4	Classy lounge for high-rollers and those who like to play the part.  They serve  top-shelf cocktails and offer imported cigars.  Was surpirsed that they didn't kick us out after using the lounge as a venue for Nicole's (the Bachelorette's) serendaing session.  We sang this to the tune of "The Girl from Ipanema":Tall and ivory, so young and lovely,Nicole from Santa Cruz goes walking,And when she passes, Brian says, "Ahhhh."Ohhh they had many years dating...Now they will go and be married.When in June they both say, "I dooo.."We all will be wishing you...Happy years and babies smiling,Friends and family and Bailey shining.We love you and we wish the best for you...Ohhh, we will watch you get married,And we will support you so gladly.With each year that we see go by...We will always be by your side...Yat, da, da, da, da da, da, da, hum...
5	We grabbed a few drinks at this bar and I am giving it 5 stars because of how friendly and how good the bartender was. He greeted us immediately, and we had drinks in our hand in an instant. Props to you mr. bartender
4	It would have gotten 5 stars if (1) no smoking allowed and (2) more secluded from the main casino floor. Drinks were good and service was prompt. Good laid-back jazzy lounge music after pigging out at the buffet.
3	Not as swanky as it was a few years ago.  Something a little disheveled about it.  Service was curt and all the good tables were roped off, reserved for their marketing dept.  At 11pm?  Was served a lemon drop that was all mix, no pulp.  Blah.  The Bellagio is so 1990s.  Nice piano music though.
4	If you come to Bellagio, you've got to stop by the baccarat bar.  I don't even like pina coladas.  But they make theirs with fresh fruit.  FRESH FRUIT not some cheap syrup concotion.  Ok so it's $12 for a drink.  BUT WHO CARES IT TASTE LIKE HEAVEN.  Do not drink just one.  The miami vice is also an icy blended concoction of heavenly fresh fruit flavors.  The peach something something ALSO DELICIOUS !  These drinks are dangerous.
5	Hands down, this bar has got it goin' on.  Being a local, I generally avoid casinos and tourist traps but I just can't get enough of Robert's drinks - he is beyond a bartender, he seriously knows his alcohol.  Great atmosphere, can't ask for more!
4	A decent bar to people-watch and drink expensive pours.  Good service.  Nice to get off the casino floor.
3	Great for people watching, the drinks are a bit expensive. It is an upscale lounge. It was nice to take a break from the casino to hang out there ...
2	Meh. I've expirienced better.
4	Looking for a place to get a quick drink and rest our feet (an ongoing theme in our Vegas adventure), we opted for something in the enchanting Bellagio. We didn't choose wrong, sitting down at the Baccarat Bar, overlooking the casino while slightly elevated as a central piece makes it stand out (and something people kept walking up to take pictures of).The drinks are a little pricey, but we opted for beer which charges at the standard rate for the Bellagio ($7.25). Drinks were... well they were beer so nothing abnormal or different there. Service was okay, but the location made it memorable.Overall, good location to grab a quick drink before jumping back into the action.
4	Great spot for chillaxin in a fancy open lounge with free mixed fancy salted nuts and fresh fruit drinks.  Last time I was there I got the Pina Colada.  They even served it with a slice of fresh pineapple on the side of the glass.  Bellagio knows how to do it right!  It is not cheap, but you get what you pay for.  If you are lucky, you also get to sit and listen to the piano man playing some tunes.
4	No Vegas trip is complete without a Bellagio Cocktail. Soooooo Good!!The Baccarat Bar is right off the main walkway thru the casino, so it's a great place to people watch.  There's a full bar and only a handful of stools, so once you're belly up, it's easy to get drink refills.  They've also got video poker, play enough and the drinks will be on the house.
5	The best thing about this place is the air filtration system. People next to me were smoking cigars and I barely could tell. The wait staff is highly friendly and genuine. It's a nice place to take a break from gambling and the bustle.
4	Love the place! Not packed all the time. Great place to light up a cigar!
4	This place wasn't bookmarked for my Christmas trip but i'm glad i stumbled upon it. We were staying at the Bellagio so it was convenient. Drinks were awesome ( had a Bella Peach and a "something cobbler" , i think raspberry cobbler(?). About 15 bucks a cocktail. the server that day was friendly and adorable. We returned the next night for beer+bottle of wine+ cocktails. It's a small area with mostly older folks, but comfortable and you can people watch.
2	I'd like to keep it short and sweet today....Pros: beautiful bar, beautiful staff, comfortable seating, and  a delicious sounding drink menu.Cons: everywhere I sat I was surrounded by either obnoxiously drunk people, Excessive cigarette some, or stinking cigar smoke. I moved twice, then left, heading the other bar in the Bellagio, which is less smoky, and simply has a better vibe. Both bars do have excellent music. I would say check them both put and see which one suits your taste crowd-wise.
1	Rather than aimlessly wandering the casino, my friends and I decided to stop by the Baccarat Lounge while waiting for our dinner reservation. We had about 45 minutes to kill and a thirst to quench. The ambiance was nice--a rounded, dim area in the center of the casino, with small tables and booth-like seating suitable for intimate gatherings. As we sat down, a woman greeted us and checked our IDs. A minute later, she returned and asked if we were ready to order our drinks--we weren't, so she left. She didn't come back for a long time, by which point we had decided on a $50 bottle of wine to split among three of us, and as one of us didn't want anything. The woman suddenly became unfriendly, and declared the one-drink minimum and actually said that he had to leave if he didn't order anything. So he just said he would also share the wine with us, and she nodded and walked away....and never came back. The people who arrived after us all received their drinks, and we waited and waited. Nearly 15 minutes had passed, and we were still unacknowledged. Frustrated, I walked up to the register area and asked to cancel the wine, explaining that we had waited a long time and that we had to leave unless they gave us the wine immediately. The same woman looked sideways and down at the bottle of wine (with four glasses) on a tray and basically shrugged me off while the woman next to her just said okay.Angry, the four of us just left. We were astonished by how rude those women were. It appeared that they ignored our group simply because of our age. We were the youngest group present, but we were certainly able and willing to pay for a bottle of wine. But hey, if they didn't want our patronage, we weren't willing to stay to be disrespected like that.
2	I was so disappointed.  I read many reviews for this little lounge and was expecting something a little better than what I got.  The initial experience was good, we were seated, 3 of us, promptly at a nice table close, but not too close to the pianist.  The piano player was aces and that is why 2 stars and not one.  Our cocktail waitress was unbelievably negligent, it was the holiday time I know but it was not that crowded here and she was so absolutely inattentive that I could hardly believe it.  When we sat we were looking over the menu, then we ordered.  My father's drink came out first and I was told that they were out of mine, an Armagnac, so I looked over the menu and she did not come back for 10 mins.  I ordered again, a cognac, the waitress went away and then came back 10 mins later and said they were out of that too.  I finally got a Scotch and was pleased except that I had asked for 1 cube of ice and it came neat, I imagine that she forgot after all of those trips and to be fair my father ordered his Woodford Reserve neat.  So we were sitting in the bar, listening to the pianist and chatting and soon enough my drink was gone, but I was still thirsty.  We could see our waitress in the back by the register just standing there looking out over the lounge.  We tried to get her attention, another couple actually got up and brought her their glass so that they could have another drink.  I had no intention of doing that myself and waited for her return.  She came back about 30 mins later and asked how we were doing, by this time it had taken an hour to get and drink a single drink, and not a cheap drink, my bill was $38 for 2 whiskeys which is fine because they were excellent but I would expect better service for whiskeys that cost $18 each.  I would like to say that I will be back and try again but I really doubt that I will.
