1	We rented a car from them because our car was at the shop. Car was fixed earlier and needed to return the rental on a Sunday. They are closed on Sundays. Called their airport location to see if I can return it there. Person said yes of course, just make sure you include the pink receipt. Also, they may (will) charge you $35 for returning it to a different location.
1	So, apparently the reason they charge you $35 to if you return the car to a different location is because we had the 3-day special. The 3-day special has lots of restrictions. We had to pay $6 per day for an extra driver, plus gas. So, the initial quote of $65, tax included for 3 days, for an economy vehicle was far from right. We ended up paying $106, taxes and gas included without returning it to a different location.Get the 3-day special only if one person is driving, and you are returning it to the same location. Anything else and you end up paying double the quote.
4	After being rear-ended on the hwy and having my truck towed to a shop, I needed a rental car.  State Farm referred me here and after setting everything up for me, an associate, Evan, came to pick me up at my house so I could get my loaner.  I visited their office 3 times during my truck's stay in the shop.  First to get the car, 2nd to cancel the voluntary insurance I'd gotten for the first day of driving a new vehicle and the 3rd to return the car.  Every time, Evan was super kind and efficient.  I'd definitely rent from Enterprise again, and hopefully this location.  Maybe next time I'll get a car just for fun!See ya there!
5	Excellent service. They had the type of vehicle I wanted. Check in was easy. Bringing it back was even easier. Daniel Streich was great. Would rent here again at the drop of a hat.
5	I rented a car from this location for business trip and was pleasantly surprised by the quality of service at this branch. Evan was very helpful and it took under five minutes to get out the door! Upon my return their shuttle service was very convenient.Needless to say I was well taken care of and will do it again in the future.
3	The workers are GREAT super friendly and super helpful, however their car quality is iffy.  I got a car that had a nail  in it and this wasn't the first time it has happened to me with enterprise. I had a nail in the tire when I rented back in California too.  It's nothing toward this location because the workers are so helpful but it might be protocal? Maybe they can check the tires more throughly before they give us the car?  My previous experience with the one we rented from California.. the tire blew in the middle of the freeway on the way to Vegas. So when I had that same experience this time I was so paranoid even driving it back to the Enterprise.  Overall the staff are awesome but I think enterprise needs to check their tires more.
5	Fast, easy and courteous. They covered everything we needed for our trip and accommodated us every step of the way. We needed reliable and that's exactly what we got.
