4	We went to eat here on a Wednesday night. Kind of crowded, but still we were seated within about 10 minutes (party of 2).We were seated, then we waited.. and waited. Finally another waiter came to take our drink and food order, he said the assigned waiter was too busy. We gave him our non-complicated order: appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 drinks. Our assigned waiter finally came around, oblivious to the fact that someone else already took our order.Food came out fairly quickly, could have been a bit faster. Our assigned waiter brought out our entrees - no appetizer. I was a bit frustrated, but we began to ate our meals anyway. After awhile I think our waiter know how irritated we were, so the manager came by. The manager apologized (which was great), ordered our appetizer and brought it out immediately and offered us a dessert - all on the house!I was very impressed with their ability to sense a problem and quickly correct it. For that, I will definitely return!!
2	Rachel Ray says if you see a restaurant with a line, it's a good sign the food is good. Restaurants know this too and I think often they create a false perception by making people wait. When a customer walks in, sees a full lobby, and is given a short wait the expectations are increased. When I arrived I noticed the parking lot was not that full. Multiple parking places up front and on each side. I walked in to see 5 people waiting; I gave my name (table for 1) and was told maybe 3 minutes. A couple of other people came in behind me and were added to the list. As I looked around between the row of tables on the right side of the restaurant, the main dining section, and the area on the left there were 8 empty tables I could see, plus half of the bar was empty. So what's with the wait? My 3 minutes turned into closer to 10. The hostess sat me at a table and said the server would be right with me.  A few minutes later and he wasn't there yet, so she came back and took my drink order. She returned (still no server) and she asked if I was ready to order. I asked about the soup and she had to check (which is fine since she isn't a server and doesn't need to know what the soup of the day is currently). I ordered the soup and a salad - which normally would be the $6.99 lunch special, but only until 3pm. Finally the server showed up with the soup and he said he thought the salad was almost finished. It's a salad - the smallest one of the menu and shouldn't take that long. The soup and salad are also on the 13 minute lunch menu so it should be quick. He returned one other time with a refill on the drinkI finished the soup and salad, yet the server was not around. The empty plates and drink cups sat there for nearly 10 minutes. He when he came back I asked for the check and it was another wait. All in all it was an hour dining experience for a cup of soup and a small salad. As I left, the lobby was full with people waiting for a table - but once again there were several open tables. It wasn't that busy, especially for a Saturday night, yet the lobby was full when there were plenty of seats available and the server was very slow.  The one redeeming factor was that it wasn't karaoke night. That usually is a horrible experience.
4	I've been to Applebee's many times before and their food and service is always average. Nothing to write home about but not necessarily poor. This location was just that, average. We were seated in the bar and we had a friendly server. The food was surprsingly good. We wouldn't have come here except for the fact that we had a gift card but I was pleasantly satisfied with the entire dining experience. Keep in mind, they do half off drink and appetizers during happy.
2	This is the second Applebee's that I tried in the last year.  I went again to this one for a simple lunch with a friend, and we decided to try the 2 for $20 special again.  Once again, I was disappointed -- so I must remember to honor the old saying, "fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice shame on me".  We shared the one appetizer, and we selected the fried mozzarella sticks.  They were bad and hard.  My friend order the SW shrimp and pasta dish and that looked pretty bad (I did not get a chance to taste it).  I ordered the three cheese pasta and grilled chicken.  There was some cheese on the pasta -- I could taste it, but there was no sauce or liquid -- just dry, cooked pasta, that tasted cheesy.  And my chicken was burnt and dry and overcooked.  The whole dish was disturbingly dry and bad!!  I know that what they show on their TV advertising and on their menus are "doctored" and "made up" dishes to make them "show" better for advertising purposes.  But what they actually serve is pretty bad and that is a travesty.  I think the other "semi-fast food" places like Olive Garden, Chili's, and Red Lobster, have better food.  And I think Applebee's would be better off (or perhaps their customers) if they provided small salads instead of the sickly "one appetizer to share" option.So if anyone ever sees me write another Applebee's review, slap me up against the side of my head!!
3	Went to this restaurant for a celebration with daughter, s-i-l, and granddaughter.  Got seated quickly for a large party, and our server was great.  The problem was the kitchen.I ordered the house special sirloin, medium rare, which is my usual order.  When the steak came (and it was the last of six plates out of the kitchen), the steak was vastly overdone - it was WELL done, and would have been inedible.  I asked the server to take it back, and by the time it came, everyone else had finished their meal---I don't believe that the kitchen put the right emphasis on replacing it.  When the second steak came, it was so full of gristle that I managed to get about 3 bites out of it...I left the rest of it on the plate.  This is truly the first time I've had a problem with Applebee's, and I've eaten in locations from Arizona to Tennessee and back.  I wasn't very impressed with this one.
4	I love this place.  It's in the same strip mall as the Fry's I am now going to and also Ace Hardware, Anna's Linens and a few other places I buy stuff at when needed. I go on Saturday mornings at 11 when it opens - which is in half an hour from now, lol - there is a bartender named Monica in there, she is the bomb. She makes GREAT margaritas and I have no problem at all with the food there.  I try something different every time and I haven't been disappointed yet.  The service is good and the wait staff is very attentive.
1	arrived at restaurant at 1:30 and waited 35 minutes for salads.... drank ice water... server never came to see if we were ok or to apologize for slow service.... the place was not that busy. Finally our salads arrived with medium cool lettuce and the chicken on top was like ice (it was grilled chicken) so.... we walked out after one bite... not exactly a dine-n-dash... wouldn't recommend this one!!!
2	The food sucks shrimp is paper thin and hard small cup of coleslaw the potato chips are great but come e four bones on per cook ribs cheese sauce is ok bit come bathroom is trashed
5	Eric is the nicest manager of any restaurant we know of.
2	Place works very slow the severs keep playing around and when I got my spinach artichoke dip there was noodles on the inside of it.
2	Ugh.. Either the quality has dumped or my tastes have matured too much for applebees. Fish tasting fishy just doesn't seen right to me, but hey, IM no Gordon Ramsey.. The wait was insane for fish on a Friday during lent.. Tisk tisk..
2	Very POOR service. One person in the party got grilled cheese and the cheese wasn't even melted. Waitress seemed out of it and didn't care AT ALL. Ordered a medium well cowboy burger. It was RAW!! Wasn't the first time food has gone back here and the fact that 2 out 3 orders in one sitting went back was ridiculous. It wasn't even a crowded night.
5	They have "reverse" happy hour after 10pm and 1/2 price appetizers plus drink specials. They also have Karaoke on certain nights of the week - in 2011 they had it on Tuesday nights but as of 2013 they've been doing Karaoke on certain Fri, Sat, Sun.  They also have Bud, Bud Light, and Coors on tap for $3 ALL DAY LONG.  This is as of Dec 2013.  To all you fuddy-duddys typing bad review on this place, you should realize that this location is on one of the busiest corners in the Gilbert/Mesa area, so cool your jets and stop acting likely fat grumpy self-important little pigs.(run-on sentence, I know)Apple Bees is suppose to be a fun place to eat and spend time with friends/family or a drunken stuper.  I eat here often enough to know that your servers are constantly hustling to get your order out to you. They don't want to piss you off - they need your tips.  So be kind to your servers where ever you go....or they'll spit on your food, or worse...TRUE TAT!P.S. I'm not in the food industry but know plenty of people who are~
3	Great neighborhood happy hour......all important sports on at least 1 screen which you can see from most tables.1/2 price happy hour appetizers and 1.99 super large PBR's !How the heck can you beat a 1.99 super tall beer???Great won ton taco's......P.F. Changs look out!!!Margarita, super tall pbr, 2 orders of  wonton tacos, 1, spinach dip  1 queso dip28.00 total with tip...... :)Awesome food and very consistant after many visits.
1	Well my wife and I used to come here every once in a while for their happy hour, however they just changed their menu and the choices are awful. No more boneless wings on the happy hour menu and the prices increased to boot. The 2 for $20 mwnu continues to be subpar and they even moved some items to the 2 for $25 menu. Needless to say, we will not be back for a while. Nothing there that would keep us coming back like before.
4	We were seated within minutes.  Awesome waiter.  Took our orders and everything came out correctly.  Couldn't ask for a nicer evening.
5	Nice frIendly place. Always great service. The food is really good. I have tried several items on the menu and have always been happy with everything I have eaten. We love to go here to watch football on Sunday while we have lunch.
5	The people were amazing and always made sure I was being helped when I was picking up my order.  Definitely will be coming back!!!
