3	Next to and connected to the City Stop gas station. Friendly staff and quick service for carry out. Staff was brief on the phone but friendly.It is Domino's, so it is not the most fancy but the pizza looked and tasted fresh and delicious.
5	I've gotta say, dominoes has stepped up Their game. Their still no Grimaldi's or Metro but for the price you can't beat it. They use better ingredients and the staff is friendly. I ordered online this evening and it was really simple. I like that u can 'track' your pizza and see what's going on with your order. From now on when we order pizza it's only Dominoe's or Rosatie's :)
4	Normally when to comes to pizza night, we get takeout from Villa or Rosatis, or delivery from Papa Johns. My husband thought it was time we changed it up a bit, so we decided to pick up a pie, salad and wings from Dominos. Service was fairly friendly. There was one female employee that made a poor impression by getting in the way of the employee trying to help me and generally looking like she'd rather die then do her job. Thankfully the person that actually helped me did so with a great attitude and a smile.I was surprised at the quality of the pizza from Dominos. The crust was perfectly cooked and had great flavor. The wings were meaty but not extra cripsy, which is how I always order them. The salad was nothing special. Overall our order was better then I expected it to be. We will certainly order from Domino's again.
4	Sometimes you want pizza and nothing else will do. You don't want to pay for Metro, you're boycotting Papa Johns, Pizza Hut messed up your last order again, someone in the house is craving pasta or sandwiches, and DiGiorno pizza from Smiths won't do. Domino's filled the need when nothing else sounded good. This store was clean, the service was friendly, my order was right, and the pizza and sandwiches didn't suck. What more can you ask for?
4	Online awesome price was reasonable 30 min fromy last click to my door! Pizza was good. Thin crust beef n japs! Dude was nice. Hell for $19 bucks what do u want...my mouth is happy
5	Look,there are very few options for delivery in Anthem. I ordered from every single pizza place you can order delivery from. All other pizza delivery usually takes between 1 hour and 1.5 hours. The food usually arrives cold. This Domino's is fantastic because it arrives in just under 30 minutes. It is fresh and completely hot. For all of you haters, you can specify the amount of toppings that you want on their awesome visual website. So, if you want a particular topping on your pizza you should just indicate the amount. Please order from this Domino's and enjoy a fantastic little slice of amazing. I am giving them 5 stars for being as good as Dominos possibly can get.
4	I can't remember the last time I ordered a pizza, but I was in a rare mood tonight and they had a good deal.I ordered a pepperoni & mushroom pizza for delivery, and received... pepperoni and pineapple. No thank you! I called, and was delivered the proper pie promptly, no charge. Despite the mess up, they were great about correcting it. As Dominoes pizza go, it was very tasty (you adjust your expectations) and I love the cinnamon stix. My delivery person was a wonderful (fast & friendly) young woman and I never got a bad attitude for asking for a correct order. Impressed by the speed on a Friday night!
5	This Domino's is the closest near my house and they're service is always superb. The food is always hot, always correct and very delicious.
5	Excellent service, correct order, great prices thanks to a promotion they were doing, and delicious pizza. We usually order from papa John's but thought we'd try Dominos because of their large pizza promotion. I actually liked the pizza here more than papa John's and will definitely return!
