4	I haven't been to Dr. Woodland since I was in grade school, however I am confident that he was great! I remember going to him a lot in the second grade and I was so embarrassed because I thought that meant I had bad teeth. Several years later, I said something to my mom about going to the dentist so often when I was a kid, and she told me that I wasn't getting fillings, I was getting sealants!!! What a relief to know I did NOT have bad teeth! I still try to keep that going ... Every 6 months for me, like clockwork! I have never had any fear or anxiety about going to the dentist and from the stories that I hear, I seem to be in the minority on that one. Seeing as how I was going all the time when I was younger (or what seemed like it to a second grader) and I still don't mind the dentist, almost enjoy it in fact, I am fully convinced that is a direct result of my first dental experience with Dr. Woodland!
4	this would be my first visit as a new patient. The experience was very good. Well, not the cleaning part as apparently I need to floss more. the dental hygienist was very pleasant, patient, and thorough. Dr. Woodland was friendly, even though it turned out that I wouldn't be helping with Christmas.
1	Dr. Mark Woodland did such poor work on fillings in my families mouth that the next dentist we went to said we should file a lawsuit.Not only is his work 2nd rate but we are seriously considering filing a suit. This man should not be practicing Dentistry.
5	Can't say enough good things about Dr woodland and staff.  Thank you.  You don't get that these days, they always make  you feel comfortable and special, you know things are be going to be done right. Thank you and god bless.
5	I grew up with Dr. Woodland as my dentist. He has always done a great job. I love his hygienists, especially Shelley. She is super sweet and always does a great job. I never had to wait long to be seen and the rooms are really nice and clean, with a TV.Sadly, I've needed my share of fillings :-( but luckily Dr. Woodland does a great job. He did such a good job matching the fillings  to my teeth (is that the right word?) You can't tell I went through a less then perfect brushing/flossing stage (Don't worry I have since rectified my ways and am now staying cavity free) My smile is still beautiful.I was never afraid of going to the dentist because I knew he would do a great job (and I was right)Now I live in N. CA and have to find a new dentist :-( I am worried I wont be able to find another Dental office as good as this place. It seems like a lot of dental offices are corporations or not keeping up with technology. hopefully I'll find a small dental office that keeps with the times here.. or maybe just commute to Az j/k
5	I would like to thank dr. woodland and staff for treatment and great care you get there always a smile and knowing they all care, and treat you like your special no matter who you are. can't say enough about the proessional help about dr. and staff thanks for always being there no matter time or day for em. treatment or sch. visits. god bless hard to find this kind of people elswhere who care.
5	I have "extreme" anxiety when it comes to going to going to a dentist... Dr. Woodland and staff couldn't have made my experience any better. They could clearly see i was very nervous and in pain; they worked at my pace and couldn't have made me feel more comfortable. They are extremely accommodating to your financial needs and are willing to help or at least work with you to find a way... which means A LOT! The staff is outstanding and i highly recommend them to anyone looking for a great dentist!
5	Great staff, great Dentist and that's why I'm always coming back.  On my last visit, got stuck in MASSIVE morning traffic and was over 30 minutes late.  Didn't matter, they were waiting for me as I ran thru the front door.  I thought for sure I'd have to reschedule but they got me right in.  Thanks guys.  Much appreciated!
5	I can't think of a better dentist in AZ.  Dr. Woodland's office reminds me of the traditional dentist offices I'm used to back east where I grew up, not the dentist offices you find in strip malls that seem to be all about overcharging patients.  The hygienists are wonderful.  They have been doing their jobs for years.  I've have referred a couple friends to Dr. Woodland and I started going here since 2000 when a friend referred me. You can't go wrong with Dr. Woodland and his staff!
5	Dr. Woodland's work is of high quality.  In the past two years, my wife and I have had numerous crowns, fillings, and cleanings.  Dr. Woodland's ability to "get it right" the first time, and the concern and careful treatment by him and his staff, make for comfort and confidence during and following treatment.  His office is staffed with people who share his capable, confident, and happy characteristics.  My wife and I are treated by all as if we were friends or family.  As a retiree with no dental insurance, I appreciate Dr. Woodland's thorough discussion of the cost and value of treatment options.  His discount for cash or check is a plus.
5	I've been comming here for a couple of years. I spent a long time from college to a couple of years afterwards without seeing a dentist. (I know it's bad but hey I was young...) Suffice it to say that I needed to have some serious work done when I did finally go see a dentist. I spent a few years dealing with pain and skipped around from dentist to dentist. That is until I found Dr. Woodland. I finally felt like I found an office that cared to take the time to get to know me and took a genuine concern in the health of my mouth. I have since referred many of my co-workers to him and they have all been satisfied. He did great work on my root canals and ha been great ever since. The staff at the office has always been genuinly caring as well. They know you by name and remember you. This is a family owned business with a family owned environment which is what sets them apart from all of the chains.
5	I hadn't been to a dentist in about 3 years before I finally decided to get over my fears and come in to see Dr. Woodland. The staff was very friendly and worked around my crazy work schedule. I ended up needing a lot of cavity fillings but they made it comfortable and it wasn't  as bad as I thought it was going to be. I amgetting married in September and they even offered to do some extra work to make my smile "wedding ready." I really feel like this dentist office cares about me and my smile. I will ALWAYS recommend them to anyone...even my Fiance will be scheduling his appointment soon.
5	I have been a longtime patient of Dr. Woodland, every six months for about 33 yrs now!  Due to good genes or something, I have only gone in for preventative cleanings and oral exams....until yesterday.  Over the weekend I broke  a molar, so I called first thing on a Monday morning and they were able to schedule me with no delay.  Fortunately Dr. Woodland was able to take care of it with a filling, my first in over 50 yrs.  It was done with great care.  I was very comfortable and appreciate the relationship with Dr. Woodland and his staff and the professionalism and quality care they have maintained over the years.
