5	Great Dunkin location.  They are always fast and friendly! Iced coffee and iced lattes are great! Hot coffee is too, but I order with 1/2 sugar.
5	Great coffee and great service from David.
2	Prior to moving to Arizona I lived in Massachusetts where there is a DD's every 100 feet. My daily coffee was a medium Turbo... twice a day for around the past 7-years, with the exception of whichever holidays they were closed. When I arrived in AZ I was excited to find a DD's 5-mins from my house.The first day I went in for whatever reason they could not get my order correct - medium Turbo, light, 2 sweet and lows. This was the SAME way I've been ordering it for 7-years. By the fourth consecutive day the manager (I think his name was Tim) noticed that I seemed to be coming in after going through the drive-thru and questioned what was wrong. I explained that for whatever reason, my Turbo was getting sugar added, or was way to dark to be considered light, or the espresso shot was completely omitted. I also explained this had been going on for 4-days. After around 20-consecutive days - and honestly expecting the order to be messed up - the manager once again noticed me coming inside to fix my order. This time he asked me to repeat my order - Turbo, light, 2 sweet and lows - and proceeded to explain that it was MY fault that the Turbo was being made incorrectly. He told me that I shouldn't say "light" I should say "extra cream". Really? I had no idea Dunkin Donuts of Arizona had an inability to decipher the word "light" as meaning just that... LIGHT! He made me my coffee and out the door I walked.... NEVER to go back again.The next morning I discovered my new love - a Starbucks medium caramel latte, 6 pumps, breve'. Starbucks... a place I never stopped at because of my admiration for the fantastic service I had received for countless years even before discovering the DD's Turbo. Thanks to the Surprise Dunkin Donuts I'm now a Starbucks Gold Card carrying member!I gave this DD's 2-Stars because although they lost a 30+ year Dunkin Donuts  customer, it is always clean and bright and they have a nice outdoor seating area. Unfortunately, they don't know how to make a medium Turbo, light, with 2 sweet and lows.
4	Knock knock.. Who's there... Donut...Donut who...Donut just read the reviews, eat one! The drive thru is a little odd being in a strip mall. However it's a donut shop up here in Surprise. By the kids school, so I can drop them off and get a quick bite to eat on my way back home.
2	The weekend service at this DD location is absolutely AWFUL. On several occasions, during peak morning hours, I have waited in line with dozens of other customers while one very slow employee works at the counter and several others (including management) do nothing to help. The employees I have encountered on the weekends have no customer service skills either. No friendly greeting, very inattentive, no smile, no 'thank you' when you get your order. They look miserable and dress sloppily. And God forbid you ask for an item that is not in the racks behind them. I'm glad they don't have the nerve to put a tip jar out on the counter. It would be empty!!In fairness to this store, there is one young lady who works mid-day during the week who is absolutely wonderful. (I wish I knew her name.) She is everything the weekend crew is not, and she should teach them a bit about customer service.It is amazing how DD on the east coast is run so differently. You never wait in line more than 5 minutes, they greet you by name and know how you like your coffee. 'Light and sweet' is a legitimate request, and you always find the variety of product you go in for.
2	Maybe it was late in the day, and maybe they'd just been supremely busy. I don't know what hit that place but it was filthy. Every table I attempted to sit at was covered in crud and crumbs and the floor was a sticky mess too - even the staff looked disheveled and tired. The donuts were yum, bt wow, that place needs a deep clean......eurgh!
3	One things I learned about this area is the only donuts you are going to find are Dunkin  Donuts, and what ever donuts they have at the bakery section in the local super market. With that said, they have an awesome breakfast selection! My favorite is their egg whites and vegi flat bread!! Just a great taste, wife loves their hash browns! Donuts are OK, nothing like a mom and pops shop! Can not find any around here! Seems you have to go further east of here to find one? But since it's here, can not complain to much about it. It does it's job!
5	99 cent iced tea and ice coffee all summer long !!!
1	Still sooooooo slow!!!!! This store needs to take lessons from the Dunkin Donut stores back east where customer service is beyond excellent and the staff hustles!!!
4	Nice clean place, plenty of seating, great expanded menu selection. I would definitely eat here again.
4	I love Dunkin Donuts - They have seriously good coffee, their larges are super gulps of lattes (which being the coffee whore I am, I love it!) and aren't pricey at all! They obviously have good donuts, but their breakfast sandwiches are pretty amazing as well. But I mostly love the fact that it's a drive through and I don't have to drag my lazy butt out of my car to get my coffee and carb fix!
2	We like a good donut every once in awhile. Dunkin Donuts is usually great...but this Surprise one blows. There is nothing worse than having a craving for a Bavarian creme donut, just to get there and find out that they do not have any. This is the norm for this Dunkin. Every time we go there they never have the Bavarian creme donut. If it is soooo popular you would think they would want to keep them in stock so they could profit off of them. Guess that is not the case with this place.
2	Came here before running around. We ordered a sausage and egg cresant, 3 Chocolate iced with sprinkle donuts, and 1 glazed donut. We also ordered a large carmel iced coffee with extra carmel and a coke along with a cup of ice. Our total came out to 12.20 which was fine. When we got our order they didnt even give us the cup of ice we paid for, and when we asked for it they gave us the cup of ice with no lid and no straw. Also they place the napkins in the bag with the donuts. Chocolate icing alllll over the napkins... Arent they supposed to place each donut in wax paper type stuff? How do we know they even have gloves on while getting these donuts into the bags? The donuts seemed to be very freshly made.. As if they just iced them because the icing hasnt even set yet and it was dripping every time i tried to take a bite. They were fresh and tasted pretty good but the service here is terrible and they do not have good order accuracy. This needs to be improved on because they just lost a person who loves donuts and coffee.. Me. I will take my business elsewhere until they know how to package food in their bags and actually get an order right.
4	Conveniently located in Surprise right after the entrance/exit ramps to the 303 and a couple stores next the Safeway supermarket.  Parking is sufficient.  The establishment was a bit dirty (-1) - tables were dirty and floor was dirty.  It was well lit and not too cramped.  At the time I visited, it was empty which was a plus for me.  Staff was friendly and service was fast.Food items didn't taste fresh, though not stale as I had a glazed donut and another in my party had a reduced-fat muffin.  Also complemented the order with a Hazelnut Swirl latte which was cold and tasty.Will be back because it's conveniently located for me and I'm a fan of Dunkin Donuts.
1	Never going here again. They offer a free coffee when the cardnials win... Just went to redeem it I was told it's no longer valid and its only good for 24 hours. I got the offer at 6 am it's 8:30 pm... Hasn't been 24 hours. Most of the employees are stoned when you go in there and the rest are missing teeth it's gross. No thanks! I'll spend the extra money and go to Starbucks where the coffee tastes better and they hire high quality people to work there.
