5	The newest little boutique in Downtown Phoenix! It has a little of everything. Jewelry, Handbags, flower arrangements, candles , women's wear, art , local artists hand work, and even a knitting section with beautiful wools hand dyed and hand spun. You just have to see it to believe it . The mad hatter behind the look has 30 years of visual merchandising experience and it shows. Its been described as a trip down the rabbit hole in Alice and wonderland. They are even going to be running knitting Classes and crafting classes this summer.
4	Update:  closed for business.  farewell and thanks for the fun times.Yarn and knitting supplies in central Phoenix!  Hooray and thank you!We stopped by today and had fun exploring this tiny place, a colorful jumble of garden ornaments, jewelry, accessories, knick knacks literally floor to ceiling.  It feels like you are rummaging around someones cozy attic full of remnants from days gone by.  The sweet couple minding the shop were quite charming and made sure to point out little items they thought we might enjoy.  On every visit you are likely to notice some little thing you had not seen before.  We went specifically for the yarn and here's what we found in the back of the shop...quite a bit of Southwest Trading Company yarn so if you like bamboo wool blends you will be quite pleased.  One of the owners ( thank you Glen) has thoughtfully knitted up sample socks and other display items so you can see how the yarn will look when it's knit up.  Nice touch!  There was handpainted sock yarn (dyed by Glen, we were told) and some other off the beaten path yarns here and there, such as natural colored llama from new Mexico and a little bit of handspun and chunky hand dyed yarn from labels I had not seen before.  Numerous sizes of bamboo knitting needles (straight, double pointed and circular) displayed in a multi drawered antique chest, as well as a basket of stitch markers and some unusual buttons.  A few well edited knitting how to books that are compatible with the types of knitted items on display.  We were told rhere are classes and author visits coming soon, would be worth stopping by to get on their mailing list.A nice little neighborhood place that will be fun to stop by and visit from time to time.  They said they are currently open weds through saturday till 6 pm.
5	Love this store. A unique boutique, with an assortment of fun and funky housewares, original gifts, clothing & jewelry - filling the tiny store from top to bottom. The owners are warm and welcoming...making you feel right at home. The only problem I ran into was wanting to buy too much! (the price points are really good) I left with a silk flower pillow, a green glass candle holder, a dress, 2 rings and some soap. I'm ready for my second trip back to get the necklace and candle I left behind...   If you've got a gift to get or a nook to decorate in your house, this is the place to go. I'm not a knitter, but there's quite a collection of knitting supplies...the owner even offered me one of his free scarf patterns to give to my sister who I was buying hand dyed yarn for. They even have creative pet furniture and supplies.   This little gem of a store is def on my favorites list of retailers.
5	What a fun store. Plenty to look at and touch. The yarn is mostly SWT  with a bit of hand spun (very nice). There is a lot of fun arty jewelery and south wester type art (a good thing too). It is a bit of a jumble with a lot to see. Be sure to look at the nooks and cranny's. Great help with selection and gift wrapping by the owner. Thanks for such a fun place to shop!l
4	I really love this store. The owners are super nice and they always have really great gift suggestions, which is super useful. The only reason I am giving them four stars is because they are not open all week- which is a bummer. I often drive past the store, hoping to come in for a gift but they are closed.
