4	My friend and I first stumbled upon this small, home-town restaurant after wandering around downtown Phoenix one warm summer day.  Coney Island had a number of satisfying things to offer, but the thing we loved the most was their ever-so-popular chili-cheese dogs.  It has quickly become one of our favorite restaurants, and we've made the long trip from Tempe into downtown many times, just for a taste of their authentic East coast cooking.
5	My wife and I found this place while looking for something to eat before a Suns game.  Great little sandwich shop with good food and great prices.  I had the steak wrap and my wife had the chicken caesar wrap with the jalapenos.  The food was perfect pre-game food and it's location was walking distance to everything.  I highly recommend Coney Islands for good inexpensive and quick food.
5	Can't believe i'm the only reviewer of this little place.  Anyways, hungry after buying a new car and headed into Phoenix for some lunch downtown.  Wfiey had Chicken Piccado on Pita with Tzatiki.  Now my wife is greek and knows her Tzatiki and we loved it, it had more lemon juice (fresh too) in it which made it finger licking good (i literally jammed my tongue in the little plastic cup to get more...too much info but felt i needed to get point across)  great Tzatiki and really good pita.  I had the Roasted Hatch Green Chili and Jalapeno Jack Cheeseburger (carpel tunnel after that) and fries.  Fries always perfectly cooked and burger was perfect size...maybe some marks off on the wheat bun because i'm not a fan of wheat buns on greasy burgers but still really good.  Again, another A+ from Coney Islands.  The owner was telling me about his breakfast burrito specials...so gonna try some breakfast and let u guys know.
4	I came across this place when another local restaurant refused my coupon. I was glad I did.The Good:Really tasty burger, nice and bacony with fresh toppings. Lots of fries to the order. Fast service; what, were they expecting me? They were very friendly, too. The place was clean, which is always a plus.The Bad:Only 4 packets of catsup, not nearly enough for all those thick fries. The '50s music, not a fan, got it to go.The Ugly:Not very green; they provided in my to go bag a cutlery wrap with a twist tie. Nice touch, but I don't need a fork and knife for a burger and fries and the twist tie just seems wasteful. Also, their hours; It's rare that I'm in town this time of day, normally I get in late and leave early, so I can see that many times I won't be able to eat there because they're open 0730-1430. Their menu seems to have something for everyone. The Greek food (being consumed by the girl by the door) looked really good and she was eating it as if it were. Six different dogs to choose from, 7 burgers  and 9 salads on the menu. They do breakfast as well.They say they've been serving since 1939 and I'm sure they'll be around for a long time, 'cause this is good food, people.
4	Coney Island is a good place for lunch. My friend and I always try to stop by here when we're downtown. It's a great little placed tucked in on Adams. The food is satisfying and tasty, for a great price. The employees are very friendly and talkative and appreciate your business. I just wasn't so fond of the atmosphere.
3	What can I say about the Chicken Feta salad at Coney Island?Well, first off, it is appropriately named.  The two main things on this salad are chicken and feta.  I also like that this salad is served with pita bread.  Not the best pita bread, but who are we kidding . . . anything better than the stuff you buy at the grocery store is pretty darn good.  With the pita bread and feta, I can satisfy my craving without having to order anything too unhealthy.  The lettuce is just iceberg, add a few kalamata olives, a tomato wedge, and half of a hard-boiled egg, and you've got your Chicken Feta salad from Coney Island.  Some may be put-off by the egg, but I don't mind.A lot of my co-workers come here for the burgers and fries, but in all honesty, I have not.  For me, a burger is a special occasion . . . something I don't eat very often . . . and it doesn't usually happen during a workday lunch.
3	MENUNot terribly exciting and pretty straight-forward: pita, subs & salads.  Also not mentioned but definitely in abudance: hot dogs, burgers & fries.  I have had the chicken feta salad a couple of times and was very pleased by the homemade dressing, the fact that it included a hard boiled egg, lots of olives and generous amount of both feta and chicken.  A filling salad- a worth your money salad- the kind of salad you want for a quick lunch that's healthy but doesn't result in you spending your money on air.  Also, it comes with heated pita.  Yay for free bread.   My co-workers had things with fries and pitas which they liked although the fries seemed lackluster.  CLEANLINESS/OVERALL QUALITYIt could be cleaner, certainly.  But, it's a busy lunch place and it's run by a family with a small staff so I think they do their best but it kind of has that food court feel where nothing is quite completely cleaned up from the people there before you.  SERVICECute and accomodating older couple runs the show.  It's an order in line and then go sit and wait for your food type of deal that is pretty efficient and results in needing little else.  You may have some problems though if you want something extra or forgot something the first go around.  You sort of have to jump the line to get in to get someone's help.  ATMOSPHEREI'm not a big 50's kitsch person and the idea of something themed Coney Island is just too big of a stretch for me in PHX (esp. having lived in New York) but I suppose it would be cute for kids.  Bright colors, diner tables and chairs (not the cute kind- the cheap kind), and the seating can be crowded.  The tables are close together, again resulting in a food court feel and the tables are small. Other than pretty good food, don't expect much.  But, it's a lunch place so I'm usually not asking a lot in that case and it's family-owned which I always love.
3	Nothing special, but close to my loft in Phoenix.  I have walked by this place for years and never stopped in and finally got around to it today.  The Gyro with Feta was solid, but nothing special.
4	I ate here for lunch today.  I had a gyros and coleslaw with a large tea.  The coleslaw was really good and flavored nicely.  The gyros was good, but I only got two slices of meat with some tomato and onion.  Some red and green peppers would have been nice.  Maby that is not traditional though.  I am not Greek, just love their food.  The sauce (I know what it is but can't spell it) was delicious.  They use China Mist tea which is never dissapointing.  The seating is a bit cramped - I should have sat outside.  The service was fast and friendly.  Definately looking forward to a return visit.
4	My best friend, Sarah H, and I discovered Coney Island a few years ago while adventuring in Downtown Phoenix.  This little hole in the wall quickly became one of our favorite places to go for a simple and quick meal!Every time I have gone, I get a chili dog with fries.  I must say, it is quite tasty and I have no reason steer away from it!  The only thing that is a bummer is that there hours are limited.  I remember them closing mid afternoon.  Other than that, you can't go wrong with a trip down to Coney Island!
4	I was having one of "those" days where you are running late and no matter how much you get done there is still more to do.  On top of all of that I forgot to pack a lunch.  A quick call at 11:45 a.m. for a order of chicken feta salad and a large drink really made my day better.  It got me out of the office and made me stop to eat.   The salad was delicious, lots of feta, chicken, a hard boiled egg half, a pepperonchini, and just right on the onion.  Also, you get a pita bread that is fresh and hot-great for sopping up the salad dressing.  Will be back to try something new for sure.
2	I usually bring my lunch but forgot to today. Foregoing some of the places in the area I have been to more than once, I decided to give this place a shot. Ok so when I go in it is almost 2pm. I decided on the Gyro and the fries, no drink @ $7. Typical lunch prices. I ordered it to-go and ran back across the street to my office. The aroma of the fries drew in one of my cubicle neighbors. A generous serving I covered them with ketchup, salt and pepper before departing the restaurant. The tatziki looked like it had been sitting in its little container awhile, the gyro meat was dry and over cooked (sat around, rewarmed, IDK). The pita was tough like it sat, around too was microwaved and toughened up upon cooling slightly. But I was hungry...and I ate the whole gyro and part of the fries. Now I wait...hoping that it all processes normally and not in the next 30 minutes. Wish me luck!
3	Wow, I can't believe all the misinformation & crap about this place right here on this page!  First of all, at the time of this writing the header says, "Coney Island Pita Subs & Salads".  Uh, the name of the place is CONEY ISLAND GRILL.One reviewer quotes the price of a Gyro & fries at $7.  A Gyro & fries is $6.  Someone else griped that the staff didn't like them bringing in food from somewhere else & plopping down in there!  NO, THAT'S NOT OK!  How about the gripe that they didn't want you to buy only a soda with a credit card?  You don't have $1.50 to your name?  HOW DID YOU EVEN GET TO THIS PLACE???  Then we've got somebody whining that Coney Island "wasted" a twist tie in packaging their to-go order!  WTF is THAT about???Ok, my blood pressure's high enough.  Here's my review:There are lots of good lunch spots downtown these days, & this is one of them!  It's a cute, comfortable little place with inside & outside seating.  I ordered a Gyro, which comes with your choice of fries, Cole Slaw or potato salad. or you can upgrade to a regular lettuce salad for $.55 (so $6.55), as I did.  I found the restaurant to be CLEAN not dirty, enjoyed my lunch completely, & the staff members were VERY FRIENDLY & NICE!Besides Mediterranean food, the menu includes burgers, hot dogs, large salads, chili, & daily special combos.  I want to return FOR SURE!     :-))Open from 9:30 AM to 2:30 PM Monday through Friday.
4	Good quick clean meal in downtown Phoenix served by staff who actually care that you have a good meal, all for 7.25 with good fries and a drink. What else do you want in downtown?
3	While on jury duty and walking around for a place for lunch I cruised into Coney Island Grill. I ordered the Gyro plate and went with paying a bit more for a salad than fries or other side.The food came out very quick. The salad wasn't overly impressive. It looked liked the express salad you get at the store mixed in with some darker greens. The gyro tasted good, but was lacking meat. There were three strips of meat on this huge pita with 3 big tomato slices. A little more meat would have gone a long way. I've also never seen green tzatziki sauce. The sauce tasted the same as all other tzatziki I've hadSince the sald and gyro didn't satisfy me, I ordered a hot dog. The dog was brought out quickly and was grilled well and tasted really good.Need to ditch the styrofoam cups.Serves coke products out of the fountain.Overall, the place is a decent place to grab lunch. Nothing out of the ordinary, but not really extraordinary either.
2	Fast, friendly service, but the food was kinda gross.  I ordered the classic cheeseburger with fries.  I washed my hands, grabbed a drink, sat down on the patio, and the food was served.  Quick.  I'm a burger lover and this was just terrible.  The meat was gray and tasteless.  And I only say this because, in attempt to taste my food, I had to use a napkin to wipe off the spooge of mayo that was drowning everything on it.  The veggies were also tasteless, but typical of what one comes to expect in American convenience food (except the pickle slices, which were probably the best thing overall).  The fries had the potential to be great, but they were overcooked, and just a bit too overfried to satisfy.  I really hate to waste food, especially on these rare occasions when I eat out, but I just couldn't finish it.  It was yucky.  I actually feel like I have a brick I need to puke up right now.  Sorry guys, but the service wasn't enough to make me wanna come back.
4	Jury duty has me in downtown Phoenix 2 days a week. I have never spent much time in this part of Phoenix and have made it my lunch time focus to find a good place to eat or places. I wanted a burger looked on Yelp. Coney Island Grill was close. I liked the feel of the restaurant. It is small and the tables have sewed vinyl tops to cover the tables. I liked this touch. Made the tables look very cleaned.  I went in and asked the gentleman at the cash register I was wanting a burger but did he have any recommendations. He went through several items he liked and when he recommended the Bacon Cheese Burger. About the employees. While I was waiting on the burger I had a chance to watch how they treated their customers. All I can say is WOW. Everyone got the same great service I had received. The employees were very friendly and helpful to everyone. They get an A+ for customer service. My burger came out and it was very good. It was flavorful and just the right size. I especially liked the bun. Not sure what kind of bun it was but it really made the burger. Out of all the places I have eaten down town this is one of the places I am coming back to and trying something else off their menu. If you want good food and great customer service give them a try. You will like them. Now what am I going to try next. (I will probably just ask for another recommendation). Oh Oh. The price for a burger and a drink no fries?? $7.00 plus some change. Great value!!
5	Stopped in for a quick lunch, and don't regret that decision at all!!The menu seems really expansive, but all I wanted was chili dog, they have salads, burgers, gyros, etc. Food was amazing, quick and the owner very nice. Another downtown Phoenix gem!
2	Coworker and I went for lunch.  Absolutely packed and the food was just ok.  My hotdog was like something you would get at him.  Regular bun and dry with a cheap weiner in it.    My buddy got the gyro.  Again nothing to write home about.  I got a great dog off the cart off the street that was cheaper that this place.
3	What a surprise! My students wanted to go here for lunch while at the AZ SkillUSA Championship. Imagine my delight when I discovered how good the food was. We were served by the owner, too.
3	This place is not bad at all, having said that here's a few reasons why this isn't my first place to have lunch downtown. The biggest issue is the fact that it's menu on it's website is not up to date, the instore newer and higher prices means I always end up paying 2-3 bucks more than I thought I would. The inside of the place is also kind of hot and I don't want to think about how it would feel to have lunch inside there in the summer. BUT the people working there are very nice, the food is pretty good the chili dog is great, the gyro is ok and their fries are a little big and mushy but that's how it always is at places that serve gyros for some reason, I prefer small cuts and crisp. I would definitely say try this place and see if it's for you, I could eat here again if they were a little less expensive.
3	I have been back a few times since my first review.  In those times I have had the gyro again, the gyro salad and their chili fries.  It is simple no frills fare.  They operate quickly and they offer a punch card with a reward or those who frequent the place. The place can get a little crowded and uncomfortable if you are waiting for a carry out order. Its a small ma' n pa' greasy spoon establishment, it is not corporate owned so for me that solidifies the 3 star rating.
4	I was downtown working. I'm also a native to the REAL Coney Island in Brooklyn, NY. My 2nd home away from home. I'm a urban type of man and this is a urban type of restaurant. It's small, and on a busy lunch break will probably be seated right next to someone else. Which is funny because in my opinion people in Phoenix still aren't that used to little personal space while out, I people watch and notice such things. But I ordered a chicken pita, sat down next to a woman reading the paper and waited, in about 3-4 min my food came. I ate and it was very good. A quick 45 min lunch break and I was full and on my way. Decent prices and food. Try it out.
4	I keep on vowing to try something else and always go back to the Chicken Feta Salad.  It is so good and the perfect office lunch.
5	There are few options downtown for a burger and this place kicks the crap out of any others. It is better than any other burger in Phoenix really. Try the BMW burger if you're hungry. Perfectly balanced with meat, cheese, BBQ sauce and flavor. Not to mention the owner works the register at lunch and builds great rapport with guests.
2	I really do enjoy this place. It's close to my work and in the middle of downtown Phoenix.  The staff is very friendly and the service is quite fast.  This past visit though didn't leave me as happy as I normally would be.I've ordered their burgers and fries before, which I really enjoyed and especially for the price.  Today, I opted for hot dogs with a side of potato salad.  That sounded good to me so that is what I ordered but sadly, all I got were 2 incredibly dinky hot dogs.  For $2.75 each, I was not too pleased.  Even if if had included any toppings, the dog itself was a very small/thin dog.  Had it been a thin snappy dog, (dirty water dog) I could see past it but it wasn't.  The potato salad though was very good I think I will stick to the burgers from now on.
5	This place is amazing and I have never had a bad experience here. It's clean, fast, and most importantly the food is great. Tyler (the owner) is always attentive and nice to chat with. I highly recommend this place, call your order in advance as they get busy.
2	Just ordered here for lunch with some coworkers. Meh. I thought the price was kind of crazy for what I got. I ordered a Chicken Picado Pita (or something of that nature), and it was just ordinary. Literally something I could have whipped up on my grill at home. Caramelized onions, tomatoes, peppers, and chicken. It was really lacking in tomatoes and the pieces of chicken were very few for the price. Food tasted a bit greasy too and there wasn't really any seasoning to differentiate this food from something, like I said, that I could have just made at home. The price was $7.45 I think. But with tax and delivery, it was probably more like $8.50. I could go to a more authentic med place and pay less than that for a pita, and it would be packed with stuff. Which I'll probably just do next time! :)Won't order here again.
5	I once walked in to see a guy w a French fry salad. The guys at Coney Island will make my meal up just the way I like it. The burgers are fantastic! Customer service is excellent. BikeForce delivers too!
5	Hey folks myself and three friends from Atlanta had a craving for hot dogs, kinda like a cowbell moment! Gotta have! Anyway found Tyler's Coney Island, he (and staff) heck of a nice guy. We all ordered the Two Dog combo! Any two dogs, side and a drink! Excellent for $7.99! I got there Elvis dog and a coney darn good combo. We ALL would go back and recommend you do go also! They deliver to your table and clean up as well. Fresh brewed tea was excellent. Burgers looked great also, have to try one sometime.
5	Best burger downtown! Love this place! Order a cheeseburger and you will not be disappointed. The owner provides good customer service. The food is done fast.  P.s. I always request well done to prevent any pink in the middle.
3	I was craving gyro and this place was the closest option. I wasn't expecting the food to be good, but the gyro meat in the gyro picado salad! I was a bit disappointed in the salad itself though, as the menu claims that it has grilled onions and peppers, but there was none of that. Actually, now that I think about it, I think they just gave me a greek salad with gyro instead, which explains the feta sprinkled over the gyro. So service isn't great nor is it fast, but the gyro's pretty good and you can get a decent salad with plenty of meat for about $9.
3	I got a chicken pita with fries, and the food was so bland, even with the sauce. The fries also had no salt or anything on them, and the only flavor was the ketchup. Bland food, disappointing lunch.
5	I've been here twice with co-workers. It's a hole-in-the-wall place downtown and I absolutely love it! The vibe is so cool, the service is great, and the food is amazing! I highly recommend the Windy City Dog. It's so full of flavor and one simply isn't enough! I can't say enough good things about this place, go check it out for yourself!
4	This place is dope. It's divey, yet clean. The staff are friendly and the food is really good. A little above average price for downtown, so I gave it 4 stars. I would have given 4.5 if it was possible. I'll be back though.
2	Used to be better the last few times I have stooped and had a cheeseburger not very good. Fries still excellent but could work on burgers and not serve on cold buns for starters and maybe try new meat vendor.
