3	I unfortunately have had to visit these guys too many times since I bought my car in February, most recently for a most disheartening hit and run, in which myself and my car were the victims. I had really good service from the dealer and have been happy with   interactions with them since, but it is a completely different experience with the collision center. The staff is unfriendly, not very accommodating or particularly compassionate. I think they figure if a customer is going to the dealer for repairs then their minds are already made up and won't stray. Sad thing is, it is probably true. The work I have had done has been done well and been satisfactory, but bad service just drives me nuts. They do email updates on repairs which is helpful; daily if you choose so you can stay apprised on the status of your car as much as you'd like. For me this is a nice feature so you can see the progress and not feel like you are just lost in wait.
4	It's been a few weeks since I've gotten my car back from Camelback Toyota Collision Center, and I must say I'm quite impressed. Like Emily, my car too was in a hit and run, only I was inside a friend's house on Friday night at the time and came outside to find a not-so-sweet treat. Egads! The front passenger side quarter panel was crumpled, the headlight annihilated, and my hopes were dashed of having an pleasant three-day Columbus weekend. Fuming, I drove home in silence and plotted my revenge.The next morning I started the ball rolling with my insurance to get the necessary repairs. It took until Monday afternoon to finally get a commitment from them, and that was to take the car to one of their preferred repair shops (which I have no problem with, as I've not been involved in such an accident before and appreciated their suggestion). That led me to CTCC, where David processed my claim and even set up email notification of the progress on my car. It was like cyber messages letting me know he'd be coming home soon. How lovely.So, a week and a half later, I get my car back and it's cleaner than I ever remember it and runs smartly. Color me happy, because I'm already planning my next collision just so I can return...well, that and get another rental car. I guess my insurance doesn't completely suck ass.
1	I found them to be very unprofessional.  I will not use them ever again.
1	Nancy... I concur! Statefarm Insurance recommended this shop and i took it there because they said the service was timely and professional. Well they have had my Porsche Cayene for a month and it always a reason why it isn't completed. In addition, they have it set up so you get updated online and can view the status of the vehicle. The key is they have to actually update it and only happens when you make a request because several weeks pass and you hear nothing. Now, most people know insurance only covers rentals for 30 days. Well my 30 days is up today. Jeff, my rep was to call me back on Friday past for an update and now its Tuesday with no word. POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE ALL THE WAY AROUND!!!! I just pray the vehicle looks good!!!I will have to call Statefarm and let them know how much of a joke this company is!
1	They promised they would have my car fixed in under 30 days from massive hail damage.  Instead, they had it for 45 days.  I had to pay for two weeks of car rental out of pocket because they took so long, then it wasn't fixed right, and I finally had to have my insurance agent step in to force them to do the job right.  Very unprofessional, and I will never bring them my business again.
5	Wow! These guys were great they really took care of me and my poor car. The customer service was spectacular! I mean really! I would refer anyone here!Ask for Jared! He was awesome!
1	poor service took them 3 weeks to fix one darn bumper. NEVER do business with them EVER again.
