4	Love this place, especially the rebates from shopping!
3	It's a grocery store. It's pretty nice and pretty clean and has a pretty good selection (including a whole section/deli area dedicated to kosher foods). After moving from Carson City, it's a little hard to believe that a Smith's can be anything more than a total dump. The prices are reasonable and they have a Starbucks inside. My only gripe so far has come from hearing a manager (who stood oddly and uncomfortably close to me....repeatedly) being a genuine dick to an off-duty employee, telling her that she couldn't be in the store in uniform and that she had to go to the break room. He even gave her shit for eating on the floor. It was only after her repeated denials that he finally acknowledged that the food in question was actually his own leftovers from that morning. But like I said, it's a pretty good grocery store. I just wish someone would smack the little manager in the mouth once. Him and his crappy attitude cost his store a star. Dick.
5	I've been coming to this Smith's for many years and I love it. It's outside of Del Webb so I fondly refer to it as Geriatric Smith's but that's a good thing! The store is clean, well-lit, and with wide aisles to accommodate the scooter crowd. It's also quieter than most because it's not swarming with annoying children and their oblivious parents. Plus, since this store caters to the older demographic, I can find lots of Kosher, natural and reduced sodium options.
5	Now, I would never NORMALLY give Smith's a five star rating (I go to smith's because it is near my house, but a five, really?) but this particular smith's I went to because someone at Village Meat and Wine (see my review of them) told me to try this particular Smith's because of the Kosher experience.  I was looking for salt free matzo meal to make a cheesecake.  Sounds weird but honestly the cheesecake came out great.  I couldn't believe the Kosher experience.  It had everything you could need.  I immediately found the salt free matzo meal but took a few minutes to look around as this Smith's seems to have a lot of things others do not.  I will be back to this particular Smith's!
