5	A family member told me about Sam, the owner/mechanic/Artist in Residence of Affordable Auto Repair.  The Chevy Laguna was stopped in its tracks, unable to travel to smog station, the F-100 hemorrhaging far too much oil.  I drove truck over, Sam and I towed the Big Gal in and the work began.  I heard Sam is meticulous.  That he is.  He keeps the shop super clean, he dresses crisply sharp and is business-like.  The pickup needed the oil drain plug replaced.  Sam looked the price up from the auto repair database, quoted it, presenting me with the Ford Schematic of my engine to let me know he'd have to remove a motor mount.  Sam removed the pan, welded up the old drain hole, adding a new plug gasketed with copper to the side of the pan so I hit no stumps or rocks and tear it out.  He repainted the pan Ford blue, making me ashamed of the rest of the engine, and of course, changed the filter and oil.  He is the first of three service people to follow through and add a copper gasket to the drain plug.  Outstanding.  He charged and trouble-shot the Big Gal, found HER mystery leak.  He pulled the tranny pan, examined and cleaned the the tranny filter, buttoned it up, filled it with fluid, and off she went to pass smog the first time out.  Pricing was fair.  Sam is also an artist of many mediums.  His tile table tops are on the wall, a nicely styled base on the floor.  He's done abstract insulation foam installations painted colorfully.  Out back his next fire-breathing (for real) dragon is under construction.  He wouldn't touch the next work to be done on The Big Gal once her trouble shot it to the rear end, referring me to a specialist.  I was not so fortunate at another garage once.   "Oh sure I can do that."  Lie.  Really good business transactions with a spotless, meticulous mechanic working in a  clean garage, art added in, what's better?   The Big Gal able to make a real road trip.
5	Sam is super nice, knows his stuff cold, and is cheap to boot. How is that possible? Every time I've gone he has fixed my car's problems quickly and for a great price. He also lets me hang out while he's working and explains what he's doing - no secrets here. I would definitely recommend bringing your car here.
5	Sam is awesome. I have brought my wife's 84 Volvo in numerous times for small repairs. Sam always explains the issue and what the car needs before I get a surprise bill. Work is inexpensive and well done. He dresses very sharp and is very professional. I will never take my car anywhere else. I highly recommend this place, not just for great prices and work, but to support a small business and a stellar guy.
5	I already had the impression that Sam was a patient, upfront and competent mechanic based on the work he'd done on my employers vehicles. I recently bought a car and I had to get it repaired immediately. I had a quote for about $600 from another mechanic in PHX, so expected to pay about that much at Affordable Auto Repair. Instead I payed about half that price in total, including the replacement of desperately  needed brake pads. I thought Sam was really accommodating and I learned a couple things about my car in the short time we spoke. Also, he fixed it realllyyy fast. Thanks!
