1	This place is terrible.The food is very bland and the service is very slow. Also, the servers are dressed in lingerie, but it is by no means sexy. Spend you money, and your time, elsewhere.
1	Don't bother eating at the Quesadilla Restaurant located in the Imperial Palace Hotel, Las Vegas.  The food is tasteless, bland & forgettable.  Very disappointed!
2	Why on earth would I come here knowing that it had only 1 1/2 stars?  What else?  $25 Food Voucher!!!  For (basically) free food, I am willing to try it at least once.  The restaurant is upstairs in Imperial Palace.  It's not very big and has more of a sports bar feel to me than a 'restaurant'.  The decor consists of surf boards, bikes, and beer bottles.  Because I had already read the reviews, I didn't have a high expectation.  And sadly to say, my experience echos the other reviewers'  - service was slow (our food took awhile to come out) and the food was very forgettable.  I had the Pescado Con Limon which was Halibut filets seared in Baja spices, tomatoes, onions, lime and topped with chile cream sauce.Served with choice of flour or corn tortillas http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zwddv6HjTjDx9fOr3MFtwQ?select=hB3fA-cP6-lzHcSBbwsv9Q.  The fish was actually lightly breaded but had no seasoning what-so-ever.  There was very little Chile Cream Sauce and it failed to give the fish any flavor, too.  I tried adding salsa to it to make it a little more palatable.  However the re-fried beans was good.  My fiance had the Carne Asada Quesadilla.  He said it was OK (which means 3 stars).  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zwddv6HjTjDx9fOr3MFtwQ?select=kpFGF7KmvpDANgWV1hkfmQFree Chips & Salsa was served with every meal.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zwddv6HjTjDx9fOr3MFtwQ?select=CfnBEcYdntK0Ys2yJjFXjAThis restaurant is fairly new and it's a shame that the food fails to attract new customers.
4	we needed a small pick me up before donning our halloween get up and decided to try the hotel's mexican establishment. the price was reasonable and the food was very good. i had the fish tacos and they tasted like really good fish tacos. crispy and manageable (i love big food, but hate tacos that are so overstuffed, you wind up using a fork to eat them). the margarita was stiff and had just the right amount of salt on the rim. it's in the imperial palace, but don't let that get you down...the IP is a great place! and our waitress, contrary to other reviews, was pretty darn hot.
1	Quesadilla, located on the 5th floor of the Imperial Palace Hotel & Casino, is nothing more than spectacular that say, an average Hooters. They're almost the same kind of restaurant too. Both have women wearing very little waiting on you with the emphasis on cleavage, but very little emphasis on making the food remotely pleasing. Unless you have some kind of voucher that gives you free food from here or severely discounted food, at least, then you should probably check out places at different hotels. There's a lot of better options, I'm hearing. Unfortunately, I paid for everything. As I was signing the bill, the waitress moves down to expose her cleavage some more. I understand that this is the vibe of the restaurant but wow, I almost wanted to take away some of the tip that I was about to write in. They weren't the most flattering tatas in the first place. Definitely not sexy, I'm sorry. Anyhow, I bought the half chicken entree; I forgot the name of it but it has some fancy name, and the baja shrimp quesadilla. Neither of them had any real distinct flavor, tasting as severely bland as the restaurant's name.
2	4 stars for their mango margarita 1 star for service and 1 star for the food, that makes an average of 2 stars for the restaurant. Our waitress was unfriendly and slow. Food was just not good, beef and chicken were shredded and not identifiable as meat anymore, chicken tasted like tuna! Salsa was flavorless and tasted like water!?
1	Located on the 5th floor of the Imperial Palace Hotel, Quesadilla looks like a mix between a Chili's and Acapulco except it has much lower quality food and lacks their own bar. They have to share with 2 other restaurants.Food: 1/5 starsThe carne asada and carnitas meat were both dry and tasted like cardboard. The rice was bland and I think the only reason they added it to the plate was to take up room on the plate as well as your stomach if you can tolerate the taste.  If they're going to serve dry food, they should have the courtesy of giving us refills on our waters.Service: 3/5 starsNothing spectacular. They weren't really friendly and didn't check on us.
1	I decided to low-roll it my second night in Vegas and save the trips to the nice places for when everyone else hit town. So I found myself in the Inferior Palace looking for food. I'll admit it... I was planning to eat somewhere else until I saw the jiggling rack on a server walking by.I'm a sucker.The eye candy factor of hot waitresses in low cut outfits & push up bras is dulled by them spending more time gossiping with each other than checking on your table. The service totally sucked.The food? Meh. I didn't finish my chicken burrito because they did a lousy job of cleaning the meat off the bones and almost every mouthful left me picking cartilidge out of my mouth. Even if I were totally hammered, I wouldn't eat here again. It was that bad.And the primary reason for trying to eat at the IP was because I figured it would be cheap. Wrong again. Totally overpriced. Save your money and walk past the dump that is the IP.
1	Soo me and a friend just stopped in for a snack, since we were going to see a show, and it didn't start for another hour. The prices looked perfect, so we choose this place. So after waiting for about 10 minutes, a gentleman walked up and stared at us. He stood so close to me, it felt like he was hitting on me. I didn't know if it was an employee or a random person. He didn't say anything.. not "hello," not "how are you" "what can I get you?"  Nothing.. we looked at each other confused, and it was so awkward.We just started ordering so the uncomfortable feeling would go away. We ordered some nachos and he walked away. I already knew this place sucked just by that moment. The nachos were so gross.. the beans tasted like they came out of a can, and not a name brand can either. The chicken had NO FLAVOR at all, and you got some chesse topped on it. No sour cream, no sauces at all! Beans, cheese and chicken. This cost 10 dollars..He never came over to check on us, and it took forever to get the check. I think I heard him talked once during the 40 minutes we were there.
2	Came here for the taco deal 3 tacos for $5. It was decent at most, they were pretty much like the tacos you can get at taco bell. Service was kind of slow here. We only wanted the tacos to go but there wasn't anyone to take our order for a good 15 minutes until the guy at the adjacent bar came to the rescue. The tacos are not filling especially if you are partying and drinking after. Trust me in half an hour or an hour you will be hungry again.
3	Wow reading all of these reviews after I ate here would have definitely stopped me from eating here. Sorry yelpers I forgot to check it first...glad I didn't because we went here hungry after a long car trip from OC and wanted something budget friendly to try. Saw the ad for the tacos and margaritas special and we were sold...hey why not?? My hubby got a chicken quesadilla, another one in our group got the burrito special and I ordered the habanero wings...very tasty and spicy. We ended up ordering the extra $1 shot for our margaritas because for 2-bucks they were of course very weak so it was worth it....No this isn't that authentic or classy but it was good for a late bite in a hurry!
3	During our trip to Vegas, my fiancee Alicia and I really wanted Mexican food quite badly, and we didn't want to pay out of the @$$ for it.  So we opted for Quesadilla in the imperial palace.Armed with the negative reviews from Yelp, we proceeded with caution.  Upon sitting down in the restaurant, I noticed that one of my cardinal rules were violated.  (Rule #12 - Only eat in Mexican restaurants that display a crucifix and a likeness of "our Lady of Guadalupe", though rule #13 (silverware shouldn't match) is also good to observe in Mexican restaurants as well.)  So we ordered with caution."What would be hard to screw up?"  My clever fiancee asked me.  I looked back at her.  We immediately decided on passing on the Fajitas.  Instead, I opted for the cheese enchiladas and she opted for 3 ground beef tacos, which she asked for soft rather than hard.We also got 2 $2.00 strawberry margaritas.  At first, I didn't taste any booze (there wasn't much) but I felt a bit of a kick later.We then enjoyed the complimentary chips and salsa.  They actually serve you both freshly made pico and salsa.  The salsa is underwhelming.  I'd skip it.  However, the pico was quite good, and reminded us of Chuy's back in Dallas.  And we love us some Chuy's.The service was slow (especially since we were the only ones in the restaurant--we were there later than lunch diners usually eat), but not unresponsive.  When our food came out, it was warm.  Alicia's tacos were good, but I think I made the better decision.  The enchiladas weren't bad--they came with like a ranchero green sauce on one half of eacn enchilada, and almost a plum sauce (think: mole sauce) on the other side.  The beans were okay, but I was pretty hungry.  I didn't like the rice (though I don't usually eat my rice anyhow.)  Putting the pico (bite by bite) on my enchiladas provided an extra "kick" and further improved the dish.Anyhow, could have been much worse, though I would recommend going to a Tickets 4 Tonight counter and paying $2.00 to get half off your check prior to dining here.
3	I'm not sure why everyone seems to dislike this place so much, I had a pretty good experience here. We were seated immediately and got some decent chips and salsa (hot and mild). They seemed to be a little understaffed but our server did her best and the food came out very quickly. I had a carne asada quesadilla and I thought it was delicious. I haven't ordered a quesadilla at a restaurant since I was a little kid, but this was definitely a grown-up version filled with big chunks of meat, black beans, corn, and large slices of bell peppers. I really enjoyed it and they had good guacamole too. Oh - and the best part? $1 margaritas!! $2 for strawberry but only a single buck for original. Now that's a great deal. I'd definitely stop by this place again if I was looking for a low-priced and quick sit-down meal in the Imperial Palace area.
2	Came here for a snack.  Hash-a-go-go had a crowd.  The margaritas had a bitter taste.  Strawberry margaritas were too sweet.  Food was just okay.
2	Quesadilla - Imperial PalaceOverall 2 StarsGold Medal - Generous PortionsSilver Medal - Warm Tortilla ChipsBronze Medal - $1 MargaritasThe food here was nothing special.  The establishment was clean and there was no wait.  The portions were very generous.  The specials were the quesadillas.  I got the loco loco.  It came stuffed fat with plenty of meat and cheese.  It was good, not great but not bad either.  Just good.There is complimentary salsa and tortilla chips.  The chips were good, it came out warm and very crispy.  The salsa was just salsa.  Nothing extra tasty or special.  Seemed a bit dry to me.They had $1 margaritas.  For $1 what can you expect right.  Overall this place really is not that great or special.  The portions are big and the service was very good, but that is about it.HAPPY QUESADILLAING!!
4	The service sucked. The salsa n chip were very yummy! The cook is intertaining. . Will go again next time in vegas.
3	We bought a discounted thing at the half price ticket counter for Quesadilla.  We went in for a really late lunch and there were only a couple of other tables full.  I ordered a burrito and it had way too much pork filling.  I scooped most of it out so I could still eat the tortilla part.  The pork was fine but not delicious and I definitely didn't want to eat continuous forkfuls of it.  The rice and beans were good and the pico that came with the chips hit the spot.  We just ordered sodas since I am not much of a day drinker.  The bill came to around $30 even when our discount was applied.  Definitely not a cheap lunch but it was decent.
3	The food was good, but the service was horrible!!!  We were sitting for 20mins before asked what we wanted to drink.. our food took about 40 or so mins, our two waiters were just very chaotic, not one asked if we were doing okay mid meal, so about an hour before we actually got to eat.. nonetheless the food was good and the prices fair.
3	Went here for a late night dinner w/sister and husband. We are always in the mood for mexican food and plus we wanted some cheap eats with our food voucher from the lousy time share tours. Sooooo, what else should you order at a place called Quesadillas?! Thats right folks, quesadillas! One steak, one chicken, and one carnitas (pork). I must say they were all very good, hot and fresh. I love the grilled veggies in them and the chips and salsa were fresh. Not sure if the day of the week matters due to the low star count but I would go back there again. Decent prices and decent food.
2	Located in the imperial palace hotel. Food overpriced. Service seems slow, they got my order wrong.  The  tequila sunrise was pretty good. They offer  two types of salsa  with their chips. I ordered the fish tacos. The taco shell was dried out, the fish was also dry. The nachos I order was average at best. The plates the food was served in was extremley hot. I almost burned my fingers touching the plates.  I don't think any restaurant located in this hotel is good. I was disappointed.
1	Really bad food. Funky tasting quesadillas, burnt fajitas, stale rice and stale refried beans. The salsa had no flavor to it at all. I doubt this place gets repeat customers. You will be disappointed.
2	Ordered Cheese Enchilada combo meal to go, it looked better than the Korean place next door. Service was hella slow. I think I waited about 25 minutes for the order to come out, and it was still cold by the time I got back to my room.  The rice and beans were straight up nasty. I have had better beans from cans, and rice from the microwave. The cheese enchiladas were not that bad. It tasted like low quality cheese because there was a lot (and I love cheese) but it did not have much flavor, and was a bit chewy. This could also have had something to do with the fact that it was not hot. The red and green sauces were both good tasting. Portions were average to small based on Las Vegas standards.
4	I actually liked this place unlike most people it seems on here. We went last Friday and it was National Margarita Day, so of course we had to have the $1 Margaritas. They're more like slushies but you get what you pay for. I ordered the two chicken enchilada combo and thought it was good. Four people in our group ordered different quesadillas and thought they were all pretty good. My only complaint is the salsa- it is VERY bland. We had to doctor it up ourselves.
1	I wasn't really bothered when the host that sat us, also turned out to be our server.  It really didn't phase me when our order came out at two different times, four minutes apart.  I can't say that it chapped my ass when I realized our server/host, hadn't introduced himself, nor seemed to concern himself with asking how our food was until, our dining experience was nearly complete.  My party and I, were hungry, and had waited a half an our for the joint to open at 4PM.  We had just finished having a great time, and lots of laughs at Jeff Civillico's Comedy in Action show.  So, we were all in a great mood.  The little stuff wasn't really bothering me, or my party.However, after the food did arrive, and my taste buds were left wanting something that had some taste, I began to feel disappointed.  It was further excruciating when I had to wait an undo amount of time for a check.  Then once the check arrived, the rest of my party left the table to wait outside of Quesadilla's.  Meanwhile, five plus minutes later the server/host, who clearly had a nice smile, but zero service skills finally retrieved my credit card so I could finally put Quesadilla, and it's bland food behind me.In retrospect, after mulling over the bland taste of my sizzling chicken fajitas, I can see why the host/server decided not to ask how our food was until it had passed our lips and found it's way toward our gullets.  I understand that places like Quesadilla's do not require the need to build a local base with excellent service or tasty food, but it would be nice to see an effort.  Tourists beware, if you want something much more delicious, you may want to Yelp around a bit before entering this particular joint!
4	I am surprised by the low ratings. I am a big fan of their pico de gallo. I am actually pretty picky when it comes to Mexican food. My fajitas were very good. My only deduction was for slightly slow service.
4	Bueno. Definitely would eat here again. Good comida, fair prices, nice environment, good service. If I knew how to give 1/2 stars on my Android I would give 3&1/2 stars but I don't so I'll give 4.
4	This is a hidden gem!  My family stumbled on this restaurant when we went to a show at The Quad.  Need dinner before the show, but didn't want buffet nor fast food.  The Asian place next door was a bit too expensive so we came over to Quesadilla.  Service was friendly!  Food was delicious!  We loved the shrimp quesadilla and shrimp enchilada.  Carne asada was great too. Prices were very reasonable!  Yes, we would go back!
3	If you are not staying at The Quad, odds are you will never find this place. Access is via a narrow escalator and you may chance on it if you are watching a show donwstairs. The place is awash in a red glow (lighting) with surfboards hanging from the ceiling and a spacious drinking area out front. The menu is typical - tacos, quesadillas, burritos, ensaladas. It was not busy on a Friday night, and mostly families and older couples were in the restaurant.But we stayed because one thing caught our eye: $1 margaritas ($2 if you get the strawberry one). All night. No limits. Even on weekends.No lines and easy drinks? I am set. The long drive to Las Vegas began to fade away after the 1st couple of sips. I'll make do with the acceptable food.
1	I came here on a Saturday night with my Girlfriend as I was craving Mexican food. (I should have known better). Being from Los Angeles and Mexican I am very picky when it come to Mexican food as I always compare it to my Grandma or moms mex food). First, we came in and the ambiance was weird and nothing of Mexican culture except for the low rider bike on the ceiling and maybe the cooks. 2nd the waiter was nice and provided us with salsa and chips. Salsa was nasty and tasteless. 3rd I asked the waiter about the Carnitas plate and he highly recommend it. My girlfriend got the steak nachos (going for something simpler as they can't mess up Nachos). We'll let me say the Carnitas were awful and the nachos sucked. I would have rather eaten at Taco Bell. Probably better off. Man I was sooo upset. I asked to speak the manager. The manager of Asian decent ( nothing wrong with that but here's the reason why I said this) asked what was wrong. I said the food sir is not good at all and we cannot take another bite. He said its authentic mexican food. Really???? He was rude and just didn't care about our concerns and just took my girlfriends nachos off the bill. I just did not want to argue to a pointless issue. If you want better mexican food I would suggest eating off the strip where the locals go.
