5	I've recently begun working out at Barre Definitions and I've been really impressed. The classes are challenging, but the instructors are supportive and provide guidance for every fitness level. Barre fitness is great for toning, especially those difficult to train areas.
5	I am in love with Barre Definitions. I have done barre at other locations and it has always felt stuffy (the clients & the trainers), but here the trainers are challenging, supportive, fun & they are always smiling. I just finished my 7th class this morning and i can already see changes in my body. I am excited every time I get to go to class :) I would reccomend anyone to this studio.
3	Eh...I should start by saying that I've been taking Bar Method for over 3 months now and am completely in love with it...but due to the recent move to Vegas, I have to find a new Barre workout.  The thing about bar workouts is that form is SUPER important.  The teacher really didn't bother correcting anyone's form and I didn't feel like the moves were clearly explained.  Since I've been doing this type of workout for the last few months, I had a good idea of what I *should* be doing, but without the right explanation and corrections, the workout is not only ineffective, but (and I hate to sound totally lame saying this...) you can also hurt yourself.  It seemed like the moves were done too quickly and without enough reps to get deep enough to change your muscles.  Anyhow...take this review with a grain of salt, as I'm looking for something that will live up to Bar Method.  I'm still giving 3 stars because I like the way the gym was set up and because their monthly packages are great - $160/month for unlimited bar AND reformer classes!  I'm going back to try reformer classes this week as well.
5	Situated in a "Loft Works" area, Barre Definitions can be found by heading left when you enter the parking lot. They are right next to a business called "Contagious". The studio space here is amazing - very high ceilings, a lot of natural light and a lot of space (which is important to me since I tend to feel stunted when working out so close to someone). The bathroom is very clean, there are a ton of cubbies and even a couch if you are waiting on a class to wrap up. The receptionists here are always friendly and the instructor is usually in the front there to greet you as well/check in to see if you have any injuries they should be aware of. The instructors are all very energetic and have their own style about them. Noelle is great at checking your form and adjusting your posture (she is definitely the most in-shape pregnant woman I've ever seen!). Angela is great at giving very clear directions and motivating you throughout the whole class. Nami is just a beast when it comes to getting you going (her mat and cardio barre classes are extremely challenging, but she does still manage to make you laugh/smile in class). I'm used to carpeted barre classes, but the studio actually has "performance flooring" and you need to use a yoga mat. I thought at first the flooring would be hard on my knees, but the flooring and yoga mat actually helps with your stability, prevents slips and generally is just a lot less gross than exercising on a carpet other people have sweat into. There are also 3 different ballet bar height levels, depending on how tall you are. I usually opt for the mirrored wall so I can check my form (standard bar height). They also have a wide variety of classes throughout the week, but I do hope they add a 4pm-ish class time throughout the week since I get off work early. The attendance in classes is never packed, which means instructors give you a lot of personalized attention.  I had a 20-class Groupon that is almost depleted, but I really liked the fact that it didn't have a strict time period for use (i.e. use in a month only) since I frequently have to travel. I will definitely be back to the studio for more once I stop traveling back and forth to CA for work. Compared to other studio pricing I've seen, their $150 unlimited classes/month deal is very affordable. Thanks Barre Definitions for getting my workout routine going in Vegas!
5	Absolutely Wonderful!This studio is First Class all the way.Clean, well lit, open, spacious and inviting.There are 2 main areas... one with the barres and one with the Pilates Reformers.The classes are not held at the same time so as not to distract one another.There are several different types of classes to choose from and different instructors.All are Fantastic!First of all you don't need to be a ballerina or a dancer of any kind. Also this is not a high impact type of exercise so if you have bad knees or injuries, this is a really good type of exercise to do because there aren't any jarring/harsh movements like in a normal aerobic-type class.  Barre is all about small movements with a lot of reps and holds so that you really feel the burn and the shakes.  Muscles shaking = working hard = good sore = muscle tone later on.Basic Barre - this is a good starter class for folks who have not tried Barre before.  Of course, even if you are a veteran... this is a good class to do to focus on alignment and doing each movement correctly.  Plus... it's a slower class and slow = burn... you can't cheat in this class.Open Barre - A more advanced version of Basic Barre... more positions and transitions... a bit faster paced. Mat Barre - done mostly on the floor... this is an intense core workout... I love it and hate it at the same time.  I love it because you feel every muscle working... I hate it because I hurt for a couple days after.This studio also features yoga, ballet barre blend and Pilates classes.Plus, private sessions are available should you wish to book a specific time.I can't stress enough how Fabulous this studio is.I just wish it were closer to where I live so I could go more often.
