3	I was visiting from LA and first tried the PITA place which turned out to be a dump as far as service goes.... but I was surprised with OASIS.  Not too shabby... Good service....Friendly, and good hookah.
5	I had a great experience at this hookah bar. I heard that they were not good but me and my friends wanted to go and Oasis was the only one that was open at the time. Driving to it was great because I love the location in old town Scottsdale.We went in and were immediately helped, and we ordered cups of water and strawberry and peach hookah. They came back with the hookah pretty quickly and it was very smooth. The flavors were great and the combination was perfect. We then decided we were hungry and ordered some french fries. The portion was pretty good, the three of us shared it and we were content. The french fries were pretty good, i might add.The lady who helped us was friendly, talkative and relatable, and very accommodating. Later on a guy also came around to switch our coals so that the hookah wouldn't get harsh.The atmosphere was great, there were lasers and couches and a full bar. It was dimly lit which is perfect for a hookah bar. It wasn't too loud when we went. There was some kind of Middle-Eastern or Indian music playing which was interesting.I should also say that, being germaphobic, I made sure to ask if they cleaned their hookahs. The guy told me that he personally cleans the whole thing, and they even give each person a sealed disposable plastic mouthpeice.Last but not least, their prices were great.All in all a great experience, I would definitely go back.
4	Spent 4 days in PHX.  Went to 3 different Hookah lounges.  This one beats them all. PHX has a few locations but they are mostly very young college hang outs who offer little in terms of ambiance, food or drinks.  This one topped each one I found.  The owner is great. Mae the waitress is awesome.  The Hookah is good, the crowd at happy hour is mellow and by Midnight is a great club.  Good mix of music and nice, clean surroundings.
5	I can't believe I hadn't been here before yesterday!  Talk about a hidden gem!  I was taking a friend around to cross stuff off her "List of Stuff to do Before the World Ends" and smoking a hookah happened to be on it.  Therefore I googled places nearby us and Oasis popped up.As soon as we got there the guy at the door welcomed us in with a smile and opened the door for us and once inside the waitress/bartender helped us pick a table and took our drink orders.  We decided to get the peach hookah and an order of the Hummus and Pita Deluxe with beef.  The food was delicious and the hookah was great!  The staff was awesome the entire night as well.  Everyone kept checking on us to see if we needed anything and they would just stop and chat with us as well.  One guy was even helping my friend try to make smoke circles!  I definitely love that they're open until 4 am on Fridays and Saturdays too because it's always nice to have somewhere to wind down after all the bars close!
5	I used to live in AZ and would frequent Oasis and every time I go back to visit family and friends I always stop by. This is the go to place for hookah in AZ. They make great flavored hookah's and are happy to share and mix as many options as requested. They take pride in their hookah and their food is surprisingly delicious. They have music some nights and live entertainment too so be sure to check it out. Full bar and hookah til late also make this spot a frequent after club place to go.
4	Came in here tonight after The W Hotel/Living Room drove me away for a number of reasons. This place is across Buckboard from the W. Had never been in before. It's a hookah lounge/Mediterranean restaurant/pub. Ashley was my server, and she was very nice for taking care of the whole place on a somewhat slow Sunday night. I had the falafel wrap with the fries. Very tasty. Prices are very affordable, by Old Town standards. I will definitely be back!
4	First off, if you go here for the food, you've blown it. Not to say the food isn't good, it is, but if you're going to hooters for the wings, you've already failed. We stayed a block or two away from this shisha bar with a kitchen tucked in behind the W and near Mint, and wound up smoking/eating/drinking there several times over the course of the week. It became our last call spot, golfcarting there after a night at Gilligans or Bungalow. Sit outside, smoke some shisha, watch the Persians smoke and play cards and snap quips at each other in farsi...it's an experience. The food was good enough that we even got it to go and munch late, late night, back at the ranch. Dogfish 90 minute in bottles was all I remember, but that's a barometer for a decent beer selection if I've ever seen one. Definitely a cool spot.
5	I had a great hookah experience with a couple of friends.  Sara and Shawn kept the drinks and hot coals flowing.  The hookah had a cantaloupe bowl with long-lasting coconut shell charcoal cubes.  For some extra fun, request a bubble blower!  The location is excellent as it is walking distance from many bars and the W Hotel.
3	To say that I'm quite a hookah connoisseur would be an understatement. First off, service is excellent. "Cort" I believe her name was, did a fab job making sure we were taken care of. The hookah unfortunately was not something I would recommend to an actual hookah fanatic. I ordered Al-Fakher watermelon mint and what I got was far from it. Neither watermelon mint or premium Al-Fakher tobacco. Boo :( Asides that, great service, great DJ and sound system. Perfect for a relaxing night out over the weekend.Note: good hookah is never served in plastic pipes. Just saying.
1	this place used to be really good. But now it is absolutely disgusting and ghetto. $25 bucks for shitty hookah and shitty service? No thanks.And overweight employees in booty shorts? I'd rather keep my appetite. ew.
3	This place really isn't bad for a hookah bar. If you're looking for a place to eat, I wouldn't recommend coming here. Grab a bite before hookah! (The food isn't terrible, but the prices for what you get just isn't worth it-- almost $9 for a falafel wrap with 3 small falafels inside). Hookah is moderately priced as well, about $16. Other than that there isn't much to rave about. The service is very so-so, and the atmosphere is a little weird. Neon lights flashing around all the time isn't the most relaxing, but it's not terrible either.
1	If I could give this place negative zero stars I would.  Went here with a couple friends to eat, drink, and of course hookah.  The food was horrible and the hookahs are soooooo old and shitty!!!!  Do not waste your time going here. The decor needs to be updated, pillows that are in the seating area have stains on them....gross!!!!
5	I always go to this hookah lounge. I've been to majority of the hookah lounges in Arizona and this is by far my favorite hookah lounge. The hookah is clean and refreshing, tastes smooth and isn't harsh. The atmosphere is very upbeat. They have a live DJ who does take music requests. The servers are amazing. May is the best server. Shes friendly, energetic, always eccentric, and provides phenomenal service because she's not only prompt but she always gets things correct and does an amazing job. The food is incredible. My top 3 favorite dishes are the spicy chicken egg rolls, the humus and the lamb shawarma. Me and my friend are regulars at this hookah lounge and come multiple times a week and we always order food because it always amazing and fresh. My top 2 favorite hookah mixes are blue mist with safari Mellon dew and blue mist with tooty fruity. Keep in mind for all of you who are 21 and up, they have a full service bar and the chai they feature is delicious. If you want a great night out with music, drinks and food, amazing service and hookah.. then you are crazy if you don't go to oasis cafe. -Jason
5	Really nice Place, Just got remodeled, Great service the Hookahs are really good and the only place in Scottsdale with all the Good Flavors. Really good food authentic  taste for a great price. I would definitely recommend this place to relax and bring your friends. Looking forward to coming back
4	Had a fun night here.  I haven't been to a hooka bar in 10 years!  We went for drinks and hooka.  Staff was friendly, decor is nice.  They are a bit pricey but I guess that can be expected in old town!
5	I was visiting from Orange county and decided to take a break and have a hookah.   This place was perfect.   It was quiet, cool and had a great atmosphere.   The waitress was excellent.   She constantly came by to check on us.  I would recommend the Oasis to anyone who is looking for a local hookah lounge in Scottsdale.
5	Best Mediterranean food , Great customer service , highly recommended .If you like to smoke the hookah they also have it
5	When we came out to AZ we gave this state two or three stars cause there was not much to do. But after this lounge experience, is been upgraded to 4 or 5 stars!  Worth the 6 hour drive from San Diego. Afterall, it's not everyday that you come across a place that has a full bar, food (really delicious chicken kabob) and every flavor of hookah you can think of.  The service is exceptionally great! Alex and the entire serving staff were absolutely delightful and hospitable. Def recommend to any shisha conneseuer.
5	Great hookah selection, tasty authentic Lebanese cuisine, full bar, and fantastic service. Imad (server) is always on top of his game and will make sure you are more than satisfied with your experience at Oasis. Come here to end your night out with friends or stop in earlier to relax and get a light buzz, either way you will be glad you chose this place over any other hookah destination.
