3	This theatre is much less noisy than the popular Playhouse, and it's only now the festival period is coming up I found out it existed!Traverse Theatre's not too far off from Lothian Road and has several shows on this year. It describes itself as a "writing theatre"; I really have no idea what this means, even after googling it. I do know the place is a whole 47 years old, and puts on a lot of contemporary style plays. From a glance at the programme, you'll see some comedy, as well as some extremely odd title; enter "Flesh and Blood, and Fish and Fowl". There's also a Traverse Bar in the building.Throughout the year you can buy tickets from their box office on a Sunday, if something's on, but I have a feeling the festival period will be quiteeeee packed with back to back plays.
4	In my opinion, the Traverse is one of the most exciting performance venues in the city, simply because what it puts on is always fresh and experimental.  With a commitment to promoting new writing in Scotland, this theatre is the place to come if you're prepared to take a risk on something different, rather than stick with old and familiar favourites.  I recently came here to see a show that was part of a festival of puppetry, and was blown away by the ingenuity of the performers.In a modern building near the Usher Hall and the Lyceum, the Traverse has found a place in Edinburgh's miniature theatre district, and the space has a contemporary aesthetic that is in keeping with the kind of innovative plays it puts on.
5	The Traverse has quite captured my heart. I've not been there during the year, I'm afraid (not being a permanent resident of Edinburgh, sob) but during festival season the Traverse can be trusted to put on the most impressive array of shows, most of which are amazing. Granted, I'm a 'theatre person' so my opinion is probably a bit biased, but I'm usually very impressed by the offerings at the Traverse. Even if I don't like a show, it's never all bad - there's something good to each show, whether it's the writing, the acting, or the technical aspects. The Traverse focuses on new Scottish playwrights, although during the festival many international companies come through as well. It probably hosts the largest concentration of Fringe First winners of all the venues, and each show is on a highly professional level. As for the venue itself, there are two theatres - a bigger, traditional space and a smaller black box theatre, and there's not a bad seat in either house. There's a coffee shop upstairs and a bar downstairs, and one can usually hobnob with the actors in the bar after a given show, which makes theatre that much more accessible. As far as quality goes, the Traverse is hands-down my favorite venue in Edinburgh.
4	The Traverse is Edinburgh's only truly modern professional theatre. While other theatres have had refurbs over the last few decades (and the Kings is having one as I write) this is a new theatre. This is also reflected in the productions. They are fresh new writing, sometimes so fresh they are unfinished but more often highly original and attracting a broader range of people to the theatre.Of course the Traverse does well during the Fringe and scoops many awards. Even at the Fringe though this theatre doesn't just go for easy hits there are some misses too with the emphasis on new work.Not all the theatre occurs in the two theatres, my favourite recent Traverse production took place in a bar on Broughton Street - Barflies in the Barony was a wonderful example of site specific theatre. The Traverse making theatre feel fresh again.
4	I respect the traverse theatre.Much like The Bush Theatre in London, they specialise in new writing which is often very edgy, exciting and thought provoking! If you are in Edinburgh and want to go to the theatre, I'd recommend The Traverse before any of the other theatres!
4	I'm sure this isn't my first visit to the Traverse Theatre, I'm sure I've been here when i was much younger but can't remember it.How could I forget about such a place/venue? This venue is funky!On this occasion I was visiting, it was for Scran Salon (foodie chat) and was treated to some of the little nibbles from the new menu - they were all very tasty (calamari, burger and crab ravioli).The bar area is quirky and big enough for meet ups or socials, not sure what it's like on an actual theatre night tho.
4	Decent Edinburgh theatre which hosts indie/some of the more unusual productions. Acoustics and sound good in the theatre.This time I was visiting the bar for Scran Salon. Decent sized bar with some seating - the back area is cute with quirky booths.Drink reasonably priced, didn't try food this time so not sure what gluten free options are available.
4	The Traverse has been a venerable institution in Edinburgh theatreland for many years. Way back in the mists of time, before the Edinburgh Fringe Festival grew into its current dinosaur-size boots and was still stumbling around in kiddie shoes, the old Traverse Theatre Club that was hidden up a close off West Bow in the Grassmarket was the de facto 'Fringe Club' where everyone gathered late of an evening to catch up with fellow Fringe-goers, watch a play, or just hang out in the exceedingly cramped bar hoping to absorb some of the hip theatrical vibrations that oozed from the gathered glitterati. The new Traverse hasn't quite managed to embody that same vibe, but in its place it has a fantastic main theatre space, which has tried hard to capture the feeling of the old Trav with its configuration of bench seating and a fairly 'open' stage arrangement. It's a great space for experimental drama, which is the mainstay of the Traverse, but it doesn't always work for some shows that require a more conventional 'proscenium' style approach. They also have a smaller studio theatre, but I've only ever seen that used as a rehearsal space and have never seen a show there.The only downside to the place is that everything is deep underground and if you are in there for more than a few hours you start to feel like a caveman and find yourself shielding your eyes and squinting furiously when you emerge back out into the daylight.Still, it's an exciting venue and the bar area is great - large and roomy, it serves pretty good nosh during the day and is a lively place at night before and after the show. It's roomy enough to be able to find a quiet corner for a group meeting during the day, and it has free Wi-Fi and good coffee. It's an oft-overlooked refuge in this part of town but definitely worth checking out at any time of day.
