4	It's nice to see a big place like Tempe Marketplace actually have a large number of dining options that are not the usual suspects.  Instead of Panda Express, we are blessed with Yum! Yum! China.  Their menu is nearly identical to Panda's with the predictable 2 or 3 item plate and their food offerings are all pretty similar too.  However, while they may share the same types of food, the tastes are actually vastly different.  In general, I think it is safe to say the food at YYC tastes fresher, like it was cooked more recently.  They also keep smaller portions on hand instead of the giant heaps of food you find at Panda.  Also, I have found that the weird "off" taste that usually accompanies Chinese food, like when you eat Beef and Broccoli and it leaves a film in your mouth, is not carried with YYC food.  If you go here, I definitely recommend the Orange Chicken.  It is so good.  They call it spicy, but it definitely isn't, instead it is more of a sweet heat thing with a lovely tangy orange sauce coating perfectly fried little rounds of chicken.  Possibly my favorite thing about this place is that actual Chinese people run it, and they are all very nice.  If I am eating "ethnic" food, I want that particular ethnicity to be running it.  I find it weird to be served Chinese food by Mexicans, but that's just me.  If you need a quick and tasty option at the Marketplace, you should stop by here.  If anything you can get a free sample outside the doors.
4	I really love this place.  The girls that work there crack me up and they can get you in and out quicker than anywhere else in the Marketplace.  Their prices are decent and their food is great.  The orange chicken is some of my favorite.  This place is very much like Panda Express but thankfully doesn't have that terrible Panda flavor (eww, panda flavor).  Bri sums up this place pretty well.
2	I tried Yum Yum right before a movie at Tempe Marketplace.I ordered a combo plate with chow mien, orange chicken, beef broccoli and BBQ pork. You can get several types of combo platters with either chow mien, rice or fried rice.The chow mein had almost no flavor. Probably the worst chow mien I can recall having in some time or ever.The Beef Broccoli was good and flavorful, but not means exceptional. I wish there was a bit more beef.The BBQ tasted pretty good, but had quite a bit of fat/gristle on my pieces. Not a fan of that. I had to nibble around the fat pieces. The orange chicken was superb! I would go back for this item.Compared to other buffet, fast food Chinese places, Yum Yum falls short in the number of menu items and quality of their food.  The dining area is pretty big and has a TV. Drinks are from the fountain.Overall, some menu items were good, but others were sub-par.2.5
3	I went here today with my boyfriend and I'm not sure what to think. It's basically a cheaper less tasty Panda Express. The staff was friendly and they had Mr Pibb (which is an instant extra star from me) I only ate the orange flavored chicken nuggets but I tasted his orange chicken dinner and it was just okay. (Great prices though.)Basically if you want three scoops of okay food for the price of one scoob of the good stuff you'd get at Panda Express, come here. Some people like quantity over quality.
2	Pros - inexpensive, large portions, the cheese puffs or crab ragoon as we call them at home were awesome!! If I go back, that's the only thing I'll order.  These rice was not edible....Cons - food was so/so; just average.  It was quick and easy.
4	I'm not sure what the other reviewer is talking about. If you don't want to spend $9 for 'Asian' food next door from Genghis grill and you're near the movie theatre come here. This is actually a relaxing break from Panda Express. I cringe every time I think of Panda Express.This is a review about Yum Yum, don't get me wrong, but let me tell you why you should come here instead of Panda. Practically everything at Panda is dipped in some cornstarch concoction and fried. That leaves for a large volume of your meat being starch. This place is awesome, because they don't do that crap. The mongolian beef is all beef and plenty of vegetables. The mandarin chicken is less fatty than Panda, at Panda the chicken is fairly fatty. Anyways, I like this place a lot for the reasons I've already listed. The taste doesn't overwhelm you like it does at Panda. Yeah, Panda is good the first three times you try it, after that its rather bland and maybe even gross. Service here was excellent. Came in, got a smile, got my food, they were willing to do half chow mein, half rice. Awesome. Pricing is good, thus, value is good. Its a little too Pandy Express ish, everything looks like Panda, it tastes better though. If they could get a little creative and invdividual, they'd be 5 stars.
4	Today, my friend and I were in the mood for some easy, fast, inexpensive eats so we stopped into Yum Yum China.  I'm going to rate it for what it is... an Americanized fast-food Chinese place.  It's like Pick-up Stix or Panda but, it tasted a bit healthier and was a bit less expensive.  We (2 girls) split the 3 item combo and still had a little left-over.  My favorite was their broccoli beef.  The broccoli was crisp, not overdone like some places, and the beef was super tender.  I also liked the kung-pao chicken but beware, it's really more spicy than you might expect.  That's a good thing, imo, but my friend couldn't eat it.  Only note is that there were hardly any peanuts in it. :(  The orange chicken was, of course, sweet and tasty as well.I'd definitely stop in again for a quick, inexpensive bite to eat!Might see ya there!
3	The people that work here are super nice, but I would not go out of my way for the food. Some items are a bit dry for my taste. Honestly, I feel like it's the same price as panda express, but not as good. Yes, it's inexpensive, but I'd probably recommend going to axxio (slices) instead for a less expensive meal.
1	Bad... food was horrible... do not waste your time or money
3	This restaurant is a place to go for fast food Chinese. It is not authentic Chinese place far from it. The fried rice there is very good and the chicken terryaki is okay. I have eaten at this place since they opened. Real simple food with slight asian flair. Nothing special. Staff is always friendly and super nice.
3	This is a pretty ideal place for a college student or whomever may be on a tight budget. Our meals were six bucks and at least three pounds of food each. I don't really see a difference between Yum Yum and Panda Express, it's okay enough white people Chinese food. Three stars for value and extremely quick service.
2	My son and I ate here for lunch last week and it was pretty bad. Everything was really sweet. The crab wontons tasted like cheesecake with fake crab meat. It was just wrong. I felt sick afterwards. Not sure if they use MSG or not, but I'm guessing they do.
3	YUM YUM China! Catchy right? Panda should sue cause its basically the same thing. Pandas an 8 and YumYum is a 7 although I did go in right when they were closing. It was cheap and cream/crab puffs were pretty dang NomNomable.
4	They have really great service here and are always super nice and helpful.  I like them way more than Panda Express, they have huge portions and their food is more flavorful than Panda.  The only thing I don't really like is that their chow mein seemed dry and lacked flavor.. but my husband and I got there a little bit before they closed so maybe it was because of that. All in all, I wouldn't mind going back there, the service is outstanding compared to the rudeness of the employees over at Panda.
3	Nothing special. A pretty standard fast food chinese spot. Got orange chicken foolishly expending Panda Express...but no dice. I'd probably come back.
1	Terrible. Should have taken nobody in there as a sign. I would say this place ranks below Panda Express. Food tasted FUNKY. I will not be back.
1	Food was okay. The place was empty. I felt bad because I hate seeing local places struggle!
2	Their food sits there for a little while so the food can be a bit dry. I went to get more soda and their soda was flat. So the lady asked me, "Why do you keep getting drinks?" Why would you ask a customer that question?! I told her the drinks are flat and I was better off with water. She can be a bit rude- she has shorter hair. The lady with the ponytail is always nice =) It's an alright place but I think they should add more food on their menu.
3	Even though the place was empty, the food which was on display looked very fresh, and it was.  I ordered a two item combo with fried rice for $6.25 and was completely surprised at the amount of food in the container.  The portions were far larger than expected and the quality was good.  I would certainly go back & hope that others would do the same.  The staff was friendly and greeted me with a smile upon my arrival.  Even a bottle of water was only $1.25.
4	Closed down:-(
