5	I have to give props to the Orchard in Chandler. My laptop was dropped, screen side down, onto my tile floor causing the entire display glass to shatter. I took the computer to Apple at the Mall and was advised the only repair they could do was to replace the entire upper display unit including the metal case to the tune of $450.  The rep at Apple suggested I look around for another place that would be able to replace the glass only. They wrote down a few places they recommended including the Orchard. I hadn't given much thought to the Orchard initially and decided to try to replace the glass myself. Many curse words/broken glass/hair dryer/tweezers later I came to my senses and took the computer to a professional. I did a quick search online and found this location right around the corner.  The tech at this location greeted me promptly and advised he would be with me in a few moments as he was swapping out a hard drive out. Meanwhile I checked out the computers they had for sale and waited a total of 5 minutes.  I brought the computer up when it was my turn and was happy to hear the LCD was not damaged by my attempted repair.  The tech reassured me they would still be able to replace the glass and had seen much worse. Only downside was that they had to send it to their Mesa store for the repair. Total cost just under $100 since I already had the glass screen. Much easier to stomach than the first figure. I also dropped the computer off on Sunday afternoon and it was back on Tuesday. I checked through my files and made sure everything and the new screen worked/looked just like the old one. I was very happy with their level of professionalism and speedy repair.
5	The orchard fixed my iPod Touch's broken glass quickly, I paid less than I thought I'd have to for it, and they were very friendly the entire time :-)
5	Love these guys. Bought my Mac book here about a year ago, got a great price and a great product. I recommend all my friends and family here for all apple needs. Just went in today too needing a new power cord. The guy working tested it and gave me an honest answer about where to get a new one. Keep it up Orchard great customer service and product. Love supporting local business too!
5	These guys saved my life! my Macbook Pro died on me the day before my midterm! They were able to fix my laptop and save all the data in 45 minutes for under $100! Even the Mac store couldn't do that! I'm gonna use them anytime I have mac problems in the future and you should too.
2	Please read carefully. This is based on my experience only. I bought a used macbook pro from them about 1.5 years ago for 850 with tax. It is the unibody all silver with silver keys. A year later, the screen would not come on. They said it must be something in the air cuz several people had the same problem. No warranty on parts but service was free. 400 for new motherboard cuz cant just replace chip. At the time, it was not made clear to me this was a used mb and there was only 30 days warranty. I thought my mb had the defective chip installation taken care of. Two weeks ago, the mbp went out again. Once again "there must be something in the air because several other people have had the same problem recently" is what they say, no warranty and 400 bucks again. I looked up this issue and found apple admitted there was a problem with this model several years ago. I asked orchard if they knew about this problem and still chose to sell this model. They said some never had this problem so it was ok for them to sell. So after 1200 bucks I have a dead laptop that I was never warned about. If I replace the mb it could go out again. Since then, I bought a 13" 2011 from craigslist for 600 cash. I would not buy from here again because no warranty on parts and I feel that they would not have a problem selling me another potentially defective product without warning me. So I see no reason to pay more to them than someone on craigslist or ebay since there is no parts warranty after 30 days. I do want to say these guys are very friendly and their service is ok.
5	The screen on my Macbook Pro was a bit wobbly and needed to be tightened down. The Mac Store at the mall told me i would have to pay 300 dollars for a new screen. I brought it to The Orchard and they tightened down my wobbly screen for absolutely free. They were quick and friendly unlike the condescending losers at the Apple Store.
5	A little over a year ago I had to replace my MacBook Pro due to spilled coffee that caused irreparable damage. The staff at the Orchard was very helpful in setting up a trade that wouldn't break the bank but would replace my computer with a similar model.  Yesterday, I again went to Orchard to ask for assistance with reconnecting a loose cable on my optical drive - it had been shaken loose during a long drive.  I knew it was a minor task but was hesitant to open the unit myself.  Andrew found the problem and fixed it very quickly for me.  Both times I have been back up and running in short order.  Thanks so much for the great service!
4	I went to the apple store to get my Mac looked at and they said the hard drive needed to be replaced. They said they are only able to put the same size hard drive in that I currently have. I wanted to upgrade the size since it was only another $50, but were not "able" to do that due to their policy. I need it fixed ASAP but I would have to leave it with them for 3days. That was not an option for me, so they gave me the name and number to 3 apple certified repair companies called all 3, one retuned my call and was similar story with the turn around time. So I searched for Mac repair in chandler found the orchard and they upgraded my Hard drive size and put in a ssd in 3hours and was back up and running same day! Works great and customer service was amazing. I would highly recommend The Orchard for any computer repair!
5	The Orchard is definitely a must-visit place to take your Apple products! These guys are super helpful and will walk you through any issues you may have. Would recommend The Orchard over Apple Store anyday!
5	I'm going to rate the Orchard for what they advertize themselves as... a place that repairs and services electronics (specializing in Apple products).Relative to this particular service, The Orchard is great.  My son dropped our iPad and manged to beak the case, the crystal, and one of the buttons all at once.  I thought for sure the thing was doomed.  I called around and these guys were the cheapest by about 25%.  Their turn-around time wasn't blinding (I think it was 5 days), but given the degree of damage, I was just happy that it was repairable and that the price was so reasonable.  It was actually done a day or two early and they were good about communicating both once they found out exactly what was wrong and when it was done.Based on the discussion I had with the tech when I brought it in and the discussion that the person in front of me had with the same technician, I could see how purchasing a computer here might not be the best idea.  The guarantees are somewhat limited and what they can do is also a bit limited.  But having said that, given the upfront cost of Apple products and what the people here are able to fix, the vast majority of the time it's going to be money well spent here to get your iPad/Pod/Phone back up and going again.Overall  I can't comment much on buying computers here, but I give them very high marks for their repair work and the cost effectiveness of that work.
