5	Twisted Rose's pulled pork is best thing here!  Shout outs to Brat Haus and Deseo.  And a lot of places bringing their A-Game.  Z-Tejas citrus lime ahi, North, Sassi, many others.  Even Orange Sky has something great.  Taggia at Foresky has amazing gnocchi w pork.  And Pietini's apple cobbler is a treat.Oh, Oh, Campfire Grill @Tom Thumb is here!!! I'm in  bbq pulled pork taco heaven now!  If they'd brought their bourbon pecan pie then I could die happy right now!Honorable mention: Hyatt Regency's chocolate tarts.  I ate 3
4	Fun times at the 9th Annual Phoenix Cooks! event. :)I thought the venue was great, and extra points that the event benefited the Phoenix Children's Hospital (an organization very dear to my heart)!There was a variety of wine and beer samplings (though, I do wish they had a wider Cabernet selection...I think there were only 2 stands that served Cabernet, and by the time I found them they were already all out).Fleming's Steakhouse had a very nice prime rib sample, and I really enjoyed Mastro's lobster mashed potato cup! Hyatt's mini chocolate/caramel tarts...mm mm good. Overall, a very fun experience with friends and fellow food enthusiasts.
4	This was a fabulous event.  I can't believe I was able to see Jon and Amy H.a few times.  The place is so big and it was pretty crowded, but it was flowing at a good pace.  I had no trouble getting samples of the items I wanted.  I didn't try everything, because I think it is physically impossible, although my hubby my disagree.  Twisted Rose had the Pulled Pork stuffed apple, really delicious.  I also loved Mastro's lobster and mash.  The Hyatt scallop was so delicious as it was the little chocolate caramel tart.  I think my husband must have had 6 or 7 of them.  I also was able to chat with the lovely Becca H. for a few minutes.  I loved the location, last time I went to Phoenix Cooks was a long time ago, when it was at the Biltmore.  I like this location much better.
4	This event was a lot of fun, but, I must say, it wasn't as awesome as other similar events HOWEVER, I did like that the money went to charity for this event. This event was super packed and, at times, I felt a little cattle like trying to get from place to place, but at other times it wasn't so bad. They had delicious lobster mashed potatoes from Mastro's and a few other tasty items (the food from Brat Haus, the little chocolate torte thing, the taco from Tom's Thumb, the wine/chocolate pairing station, press coffee, the tuna with coconut rice from Deseo (I think), the amazing gnocchi from Taggia etc), but a lot of the food was mediocre at best and also a lot was served cold (and not on purpose *cough* Flemings *cough* ) or was just plain bad (caketini...sorry guys...ugh). I agree with Pepper that it was kind of lame that large chunks of the event were taken up by places like Fry's or the tortillas you buy at the grocery store....not really what I went to the event to try. I think I liked Devoured better, but this event was still pretty fun. Thanks for posting it Becca!
4	By and large, I greatly enjoy Phoenix Cooks! It's become a annual tradition for myself and two friends, who fly in for itThe food is wonderful and there's plenty of it. And any time a children's charity benefits from an event...I'm 100% on board!My only criticism is - I thought the years the event was held at the Marriott Desert Ridge were MUCH better than the last couple of years at the Westin Kierland. In its current location at Kierland, parking is horrendous, crowds are stifling and there just isn't a good display and flow for the PCH raffleNot entirely sure the reason for the switch, but I'd love for it to back to Desert Ridge! It's a slightly longer drive to get there, but it more than makes up for it, as a much better venue!
