5	The dish was awesome and I'm so happy to find a good place to spend with my family and friend.
5	The Best foodie place for Authentic Persian foods. Kebabs, sabzi, tikkas are wonderful here... Mouthwatering, even now if I get to just think abt the foods there... Go and experience it in a fantastic ambience. A MUST TRY Restaurant in the valley !!
4	I went to this place with my wife a few days ago. She was amazed with the ambiance, atmosphere, music, design, and of course food. We kind of happened to stop by, since we were in the mall anyways, and I am glad we did. Customer service is great, but you can tell they are in the process of establishing themselves. Long story short - try it out. I would definitely recommend this place.
5	Yummmy yummy yummmy worth it I love everything I ordered. I ordered the platter kabob mix it was delicouse and the hummus was tasty ....
5	Great spot hidden at one of the entrances of Paradise Valley Mall.  Food was great and service was outstanding.  Decor was very nice inside and clean.  Nice little gem at the mall will be back for sure.
4	Went with my mother in law and sister in law who is Persian. Bought the $30 Groupon for $60 worth of food and we were able to order almost the entire menu! Food here is really good and authentic. My sister in law approves! It's only been open for about one month and didn't have everything on the menu available yet, but we made do! They also didn't serve alcohol just yet, but they have a really cool bar set up that will be money once it's up and running. I live right around the corner from here so I will definitely stop in when I have a Persian food craving. Bonus is that they have hookah's here too! :)
4	Excellent food! We tried a few things, lamb kabebs, tikka kabebs, and kubedeh plate. Everything tasted great.The ambiance is a touch odd, but good food.
1	Just purchase coupon called them to confirm  they said you need 24 hours notice we only in town for tonight it dose not say any thing about that on the voucher and I thing all the review are fake  on this place
5	I love this place! It took me a while to finally pay a visit but I did it! My first visit here, I didn't eat. My friend and I just say outside and smoked hookah which is AMAZING. As a hookah fiend, I know good hookah! We smoked for two hours and it didn't get harsh! 2nd visit. My friend and I came to finally try the food. I got the khoresht gheyme, which is the split pea stew with beef and it came with rice; it was pretty good. My friend ordered the afghan puolo (I think that's what it was called) but it was DELICIOUS!! So fill of authentic flavors. I definitely recommend that dish. I ordered the doogh, which is the yogurt drink and it was very refreshing. After we ate, we went outside and ordered a hookah and I got a cup of tea. Hookah, again was excellent. Tea was good. They have "ghand", which are just sugar cubes you have with your tea instead of sweetening it with sugar. My friend ordered the dessert called "bamieh" (okra is also called bamieh, FYI) so make sure state which one you want. They were ok. Our bill was ridiculously cheap. We expected to pay a lot more than we did. The servers are super cute and nice. I haven't had a problem with their service. They are very personable at times. They even stayed open an hour later than usual because I wasn't done getting my hookah fix. The place is still new so it's still dead but it has great potential. We will be back.
3	The tea was really good and the appetizer was outstanding. Unfortunately, the main courses were bland and under-seasoned. I think this place is good mall restaurant, but there are better choices around for Middle. eastern. Also, they need to rethink some of the design; the place is already showing wear and tear. The staff are very nice.
3	My boyfriend and I decided to try out Persian king. We were drawn to it through their Groupon and made the trip from Tempe to Paradise Valley. It's a nice place with a lot of potential. The room is spacious and the decor is not so bad. The food was disappointing. We ordered tadigh with ghormeh sabzi. The waitress told me that there might not be any which I found weird because most places make rice daily and usually have an abundance of tadigh left over. After a few minutes we received the tadigh which was soft. Tadigh is supposed to be hard and the stew is supposed to make it softer. This was not the case since the stew wasn't even on it yet. The ghormeh sabzi was over seasoned and had two different types of beans. Usually it's either one or the other, but even so it was not terrible. Next we got the kabobs. My boyfriend ordered a chicken barg which looked more like joojoo kabob and I ordered koobideh. The koobideh was under seasoned to say to least. My boyfriend said the chicken kabob was good though. The service was decent. They checked on us a few times and made sure we were okay. Granted there were only 2 tables including us, but none the less attentive. I probably will not be going back. I'd rather go a few miles up the road to Persian room in Scottsdale, but it is a bit more pricey.
1	We visited this place last night with a $60 Groupon that we purchased for $30. My  wife is Persian so let me start by clarifying that this place is not Persian but Afghan so is the food.  The menu is extremely limited and the food bland and below mediocre. I am Greek and I don't think I ever had a worst Greek salad. (pitted olives from a can? Come on guys !!)  Mediocre is also the service. To the credit of the waitresses, they try hard but they appear to never received any type of training. For example, instead of refilling the water glasses on the table, they will take them and bring them back full, so now you don't know who's glass are you getting. The butter for the rice is coming to the table ice cold, so there is no chance of ever melting. We order kebabs and a couple of stews but had to ask for bread (to eat with the stew since there was no rice) which when it came was just plain pita bread. The reason I am writing this review at 1 am is because I woke up with stomach cramps and spent the last half an hour in the toilet with diarrhea... For my money not a place to go back. It appears that most of the original reviews are fake so are some of the pictures. The Obama picture has nothing to do with this restaurant. Good luck to them....
