5	I took one TED flight to Portland, OR and a United flight to return.  They make flying as painless as possible.  The staff is friendly.  They are prompt with snacks and drinks.  There is a wide selection of radio stations to listen to.  For flights 1.5 to 3 hours they screen a selection of TV shows, over 3 hours and you get a movie.  What makes time go faster than watching a classic episode of the Simpsons or clips from SNL?If I get a choice of what to fly, I'll go with United anytime.
1	United is officially the WORST airline ever and I have vowed to never fly them so long as I live. Never. Ever. Their ticket counter people? Horrible.The last time I flew United was with my husband (then fiance). We were going to India. For our wedding. In several days. The ticket counter woman wouldn't let him on the airplane because she said he didn't have a proper visa for flying through Frankfurt. He didn't need one. He told her, and proceeded to pull out a letter from the German Consulate in LA which stated "You don't need a visa to fly through here to India."She replied: "I don't care WHO you got a letter from, I'm not lettin' you on the plane!"Twenty minutes later, we convinced her to let him fly to Chicago, our layover, where he would recheck-in for our connection on Lufthansa. She yelled "They'll just tell you what I"m telling you!"They didn't. She was wrong. But thanks to her antics, he got a seat assignment far away from me and we had to sit separately on the 10 hour flight. When I wrote to United to complain (informing them that if she had succeeded in not letting him on the plane we would have MISSED OUR WEDDING) I never heard back from them. Ever. Nothing. No email, not apology, nothing. Which is why I am never flying their shitty planes ever again.
1	*Disclaimer - I am a little heated about this subject so there may be some foul language, for that I apologize*United - You.Fucking.Suck.  If it was possible for me to give you negative stars I would.  Now this review isn't actually for the Phoenix branch, but for the company as a whole, because the Phoenix employees were great.  I will have to try to make this as brief as possible, because I could write a novel about my hatred for this God forsaken company.In brief:On a business trip from Phx to Winnipeg, Canada my bags were tagged incorrectly in Phoenix.  They put my tags on someone else's bags and vice versa on mine.  Needless to say when I arrived in Canada  - no bags!  The worst part, it was FREEZING.  Like 30 degrees F.  I had just come from hot ass Phoenix wearing only a tank top, thin sweatshirt and capris.  Fast forward to the end of my trip.  Not only have I not received my bags, I have received no help from the 1-800 number that was outsourced to India (don't even get me started).  I told people numerous times that my bag was not where they thought it was (Denver) but was where the other lady whose tags I had went.  Do you think they listened...NO!  They continued to read their script, over and over and over again.  If I could have reached through the phone and slapped them I would have.  I had to buy all new stuff for this business trip, stuff I will never need again, then buy a new suitcase to haul all the shit back in.When I arrive back in Phoenix in the dirty capri pants I had been wearing for 4 days I go to the baggage claim office to speak to a real person, in person.  The woman there found my bag in 2.5 seconds, and it was right where I told her it was.  Too bad the fuckers on the 1-800 number couldn't do their jobs properly and figure that out.  Oh, and they have the same systems, and can see the same stuff as the people in Phoenix, I asked.I was told my bag would arrive back that day, but it didn't come.  So then I was told it would come back the next evening, very late and would be returned to my house.  I wake up at 1 AM, almost one week after the last time I had seen my bag to find a black rolling suitcase on my porch.  Hooray!  But my excitement was short-lived, because that bag was not mine!  They had switched my bag AGAIN!  Really?  Twice?  Now that's just stupid...who isn't doing their job.I had to drive back to Phx International for the third time, pay parking for the third time and deliver the poor schmo's bag that was on my porch.  After a 2 hour wait my bag comes back.  Reunited, and it feels so good.Now for the best part.  It has taken 2 nasty faxes to United to get them to respond to my requests for reimbursement of the things I had to buy.  Yesterday I get an envelope in my mailbox from them - nope, not a check.  A request for my receipts.  Really?  I think that was included in the 15 page fax I sent to you twice.  Or are you really that incompetent?  So here I sit, 2 weeks later, $400 poorer and mad as hell.  If you can get away with it, don't fly United.  They don't care about their customers at all.
1	They still fucking suck.  But I should say that I did get a whole whopping $150 back from United for the items I had to buy and have not used.  Oh, my friend just had her bag lost by United this past weekend also.  The people on the 1-800 in India were just as useless to her as well.  I don't even know why they have their systems there if they can't seem to tell you anything."I'm sorry for your inconvenience maam, but we do not have record stating whether or not your bag made it on the plane."  They make you pay extra to check the bags, just so they can lose them.  Its total bullshit and there is nothing we can do about it.
4	Flying with any airline can be painful, as many reviews indicate.  Over the last ten years of nearly weekly travel I have come to know many of the Phoenix employee's of United/Ted at Terminal 2.  I have to say that all of them are great!  Everyone here is challenged with many bad things every day, weather, delays, mechnical problems, air traffic control, and worst of all - egotistical travellers.I have seen so many rude travellers over the years, my mind reels at  how these guys can keep their sanity.  With very few exceptions there are just a ton of superstars at United in Phoenix.    The Red Carpet club is staffed by many of my United favorites and they are always kind and helpful as well.  At least at Terminal 2 you can at least find an employee and get help compared to many airports across the country.Travel sucks, but United sucks less than the others!
4	One of my favorite in PHX after southwest airline. I mean, for people who travels a lot and save miles, United is not bad.At least you still get a free drink, unlike US airways.
3	Red Carpet Lounge--hosts are attentive and courteous, not in your face, but always nearby in case you need something.--City of Phoenix free wifi is all they've got, and it's totally unreliable (unusable)--front desk  will not let you in without the right ticket or a pass; thank goodness I had mine in advance.--bagels with cream cheese, jams and a toaster! yogurt, fresh fruit and assorted juices, all FREE.--has a few bottles of alcohol and several bottled beer choices, some on tap--purchase a one-day pass here: https://store.united.com/traveloptions/control/product?product_id=UM_RCC_OTP&category_id=UM_LOUNGESFirst class lounges are the godsend for relaxing before or between flights. In case you don't fly first, or don't fly the 30+ segments per year that earns you access to them, you can usually purchase one-day passes for full access to the facilities (except for British Air for which the pass costs $10K of the First class ticket). Most one-day passes are around $40 and if you've got an international connection, one pass usually gets you in to _any_ club on your selected airline that day.If you've never done it, take my advice. Splurge on yourself. You deserve it!
1	Look, bad experiences happen to everybody sooner or later. Sometimes customers are rude and won't acknowledge it. Other times, employees have a bad day and don't handle situations appropriately.But I have to say, after having flown United on the last four trips I took - three of them multi-leg international trips and one of them a direct flight coast-to-coast - I gotta say that United is just an awful airline.Planes - decrepit and worn-out. Old. Every last one of them that I was on, was from the 1980s. In-flight entertainment which was primitive; playing a single movie for everyone from a Hi-8 videotape. That's just sad. Fortunately, it's the 21st century (everywhere but on United flights) so I can bring an iPod and watch a movie with my earbuds (but I can't plug it in to keep it charged!!! Because this is United - christ, the AC outlets in the lavatories don't even work. Psych!)Flight attendants - CLEARLY hate their jobs and the customers, ALL of them. Well, except of course if they think you are a rich sugardaddy who can rescue them from their shitty jobs. I am painfully polite at all times to people who have to deal with the general public, I know it can be hard and you often can't tell people what they really deserve to hear. It must be said that United flight crew are equal opportunity, they are rude to EVERYONE whether passengers are polite and as undemanding as possible, or whether they act like rude, clueless jerks.I saw one flight attendant pick up a newspaper someone had put under his seat (in flight, it had slid into the aisle) and THROW IT into the lap of the passenger, as if he had purposely put it there to annoy her and ruin her day.On several occasions, I've tried to make a little small talk with a United attendant - not to hit on them or flirt with them, just friendly banter. Each and every time, I got treated like I'd offered them a handful of shit. The attitude was very clear, 'don't fucking bother me; I hate you, I hate my job, I hate every fucking person on this plane.'Well guess what you dumb twat: I'm sorry they've slashed your pay and increased your workload, but I don't like flying your piece of shit airline either. None of us want to be here, but I'm trying to make the best of it. Is it too much to ask you to do the same? I mean, if you are going to treat me like this, I might as well treat you like shit too. Maybe I'll go back to my seat and needlessly ring you over. At least that way I will have EARNED your hateful, imperious attitude.Seating- UNCOMFORTABLE. Barely enough room for my legs, and while I am slightly on the tall side, I am thin not fat. Should not have had an issue with this!During a couple of these international flights, I had legs which were NOT United. BIG difference. Modern, clean airplanes with modern in-flight entertainment systems. Friendly flight attendants. Adequate leg room.The only good things I can say about United is that they did get me to my destination safely and my bags did show up, undamaged. I guess I should count my blessings. Nevertheless, I'm avoiding United whenever possible.
1	I don't scare easily...but I'm not immune to dread:)There are a few things that make me break out in a cold sweat:* Circus Clowns - I mean really...who thought this was amusing in the first place?* Any of the "reddish" colored PT Cruisers - Careening around, always filled with 90 year old snowbirds and always micro seconds away from hitting something...I just don't want it to be me:)* Outlaw motorcycle gangs - as opposed, I guess, to non-outlaw or in-law motorcycle gangs:)* The Maricopa County Sheriff - "Your papers are NOT in order...ve haf vay's uf makink you talk"* Airlines that have lost the will to live - United Airlines comes to mind:(I have a lot of miles logged with good old "Untied" Airlines...for a few years, I flew in excess of 250,000 miles per year...that's more than many of their pilots:)And they treated me well...always in the front of the bus...free use of the Red Carpet Club...extra miles for flights...all kinds of nice stuff:)Then I hit a milestone with UAL...a million miles!...wow...a million miles...lifetime Premier 1K status...yay!Then UAL hit a milestone...and it hit it hard:(All of sudden, I wasn't 1K anymore...lifetime or otherwise...I wasn't flying very much and the program that they had in place "vaporized" at some point during UAL's lean years:(...and because the service was crappy and the attitudes and pricing at UAL were worse, I pretty much quit flying them altogether.Let's fast forward to now...I've been flying a bit more lately and found myself back on UAL a couple of times recently (hey...if a client is buying my ticket...they can put me on whichever airline they want...except for Aeroflot...the only airline that truly, I'm not even kidding, terrifies me).UAL has really taken a tumble...I have trouble coming up with anything positive to say about them other than "we landed safely":(I've seen cattle being trucked to the slaughterhouse treated with more respect and dignity than UAL and its employees treat their passengers:(I didn't see any smiles or witness customer/employee interactions that were pleasant the last time I flew these guys (a couple of years ago)...it's worse now:(It seem everyone that works for UAL is unhappy!Polite requests for information, ETA's, ETD's are met with snarls and stony faces...inquires about seat assignments are greeted with smirks and almost open derision...there are no "pleases and thank you's" in the cabin...apparently the sole objective of the flight attendants is to keep you seated and quiet, or to collect revenue:(On my last flight with UAL, I saw a rather substantial flight attendant (in her early 70's, I estimate) intentionally ram the drink cart into a man's ankle...his crime was dozing and having a foot in the aisle...she snarled at him to keep his feet under the seat in front...so unpleasant and so nasty:(...and so protected by federal law...the same behavior at Safeway would get her arrested for assault:(It makes me wonder about the pilots...are they so unhappy that one of them could decide to see if a 767 can bore a hole through a mountain?...probably not...but the thought scares me just the same:(I understand why all these folks who work for UAL are unhappy...they've all had their pensions ripped away, they have taken massive salary cuts, their dreams have been dashed (it may even be that the only people still working for UAL are people that couldn't get hired anywhere else...sadly:(So they are not going to be giving their best...maybe they are even looking to take it out on someone...I don't know...I fly other airlines that have had financial problems (Frontier to name one) and the people you meet are all still friendly and helpful:)And there are still good airlines around that treat you pretty well and get you where you need to go with a minimum of grimacing:)At UAL, it seems that it has become all too easy for the airline and its employees to take out their frustrations on the passengers, so...one sad little star for the founding member of the Star Alliance:(
1	My very first review. And it's only one star. Oh boy. So here's my story: Over the Thanksgiving holiday, I went to visit my family up near Albany, New York. I booked my flight through Expedia for the Wednesday before Thanksgiving to the Friday after. Short trip, yeah I know. After booking my flight, I found out that my brother and uncle were going up to Canada, and since Canada is one of the few countries I have not been to, I thought eh! what the hell, I'll just fly back home on Sunday. So I call Expedia to change my flight home. They informed me that I would have to contact the airline directly once I have started my flight (basically, call them from Albany and cancel/change the second half). Didn't sound right to me, but hell, I don't work for them, so I gave them the benefit of the doubt. I get to Albany on Wednesday and IMMEDIATELY call United to cancel the second half of the trip, having purchased another ticket (because I'm a firm believer in CYA (cover your ass, for those non-believers)). Spoke to a very friendly agent, and got the flight canceled and was informed that I would receive a travel credit to be used before November 2010. Sounded good to me, I hung up the phone, life was good...until today. I call United to find out the amount of my travel credit because I have a few trips to take in the upcoming months and figure no-time-like-the-present to use up the little flight credit. First call to United, the lady said, no, you have to call Expedia because that's who booked the flight. I informed her that I canceled the flight DIRECTLY with United and Expedia told me that anything regarding travel credit would be handled by United. Makes sense to me. Since it was the United employee in November that informed me I would have a credit with them. Nevertheless, after her putting me on hold 7 times, her story did not change. So then, I think, well maybe I'm wrong. It's happened before. So I call Expedia and talk to a pleasant lady named Rose. She reiterated that the credit would be directly with United, Expedia is completely out of the picture on this one. Soooo, I call United back and speak to a different guy. His story is that the information of my flight in November has been purged from their system and there is no record of it at all. (Yes, this story is SLIGHTLY different than the first lady, but it all goes back to NO travel credit on file for me and the only thing they see for me is an upcoming flight in April, although I have flown with them at least 3 times in the past year). If I had known today was going to go this way, I NEVER would have scheduled another United flight. As it stands, after April, I am done with them. Completely. It's not that the credit is for alot of money, because it isn't. But I travel ALOT. And if I can't count on my airline to keep track of my record for 4 months, let alone TWELVE, then I am not going to pay them. Period. I'm so aggravated.
1	Check in screenflow might have more upsells and ads than a godaddy purchase. I lost count.  Red carpet club--snubs Amex plat members,--snubs continental (same alliance) club mbership cards and vouchers,--doesn't take cash, and--doesn't allow outside food or drink--wireless coverage is same as rest of terminal (piggybacks city of Phoenix free wifi) --leather chairs are tired and cushions lost their cush--coffee cups spotted and stinky--barman sits in a corner texting
1	My followup:Okay so over the weekend I found myself thinking more and more about what was happening with the travel credit, and I started to feel slighted, pushed aside...and for those of you that don't know me, I don't deal very well with that particular feeling. (You can probably thank my Leo-signage for that). Well anyway, today I decided that I would give this issue another shot, I would allow them one more chance to redeem themselves....They came up short. So I spoke with two representatives, as one of them decided that after I asked for a supervisor, she would just simply hang up on me. Yeah, nice try lady, thank you for the additional ammo. Ugh.So I call back, get another representative...a mumbler no less...couldn't understand a word coming out of her mouth, but I reiterated my request to have a supervisor handle the issue, so after 10 minutes of waiting (were they waiting for me to give up? *insert evil laughter* Silly Mortals!) Anywho, I got 'Rick'. Yes, I am certain that this was an alias. But whatever, you can tell me to call you Don Quixote as long as you fix my issue (the one with the airline...my other 'issues' I own completely and sometimes revel in having them)...so 'Rick' is able to pull up the information (how is it that HE can see it and no one else can?? I dunno). Rick sees the flight that I called in to cancel, then he says call Reservations and they'll take care of it for you...this raises my ire. "Rick", I say, " I have been trying to do that very thing of which you speak for several days, I really need for you to come up with a better option than passing me on to one of those morons who are unable to pull up past flight records." Apparently Rick is not impressed by my condescending tone, so he gets snippy. 'In lieu of your travel credit, I will place a $150 travel voucher on your account and send you an email with the information. They will be able to see that"...so then I say in my sweetest, most dulcet temptress voice (because he's still kind of being a prick), "If I do not receive your email, how would I be able to get back in contact with you, or will you leave a note on my account in some manner?" To which Rick the Prick says, "You can call our 1-800 number." Correct me if I'm wrong, but this doesn't sound AT ALL like customer appreciation, it sounds like a brush off, but I put my ire aside and ask again, as if he may not have heard me, 'Will you be making a note to my account so that if I have to call again, the next person will know what I am talking about?'R the P mumbles, 'I noted your account'. And I say, in a voice sweeter than the stickiest cotton candy that has ever made you puke at a carnival "You're THE BEST RICK! Thank you SOOOO MUCH!" And with a mumbled 'Thank you for calling United' he goes off into the night...Moments later, I got my email with the voucher information. I am pushing them up to 2 stars for not making me call them again to get this matter resolved. But I stand by my decision that once this voucher is used, I will never darken their door again. Thanks but no thanks.***later that day (because i finally actually went into the email) *** GASP! He LIED! This is a $100 travel voucher!!! Grrrrrr!!!  Back down to one star you bastards! UGH!
2	I am so sick of the bad attitude of employees of United Airlines.  I understand that you don't like your jobs, feel like you are underpaid...Doesn't everyone.  Why take it out on the passegers.  I was literrally glared at by the Gate Agent on a recent flight to Denver, when I asked for an aisle seat...I have been a loyal United customer since 1997.  I guess you can say I'm a slave to the Milleage Plus program.  United is certainly better than fellow Star Alliance member U.S. Airways.  I'm just sick of the employees.  I recently flew on Southwest (fluke) and it was a really good experience.  Maybe I should switch.  Too bad Southwest does not fly internationally.
2	They need to change the drab carpet. CNN at gates 5/6
1	Not the best, not the worst (that's USAir), but I definitely see they're allowing many free upgrades.  I'm a Premier member and fly regularly - haven't had the advertized free upgrade in 12 flights.  Rates nearly doubled too.Got burned when booking on UNITED's website that had a "STAR Alliance Partner" flight from USAir.  I arrived only to be charged $25 per check-in bag (Premier members are supposed to be free) and not upgraded to Economy Plus.Thanks UNITED, I'm not feeling your love of my loyalty...
3	United Airline better be careful they are about one pretzel pouch short becoming Southwest Cattle Carriers. On time, sure.Yup they had a movie on the teeny screen on the domestic flight, but not much else. And sadly their flight attendants made the TSA workers appear to be good looking. ( did I mention the lovely full body massage I got from the TSA lady? ...and it was free!! ) I remember as a kid flying Untied and the stewardesses and stewards looked with it and dressed with a certain snap to their vest. They had a sex appeal and you longed to be one. ( remember it was the 70s my friend) but now you thank God you have your 9 to 5 job and you aren't the one lifting those flats of soda and reheating disturbed looking TV dinners. And lets not even talk about that tiny weird bathroom area where they "cook" the food. Scary. But they did get us there and they didn't lose our luggage , of course we carried it on ..but there is always the potential. While not bad these days they just aren't good. And when one is flying across the country , one hopes and prays for a few niceties may be left . But alas in everyday flying one must suffer that which we call the friendly skies . Now these days you hope to have your legs not literally crushed , my poor 6'4" husband was pinned in to a quite gruesome pretzelish shape.You hope for a wrapped clean pillow and maybe a decent snack . Oddly enough United doesn't mind having snacks , you just have to pay for them...if I remember right it was like 7.00 for a bag of chips and 20.00 for a sandwich ....um something like that. But thankfully the water is still free, for now.
1	Worst experience in a security line EVER.  These creeps seemed to be punishing travelers with extremely slow service as they got on the loud speaker and announced in a "nah nah nah nah nah nah" way, that "you all can make this move faster, if you just take the liquids out of your bags."  We watched and rarely had anyone missed a liquid - they were just messing with us.  Have a shot of whisky prior to entering security - otherwise you're at risk of an aggravated assault charge.
3	This was my first time flying United. Was going from Phoenix to DC. I mostly fly southwest, us airways, or American airlines so this was a new experience. Unfortunately they occupy the crap hole of Terminal 2 at Phoenix Sky Harbor. First time I had been on a plane in awhile that had a free in flight movie on the tiny drop down screens. Not that id watch those crap movie anyways since my laptop is loaded with better movies. I was lucky enough to get moved to the very last row to an open row by the flight attendant and my comfort level shot up although couldn't move the back of the seat since I was up again the wall. Overall the flight and service was good, one of the attendants gave me tongue lashing for getting up to pee while seat belt light was on.
1	No more access to United Club with AMEX Platinum. I hate the fact United has taken over Continental.
1	What a crap airline!  If I could give them zero stars I would.  I flew from Phoenix to Denver to New Orleans.  The check-in people, gate staff and flight attendants were rude and abrupt, the flights ALL left at least 45 minutes late, it was the worst flying experience I've had.  I was fortunate thta my Denver back to Phoenix leg was US Airways...never thought I'd say "Thank you US Airwarys" for at least that part of the flight not being a nightmare!  I will never fly United again!
1	This is the worst airline ever.  I highly discourage anyone from using United Airlines if you can help it.  Their agents are very rude and unprofessional, and they lie.  My wife was verbally abused and threatened by a flight attendant because he couldn't do his job properly.  She asked for simple help because she was handling my infant daughter, and this attendant was very belligerent with a bad attitude, very unhelpful.  I've already written their corporate offices in Chicago as well as been through the Better Business Bureau.  They've been unhelpful and unwilling to resolve this dispute so now I've contacted several media outlets to inform them of the incident that occurred.  To add insult to injury, they sent me a form letter with a very insincere apology and a $150 voucher to book on my next United flight.  Yeah, sure, like I'm ever going to use them again.  That's like giving a 10% discount to passengers and victims of the Costa Concordia (the Italian cruise ship that sank).
1	THE WORST EXPERIENCE EVER!We flew into Phoenix after a relaxing vacation in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico.  Our original flight from Phoenix to San Francisco so supposed to leave at 7:50pm.  Upon landing we found out it had been delayed but were not given a new take off time.  After taking the shuttle from terminal 4 to terminal 2 we find our flight isn't leaving til first, 11pm then 11:15pm then 11:30pm changing constantly until it reaches midnight! No one was at the desk for awhile and finally a woman shows up and my boyfriend asks what else we might be able to do. We live an hour south of SFO and worked the next morning.  We wouldn't be getting home until 3am or later.  The woman was SO rude saying it was a weather related issue and there was nothing to be done.  She rolled her eyes, offered no help whatsoever when we asked about switching flights, flying into San Jose, staying overnight in Phoenix and getting on the 6am flight the next day etc... Somehow the universe stepped in and this witch of a woman got us on a US airways flight that was leaving 30 minutes later (in a different terminal, with a different ticket we weren't checked if for ). I will NEVER EVER fly United again.
4	Some people are so damn whiney.  Seriously?  You're reviewing these companies based on uncontrollable issues like weather delays and ATC.  Next time take a damn train, becuase your the grumps that I hate sitting next to, texting when all electronics are suppose to be off.Now that I've gotten that off my chest, lets continue with the review.The airline in general smells better than US, Southwest, and American, and for $30 more I can get extra leg room (or breathing room).  I once got bumped to a seat above the wing (very noisy and unpleasant view) after paying for an upgraded front row seat.  I called the airline to let them know, and my next flight was moved to first class.  The idea here people is to remain CALM (its not the end of the freaking world) and BE FRIENDLY!  It will get you much farther with customer relations, and with most humans in general.One occaision I had to fly during a snow storm in Chicago.  I sat at the terminal for 3 hours waiting for it to slow, all the while coming down with a serious case of flu (sorry seat mates).  Fortunately, the flight attendants saw how miserable I looked once we boarded and moved me to an entirely empty row, brought me blankets and hot water, and were just plain wonderful.Flights are generally pretty consistent with being delayed, but even then, the pilots make up for it in flight and get us there on time.Meals:  Meh, its airline food, I'm not expecting gormet goodies.  Highschool cafeteria at best.  Your best bet is to grab something before boarding for a long flight.Yes, sh*t happens, flights get delayed (bring entertainment), your seat mates stink to high hell (offer mints and lysol wipes for tables), and babies cry (tough luck, imagine how mom/dad feels).    I will continue to fly United.
1	Again - one star for lack of negatives.So, to catch us up - flights are canceled because of the bad weather - otherwise known as blue skies and sunshine - and, after being trapped in my home airport for 6 hours, I am attempting to get another flight from Las Vegas to Seattle so that I can make it to my dad's wedding. (see previous review for story thus far)Lord knows what language the customer service line guy spoke, but it wasn't English. I fired up my laptop and met him online to get another flight. He said that the best he could do is to put me on a 5:45 am flight to Phoenix, and then a 10:00 am flight to Seattle. Why on earth would I want to fly to Phoenix? He told me that was the best he could do, as there were no direct flights. "You see, this airline doesn't actually fly to Seattle," he informed me.Looking at ticket on hand, I could only assume one of us was losing it.Online, my flight to Seattle disappeared, replaced by a flight to Salt Lake City. "That should do it," he said. "Seattle isn't in Utah," I spurted."Oh, yeah..." he said, and then put me on hold again. I prayed he meant, "Oh, yeah - I forgot Seattle because we're so busy with all these complications due to weather," and not "Oh, yeah, Seattle is the capital of Tanzania."It was 1:00 am. I was sleeping at home, at least for a couple of hours.At oh-dark-thirty, I was sailing again through LAS TSA (love those guys!), I had no further issues with the new flight, other than that I was going in the opposite direction of my destination. Oh, and the seats are really tiny. But, we knew that.After my layover in Phoenix, my cute little pink polka-dot carryon and I tried to board the flight that would finally get us to Seattle. The nice lady at the gate told me that I'd have to check my bag - the carry-on bag that I meticulously packed with three weeks' worth of clothing and necessities so that I would NOT have to check anything or pay their insane $50 fee. The one that flew this far with me, no problem. I asked why."Because the plane is too full for your bag, ma'am," she said as she wrestled it out of my hands. When I almost burst into tears, she told me that she'd wave the $50 fee. This time.Gee, thanks.I had to abandon my cute little bag with absolutely everything I would need for my trip at the end of the hallway, and hope like crazy that I'd see it again.Now, I was the very last person on the plane. The overhead bins were still open, and what did I see? I could have stored my bag and every last bag of the traveling Seattle Seahawks in the spaces left. There was plenty of room for my bag!My entire row was empty. I had no seatmates for the whole flight.Neither did the guy behind me.Or the lady across from me.Full, huh? Or, full as in, "We want another $50 and there's nothing you can do about it."Unbelievable. The flight attendants were polite, and the rest of the flight uneventful. I was just amazed at what I had to go through to get that far.The good news is that my cute little pink bag was, in fact, returned to me in one piece. The bad news is that the one piece is stained with giant black streaks and smells of jet fuel and sweat.Never again. United (aka US) airlines has UN-customered me for life.
5	One of my favorite airlines! :)
1	SCREW YOU UNITED!!!! More like DIVIDED Airlines.Worst customer service ever. Hands down. Worst. Not even going to lie.I purchased tickets to fly from Phoenix to Fort Lauderdale and back. We were leaving May 2nd and returning the 5th. I purchased them through YOUR website at a nominal fee because they were straight through no stops which I thought was pretty epic. $620 a ticket? Straight through? No stops? Pretty bitchin deal I thought.You sent me my conformation email giving me the flight numbers, times, insurance info all that happy shit. What you neglected to tell me was that this flight was actually through US Air. Parked at Terminal Two. Traveled FOREVER through Phx to get to your crappy out building somewhere in the BFE section of the airport an hour before my flight. It took 20 minutes to get through the line only for the kiosk, A FUCKING COMPUTER, to tell me that the flight was being run through US Air. A dickhead service guy then bitched and moaned about how WE, my husband and I, fucked up and you were not responsible and directed us to march our happy asses out of your mold infested fly catcher of a terminal and back onto the bus and back to, you guessed it, TERMINAL TWO where US Air was held in the real portion of the airport. Of course when we got there I was already hyperventilating because our flight was closed and we'd missed it. Lucky for us, and you, US Air is not only amazing, but HUMAN and got us taken care of no problems. Sure... It wasn't the straight through flight landing at 4 pm EST... And I'd have to sit in Charlotte FOREVER... And I wouldn't be landing until 1am EST some  9 hours later and TOTALLY having to pay for that hotel day anyway.You people SUCK. Your customer service SUCKS. Talking to the people in your call center SUCKS. Writing a complaint to you and receiving no response other than it's my fault for not realizing that it was a code shared flight even though all of the documentation I have CLEARLY doesn't state that ANYWHERE (even in the fine print. I looked) SUCKS.This is one airline that I sincerely hope happens to go the way of the dodo. Worthless.
3	United wasn't too bad.  I usually fly Southwest but I thought United did a reasonable job.  Yeah, I don't like the A la carte thing.  Pay for TV, for wireless, for food, for luggage, for better seats.  What's next?  Oxygen optional?
1	My lettter to united regarding online and phone reservations:I have an issue with your website. I looked at booking tickets from PHX on Friday. At 11:15am, PST, I started my process and spoke with a lady named Jem. She said book online after answering my question. So I get online and find the flights home for $490 per person. I begin my booking and about 10 min later after entering information for everything including payment, I press "process" and I get an error message. So I proceed to wait half an hour and try again. This goes on until 1pm then I'm back on the phone with customer service because I can't get the website to process my payment. In the 45 minutes I'm on hold I finally receive the answer that the price has now changed to 636, then in 10 more minutes its 690 per person. What is wrong with United, this is dishonest, I start booking a flight for one price and have to pay another because my payment won't process online. Finally, the lady tells me she has escalated my issue and I'll receive a call back in 24 hours. That never happened. Today, Tuesday Sept 17th, I try again to book online at the $490 per person price and receive the same error. So I get Shea, employee ID 1-L, who after 23 minutes has no explanation as to why I see $490 but can only offer me $596 per person. This is the most ridiculous online booking process and worst customer service I have ever experienced with an airline. I wish I had a choice in airlines, but United is contracted with Great Lakes to fly into my hometown. Finally, after 23 minutes of arguing, Shea transfers me to Lisa in the ".com" dept. Lisa is professional in hearing out my problems and resolves them in the next half an hour. Consider fixing your website via I.T. and empowering your employees, like Shea, to resolve issues as Lisa is able and you'll retain business instead of lose it. In fact, she's the only one I would hire for my personal business. I'm extremely disgruntled by United and can't be the only customer upset by such service.
4	This airport in Phoenix is relatively drama free. Small easy to navigate. Staff were nice
1	Just awful- stay away from United at all costs.  Take a train or bus before booking anything on this crap airline
1	This company is the worst! I booked a flight using points back in September. I received a confirmation number and went on my way. Today, I went to check my flight and to my surprise, the booking was cancelled. When I calked, they said that sometimes, bookings don't go through and you need to call to confirm. Thus us the most ridiculous things I have ever heard. I asked them to reinstate my reservation and they refused, I asked for my point back and, they refused.  Do yourself a favor and stay away from this crap company. Chesney
1	Worst Ever! Do they even want customers?? They charged me $140 for "Premium Seats" im in the 20sumthing row and middle seat of 3?? The charges didnt even show until they sent me my final flight plans...once it was too late to change without, surprise, another fee! I didnt even pick that and would never pay extra to sit in the middle...theres a reason those are the LAST seats to fill up everytime. Ive been trying to call and get ahold of them to make the changes for over 8hrs now and all I get is a automated attendant who after 5-6menus tells me nobody is available to help and to call back later, then it hangs up on me. Ive never had this issue with any other airlines!
1	Got stuck behind hill billies repackaging their crap-  missed bag check by 2 minutes!!! wtf I now you won't check my bag with a late tag even!!!  Such horrible customer sevice!  And lady behind the counter---- speak to everyone respectfully. Why are you speaking down to me- Customer service anyone?
4	Wow. Security in Terminal 2 was easy to get through and they opened up new lanes to accomodate the line as it got busier. Yes, the terminal is older and it was crowded waiting for the gate. However, the bathrooms were very clean. The main purpose of this review is the fact that our flight attendants were so awesome on a flight from PHX to CLE yesterday. They had a sense of humor were patient and went above and beyond for our long flight. Not only did they come by often to clear trash but they made two trips with the beverage carts and then additional trips with water and coffee. The seats also seemed a little roomier than other airlines. Oh! And there was PLENTY of room in the overhead cabin so people weren't jamming carry-ons in there. What a nice flying experience!
1	(My letter to United Airlines)Hello United Airlines, My Dad and I recently flew out of Phoenix Airport (flight 1237) on Monday, March 3rd. We had unexpected emergency kidney stone surgery the day before. In addition, because of the surgery, we were given life changing news from the surgeon. Needless to say, we were extremely concerned about flying. Once we arrived at the airport, the United personnel announced if anyone is injured or disable to come up to the front. My dad swallowed his pride and we made our way to the front weaving through everyone. My dad arrived at the counter first, while I followed lugging our bags and his breathing machine. He talked with them and even showed them his hospital bracelet. We had documentation, but we were told that "Our window was closed for getting on the plane early". It took us all of 2 minutes to get to the front and very ironic that you would give 'injured or disabled' individuals 2 minutes to approach the front desk. Additionally, the second United personnel raised his voice and motioned for us to "Come on!", showing us the line that had now formed. He didn't offer to open the divider that was to the right of the front desk. We walked back to our group and just waited until everyone had boarded.Because of our emergency we were really hoping that United was understanding, making our vacation a little less stressful. Instead, United made it a little worse.
1	Just tried upgrading my seat on United for my flights to Israel today. After being told I could pay $39 for premium seating (which is horse crap to begin with), I change my seats to the window seats I had been looking for and proceeded. United then tried charging me $208.00 for the "upgraded" seating option as apparently not all "premium seats" are created equal. Back to the middle seats for me as I have no patience for thieves and cheats.
1	I miss Continental - this airline's customer service is non existent!
1	Very very very poor customer service. I had a flight to Europe with connection in New York. Once I got to the check in counter they told me I'll have to check in my carry on because there was no space in the plane anymore. I'm getting inside the plane and guess what I see?Tons of space!!! So now I need to be with all of my personal stuff that I took with me. I asked the stuff if I can get my bag since there is a lot of space and he told me once the bag went down its possible to get it again. Shame on you united airlines for the attitude. This is not how you treat a customer that buys a flight ticket hat cost $1500.
1	The only reason that I flew United was because I booked my flight via Hotwire.  I would not recommend United Airlines to ANYONE!!!  I get to the counter at the curd and I am told that it is $25 for the 1st Bag...thankfully I only had one bag.  The gentleman at the counter saw my ID card and asked if I was traveling on orders because that was the only way they could waive the fee.  Yes, my gripe is about the baggage fee, but I just thought that was a little much.  Also, they charge you on the plane to watch TV.   I flew Delta on the outbound flight and had a great experience and got to watch NETFLIX for free...if I had to choose...go with Delta or Virgin.
1	Horrible airline. Do not fly with them!  Was on United Express. Very small. Made us check my small carry on bag even though some people did not have too ( people with larger luggage). And security pulled me and husband over for extensive search both up and back. Wtf! Only dark people I saw that happen too....
1	Very poor customer service at the United airline ticket counter. I arrived at 10:45 am only one customer in front of me, 6 agent's avoiding eye contact with me.  When I requested assistance as the kiosk directed none of the agent's offered assistance when I asked. I actually had to get rude in order to get someone to assist.  Hey United I won't be giving you anymore of my hard earned money.
2	We have been flying this airline for a number of years due to convenience of locations and the free miles we earn with their cards. In the past, they were quite good, able to trouble shoot problems we had on two occasions in foreign airports (Frankfort and Sao Paulo). In the last few years customer service has deteriorated. When we tried to deal with an international flight that had too tight a connection in a foreign airport, they were rude and uncooperative over the phone and after an hour haggling with them, they made a change to an itinerary that was just as bad. Airline attendants have never been that good there, rudeness not uncommon. The food used to be at least okay. The last two years the food on their planes has been inedible. We now take our own food on the plane even though the meal is included. At a recent flight, our luggage was damaged upon arrival. Their staff at the baggage claim was very uncooperative and denied any responsibility. Obviously, I couldn't prove it was their incompetence so all I have left is this review. Choices for the kind of flights we need at Sky Harbor is limited so switching to another airline isn't much of an option. US Air is just as bad. The difference is that US Air was always bad, UA wasn't until a few years ago. Clearly, something has changed in their system to cause this.
1	This has got to be the worst customer experience of my life.  I now call them "Divided Airlines".  Just make a call and you will get a different answer everytime. Currently I am on my 8th call and maybe now we are headed for a solution.  I am not going to expand anymore about the complete unprofessional response and solutions.  Companies have chosen to monopolize and outsource overseas and we the consumer lose.  One final note.. They have bar none the WORST coffee ever!!
5	#United Much better boarding process,  allowing Global to board without tripping over all the other passengers
1	I don't normally fly United, and I fly every week for work. Tonight I got to ride on one of the new planes... Nice amenities like charging port on seat and direct tv to watch ( to purchase), seat was comfy too!!! But I will say the service was horrible. I should have known it wasn't going to be pleasant when the female flight attendant came on the PA and her tone of voice was anything but inviting, more like distaste for all the patrons. I wanted a snack, but when the cart came by, no one asked if I or anyone around me wanted something. I asked the next attendant about getting a snack and she told me 'you missed it, but what do you want' with a snarl and a roll of the eyes.... Never smiles or said thank you when I paid her. I know why I stick to Southwest Airlines now.... Never again! FYI flight 1139 from Denver to Phoenix.
1	Most terrible customer service. Forget about traveling with your pets. No accountability, nobody to complain to, nobody offering any solutions in a difficult situation. Heartless people in Phoenix cargo dealing with pet travel. Please beware!!!
1	Worst customer service. Fight was cancelled, but no intimation on phone on email. At the airport, the rep behaved as if it was our mistake that we booked with United. No information provided on refunds or alternate flight and hotel arrangements. Stay away from them!
