5	I went to Clearsound looking for a good deal for a stereo system for my 2004 VW  Beetle now as a girl most of the places I went to treated me like I was stupid , so I was thankful when I told them I wanted to get a T.V with GPS Bluetooth and speakers they talked to me and explained each function and gave me a great package deal . I left with my car looking good and sounding even better great people and great service thanks Jose and Paul guys are really out to make customer happy with there car and made me feel appreciated and not just like another sale.
1	Horrible!! Brought my iPad 2 in with a broken screen. I called ahead of time and was told it would be $100 but when I came in I was told it would be $130. I should have walked out the door then but I didn't. I came the next day to pick it up and it had a dent in the corner where they pryed the screen off. When I went to take the screen protector off the entire glass lifted from the device. So, I left it there and came back two days later. They tried to fix the dent but the iPad no longer fits in my case. The menu button was turned sideways and there are gaps all around the edges between the glass and device. And worst of all, they expected me to pay full price. I asked for a discount and was given 10%. Unbelievable, I hate making a scene so I just paid it. But I will be posting this review anywhere I can.    For the same price you can get MUCH better service elsewhere. STAY AWAY!!!!
5	Quick, fast, and easy. I recently came in to install a car stereo in my vehicle. Didn't need an appointment and the service was good. I did some research before I got here and bought a stereo off of Amazon instead of in store. They installed all pieces (including my microphone for Bluetooth calls) and it took a little over an hour. Overall, very impressed with the quick service and definitely will consider coming here again for all of my car stereo needs. They also sell cell phones and accessories too so there is stuff to look at or electronics to check out if you plan to stick around and wait.
5	Went in for a stereo and speakers. I was attended right away and it was installed in about 1 hr for a fair price.
5	Great service.  Came in for a standard radio repair.  Spoke to someone on the phone and was assisted immediately.  Assisted with the repair and for an extremely fair price.  Great hidden place for audio needs and cell phone repair.
5	The customer service was great. Paul will take care of you !  Decemt prices the employess are vey knowledgable and friendly ! Check em out !
