4	Super clean little salon in Northlake area. Staff were very friendly and attentive. Did a great job on my manicure!
2	Just had the worst experience at a nail salon. A older male nail technician did my nails and i usually get the pink and white fill. He needs another class with filling in the white part and an attitude adjustment.  See pic.  I told him I didn't like it he said I was picky and they looked better than what I came in with. What???? Really I said. Ok. He said it's not gonna be perfect cause it's not a full set. Smh. I had just the white done and both at the same time from my regular nail technician can't wait till she's off maternity leave so disappointed. Tips on other places I can go hit me up! Two stars for bad attitude and he knew it was bad he told me I didn't have to pay full price. So I didn't pay for the white. Still just messed up. If u go there don let him do your pink n white he probably good at other things just not that.
5	If your looking  for an AMAZING nail spot this is it. I have been going here for the last 2 years. Ann does my nails but if she is not available I use her husband andy. But any of the techs are great. It's clean and they remember your name and what you like done. I am a pink and white girl that's all I wear on my nails and they are the best at it. If you have any issues they will listen and correct no question ask.  Amazing customer service. If there was more stars I would give it. Always happy with the service I receive.
1	Absolute worst experience at a nail salon. My friend & I went to get our nails done, where the older man that worked there did mine. He had a very bad attitude & when I asked him to fix the shaping of my nails, he got mad and got nasty. My acrylics now look like crap, and i have cuts on my cuticles. My friend's nails looked like a 5 year old did them. Horrible paint job, shaping & when we went to go pay, the lady who did her nails over charged her by $15.00. We then had to go back in, so she could get her money back. Never going there again.
3	Great nail spot in the northlake area - they recognize their returning customers, and are very friendly.  Competitively priced in comparison to Nail Saloons in the mall.
5	Best nail salon ever!! They always do a great job and the prices are very affordable. Everyone is always very nice and want to make sure that you are satisfed. I wouldn't go anywhere else.
5	I just love this place, always busy but honest and wiling to get you in and out as soon as possible.  Always remember your face.  Very friendly.  Great prices.
