5	I used to work here!  I still am great friends with the owner.  Service, sales, or rentals, this is a Sunnyslope staple.  He even has a pawn license so he can even buy (and thus sell) used bikes.  He's an expert - I was always amazed at the depth and breadth of his knowledge when I was working here, but maybe that's cause I was 16 and a total bike n00b.  The selection of new bikes might be a little limited, but if you are in the market for a used bike or already have a bike that just needs a little TLC, check this place out.
5	I swung by after the recent YVE b/c I haven't been here for a few years - amazing how things look the same after all this time.  The reason I did an update is because I wanted to note that this place has a pretty wide selection of new bikes - not a ton of high-end new stuff, although he can special order something in if you want to support your local small business.  He does have quite a variety of sizes and models of, shall we say, more accessible mountain bikes, cruisers, crossover bikes which are like mountain bikes but more for on-road riding, and so on.
5	Good old fashioned  bike shop. You cant beat it.  Can fix just about anything on a bike.
5	I'm ashamed to share that my 10-year old bike still has the hair on the tires, AND the tires were flat from having been in my storage shed for 6 years. Figured it was a good idea to get a tune up (and a helmet) before trying to ride again! The shop owner was so nice! $40 for the tune up and even though it was going to be ready later that day, he advised I leave it a bit to make sure the tires didn't need a new tube (they didn't). He patiently showed me how to put the bike rack on my car - even though I didn't buy it from him, I just brought it from home. He didn't try to sell me the most expensive option of the accessories and in the end, I got a tune up, a helmet, a bike lock and a headlight for $128 (including tax). He taught me about the gears on my bike and gave me a map of all the bike paths in Phoenix! All the while, charming banter. I feel like I've made a new friend! Not only can you buy bicycles and any accessory you may need for your bike at this little shop on Hatcher Road, I understand you can rent bikes here too; and, the shop is right by the canal so if you don't already own a bike but feel like riding, this would be a great launching point. Of course, I SAY that... let's see if I actually get on mine now...
4	Found thrift store 10-speed that needed some tightening & tuning before giving to a friend - tho couple other shops are closer - took it here based on reviews and very satisfied.  Courteous, competent, personable,  reasonably priced, and short turnaround.  Very happy with the service.
5	This is a GREAT bike shop.  My son has decided he loves to bike and so we went to 3 bike shops before finding this gem.  Nice prices for an entry level biker (or a bike collector, great vitage bikes, or a serious biker might find something, but since we are new at this, well...that's all I can review). The guy that worked there (not the owner) was sooo nice! He worked with my son on how to change gears and he hooked us up with a new seat.  After a weekend of more biking than I have done in 10 years, I am going to head back and get my son's bike fixed (he crashed), look into a bike helmut and a new bike for the hubby! :-)I really liked this place!
5	A Sunnyslope landmark and I am not exaggerating. This place has been here for as long as I can remember and the service has remained top notch. I have bought and sold a few bikes here over the years and have never been done wrong. Bought a bike today and was impressed with the fact that the guy didn't even try to up sell me at all. He gave me suggestions based off what I said I was looking for,let me try a few bikes out in the parking lot and when I chose my new ride proceeded to make adjustments to the handle bars and seat which magically made the bike fit me like a glove. This is truly a great place to buy a bike, support local businesses and honest businesses by buying here.
4	Great place we found an stopped the sad day I had to drop a goo d friend off at the human society across the street.My wife was looking for a Pink Beach Cruiser an they ha the perfect bike.Like them so well I sold 10  year old Trek 720 Hybrid to a friend an found a nice gun metal mens beach cruiser for me.Was a bit more than I wanted to spend at the time, but they are worth every pennyGreat Honest guys, that even buy older bikes
5	The owner is a great guy, very friendly, takes time to explain things, and gives you what you need! I bought a bike for my younger brother, which he rode around a bit, and decided he wanted something a little more rugged -- we brought it back (with a flat tire and slightly bent rim - whoops!) and the owner offered to swap it out for a comparable bike, helped my brother pick one, and adjusted the seat --- DID I MENTION THIS WAS ALL WITHIN 3 MINUTES OF CLOSING TIME!?  He stayed a little late to help us and then even recommended a restaurant close by (Wagon Wheel - figures, right?) This area is shady, but the owner and the store is not!  5/5 all the way!  :)
5	My son had a flat and this place is close and my fellow Yelpers give it a five star rating. That is totally correct! The owner was friendly, polite and had us back on the road in like 3 minutes. Fair prices and a good selection of bikes, parts, etc. Highly recommended!
4	Very affordable bike tune-up, just don't expect your bike to be cleaned like other bike shops do.  I guess that's where the extra $10-15 goes for other places.  Bike technician was very friendly and fast.  Bike was ready in one day.  My wheels seem a bit wobbly, so I'm not sure he trued them or not.  Once again, another service that other more expensive tune-ups usually include at other shops.  This review is for the great, friendly service, not so much for the quality of the tune-up.
2	I see some great reviews here, but I have to say that I did not experience the friendliness here that others have.  I walked in with my son, with a couple bikes in the back of my truck to possibly sell.  I walked in and looked directly at the gentleman behind the counter and gave the obligatory nod, smile and hello.   the nod, the smile, and hello were NOT returned.  I inquired about possibly selling my bikes.  He didn't even look at them, and they were nicer than the used bikes i saw in the parking lot.  He immediately snapped back that HE WAS NOT BUYING BIKES RIGHT NOW.  okay buddy, relax,  i just asked.  There ARE USED BIKES IN FRONT, my bad dude!  I had a badly warped rim on my mountain bike.  I asked him about that, he said he could fix it.  I brought it in and he said it was shot.  I figured that and I purchased a rim from him.  Thought he was gonna replace it for me.  NO DICE.  He just handed me the rim and told me to have a nice day.  He OBVIOUSLY did not like me as a customer, so I guess I have no reason to go back.  Thanks alot buddy.  I'll buy my kid a brand new bike elsewhere, now that I've sold his gently used, but outgrown of Mongoose bicycle on craigslist.  I won't be buying the $240 Diamondback bicycle he saw in your shop, at your shop.  A little friendliness goes along way.  This seems pretty common in the bicycle shop world.
5	These guys were super friendly and honest and they didn't charge me an arm and a leg. I'm definitely going back.
5	OK, so my son destroyed another tire. Back to Try Me Bicycle Shop we go. Same exact experience. Great customer service (while you wait, I might add) and very fast. Prices are reasonable and it's in a good location. Easy in/out access. We'll be back I'm sure!
1	Unlike others, I did not find the owner friendly. I found him to be a bag of douche of galactic proportions.I suppose this place is OK for average bikes needing average repairs, but when I brought in my road bike for a repair of moderate difficulty for any competent bike shop, because the owner was incapable of doing the repair he chose to insult me by telling me I should sell my bike and get something more appropriate for someone of my physique. At the moment I'm a little overweight, but here's the facts: every summer I road bike in Italy. I have summited Mt. Terminillo. I have gone up and down the hills of Umbria as a member of a local riding club. I have ridden legs of various stages where the Giro d'Italia is run. I am capable of riding as much as 200 miles/week. I can summit South Mountain 3x in a go.I have ridden literally thousands of miles on this very bicycle, which -while carbon fiber - is FAR from a pro racing model. But this nitwit thinks I should sell my road bike because it's "too advanced for me". Oh and I'm a fat motherhumper too, thanks and come back again soon!"Try me"? I did. You and your sad little bike shop in the ghetto failed.---Edited to add: since my encounter with this obnoxious tool, I found a friendly bike shop which had no interest in fat-shaming me. I told the story about this dickwad and all of the employees were aghast. They fixed my bike wheel so that I could ride again. I'm doing 200 miles a week (yes really) and have dropped 7 lbs in 3 weeks. By August I should be under 200 lbs, and when I go to Italy to ride up Mt. Terminillo again I will take a selfie.
1	I have been a customer in this shop for the last 38 years.  I have literally bought a dozen or more new and used bikes.  Last time I was in I traded a bike that I know he made approximately $200 on resale.  Today the young man there treated me with dis-respect and tried to insult my intelligence.  I wanted to tell him that I had forgotten more than he knows.  I will never spend another $1 on sales or service at this place and I was a regular customer
2	After reading the Yelp reviews I decided to give Try Me a try for my bicycle tune up. They were not great and I wouldn't recommend them to others. I called on Saturday to ask how long a tune up took and they told me it could be same day if I dropped it off in the morning. I came in Sunday morning and was then told it wouldn't be ready until Tuesday, not a big deal, but also not what I was told on the phone. The gentleman that took my bike in wasn't the friendliest; he seemed really busy and a little impatient. When I picked the bike up on Tuesday I took it for a spin and it was running great. My main complaint is that it was returned to me filthy, dusty and full of grease, they didn't wipe it down at all. The second complaint is that I had put on decorative air plugs on the tires and they were not put back on. Unfortunately I didn't notice this until I got home. Should I need a tune up in the future I would take my bike to a place who puts a bit more care in to their services.
