2	Now I love red lobster but this particular location pissssssed me off!!! It was packed as usual so the food took extra long. the waitress screwed up my bill at the end of the meal, when they seated us it looked like the booth had not been properly cleaned, and the bathroom was just the nastiest bathroom in America. Like i said i understand it was busy but that is no excuse for how gross the bathroom was. i almost threw up from the smell and you could just tell that it probably had not been cleaned all day. I believe when you are an establishment with meals over $10 your bathroom should be spotless. This is something you would expect from burger king or somewhere, not red lobster. I know red lobster is not a 5 star restaurant but come on.
4	Lunch today!!  Wood fired shrimp shewers. wild rich pilaf and brocolli.  Wonderful and Service was friendly and attentive!!  Will difinitely be back!! cheese biscuits appetizers were good too!  Got busy while we were there, Restaurant was clean.
5	Great food and service. Very happy with my visit.
2	"Red Lobster is where America goes for seafood!"I think that was their one-time slogan. This won't be the location I will go for their seafood, anyway. I really like Red Lobster. I think it's about the best place to find crab legs locally that are cooked correctly, but it comes at a price.Let's start with their overpriced drinks: They've got a lot of cocktails to choose from, but they really skimp on the liquor. I don't mind paying upwards of $6-$7 but at least put in some alkie-hall that I can taste.The biscuits: As long as they come out hot, I have no complaints. Often imitated but never duplicated. These babies will fill you up if you don't watch how many you eat.The appetizer: Mozzarella Cheesesticks. Meh. They used to have the best years ago but they've messed with the recipe on both the breading and marinara too much over the years.The salad: I used to favor their Caesar salad over most everyone else, but they've changed and skimped on the dressing. I think I'd rather have their soup.The meal: The Ultimate Feast. I could not resist. 2 small lobster tails, 1/2 lb of snow crab legs, 4 fried shrimps, and shrimp scampi. I got a side of broccoli because they've once again messed with their recipe on their mashed-potatoes. Their baked potatoes no longer have the skin encrusted in salt. Shrimp, crab, and lobster were great. Broccoli had no flavor. I had to dip in in the butter of the scampi for flavor. Protions seem to have shrunk on a lot of the items though.The dessert: Warm Chocolate Chip Lava Cookie. One of the best desserts ever although this one was skimpy on the "lava".The location: Never go to Red Lobster on a Sunday. There is no time of that particular day that you won't find yourself waiting.  Parking is a b!tch. It's a near nightmare getting in and out of the mall parking lot that this location is a part of.The service: Lackluster. I won't name names but our waiter was absent for the most part. I know it was busy but he seemed to only have a handful of tables in our area. Maybe he had other tables on the other part of the restaurant but he seemed to have a good knowledge of the ACC games that were going on at the time. Just sayin'. Drink refills were few and far between. Getting the check and even a pen to sign the damned thing was too lengthy. This isn't the first time we've had so-so service at this location, either.The price: Too expensive for what you get. Prices have gone up on anything and everything at RL. We make a trip to them maybe twice a year at the most.It's hard to give this place the rating I gave. The taste of the food justifies the higher part of the rating but the service and costs are more like a "2"Your pal,Walter
1	I have been to many red lobsters before and usually enjoy the food. This was the first one that we have had to wait for a seat, although it was not to long. This place seemed overwhelmed with the crowd. The food was not prepared well. The shell of the crab legs were spongy and bent with the crackers. The baked potato was awful and the service was mediocre. I will not be back to this location
1	Red lobster was not the place to be tonight. Saturday-8/11!!!! The service was horrible. The waiter messed up so bad that we had more free food then we ordered. The appetizer came out after the salad. It seem to be over before it started. It only went down hill from here. I am done with this location. Come on red lobster!!!
4	We had a wonderful time! We were seated right away and our waiter Jay was friendly and very helpful. We all decided to have the Endless Shrimp. Endless amounts of several different types of shrimp with either a house or Cesar salad and those delicious biscuits!!!! Yummy!My favorite type was the Parmesan Shrimp. They were very similar to the shrimp scampi, which is another personal favorite but with a delicious cheesy breading....then they are baked again and come out hot and overflowing with cheese. Soooo good!However, all the other options were great too. We also enjoyed the shrimp pasta which was full of flavor, the fried shrimp that were crispy and the glaze on the Teriyaki Grilled Shrimp was so tasty! Our food came out hot and it was really endless....we were stuffed and happy when we left so overall that means it was a great meal and I look forward to going back!
3	Its a Red Lobster!  Our waitress was awesome and we were here fore the 45 shrimp for $10 promo (im a fatty what do you want).  What better way to stuff your fat face with unlimited cheddar bay (my favorite bay in the whole world) biscuits and then top it off while trying to jam more shrimp down your gullet. The beer was a little flat, the wait was long, but what did we expect?
2	We went to the Red Lobster at Carolina Place this past weekend. The quantity of the food was great; quality was adequate. Service was abysmal. Just as an example, our server brought our ticket to the table. 15 minutes later, she ambled by to pick up the ticket with our credit card. 10 minutes later, she finally brought it back for me to sign. This was after an hour-and-a-half dining experience which should have taken half the time but due to our waitress' slowness and lack of attention, was stretched into painful wait times. Never received a refill on my soda. This was not during prime time, either - we arrived around 4:30PM on Saturday.As far as the food went, it was good - I had the Admiral's Feast, which I took half of home because it was so much. My wife had the Crab Feast, which she did enjoy. The Cheddar Bay biscuits made up for much, but if I get in the mood for those again, I may just phone in an order and pick it up.I just hope our server never goes to a zoo; I would hate for her to get dizzy watching the speed of the tortoises there.As far me, I'm going to give this location a miss moving forward.
4	Food is always really good! Although the service is not all that. First time we went we had a server who was in training and of course we understood if she would make mistakes. Although our second time, the server was slow and did not communicate well. We rarely had refills and was slow to give is our checks and run our cards. Even though it was not very busy. Food is great, service not so much.
1	Terribly ran! We will never be back to this location. Food takes forever and it doesn't come out right. The wait staff is slow and management has no clue.
3	We came here for a working lunch with 5 people. The service although she was very nice was slow. Our food was also timed very poorly with half of it coming out about 10 minutes before the other half. I got the shrimp kebabs with green beans and rice. The food was good, but the shrimps were kind of on the small side. They put 2 together to make them look larger on the skewer. The biscuits, like most people know, are the best part. What should have been a 45 minute lunch took around 1.5 hours, although the restaurant looked pretty empty.
2	My wife and her family took me here for my birthday, the service was ok we had about 12 people nothing too big. We had two servers both were pretty nice. We ordered food kept it going like a normal service I got the Bar Harbor and it was pretty awesome I got them to add Cajun seasoning into it since I like spicy food. But rather good couldn't complain.BUT my wife's grandma got a steak and Lobster, she order a medium and it came out well done and her lobster was raw no idea how this happened considering you cook them at two different times but so be it. She sent it back and by the time she got it back we had already ate all our food and had finished desert. I mean what the heck how does it take that long to cook a medium steak? It doesn't! By the time she got her food she wasn't hungry anymore.So we get the checks and the server tells me that the manager comped her food since it was messed up and that we wouldn't have to worry about paying for it. Well then they gave her another bill and said that she had to pay for it how the hell that works is beyond me, but she was stuck paying for the damn food that the manager told us we would get credited. Near the end of the service the servers lacked and kind of vanished and it was just a huge cluster. The quality of this place just tanked and fell low.The only good thing was that the cheese biscuits here are bomb!!! Everything else is a joke.
4	We visited this place during dinner time.waiting queue was big we thought it will take time to get the seat but we are just 2 people so we immediately get the place.we have ordered wood-grilled lobster,shrimp and scallop (split maine lobster tail and skewered shrimp and sea scallops with a buttery garlic finish, over wild rice pilaf) but customized the dish to lobster and shrimp only without scallop.service is very good and we visited this place for the first time so they suggested us which one to take.the dish was good.shrimp and lobster are fresh and we liked the food.awesome taste
1	WhAt. A  disapointment......we ordered a salmon plate , my daughter a sirloin and wifey ordered. A shrimp kabobs, we got our drinks at 155 then about 245 we got our plates,food was barely warm, server was alright, though
1	will never go here again b/c for the 3rd time they messed up my to go order. they offered me a gift card one time but never got it. they tried to "apoligize" but it was half harted in the apology. they claimed when i was there that all my order was in the bag and when i got home to check it was not. I will never got there again. they are to serve the customers and they are doing a poor job in doing that. they really don't care about the customers and they need to have the check in hand when they are putting the orders together.
2	The lobster tail was salty. The crab legs were alright. The shrimp was awesome. The asparagus was amazing. All in all it was eh.
3	I had my parents over for the weekend and my parents are like most and they are fairly weird. This time the weird discussion revolves around my father and his love of eating establishments in particular  Red Lobster.  I must admit I was biased and am one of those persons that considers Red Lobster the McDonalds of seafood so this would typically not be a place I would visit to eat. Surprisingly this visit was very good. I have a few horror stories of other Red Lobster's but this one end with everyone smiling and cheering. We drove to this restaurant in separate vehicles and the first thing I noticed is how far the handicap parking spaces are from the entrance. My parents park in those spaces and it was a hike for them to make it to the front door. I guess they want handicapped parking folks to get the most exercise  to build up for the meal. I am not sure of the planning or thoughts they have on parking. I am just thankful it was a beautiful day. Entering the restaurant and all the employees were kind and smiling. They sat us all within about 15 minutes. My father ordered his usual admiral feast, I had a lobster pizza (watching calories). Wife had a pasta dish, my mother had the stuffed founder and my kids had fries. It was all delicious! Cooked to perfection and served timely. My father even went out of his way to say this was they best one he has been to in a long time. The bill was $101 and that's not bad for 6 people eating. I recommend this location.
3	this is just high priced captain D's. they quality has gone downhill over the past decade now I remember WHY I don't eat here.
