3	My cousins are wild about this place. I'm not nearly as enthused.Sauce specializes in ultra-thin pizzas with top-notch toppings, and it definitely delivers on its promise. Each 12" pizza costs about $10 and awkwardly serves about 1.5 people. I could eat a whole one if I really tried, but half of one wouldn't be filling.I can't say I dislike Sauce's pizzas, but I can't say they're great. I'd much rather grab a bite a few streets down at Grimaldi's.
3	Came here for lunch recently with active Yelper and friend Brett B. I'm sure he'll post up his own review of the place.This is the kind of place you walk up to the register and place your order, then take a plastic number to your table and the server brings you your food. You also get your glass and go fill 'er up at the fountain yourself. I wasn't sure what to expect, but felt good vibes the minute I asked "how big is the salad" and the guy at the register walked into the kitchen to bring me a dish to show me. That was nice and above my expectation, as most places the servers will make a "size" with their hands and shrug and say, "i don't know... about like this?" So, yeah. I like that this guy actually showed me a plate and made a "mound" with his hand to show me some kind of size of the salad. When I ordered "just water" he went to give me a plastic cup with a lid, and then said, "you know what? Just take a regular glass, it's more comfortable...." He trusted me not to fill up my glass with anything but water (and I did only drink water). That was nice, and made me feel like an adult. Not like at some places (much cheaper than this place) that give you a plastic cup like the ones you pee in at the doctor's office, when you order water.I really enjoyed my lunch here - Had a chicken caesar salad (one of my favorite things to order pretty much anywhere i go because I'll never make it at home), along with a cheese pizza.The caesar salad - for those who have a love affair with this meal - was "perfect" . The portion was generous, and it was chopped and tossed. The chicken was shredded and mixed in with the salad, which makes SUCH a difference in getting an even distribution, and reducing pain-in-the-ass-ness of having to cut up a chicken breast atop a salad with oversized utensils like at so many other places. It was perfectly dressed too - not too heavy, just right. And the parmesan cheese was shaved over it, rather than shredded or grated. Nice touch. Excellent flavor, every mouthful.The cheese pizza was a cripsy, ultra thin crust, delicious red sauce (kinda sweet, in a good way), and the cheeses were mozzarella and fontina - the saltiness mixed really well with the sweetness of the sauce and made this simple pizza taste extraordinary.Granted, having had some beyond-extraordinary pizza in new york, I'm spoiled and have to say it was not as good as my favorite thin crust pizza from Totonno's in NYC's upper east side. But still, darn good. I'd eat it again. (I took some home and it didn't look like it heated up well later on when my husband was having it).Brett had the tomato, gorgonzola, chicken, salad on mixed greens. I think it had pine nuts too. I got to taste it and it was even more flavorful than mine. Either one of these would be an excellent choice for those of you who like to order salads. Delicious. And the service was great! The  manager even came by our tables to refill our glasses for us, though the drinks were self-serve from a fountain. the place was not busy when we got there, but it picked up as we were finishing our meals. Great food - great service - great vibe. I hope this place sticks around. Definitely would eat there again. Looking forward to it, even!
4	I really like sauce.  Ordinarily I get the sausage and carmelized onion pizza and it is really delicious.  The crust is slightly unconventional, more like a cracker than pizza dough, and very thin, but I consider that an acceptable nuance of their place.My wife always gets the wild mushroom and truffled arugula pizza and although you know my perspective on arugula (tastes like fart) she insists it is the cornerstone of her very existence (in her words: "it's really good."  she understates).However today I went against all that is good and right with the world and ordered a salad.  Turkey, avocado, and feta salad.  The feta was decent, the avocado was delightful, the turkey was lunch meat turkey cubes.  not a compliment.  The dressing was light and i definitely felt like i was doing something good for my body.My body was surprised.Anyway, the salad was a 3 out of five.  Decent, not wonderful.  So the waitress came and said that if I liked that dressing, they have a secret salad with the same dressing and all sorts of italian cold meats in it.  Sounds amazing!  So I asked her what gives with the secret salad.  Well it is an idea on the part of some of the higher ups to encourage ppl to return to the place and order the salad.  I say, just put your best shit on the menu, otherwise I won't come back.So I was intrigued.  But do I like being engaged in a cunning ruse to make me return?  no!So I browbeat the poor hapless waitress for a few minutes about whose idea it was and so on, and then told her I'd never return to sauce so long as i live.But I will, because that salad sounds tasty as hell.  Plus, with their salads they serve a nice little bread roll which is pretty wonderful.  Also they serve wine and beer and who doesn't like that?
4	The exploration of our new area continues.  I was intrigued by Sauce when I looked it up on the internet.  Although I'm not a fan of restaurant corporations, Fox seems to be trying some different things so I can respect that.  Upon on entering, I checked out the menu on the wall and tried to make a decision.  Everything sounded good.  My daughter, on the other hand, found her favorite thing right away and was ready to order. Plain spagehtti with butter for her, I got a salad, pizza, and a glass of wine.  We sat down and my salad was served promptly.  I ordered the caprese salad.  YUM!!!  This was not your average caprese.  A lovely bowl of greens with chopped tomatoes and hunks of mozerella in a lovely balsamic vinegrette.  It was one of the best salads I have had in a long time!!  My daughter's dinner came to her in a few minutes, just the way she likes it.  She ate almost every bite.  A little ciabitta like roll came with my salad and her dinner.  It was tender and warm and the butter melted nicely on it.  Now for the pizza......this pizza is different than any I have had before.  I think it may grow on me.  The crust is like a cracker crust.  It has a nice flavor to it.  I'm still not sure if I like the fact that it's so thin it does not really stand up with the toppings.  Cheese is pretty weighty and even thin crust New York style can hold it.  This crust, although I did like it, was just a bit soggy from the cheese.  I had sausage, pepperoni and mushroom.  The flavors were all good.  Granted I have only been once so I do need to try it again and I think it will grow on me but it's not my norm so I'm unsure right now.  The salad was awesome thought and I will go back for that!  And my daughter was happy with her dinner too.  Sauce is close by so it will probably become one of our regular spots.
5	Great vegie pizzas
4	Sam Fox - Do we know each other?  Then how do you know me so well?  Every time Fox opens a restaurant we feel like he had me and my wife in mind.  Good food with rich ingredients.  Clean, modern, casual dining experience.  And Sauce is fast and serves up some great salads and pizza.  Personally I like to keep it simple with the Mozzarella & Fontina Cheese & Basil pizza.  I will occasionally ask for tomatoes on top and always top it off with the crushed red peppers.  My wife loves the caesar salad and I can understand why.  Their dressing is brilliantly balanced and add on the fresh cheese flecks and it is simple, but great.  I have had other salads and they are all good and as others have stated, the mac and cheese is very good.I just love the simplicity of walking in and ordering and being able to sit and enjoy a casual and quick dining experience with good food at a great price.  Thank you Sam Fox.... but I still swear we know each other.
4	Sauce is a place for some quick, tasty, quality food.  We ordered at the counter, went over to get our self serve drinks, then headed outside to the patio.  Within minutes I received my side green salad and was really impressed by it.  Fresh, dark greens with flavorful tomatoes and crunchy croutons.  I often order side salads at restaurants and this rates pretty high up in terms of freshness and quality.  I went with the cheese pizza as well, which was too greasy for this hard earned bod......but nothing a little napkin couldn't soak up.  Most ordered pizza, but the pasta with red sauce looked pretty good too.  Service, for what it was, was friendly and efficient as well.  Definitely one of our stand by stops for a quick meal!
2	What I like: The food of course, location, speed, and service.  What I don't like: The small, SMALL portion sizes and the cost associated with those portion sizes.  We visit this place for lunch often, and we all agree that we really like everything about this place except for the portions and cost associated.  We'd visit far more and take our out of town coworkers here if this was fixed.  Well it was a little while ago when they introduced a lunch combo.  As Amy L. pointed out you could get any two of the three following items: soup, salad, or pasta and a drink.  We all tried this, loved it, were full, and finally felt it was at the right price.  Today we went back and unfortunately we saw they had removed the signs.  I asked the girl at the register and they said they're trying a new combo out which we all pretended didn't exist on the menu.  This is severely limited to a ceasar or garden salad and a sandwich or soup.  Seriously, we're at a place called "Sauce," yet on the lunch combos you can't order pasta?!  We all ordered a stand alone pasta dish and drink.  We left again unfulfilled, frustrated they fixed and then screwed up their problem, and +$11 in the hole.  I'd easily rate this place 4 stars if they went back the first lunch combo.  If you're a person who eats small portions, you won't mind this place and I'd highly recommend going.  Hopefully someone at corporate will realize their mistake.
4	My friend and I went here for lunch when I was in town and it was a nice lunch time environment. I had the pasta and meatball dish and it was great! The meatballs were not the traditional Italian meat, but still wonderful. The lunch specials are no longer part of their menu which was a bit of a bummer. The staff was really nice and helpful considering this wasn't a full service restaurant. Really hoping they bring back the lunch specials though!
2	I hate to be mean, but my pizza was over cooked and there was nothing on it, then my husbands meatball sandwich was the size of a kids meal. We were in shock at how small it was.. :(... I heard the salads are great tho-guess I should've had that...
3	This place is okay, BUT I would hesitate to call it a Pizza place. Maybe if it was specified as flatsbread style pizza than it would get four stars, but when you want pizza and you go to a place that puts toppings  on a cracker it leaves you saying WTF??? Okay so the toppings are awesome, like truffled mushrooms with arugala, very healthy too. My only beef is it is not like a traditional pizza, or even a thin crust, it's a dang cracker. The salads were good too and the service is awesome. All in all three stars, unless you like pizza crackers than bump it up to your liking.
5	Great food, fast and delicous. A little pricey compared to places that serve equal types of food.Always clean friendly people, I would highly recomend.So many favorites hard to list them all.
4	We frequent this place at least once month.  Food is excellent and the service is speedy.  Restaurant is clean. We really like it!
4	I really like sauce. There are a few things to keep in mind if you're going for the first time. The pizzas are more like personal pizzas rather than a feed-your-family pizza. But the pizzas are phenominal with top notch toppings and worth the $10. That pretty much goes for everything in there. It costs a little more than other places but you get what you pay for. The salads are fresh and delicious with not too much dressing which is very important to me. The chicken, pine nut and gorgonzola salad is awesome. I usually get the chicken pesto pizza which is just delicious. I totally recomend this place especially for lunch.
3	The pizza here is average. It's not bad, but it's not the best pizza I've ever had, either. Was it worth $9.75 for a 12" personal pizza? No. I paid with a Fox Restaurants gift card, so I can't complain too much about a "free for me" meal. I would probably not come back again if it was on my dime. Also, my pizza was a little bit burnt on the crust. It was edible, but I was surprised that they served me slightly burnt pizza at the price of $9.75. My fiance's wasn't-- in fact, they remade his entire pizza and didn't even send it out to us because it had a hole in the crust.
5	Last minute dinner plans found me at Sauce last night. Not exactly my first visit, but I had not been there in some time. The friend and I decided to share the roasted portobello and artichoke bruschetta which we though was quite ok but nothing sensational. Next we sampled the vegetable salad. We both found the mix of fresh vegetables with a little drizzle of dressing very tasty. This salad combines carrots, asparagus, corn, tomatoes, avocados and a little parmesean cheese. It hit all the taste sensations, there was crunch, some sweet , a little bit of creamy and a small amount of sharp from the cheese. We polished off every morsel before relishing our pizza. Now my absolute favorite pizza at Sauce is the rosemary potato. Firstly I for one really enjoy the thin crust on Sauces pizza. It makes me feel less guilty about eating pizza and there is more flavor to enjoy rather than eating a large amount of dough. Large perfectly sliced potatoes are nestled between cheese, spinach and tapenade on this scrumptious creation and I relished every bite. The potatoes are perfectly cooked, the spinach provides interest and the occasional bite that lends some tapenade to the combination balances out all the flavors with its salty, earthy elements. The rosemary infuses this delight with a green freshness and earthiness. We were blissfully happy with our dinner. It was the first time my friend had tried the rosemary potato and she was surprised at how good potatoes could be on a pizza!Service is always quick and friendly and Sauce is not to hard on the wallet either. The atmosphere is very casual and the restaurant is always clean and inviting.Will be back soon!
3	Probably my favorite thing to eat here are their salads - they are always packed with great tasting, high-quality ingredients (and tasty combinations).  They come in good portions, but honestly they are not as filling as other "salad" places I've ordered from.  I've tried their pizzas before, but have never found them memorable.  Their bruschetta was OK - again, not amazing.  Maybe I need to venture out and try more pizzas and more dishes...Their service has always been prompt and friendly - I like how it is walk-up and pay, but you get table-side service afterwards... Pei Wei should do something like this.  They come by often for anything you might need mid-meal: extra bread, extra butter, extra wine (okay, maybe that's just me!).They have decent wine (in case it's a liquid lunch ;-) ... hey, sometimes you just want to drink you calories) to accompany your panini or salad or pizza.  The seating outdoors is nice and relaxing when it's not over 100deg F!
4	Can't really say anything bad about this place, but it did not knock me off my feet. I went to use a Veebow discount at a restaurant next door, but saw that this was a lil more kid friendly so we stopped in. Pros: Pizza was really good, not great, but really good. Salads was good as well, the food was not bad at all. They had a mac and chees for my son which I caught my wife enjoying as well.All in all, we are going to help promote this business, because of friendly mgr and staff. They will keep seeing us there over and over.This place is Good.
4	Been here 2 times and ordered the following:Chicken pesto pizzaChicken broccoli pastaLasagna ( came with a side of bread and butter!)..the pepperoni and sausage pizza with mushrooms on top (I forgot the exact name/combo)+1 Restaurant cleanliness, comfort & ambiance. I really like the interior layout of this location. +1 Fast service+1 Good portions for both the pastas and pizzas+1 Chicken broccoli pasta, lasagna, and the extra bread on the side! +1 For the pizzas. Delicious. Fresh ingredients. -1 Cashier was rude when we had a miscommunication about our order, but it got resolved quickly by the manager ( I think that's who she was?). Overall I think it's a great place with great food. It's not OMG WOW but it's definitely somewhere I'd recommend people to go to + I  can't wait to come back to try their paninis and salads!
4	Have been here a few times for lunch. The pizza selections are good. Had the Arugula with Truffles pizza, which was really good the first time, but another time I did not get the truffle flavor (guess they ran out of the truffle oil). The chicken with pine nuts and gorgonzola cheese salad is a must-have.
4	Wood-fired pizzas.  Chopped salads.  What's not to like?Sauce offers a consistently good product.  My portabella and artichoke pizza ($10) was perfectly round, and enough for 1 large serving or two small servings.  The crust was thin and even and nicely charred on the bottom.  The slices were easy to pick up and fold.  The sauce and cheese were good, but not outstanding.  The portabella mushrooms were cut into ribbons and looked almost like anchovies.  The artichokes were the star of the dish.  Many places will just peel off thin layers of the artichoke heart for a topping, but Sauce actually sliced the artichoke heart into chunks, so it stayed juicy and had some substance.  It was a nice presentation.My wife was not enamored with her chopped vegetable salad ($7), although I liked it.  I thought the chopped asaragus and corn added some distinctive flavors.  Dining with my wife often requires footnotes.  (1) She subbed feta cheese for parmesan and was happy with that tradeoff.  (2) She noticed they forgot avocado in the salad, which the restaurant corrected by bringing out a small dish of avocado.  Accidents happen.  At least they fixed it promptly and courteously.It's not the food that bugs me at Sauce; it's the atmosphere.  They're serving an upscale product in a fast casual setting.  After ordering at the counter, food is served in a dining area not unlike an office cafeteria.  The patio is no better, overlooking a parking lot and a dumpster.  It's not a place to reminisce over a glass of wine (which they sell.)Am I expecting too much from a fast casual restaurant with reasonable prices?... probably.  I'm calling this a "me" problem and giving 4 stars based on the food alone.
3	This is the only Fox concept that I really like. Good food, consistent, fast.My only concern is that it's way over priced for what you get and at least at this location, they aren't able to pin a specific demographic. I think of Fox's concepts as overpriced lame food for Scottsdale wannabes but wit Sauce at least the taste of the food is decent and the prices are not a rip off (although not inexpensive).Sauce could be a great alternative for kid's friendly places but for way less money you can take your kids to other similar more appealing places.I had a brushetta (too salty) and a vegetable salad. I usually order this two items and this was the first time (among plenty) that I was disappointed with the brushetta. My daughter had her very fav Mac and Cheese which usually is really good but this time she didn't finished it :( It wasn't as good as usual.My mom got a pepperoni, mushroom, onion pizza which was pretty good, crunchy and full of flavor. All in all Sauce is a good place to grab a bite, but that's all.
3	I hate to be the party pooper, but i'm not as excited as everyone else when it comes to Sauce. I think the concept is great and their food is super fresh. However, their prices don't really bring a bang-for-buck concept, and neither are their portions.I stood in line and the second it was time for me to order, their computers went down. Now, I completely understand that this was an unexpected circumstance (during lunch hour rush, even worse) but I believe it could've been handled better. Instead of us waiting 10-15mins (as the line grew larger) and the ladies telling us "just one more minute!" they could have grabbed our orders and started cooking them, letting us pay later, providing a discount for the troubles or really done any kind of effort to amend the situation. None of those happened.I got the mixed veggie salad which came with a dinner roll. At $7, I didn't find the small (mostly leafy) salad to really be worth what I paid for and for the time that I waited (sitting, not including the computer mess). I thought the salad was fresh and simple, didn't have any surprising flavor and didn't make me rave about Sauce. I do, however, feel like a complete idiot for not checking Yelp first and ordering the secret salad, but if I ever find myself having to come back, that's what I will do.Sorry, a mediocre 3 stars for now. Stay tuned...
4	I live ridiculously close to Sauce so we get take-out from there frequently and have never had a bad experience.  The Vegetable Chop Salad is full of fresh vegetables and almost makes me feel like it cancels out the pizza and booze I'm about to consume.We've tried the Sausage and Pepperoni, which also has roasted red peppers, red onion, and crimini mushrooms, Sausage and Carmelized Onion, Portobello & Artichoke, and Rosemary Potato thin crust pizzas.  All great with a crisp crust and fresh toppings.  Those carmelized onions are downright magical!  Each time we call and pick up the food the service has been fast and friendly.  Sauce thin crust pizza is a great choice when we want fresh pizza that's not going to throw us into a food coma.  Maybe I'll try something else on the menu, but the ones I mentioned are so good, we have a hard time choosing just one or two.  And, as a bonus, the leftovers make a great breakfast the next morning with a fried egg on top.  Delicious!!
2	The quality of the food here is pretty consistent and good BUT the last few trips to Sauce in Chandler have produced meals that are barely warm and the portion size has shrunk to the size of a kids meal. :(  Unfortunately, tonight we had to send two meals back - both were lukewarm at best.
3	The first Fox Restaurant Concepts restaurant I've been to. Friend and I enjoyed the pizza and wine deal for $10? I believe.I remember their sangria being really delicious but didn't really enjoy the fact that they had you pay/order at the front before being seated. Being a pizza restaurant and all, this aspect of the restaurant classed it down a lot.
3	I am not sure why I had never been to this Sauce before since it is fairly close to my home. But I went there a couple weeks ago with my sisters and it was a-ok. I am not a huge fan of their pizza but I do like their pasta and salads. I've eaten lunch a few times at the one in Scottsdale which I think is ridiculously slow but this Ocotillo location seems to have great service. I have a feeling I will return.
4	Had lunch, it was good. Nice sized portion of lasagna. Wish it came with another piece of bread for sopping up the sauce I'd go again.
5	They have amazing pizza and I love the laid back vibe. It's probably my favorite pizza ever (and I've had a lot of pizza). Would definitely recommend!
5	Home of my favorite salad in the world.... The TURKEY FETA!!Also, home of an incredible lunch special. This location is right by my office and is a regular lunch spot for my crew. $10 gets you Pasta, Salad & Drink. I honestly love all of the pastas on the menu and just rotate what I order. They're all fantastic!My fiance joined me last time and got the bruschetta and it was also divine. Deliciously toasted bread - a very nice touch!!
4	get yourself the rosemary potato pizza with everything on it and you'll be happy, and satisfied. if i were to describe it, it would be, YUM!
4	We have stopped at Sauce a couple times now to either dine-in or take out a pizza.  The summer special (pizza, salad, 2 drinks) is a great deal.  I'm a fan of the thin crust. It has a great texture, and I like that it is not crispy.  I find that I like the red sauce pizzas better, and they seem to be a little less oily.  The dining experience is casual but great, and the take out is very prompt.
3	Nice spot for lunch in Chandler.  Quick.  Good quality.  Salads, sandwiches, pizzas and pastas.  Nothing was spectacular but also nothing was bad.  Group of 6 ordered 2 pizzas, a pasta and 3 salads.  Chicken, spinach, and apple salad was better than mixed green and Caesar.  The real highlight of the meal was the portobello and artichoke bruschetta.
4	Grandkids brought me here. They love the Mac and cheese. I had a12" thin crusted  pizza. It was delicious. The you ng help were delightful and attentive. Will come back for sure when back in town.
4	Three Words: Macaroni and Cheese!  You can also opt for a side of mac & cheese to save room for one of their fresh salads or a thin crust pizza.Sauce is a casual place good for both lunch and dinner. During summer they offer a summer sampler which includes a pizza, salad and 2 glasses of wine for only $20!
3	The food was pretty good. I had a salmon and kale salad, and the bf had the pizza. Only complaint, my salad came out a few minutes after we placed our order and then had to wait at least 10+ minutes for his pizza. I don't understand when people come to an establishment to dine together they can't aim to serve the food at the same time. It's just awkward.  Other than that, I was pleased with my meal.
4	Great place for lunch! I love the thin crust pizzas, my favorite is the "Potato & Rosemary" pizza...so unique & delicious, & I love that it's Vegetarian & still packed with flavor.The Vegetable salad is also delicious! Loaded with chopped fresh veggies & a nice mild dressing, makes you feel like you're eating Healthy even though you're eating pizza :)No complaints here, I will definitely be back!
2	This is supposed to be a semi fast food restaurant where you order at the counter, and they bring your food over when it was ready.  Took over an hour to get our pasta on a slow Wednesday night.  Staff's excuse was they forgot they ran out of pasta and had to make some.  Also forgot our appetizer for 45 mins.
4	We frequent Sauce a few times a month and love their gluten free and thin crust pizza, as well as their salads.  Its convenient, relatively quick and close to our house, making it a good option for us.  The one thing we have noticed that is really irritating with Sauce is they are almost "too" eager to take away your plates as you finish your meal.  This is a place where you order, get a number and then they deliver your food to you, so not a sit down restaurant with a server.  I will have barely finished putting the fork in my mouth for my last bite of food and here comes the 17 year old kid to ask me if he can take my plate. I'm still chewing my last bit and here he comes.... This always happens!  It's like they are watching from the back and having a contest between the teenagers that work there of who can get to the tables and remove the dishes the fastest.  While it's nice they want to remove the dirty dishes, it becomes annoying because they do this for every dish on your table as you finish, interrupting your meal several times.  They also tend to send the teenage workers around to ask how your meal is tasting a bit too much, as well.  I told 4 people the food tasted "fine", "great", "very delicious" the other evening when we were there.  It's making me want to get the food to go ALWAYS.  Hey, wait a minute!  Maybe that's Sauce's strategy all along and it finally worked with us.  Hmmm.
4	good place to grab a nice sit down lunch. order at the counter and food is brought to you. wine beer. pasta. good thin crust pizza. nice salads. kids menu. some outdoor seating to enjoy the great weather
3	Pizza was ho hum okay.  Nothing special.  Had the portabello and artichoke pizza with added wild mushroom.  The toppings were scant, almost non-existent.  With almost "no toppings", it feels like eating flavored crusts. :)  The pizza didn't slow me down after lunch, which is always nice.
4	Mmmmmm... I love their bruschetta.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it.  We've tried a few of their different pizzas and salads.  My favorite salad has been the Chicken Spinach Apple salad, which is a close second to their bruschetta.  The atmosphere is good, but nothing special.
3	I pretty much have always had a great experience with the Fox Restaurant Concepts, especially when it comes to the food so I'm pretty disappointed. We went in for lunch and ordered the pesto chicken pizza and the chicken & pine nut salad (substituted feta cheese for the gorgonzola cheese, romaine lettuce for the mixed greens, and asked for ranch dressing instead of the gorgonzola vinaigrette). First, the chicken on the pizza was really dry, however it was still pretty tasty due to the pesto sauce & perfectly cooked crust (We ordered the hand-tossed). The chicken in the salad was not seasoned at all and the tomatoes were a bit smooshy, not very fresh. I understand the ranch is different at every restaurant but the one here was ... Interesting. I know for sure I wouldn't order this again ... & I guess I'm still undecided as to whether to return or not.
5	We go here all the time we love their pizza and salads. It is one of our go to spots when we do not feel like cooking. THey are great! My son loves the Mac & Cheese! The pizza is thin crust and crispy!
4	I come here with my wife at least 2-3 times per month, it is a win, plain and simple. Good, QUALITY, fresh, modern food, not cheap and commercial junk like you'd see at applebee's or chili's. You can taste the difference here, and it's fresh quality, FOX restaurants are a solid brand, they use good ingredients, they have an effective system, I'm always impressed.If you work and live by ocotillo, come here for lunch or dinner, you'll be happy.
5	The bruschetta is amazing! It's not the typical toasted thin bread- This is thick, warm and soft- with large chunks of tomatoes, and mozzarella cheese- with a flavorful pesto spread...I also ordered the seasonal salad which was equally as amazing! The place is casual but perfect for lunch or dinner with a wonderful atmosphere!
5	While everybody mentions this for lunch, may I say Sauce in Chandler is a good place for families for dinner! We had gone there one evening and found the place reasonably full, with patrons. Not too noisy and nor uncomfortably quiet. The smells were awesome, and we saw the ovens going so opted to try the pizza which is what they are known for. Good choice as they were fresh and delish! I can't recall which ones we ordered but our take-out was just 1 slice from the 3 pizzas so let's just say they were enjoyed :D Yes we added the crushed red peppers - but then we add that to everything - but overall it was good! And we hope to get out there again!
4	Had the spicy sausage pize and vegetable salad.  Came in at 12:15 and the place was packed with the lunchtime rush.  But we still had our food in about 7 minutes after ordering.Net:  Very solid food at reasonable prices.  Really healthy menu, and has several gluten-free options for those who require that.  Great lunch place if you're in a bit of a hurry but are looking to try to stay on the healthy side.
3	I heard a lot of good things about this place, so we finally paid a visit.  The decor was not what I expected.  It reminded me of Chipotle (burritos).  A big menu on the wall, you stand in line and when you get to the front you place your order and pay.  I had thought this would be more like Grimaldi's.So the pizza comes.  It was small (that's how they do it).  But it was tasty.  Was it outstanding?  Not really.  It was good.  But didn't seem to live up to the hype.As my rating says, it's fine.  But nothing special with a disappointing ambiance.
5	Love this restaurant, great salads and sandwiches!  This is one of my favorites restaurants in all of AZ.. The Arugula salad is so delicious, plus I am a fan of their turkey panini.  Please come to Casa Grande!We are so limited here in variety of healthy dining!
5	The chicken cesar pizza was fresh and the crust was soft and crunchy.. Light but feeling.
5	I had a great experience at this Sauce location. The service was friendly, quick, and very attentive. The food was well executed (we ordered a chicken Caesar salad and two pizzas) and delivered to our table quickly. Several times during the meal a server stopped by to check on us and we even had the pleasure of meeting one of the managers who made a personal visit to ensure that we were satisfied. I will definitely be dining here again in the near future.
3	The service was great we went here for a work lunch it was very busy. The food was not spectacular but ok. The ambiance was good. I had the meatballs and pasta and the pasta was overcooked but the sauce was good. It was like pasta fast food . Im use to the mom and pop places or non chain restaurants.
5	Sauce is always consistently great food for reasonable prices and quick to get in and out.  Their ingredients always seem fresh and high quality.  The staff at this location are always very friendly and quick to make things right if anything goes wrong.  My favorite dish is the Caprese Salad (get it with chicken)!  The croutons are to die for.  Also the pizzas are awesome.   To start it off the Caprese Bruschetta is tasty.  For desert the Tiramisu is one of the better I've had.All this for $10/person and in and out of there in 30 minutes..
5	I really enjoyed the food here. I had the roasted vegetable salad with a cup of tomato soup. Wowee.....the tomato soup was great! Looking forward to trying other salads here in the future.
