5	If you want to get a meaningfull, highly educated and life changing workout then you need to get your butt into PREMIER FITNESS SYSTEMS!These trainers are highly trained and educated and will whip you into shape before you know it. Not only will they be in your face with encouragment and energy they are telling you exactly what your working out what muscles are being sculpted. They break...it...down!Fun music and the its not a gym...its a play ground for the entire family. Its out of the box and innovative. They give you nothing but the best because they are the best and I highly recommend that you get in there today!
5	I have tried many dozen diets and programs for losing weight in my life but none worked.  I started seeing Brandon for personal training 3 months ago and I am in better shape than when I played football every day!  Premier Fitness is for anyone who is serious about getting fit and truly strong.  The staff are extremely knowledgeable and patient but motivating.  I now know how the contestants on those fitness shows feel when they get into better shape than they have ever been!  Thank you Brandon! You rock!  HooHaa!
5	I love this place! I am not much of a gym rat but I have been changing my behavior with the help of Sean, Brandon and Premier Fitness.Ambiance: The gym is spotless. No lingering dirty sock smell or moldy, stuffy bathrooms like the big box gyms, you can tell these guys really care about every detail. The equipment is all new, state of the art and easy on the eyes. The people who attend classes here are different ages, different body types and different levels of strength and flexibility but everyone is friendly and community oriented. Team: Sean and Brandon's evolution classes are stellar. Sean's classes are challenging and you walk out knowing your body is better for it. Brandon is perennially positive and a wonderful motivator. He makes you want to work out harder. (There are other trainers and classes but I only have experience with these two during the evolution classes)Results: After weekend classes with these guys and week day morning cardio I am starting to see some changes that will make summer swimsuit season a bit more pleasant this year. Bahamas here I come!I would encourage anyone who is looking for motivation to get in shape to stop by for a Saturday evolution class. You will look great and feel even better!
5	Though I am not currently training, I have been a licenced personal trainer for years.  I have the same issues of motivation that everyone else has and fully believe that even trainers need trainers from time to time!  Routines get boring and progress can begin to slow down.  I wanted to go to a studio that could challenge me and put some life back into my workouts.  I found Premier Fitness Systems and after 2 intro workouts I was hooked and bought a package.  Brandon is a phenominal trainer that has the ability to push you to your limit (and often well past it)!  The studio is immaculate and the range of unique equipment is literally the best I have seen.  If your looking for the best private studio, in my personal and professional opinion, Premier Fitness Systems is the gold standard. Do Work!
5	I hope this doesn't happen to you other dads out there. Hanging out at the pool in late July 2011 with my youngest daughter Ella (4 years old) she made a statement that I will never forget.  "Dad, are you pregnant?" I was blown away by this question and she was dead serious. Don't little kids say the funniest / honest things? I wish adults could get away with that.Anyway, I finally got the motivational kick in the butt I needed to start taking care of myself. It was not that I was really "that" out of shape / overweight but all the fat was in my belly and as I started getting closer to the 40 year old mark my fast metabolism I used to have significantly slowed down. Sorry my beloved McDonald's but we are officially done!I was introduced to Brandon (one of the owners) at Premier Fitness Systems through a friend and my only regret is not meeting him sooner. I have been training with Brandon about 3x/week for past 11 weeks and wanted to share my experience with the Yelp community as I strongly recommend you give them a call if you are serious about your health (shouldn't everyone be?). I don't personally see a huge visual change in my body but my wife and friends say they definitely see a change. Last week or so I am definitely now starting to see some changes and feels really good getting into some of my old clothes. Regardless of the visual change I am feeling amazing. Brandon has been tracking my results each month and the proof is definitely in the numbers and seeing those results is beyond encouraging.When my daughter shocked me with her question I was at my heaviest I've been in my life at almost 170 lbs. At 5'10" this was not that overweight but I used to always be around 155 lbs and that extra 15 lbs was clearly sitting in my jolly expanding belly. I immediately started eating better and the weight slowly started to come off.  Around 3rd week of August I started working with Brandon and learning about proper posture when exercising, nutrition, and many other helpful tips. Their tag-line of Energy, Passion, and Results is exactly what their team is all about.My 1st set of measurements were taken on August 31, 2011 where I was down to 160 lbs but still over 22% body fat. Almost all of that was in my belly (abdominal skin-fold) with my chest (man boob area) being 2nd biggest problem area.Fast forward about 9 weeks later to my latest body fat calculations on November 11, 2011 and I am down to 153 lbs (lost 7 more lbs) and my body fat is down to 17.5% (reduced by 4.7%). I am very much looking forward to my next set of measurements hoping I am below 16% body fat. I popped on the scale this morning and am at 149 lbs - wow! Brandon and the team at Premier Fitness, I wanted to sincerely thank you for all that you do and hope sharing my story earns you new clients. Just please don't get too busy that you can't continue to help me. :-)
5	I've been a client at Premier Fitness Systems for over 1  1/2 years now and I am addicted to the newly created bootcamp class!!  If you're looking for trainers with excellent skills, motivating attitudes, and fresh and new ideas to help with your goals, you've found your place.  Brandon pushes me to be a better, stronger person.  Helps me work towards my goals, and truly cares about me as a client.  I couldn't ask for a better environment!
5	As if they couldn't be any more fun, Premier Fitness Systems has built a program that not only keeps you healthy all week, it will keep u healthy your whole life!It's called Empower90 Challenge! It's a challenge to stay healthy,active,fit,stronger and confident for 90 days straight. I have already started my 90 days and I already feel revived! Oh and the best part is they are giving away prizes to those who have the most dramatic 90 days! Just email them a before photo and an after photo then register. It's so much fun and some many people are doing it!If you have not made your new years health resolution start today! It's a challenge for today, for tomorrow, for life!
5	I don't even know where to begin...I absolutely LOVE Premier Fitness Systems and training with Brandon Harris. He is absolutely amazing and he is stuck with me for a long, long time.  After working with him at Premier Fitness, I can't even imagine going back to my old routine.I am a busy mother of 3 young kids (4, 6 and 10), wife, business owner, room mom, advocate for a domestic violence shelter, etc. etc. ... and I would not miss a chance to train with PFS and Brandon.  I am in the best shape of my life and have never felt better (my first month training at Premier Fitness Systems resulted in a 3% body fat reduction).My husband and I have been training for years and were bored with our workouts and the scenery at our gym,  It took Brandon and Premier Fitness to make it fun again and to help take us to the next level.  He challenges us in ways that we never were able to do on our own.  Each workout is different and exciting (I'm using equipment and doing exercises that I could never do on my own) and I always leave there feeling like I just accomplished something big!  Lastly, It's great to train and have my workouts just be about me without the distractions at the large national gyms that I've always gone too. I get there and from the moment I walk in the door, it is me and my workout... nothing else!I encourage anyone looking to take it to the next level, accomplish any fitness goal, make working out exciting again, lose weight, look your absolute best, etc. to call Premier Fitness Systems.
5	I can't say enough good things about Premier. I bought a Living Social deal for a month of unlimited bootcamp, and I am so happy I did! The way they organized everything was well thought out, and the classes are just the right size. I was concerned the classes would be too big, and we wouldn't get the right individual attention. This was not the case at all. They push you just hard enough to where they leave you sore for days, but you want to come back to the classes! They pay careful attention to technique, and give tips to each individual person based on their level/needs. My favorite thing about the bootcamp classes are the trainers. They are so genuine, and passionate about what they do. Of course that makes all the difference, but they are just 100% real, and that's what I'm looking for. I've been to a few cheesy gyms, with some cheesy trainers, and you won't find that at Premier. If you want some training from some real people who know what they are doing, give this place try.
5	Although a friend brought me here by telling me about their awesome free Saturday boot camps she's been attending, as I was signing up for today's class, one of their flyers captured my attention. It asked "Are you bored of your regular workout routine?" and then I don't know what the rest said, because I was already thinking, "Heck yeah! I always do get bored easily!"After today's boxing boot camp with Alex, they definitely "walk the walk" when making fitness challenging yet fun. The energy level of the trainers here is incredible. The theme is, "Never give up." Today was just a taste of what their boxing classes are actually like. We did boxing drills, but the true working out with boxing gloves and contact occur on Thursday evenings, but even though this class was just a "sample," it definitely kicked everyone's derriere. There were grimaces, sweat flying everywhere, groans, and then also laughter. Not the typical combination you would get when you're working out hard. That's what makes this place unique. You can tell they are striving for a fun, yet motivational atmosphere. I know you may not feel that way when doing plank jumping jacks or boxing squats, but you'll feel amazing at the end.If I didn't live a light year away in the west valley, I would be here on a daily basis if I could! But when I'm in the area, I will definitely return and get some pointers about how to improve my fitness routine. There's always room for improvement, and the staff here loves to show you how (after all, that's what they're "trained" for)!!!
5	Absolutely Recommend This place !!! Great people,very good energy they know what they are doing ,this place make you want to work out every single day , I felt such aPositive energy and vibes from this place want to go more Often they are not nearby from me but worth the drive!!! love the boot camp on saturday
5	The Saturday Dynamic Flow classes are awesome! Brandon does an amazing job of making us focus on our core and glutes with each exercise and walks us through the positions for optimal results. The class is a full hour and is the perfect weekend workout. The class has a mixture of cardio, strength training, and plyometrics. I have now gone to this class for a couple of weeks and am going to continue to go!
5	The Dynamic Flow fitness class is the best workout I've ever gotten! Brandon is an amazing trainer who makes sure everyone gets the best workout possible. He's always pushing everyone to make it count and get the best results. The class is a great combination of cardio and strength. I will definitely continue to attend this class!
