5	Visiting from hawaii and visited this store. You can almost find every part you need in this store! Well stocked and very clean! must say one of my favorite RC shops.
5	The staff here are friendly upfront and give great suggestions along with exceptional customer service. Not to mention I have found my purchased to be fairly priced. I have purchased my flight simulator, trainer plane and my 2nd plane from Bob's. This is a great store with lots of parts and selection for both Plane and cars/truck enthusiast.
5	What a great shop!! Huge selection, great people. I am visiting from CO where I had just purchased a truck with a faulty transmitter. Even though I did not purchase the truck from Bob's they kindly replaced the transmitter and switched my docking base to the new one free of charge. Thanks to Bob's for getting me back up and running without having to wait 2 weeks for a replacement from the manufacturer.Now folks THAT is the way to do business and that's why YOU should go to Bob's!
2	Bobs RC is not that friendly at all. In fact I've visited more than once and all occasions the owners gave me an un welcomed look and demeanor. Not sure if this store is meant for certain demographics only (hint,hint) but I'm not spending my money here anymore. They are big on cars both electric and gas but that's about it. I'm a flyer and therefore I went to this place for airplane parts, and by the looks of it that's not the favorite subject around the store. The lady is ok, but not knowledgeable at all (did not know what an EDF was and that's basic stuff peoples).  The plane parts are to the east of the store, and a complete wreck. Took me almost half an hour to find parts as no one came to help. No accurate inventory or organized system. During a visit a customer was returning a damaged nitro car and by the vibe the manager had it looked like they were in for some words. Looked like a $400 item and was not getting the support that was deserved. Good luck to him. Overall I'm not a happy customer and will not return to this place. Stick to online stuff and save as the prices here are not very competitive. The reason for the two stars and not one is because they do have a decent selection of hardware (but you gotta dig threw them to find what your are looking for).  Currently working on a home made drone and could use the ease of close by shopping for parts but I rather wait for the mail to be honest, that's how welcomed I felt here.
5	Been here a couple times very friendly Nathan and David are very helpful...I'm new to this and have given me lots of pointers best rc spot so far been to 2 others shops by far this is the best
