4	A neat little wine shop in an out-of-the way strip mall off Cave Creek Rd.  I'm told they have a great wine tasting on Fridays, but I haven't been able to make it in.  They carry a lot of AZ wines, so this little spot was the first thing to come to mind when I was looking for a bottle of Pillsbury Wine Company's 2007 Diva for a recent birthday.  I found it right away - it was literally the first label I read.  I was a bit bummed because I didn't get a chance to talk to the owner.  The website didn't list the Diva among the wines stocked, but I'm really glad I stopped in anyway - it gave me a chance to finally see this place for myself.  I know I'll be back, despite my torrid affair with Total Wine.  My relationship with this place is more of a dalliance, at least so far...
5	I stopped in here last week because it is directly across from my dry cleaners. I was having friends over to meet mine and JD's new pup-pup and needed some white wine to serve along with the beers I already had. One of the proprieters was behind the counter and was extremely helpful in picking out just the right bottles for my price range and taste. She told me about the wine tastings that they have as well and that if you go-get there early because they fill up quick. I will definitely hit this place up again for help trying new wines instead of making a random guess at Albertson's.
5	I LOVE this place! The owners have created a place that I now think of as my "Cheers".  Not only are they knowledgeable, but they are so willing to help you find what you need and you do not have to be nervous about asking any question. The wine tastings on Friday's are great, but you do have to get there early.
5	I'd been holding off on a review because I love this place so much and I didn't want to let the cat out of the bag and have the demand foil my ability to enjoy weekly wine tastings, but I think it's time to share the good news. Cave Creek Wines has a great tasting/wine class on Fridays. They start at 6 p.m. and it's $10. Here's what you need to know: It's casual. The most popular question is often "what is the alcohol content in this?" If you get there too late for the sofas or tables, you will be seated in white plastic lawn furniture accompanied by TV trays. They can only seat 45 people. The tasting starts at 6 but people start getting there as early as 4. Depending on what they're tasting it could be full before 5, certainly 5:30. You can find out what they're tasting by subscribing to their email blast or reading it here: http://cavecreekwines.com/discussion (You can also read about the other fun stuff they organize here). Fair warning: There's no warm fuzzy apology or begging you to come back another time if you get turned away. You can bring your own snacks and buy a bottle (or glass) to enjoy while you stake your claim to seats for the main event. There are quite a few regulars but they are welcoming and friendly. Don't be afraid to share your snacks with them. Shortly before 6, Bob (of Bob & Lisa, the owners) will make an announcement that the food is ready. You can help yourself to bread, olive oil, cheese, grapes and, usually, some hot item like brisket, ravioli or meatballs. Though, sometimes it is a cold item like pasta salad. Tasting starts promptly at 6. Make sure your cell phone is off and plan to pay attention or you'll get teased. Another warning: there will be a joke of some sort. Usually it is a distributor doing the presentation. Sometimes, it's the actual winemaker. Each of the 6 generous pours, (probably close to 2 oz. each) is introduced. You will learn something about the grape varietal, growing conditions, the winemaker, the region, the process... and, by tasting it and hearing the explanation so close together, over time, you will learn to discern what you like and why you like it! You can and should ask questions! That's how we all learn!! Finish your pour before they come around with the next one. There's no waiting. You snooze you loose. And, for God's sake, it's not like it's a full glass - no dumping! If you don't like it, surely someone else near by will finish it -- at least offer! ;) The wines that are tasted are 10% off that evening. One last tip on how to find it: it's on the northeast corner of Cave Creek and Rose Garden. The first light north of the 101. It's behind the Shell station, and the most visible sign simply says "WINE" in red letters. Seriously, it's a great value. I've been going for about 3 years. For about 2 of them, it was my Friday evening ritual. I learned a lot as a result. I'm grateful. I'm paying it forward...
5	OH , How i dont want to review this because it my little hidden gem!! MINE MINE MINE::))Local Staff- I have to do the people and the owners in the same catagory. Bob and Lisa are just to two best owners. Lisa is just a ton of fun and Bob is full of knowledge. Always there to fill your glass and have great conversation. I say the locals of the bar are always chatty too and everyone seems to offer you a taste of their wine if you have never tried it. It really feels like your a your friends dinner party, minus the food.Cheesy Things- Although it is a wine bar at not offering food, you can pick from a selection cheeses and salami and crackers that they will put together for you. If thats not enough order a pizza from down the street and eat it up, just be sure to make sure you get enought for everyone:) lolVino- its al amazingly priced wine at what seems to be an average of 16 or so dollars. Largest selection of Arizona Wines!! plus a few beers, Champagne and sparakling wine to choose from.Parties- They do theme parties once a month , the 50's night was great raising money for charity. Every Friday and Sat they do tasting as well.Break it Down Jess- Just by far one of the hidden gems, that i dont want anyone to know about because im selfish ha ha. you will always feel wecome by everyone there and be part of the family in no time. oh yeah did I mention NO CORKING FEE. yeah, thats right... See you there soon!
5	Quick update to the wine tasting. The wine class now costs $20 per person but you receive a voucher for $10 valid that evening only on any bottle of wine.  All the featured wines are still 10% off. Seriously, even at $20 it's a great value.
