5	I needed the straps to a really expensive purse that my sister owned to be repaired. It was also a blueish leather, which seemed like a pretty difficult fix. The owner of this shop was really nice and walked me through the process he would do, and also gave me a quote as to what to expect once this was fixed. A few days later, I came back and the purse looked fantastic. He dyed the leather to match the rest of the bag, double stitched the edges to avoid the straps from breaking apart again, and even added the original rivets back in to maintain the integrity of the bag. He also fixed it for only $60, which was great considering the quality of work he put into it. He recently changed his policy so you have to pre-pay in advance, but that's ok, because he's already fixing your stuff, you might as well pay him for it. Great place, will definitely come back for shoe and other leather repairs! He guarantees his work for if it ever needs a touch up as well
1	WARNING! Do NOT go here for expensive purses!! they ruined three very expensive purses.  One they broke the clasp of my Kooba, the other one smelled aweful from the chemical they used, and the inside was disgusting. I thought there couldn't be harm a woven one in the washing machine at that point, before I threw them all out, and the washing machine did a much much better job!! The other white kooba purse they died it yellow. Very very disappointed, had to throw out 1k worth of purses.
1	Terrible! Ok, this is the story. I needed my purse repaired. The little flaps that held on the strap were breaking where they attached to the purse. When I dropped it off, the young woman working there was pleasant. I had only noticed a problem with the one side but she pointed out that both were separating. She asked me if I wanted both fixed, as it costs more. I told her that I did. When I went in to pick it up, it was the same woman working. Only one side had been repaired and I pointed it out to her. She apologized and said didn't know why they only fixed one side. A few days later I received a phone call from a gentleman saying hat my purse had been there a long time and he was reminding me to pick it up. I explained the situation, how only one side was repaired. He stated he remembered when I dropped it off and that I didn't pay for both sides to be repaired. I told him that a woman was working both times when I was in the store not him, and then he said he would talk to her. I picked up my purse today and the one side is repaired ok (not great but passable) but the other side is horrible. The repair is completely buckled in and as a result the two sides look very different. When you look inside, the stitching is messy and bulges out significantly. They replaced the leather that constitutes the loops, and the leather they used looks very cheap. It is a different type of leather and they color is off. It looks like they just used leather scraps.  Now I will have to take it elsewhere to have this corrected. I will never use this shop again.
5	I think this place is THE best - they cleaned my Gucci Diaper bag to where the dry cleaners could NOT do it - Cobblers Den made it look new! I had unremoveable spots on 2 purses (a Michael Kors leather and Cole Haan leather) and they dyed them the EXACT color and they look new! And they have fixed a few straps on some of my shoes...the Scottsdale office is down the street from me - so I went there and have not felt I needed to shop around at all - they are always friendly and I appreciate their love of my handbags and shoes is as strong as MY love for the goods I bring to them. They are great - I swear by them. Shelley :)
1	I had two pairs of men's shoes dyed.   He said they would be dark brown, the only shade of brown he could do.   When I picked them up, if you didn't know these were "dark brown", you would swear they were black.   Also, one shoe had a spot right on top in a visible area, where the dye had apparently been wiped off before it dried.   I pointed it out to them, and they took it in the back and touched it up.     The work was poor, and expensive.    Never again will I take anything there.
5	This is the best shop I've ever found for shoes and luggage.  Mack is a master craftsman and extremely friendly and helpful.  For what he does, his charges are very reasonable.
5	I had a really refreshing experience here...Refreshing? Yes. I stopped in today and asked if they stretched boots, the nice man said "yes" so I went out to my car to get the shoes. After taking a look he so honestly informed me that the design and suede material of the boots would make them very difficult to stretch and he told me the exact reasons why..zipper, material, etc.It was so nice for him to take the time to talk to me about my best option and not just taking the boots and stretching them with possibly bad results.I will return here each time I am in need of shoe repair just because of the man's kindness and honesty.
1	I have tried to use this place twice....one purse handle repair on an expensive handbag - turned out awful with peeling edges and black glue all over.  I sent it back to them but the owner assured me that it was the purse and not the repair work.Because this place is nearby my work and I was new to the area, I decided to give them one more try.  The second chance was a bad idea!  This time the owner was even ruder than before and absolutely ruined my wedding shoes.   He attempted to dye them royal blue (which he did on a sample and said it would be fine) and they turned out an uneven periwinkle - horrible!  Luckily the shoe store (Dillards at Fashion Square - Thanks Jason) took them back.  Bad dye job and all!Please save yourself the anguish and use anyone else for repairs or dyes of any kind!!
4	Patronized this business to get the zipper on a pair of boots fixed.  The young man I dealt with was very nice and the zipper was fixed within a week.  They also punched extra holes in the straps because the boots were too loose on my legs.
1	I used this place 2 times to get the red sole protectors on my Louboutins. BOTH times they messed it up. This most recent time I go to pick them up and there are black scuff marks all over the bottoms of the red sole protectors on both pairs!!! It was supposed to be a quick and simple pick up but I am currently waiting outside with my tired-ready for a nap 2 year old while they attempt to fix them. Do yourself a favor and find a place that can correctly do the job!!!
1	One word: Horrible. Brought my expensive leather bag to get re dyed and now its ruined. It looks like they used cheap spray paint to recolor it. The color was blotchy and uneven and they did not even do the underside of the straps!! Also they did not even bother to shine up the hardware on my bag but left the hazy residue on all of it that took me an hour to scrub off. After carrying my bag one day the dye rubbed off the shoulder strap. I learned a very expensive lesson. Should have known something was up when they insisted I pay cash in advance. I just hope this review will help prevent this from happening to someone else.
4	I am pleased with the quality of work and speed to repair my heels. I dropped off four pairs of heels on Tuesday morning at 8:30am (actually five mins before 8:30am as the owner showed up early), and picked up all four pairs next day at 8:40am.  24 hours!He said he normally ask for three business days to complete the work as he is proud of the quality work he invest.I used to take my heels for repair to a store in Tempe because of its location, but when I compared the quality of work they did, this is far better than what I experienced before.It looks like he also used quality materials to repair my heels as well.
