4	Just came into a breakfast buffet. Good jog guys and gals. Good and not pricey
2	Come on you guys!!! Lets get it together, The consistency is getting treatable.Going to lose a good customer, plus the groups I bring in on Sundays
5	Not bad all. Love the beers
5	Who would have thought their food would be absolutely amazing!! I cannot wait to get back and try more on the menu!!! Let me start off by saying the service was decent nothing stellar, and the food was absolutely terrific. I have never had better mozzarella sticks that had amazing cheese and a light batter. Don't get me started on the dipping sauces because I am just drooling thinking about them. I was kind of bummed when the waitress took them away because I could have definitely used those sauces to dip my French fries in. Not like you really need them with their awesome fries but it would have made it a million times better. My boyfriend and his coworker got the burgers and they were MASSIVE. I didn't get to try either but they ranted and raved about them(the par 5 and the pastrami) sounded so delish on the menu.  I myself had ordered the burger wrap which was also pretty good and filling I would have liked no onions in it though not really Big on fresh cut onions. Bleh. The meat could have scattered better I think but oh we'll still pretty damn good and glad I tried it. Believe me when I say this is a must try for all!!
5	We eat here quite often, and I have to tell you that the wings and burgers are fantastic!Last night we met the manager (Jay) and he could not be any nicer.Great food, cold beer, and a great place to watch the game.We will be back.
4	Wife got the Cubano and I got the blue cheese burger and a few tacos and Dos Equis. Food was really great and definitely glad we came by, sat on the outdoor patio and enjoyed ourselves!
5	Service staff is super friendly and food is always great. Love the Bloody Mary bar on Sundays. One suggestion is to carry an IPA on draft.
5	Food was awesome!  For our appetizer we had the potato skins - so flavorful , the green chili pork with pico de gallo - OMG!  I had the simple cobb salad - romaine lettuce, tomatoes, egg, bacon, blue cheese crumbles, cucumber, avocado, red onions. Couldn't finish all of it in one sitting - beautifully prepared, and quite tasty. My husband had the Cubano sandwich and it came with homemade chips - which were so great - I ate several of them too - you know potato chips- you can't eat just one!  We will definitely be back again. Nice neighborhood place to eat, relax, watch tv, and look out the windows and watch the golfers. Friendly wait staff. All around great place to stop in for food and drinks.
5	The Pineapple Salsa & homemade chips is amazing. The Wings are great & the beer is ice cold too! Perfect place to watch the games on Sundays, EVERY game is on all the TV's!
4	Got to say after a long time of not eating here, I must say the meals have been improved 100%. Still need to pay more attention to the order taking, but good to see you guys back in the game. Keep up the new image
