4	After the rumours and stress and community pressure the good news is the Place du Quartier des Spectacles is kind of amazing. It is a perpetually evolving free public art exhibit curated around the Contemporary Arts Museum and the Place des Arts theatres. Since the construction completed we've seen giant swings, motion-activated fountains, glowing globes and giant searchlights making delightfully pointless pointillist art in the sky.
4	Beautiful place for festivals!!
4	Great place to check out and stroll through all year round, especially in the Summer and Winter time when various festivals are taking place, the whole area just comes alive.
5	I love this area! Home to some of the best festivals, I come here several times a year for the Jazz Fest, Francofolies and Montreal en Lumieres. Everything is always set so nicely, there's always some sort of installation to admire like art displays or just pretty lights and water fountains you can splash in.There's a good combo of grassy areas, stairs and cemented areas to sit or stand in. Even if there is no festival going on, hanging out at Quartier des Spectacles, is fun. There are some great restaurants nearby and you're really in the heart of downtown.Since May 2013 they offer free public wifi, which works surprisingly well, so making those "check ins" on Yelp or Facebook  to share your awesome concert becomes even easier!
4	From musical swings to late night light shows this beautiful space to sit and relax in the middle of downtown has it all. Fast food and ice-cream just across the street, located near an array of restaurants that range in price and expectation. This great space also plays host to international festivals and I've had great summer evenings running through the water fountains with friends. A must-visit on a warm summer night.
5	Such a cool place to walk around.  They had different types of displays while we were there.  It's a large pedestrian only zone which helps make it popular.
3	A cool, artsy place where tons of Montreal-ites and tourists gather for local festivals and events. When I was there this past weekend, they had a comedy/music festival going on. Tons of food trucks lining the streets, lots of young people milling about, brightly lit with strange sculptures lining the walkway (enormous desk lamps and flailing octopus tendrils), people in costume, etc. It's a nice place to walk around a bit and maybe food tour the food trucks around (though they're usually overpriced versions of restaurants around the city), but otherwise, it's not all that exciting a place unless there's a great festival/event going on. It's probably a really fun place during the winter holidays or national holidays.Down some of the side streets, you can find some nice bars/pubs, like NYKS. Lining the main boulevard though are all chain stores and fast food joints (ie. the large McD).
