3	Bernie's Photo Center is one of the few locations in Pittsburgh you'll find that deals with Canon's DSLR compatible equipment. It's has the appearance of a hole-in-the-wall shop on the outside and the selection of serious photographer lenses and items could be better. The layout of the store is rather mismanaged. The employee working was friendly and made recommendations, allowed me to try out a camera bag, and test a lens. There were several other customers in the store and he did his best to provide attention to everyone, however more employees would have been appropriate to shorten the wait time.
2	Unfortunately, I was not all that impressed with Bernie's.  It's a shame it's the only real photography store in the city, but they could definitley do better.As part of a black and white photography class, I needed to pick up film and photo paper, among a few other things.  While Bernie's had everything I needed (and lots of other supplies) I didn't feel all that appreciated for coming in.  I spent a couple hundred bucks and felt like I was being shuffled out the door as quickly as possible.I will give the one guy at the counter some credit because a woman right before me asked to get a roll or two of film developed in just barely an hour.  I could tell he wanted to get to it quickly, but still felt like I was hassling the guy just being there.I hate to see real camera stores shut down, but unless I'm in a pinch I'm probably going to order supplies online from now on.
5	I have a friend who bought a very specific flash for a Polaroid 360 from Bruce at Bernie's.  Such a rare flash that no one is willing to split up the camera and flash to sell me a flash on its own.  But of course, Bernie's had 10 of them.  I cannot even begin to tell you how above and beyond they went to make sure I was satisfied with this (small and inexpensive) purchase.  When my friend arrived here in Atlanta with the flash he bought there, it did not work.  So I contacted Bruce and he asked me to ship it back and he would get it working.  Well, for this small purchase, he replaced the nickel-cad battery (specially ordered), replaced most of the innards, tested it on my camera, switched out the charger and shipped it back to me.  At no cost.  I know for a fact that they made no money on me.  But in this process, Bruce created a customer for life.  I am in their debt.  Don't walk.  Run to Bernie's.  I can't wait to go back to visit Pittsburgh again so I can walk in myself and meet Bruce and see the amazing selection they have first hand.  This is customer service, extrordinare!
3	I had a totally mixed experience with Bernie's, which may explain the other reviews. I have a DSLR that I got from my father - it had never been cleaned or adjusted. It had been having some trouble with the battery, so I took it to the only place in Pittsburgh (apparently) that will help with this. A dark-haired guy greeted me as I walked in and treated me like a total noob, and his demeanor made me feel like the dirt under his shoes. However, he did give me good information and service about my camera when prompted by another man in the shop (who I might assume is Bernie). They told me they could send it to the manufacturer where they'd clean it for a couple hundred bucks, but instead they cleaned out the sensors and the lens right there at the counter and checked the contacts between the lens and the camera. The dark-haired guy showed me through a magnifying glass what I was looking at, and explained that some spots I saw in the viewfinder were inside the top of the camera and wouldn't appear on the pictures. The other guy (Bernie?) explained to me some of the functions of the camera -- I knew these already, but it was nice to hear them explained and he showed me a few examples. They advised me to get a UV filter to protect my lens, which I knew was overpriced but I happily bought anyway to pay for their service. So I think the kind of experience you get depends entirely on the person you run into. I can see how someone would be put off by the dark haired guy I ran into first, and how someone would absolutely love the service from the other guy. All in all I'm pleased with my encounter with this shop, but I probably won't buy anything from there considering how overpriced it was -- however, if something goes wrong or I need any service, I'll definitely go back.
2	Up-charges most of their products that you can find on B&H for way less money. Sales person treated me like I was a very inexperienced. Not a bad place if you're in need of camera gear without a moments notice, but overall definitely order offline.
5	Good
1	I developed my 120 film here the other day, and they charged me an extra 4 dollars a roll for no reason.  On the website they say $8 but they charged me $12.  The owner is very pretentious and rude.  When I told him that it says 8 dollars online he didn't care at all.  When I dropped my film off the high school kid didn't even tell me the price because "it is too much for me to calculate"  Also, the photo equipment, darkroom equipment and film are way over priced.  I am never going back to this place.  I strongly urge everyone to never enter or deal with Bernie's Photo.  Rather, use the websites of companies like B&H, Adorama, or Calumet.  The have MUCH better customer service and better prices.  Very disappointed that this is the only photo store in the city.
1	Went in to buy a cold shoe adapter in a pinch on my way to a shoot. He charged me $20 for the same exact item that sells for $6.29 at B&H. I bought it without thinking, as I was stressing on the way to a gig, but was furious when I thought about it in the car.Unfortunately, this is the only game in town. Makes me glad I live in New York City. You would think a store in a dying industry would thrive to provide better customer service, pretty much the only reason why I would go to a small store rather than a big one. They don't even offer that.
4	despite all the reviews, I was attended well, very helpful gentlemen and they new what they were talking about, heck they even pointed me in the right direction to get a job (I just moved to Pittsburgh) all in all, 4 solid stars
4	After getting in a tight spot (clients changing plans on me), I was in an emergency need for a large backdrop and was worried about getting one in time.  After a quick search, I came across Bernie's, a sadly dying breed of actual photography stores.  I was worried that the selection wouldn't be adequate, but when I got there, my concerns were put to rest.  Not only did they have exactly what I was looking for (and much more), but it was also competitively priced. After solving my immediate problem, a salesman Joe came up to me and asked if I needed any further assistance.  I happened to also be in the market for a few more items and was able to intelligently discuss the products.  Why?  Because Joe, like the other salespeople, is not just a salesman, but also a photographer. I noticed another customer who was new to photography was receiving quality advise from an exceedingly patient salesman, showing that they are not elitist but inviting about photography. They know their stuff and are very helpful.  The best part about a store like Bernie's is that potential buyers of usually expensive equipment can actually get a look at and feel for products before they buy them.  You just can't match that type of experience online and I am proud to support their business.
1	Just stopped in to see about selling my Canon Rebel T3 to buy a 60D (that they don't have in stock because it's "old"). I was offered $50 for my T3, that is currently being sold online for over $300. I asked why such a low price and was told that since it was an older model it wasn't worth as much. Needless to say, I walked out with my T3. Sucks that this is the ONLY camera shop in Pittsburgh.
