3	Another national chain spot that has no reviews. And with good reason. It's pretty pointless to review a McDonald's. That is, unless you want the FTR!McDonald's to me is good for one thing--their dollar menu. I'm a sucker for the $1 McDouble and maybe some fries. On road trips, the $1 one-price-fits-all-sizes fountain drink is priceless. Unfortunately, not all McDonald's locations stick to this pricing structure, but this location certainly does.I've never actually been inside, but their drive-thru has the nice face-to-face three-window system. I'm not sure you need that third window just for ordering, but whatever. It works.
2	It's McDonalds, what else do you want to hear from me?Oh yeah, this place has a face-to-face drive thru.  You don't speak to some crappy little speaker but to an actual person when you place your drive thru order.
4	Good service, food orders are always spot-on, and it's quick to boot.  For McDonald's, that seems to be extraordinary!But seriously, their Drive-Thru is 24/7 and since it's down the street from my house that's fabulous if I come home in the wee hours.  Or, if I need to grab a quick bite before I drink spirits.  ;)There's one guy there that's always extra-friendly and actually checks my ID -- on the back of my card it says "See ID."  A+ to you, dude.P.S. Fries have always been crazy fresh (and we all know that's the best thing about McD's!)
3	I go here so much that I'm starting to never want to go again. It's the closest and cheapest food place to my house.  It's cheap which I love and it's pretty good. It's McDonald's nothing special. Just cheap decent food when I need it. It's really fast too.
3	All I can say is this is the only McDonalds that charges you $1.20 for substituting sausage for bacon on the Big Breakfast. All they give you is one and a half slices!!
1	I don't understand why an intelligent human being would go to this place and consume the stuff that this place sells. It is of less quality than the stuff they feed inmates at that tent prison in Arizona...literally. What McDonalds does is take some low quality beef, add soy and other mixtures for filler, and then flavor it with addictive chemical flavorings that they make in a lab. Look into it if you don't believe me. I cringe when my kids want to go there. It's so foul and not to mention freaking expensive. It's totally unbelievable to me that people eat there!
1	While outside it is advertised as a 24 hour drive thru, I waited 15 minutes with no service.
1	A Sausage McMuffin with Egg costs $2.79 yet they charge $3.33 for 2? What kind of DoucheTarded sense does that make? Not everyone can eat 2. I felt sorry for the elderly gentleman next to me that was had to buy a second one and give it away because McDonald moronic prixing.STAY AWAY FTOM MCDONALDS. I WILL NEVER GO TO ONE AGAIN!
1	Another rippoff but then what are the options for breakfast at 4am. As much as they charge for a Bacon, Egg & Cheese Biscuit and 1 lityle 2-inch piece of Bacon. REALLY? This place sucks and I should have stsyed away. Make sure to count your change too!
