5	Following acceptance into nursing school, I was on the quest to find THE safest, happiest setting for my two girls aged 7 months and 2 yrs.  Previously, I had been a stay at home mom of three for 8 years and trusted no one except Gramma with my kids.  After looking into several places that were recommended and being less than impressed, I began to question entering the nursing program.  At the time, the Chandler PCA had recently opened its doors when I stumbled upon them.  Darling Hall, the director, made a great first impression on us as she explained the curriculum, policies, etc and gave us a tour of the whole school.  Initially, I LOVED the cleanliness, the fact that there are cameras in every class, and that the front door requires a code to enter.  What also stood out to me, in comparison to other places, is that there is a large window to let natural light into EVERY class!  No gloomy glow!  Upon meeting our potential teachers and seeing the real classrooms (with actual doors and walls unlike some other places), I fell further in love.   Personality of teachers (especially of young kids) is so important to us.  Happy, funny teachers is what makes kids happy and want to go to school.  I don't know how they do it, but PCA manages to hire/keep the coolest, most positive staff ever!  We just adore Ms. Tish, Ms. Tara, Ms. Christy, Ms. Carla, Ms. Marabelle, and the list goes on! I found PCA just in time and knew immediately that this was the place for our girls.  Two years later, I'm still highly recommending them.  If you are considering preschool/daycare, take a tour of the Chandler PCA.  I think you will be pleasantly surprised.Sincerely,Martha FockerChandler, AZ
5	This place is a must go to in the Phoenix area if you have a young child. There is a TON to do for the kids on 3 very large levels...All of this is 'pretend land'...Ice cream cartgrocery store & warehousecar washHUGE climbing, exploring structureair & pipes & scarvesmany ball related learning mazes and activitiesand MUCH morejust GO!
5	I have been taking both my boys here for several years and I love the staff at PCA they are caring and wonderful people, however I wish they were a bit less expensive. two boys 3-4 days a week add up to another house payment.
1	School looks great on the outside and inside, but beware. The staff talk about your kids in front of  them. The teachers literally fight each other. The kids are not watched and left to their own devices. After terrible behavior coming home, I finally left and now  we are all much happier.
1	Over ratios, long hours,high teacher turn over rate, very unprofessional, not a school....it's glorified babysitting service. Terrible pay to teachers..  If you want high quality education enroll your children in a real educational school.  Thumbs down to PCA dobson & the  administration. Be very concerned when a so called school  is more concerned with busy work/ the bulletin boards than your child's education.  I would never recommend this day care.
