3	Dr. Raja is a nice enough guy but he is SLOW in getting you in for an appointment and slow in getting you back for a follow up to work you had completed.  If you are looking for a diagnosis from him for a condition be prepared for it to take many months.
5	We had a completely different experience than the other reviewer and perhaps it is because he was our fifth neurologist. We love Dr. Raja. He is slow getting you back in the exam room (but if your child has special needs and you see specialists in Las Vegas, this is the norm), but it is because he is thorough. He sits and actually discusses the issues with you. I would say the minimum amount of time we spend with him is 10 minutes and that is just on follow-ups. I recommend Dr. Raja to any parent who has had to experience the only other child neurology center on Desert Inn and is frustrated with not only the office staff but the lack of compassion and understanding provided by the doctors at that office.
1	As a parent emotions run very high when there is something going on in your child that has not been identified. As for Dr. Raja office apparently no sense in urgency nor take responsibility to assist. April 15 my 9 yr old had unexplained seizure paramedics took him to ER took about 2 hours full speech/motor skills return to normal. Released with discharge papers to see dr raja ASAP, call 4/16 advised appt not available till June! Lots of grief over insurance Qs when they realized my insurance was ok I got a appt for 4/28. Arrive on 4/28 was placed in a room in next building that appeared shut down no lights in dark hallway where his assc asked Qs advised she would be right back with tool to test sons knee caps. Over 1 hr. Later dr. and assc. Comes in asked couple Qs and advised will refer for MRI and EEG. (BTW knee tool or reflex test never done)Office states if steinberg diagnostics does not call in week to call them and schedule MRI. Well no call, so I called scheduled 5/15 just so I can receive call from steinberg dr raja has not done peer to peer needed for UHC authorization for MRI so they cancel test that is now 5 weeks since this scary seizure happened. I phoned dr raja office and his staff called me back to state they have called UHC and left message for UHC to callback dr on his off duty # around 6pm. Spoke with UHC again this morning they received no messages from raja office and they are there till 7 pm they received no call. I am very upset his office would lie to me, I called his office again with no return call this time almost 3 hrs ago. I am beside myself as to why his office was more concerned pointing the finger all the other peoples/ offices fault when steinberg and UHC have clearly stated they have received no response from Dr. Raja To resolve. Isn't the care of my 9 yr old more important? Easiest resolution a simple call that could not be done? Now will have to wait how many more weeks? He's complained of headaches and vision problem since and my worst fear what if there is a brain tumor? Reasoning for tumor worry is I have an aunt who just had seizure 12/14/2013 and it was from a brain tumor that is so large they can't even attempt to take out! I am hoping somehow someway this dr and his staff will step up and assist, but my faith is small at this point. Will update post as what happens.
3	So after waiting 2 months, it has been determined my son has benign roladic epilepsy. The good news kids usually grow out of, the Dr was very polite and explained BRE in very understanding way. My only complaint now is we had a 9/17 appointment for follow up and the office has rescheduled 10/20 due to dr will be unavailable for the 9/17 date. There really needs to be more pediatric neurologist in Las Vegas. I've given the 3 stars on the Dr. Knowledge and way he communicated with my son. Downfall is clearly the waiting and scheduling process.
