4	I stopped here to get a quick bite to eat.  Popeye's is consistently one of the best fast food chicken around.  It is at least one star better than KFC.1.  The coating is tastier, I like the spicy2.  The coating is crispy.   KFC original always comes out soggy.   Their extra crispy has little taste except salt3.  The people behind the counters seem to be more organized and speedier in delivering food to a long line of customers.
3	A-OK.First and foremost: it's fast food with all the implications implied.Still, it got the job done in a clean and friendly environment.  After I ordered it was brought to my attention that the daily special would be a better deal, and I appreciated that.  Ended up with two spicy chicken wraps plus side instead of one for a buck and a half more.  More or less fresh, or at least well maintained.  Crispy without being oily.  A tad on the plain side as the only other accompaniment in the wrap was some rice.  Nothing phenomenal, but tasty nonetheless.  The mashed potatoes were creamy to the point I expect it to have been the least healthy item of my order.  Quick service was a plus, and I dig hot sauce packets over ketchup for sure.
5	This is the best Popeye's in town, the service is great, you don't have to wait 45 min for your 2 piece chicken meal.   The, food is so much tastier.
1	Here we go again.....another fast food place that strives for sub-par service.  Wife wanted to go there on our way home after our trip to the commissary (against my better judgement).  We pull up to the drive-through.  My wife starts with the order, but before she even can finish her first sentence, the distorted robotic voice states "we're out of white meat". Oh great, now we get a bucket full of meatless legs......friggin' wonderful!For one of the sides, the wife makes the mistake of saying "fries". I'm sorry, the fries aren't done. It'll be three or four additional minutes. Swell.  We pull up to the next window to pay, we're told "pull out front, we'll bring out the food when it's ready". I really love it when they say that!Look, if you operate a restaurant, people expect you to actually have food. If you don't.....put up a damn sign so people can go elsewhere to a place that knows how to run a business.
4	This has to be one of the cleanest fast food restaurants -- including restrooms -- I have visited.  Staff was pleasant and, even though they ran out of "regular" chicken (the person before me took out enough for the whole church so I understood), I got half the order and they brought me the rest when it was done (6 minutes).Some cranky guy came in with an obviously bogus claim for "free food" from this feedback coupon and made a total ass of himself.  Manager handled it with skill and later apologized to me and my wife for the crude language used by the dissatisfied con man.Have been going to Churches (love that okra), but chicken has been overcooked on last few visits.  Tried Popeye's for first time today and found a new chicken home.
