5	I've been going to Traci for around 7 years now, and for good reason... she has an incredible intuition for how to find and treat the source of deep muscular pain. As an avid mountain biker I've regularly had pain and and injuries over the years and Traci is always the 2nd person I see, after the doctor.  Not only is she a magician at helping the pain go away, but she is also an amazing person.
5	Traci is the BEST and I have been to many, she is a true professional at her craft and has the knowledge to back up her great skill.I have going to her for 5 years and  would highly recommend her facility for true professional care.....Thanks Traci
5	I have been getting massages from Traci for many years and I follow her where ever she goes.  I even moved out of state but came back just for her wonderful massages.  She gets to the area of pain and works it out.  You WILL fell like a new person after a massage with her.  You must go to Rx Massage if you are in pain and want relief.  Thank you Traci!
5	Traci is the best! I highly recommend her - for a relaxing massage or a sports massage or any stressed muscles that needed attention. I am a professional athlete and I have followed Traci for years and I will continue to see her for my massages. I have recommended her to friends that have also benefited from her awesome massages.
5	For over 20 years I have been massaged at high end resorts and a national chain. After going to Traci for the first time almost 6 years ago I realized I was getting a worthless club rub. If you have soreness from working out, an auto or sports injury or for good health, Traci is the best in the business. I will never spend a cent at a high end resort or spa again. Traci is also friendly, professional and is always perfecting her craft. The atmosphere at RX Massage is also fantastic.
5	I am SO grateful to Patrick and Traci for their expertise (education and experience) and authentic care of me when  I finally gave in to my own stubbornness and sought treatment at Rx Massage.  I historically am not a believer in "massage", but being in such pain fearing my injury was going to permanently compromise my work and outdoor sports life, I reached out for help.  They were compassionate while explaining the mechanics of my injury and were able to restore movement and remove my pain in just a few sessions.  They have a great location, flexible hours and most comfortable and safe treatment rooms. I'm a believer now!
5	I cannot say enough good things about Patrick.  He is so skilled and is always able to identify my "problem areas" and work on them to help me feel restored and amazing afterwards.  I refer everyone to Patrick that needs a great massage with REAL results.  Thanks so much for being great and keeping me healthy & vibrant!
