5	I LOVE my lashes! Christina with Pretty Girl Lashez uses great products and does an amazing job. I get many compliments DAILY on my lashes and I tell everyone about her. I've had my lashes done by others in the past and no one can even come close to comparing. She's the only one that hasn't made my eyes turn red and swell up! LOVE this girl and LOVE her work....she loves what she does too..she's very passionate about her work. If you want beautiful lashes, you gotta see Christina!
4	So I decided to give pretty girls lashez a try. I made the appointment through Paula who promptly got me in that same morning. When Christina arrived she was courteous and polite. She immediately tended to my lashes that had not been filled in quite some time. She was able to match my L lashes that Tierney had placed and matched them quite well.  She was quite efficient as well.  Paula guarantees the work and strives to make you happy with your lashes.   I'll be returning for a fill. Give them a try.
5	I recently got a full set with ilash lab. The tech was gentle and very good at not resting her hands on my head. The room was clean and the tech didnt smell like smoke, I hate that. She was really good at asking me what I wanted and gave me her expert opinion at what my lashes could handle... of course I wanted to have full volume and long!! When my eye lashes were revealed I didnt tear or water and guess what? ?!? Thick full and long lashes! Its been a week now and I love that I haven't lost many at all.  She suggested to stay longer instead of going shorter in the inner corner of my eyes... I never would have thought that but im glad she suggested it because I love it.  I feel like my lashes stand out just from that little trick! When I blink and even squeeze my eyes tightly I do not feel them.  There are too many places out there that do not give customers the extra step to make the quality and price worth the service, but this place did! I will be returning next week. Paula was prompt and called me the next day to see how I liked them and to book my next apt. That right there took the extra effort out of me so that its easier to maintain my lashes. I highly recommend, if you've had lash nightmares give this place a try. Or to check this place out first, im telling you from bad expirences myself ... what a difference!  I will never use a groupon at cheap place like Axiom Spa or cherry las lounge.
5	Five stars!!This was my first experience with eyelash extensions, and I am hooked!!! I will never go anywhere else. From the minute I made my appointment until the minute I left I was impressed. I made my appointment with Paula, who is so lovely, and she got me in right away! They send you a confirmation email, which I love, because I have a hard time remembering appointments. They are located in a very cute med spa in a great location. I walked in and was greeted by Jessica, who was the one who did my lashes. She is amazing! I felt comfortable right away. She walked me back to the room and started. Now, since this was my first time with extensions, I didn't know what to expect. She talked me through everything she was doing and was very professional and informative. As far as the process of the lashes, I have heard that you can get very irritated, but I did not feel any irritation or pain. The end result was amazing. I told her that I wanted a combination of a natural look but also full, and man did she deliver. They look GREAT! I have to say I love this place, and my gorgeous lashes.
5	Perfect! Very relaxing environment. My natural lashes are never compromised and I receive so many compliments on them. I've been getting my lashes done for years and the workmanship here is superb.
1	Please take my photos down. I requested this a few weeks ago and nothing has been done. U r using over 9 of my eyelash photos with my work. Thank you
5	I'm so in love with my lashes !!! Thank you Sarah you always make me happy with my lashes! You always make me feel so comfortable that I just snooze away! I appreciate the love and dedication you have in doing lashes !
