4	Hooray for a Lululemon store in Charlotte! Once I found out about it, I couldn't wait to go!I waiver between giving it a three and four star, so four it is. They offer free community classes, which is awesome! They have partnered with instructors in the Charlotte community to provide the classes. Sign up on their email list and you'll get regular emails letting you know of incoming products or classes. The staff are really friendly and helpful. If you don't see your size on the floor, they'll be happy to search their inventory for you. Great customer service!The main downfall for me was the limited apparel options (this is why it's a showroom). There is only one section for men's wear and they have 5 or so racks, a table, and a wall shelf of women's tops, bottoms, and jackets. They also carry accessories and some mats. For the large size of the store (to be able to offer the classes), I wish they had more inventory or places to represent all sizes. For instance, due to the shelving and racks, they are unable to put all sizes out. Even though they are very friendly, I'd rather not ask to see if they have my size in the back. For shoppers like me, we like to browse and not bother unless we absolutely have to have something. In addition, since there are only a few racks for certain items, if there are other shoppers you have to wait to get to the items before it gets too crowded. Perhaps in the future, they'll get more rolling racks to increase their inventory offerings and to be able to easily move them to the side for classes. There is a comfy seating area for your waiting companions as you shop. This store is in the Plaza Midwood area tucked away in some brick buildings on the second floor. I don't think it's ADA accessible (I didn't see an elevator). Although the store is not as stocked as I had hoped, I won't let this deter me from coming here. I'm glad it's here!
4	Luluemon is an innovative retailer that I believe attempts to deliver quality yoga clothing and accessories. I appreciate that they continue to produce a majority of their goods in lululemon's main factory located in Vancouver- though they have outsourced to China, Taiwan, Peru, Indonesia, and Thailand among other places. I also appreciate that this particular showroom offers a free community class Saturdays at 10.00am.  Each month, a different local studio is featured and the classes are conducted by that studio's yoga instructors. I very much enjoyed the class and will continue to attend them.Their clothing though not cheap is reasonable. Tops and shorts are about fifty dollars, pants about a hundred, and their mats range from 60-90. They also have skid proof (cloth) mats for 55. Their mats and some of their headbands, too, are made with a recycled fabric/rubber material called luon, and are durable and grippy, and more importantly sustainable.Lulu is tucked behind the Family Dollar on Central Avenue. In fact, it's easiest to turn into that plaza and drive behind the front facade to a collection of brick buildings just before the train tracks. If I did not run or practice regularly, my boyfriend's old hanes t shirts would continue to be my workout garb of choice as I am a pretty simple girl. However, the extra material and the absorbency of the cotton coupled with my profuse perspiration make for some discomfort and stink. I will upgrade to include some of lululemon's tops into my wardrobe. **Their website has more clothing (sizes/color) options than the showroom, and offers free shipping.The showroom is only open Thurs.-Sat. 11am-5pm and they ONLY take acept cards.
4	Picture the possibility of loving a pair of running shorts so much that you pay $54 dollars for them. Yes, it is indeed possible at lululemon, much to my husband's dismay! The lululemon showroom is pretty great overall and I'm hoping they stick around for a while! If you're not familiar, lululemon is all about yoga and active gear for guys and gals. The quality of the merchandise is truly top notch - you get what you pay for. Expect to pay $40+ for tops and shorts, $90+ for pants and $100-$150+ for jackets. Steep? Sure. But these items really last and they are made intelligently. In my running shorts there are smart sleeve pockets in the front (large enough for endurance gels) and a zipper pocket in the back. The material is sleek and comfy and ensures no uncomfortable chaffing on long runs. This is worth it on its own. As the other ladies have mentioned, they also offer free yoga classes on Saturday mornings. I haven't been yet, but I'm looking forward to it! The staff are very friendly and willing to help you out in any way possible - finding sizes, ordering items for you, etc. As this is a showroom and not a full retail store,be aware that not all items are available. I'm a fan of lululemon - I look forward to coming back soon! Namaste!
5	I have purchased two bras, Y-tank tops (with built in bra), and a burn out tee from lululemon. The bras are the most comfortable sports bras I have found to date and have not stretched after numerous wears and washes. I have worn high performance sports bras in the past that havent lived up to this one, which is actually advertised as a medium support bra, though I run miles in it. Also, they come padded so you don't get (visibly) nipply on morning runs which is always embarassing. The tanks (camisole with a "Y' racerback)  are very good for the gym and especially good for yoga. It is the right length and does not ride up even when doing inversions. The material is breathable, comfortable, and recycled.  I don't mean to sound hoky, but I love wearing their clothes!
5	The answer is yes to the following questions: Do they sell clothes for dudes? Do they sell more than yoga apparel? Are they worth the money?I had never heard of lululemon prior to being in Vancouver, where the company is based, for the Winter Olympics. Only when I was on the company website did I find the local showroom listing. A few months later I came back to the site when I finally got tired of the clothes I was wearing to workout in didn't have quite the range of movement I wanted. I was shocked to find that if you buy something online  you can get it tailored/hemmed at the local showroom. Also live human beings answer their customer service line. But I came into the store, Meg & Mimi were really helpful in answering questions about their showroom vs. online ordering & returns if I wanted something they didn't have or had a return.While the company started making yoga apparel they really are clothes for athletica or any kind of workout.Instead of the pants I would have needed hemmed, I bought two pairs of shorts. Now that I've put them thru 3x week use for a few months I can say they're really comfortable and well made. They're designed well too, with small useful details that are absent in other brands.
4	Lulu I still lovelovelove you but why, oh why!Lululemon has moved to the mall {between Kate Spade and Jessica McClintock off Center Court}. They make a great effort to offer a boutique feel despite the mall location, and the exterior sets it apart from other retailers.It is wonderful that they've expanded to become more than just a showroom. I am so happy for their successes. They have a larger selection of styles and sizes than had been previously offered, and they keep regular retail hours.Still, I was fond of the original space and and the community focus of the showroom model. Previously, community yoga classes had been held at the showroom have been nixed. The mall will keep away more than I'd like..
5	Welcome to SouthPark Mall! It's located in the luxurious corridor next to Kate Spade. They have closed their showroom on Central and this is the only location in Charlotte.It's a very large space with lots of retail for men and women. Filled with accessories, bags, and fitness apparel for any fitness enthusiast...watch out you will not leave here on the cheap. The employees are really helpful and friendly! Same as their last showroom, they highlight local yogis. I'm glad they have moved...closer to me is always a good thing!
4	Lululemon workout gear gets me motivated to hit the gym-- not only because their tops and bottoms are stylish, but because they fit well, don't ride up, and wear well, even after many, many washings. What really sets Lululemon apart from buying gear at a big box athletic store, is their community involvement and dedication to get people interested in local businesses. A co-worker and I once went to a fitness class, in the middle of the mall, put on by Lululemon and a local cross-fit business.  It wasn't only fun (and kicked my butt) it also featured some fun freebies like a Sigg water bottle, Luna bars and bananas. My co-worker friend also goes to yoga classes INSIDE the store sometimes! The store employees also are uber-attentive.  Sizing issues? No problem, someone will get you another size, or recommend a different fit. Ok, now, the obvious...the price.  Yes, I think paying $50 for a workout top is a bit much...but when it fits well, and you KNOW you'll wear it for a long time, the expense can be better justified.
4	I do not have a lululemon in my area, and on a recent trip to Charlotte was excited to see what this brand was all about. I had done some research on line, and knew which items I was looking for. Upon entering the store, I was welcomed and of course asked if I could be helped. I had a GREAT sales associate direct me to the pieces I was looking for. She explained to me the lululemon sizing, and had great knowledge about the fabrics that lululemon uses and why they are great for athletes. I left the store with some great items that I am sure I will get a great amount of wear from. My only complaint is that I feel the prices are a bit on the high side. If the products hold up longer than the average 6 months of my other running gear, then I will absolutely be back for more!
4	Everybody wants their legs and backside to look stronger and trimmer, no? This is one of the main reasons why people will shell out $90+ for a pair of superbly made yoga pants. That, and the fabrics Lululemon uses are incredible - sweat wicking, long lasting, and good looking. If you take good care of your purchases, there's no reason that some of your items can't last for a few years. Yes, there is a ton of smart and beautiful workout clothing for both men and women Lululemon. Running tops, sports bras, yoga pants, tanks, jackets, etc. If all my workout gear was from this brand, I'd be broke, but stylin'. If you're looking for a deal on these swanky duds, lulu tends to discount items in certain colors. You'll spy a purple sticker affixed over the price tag...there is no sale "section," per se.Other items of note:-The store is near Belk, Nordstrom and/or Neiman Marcus-Their community engagement is very commendable. From free classes to supporting local studios and ambassadors, the company is smart with their hyper local involvement.-Staff members who work in the store are very helpful and will go above and beyond to assist you.-I *think* they still offer free pant hemming for pants purchased at the store. A total score for vertically challenged peeps like me.For the dedicated athletes of any level and fitness interest, Lululemon is must stop...even if you're just perusing!
4	After gawking at lululemon gear from several of my fellow yogis at Yoga One (& Dion L.!), I felt inspired to check out lululemon's store in South Park Mall today.  I'm so glad I did!I'm with Dion...spending that much money for workout clothing makes me cringe a bit, but if something will last for years, I will purchase for that reason alone. My thoughts: the store is bright, inviting, & organized very well. Everything is displayed nicely & items were folded/hung neatly. The employees are super friendly & can be seen wearing the gear they sell.I'm also excited to see their community involvement & that they actually have yoga sessions in-store!Not sure if I will be a regular customer, but I do want to do one big shopping spree there, just to get it out of my system. *wink*
3	I am a big Lululemon fan. After trying lots of other workout clothing, I am willing to pay $90 for a pair of running pants because of the fit, comfort and quality. It is worth it!I only gave this store 3 stars because the customer service is severely lacking. Before I took the plunge and actually started buying their products, I would stop in the store and browse whenever I was in South Park. Out of at least 5 visits, never once did ANY sales associate offer to help me. They actually did not even greet me or acknowledge that I was in the store. This actually prevented me from purchasing their products because I was too intimidated to even try anything on in that store.Finally last month I was desperate for a pair of new running shorts and went in there, picked out a few styles to try on by myself and asked for a fitting room. Again, no sales associate spoke to me despite me being the only person in there with at least 3 associates in sight. I did purchase something, but like I said, I felt desperate.I was recently in New York and visited the Lululemon in SoHo.  I had a completely different experience. I was greeted the second I walked in the store, a different associate helped me pick out what I was looking for, and the person working in the fitting room guided me on the proper fit. Maybe the management in the South Park store could learn a little bit about customer service from the SoHo store!
4	I'm getting on the bandwagon for nicely made, expensive clothes, that you end up sweating in.  My cousin from LA let me know about Lulu a couple years back and I was a little skeptical, but having a shirt and jacket from here (as gifts :) ) have really convinced me of their brand and how the clothes perform.Excited there was an actual location in Charlotte where you can try on the clothes for size instead of guessing from the internet, the store is fittingly located in Southpark along with the other "high end" brands.  My last visit here, there was a decent sized guy section, though the women's section still is 3/4 of the store.  I like how the storefront has a gradation of panels in a purple/lavender color.The staff during my first visit was very eager to help you out.  I'm the type of shopper that doesn't want to be bothered until I come and get you for help, but they were pretty nice about it.If you aren't familiar with the Lulu brand, prepare to have some sticker shock.  Yes... it's apparel that you do yoga/run in... and I'm slowly turning the corner as far as spending the extra $$ for their products.  Really quality stuff and super comfortable.   If anything, it will make you want to go workout since you paid XX for your workout outfit and it makes you look and feel good in the whole "horrible" process of staying active and healthy.
2	I am a fan of the bang-buster headbands and a couple of their workout tanks... other than that... NADA!  FYI - I  am an AVID yogini, and I have a dedicated practice at a local studio with which I am in love...Let's see... I've walked into this store twice now... I left spending nearly $200 the first time and well over $100 the next time... BOTH times, I was treated poorly when I stated that I was fishing for items on sale, and THEN, (I was wearing the t-shirt of my studio) I was given snide looks AND remarks by one girl about my studio.  The exchange:  "You go to THAT studio?!"  My reply:  "Yes!  And I'm in love with it!"  The clerk: "Well I guess everyone has 'their thing' huh?"  Me:  "I suppose so." Her:  "Psht!"  SERIOUSLY!?  Next, I'll comment on their online helpfulness... they are NOT!  I sent a message requesting a change that I made to an order which HAD NOT YET SHIPPED.  The response I received was "Once an order is placed, we cannot make changes to it."AH... so... we're condescending to our guests within the store, and as completely unhelpful as possible to those who choose to avoid the store and shop online...Let's just say, I'll be taking REALLY good care of the items I have of yours, Lululemon.  I will be taking ALL of my shopping for yoga needs to Nordstrom from now on.  THEY bend over backwards for their customers no matter where they workout or how much or little they spend. Thanks for the education!  I hope someone fixes your business before you disappear utterly... NAMASTE!
4	I never really understood the lululemon craze, as yoga pants passed off as a normal outfit seemed like the epitome of a lazy girl who wants her butt noticed (there are clearly other ways to get your butt noticed other than work out pants when you're not even working out) ...but now I am starting to get it. Lululemon is so much more than the yoga pant. It's the lifestyle, it's feeling fit, it's having a high-quality pant when you're out and about doing your everyday activities. It's Lululemon.I recently took a yoga class in the neighborhood, signed up for the YMCA and live in a building with a gym, so obviously a variety of great pants is a must. BUT! Lululemon is much more than yoga pants- there are shorts, tanks, socks, t-shirts, work out bags, zip-ups, men's work out gear... the list goes on. Not only do I love my new Astro Pant (purchased for golf lessons, also worn for work-outs), but the customer service was fab. They offer free hemming, so once I discovered my pants were a tad too long for the course and the elliptical, I brought them back and they fitted me, took them and promised to have them ready in 3 days. The simple joys. I was glad my $100 pants were altered after wear, without question, and returned to me in an even better-fitting condition than when I had purchased them. Suddenly I want one of everything in the store. Whoops!
3	Came here while visiting my brother out of town, and I liked it. This is a large, well-stocked lulu, and plenty of cute sale items in a variety of sizes. I spotted a gorgeous glass water bottle with a pink rubber sleeve that I had to have. When I went to ask a sales associate if it came in blue for my brothers girlfriend, it was awkward to discern who is an employee. That is a marked difference from DC lululemons. You are immediately greeted, and checked on throughout your shopping experience. The cashiers were very pre-occupied with looking around when it came time to check out, thus causing the line to move slower than it had to. It was a decent lululemon experience, but I've certainly had better back home!
2	Is it something about the overabundance of rich people looking for yoga pants to compliment their botox in Charlotte that make the salespeople here so rude? When I'm buying $100 leggings I would expect interactions to be seamless. I got capri pants in LA, where the staff was extremely nice, but the pants needed to be hemmed so LA sent me to Charlotte (traveling a lot). I can't speak to other Lululemons but this one has a voicemail system-ok, fine when they're closed. However, when they're open, they turn on another voicemail system that makes it clear that they have no intention of picking up the phone but may get back within 24 hours. When I'm calling, that's not good enough. When I showed up in person with my question, they were unable and uninterested in helping me hem my overpriced bits of spandex. I will be sticking with UnderArmor leggings from now on-might not last as long but at least buying them won't sour the soy milk in my stomach. Two stars because the door did not hit me on the ass on the way out.
3	Meh. Salesperson said hello when I walked in (a good thing), but was visibly disappointed when all I purchased was a Bangbuster headband to replace one I'd lost. She also gave my workout jacket "the eye"--I came in after a barre class and was wearing lulu crops and a lulu tank, but had thoughtlessly also thrown on a jacket purchased from Costco. (By the way, ladies, I highly recommend the Kirkland Full Zip Active Yoga Jacket. It feels as good as the Forme jacket by lulu at 1/4 the price. Maybe won't last as long, but I have had 2 for a year and no complaints yet!) I didn't appreciate the snooty 'tude, but she did give perfect directions to Sephora. To me, this location is unremarkable. I'll go back, but it probably will never be the highlight of my day.
