4	Pretty clean "dive bar". My first time here, doing a little karaoke on the way home on a Monday night. Cash only bar with good prices. I'll come back if I'm in the area. :)Update 8/11- ...and we did! Went back on Wednesday night. Apparently they have karaoke Mon-Wed. More good prices at the bar, and a friendly crowd.
1	Redneck lady bartender ignored me for ten minutes then got snotty when Dahmer and I asked for  draft beers. Nothing on tap. Hostile locals don't like outsiders. We left without ordering anything.  Dahmer was so pissed off that he added it to his 86 list.
2	I actually had a good time here and overall the place was okay.  The place has a nascar country hillbilly theme...It is called Saddles and Spurs.  It is plenty spacious in there for a maybe a big group.  Kinda run down but not too dirty or anything.Went for Karaoke.  It was pretty slow.  It is good if you are someone who just wants to sing a bunch of songs.  Or if you bring a big group of friends and bring your own atmosphere.I typically love a place like this just because this is what bars look like back home!  But I almost gave it one star for one reason.They do not accept credit cards.  NOTE TO OWNER; it is 2011 time to get a credit card machine.  I handed the bartender my card and asked to run a tab- he looked at me like i was crazy and chuckled .. "cash only."  The ATM machine there is out of order!  ATTENTION OWNER OF THIS PLACE:  please provide a basic convenience for your customers.  Get a credit card machine.
5	Disclaimer: this place gets 5 stars because I walked away with a free beer! Me and a buddy decided to go this "hole in the wall" bar...drive by all the time and the name always catches my attention. We walk in and there's only 1 other customer inside and a female bartender. We ordered 2 beers and as she hands them to us my buddy hands her his credit card. The gentleman customer sitting a few chairs away chuckles and says to the woman bartender, "looks like you got some new warm bodies!" we probably both looked puzzled and what seemed like a really long awkward pause between my friend and the bartender...she finally said no cards just cash. ATM is down..feel free to finish your beers and be on your way. Again the man chuckled. We chugged our drinks and headed to a bar that took credit cards.I went in a few days later and handed the same woman a $20 she seemed very happy but I dont think she remembered me haha
2	I've gone there several times in the past 6 mo. or so.1) The place definitely needs to take credit/debit cards and get their ATM fixed.2) Went there on July 3rd for karaoke. The usual KJ was on vacation and in his place was a girl from there who recognized me (I don't recall her name) and a guy. They were both accepting tips and it was obvious that they weren't doing a fair rotation as I only sang 2x between 9:30 and 1:30. I brought it up to the guy and he proceeded to tell me that he was working new singers into the mix and if it was done the way I'm accustomed to karaoke being run it would have taken even longer. B.S.3) On the same night, I ordered a beer for my date and I. After finishing, I figured it might be better to just order a pitcher. I asked how much one was and was told by the older grey-haired bartender that I couldn't have one because they were out of pitchers! A bar. Out of pitchers! Unbelievable. Couldn't even have the courtesy to answer my question, didn't offer an alternative to make up for it, just told me I could buy another draft and he needed our glasses as he was out. I brought them back and he didn't even offer to wash them before refilling. Oh, and these guys never even offer to give you a receipt after any transaction. They produce them, but never tear them off or even ask if you'd like one.4) Audie, the bartender who relieves this uncouth, surly moron who never bothers to say hello or even ask my name, is very nice though.
2	Hopefully this place is better a night . . . but we were here during the late morning . . . and did we get looked at very strangely by the regulars all sitting at the bar . . . it was full by the way . . . and it was kinda creepy.  Thought if we found two seats at the bar . . . we would get people telling us to get out of Betsy's and Carl's seats or something.The set-up looked pretty good for a local band to play and would probably be good for that . . . problem is . . . when I am in Las Vegas . . . I spend evening at the hotel and casino I am staying at.Bottom line . . . I probably won't be back . . .
3	Been here twice now; very true about the stink eye from the regulars *and* the bar tender. There are polite ways to let people know what's up, but if you want to be a jerk about it that's fine. My tips will improve when the attitude does. Until then I enjoy the karaoke on Wednesdays. Other review is right... enjoy the short rotation or fill the place with your own group. If you don't rely on the place's atmosphere for fun you can still have a great night.
4	Dropped in on a Tuesday night for the jam session/open mic night.  The bathrooms, bar area, and seating area were all clean and appeared to be well-maintained.  The bartender and DJ Wes were very open and friendly.  There were some younger folks there trying out some music they'd written, and a young flute player who played a couple of songs too.  DJ Wes and the room were very accommodating and encouraging!  I played two sets with DJ Wes, Duane the drummer, and the others who were there and we had a great time.  I'd definitely recommend Saddles n Spurs especially if you're an aspiring musician/songwriter in the LV area looking for a safe place to play, or if you're an experienced musician looking to make new friends and jam in the LV area.  I'll definitely be back next time I'm in town!
5	Great place! It's helping the legendary Buzz Evans. July 27,2014  2-6pm Please join them! http://www.gofundme.com/buzzevans
4	Awesome spot to come to. One of the truly last fun dives to hang out at. Great bartenders, delicious drinks and specials. Also there karaoke and live music depending on the day you go.
