3	Hubby and I met Julie P. and Julia T. for Sunday brunch recently. Having enjoyed Havana Cafe, we were eager to try this more homespun version of Cuban food. Although consistently hopping, there seemed always to be a seat for newcomers. Service was slow at times, but to be fair, there did not seem to be quite enough staff to serve everyone. Our waitress was also a busser and cashier, and remained friendly in spite of clearly being overwhelmed.The buffet itself had many different items, and I liked some more than others. The beans, rice, fried chicken, yucca, pork, and chicken soup were all stand-outs. The whole table ended up surprised that what we thought was a strip of beef ended up being liver. The rice pudding was also quite good, as were the items we ordered off-buffet, such as the tostones (fried savory plantain patties) and the far sweeter quartered plantains. The flan was the second best I have had in the Valley (first being Comedor Guadalajara). We were all glad we had the experienced Julie P. to guide us, and we stayed a long time, conversing, digesting, and getting to know each other. I'm sure Hubby and I will be back to experience more, especially as it seems that the menu is not static.
5	I find it only appropriate I make Sabor Cubano my first review.   First of all, I am 1/2 cuban and was raised primarily in a cuban environment.When I first happened upon this place my eyes lit up in excitment.  "A Cuban Buffet joint!! no way!!!"  .. Yes way... but, to be honest, I entered expecting a halfed effort at cuban food.   I mean, how good can it be?  There are no cubans in Phoenix.. and the only well known attempt at Cuban cuisine is "Havana Cafe" (i'll keep my mouth shut on this one and review them MUCH later).On with the review.. I LOVE this place.  Do you remember the scene in "Ratattoulli" where Anton Ego has his first bite of the dish Ratatouille and was overwhelmed with euophoric adolecent emotion? Well.. that was me. This is the closest to Grandmas food I have EVER had.  If you;ve never been to a 1st generation Cubans home and eaten thier food.. then you might as well hop on over to Sabor Cubano because THIS is what cuban food tastes like.  This is 100%Cuban "comfort" food all the way.. and done right.  I took my brother there a couple of weeks ago.  We decided to give it an 8.  My  Grandmas food is an 10, Moms is a 9.. this place an 8.The servers, possibly daughter/relatives  of the owners are all  Cuban and friendly.  The food is all there.. there is no staple in Cuban food  missing.   All of the carb and protien overload you can hope fore. The plantano fritos and platanos maduros have to be ordered off the menu and will set you back about another  5 bucks total, but have them.  Any traditional cuban meal is eaten with a side of sweet of fried plantains.  Try the "Materva" while you're there.  A Cuban soft Drink made of "Mate root" and of course// finish your meal off with a "cafecito cubano" (cuban coffee), she'll confirm your order as an "Espresso" so that you are aware its a small strong shot.I applaud this place for thier genuitiy and effort. You'll find I am not usually as positive in a review and I'll throw constructive criticsm in more often than not.  I just wish they had "Iron Beer".. another poplular cuban soft drink.. and maybe knock off 2 bucks from the buffet cost., but now I'm just being cheap ...hey no ones perfect.
3	It's a buffet so honestly I don't think I could ever give it 5 stars.   They had a very good variety, about 6-8 entrees, about 4 sides, a small salad bar and a small desert bar. The flavors were pretty solid. The biggest problem was that most of the entree items had dried out, and it was only 12 noon.   If they had plastic covers or covered the meat items with sauces it would have been much, much better.The starter item of plantains were good, but a little sweet for me.  I didn't finish them.Not bad and I might go back but if I'm going to a buffet I'd rather stick to my Indian buffets.
4	I can't honestly believe that I am giving a buffet 4 stars, but I can't help it.  The husband and I decided to try something new after a failed attempt at Stacy's Smokehouse (they only take cash).  A quick turnaround and a short drive later, we arrived at Sabor Cubano.  I already knew I liked the place when the first thing I saw upon walking in was a giant fish tank.  I'm a sucker for fishies.  The girl who greeted us was super sweet and her accent was absolutely adorable.Now, I'm no expert on authentic Cuban food, but I did try a really good Cuban place in Miami and this was right along the lines of that place.  The buffet is small but comprehensive.  There are a couple different types of beans, a few offerings of rice, a soup, and many meat dishes.  Oh, before I forget, there are these amazing little fried wonders called croquettes (I think) and they were insanely good.  I have no idea what they are or what was in them, but I ate like 6 of them.  The beans were very tasty but the rice had been out too long (the place was empty when we got there).  The meat dishes however were really great.  The meat was all very tender and juicy.  I'm not really sure how Cuban food is prepared, but from what I discovered here, everything is slow roasted and delicious and full of deep, full bodied flavor.  The yucca is also really really good and something I had never tried before, kind of like tastier mashed potatoes.  To end our meal, I decided to put off my previous conceptions about flan and ordered what is considered The New Times best Flan in 2008.  It was good.  I was a little off put by the weird texture, but the sweetness kept pulling me in.  There is also a small salad and dessert buffet.  The dessert is nothing spectacular, rice pudding that I did not like, simple chocolate pudding, and blueberry muffins (???),I hope this place is doing well.  It's nice to have a different buffet option other than the million Chinese buffets and the generic Hometown/Old Country Buffet.  It's also right off the 19th and Camelback lightrail stop so there is no excuse to not try it.
4	In search of buffet food that was neither Chinese or Sizzler, we found Cubano.  Walking in, it seems a bit confusing but the sweet hostess/waitress was very helpful in explaining things.  I really liked that you could just start digging into the buffet without waiting for a ticket or standing in line and paying.  So we attacked the buffet looking to try a little of everything.The item that stands out the most to me was the Yucca Root.  While it wasn't the best tasting thing on the tray, it was the most surprising thing.  I did not think it would be nearly as good as it was but it was amazing.  I even had a second helping.  I am a big pork fan and theirs was excellent.  The beef and chicken dishes were great too.  I had a bowl of the traditional Cuban soup (whatever it was called) and loved it.  Great food.The dessert tray didn't look that great so we decided to try the "Best Flan' as voted by PHX New Times."  I am not a flan fan, at all, but we were feeling adventurous so we gave it a shot.  It was pretty good.  I'm not sure if it was great...the texture is too much for me...but I enjoyed the taste of it.  If you like flan, give it a try, I guess.The place is a bit dingy and feels like an abandoned "Mariscos"-type place.  They did have baseball on so I couldn't complain about the entertainment.  The waitress was good but I can see her being overwhelmed if the place was packed.  I will be back, without a doubt.  It is a very short walk from the LRT station at Camelback and 19th so that is a big plus as well.  The variety and price make this a great place to hit up when you want some savory food but aren't sure exactly what you want.
1	After viewing the mostly positive information presented on this site, we thought we would check out this restaurant for a taste of Cuba.  Sadly, we were greatly disappointed in almost every aspect of our dining experience.The waitress pretty much ignored us when we arrived, and seemed indifferent to us over most of our meal.  They no longer have a buffet, and we were also not able to order the Cuban Sandwich on the day we went (though the waitress never explained why).Although the food we ordered was tasty, the meat dishes were a bit tough.  I'd rate the food itself no higher than 3 stars over all in quality, and the price was very steep for what we received.Poor service, high prices, and mediocre food...it was very disappointing, and we won't be back again.
3	After two weeks of a major craving for some Cuban food (guess I'm feeling a little homesick lately), I took advantage of my day off from work to make the 45 minute drive to Sabor Cubano from Chandler. I was looking forward to having a Cuban meal prepared by a Cuban mom. I suspected it MUST be better than Havana Cafe (no offense to them, their food isn't bad).  I just know what homestyle Cuban cooking tastes like and that's what I was hoping to get.  Hopefully some ropa vieja, some black beans, some tostones... perhaps take home some croquetas. And of course, some Cuban bread which I'd been craving like a fiend for 2 weeks here. Also, I'd heard it was a buffet. Pretty cool, I guess, so I could just get a little bit of this or that, and taste the rest of their dishes, in addition to what I wanted. When i got there, I walked in to find it was NOT a buffet anymore, but a full service sit-down restaurant. I walked in, and there were a few empty booths, but otherwise the place was pretty busy. Two servers walked by me several times, and I just stood there, unsure if I should just grab a table or if I had to wait to be seated. Finally one of the girls asks me if I have been helped (which i think she knew the answer, so the question was pretty unnecessary). Once at my table, it took another long while to get one of them to come to my table. I want to say 15 minutes, but I'm guessing it was more like 5 and i was just so hungry that it felt like an eternity. I got my glass of water, which on a 114-degree day could have been a gallon of water and I still wouldn't have quenched my thirst. I placed my order, starting with the major stuff - ropa vieja with rice and black beans, and a side of tostones. Then I asked for some croquetas to go. "Oh we don't have any more..." What? it's barely 12 PM and you opened at 1130, and you don't have any croquetas left? What the F? I was so disappointed. She pointed to a large party in the center of the room and said they pretty much ordered all of them. F-ing greedy gluttons. Anyway, so then I ask her if they have Cuban bread. She says they don't make Cuban bread, but they have some little rolls they will bring out before my meal with some butter and garlic. Boo.A few mintues later, the little breads arrive. Nothing memorable, I could have done without them. But I ate them anyway. Did I mention I was starrrrrrving?As I waited for my meal, I took some time to look around and take in the scenery. The other diners were a pretty eclectic mix, some obviously latinos, some obviously not, some hard to tell. But the place was packed. I found it odd that the waitresses would bring out a table's dishes one at a time, rather than on a tray wiht a little table, the way i've always seen it done at most cuban restaurnats. No wonder it takes forever to get some service. The huge party in the center of the room - wow... it took forever for everyone on the table to have a dish in front of them. And hten another table, one at a time. And then another... Jeez! no hustle whatsoever to get people their food... I guess if I'd been there with other people the long wait would not have felt so long, but I was sitting there by myself with nothing to do but observe and wait.Finally got my food. Let's see... Ropa vieja, REALLY good. Honestly I loved this part of my meal the best. Spiced just right, not too much tomato sauce or liquid, not overpowered by peppers and onions. Just the right blend. White rice, it was fine. Just white rice. I didn't eat much of it. Tostones - AWESOME. Crispy, not greasy, and not "raw" in the middle the way the thicker cut tostones are at some other restaurants. How did they know to make them just how I like them?! Damn. I wish there'd been more than three. And then there were the black beans. They were good. Just good. But then again, I am biased. My madrina holds the title for "Best Frijoles Negros in the World". But these were good. i'd eat them again.I didn't order dessert or a drink. After the disappointing croqueta/cuban bread news, I just wanted to eat my food and go. I did end up hanging out with one of the owner's daughters, and I learned they came to AZ via LA. She said she'd been to Miami once, but doesn't remember a lot about that trip. From our conversation, I gathered there was a bit of a disconnect between "these" Cubans and the Cubans from my hometown in terms of food. She didn't know what a frita is. So of course I got her email address and emailed her a couple of photos of a frita masterpiece from El Rey de Las Fritas.She did reassure me that they normally don't run out of croquetas like this, but that if I ever want some of her mom's home made croquetas, i can call ahead and they'll hold them for me. She also makes pastelitos de guayaba. So... the final word on Sabor Cubano. I liked the food I had. Wish they'd have a few things they don't seem to have (namely el Pan Cubano!) Come on, Phoenix! Get with the program already!
3	The ropa vieja here is really delicious, and I would consider their frijoles blancos the tastiest bean dish I've ever had. I'd also come here if just for the fried fish fillets served on some Fridays.  The rest of the dishes are par for the course for a buffet restaurant, and you risk not having much to choose from if you come late for lunch. I really do like eating here, especially when I come early enough for lunch when they haven't run out of some of the more popular dishes; and the friendliness of the staff makes the overall dining experience quite pleasant. It's a bit pricey for a buffet, though, and that's the main reason I don't eat there as often as I would like to.
4	After watching my favorite TV chef  Daisy Martinez prepare ropa vieja in her PBS cooking program last night, I had an overwhelming craving for that dish, so today I headed to Sabor Cubano where this was my fave dish when I came for buffet. As one of the recent reviewers mentioned, this establishment is NO LONGER A BUFFET, but is now a full-service restaurant. But that was OK, I came here for the ropa vieja. It was as delicious as I remembered it to be from my previous trips here, and came with a tasty side of moros (black beans and rice), a simple fresh salad, and toasted buns. A great satisfying meal, which would have been perfect if they lowered the volume of the music on their sound system.
5	If you love Cuban food this is the spot for you !  All the meals begin at approximately $10 but you get more than enough to eat sometimes more than you can eat depending if you arrived really hungry or not.Service is a little slow.  I don't know what the hell their problem is because like you will be sitting there and it will take up to 10 minutes for them to come and take your order even when they are not busy.The food arrives about 10-15 minutes after you order it but that is worth the wait because they cook your meal from scratch and it is so delicious.They serve soda by the can and there are no free refills so expect to pay about a $1.50 per soda.  They have a great selection of beer and they are average priced.It can be a little loud in there because of the loud music but its their restaurant so what do I care.  I suppose if became a nuisance to me I could ask them to turn in down ?My favorite meal is the Chicken cooked in Cuban spices and white rice on the side.  They give you a very small salad to complete your dinner on the plate.  Also, with the meal comes a decent size ( picture oversize coffee cup ) of Cuban black beans.  OMG !!! That right there folks is worth the wait and $10 bucks !!!They are coming out with some other caribean food as well.  Last time I was there about 2-3 weeks ago there was a puerto rican family enjoying puerto rican food !My friend enjoyed some Cuban coffee !!!The family restaurant are Cuban so rest assure you will get a true Cuban dinner.
2	You have to understand that my review comes from a Latino point of view and that I am an excellent cook.  On the particular day that I visited Sabor Cuban, I just didn't want to cook so why not let someone else cook for me? I ordered the ropa vieja with moro rice and hubby ordered stewed ch.icken with white rice and black beans. We ordered green plaintains as a starter.  When the plaintains came--there were 3 on a plate.  Really, 3 plaintains is an order?? Come on guys, a whole plaintain costs 99cents and can yield 8 plaintains.  Very Chintzy.  My ropa vieja was tough and not flavorful.  The moro nice was clearly made with converted rice (which is not so bad for a restaurant) but with real long grain rice this dish can be amazing.  This was not--average at best.  My husband's stewed chicken (one thigh) was described by him as just OK.  By the way, the hot sauce and the water was great.  I have been considering opening up a restaurant for latin food in Phoenix (not Mexican, Latino) because the food is really mediocre.  I think I would blow them out of the water.  I would like the opinion of Yelpers.  Do we need a latin-caribbean restaurant in Phoenix?
4	We were on our way to the Heard Museum...but diverted to Sabor Cubano.  I was in the car with my mom-in-law (married a Cuban), sister-in-law (1/2 Cuban), and aunties.  And we kept talkin' about Cuban food.  Mom mentioned a Cuban restaurant nearby, but couldn't remember the name.  Thanks to yelp and my droid, we found it!I had the signature Cuban sandwich.  This might have the been the best one I have ever had in my life.  The bread, the pork, the ham, pickles, cheese was delicious.  I finished my sandwich and felt really guilty that I brought none back for my hubbie.  To top it off, I had a cortadito and thick creamy flan.  Bad wife - hee hee.  (We will come back here, definitely before heading back to the OC.)The only drawback...service was slow.  But it was well worth the wait.
3	Here's one where I really wish there was a "3.5" option.I am a fan of Cuban food, but really haven't eaten enough of it (or visited either Miami or Cuba) to consider myself a connoisseur. This food was filling, good, and just what I asked for, even if it did not completely blow me away.The service at Sabor Cubano was friendly and efficient. The portions were large and the flavors were distinct. Was there a slight Mexican flavor to their black beans? There was, but the fish I ordered was delicately breaded with a definitely non-Mexican sweet-smoky seasoning. My dining companion enjoyed his pork chop and the whole experience was satisfying.Prices are a bit higher than the standard Mexican restaurants in the neighborhood. Dinner plus a non-alcoholic drink and a shared appetizer will probably run you close to $25 for your half. The cuts of meat and portions are more substantial than your usual "hole in the wall," however, so the prices seemed totally reasonable.  You can go much more budget with one of the sandwiches, instead of a steak or fish fillet. Next time I drop in, I will be trying the traditional pork sandwich, as I have no doubt it will be tasty.The bigscreen TV was playing Gigante Sabado, which was hilarious, if distracting. Based on the various pennants, I imagine there would have been sports on had any favorite teams been playing.We were told that there is live music on Fridays. I can vouch for the quiet and relative non-crowd on a Saturday evening, if liveliness is not your thing. Was this the best Cuban I have ever had? No. But it was good, and a lot of times, that's all dinner has to be.
4	I've only been once so far for lunch take out, but it was an easy 4-star experience.  I think the girl working the counter (and serving) was an absolute charm, and you could tell she loved working there.  The other staff seemed equally enthused.I'm a fan of Cuban food, but not a fan of the lack Cuban food in the valley.  I was excited to find this gem hiding along I-17 the other day, and definitely expect to be back.As for the food, I've only tried one thing, and it was kind of weird.  But listen to the name and the concept, and try to give me a reason not to try it?  Papo Relleno, which I think means stuffed, fried potato.  Which is the perfect name for this - baked potato, stuffed with chicken and stuff, and then deep fried.  It was kind of like a potato latke of sorts, not amazing but definitely worth the try.  It came with a "salad" (some lettuce underneath it, with what tasted like Italian dressing) and a thing of chicken soup.  Careful, they keep the soup hot - don't burn your tongue like I did!Can't wait to go back, and will definitely be here before giving Havana Cafe another shot any time soon.
4	The atmosphere and service alone make this place 5 stars. While my friend and I stumbled our way into this restaurant, there was a table full of Cuban people enjoying a celebration. They looked like they were having a blast, and were sweet enough to let us in on their party. This led to us have a 2+ hour Cuban dance party. They even made sure to get everyone in the back in on the fun!The waitress was awesome as well. Sharing a few dances with my friend as well.The food was good, though nothing could match the glorified fishsticks at Las Vegas in Miami. So sad about that, yet the crispy fish and plantains were delicious. Just wish that it could have been on the same level of Las Vegas.Other than that, the food and music are rocking and the service is outstanding! A diamond in the rough in Central Phoenix!
5	Had it twice and I got to say I really like this place.  Very nice, friendly family staff.  Last time I was there they went out of their way to let me in early when they saw me waiting in my car for a take out order.  The food is great.  Beans slow cooked with pork reminded me of the feijoada, a slow cooked black bean dish I used to get in Brazil, fabulous.  I don't know what they do to make that yellow rice, but its texture is amazing, almost like a risotto but I have no clue what they do to get it that way, very yummy and flavorful.  The meats are great and well spiced and each dosh comes with a small side salad and cucumbers.  Yummy, a real treat for me when I am out that way, very satisfying and excellent.
5	We moved here from California this January and have been looking for a true Cuban cuisine with not only good atmosphere but!   Good authentic Cuban food.  WELL WE FOUND IT!!   Where are the Food testers?  This needs coverage!!We were seated and then welcomed by the owners Eduardo and Nancy who are the nicest people you will meet.  Nancy is from Cuba and the cook, WOW can she cook!!!They will make you feel right at home!!  Proud to be Cubans they display many Cuban flags and brought nostalgicold photographs that bought memories of once upon a time.  Along with the creole music brings this experience to be unique and truly fantastic.  They are also bringing in live music, I can't wait... We enjoyed seeing baseball Cuban players there eating and having a great time, of course I took pictures with them! The game is on on the many TV's and he taps onto a Cuban channel to really get the scoop, just ask the owner to show you.Don't miss this place it's the best I have found in Phoenix!!Much Suerte con SABOR CUBANO!!   You will see us often...besos.
1	Hi - I'm Cuban and went here mid week last year. My husband wanted to treat me to my favorite food. Sorry, this was not only a major disappointment but the place is an old Pizza Hut with dirty walls and questionable food. Did not enjoy this experience at all. We need good Cuban food in Phoenix. Until then, I will be heading to NYC or Miami. Nice try.
4	I'm very excited about their authentic and inexpensive menu. We just had appetizers today, but can't wait to come back for dinner. The mofongo and alcapurrias were beautiful.
4	Doooood! Like a number of reviewers, I'll admit that I'm probably biased because I love cocina Cubana & just haven't been able to find any that's authentic in a while. I used to teach after school in Corona, Queens and I'd always stop for a sandwich, some ropa vieja, tostones, cafe Cubano, chuletas etc. for lunch. But that's another review (psst...7 train to Roosevelt avenue stop from grand central if you find yourself in nyc).  Anyway, I ordered some basics - the Cuban sandwich, frijoles negros, the mofongo and a cafe Cubano. I wasn't expecting much so I didn't want to go for the real entrees and be disappointed, like the way I am at most so-called Mexican restaurants in Phoenix. Yikes!The woman running the show was great. Very nice, smiling and offered to bring the coffee out while I waited if I wanted. She was conscientious enough to make sure I knew that cafe cubano already has sugar in it and that it's espresso unless you order it con leche (with milk), but I take it black and sweet (no, I don't mean that as a double entender- ha!) That's when my expectations changed.It was delicious. All of it. I know mofongo isn't technically of Cuban origen, but it was proper, and I haven't had Puerto Rican cuchifrita in a minute either. And, while it wasn't crowded, there were other tables there that had ordered ahead of me and I still got my food in 7 minutes, which is exactly how long she said it would take.  It sounds like others felt the service was slow, but I didn't.  I would have expected slower at a small family-run joint like this where one woman is working in the kitchen, waiting tables and watching two kids. You have to remember that most of this food is roasted or stewed and that Cuban food, and frankly most things Cuban, are made slowly and deliberately by hand, and that in island culture, few things are done in a rush. So sit down, sip some coffee or Malta or a beer and be patient already,especially if you order ropa.vieja or other things that are SUPPOSED to take a while to make properly. Its worth it. If youre in a hurry go to jack in the box or somethinh. I'm going back to try everything.  My total bill was $13 and I had to take most of the beans and rice home. I'm 6'2 and 220 lbs so that may give you an idea what you might spend to fill yourself up. I fail to see how that is overpriced.  Where have you guys been eating? Best ever? No - but legit and above average for sure.P.S. it ain't fancy. It's a Cuban restaurant. Set yourexpectations accordingly. And they do have a few rum drinks now too, and according to the menu, in fine print near the bottom,  Cuban rum (shhhhh!) but I'd recommend going for the food - there's not really much of a bar to speak of.Now I just need to find a good jamaican spot.P.S. it's not a buffet anymore as others have recently mentioned. Fresher food, more space for people to dance or socialize, and fewer gluttonous patrons! Buffets gross me out.
5	Love this place.  Went to visit my mother-in-law and she said she wanted to eat something so we went to lunch.  This place is right around the corner for her job - so lucky - and so we decided to try it.  The service is great, the food is fabulous, and the atmosphere is even better.  I haven't made it back in a while but I love this place.  The black beans are wonderful - you can eat them all on their own. True Cuban food.  I am Puerto Rican and Cuban and really missed the food - until now.  Feel lucky we stumbled upon it - can't wait to go back!
4	This restaurant has great food! My favorite is their fish and their limonada drink is spectacular! The atmosphere is okay and the service is good but the best part is their amazing food!
5	The food was amazing and very authentic. The place is owned and run by a mother/daughter team; the Mother cooks all her family recipes and the Daughter runs the front of the house. The hours of operations are: M-T 11AM - 8PM, F-S 11AM - 10PM and S 12PM - 8PM.Subscribe to them on Facebook for special events.
5	I love this place!!! I lived in miami for five years and ate at every authentic cuban restaurant in town, so trust me when I tell you that Sabor Cubano is authentic home cooking.  The lady who owns the place is the chef and she makes the food with a lot of care and love... Great service and a fun, relaxed atmosphere make this my go to place for tasty cuban food.
4	We were on our way to Flagstaff and hungry. We thought to stop off at a burger joint to grab some burgers then we passed a restaurant sign that read "Cuban" food. I inquired of my siblings and aunt if they ever had Cuban food and they said they had not so I made a U-turn and said, "Then you must try at least once in your life, my treat."We walked in to find a nice family atmosphere and actual Cubans dining at the restaurant which made it even all the more delightful being that we have a rule when dining at ethnic eateries. If the ratio to ethnic food to its ethnic guests is not at least 80% then the food is not authentic.We ordered ...Vaca Frita - Shredded Beef  Fried with garlic, and other spicesFricase de Puerco - Pork marinated and cooked in a red sauceRabo Encendido - Oxtail stew cooked with cuban spices, red wine on Creole sauce hotI warned my family members that eating Cuban rice can have an effect on them right away. They would want more and more. We ate till we were gladly filled and hit the road. They love Cuban food now! We will be back!
5	I love this place.  The family is very sweet and the food is real deal homecooked Cuban food ... as good as I remember eating in Havana.  I love the Fricase de Pollo and my hubby loves the oxtail.  The fruit juices/smoothies are delish too!
4	This is closed but it was good while it was open.
