2	oy vey. If you enjoy having to entertain your nail tech's 5 year old son during your pedicure, this is the place for you.If you enjoy your calf massages with the amount of pressure that a baby could exert on your muscles, this is the place for your.If you enjoy paying hard earned $$ for a screwed up paint job that consists of visible paint strokes going sideways across your big toe, a shellac mani that leaves allows you to see through your nails (when painted black), and chips after 2 days, this is the place for you. If all of the above do not sound like an amazing way to lose $60 and 2 hours, do yourself a favor and pay the homeless guy on the corner $20 to do your nails. It'll turn out better.
1	I do not recommend this nail salon. I had gel nails done with white tips. They were so bad that I went back the next day to have them redone. They still weren't as good as they should be but I just said I'd never go back. I do have a picture, but I'm not sure it shows how bad they were. The white tips lines were not strait.
5	This is under new management!  I love these ladies!  I am not an easy customer to please.... but these ladies are just top notch! After reading the horrible reviews I was so worried about walking in here. But after seeing the sign that it was under new management I decided to try.. First my mother came in to have our eye brows waxed. They did an amazing job. Less than a few days I was back in to get a full set of nails! They were amazing!  The rhinestones stayed on my design and everything. Then the next day my mother, myself, and my little girl Tatum came in for pedicures!  My princess was 2 at the time and not sure how she was going to handle it. She loved it! And the ladies just loved her! She also got a mani while we were there. They charged a small fee but it was so worth it. 3 weeks later I came in to have my nails filled not because they were really out grown but because I tan and I had white tips and the tanning beds turned my nails yellow/brown. I got an amazing new color and design and they also did a mani for my daughter for her Birthday party. I love walking in and they know who I am and my daughters name! I think that is amazing in the big city! I will continue to come here for many years to come! Thank you ladies your amazing!!!
5	first I have to say this place is under New Management and was great. I first went in to get my eye brows waxed the lady's were all so friendly and my eye brows looked great. I asked about their pedi cures and they had the cheapest price I had  seen. So a couple of days after my eye brows I went back and got my pedi I was worried since they do not shave the callous but my heals turned out great. I will return soon for another pedi The place was clean and didn't NOT smell as other reviews for the old business has said. I would suggest everyone go to this salon.
5	I gave this place another chance since I read the other reviews and learned they were under new management. I had a French Gel manicure. Great work. There can be a long wait if all employees are working on someone. But that is normal I would think.
5	This place is awesome!!! Go see Amy!!! She can do any pic you bring and match it perfectly!! I'm so happy I finally found somewhere where do good nail art!!!
5	I had been wanting to have my nails done again and decided to look at help for help.  Beyond glad I did!  They are sweet and caring.  Took care of me no problems.  Didn't push extra services on me but showed me the options that were available for what I came in and asked about.   There were a lot more things I didn't know about and thankful I inquired.   I live a distance but come over here for friends.   Definitely will be coming back for fills and other services!!!
5	I have been going to see the ladies at  az 3d nails for about four or five months and I would never go anywhere else! I've had all of the ladies do my nails and they were all fabulous. There is a wonderful atmosphere in the salon. Everyone is sweet and welcoming and you can tell they care and enjoy their customers. It's just sooooo much better than any other salon I have been to in town! I love them and I always love my nails :) check out the pic of my cherry blossom nails, they're perfect. They can do any designs I've requested beautifully. You just have to go.
5	Got my nails done here for the first time and I have to say I definitely will be coming back! Ask for Amy she does an amazing job! She is so sweet she even let me use her iphone charger. The place is clean and easy to get to. She is great at creating what you want! Very well priced!
5	I've been getting my nails done here for months definitely the best nail place one town. I also get my eyelashes done here too. Cheapest place I've found and they last for weeks without even 1 eyelash falling out. I will never go anywhere else
