5	This place is open very late at night and I have never seen it without a bunch of people playing various kinds of games in different parts of the store.  I go for the Magic the Gathering Cards, but I believe there is also Dungeons and Dragons and traditional board games as well as LAN games going on, and paraphernalia for more games than you knew existed!My favorite thing about Gamer's Inn (besides the fact that if it's 11pm and you want to go buy a Disintegrate card you can) is that they have all their MTG cards in neat, organized binders.  It's amazing.  The staff is knowledgeable and can often tell you from memory if they have a card, and where it is.  What convenience!  The prices are a little more expensive than some places (50 cents for commons I think) but I feel that being able to go straight to the cards you want is worth the extra few cents!  They also have expensive rare cards that are hard to find elsewhere.  My other favorite thing about Gamer's Inn is the people who hang out there.  We usually end up learning a ton about MTG strategy and cards talking to other customers there and meet really interesting people.  The prices are a little high, but the convenience of the store and it's variety of merchandise makes up for that I believe.
4	Get your game on! This place is a 24x7 hardcore gamers paradise. No matter what kind of Magic, Pokemon, Warhammer, Warhammer 40K, Dungeons & Dragons, World of Darkness, and traditional board games, etc. gear you seek they are very likely to have what you need to get your satiate your game fix. They also have a $1 per hour game LAN set up with WoW, Steam, and all your other MMORPG and frag festival favorites. If you've just moved to the area and are trying to find like minded peeps or have never played and wish to learn do not despair as they host numerous events for various game groups including learner sessions. I have also been rather impressed with the general friendliness of the staff as well as that of the patrons as well. Check the website for event schedules and times.http://www.gamersinnaz.com/
5	So let's say it's 3:30am on a Tuesday morning and you think to yourself, "damn I really wish I could play [fill in blank with any nerdy game]", well consider your wish granted.  Gamer's Inn is open 24hours and ALWAYS has people engaging in some sort of friendly game playing.They have huge table tops with model buildings and terrain for the Warhammer type games, they have rows and rows of tables set up for 1on1 MTG type card games, and huge square tables for multiplayer RPG games such as DnD.  Oh, did I mention they also have like 50 PC's set up for just $1hr?  And, of course, enough snack and drinks to live for a year.You know you're a nerd, just go... there are others out there like you, I promise.
1	I was told Gamer's Inn would be a gaming mecca in the desert that is the greater phoenix valley. And, in many respects, it was. The place is, in fact, open 24 hours, has just about every game I could think of off the top of my head, and was an active LAN gaming center. To some people, that is enough to make it heaven, fair enough. But there are some major areas that need to be improved.First of all, the place is a dump, the entire store is one big mess- wires dangling from the ceiling, junk stacked in corners, shelves and tables and racks stuffed in wherever they'll fit. The LAN gaming is tucked between the shop and the playing room in this thin cramped hallway to keep it dark, but feel free to try and walk through it without tripping over crap. It doesn't work. Oh, and the restroom is a complete delight, there was no toilet seat and a sign that said "Standing room only, no pooping please." Classy. So, I hope you don't have an emergency, and I hope you aren't female. There must be something wrong with the plumbing that they don't want people using it for #2, but a good business would get that fixed. Also there was no toilet paper, no soap, and no paper towels. Also classy.It's not that I am a clean freak, but this is quite literally the worst-looking game shop I've ever visited. They could seriously benefit from having someone clean the place up. I don't know how they get away with serving food, quite honestly.Then there's the staff. I've visited this place twice and each time different people were working. The first guy was pretty friendly (and he was working alone), but had absolutely no idea what was going on in terms of the store's own events. I would blame him, but their website's own monthly calendar hadn't been updated in three months.The second time I went in, there were three guys behind the counter. Was was playing magic on the counter, ignoring paying customers. The second was typing away on a laptop as I stood right in front of him waiting to be acknowledged, and the third was leaning back in a chair and had his feet on the countertop. None of them knew when the Magic booster draft was starting, it was supposed to begin at 6p that day, but at 6 nobody was there for it and nobody could take a minute to ask anyone else. I waited another hour and a half for the possibility of an 8pm one, and finally the guy at the counter asked me to tour the store and ask if anyone wanted to play *myself*.As appalling as it was to be asked to do this person's job, I did it anyway because I just wanted to play a damn game. Well, nobody else wanted to play, well, a small group did (containing the person that was playing magic with the clerk at the counter) but politely declined because they were broke.So I returned with a blank list and said goodbye to the workers and left.The management at Gamer's Inn desperately needs to take control of their staff, I was not made to feel welcome or that my money was something they even wanted, and at no point should employees find themselves unaware of store events or caring so little as to fail to get said scheduled events started. Upon further consideration, I am not even sure all of the people I found behind the counter were even employees at all. In fact I hope they weren't, because of how rude and inconsiderate they were in general. But it begs the question 'why were they even there?' Trying to buy something from them or to ask a question about a product behind the glass was like pulling teeth, and I have never had to do that at any other game store before. I came all the way from north phoenix to visit this store and I was made to feel like they didn't even care about my business. Wrong answer.It is almost as if their mentality is "We're the king, and we don't have to care." Gamer's Inn seems to be riding on the fact that it is the only store in the valley that is open 24-7 and offers "everything." Their prices aren't even any better than anyone else's. (except maybe the $1 per hour LAN, but I don't use that)I would describe my experience as "completely unacceptable" and I will be reluctant to return except for special engagements.
2	Great points: -open 24 hours -Computers you can pay by the hour for with games pre-installed - An entire wall of minis to purchase - Great selection of pen and paper RPG books and their supplements - One of the few places I have found that have dice sets - pre detailed RPG tables, with hills and grass and such, along with tables for card games. - Snacks for sale NOW then. This place would be 4 stars if it weren't for one thing: It is filthy. The game stations are cramped into a small area with no walls, just the look of the cramped smelly boys/men crammed into there makes me praise God I have a computer at home. The counter is dirty along with all the game tables and everything is just sort of piled wherever. The microwave they have in the store leaves the place stuck with the stench of hot pockets and pie in a bag. The mingle of smells in such an enclosed place makes me want to vomit at times. If only they would clean the place up and keep the microwave in a separate room I would go there as my first stop for DND needs, instead it is always last on my list.
3	Place is pretty cool for computer gaming.  Sometimes there is a wait and even then sometimes a computer doesn't work but it's not too bad.  The customers/gamers here tend to leave their trash at the computers.The board/card game selection is really nice, they have almost everything so it's really easy to go in and find what you want.  Also, the fact that they have coolers with food and drinks make it nice so that you don't need to leave your gaming session for very long.Now for the bad.  The computers sometimes do not work.  The gamers here tend to have serious nerdrage, always at least one person going berserk over an FPS or WoW.  As someone else mentioned the employees tend to be off in their own world.  Usually I get good service but sometimes they will be on the computer or chatting it up with someone and ignoring the customer right in front of them.  I have seen people walk out in frustration without buying what they wanted because of this.
3	Boy is this place weird.  We'd driven by a few times but there was always a mob of nerds outside that scared us away.  I finally decided to leave the wife behind and brave this nightmare alone.  Luckily when I showed up, most of the mob was inside playing something.  There are two separate entrances to this place.  One goes into the scary gamer room and the other goes into the store.  Avoiding the gamer room, I went into the store and noticed that they don't actually have a ton of games.  Most of the place is dedicated to Warhammer or D&D or something like that.  So if you are into that sort of thing, you will surely wet yourself when you go in.  I, however, am not.  They had a few of the games I was looking for but not all of them.  No one offered to help or even said 'hi' to me while I was in there.  The layout is pretty crammed and it was sort of disappointing.  I can see how this place would be heaven for some and hell for others.  For me, it was okay, but I'm pretty sure I'll be going to Imperial Games from now on.
3	After my primary drive by of this place, I decided I wouldn't be visiting anytime soon.  The place was literally mobbed outside both entrances and I didn't feel like trying to wade through, especially as a girl.  Any female who has ever walked into a real gamer type store knows what I am feeling here.  Anyway... we decided to come back again and luckily a tournament of some sort had just ended so everyone was clearing out and we pretty much had the store to ourselves.  We were given a quick hi by the guy at the counter, but that was pretty much it.  I don't really expect a lot of conversation in this setting, but compared to the other stores I have been to, I didn't really feel welcomed or encouraged to look at any of the games.  I feel that if you see someone standing in a particular area for a prolonged time, that maybe you should go over and ask if they are looking for anything in particular or if you can make any recommendations.  There is no need for pushiness, but when people are new to the hobby, a little encouragement is very helpful.The store is not bad by any means, but it's just not my favorite.  I saw an ad the other day that boasted some ridiculous number of board games in stock, but I certainly didn't see a whole lot.  I prefer a larger selection of board games that are also laid out in a more pleasant manner.  It's a little too hard for me to see the titles when the games are sitting on shelves that are like 8 feet high.  However, being open 24 hours is pretty hardcore and awesome!
4	The good: As has been mentioned before, you're not going to find another gaming store anywhere that boasts 24-hour service or as many open tables. Their selection is top notch for most things, especially miniature gaming and CCGs.The bad: Sometime in the wee hours of the night the Inn can get pretty rowdy. With a 30-seat LAN, there can be people who might need to go home and shower... Three hours ago.The ugly: This isn't the gaming store to take your impressionable wife and kids, but if you like the crazed clubhouse feel, it won't disappoint.
4	Gamer's Inn is what it is. If you are looking for a nice, classy, typical store with a typical selection of gaming products at typical prices - go elsewhere. This isn't the place for you. But if you are looking for an action-packed, 24/7 pit-hole of gaming - this is the place for you. Does it smell? Probably (I can't really smell). Is it dirty? Oh yes. Are the staff rude and inattentive? Yep. But do they have the biggest, most awesome selection of gaming crap in the valley? Definitely. Do they have an amazing selection of buy-by-card CCG? Oh yes. Do they have 24/7 LAN? Yup. Tournaments? Play space? All here. This place is a pit - but sometimes, that's not a bad thing.
3	I came here for the first time for a Super Smash Bros. Brawl tournament, so I didn't get to have the greatest look at the rest of the store, can't tell you what gaming products they offer, nor what their prices are.Parking is a small problem, since the lot is fairly small. There is a spa next door to the store that doesn't allow any Gamer's Inn customers to park in their parking lot, but there are a few more spaces behind the store itself. There is a room made specifically for card games, a room for computer games, a room for tabletop RPGs, and, of course, the store is in the main room. We had a vacant room in the back for our console gaming, but we brought our own TVs and consoles. Oh yeah, and free Wi-Fi!There was only one guy working at the front when I got there. He answered the one question I asked without any problems and had no problem taking payment for my food.The place wasn't as dirty as the other reviews stated, but it's definitely not neat either. Someone's garage is probably the best way to describe it. I didn't notice any awful smell, except for the few smokers by the back door. It was loud and rowdy, but only because of the guys I was playing with, so I was already expecting it. Either way, it probably wouldn't be the best place to bring your kids.They do provide a wide variety of snacks, but are a bit on the expensive side (tuna and crackers for $2.50?!). Luckily, there is no tax. There is a Circle K across the street if you want more filling food for cheaper.I will definitely be back, since this is where our Brawl tournaments are likely going to be held from now on! It's a nice, convenient gaming center where I would prefer to do hours and hours of gaming with 10+ other people than in someone's cramped condo.
2	So Gamers Inn is a strange place indeed....In one sense I am attracted to them by their hours, and model trade in program (more on that later), but in another sense I am repulsed by their horrible staff, and clientele.Even though this place is horrible, their location in regards to our gamers group, and 24 hours status makes them a necessary evil.Let's start with the goods;Good Location, Awesome Hours, Miniature Trade In (in theory), lots of snacks available....yeah thats about it.Lets move onto the bads;With anyplace when your open 24/7 the freaks come out....especially when you throw in computer games, card games, and wargames....speaking of the computer games, its almost worth taking a trip just for the smell and the spectacle of 40+ people who havent showered in months covered in greasy microwavable food playing world of warcraft....truly is a site to behold....like something out of the matrix.  Maybe all of their social skills are gone, maybe it is a primitive mating ritual used to attract match.com mates......I dont know but it is disgusting.The staff here is beyond horrible....rude, mean, and on a regular basis smelling like some serious illicit substances.  I guess if I was sentanced to a minimum wage prison like this I wouldn't care either, but really at least be friendly a little bit....your customers keep you in business (barely)Selection is terrible.....been for 6 months now on a regular basis....the models and games dont change because they dont sell....because they are 20% higher then any other store in the valley.....The used selection however rotates quite frequently which is great for buyers, however as a seller they give you 10% of what they actually mark them at.....which is pretty high considering what they pay for them.  Good stuff occasionally but for the most part washed out ad paint jobs, horribly assembled models, and undesirables.Overall this place stinks (literally and figurativly) if your in a pinch at 2:00am and want to get a game with terrain in stay home and use socks....if you want to use their computers dont bother.....some crazy new biological hazards are being secreted by their customers as I type this......if you want to go to play magic the gathering your coffee table at home is feeling neglected.....however if your in a total pinch and all your friends are spread around the valley with weird schedules then maybe come here.....(although we still tend to avoid it)Overall Im just not impressed....this place kind of sucks, and I have given ample time for it to at least meet some expectations....I keep going here occasionally but only out of need......two stars for potential to some people.
1	How the mighty have fallen.All the good and bad reviews were true. This place at one point occupied about 3+ storefronts and had a ludicrous amount of open tables available 24-hours a day. The "core store" was a bit of a dump, and yeah, it was full of Bros, which can be a pain to deal with for the 'rest of us.' And I could also mention that sometimes it took upwards of 15 minutes to get assistance when the guy behind the counter is talking to a friend and pretending not to notice you holding your purchase.Everything I've said so far applied to the former "Awesome" Gamers' Inn.For economic reasons, I'd assume, the core store is all that now remains. 24 hour purchasing is a thing of the past, as well. The RPG Books and accessories have been removed from the store(because "They all play RPGs at their houses." according to the guy behind the counter), and all that remains are Magic the Gathering cards and Warhammer/W40K accessories. The LAN computers have all been ripped out to accommodate the stand-up war gaming tables. The selection of what they still offer is as bare bones as you can get while still calling yourself a store, and it disappoints me as a former enthusiastic client.
1	This place went downhill fast.....well it wasn't exactly a long drop to the bottoms of the barrel but still what was a decent selection good tables and good pick up games has become a shadow of its former self and isn't even worth the five minute drive from my house anymore.This place once had many redeeming qualities but no longer...here are the major issues...Staff- unfriendly dishonest slobs who couldn't give a single f*ckk about paying customers Tiny I'm looking at you....waiting to purchase three squads of de and other misc merch yesterday but you were too busy socializing as usual (we waited a full 20 minutes for you).the other dude behind the counter.....well the wheels are spinning but the hamster died a long time ago.  We walked out....again at this point I shouldn't be surprised with the way you treat customers you must give the owner one hell of a reach around while you are pumping his business and reputation into thhe ground.Selection -has gone from excellent to non existent since the move....this shouldn't be a blip on the radar in the next year as its painfully obvious they aren't restocking anything. And given there prices are full retail (or more in some cases shop around youll laugh) I'm surprised anyone is purchasing from them at all.Basically every positive from my last review and in general is gone and this has turned into another rapidly failing gaming cesspool.  I hope they close quickly and get it over with.Two words....game depot enjoy it it smokes this place.
2	Ok place. Flaky on special orders and overly aggressive with selling.
2	I am a Magic player who used to come here regularly back in '06 and '07. They had a case for magic singles and binders of rares. Not anymore. Gamer's Inn has devoted all their magic singles sales to their online store. Since they got rid of their computer room, the interior decor looks terrible.DO NOT buy the "instant MTG collection". The value of the "random" cards in the box are maybe worth half of what they charge for them: $70 for about $30 worth of jank rares, and useless commons and uncommons. You are not allowed to look at the cards until after you buy them; meanwhile, the staff has already Pre-sorted the cards "to guarantee you get a certain number of rares, etc". In other words, THEY know what is in the box (i.e., junk) but YOU don't get to know until they have your money- and no take-backs! Selling bulk cards is a perfectly acceptable way to dispense of low-value cards-  but slapping a "random cards" label on them and inflating the price is a con game. Too bad, I used to really like this place.
