4	Could this be, an acceptable minature golf course here in Vegas?  Nice!  I'm not much of a laser tag person but the rates were decent and with the 3D element is something I would venture to try.  In addition to that, it features a decent size arcade along with a feature for hosting parties and is friendly enough.  It's waaaay across town for me so it's a stretch but I'm looking forward to dropping by after the "Grand opening" to see what else is going to happen.  Minature golf is something I like during hot weather, particularly here in Vegas.  It was even decorated for Christmas on the course.  Nice!
5	We had a blast playing mini-golf.  I was cruising along scoring well until the volcano and then my low score was no more.  Despite eating a little humble lava pie it was a fun experience.  Besides being a fun course I really appreciated the creative and artistic style of the whole course. .  Hard to find activities that the entire family will like and not spend a fortune.  This place is now on our "go to" list.
2	I can't give it 1 star because I didn't actually play anything. However, I did take my 3 kids there on hopes of a super fun family night to celebrate my birthday. We knew we were in for disappointment when we drove up. First if all this place is in a tiny corner space of a strip mall. We decided to still give it a chance and go in. We took a little tour of the mini golf, laser tag, and "party area". This place is a joke. It looks like something my friends and I could put together over a weekend with supply's from Home Depot. Seriously. The "party area" had like two metal tables with a few metal chairs. I honestly thought it was a hidden camera joke. The putt putt 3D golf was laughable as well. Their website says they have pizza and food. We were hoping to eat first but they didn't have pizza. Just a "menu" with soda and chips listed on it. What!? Needless to say this was a major waste if a drive. Now we know better. Although I would think this place will be out of business by the end of the month.
2	The laser tag was ok, it's not very big. And $7 for 5 minutes of running in a small space just doesn't entice me enough to want to come back. Tried the mini golf too, the 3D thing really wasn't working for us, my kids didn't even want to wear the glasses because the kids were complaining that it made them dizzy because it was blurry to look through. The arcade is funny, not really much of an arcade, the decor is done very cheaply, it looks like they are in the process of renovating(but not). The second room of the arcade has only a few games by which the others were out of order. The mini golf is outdated. I suggest doing the laser tag instead but don't know if I would come back to do that.
5	Great concept. We had a great time playing mini golf in the dark. The gentlemen did a great job building this course. Thanks for the good time!
4	We came here for some laser tag and got a tour of the start of the 3D golf course which is a trip with black lights. The laser tag was pretty cool, and it is 7$ for the first game and 3$ for the following games. This place has a nice local feel. I am not sure if it is a place that would continue to be amusing if you went every week but then again if you are taking your kids it may remain just as thrilling for them. Kudos to the owner for going on a limb with this place.
5	Went with a few friends for some birthday fun and it was great!!  Had a great time on the mini golf course (curse you flaming volcano!!!). The 3D element is a fun twist. Then took a turn in the Laser Tag Arena. We laughed like 5 year olds on Christmas morning the entire time!  All in all, it was an afternoon well spent. Looking forward to going again.
2	I really wanted to like this place. I've held off on reviewing it, since I wanted to make sure that I really let the experience sink in, and not give them short shrift if I could help it. Alas, in the end, I did not find it to be good value. Now, to be fair, I did not try the golf; I only tried the laser tag. But, when having a party with your kids and their friends,  breaking them up into two groups to play laser tag doesn't make any sense. If the area is too small or you don't have enough weapons to cover them, don't offer packages for that many kids. Also, five minutes is NOT long enough to play; the other places we've been run 15 per game. The vests are chintzy and lacking the number of targets we've grown to expect at other places. The maze is too small. They don't make their own pizzas onsite. There's no soft drink fountain, so you have to pay per can. There's no chance of adding another pizza if the parents get hungrier than you expected; if you didn't order enough to start, you're SOL. The staff, however, is so earnestly nice, and they try SO hard to please, that you just really, really want to like the place. Sadly, in the end, the value is not there. They'd do better to tear out the laser tag portion, really focus on the mini golf until they have enough scratch to take over the place next door, and use that area to focus on laser tag, with better equipment.
4	I signed up to yelp just to write a good review for this location. My boyfriend and I were on our way to Pinball Hall of Fame but I wasn't really feeling it and like the holy grail, I saw MINI GOLF in bold letters! I was super excited and they did not let us down. I loved it. The creativity was on point. Loved the themes. We'll be back with a group for the laser tag next time. :)
3	So, I really wanted to like this place, but I think its just OK.  I bought a groupon for the four of us to go and try this place for a round of mini golf and a laser tag session.  I am always looking for a new place to take the kids.  My kids love laser tag and this place had promise.The mini golf was pretty decent.  There are problems on some of the holes that don't seem planned out good enough and are needlessly difficult.  The 3D aspect was different.  We ended up ditching the 3D glasses half way through because it was too hard to wear.The kids really enjoyed the laser tag.  I was less than impressed.  It was really small in there.  It was 7 minutes (or 5, I can't remember) long.  There was only the four of us against each other.  We laughed and giggled.  I just don't think this place is worth $50 for a round of golf and a round of laser tag for 4.Staff was super friendly, but just can't make up for the limitations of this place.
1	For only being open for 3 weeks the place was dirty and small. I would not even call it Miniature golf course that I have played in the past. It mini mini golf. When you tee off there is no room to putt your back is Against a wall. The holes are so short and not well Designed. I think they had a kindergarten class come and paint it. For the glasses we Wore them for one hole and then took them off it was hard to see the ball and it was to dark inside for them. The putting area was a cheap carpet the ball would go into the hole and come right back out. For the laser tag area it was small and short u get about 5 min to play. The equipment was cheap. No where to hide Super boring. No food on site. Arcade was a joke super old video games half of them were broken. Tokens that they dispense were from Chuckecheese If you have extra ones bring them. I will stick to king put and the kiss putt putt golf. Good luck 3d golf. Darn Groupon got me
5	This place is amazing. I really had low expectations but for the space and area they really did a lot with it. My friends and I spent about 1 and a half hours just doing the 3d mini golf alone haha. Then laser tag was just the plain best, never have I ran so much and felt tired. Go there just expecting a good time and I'm sure you will. The people were amazingly nice too. Love it.
4	The mini golf here was a fun experience! I would definitely recommend using the 3D glasses because they add some challenge, and the planning of the 3D aspect of the game was well thought out, in my opinion. Each hole was interesting and unique! I suggest taking advantage of the nightly deals; I went on a Thursday night - the "date night" deal made our games cost next to nothing.This place is pretty dead, I think there was only one other group golfing when I was there. I think this place deserves more attention, especially from families. In addition to mini golf, they also offer laser tag and a small arcade, both of which my group are too old for, but I feel that a younger crowd would enjoy those parts of the facility, too. On the night I went, the place was staffed with one person, and he was extremely nice and talkative! Not only did he offer the student discount to my group, but he also kindly accommodated to us when I asked him to retake pictures of our group, lol.Though this place hasn't become a place I want to hang out every week, I'd be interested in visiting again.
5	From the outside, it doesn't impress much, but once you get inside everything is much nicer and alot of fun! we played 1 round of mini golf, 16 creative holes that were alot of fun to play. Do not judge a book by its cover and support independent businesses offering family fun that is really rare to find in Las Vegas.
4	Came here the other night looking for some innocent fun... wasn't expecting much from the outside of the place.  When we walked in, it looked a little cheesy, but the staff was wonderful and very friendly.  The course was actually A LOT of fun! The whole 3D aspect of it makes it way different than any other mini golf!  We had the whole course to ourselves which was nice because we didn't feel rushed and could enjoy all the 3D obstacles!  All in all, I thought this place was WAY better than King Putt, and that is  a lot closer to my apt... but I would totally pick this place over that any day!  A lot of fun
5	Quoting my friend's comment:" This is the most interesting thing I have done in Vegas!"The mini golf is AMAZING! Player wear 3D glasses to play, the design is very original and very brilliant!!!Mini golfers you have to try this place, like MUST!We bought a Groupon deal, and it also includes laser tag game.Watched introduction video and they help us to put on equipment, fighting against friends in dark trying to protect your base...It is quite a workout, so much fun, screaming, running, hiding, shooting and so on!Love this place, appreciate the creativity, the place needs some love and support.Please try it out, you won't regret!#Only thing the place needs to improve is the website, I was skeptical browsing the website, thankfully it was so much fun more than I imagined.
4	I will admit, I was skeptical, no...I downright thought this would be cheaply done, hokey and boring.  I am glad I was wrong as I caught myself saying "cool" and "impressive" almost as many times as my girlfriend and kids! The facility itself isn't anything special and itself didn't have a "Wow Factor", but the 3D miniature gulf course was fun!  The holes were typical and if it had been any other course I would have been disappointed, but the introduction of 3D really changed things.  The painting, layers and lighting really do add a whole new dimension to the game.  There were times when you couldn't tell where the hole really was, and then depending on where you ball landed and it's color, it looked like it was floating.  The theme changes and they really did do a good job on making it 3D.The Lasertag course is standard with standard equipment and obstacles.  The gun and vest worked as expected so don't expect to get perfect shots or hits every time, because it just won't happen.  We used a Groupon, so the whole evening was pretty cheap and well worth the investment.  We have already talked about coming back without the kids and with a group of friends to do the miniature golf again.
1	I would not spend a dime of my hard earned money there.  The owner is very rude!!  The place is run down and dirty.
4	While we were in Las Vegas, we decided to look into a few things we could do with our nine year old girl. So, we checked out Groupon deals and took advantage of a mini golf and laser tag deal for this place. The concept sounded pretty cool and, even though I am approaching 32 years old, I am always up for a game of laser tag. This place is located in a small shopping center / strip mall and doesn't appear to to be anything special. The man working the front counter was friendly and informative and made sure the family in front of us was a few holes ahead before allowing us to start as to not interrupt each other's game.The course itself is pretty basic, but the 3D aspect, neon colors, pop-culture and kid-themed holes and black lights make it a very unique experience. From Disney, to Mario, to American theme, to space; there was a different feel to each of the 18 holes. We were able to get through our game at a steady pace while never interrupting anyone else's game or being disrupted ourselves. The laser tag room wasn't very big, but a perfect size for the group we played with. it was an every-man/woman-for-him/herself and I always targeted the youngest kids because they helped my score. Unfortunately the other parents took advantage of my reckless style of play and I was hit quite a bit. I ultimately fell shy of the laser tag crown, but took home second place. If you are in Las Vegas with children, give this place a shot. Don't expect anything fancy, but it's a different experience and fun for the whole family. Just pray you don't get stuck in the venue at the same time as a mother of 12, because then I imagine it would ruin the experience.
5	Definitely not what I expected. With or without the 3D glasses this course is a place to see. The course has so much character and the staff is really friendly. It's a must whether you live in Vegas or are just visiting and have time to kill. Oh, and if you're a student or senior you get a discount, not much, but it's better than nothing.
4	This place is better then King Putt, IMO, because of the different themed holes.  I will say, like every other indoor golf place, it looks like someone just slapped it together over a weekend.  My boys had a ton of fun, otherwise I would have rated it three stars.  Some of the arcade games were broken and looked old.  But, they did have arcade games I have never seen before.  The two gentlemen I encountered were super nice and if you are looking for a cheaper party, currently they have an offer on their Facebook page that will give you half off their parties.  I would go here over king putt based on coolness factor.
4	I decided to venture off the strip for some mini-golf fun.  I couldn't really find any outdoor mini-golf courses in the area; however, I did find this 3D indoor experience. We went on a Sunday afternoon, and it didn't seem to be crowded at all.We were greeted in a pleasant manner, given instructions, and did the 18 hole course.  It is very interesting, fun, and definitely a little 3D.  In fact, it gave me a little bit of a headache.  hahaha.  A "good fun" headache.  I did see people playing without the glasses, so I'm sure you can do that too.Anyway, it was a good experience. We did not do any of the arcade games or laser tag; however, had fun with the golf.
4	Overall, I had a great time here! We went for the Thursday night special (two for one) for mini golf. I figured this place was close by and the prices weren't terrible. The "3D" also intrigued me, and with the two for one deal, I figured there was nothing to lose!We were a little bit skeptical of the location, but once we were inside it looked like any other family fun center. The guy at the counter was friendly and helpful, and it was pretty empty, I think there was only one other family while we were in there. I'm so glad we went with the 3D glasses! It definitely added some difficulty to the courses- it was like nothing I've ever seen for mini golf! The colors actually pop out at you and sometimes you can't even tell where the hole is! The only downside was that the course as a whole seemed a bit short, but I guess time flies when you're having fun!After the mini golf we decided to buy a few dollars in tokens, which gave us another half hour of fun with pinball, skeeball, air hockey, and guitar hero! I have to say I was pleasantly surprised at how much fun it was for such a small place!
4	Took my two boys here (ages 9 and 12) on a Saturday afternoon on 2/1/14. We got the Mini Golf and Laser Tag package. Mini Golf: $8.50         Students and Seniors With ID: $1.00 Off         Replay on same day: $3.00         Family Pricing (2 adults & 2 children): $30.00         Glasses Rental: $1.50 Laser Tag: $7.00         Replay on same day: $4.00       *$2.00 off  if purchased with Mini Golf.UNLIMITED PLAY: $24.99The 3D Mini Golf was pretty fun. You have 18 holes of different themed courses. I gotta say they did a nice job with the set up and paint jobs at each hole. I thought it was a nice touch with some of the Disney characters they drew up. Heck, they even had an alien and a Super Mario hole. Just a little note though, if you opt for the 3D glasses, if after about 10 minutes you feel dizzy and/or feel a headache coming on, I suggest you don't use it any more. Now that I think about it, I don't think I should have done that option. Me and the kids stopped using it after the first 3 holes. So save your money it.Next. Laser Tag. Since there were only three of us, it was gonna be a free for all. They make you watch a video about safety and how to shoot a laser gun, yadda yadda. Once we were let loose, I think the time frame was 7 minutes. It seemed like eternity for me. But then again, I am so out of shape that watching the safety video got me tired. Anyways, pro tip: Don't wear anything white because the black lighting will make you stick out like Miley Cyrus tryin to twerk in that ghetto outfit. Needless to say I had the lowest score. At least my kids had fun. Overall, as long as the kids had fun, that's all a parent can ask for. If you refer to my pics, they have weekly family specials. They are good deals too so take advantage when you get the chance.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #37
2	Not worth the money! Today was my step sons bday and his mother arranged a party here. The cost for the package was $240, and included pizza, soda, and decorations and a free round of laser tag and mini golf. We payed an extra $90 to add more kids because it only included 15. None of this bothered me til we got there and had to ask for cutlery,  they provided the cake,  but no cake cutter, no tokens for the kids to play games, the bathroom was disgusting. To top it all off, we were only given an hour and a half,  to eat, have cake, play games, and they were rushing us before we could even open gifts! Any person with kids knows it takes a lot longer to have a party, and for what we paid they should be able to not rush through this! Good news is the birthday boy had a blast, but we won't be returning,  too expensive and it's not worth it!!
1	I went here on 2/26/14 @ 2p to check it out for my sons birthday. I left very upset due to some of these issues. The place says it opens at 2 but the girl who was working didn't open till 2:05. She was unprofessional and didn't know much about the place. I asked her about party times and she said she didn't know but it says it on their website (I'm pretty sure their site doesn't provide that info which is why I asked her). I asked how much were the tokens. Again, she said answered with I don't know. And did I mention she was too busy texting on her phone while I'm standing there looking at her trying to talk to her??? How rude!!! So I left. I called a few minutes later to ask to speak to a manager and she said she didn't know when he'll be in since he comes and goes as he pleases. Ugh!! I really hope she didn't know anything about her place of employment because maybe she was a new hire. Needless to say, I will not be having my sons birthday party here.
1	The only reason I gave these people a star is because I didn't have the option to give them "zero" starts. My mom and I scheduled a birthday party for my little brother here about a month ago. She gave them a "non-refundable" deposit the day we scheduled the party of $160. The party was for July 5th, 2014 at 4:00 pm, when we arrived at the location, their doors were locked, their "open" sign was turned off and nobody was there. We waited approximately 45 minutes with all of our guests waiting in the parking lot and nobody ever showed up. I called their number more than 10 times, and no one answered. We replied to their confirmation email, hoping that someone would show up, but it is 3 days after the fact and we still have heard nothing! I just hope we can get our money back... DO NOT GO HERE!
5	We had such a blast here. We have been back twice. Take your family, take your friends, it's good clean fun.
5	great place been here before but tried to go last night and there is an eviction notice posted on the door. and the store is completely empty. had to go to a different one.
