3	My first exposure to Upstream was a few years ago at one of those "taste of" events, when all sorts of places from around town bring samples of their wares, and for a few bucks you can buy a little plate with something on it.  We had teriyaki salmon, and it was just awesome.  Ever since, we've been meaning to go by and try their real food.So we went.  I'd have to agree with a lot of others in that the atmosphere is just a little too stuffy for my own personal taste.  It's a nice place, and you really don't have to dress up - we went in jeans - but it's just so "pretty".  The staff is nice, they are relatively attentive and all, but it just seems so wrong.  I'd much rather go somewhere that's a little grizzled.In any case the menus were delivered and we decided to try the spring roll appetizers, and they were actually quite good.  I liked that there were two of us, and they split the appetizer onto two plates.  That's a nice touch.  Most places give you one plate and you're left to do it yourself.  Another nice thing is that the bread comes with melted butter.  That's cool.I ordered the sea bass, on the suggestion of the server, who said it is "far and away" the best thing on the menu, while my wife had a sirloin.  The flavor of the fish was good, but it was just so sponge-like I had a difficult time eating it.  The texture was just strange.  The steak, meanwhile, was really good.  Odd, at a seafood place.Overall, it was decent, but it wasn't cheap by any means.  I think we'd rather go to the more fun and much better McCormick and Schmick's, as it's just more our style, and the food is typically better (and it's cheaper to boot).
4	Came here to have dessert and coffee one evening after a big night of sushi and wine.  There were five of us and everyone got something different.  Each dessert ran around $10 and the coffee was $6.  The restaurant is very modern and hip - the wait staff seemed pleasant enough.  Looking around I could see this would be a great date place if you were looking to make an impression.  The dessert presentation was uniquely plated.  We all tasted each others desserts - they were all good...creme brulee, chocolate molten lava cake, rhubarb cobbler, ice cream cones (you get two tiny cones 2 inches tall) - and an apple martini.  Very trendy - yet casual.
3	This is definitely one of the pricier restaurants I've ever been to in Charlotte, but that's not saying much. The food is definitely pretty good, with some odd menu items, but they really shocked me with how much flavor they had.The ambiance of the place wasn't too much to my liking, with so many different plates, silverware options, etc...but I'm sure if you're used to this than it's no different than any pricey restaurant. Heck, the waiter even poured the wine for my girlfriend & had her try it before buying (which is apparently customary)...It is in a nice area of Charlotte, close enough to the hustle & bustle but just far enough away. The food, while not top notch, is pretty good & it sure is a nice place to impress a date, but make sure you bring your credit card.
5	As far as I can tell, Upstream is the best (nicest) restaurant in Charlotte, and I'm not sure it's close. Most people I've talked to tend to agree. It's just awesome: classy, hip, with great food and service. The one downside? It's super expensive, but it has every right to be, because it's outstanding. Of course, I say all this having gone there for a firm dinner, when everything was free to me. But whatever. Great bar scene--big bar and cocktail tables for before and after your meal (or if you're there just to hang out). Super call outdoor lounge area for nice weather (definitely check this out if you're there during warmer months). Amazing dining room atmosphere--great art, great ambiance, great table stuff. Just the best. And the food. Everything I tried was better than the rest. If you're really feeling zesty, go with their signature dish, their sea bass. It's awesome, although super expensive ($38). I gotta say, if you love fish, it's worth it. Indeed, if you're a seafood fan, this is your place. You might not love as much if you're not into seafood, although there are non-fish options should you desire them. But if you're there, go with the fish. You will NOT be disappointed at all. Amazing date place if you really want to impress. Or if you're just pretty loaded.
5	I've been to Upstream twice now and had exceptional experiences both times.  The first time was for a friend's birthday.  A group of us were seated at a big table in the dining room, ordered appetizers, entrees, wine -- the works.  Although entree prices are closer to $50 than they are to $0, everything was delicious and the service was spot-on.  It was a rare special-occasion treat.  The Ahi Tuna melted in my mouth, but its higher-end pricing (and my checkbook!) prevents me from enjoying it on a regular basis.My 2nd visit to Upstream included sitting at a table in the bar area ordering sushi.   The sushi was more comparably priced and I still got to enjoy the calming Upstream atmosphere and delicious taste experience.  My only disappointment with the sushi would be that the menu doesn't include anything "out of the ordinary."  There weren't any specialty rolls, exotic combinations, or different flavors that I can't find anywhere else.  So for sushi, although I like Upstream's atmosphere, I usually pick other sushi restaurants in town that offer a lot more.
5	I was amazed on my first visit to Upstream. I even went with high expectations since it was ranked Charlotte's #1 restaurant according to one website. I ordered the Pad Thai which was very rich and tasty, and it even came in a fancy slanted white bowl. The second time I went I ordered Pecan Crusted Book Trout, which was also very tasty. (Although not as memorable as the pad thai.) The restaurant looks very nice both on the exterior and interior, service is great, and food is phenomenal. I can see why this place was ranked #1 in Charlotte.
1	Disappointed every time I've gone...won't be trying it anymore!!
4	Upstream is conveniently located in Phillips Place. I went there on a late Sunday afternoon. I had a nice time and didn't break the bank. They have great happy hour from 4-7pm each day (although you have to sit in the bar). Select sushi rolls and appetizers are half price and on Sunday they have half price glasses of wine. I think that they have a different drink special each day.The service was very good and friendly! We sat for quite a while visiting, sipping on wine, and eating and we never felt rushed or that we were taking up too much space and time. The sushi was good (although I didn't care for their version of spicy tuna roll) and they had a nice happy hour variety. I really enjoyed the atmosphere. It's a good place for a relaxing happy hour!
4	I went here for lunch time.Restaurant Feel - Romantic. The ceiling is pretty intriguing. Service - Timely, the waitress is very nice and respectful. Food Quality - I ordered 2 oysters. One from the East and One from the West. The one from the west coast wasn't that great =T. The one from the east was very sweet, as fresh seafood should be. I tried the bisque, which was pretty tasty. I also had the fish and chips, which was pretty nice. Crunchy, flaky batter, delicious fish. Very nice.
3	While in Charlotte for business we ventured to upstream for dinner. My company was awkward, at best. Two gentlemen, the closest 30 years my senior who are business associates. But the guys wanted fish so I went along for the ride. First impression - I liked the outdoor seating area.. it looked like a fun place to grab apps and wine with friends, but that wasn't my fate on this particular night. Instead, we were seated in a booth, in the back of the restaurant. Yay.On to the food: We shared an assortment of sushi and sashimi off of the sushi menu. I'm a sushi snob so everything was pretty mediocre. But to my associates, apparently it was great considering they didn't say two words during this course. On to our mains - as a west coaster, generally 4pm is not my dinnertime so I went light: the Gazpacho was slightly spicy, flavorful and the dollop of creme freche was the perfect topper. Unfortunately my second course, a melon salad with some sort of duck bacon didn't make the grade. Boring, blech, nothing impressive. The dishes my fellow diners ate looked good, but I really can't comment any further. Even by LA standards, this meal seemed pretty pricey and not particularly outstanding.
4	I brought my partner to Upstream for his first visit.  We had a table in the middle of the dining room.  I love the look and decor of Upstream (especially the ceiling!) so this felt very cozy.  The only disturbing thing about it was the noise level.  There's no wall between the cozy dimly lit dining room and the loud blaring kitchen.  I understand (and enjoy!) the concept of "open kitchen" dining, but I think that should be reserved for different types of restaurants.  The open kitchen didn't feel right for an upscale seafood restaurant that can/should be used for special occasions and dates.  Anyway, we had fantastic service.  Just be prepared to enjoy an hour and a half relaxing meal.  To start, we tried the bento box appetizer, which was a combination of different things (sashimi, sushi, beef, eggroll), but I think next time I would go with just a couple of sushi rolls.  We also splurged and added the flash-fried calamari as it sounded so good when our server was describing it to us.  And she was right.  It was very tasty and not at all chewy. It also didn't include the baby squids with attached tentacles that you might normally find in calamari dishes.  The only disappointing thing was the portion size.  Good thing we got the bento box, too!I ordered the sea scallops for my entree and chose the Japanese ponzu sauce (there are 5 choices!) to go with it.  The three tennis ball-sized scallops had a LOT of flavor to them and the fingerling potatoes on the side were tasty, too.  Again, though, the portion was pretty small, but with all things added up, we were full by the end of our meal.  All in all, we had a very enjoyable experience, but I can't say that when thinking of places to go in the future, I'd return anytime soon.  There are so many other options out there and Upstream didn't "wow" us enough to return time and time again.
5	I am a big fan of this place. It was home away from home for a long time. I love eating in the bar, because it is so posh and yet kick back at the same time. The sushi is some of the best in Charlotte and the they have a good wine list. The calamari is the BEST appetizer on the menu, but I do always have sea weed salad and some edamame to start..  a glass of conundrum there is over priced.. WAY marked up, but you can get a good Gewurtz that goes well with the spider roll just the same...They also have great seafood dishes, nothing I have tried has been bad... all the seafood is super fresh..  they have added a great outdoor area for summer too..  just make sure you don't sit out there in bug season.. but it is a great relaxing area to have a glass of wine, people watch and share an appetizer...Bento boxes are a great way to taste a few different things. For dessert you must try the creme brulee...  and the french press coffee is out of this world..   alot of people love the hot molten chocolate cake.. little rich for me, but if you are a cocoa lover, go for it!
3	Came here for restaurant week last July when I was visiting a friend in Charlotte. We were able to get a table outside and had a view of the shopping area. I started off with the cream of crab soup which was okay, and got the sea bass as an entree. My friend and I both thought are meals were okay, but nothing special. Service began as fine, but as the meal progressed became a little absent.
4	Go on Half Priced Bottle night!I went one night with a friend and had a bottle of Elyse "Korte Ranch" Zin for $35!!! I wanted to take one home, but didnt have the guts.Sushi is always enjoyable, even though it is no longer being prepared at the sushi bar. The Executive Chef, Scott Wallen is super talented and has a great staff in the kitchen, pressing out dishes that just work! Wine list is good, although, at one time a much more "Seafood Friendly" one that has now given way to the big names. Service is always good, but if you really want to have a good time, sit in the bar area! If I could give Upstream a 4.5, I would!
5	Absolutely love this place, perfect for Dinner and a Movie. It's located in the Phillips Place plaza which has trendy shops and a movie theater. The bar or outside seating is perfect for a relaxing evening to enjoy some people watching. Dining room seating usually tends to take longer and the servers aren't as attentive, definitely not good for a quick lunch. Appetizers to try are; the cheese plate, Sweet & Sour Calamari (my fav) and their Mussel Pot. They have a great sushi selection, I normally have their Spider and Firecracker Roll which is always fresh and perfect. I recently tried their Queen City Roll and its absolutely delicious paired with a glass of Conundrum. The mashed potatoes and baby green beans are a great side dish for any of their menu items. Also, try their bread pudding dessert when they have it on the menu, it's the best in town.
1	My boyfriend and I decided to go see a movie this past Sunday & wanted to grab a few appetizers before heading that way. We walked over to Upstream to check out the menu and immediately loved their options! We headed straight for the bar where we were greeted immediately and requested two waters and two menus. About 5 minutes later we were still without waters or menus & our bartender was nowhere to be seen (there were only about 3 or 4 other people sitting at the bar)...so I had to go to the host stand to look for some. We each ordered the lobster bisque and decided to share the sweet and sour calamari. The lobster bisque came out lukewarm which made it completely unappetizing and had one small piece of lobster in the middle that turned out to be rubbery when we went to eat it!!!We moved on to the calamari which was AMAZING and delicious!!!! Unfortunately, it was a pretty small serving for what we were paying so again we were disappointed but this time with the quantity.While dining our waters actually sat empty for pretty much the entire time the food was in front of us...very frustrating! We finally flagged down a server who was passing by to fill us up, which she did, BUT was not happy about it which she made very obvious with the annoyed long loud sigh she let out as she walked away. Throughout our meal not a single person stopped to check and see if our food was good or if we wanted to order anything else. We were never spoken to after our order was taken and had to flag someone down to request our bill. My boyfriend and I eat out ALL the time and usually spend somewhere between $100 - $400 for dinner each time we go out (which is at least once a week). This time we were in and out diners who were excited to test a new place for a potential new date spot...they failed completely! We can forgive soup being lukewarm or even overpaying here and there....BUT not being completely ignored like we had no place dining there because we were only ordering a few quick appetizers and water. Best of luck to other diners, we unfortunately must have come on a bad night...
2	We had heard great things about this restaurant and were very excited to go.  What a disappointment.  The service was sooo slow.  I think we got water about 10 minutes after being seated. It must have taken another 10-15 minutes for the waiter to show up, and when he did, it was as if we were bothering him.  We ordered two seafood entrees, two beers, and an order of sushi.  The taste was average and the portions small.  When we ordered the sushi, we laughed at the amount we were given. For the price we were expecting more.  The atmosphere is fine - nothing special. After about 1 1/2 hours, we left $65 lighter - and still hungry. So we headed over to Dean and Deluca...
3	Upstream is one of 3 main restaurants in Phillips Place (PF Chang's & The Palm are the other two). Known for it's seafood and brunch, I've been here several times for dinner or some quick bites at the bar. For me, a solid 3 stars. I've never tried the brunch, but heard it's very good. Same ownership group as Zink & Mimosa Grill.For dinner...I've had the tuna and the scallops. Both were good, and the portions were not too far off from their $25-$30 entree price. Both times I've been there for dinner, we've sat on the patio which is nice and a great view the end of Phillips place near the movie theater. There are some lounge chairs outside near the front as well, which seem a little off placed for me, but it's a nice tough. They have valet parking too. I've been here more for a quick stop for sushi and oysters with a beer at the bar. There are a few TV's around, so fellas, if the lady(ies) are shopping, go here for a beer and some apps...you'll be able to catch the game in the bar area. Sushi was average to me, but the oysters were good and when I think Upstream, I think of a good oyster spot for me in the South Park area. I've never had a problem with service and would recommend Upstream to try. For me, I need to still try the brunch!
4	visiting from charleston, sc with 6 others.  we had a nice time in the back private room.  the service was attentive and the waitress was knowledgeable about the specials.  this is a seafood restaurant with asian fusion influences.  i started with the lobster bisque which was average at best.  however, the scottish salmon entree was delicious; perhaps the best salmon entree i've had in a restaurant.  (i'm not a great salmon fan.)  the rest of my party enjoyed dishes like the calamari appetizer and the entrees Mediterranean whole sea bass and grilled filet.  there also was a nice touch where you could mix and match fish, sauce, and a side (i think it was called 'simply sides').  the wine list was considered very good by the oenophiles in the room.  it was overall a pleasant experience.
3	Wish it had been better when I made my one and only trip.  The menu was smallish and nothing quite appealed to me.  But I know others have enjoyed it very much, maybe I am an exception.  I like the wine suggestion it was top notch.  Staff was efficient and friendly.
2	My girl and I came here for their Sunday brunch to enjoy the seafood and hang out with new friends.  While the decor of the restaurant and the service was quite good, it's in the food category where this place was severely lacking.The way they do their brunch is buffet style with an assortment of stations which are self serve and two manned stations, one for carving and another for omelets.  Pretty standard setup.  Along with the buffet they had unlimited tapas that could be ordered for the table.Meeting our friends there for a Sunday bite was nice.  The table was comfortable, the atmosphere up scale and everyone was generally pleasant.  That's the only reason I'm giving this place 2 stars.The buffet suffered from the one cardinal sin of any buffet type offering, the food was left out too long.  Congealed mac & cheese, sushi with crunchy rice and sausage that had been dried out from being exposed for so long.  On top of that, none of the shrimp had been cleaned.  Not the large cold shrimp with cocktail sauce or the small shrimp tossed into the omelets.  That's beyond gross and completely unacceptable for a seafood restaurant of that caliber.Honestly, I'd rather do the brunch at the Ballantyne Resort.  This place was not worth the money and with such a poor showing I won't even try them for dinner.
2	we were hoping for more of a sushi restaurant but this is much more of a fish restaurant.  the sushi was good but the nigri was expensive compared to other places we have been.  with all the other choices out there - we probably won't be back.
5	By far the best oysters I ever had!!! We drove across town from Lake Norman to Phillips Place searching for the best oysters in town and we found it here. I had a friend from NYC flying in for the holidays. We did a take out of 4 dozen blue point oysters for 3 people and it was worth the drive across town just to get them. Every single oysters were nicely packed on ice for the 40 minutes ride home. It was the most delicate and careful driving with the freshest oysters in the back seats. What a trip! We were so happy we finally made it home to try the best oysters available in town. The next time I would love to dine in and try your other seafood entrees. The manager and the hostesses were very nice and friendly.
5	Upstream is wonderful, and I don't just say that because I use to work there. I enjoy taking my family here for Mother's Day because their brunch is outstanding, or when we have company from out of town we won't be disappointed. This is one of those restaurants we use for special occasions, and while the prices are not cheap, you get what you pay for. A meal at Upstream is always money well spent. Favorite items would be their bento boxes for lunch, cevichi, I gorge myself of the sushi especially at the Sunday brunch, the tapas are exceptional and I love their seaweed salad.
5	Always excellent, service is outstanding, sushi is better than most in the city, the rosemary steak rivals the best steak houses in the city and the sweet and sour calamari appetizer is amazing. Ask about the boxes and towers if you are dining with friends as thats a great sometimes off the menu option. This is always my first call for seafood and the brunch and Sunday 1/2 price wine special is great. Its not a cheap eat but good value for money and the bar staff are excellent if you want more casual dining
1	I don't know if 1 star is right or 2, but it's pretty close.  I think it would have been an easy 2 stars if I didn't go to George's Brasserie the night after to compare this against.First off, the waiter was off. I don't mind that perhaps English wasn't his first language, but there are somethings that do matter.  Like getting your napkin halfway through the appetizers is a little strange.  We were needing some space on the table because me and buddies ordered a lot of food.  It took a really long time for the waiter to come by and clear the dishes  - since it was him who noted the crowded tabletop.  Also, when we got the dessert menu, it literally took him like over ten minutes to come back and get an order from us.  It's wild, but the way the waiter is will really set the tone for the evening.Second, the food was not good.  I couldn't help but notice some post here claiming that oysters are really good.  Frankly, I'm no oyster aficionado, but after comparing with other restaurant, it was pretty weak.  In comparison to other oyster bars in the area, they were much to liquid-y. That is, they just didn't have enough substance on the whole and also, the taste wasn't really like seawater, it was more salt water than anything. Fairly disappointed in the oysters. Second, the mussel pot had a pretty good broth, but the mussels were far too small and you could easily tell that they were old/frozen.  The mussels tended to be a bit grainy and fall apart in the mouth.  The sushi was definitely standard and didn't pop out at me at all. Admittedly, the sweet'n'sour calamari or something like that was pretty good, but that's the extent of it.Third, the ambiance made me feel tired. Lights are too dim and not very crowded.Yeah, I won't be coming back, sorry.  Waiter really set the tone for the night and the food didn't do anything to recover. If I want oysters/mussels, I'll go to another place.dmo out.
4	Upstream is tres chic! I've been there multiple times and service has always been impeccable. What else would you expect from an establishment that has linen tablecloths? My favorite times to go to Upstream has been for brunch and Thanksgiving . Their brunch is a tad on the high side ($25 I believe) but completely worth it just for a bite of the Brioche French Toast alone.  Along with that I've gone there for Thanksgiving dinner twice and was nothing but pleased with it. They have a complete traditional Thanksgiving spread set up in their bar along with sushi, cooked seafood and other goodies. At the risk of sounding like George Costanza, they have one of the nicest restrooms I've seen in Charlotte. They also have a cute patio area with cushioned seats that's perfect to enjoy an after work cocktail on and watch the people of Phillips Place. And dare I say, even though it's in the heart of South Park-not an obnoxious number of misbehaved children . To top it all off, they are a part of Harpers restaurant group and offer cooking classes on Saturdays for $35/class (a few of the classes go for $55 or $60)
4	After having to get up and leave the table of a new downtown restaurant (our server never showed up), I was excited to go to Upstream for some real service, and food for that matter. I have been to Upstream a number of times and it has yet to disappoint. The staff is friendly and accommodating (you want a booth? no problem! lemons with that? you got it!), the service top notch, and the food solid. Their Asian inspired calamari appetizer is outstanding. I sampled the cashew crusted Mahi which came in a pleasantly sweet sauce with pineapple and baby shrimp. Very tasty. I ordered the Mahi prepared with the lemon vinaigrette and the bok choy as a side. Light and fresh, but flavorful. What more can you ask for? We split a chocolate mousse cake type of dessert that was ok. It tasted like it was made out of house. Maybe Upstream could use a pastry chef? The atmosphere is classy, yet relaxed. This establishment has been here for a while and could benefit (aesthetically) from some updates (hand dryer, automatic sinks...perhaps). I would take anyone here I wanted to impress or just show a great time. We were treated like kings!
5	Upstream is right in the middle of Phillips place court so it is hard to miss. The surroundings are nice to look at and they have a huge patio area! The parking can get a bit hectic at dinner but I don't mind a bit longer walk to help burn off the calories.I've been here once for dinner and several times for lunch. The decor is very upscale and trendy, although it can get a bit loud with the open kitchen. The time I went here for dinner, my friend Tom and I had just finished a gallery crawl in NoDa and weren't exactly dressed to impress in jeans and tshirts. However that didn't stop them from giving exceptional service! We were seated promptly by a cheery hostess and water glasses were discreetly filled during the dinner, every course was checked on to see if it was to our liking, and the food was excellent. They have some more interesting options for sushi here, I got the chef's special that night which was a butterfish bento, it was all extravagantly prepared fresh and delicious, and I was so busy enjoying my meal I didn't even bother to try out my friend's choice or remember much about it other than it had something to do with tuna. The only thing that might turn some people off is that dinner can get expensive, however if you stop by here for lunch the prices get much more reasonable while presentation and service remain phenomenal.A few days later I was in the mood for seafood for lunch and remembering dinner headed here. After being seated promptly I ordered some tea (which actually have an extremely nice selection of) and a tempura shrimp bowl. Food came out in a timely manner, hot, and a killer presentation. I kind of did a double take at the shrimp in my noodle bowl, they were so huge these shrimp are like baby lobster size! On the next few visits here the food has been consistently great, and on the second trip for lunch, the servers even remembered my name, the type of tea I order and how I like it.Personally I feel that people eat here and get turned off by the feeling that it is too uptight, but if you give the place a chance it's a gem. The service have always been friendly and attentive. While the dinners here can be a bit pricey and probably best reserved for special occasions, lunch here is extremely affordable and delicious. Probably my favorite lunch place in Charlotte so far.
4	Upstream is a great location for fresh seafood. I have been to this restaurant during summer restaurant week and they had this amazing salmon on a cedar plank with a peach chutney to talk about for days. I have also enjoyed their fresh sushi. Great place to relax and have a glass of wine out on their patio too. I've never been disappointed.
4	Awesome, but inconsistent at times.  The first time I went to Upstream, it was for a company event and was just an awesome experience.  It started with drinks in the bar, which has a full bar and can whip up some good cocktails.  Drinks lead to dinner - Upstream's appetizers are fantastic.  The calamari was great.  My entree was seared tuna, and I can tell you I have never had a better prepared piece of (cooked) tuna.  Great wine selection too. Now, I have been to Upstream at least 4 other times.  I've had 3 great experiences and 2 so-so experiences.  Rather than rave about the other 2 great experiences, I'll touch on the 2 so-so experiences. Sushi - I was in the mood for sushi, and since Upstream has such great fish, I thought it would be a great place to go.  I was disappointed.  While the fish was good, the rolls and how they were prepared was sloppy and generally, didn't really add anything to the experience.  It's expensive to boot!  If you're in the mood for sushi, you're better off going to other places in Charlotte that just serve sushi. Restaurant week - While restaurant week is fun, I really feel the quality of food in most restaurant goes down.  Upstream was the same.  The meal was unforgettable, as literally, I don't remember what I got - all I remember was thinking about the tuna I had the first time I went....  tuna mmmmmmm.
3	Upstream, you confuse me. My boss took me to Upstream when I flew into Charlotte for the job I'm at right now, so I have a soft spot for this restaurant.  At the time, and several times after that, Upstream was on my top 5 list.  Now, I'm not so sure I want to pay the money for their inconsistencies. Here are my notes. 1. Bento Box is the way to go because the preparations are always different and feature a nice variety of creative, well executed dishes.  It comes in a wooden 4 square box.  Items like a jasmine rice with shitake mushrooms, lemongrass scented jasmine rice, or seared tuna with sesame seeds and an Asian slaw. Cucumber salad.  The only warning: when the bento is on the menu at night for dinner, there is no price.  ASK THE PRICE FIRST! Don't quote me, but I'm pretty sure my bento one night was pushing $30 if not $40. 2. The salads are nicely composed.  During the fall, there's a yummy bibb and pear salad with dried cherries I adored, and this summer there is this mixed greens with toasted pistachios and blueberries and poppy seed dressing. I HIGHLY recommend getting either salad with the fried oysters.  But here is where consistency starts to slip. I've had salad here probably 5 or 6 times.  Half of those times, the fried oysters have been under fried, and the batter is a bit pale and the oysters feel limp and taste a bit batter-like.  Once the salad was DRENCHED with dressing, so I ask for it on the side. 3. The mussels are OK. They're not particularly plump.  (They're like the one's at George's Brasserie, not very memorable.) 4. Sushi.  I think sushi is best had at a Japanese restaurant, or where sushi is the star. That's all.  Not standout, and a bit too rice-y. 5. The dessert is downright terrible. I know dessert/pastry is a whole other animal, but honestly, if you have a nice a restaurant as Upstream, get a pastry chef to match. (*Totally agree with reviewer Stephanie in that they may not even HAVE a pastry chef.) My friends and I had the trio of sorbets/gelato.  They were all icy in consistency and not smooth at all.  The blueberry tart (or I think it was a blueberry tart) featured a HARD crust/shell exterior.  It was bland, and I believe the dough must have been over kneaded.  We brought this to the attention of our server who looked dumbfounded, and answered "Really?".  Yes, really.  I'm willing to bet anyone who tries these desserts wouldn't like them.  As a result, these were taken off our bill. In the end, I do think it's a nicely presented restaurant, with very good service for the most part.  If the food can be prepared the same way every time, and the desserts be brought up to a level that matches the upscale food, I'd be more inclined to bring back another 2 stars.  But unfortunately, instead of suggesting it as a place for my friends and I to have dinner, there are plenty of other restaurants we pick first.
5	I went to Upstream twice last week: once for lunch, and once for the Yelp elite event.  I was really impressed on both occasions, but this review will mostly talk about lunch, because that will likely be more useful to people considering the restaurant.That being said: wow, lunch was amazing.  I ordered the atlantic salmon bento box and was absolutely blown away.  I truly forgot that salmon could be so delicious.  Don't get me wrong: everything else in the box was delicious as well: the vegetables, the Asian slaw, and the cucumber salad were all top-notch (and I don't even usually like cucumbers!).  But that salmon... oh my goodness.  It was cooked and seasoned perfectly; it melted like butter upon my tongue.I'll return to Upstream for sure.  Oh, here's an added bonus: they're relatively pricey for dinner, but their lunch is pretty dang cheap!  My bento box was only $12.  That's pretty cool, huh?
4	Although I am fairly certain that at some point, Upstream offered 1/2 priced bottles of wine throughout the week until 7 p.m., that deal is only offered now on Sundays.  The happy hour bar bites, however, are still offered.  $6 will get you some excellent mussels (somewhat spicy broth), tempura fried green beans (YUM!), and a myriad of other options.  Also half priced sushi rolls, I do believe.  It is confirmed that Upstream DOES have a pastry chef, contrary to some popular belief around here.  We did split a chocolate mousse cake which was a hit, and there were some seasonal additions that sounded intriguing.  Gingerbread cheesecake or something along those lines.  Let me know how it is if you get to it first!
2	Upstream has slipped... both in quality of food and service. Seems to need a 'refresh?' Once the best seafood in Charlotte, now just down right inconsistent and often mediocre. I hope you make it but I think you will need some tweaks to keep things going. Resting on your laurels?
2	Disappointing. Overly salted entree as well as very salty side of roasted mushrooms.
2	Glad we tried this at restaurant week prices.  Didn't realize it was  a "corporate" place until we got our leftovers in  a bag advertising the network of places it was part of.  We had just said the food was decent but soulless, like you'd expect of a corporate restaurant when that bag arrived to our "oh, that explains it."Typical South side snob crap.  High prices and low quality and originality  for people who want to be seen and spend alot and have the palettes of a 6 year old.  For more of the same you can buy $25 olive oil that's really canola at  Dean and Deluca next door.  Like the reviewer here  with one unsalted and one over salted selection, I will add that the duck was under cooked and the salmon over cooked.DISAPPOINTING
4	I must say I love the brunch buffet at Upstream much better than what they offer for  dinner.  I mean I would have to say it's probably the best brunch I've had in the queen city.  I'm not sure if they switch it up weekly but on my visit they had a spread of salads, steamed shrimp and clams, chicken, brisket, salmon, roast, an omelet station, shrimp and grits, pastas, a tapas menu(included in the price) with waffles, scallop risotto, trout tacos, crab cake benedict, french toast, etc., and an array of desserts........well worth the $25 bucks in my opinion.  The service was very impressive and they really catered to my busy 5 year old(major brownie points).  Everything was superb or was I dreaming?  I think that experience may require multiple Sunday visits.......
5	Let me start off this review by saying:  I got the hook-up for my trip to Upstream.  At the time, I was event planning, and one of the Harper's group gals invited some of my coworkers and I out for dinner/drinks one night after work to show off Upstream.  Everything I ate was PHENOMENAL.  The one thing I will remember always, and will definitely order the next time I go back was this amazing tuna appetizer.  It had a few different kinds in it from seared ahi, to some tuna rolls, but the most impressive part was the presentation.  I wish I knew about Yelp back then, because I would have taken a picture.  There were some tuna things around the sides of the dish, but in the middle was an upside down glass, with just straight up sushi tuna filling the bottom part of the glass.  Spicy tuna rolls on top of the glass.  It was magnificent.  I'm not shy when it comes to eating raw things, and this was HEAVENLY.  Fresh, bright, delicious, and presented in such a cool way.  It's really the only thing I remember, but it stuck out enough for me to want to write a review about it.  I will definitely be back... someday!
2	Pretty sub-par brunch and this place is definitely not headed in the right direction.  Came here for Sunday brunch with a coupla buddies.  Was disappointed at the brunch foods available and the service.Food - nothing really stands out, which I guess I should expect considering it is a brunch buffet.  That being said, the bar should not be set so low for any restaurant, and they should not be aiming for the status quo.  .  What's up with the tapa-style fish taco? Didn't know you could put canned tuna in a shell and call it a day.  Or what about their grits?  It was more like dried-out mashed potato looking at the viscosity of it.  Would really like them to step up their food quality, even if it is buffet-style.  Been to plenty of really great brunch buffet places, like the Castaways brunch in Burbank, CA.  Service - Hostess was really awkward when we walked in and didn't immediately greet us or ask what we needed--maybe she was new.  The wait was beyond 30 minutes which is understandable.  The other hostess, who was bubblier, asked for our number bc we were going to wander around Phillips Place and told us that she would call when we could be seated.  We returned a little early and just sat outside waiting for a phone call.  She popped her head outside, "Oh, didn't know you guys were going to just be waiting outside, you can come inside and I'll seat you."  The problem was that she was more surprised that we were there.  She should have DEFINITELY called us like she said she would.  To catch us on happenstance outside makes me think that we were not a priority, or that she was not going to call us.  Gotta follow up immediately when you extend extra service like that.Dishes weren't cleared at a fast enough rate.  Seriously though, it's not like brunch is a new concept at Upstream.  I'm sure the service staff can identify plates that need to be cleared because guests are reloading.  Chaos as some plates were taken while others were left--looking at the plate clear selection, no rhyme or reason it seems.  Empty plates left, while some with left over food taken, etc.  Gave this place a second shot, but unimpressed.dmo out
5	Came here for lunch on Saturday.  This is a review of the Grilled Angus Burger only.  Hot d*mn, you must order this delicious piece of meat.  "A burger at an upscale seafood restaurant?" you might ask? So did I.  I felt like I had just found the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow.  It comes with smoked gouda, fried egg (cooked perfectly), and with the crunchiest, most delicious fries I have ever eaten.   Get it, get it, get it!
4	Seems like a restaurant that caters to corporate dinners.  Unsurprisingly, I've only been there for business related dinners.  Wait staff was friendly.  Everything I ate was good but the Sea Bass entree was especially good and the tuna appetizer stands out.
4	WOW!  I had heard the brunch here was the best in Charlotte but was pretty doubtful.  We went this past Sunday and it was literally the best brunch ever - not just in Charlotte!!  The restaurant is pretty fancy so wear something nice.  For Sunday's brunch they have a tapas menu with great fresh options IN ADDITION TO the biggest brunch buffet you have ever seen.  The tapas we had were scallop risotto (oh - so THIS is what it is supposed to taste like!!!), Belgian waffles, and the crab-cake.  All of these are complimentary with the buffet so get them all!  All of it was so good - but then you have to go to the buffet.  I was so overwhelmed!!!  Buffet:  Pastries galore, fresh fruit, cheese, grilled chilled veggies, salmon wraps, red skin potato salad with bacon dressing, deli meats, omelet bar, shrimp and grits, baked salmon, roast beef, baked ziti, broccoli and cheese, fried chicken, ribs, sushi, shrimp, clams, oysters, mousse, tarts, bread pudding i - that is all i can remember.  They had to roll us out of there.  Yes it costs $25 bucks but it is WORTH EVERY PENNY.  The food was so fresh and delicious!!!  Mimosas and other cocktails (must wait till noon!) were $5 and the perfect complement.Can't wait to go back!  It is fantastic!
4	Went there last Sunday night for a special occasion. It wasn't very busy and we were seated right away. The waitress was excellent and knew the menu very well.  The manager also stopped by a couple times to check on us.  I had the noodle bowl with scallops, shrimp, etc. it was very good.  My wife and daughter shared the rib eye which was big enough for 2.  That was good too. Other members of the group had fish and everyone enjoyed their meals. Don't have anything negative to say about the place. For me it is a special occasion place but it is not as expensive as a high end steak house   It was my second time there and I will return.
4	Upstream is one of the most well-known restaurants in Charlotte. Pretty much a legend in the culinary scene for locals and those visiting on super special business. I'd say this joint lives up to all infamy and certainly delivers on multiple fronts. I love the bar. Big, open, navigable, plenty of bar seating and hightops. I'm a fan of their beer selection. It tends to be lined with craft brews. Some local and others more niche. I appreciate the diversity. They have a killer wine selection. Though I am not a wine drinker, it is pretty extensive. The lunch menu is easy. Friendly for those craving sushi, burgers, noodle bowls and every other light lunchy option you could want. I'm a big fan of the seared tuna burger. The rare slices of tuna are divine. The bun is buttered and toasted on the flat top. Hellooooooo, lunch. So good. Bento boxes are an easy choice, too. They typically have a few different ones to choose from. Brunch, only on Sundays, is amazing. Wow. This is a force to be reckoned with. We made it in this past weekend for another spectacular experience. Quite the spread of tapas, prime rib, sushi, mac n' cheese, $5 mimosas (only after 12pm on Sundays), omelets, and enough desserts to make your teeth vibrate. We've gone several times and love the service, food, time to chat with friends and the overall vibe and atmosphere. All good things. Upstream does a fantastic job all around. Great staff, Chefs are incredibly talented and that Brunch.....goodness. Always fun to visit! Cheers!
4	Delicious and unique seafood offerings, I had not been back in a number of years (for no particular reason), but I was quite pleased and will return again sooner!
5	Great place to dine. I have been here 4 times already!  I have been here for dinner and just to unwind. The seafood dishes are fresh and good. The dessert is hit!  I am not a big fan of chocolate, but their pastry chef makes this yummy chocolate dessert called Costa Rica Chocolate & Coffee Mousse Cake. I admit, this place is within walking distance - so I always love to swing by at the bar area and have a nice cup of their fresh earl grey tea & dessert. Great place to have your own R&R
5	We had had a disappointing meal several weeks ago, but they invited us back to give them another try. I ordered the same dishes (steamed mussels, sea bass, and salmon roe sushi) and all were perfectly prepared this time. The Maitre d' and general manager were both very attentive. Jennifer, our server, was excellent. They have redeemed themselves and we will definitely be backed!
4	Upstream is a really nice place to dine. When my wife and I moved to Charlotte last year this is one of the first restaurants that we found that satisfied our seafood craving. A year later and this is by far the BEST seafood that we've found. We've been here 4 or 5 times in the past year. The seafood, sushi and steak (and the mussels) were all great. But we really really love the Costa Rican Chocolate dessert. It's excellent. The waitstaff is terrific. Very informative, attentive and friendly. It's a nice place for a date. It also has a really nice outdoor seating area to hang out and have a few drinks, appetizers or desserts. The only thing that I probably wish would change is the bar. It's quite spacious and seems to have a nice selection of beer and wine. I just didn't really enjoy the atmosphere of it. It seemed to be more appealing to an older crowd. But ironically they're in the middle of renovating the bar area quite a bit, so I might have to update this review again in a few months. I would definitely recommend Upstream for a nice meal, just don't forget the dessert!
5	Oh upstream how I love thee. Why am I writing yet another update with the same rating as the ones before you ask? So I can tell you about the brunch of course. This brunch is a monster of a buffet and tapas menu combined all for the low price of $25! Hold on you might be balking at the hefty sticker tag on this brunch but let me tell you about all the stuff you can well...stuff yourself with and you'll be singing praises too after you try this joint out.This being one of my last weekends in Charlotte the boyfriend and I went with a yelpy crew consisting of Travis W., Melissa B., Chad E., And Denise. First off you walk in get greeted and led to your table and handed a nice tapas menu. They could've charged $7-10 for most of the items on this tapas menu and made a killing but nope they're giving it to you as part of the buffet, score! I tried the scallop risotto, crab benedict, belgian waffle, and some other things all excellent! But wait it doesn't stop there you walk into the bar area and BAM! you're hit with a massive buffet of brunch items. You want some smoked salmon and mushrooms folded into your freshly made omelet? No problem. Add some excellently carved prime rib onto that you got some good eats. I was so full before I even got halfway through working on this buffet.This place has met my expectations for lunch, dinner, and now brunch. Hopefully I am back in Charlotte soon to give it another whirl. Though dinner is a bit expensive and they do need to tell you the prices of the specials lest you order a $45 bento box like I did, the staff is incredibly accomodating and attentive to your needs. Hell they even remembered my name and how I like my tea for lunch after the second time I was there! Give it a try, you can thank me later.
4	I've been to Upstream many times.  I've had some excellent meals there, with some perfectly prepared seafoods.  I love their mussel appetizer  which is served in a cast iron pot and is enough to share 2 or even 4 ways as appetizers, but is also plenty for a main course if you like.   Service can be mediocre and slow at times, as it was at a recent lunch there.  That won't stop me from returning, but it would be nice if the service was equal to the food.
3	Went here for brunch on a Sunday morning.  The brunch is a buffet, so bring your appetite.  There are different stations for custom eggs/omelets, meats, soup, desserts, seafood, cheese, fruits, etc.  Unfortunately the buffet area is in a small area, so it gets pretty cramped when you are getting your food. Waiting in line for food is something that makes me quite uncomfortable and medieval.The tapas menu is probably the best thing about the brunch, as they will bring you small dishes of breakfast and seafood options.In terms of quality, the prepared food, like the tapas and omelet station are quite good.  Aside from that, the mass prepared food is pretty average. The breads and dessert are below average, since they are both dry and flavorless. I think I would have been satisfied if the whole meal for two was less than $30, but sadly it was about double the price.For the value, I do not think I would return for the brunch.
5	Their Sunday brunch is awesome. Never leave unsatisfied or hungry. They had the freshest oysters today - along with elegant other dishes that begged going back for more. We never are disappointed here.
5	5-STAR Brunch!! We've taken all our out of town guests here, and they've loved it. Worth the $30pp.Came here for happy hour bar bites, which was okay. Never been here for dinner.
2	Upstream has gone downhill, fast. While the bar ambience and feel is still awesome, the sushi in particular was extremely lacking. Spicy Tuna rolls were not fresh and smelled like fish. California rolls lacked flavor and were quite bland. Service was also not particularly good and there was a very creepy manager who put us off. It is a shame because Upstream has been a staple of the South Park area for years, but their sushi quality is completely lacking these days. I cannot comment on the main courses as we did not have any.
4	Been going here for years - there was a couple of years when I thought it was going downhill, but not anymore!  They just renovated the bar area - I actually liked it before and I like the renovation - it's ...softer I guess - squishy couches vs. all of the hardwood - not sure which I prefer.  Anyways, we always sit at the bar vs. the dining room area, which feels a little too formal for my liking.  The bartenders are super friendly and have good suggestions and the food here is always spectacular, in my mind.  Their sweet and sour calamari is my favorite; the raw tuna tacos were very good, but it's a small portion if you're sharing - only 3 little ones; the Queen City roll was good but has too much rice for me.  Highly recommend the tuna tuna tuna.  The Saki marinated sea bass is expensive but well worth the price.  I could bathe in the broth it comes with.  The brunch is the best I've been too - even our kids love it.     We've started getting takeout here and I was really surprised at how good it was, given takeout usually is half as good as it is in the restaurant.  Big fan!
3	Upstream is just ok. Maybe I got the wrong thing. I ordered sushi, which had absolutely no flavor at all. I can't remember the name of it but it had shrimp, cucumbers and something else. I'm no sushi expert, but something was lacking. I enjoyed the open kitchen and our waitress was very nice. Other menu items looked good. Brunch may be my next choice for a visit to Upstream.
5	I enjoyed a three course Valentine's Weekend dinner with my boyfriend and I loved it! Lobster bisque, salmon and dessert were all wonderful. The service is lovely. When someone walks by and simply straightens a fork on your table for you-that tells me that someone is paying attention to me. I would love to go here again.
5	We went for the Sunday brunch.  So good it was worth getting fat for.  Everything was super fresh,  our Waiter was totally on the ball and the perfect mesh of attentive without being intrusive, plus he totally didn't judge me for my third order of french toast.  *I* judged me, but it was too good to care "Look away, I am going to lick my plate now..."I don't think there was a single thing I didn't love and the fresh omelette was sooo good.  The veggies were all perfectly cooked and super fresh.  My friends and I have agreed, this is now a weekly tradition that we intend to diet the rest of the week for.Side note: The food was so good even my picky four year old sat quietly and ate.
4	I hadn't tried Upstream.. It always ends up lower than some other place on the Charlotte Restaurant Week list... lol  Luckily, a Yelp Drinks event finally got us in the door...Their pineapple martini was the favorite for the evening, but the Upstream and the Tsunami martinis were just as delightful...  The wontons with pork belly were crispy on the outside with just enough tasty sauce and meat on the inside... The calamari had a nice, spicy kick... The spring rolls were flaky and adequately stuffed... The crabcakes were straight up crispy yumminess... I could have eaten a whole plate of them...  I know nothing of sushi (it's on my list of things to do this year) and the sushi chef at their bar took time to explain the different ingredients to me...  He didn't even make me feel like a dork because I was completely clueless... Sweet guy... I am definitely swimming Upstream in the future... lol
4	I went to Upstream on a Friday evening immediately after work (5:30'ish). The decor is excellent and romantic. I decided to sit at the bar and I have to say that the wait staff was so very pleasant and attentive. After my guest arrived we were given the open to sit at a table. The staff was very familiar with the wine selection and menu. I had the all natural chicken breast which was by far the best chicken breast I have ever had. The only small setback was that I'm a 30 years old energetic, fun loving female, and most of the patronages were 50+ and a bit snooty ( I say this do to the way some were addressing the wait staff...). Perhaps the time of day that I went played a role in the type of crowd I was amongst. However, I would go again, since the food was excellent.
4	After the Yelp event here where I heard about how fabulous the Sunday brunch is at Upstream, I brought Mrs. K to give it a try.Great service from the staff, starting from the hostess who brough us to a semi-private booth to the waitress explaining the buffet and cooked-to-order process and even the busboy who refilled our water glasses. I thought it was interesting that the waitstaff was all dressed like chefs - I don't know if that's intentional or not, but I liked it.As for the food, well, it was excellent! The usual buffet staples like a cooked-to-order omelet station and a slicing station. But also a huge raw bar with large prawns, oysters, clams and mussels. On another table, salads and savories and sweet treats. Bacon and grits and smoked salmon and fresh sushi more!But where the brunch stands out is the tapas menu. From your waiter/waitress, you order delicious plates that are a perfect little bite. Egg benedict - one poached egg on a crab cake. Smoked fish tacos - a 2 inch corn tortilla filled with smoked fish with guacamole and salsa on the side. Belgian waffles. French toast. Oh, I am stuffed!Parking in Philips Place isn't easy but Upstream sometimes offers complimentary valet parking. It's well worth the tip to save the headache of finding a spot in the parking deck.
4	Phew, where to start with this place!!!!!!????  This review is from a 1 time dinner experience on a Saturday. The ambience is excellent.  Comfortable seating, spacious, and beautifully decorated.  Fun crowd that is business casual. Our service was excellent.  Really personable, made some solid recommendations and just really pleasant.  The food was INCREDIBLE.  Let me spare your time and tell you that if you a very fresh tasting seafood dish whether it be sushi or oysters...go here.  Presentation is great, portion size is nice, flavors outstanding.  Overall, one of my best meals ever.
5	Food, good. Bar area, so comforting and chill.Place - I would never have thought it was so cozy, and upscale -- from the outside. I should have known better. I adore the look before the renovations. I have to come back and see what they have done to the new bar.  I just love the atmosphere here.Food - their selection of food are fresh and delicious.  My husband and I came here for his birthday. He ordered the steak and he loved it. I ordered the mussels which were great and crab cakes that was outstanding. The one thing that got us to come back, was the Costa Rican chocolate that was amazingly decadent. We were told that they have an in house French pastry background chef that makes this. Superb!  So, we would come back here, this time, to the bar to enjoy the chocolate dessert and some fresh earl grey tea (no tea bags found here!).  We came back here again with different friends, had the sushi, which is good. Service - we forgot our waiter's name, it's been so long.. But he was awesome and took care of us! The service by the bar was great also. Service outside the venue, out on the patio like area was good. My friends and I spent a good amount of time, eating sushi, and enjoying our desserts. Wine selection was great!Just wished for a little more lighting outside. Just a bit more, underneath the umbrellas.
4	We first took my grandmother to Upstream a few years ago to get her to try a new restaurant.  We all really enjoyed it and she now takes lots of her visitors here.On our most recent visit, this last weekend, we were seated at a booth near the entry.  Despite its proximity to the hostess stand, the booth was very private and not loud at all.  Our waiter was helpful with suggestions from the menu.I got the house mixed greens salad (not sure what it was called) which I enjoyed minus the beets.  The salmon entree was delicious although if I had read the menu more closely, I would have known that this comes with a little panzanella salad on the plate.  It was all still delicious.  The sauce that came with the salmon was amazing.I must have been having a bad weekend for picking what to order though, because my mom got the tuna entree which I immediately wish I had gotten.  The sushi rice cake underneath the tuna with the sauce all worked so well together and I wanted to switch plates with her.  Now I know what to order next time :)The prices are a little high here.  They had an incredible number of employees and I felt like I was dodging them on the way to the restroom.  The service wasn't lacking, so I guess this strategy is working for them.
5	This place by far has the best and freshest seafood in town. I love their Sunday Brunch, so much to choose from!  The manager Ken is extremely nice and makes you feel like a vip. I saw him handle a difficult customer with grace and ease.  They have great patio seating on warmer days with great cocktails and appetizers.  They recently remodeled the bar area and it looks beautiful.  They even offer cooking classes! One of my favorites in Charlotte by far.
5	Wow.  All I have to say is order the sea bass.  Period.
4	This is a great restaurant for any occasion.  I went with my family, a party of 5, on the 4th of July.  I heard great things about this place from my brother and it met every expectation.Here is what we ordered:-Appetizer for 5 that including jumbo crab cakes, calamari, and mussels.  The calamari is the best calamari I've ever had.  It's not your traditional deep fried style but a light tempura batter that tastes like sweet and sour shrimp.  Our entire table wish we ordered more of it! -Our meal choices were the steak, bass, royal platter, bento box, and the big tuna:          -The sushi bento box is by far the best deal.  Big portion for the cheapest price.          -The Seabass is by far the best tasting.  I believe it is their signature dish?  Melts in your mouth with miso broth.          -The Royal Platter is by far the most impressive display.  Has tons of seafood including shrimp, mussels, lobster.  The shrimp are massive and tasty.  Mussels are a little on the smaller end.  The lobster is the best lobster I've had (and I live in Seattle).-They also have a great selection of local and import beer.  I was a little upset that they didn't have Hoegardeen but I decided to get to Nodoijto Beer (I think that's how it is spelled).  It's a very interesting beer with a mojito taste to it.  I also got a shot of limoncello in it which made it way too sweet.  You're going to spend money but its worth it.  Not one of those places that charges a bunch and gives you 1 shrimp.  Not the place to go if you're looking for bang for buck but perfect for a nice dinner with family/significant other.  Can't wait to go back!
4	Huge fan! Lots of room to sit, comfortable environment and the food is incredible. When I went last night, we sat at the bar for a little while and ordered sliders, muscles and sushi-- Being a pescatarian, I ate and loved the muscles and sushi. I've also been with my family another time where we have gotten shrimp and fried oysters as an appetizer and those were delicious as well. For dinner I enjoyed the salmon- it was grilled perfectly and everyone around the table enjoyed their meals as well. This is a definte thumbs up place and perfect for date night, birthdays, family dinners or when you just want a nice but comfortable place to have dinner!
1	Gave the restaurant a second shot - equally disappointed.  Bar service was slow, 45 minutes to get an appetizer from an inattentive waitress.  Once at our table, we watched our salads walk around the restaurant twice before the server found our table.  Waiter served the entrees and walked away, never checked to see how our meal was.  While tasty, the portions are small.Unfortunately, the best part of this restaurant is the valet service.  Don't frustrate yourself, dine elsewhere with friends.
5	My boyfriend was a gem and treated me to a surprise date night during Restaurant Week. Unfortunately, he didn't try to make a reservation until we were on the way to Upstream... Opps. (I still think he gets an A for effort, no?) We were pleasantly surprised that we could walk in and eat in their cozy bar area, which to me, was just as good as sitting in the dining area. What a great option!Our server was courteous, professional, and prompt. She truly knew her stuff and was very patient when it came to questions about the wine and strong pairings. We shared a nice bottle of wine; he enjoyed clams as an appetizer and I the Lobster Bisque. For our entrees, I had the Scallop Pad Thai and he the Tuna. All we cooked to perfection with really strong infusions and personality. It's very apparent that the Executive Chef really has a talent and is extremely accomplished and takes the considerations of his food and creations quite seriously. The presentation was spot on and it was extremely apparent that the food was made with very fresh ingredients. Ever have a meal where you just feel heavy? Though I did a number on my entree, I left feeling content and truly satisfied.What sold me on why I will always be a fan and look forward to return visits is how their management team responded to an 'incident'. During our appetizer, my boyfriend chipped his tooth while eating clams, as a clam was not shucked just right. The server and manager offered their deep, true apologies and then offered to take care of any dental fixes. I was really impressed by they're concern and jumping right into to offer a fix. Bravo!
5	We read the reviews and selected Upstream for lunch because my very English Mum loves really good fish, and she knows her fish!  We drove here from Greenville, SC where there is excellent food but Upstream has some of the best fish we've ever had. My husband had the noodle bowl with cod. It came beautifully served with Asian vegetables, soba noodles, and a perfectly cooked LARGE piece of cod...absolutely delicious. I had trade a bite of my lunch to get a bite of his and it was great, he teasingly "swooned" over his meal. I had the Chinese chicken salad which was large, full of lovely slices of moist, real chicken, not anything canned. Loads of fresh greens, baby asparagus, carrots, and crumbly noodles served in a light soy dressing.  Absolutely divine!  Now my Mum selected the fresh trout which came with her favorite, real mashed potatoes, and served with green beans. She lingered over her lunch, savored every bite, and scraped the plate clean. She said the trout "was perfect" and she was so full she skipped dessert. But not me!! My hubby and I shared a mixed berry cobbler served with vanilla bean ice-cream. Good thing I love him else I would not have shared that dessert!  Served warm, loads of blueberries and blackberries, crumbly topping...YUM!  Service was flawless yet never intrusive. This is a beautiful restaurant and deserves 5 stars. We will DEFINITELY be back!
5	The food as fresh as it can get.  The black bass was caught that morning!   The chef prepares the most beautiful presentation and uses the most unique spices to make for a great experience.  The  decor didn't quite make sense to me and they could use someone to put together a cohesive theme for the place.  Reguardless, I will be back.
4	Great brunch! I'm looking forward to going back for dinner at some point in the near future. We made a reservation for 11:45am because I'd read that the wait can be long. When we arrived, there were plenty of open tables and no one waiting. We were seated right away...and then waited for at least 5 minutes with servers constantly walking by before anyone stopped to take our drink order. Then, after the first server came by and explained the concept, four or five servers came over and tried to do the same. This was really the only misstep for us. We ordered several items off the brunch tapas menu - egg benedict, steak & egg, waffle, pecan crusted trout, and the french toast. They were all good. Then we made our way to the buffet area. The highlights for me where the shrimp and grits, macaroni & cheese, cod, sushi, fruit/cheese, and mussels & clams. Not as great were the peel & eat shrimp (which were slightly hard, but that may have been from sitting on ice for awhile.) I wasn't wild about the cocktail sauce, which had a definite orange taste to it. Also, the salmon from the carving station was just okay.I'm a Bloody Mary enthusiast and Upstream's was not my favorite. It was by no means undrinkable, but the mix lacked the seasoning and toppings/snacks that make a great Bloody Mary.The dessert bar offered a great variety of dessert bites - my favorites were the marshmallow/smore on a stick, lemon square, and the pecan tart.All in all we'll go again, skip the Bloody Mary and focus just on the highlights. I'm also excited to try their dinner and Happy Hour Bar Bites menu.
5	My first time eating here and my first time eating out since having to switch to a dairy and gluten free diet. Our waiter (I think his name was Matt) was extremely sweet and helpful in fact we actually got to the restaurant before they opened and they still sat us! The chefs were accommodating to my diet and happy to do so. I will be back and recommend it to everyone! I had the rock shrimp pad Thai and it was fantastic and a giant portion. My mother had the shrimp burger special and said it was perfect. Bravo what a great place with perfectly polite service!
5	I think this is the best restaurant in Charlotte.Think of it as a seafood restaurant and raw bar plus imaginative sushi.You can either sit at formal tables or at high tops in the bar area.I've done both but this time we were in the formal dining room.Their signature dish is sake marinated Chilean sea bass and as always it didn't disappoint.I had a steamed lobster, very nice we also had sushi bento box, salmon sashimi and calamari.Well enough about the food, the service was great, informative, friendly and efficient.If you are in Charlotte have a fair bit of credit on your credit card I recommend trying this fine restaurant.
1	More like Downstream. In town from CA and wanted to try something new. Bad decision. Bad service. Food was bland & ill prepared. What a disappointment.
3	Ok,  I went during off hours.  Like 2:30 pm on a Monday,  what can I say I'm a tourist passing though,  flight to catch,  need a nice lunch,  a really nice lunch.  The place is beautiful,  good music,  not too many people there it's off hours.  I ordered beet salad,  the beets are a little bit icy,  almost like ice cubes and then Lobster and steak fried rice,  the rice was undercooked. I told the waiter,  he was super nice and offered that I tried something else and that he'd be happy to bring it.  I didn't.  I wanted fried rice.  I'll come back here for dinner for sure. I don't think it's fair to judge them by this one experience.    Perhaps they should pay attention to their off hours when peoplelike  myself might be strolling through.   Service was excellent though.
2	I came here a few days ago on a weeknight with 7 other people. We started out with the appetizer tower which came with crab cakes, calamari and mussels. The crab cakes and calamari were great but the mussels didn't seem to be cooked enough. We also tried some sushi, which was quite good.Once our dinner came, everything went downhill. Our waiter disappeared for a good 20 minutes, no one came around to switch out our appetizer silverware for dinner ware, we ordered a second bottle of wine which arrived promptly but they did not change our wine glasses until we asked and had to pour the wine ourselves.I ordered the Chilean sea bass and was not at all impressed. It seemed too overcooked and doused in the sauce it came with. Halfway through my meal, I had had enough and didn't even want to smell the fish anymore because it was making me sick to my stomach.Overall, wasn't impressed by the food and our server (James T.) didn't seem to care about us since he was guaranteed a tip anyway. For a place that seems so classy, the experience surely was not. Didn't feel respected as a customer.
5	Just had...maybe the best brunch I've ever had: and believe me, I take brunch very seriously.  My husband and I were both pleasantly surprised with the bill considering the excellent quality of the food, the variety offered, and the service we received.  We will definitely be back!
5	I've been trying to snag a good table at Upstream on RW for the past year! Finally, I nabbed one! There was six in our party and we had a 7:30 reservation. This was the first night we had left our newborn daughter at home with a sitter and the whole ride there I was thinking "I hope this is worth it!".... Oh my gosh! It was!!!! I ordered a pineapple mojito and promptly finished it due to the fact that it was absolutely delectable!!! (And had another, of course) the RW was wonderful and extremely varied. I ordered the crab cakes and WOW! Fantastic party of flavor on my palate! Oh! SO! Good! Next was the ahi tuna on this rice cake thing--- um.... Holy smokes! Amazing!!!!! The ponzu sauce just completed it!!!!! Bryan had the flounder which was prepared perfectly over incredible risotto...... Yummy choice as well! Dessert was ok although I should have ordered a third mojito. :) truly, this restaurant is definitely a place to enjoy apps and entrees. Go grab dessert at Pinkberry's afterwards.
4	Must try the sea bass. This place is on the pricey side, but you will get a great meal. It is incredible.
4	Yep! This place gets my approval as another solid Sunday afternoon brunch spot! I came Sunday afternoon with about 10 girlfriends. Even with our large party, our waiters and waitresses were great. They kept clean silverware coming, tapas plates by the tower (basically we ordered everything on the menu and they brought them out three plate with different options at a time) and our water, tea and mimosa were always full! The brunch selection was phenomenal!  Here are a few of the highlights for me:-Made to Order Omelets-Salmon-Steak and Eggs-Fish tacos-Waffles-Shrimp and Grits (sooooo good)-Fried chicken-Ribs-Bacon and Sausage-Mac and Cheese-French ToastAs if that weren't enough you also get your choice of salads, sushi, fruits and if there's any room left they even have desserts! Seriously, there's no way you'll leave here hungry. I'm already looking forward to my next visit!
4	The sea bass dish is the best! Pricey as heck but delicious! Service is always good as well. I was proposed to here, but that's not why it gets a 4, Upstream truly offers up some good stuff! Always fresh oysters and a very good menu. I don't like getting seated in the overflow room which happened on our last visit here but the bar area and main room are always pleasant to be in. Brunch is also really good!
4	We had the signature sea bass dish which was amazing! The service was lacking but we would be willing to give this place another try!
5	Upstream is my favorite Charlotte restaurant.  One of the few places around town to get fresh seafood, and their tenderloin is divine.
4	Dinner Apr 17  Stumbled upon this place and glad I did.  Very nice and classy restaurant.  Super competent and professional wait staff.  Had the Calamari and it was unique.  We asked for some additional wasabi dressing to spice it up a bit.  It was very tasty and not huge in size.  Kale salad was very pleasing to the taste buds as well.  Loved the bread, the dipping oil was very tasty and I also asked for some butter and that added even more flavor to the bread.  The Flounder with Risotto was perfectly prepared and just the right amount of food to risotto ratio.  The sauce over the entree was a great accompaniment to the fish and risotto.  Did you know how serious Upstream is about their food?  They bring their fish and seafood in fresh daily!    I will definitely be back!
4	First time here. Went to see Captain America (AWESOME!) and needed a place to eat before the show. Read a lot of good reviews so I figure I'd check it out.Was by meself and welcomed by George the bartender. I did sit at the bar. George was great. Very personable and welcoming. I ordered the daily special: Halibut over a veggie succotash. Outstanding! Perfectly cooked fish and the veggies were flavorful. I chose a Chablis (yes the REAL Chablis from French Burgundy) and it paired wonderfully with the Halibut.I didn't have time to try an app or desert. But the Entree was excellent! I will definitely be back!
5	One of the best seafood restaurants I've ever been to! We ordered oysters, which were great, scallops the best and the monk fish was good too. Creme brule was a little too sweet but still tasted good.  Our waiter, George, was amazing, and he was also great with our kids (2.5 & 4.5 yrs old)! I would highly recommend this place to friends and family! Great place!!
4	This is a review for my last night Restaurant Week dinner. And I am torn about how many stars I should give. Here is the thing, the service wasn't great, but as crazy as it sounds, it was the best bad service I ever had.RSVP for 2 at 7:45pm, my friend and I arrived on time (gasp!). Hostess said there's a booth for us, but then she changed her observation (to no booth). We offered to wait in the bar area if that's easier, but she pretty much told us they've been behind on schedule and best for us to not miss a table when one is available. We stood around for a few minutes awkwardly (my friend was desperately needing a drink apparently), and finally we got sat in the 1st side room on the left, at a 4-top (with only 2 chairs) toward the back, next to a party of 10.Water person (what's the PC term for water boy?) came and filled our glasses. And that was as much action as we received for 10+ minutes. It's starting to bring back the memory of my Fahrenheit nightmare. Ironically I'm with the same friend! I think he and I and fine dining just don't belong together. Meanwhile the 2 waiters assigned to tables around us just came and gone and never even batted an eye at us. I finally waved down the water person and softly asked him "who's our waiter?" My simple question led to an array of apologies. Manager showed up and offered us drinks and brought us menu. We got assigned a waiter, we placed an order of the chef's choice half dozen oysters and the night slowly proceeded. By slowly, I meant we didn't finally leave the restaurant until 10 to 10pm. Thank goodness the 2 of us have known each other for years, and had plenty to chat about. It would have killed any potential if it was a 1st date situation. Imagine the silence...Food wise the RW menu was solid. There are plenty of options (and not just salad). Essentially the entire menu was up for grab, some involves up-charge. I personally was perfectly fine with my seafood soup (it's not very curry, don't let the name scares you), my 1-lb lobster (split in half, and amazingly they left all the brainy gooey goodness for me to tear into, though some may argue the meat itself was a little overcooked) and creme brulee. It definitely worths the $30. My friend had the NC shrimp salad (huge portion, not sure if I liked the dressing, but it's whole shrimps on greens), seared tuna over rice cake (definitely digging the rice cake), and flourless chocolate tart and ice cream. Tuna has a small up-charge (I'm thinking $6).At the end, they pretty much comp everything but our dinner. 2 managers have repeatedly apologized for the service. I couldn't even be mad at anyone. I guess if I'm to have bad service, it's best when they owe up to it and try hard to make up for it without me even having to ask. We didn't expect them to comp ALL the drinks (I only had 2 glasses of wine, but my friend went all out on his double vodka tonic). We made it up on tip because it's not our server's fault.So at the end, it was a good night and a great dinner. I decided that 4-star is deserving given the circumstance. Food - 4Value - 5 (for Restaurant Week)Service - 2Afford - 5 (lol)
5	This is my first yelp review, but I wanted to express what a wonderful experience I had here. I visited Upstream for the first time today for their Sunday brunch buffet. I was impressed by how nice the restaurant looked on the inside and how clean and neat it was kept. The staff was friendly and professional. We had a large group that kept growing, and the staff graciously accommodated. Our server, Jeremy, was wonderful; very friendly and efficient. But most importantly,  was the EXCEPTIONAL food. The quality, choices, and presentation were above expectations. You truly get a steal for the price. Fresh sushi, oysters, salmon and lox, belgian waffles, french toast, omeletes, fritatas, crab cake benedict. The list goes on. It is the best brunch I have ever had. Everyone in my party will be repeat guests. Thank you,  Upstream!!
5	One of the best brunch buffets in Charlotte. Not only do you get a plethora if shrimp & grits, oysters, salmon etc you also get your choice of tapas which includes crap cakes, waffles and French toast. You will be amazed at how delicious everything is. The chef is amazing. Plus, to top it all off our waiter Micheal was so attentive and knowledgable. You can't beat $24.99 for food this good. We also enjoyed the $5 Mimosa's. Perfect experience.
4	Came here for restaurant week, and had a pretty good time. It didn't blow me away for what I got and imagining what I'd normally pay, but it wasn't bad by any measure.First, the restaurant is rather large. This means there are servers and such fluttering about all the time, and you feel like you are running some sort of gauntlet just to go to the restroom.I started with the black kale salad. It was excellent, and arguably the best part of the meal.My next course was the wood oven roasted Maine lobster. It was cut down the middle for me, and the claws were also cracked for me. Being a land lubber from the land of 10,000 (freshwater) lakes, I don't have a ton of experience eating lobstah. Fortunately, I had a New Englander with me to show me the way. I understood that tail and claw meat was good, but I was unsure of what to eat in the middle. She told me that a real New Englander would eat the green stuff, which are eggs apparently. I tried them, but got a little too squeamish. I would have preferred to crack my own claws or at least get the claw-cracking utensil, as one of my claws couldn't be opened the rest of the way with my hands, but whatever. The lobster was okay. Now I know why they used to feed these giant bugs to prisoners.Ended with the mixed berry crumble which was okay. Did not blow me out of the water.Do you want to drop some cash and eat seafood? Do it here, I guess.
5	I live right by here and go a lot. Staff is super friendly, food always excellent & great selection.  I usually just sit at the bar and order tea and dinner. It's more casual than the dinning area and I go alone often.  It is expensive, but you know that going in and it's ALWAYS worth it. The freshest and best quality seafood in town. I'd rather pay more for excellent than a little less for mediocre. They have oyster specials for $1 through the week during certain times and from 5-7pm a bar bites menu where many rolls and food is 1/2 off. Great time for dinner. Highly recommend.
4	It had been a while for me and Upstream hanging out together. We had broken up over brunch one Sunday, but I was ready to give them another chance for dinner.I was here for a business dinner and all in all it was a pleasant experience for everyone. The menu is seafood heavy and we wound up ordering calamari and mussels to share. The tomato sauce for the mussels was some of the best that I have had in a long time. The calamari was good too, but nothing to get too excited about as it  was pretty standard calamari.For entrees, we all chose a different fish option from tuna, bass, halibut and black grouper. I had the grouper and it was a great dish. The menu describes it as "Tim Griner's Line caught NC Black Grouper" and the fish was definitely fresh and cooked to perfection. It was accompanied with local field peas, sweet corn, wood oven roasted tomatoes, bacon and a ramp vinaigrette. I would definitely order this plate again, unless one of the other fish or specials was calling my name. Service was good and certainly better than I have had in the past here. They were busy on the weeknight that we stopped by so there were a lot of servers running around.So I guess that my relationship with Upstream is back on again, but I think that we can both agree that it's ok for us to see other people as well.
3	It was ok. Parts were good. The sea bass was ok the crab cakes were very good.   I still prefer the bone fish grill. They had great service.
4	So, I've always longed to go to Upstream, but it's definitely out of my price range. Much to my excitement, I won a gift card in a charity fundraiser at work that allowed me to pay them a visit and taste what I might be missing.My boyfriend and I went on a Sunday evening at 5:30. We figured we'd miss the crowds that way, and sure enough, it was much emptier than I expected after reading all the reviews. We were promptly seated - the decor was very classy, but not in an overdone way.Our waiter was very friendly and attentive. He made some very detailed recommendations of food and wine that were accurate, and his subtle jokes and jabs made us feel like we were chatting with a good friend.We started off with the chef's choice of oysters - 6 of them. They were delicious but also very small, and I wasn't feeling like we got our money's worth at all. Maybe it was because they were East Coast? Regardless, I wouldn't buy them at that price again.I was jonesin' for some Asian flair, so I my chosen entree was the Togarashi Dusted Big-Eye Tuna, rare. The tuna was tasty and high quality, and the sauce it was in was pleasurably tangy. The waiter had told me to expect it to be spicy, but I didn't find it spicy at all - maybe the seasoning on the tuna had a subtle kick, but not much. What surprised me most was the rice cake. I was almost as excited about it as the tuna, which is definitely not something I expect for rice! It is a clump of sushi rice that is quickly dipped into a flash-fryer to crisp the outside into something so perfect that I'm considering buying a fryer just to try to replicate it. Combined with the sauce, it was divine. My one complaint about the dish was the pickled veggies that are stacked on top. I thought the sauce was super tangy all by itself - the pickled flavor was just all too much. I couldn't eat them. But I cleaned the rest of my plate happily!My boyfriend got the Scottish Salmon, which he also really enjoyed, especially the curry sauce that went along with it. He cleaned his plate completely! He is gluten allergic, and the waiter was very patient to go through the whole menu with him in detail and let him know what could be made gluten-free. They do not have a separate gluten-free menu.Our bill came out rather high - 2 glasses of wine, 6 oysters, and 2 main courses came out at $90. We weren't concerned with the gift card in tow, but even with the great quality, it seemed kind of steep.All in all, if you think a well-rounded meal for 2 at $90 is nothing to sneeze at, then by all means, visit Upstream! Otherwise, I'd save it for a special occasion.
2	I really wanted to love Upstream, but it totally fell flat. We sat in the bar for some apps and drinks after a movie, and it was one disappointment after the next. The biggest disappointment of all was the management (and this is speaking from two people who worked and lived off of tips in the service industry for years). We weren't looking for anything but an acknowledgment and somehow felt like we were the ones causing problems.....so what happened...We ordered shrimp dumplings and they came out raw. We sent them back and somehow were left to feel like we were being unreasonable. Call me crazy, but expect food to be cooked and want to make sure there are no risks to eating said food. New ones came out (they were great) but TOTALLY different than first ones of which the management said were "slightly undercooked" and he was "trained that most food was sushi grade." Call me crazy again, but just admit the mistake and we all feel good. Lastly the bill came and Upstream has the audacity to charge $3.50 an oyster for Wellfleets ($42/dozen). Whaaaat!! I'm a Boston gal who knows her seafood. Never in my life have I seen someone charge that amount. Nevermind that the menu says they are $2.50 but they all of a sudden claimed it was a premium oyster at a different price.I can forgive mishaps and mistakes - it happens to the best of us. I cannot accept management who is so cavalier and dismissing to their guests.Prices are high here and that is no issue for me for great food and service, however not acceptable if you can't deliver on those fronts.
3	Upstream is probably thought of as one of the best restaurants in Charlotte.  I am from Philadelphia where there are excellent restaurants with iron chefs so my viewpoint may be a bit skewed.   The food was good but not great or amazing.  Every dish (except the house salad) was over salted.  My husband had the tuna and I had the seabass. They were both very good but as I said before not great.  We would go there again but for sushi/raw items not necessarily the cooked menu items.  The salad was was the highlight for me (house salad) and the crab bisque was pretty tasty too.   Overall the service was very good but slow.  Our waiter was one of the most knowledgeable wait staff we have encountered since moving from PA.
5	Great food! Great service! Our waiter was Christopher, and he was fantastic! He recommended excellent entrees, apps and wine that exceeded our expectations. We recently moved to Charlotte from NYC, and this is by far the best restaurant we've dined so far. The sea bass is almost as good as NOBU and the tuna... OMG!! Your mouth will love you, trust me. Enjoy .
3	I came to Charlotte on a business trip and checked out yelp and picked this restaurant.  I had a reservation for 7:30 but was not seated till 8:05.  I ordered the lobster and it was not fresh.  The server was fantastic but not the lady in the front.  Horrible customer service and just gave me this attitude.  Whatever, this is the last time I am coming to this place even on my next trip.  The 3 star is for the appetizer and the server's excellent service.
4	I came to upstream for their Thanksgiving buffet. The service was excellent. They were running behind due to a power outage earlier that day but the staff was handling it well. If I ate hear again I would defiantly order items from the raw bar. The oysters and crab claws were delicious. The shrimp and clams were fresh and I enjoyed their cocktail sauce.  I loved their Cesar salad with homemade croutons. I tried some sushi but the rice was underdone and dry. I would try it again considering it was a buffet. Overall I was very happy with the buffet and would love to come back and try their regular menu.
4	Thanksgving? At Upstream?They were open and served up an extravaganza and if this is any indication of their famed Sunday brunch I need to hustle over to Upstream this weekend.The all you can eat buffet is pricey ($40) but I think I ate that much in oysters alone.Offerings ran the gamete from delicious looking cheese plates and salads (I say looking because I didn't sample - saving my stomach space for...) the raw bar, mussels, clams, crab legs, oysters, shrimp, smoked salmon, several types of sushi.....etc etc etc.Also five carving stations including traditional turkey but ranging to delicious Scottish salmon. Sides were a star, I loved the stuffing with duck sausage and the unexpected pairing of butternut squash and cherries. Also, the shrimp and grits. I went back just for a bowl-full.Desserts were lovely but not as epic as the raw bar and included an actual gelato cart rolled in for the occasion, bread pudding, cobblers, blondies, pie - you know the drill its Thanksgiving, roll out of there.Service was conscientious and over the top helpful in a non-cloying not-fake way.i've had many a nice meal at Upstream over the years and they really out did themselves with their Thanksgiving buffet.
4	My family was in North Carolina for my brothers' graduation from UNC Charlotte which happened to fall on the same weekend as Mother's Day.I was able to make reservations through opentable.com for our large group.  The manager, Kevin, was quite accommodating.  Service was attentive and friendly.  The Mother's day brunch ($34.95) had a great selection of quality brunch items: tender braised short ribs, omelet bar, shrimp & grits, sushi, raw bar, dessert bar. Beautiful outdoor seating. Blood Mary left much to be desired in terms of garnish and flavor. It was quite bland.
