4	This place is full of shady characters, and they don't allow droids, which is a huge plus in my book. Another plus is that one of these shady characters always is slanging some muon gold. The bartender is a little grumpy, but he pours a strong bantha blaster.The real draw is the people and possible violence that can break out at any moment. Once saw someone loose their arm in a dispute, which was pretty sweet.
4	Back in the day I used to bull's-eye womp rats in my T-16.  After Beggar's Canyon me and my buddies would usually stop by this place for a cold one.  Happy hour goes till 7 - the Juri Juice is only 3 credits.  A lot of people complain about service, but Wuher, the bartender, is hard of hearing so you might have to tug on his sleeve to get a drink.I don't know what Nick R's issue is with this spot - it's a dive bar, bro.  If you want a club scene - go to Alderaan, I hear it's blowing up...
5	This is by far the best beverage cafe I have ever been to.  The new patio is warm and welcoming.  The two bartenders that run the place are very personable and good looking.  I felt like I was walking into someone's home.  Great job.  I will definitely be back and bring my family there.
1	I was minding my own business when some punk kid sits next to me. My buddy and I warn him to back off, but he starts to get pushy. Next thing I know, some old man whips out a lighsaber and cuts my arm off.Terrible place. Bad atmosphere, rude bartenders and dangerous customers. Do not go here.
2	Total dive. My boyfriend's band played here recently and, well, it wasn't the best time. The place was pretty smoky and filled with some scary types. Everyone just seemed to keep to themselves, and no one said anything when a couple of fights broke out. Luckily my boyfriend Figgy lets me stay backstage so I don't have to be out in the bar by myself.I'm so glad Figgy's moving beyond this scummy place. His latest song is getting really big, and he's even getting some calls from the clubs in Coruscant.
2	Starting to warm up to this place - or it might be the twin suns frying my brain. Some of the bro's and I parked our speeder bikes here to grab a cold one. If you're into brawl scenes, this is your jam. We saw some old dude slice up a couple of punks with a flashlight, watched another alien dude get fried by a pistol, and we hadn't even been there 10 minutes. What's the draw? Apparently there are some pretty damaged Twi'lek sluts that hang out here and know how to please. Worth it.
