3	My wife needed to stop here.  I went in with her.  That's all.  The store was nice.  There were all manner of artsy things here:  fabrics, flowers, frills and fancy fluff.I walked the whole store which was crowded.  I was the only male in the store.  As I circled the store a second time I began to feel my masculinity declining.  I was concerned.  My very manliness was waning dangerously.  I had to act.  Then I saw it.  In one of the fabric aisles.Take heed fellow manly-men!  For there are multiple bolts of camouflage fabric in the third aisle of the fabric section!  There is Camo fleece!  There is Jungle Camo!  Treebark Camo!  Canvas Camo!  My favorite and the most testosterone laden of all:  Rip-Stop Jungle Camo!  I could actually feel more hair sprouting on my chest as I clung to the bolts of Camo in aisle three of Jo-Ann Fabrics!On the way out I signed up for Jo-Ann's mailing list with my actual address under the name Manly Camo.  We'll see what happens.
3	Yay!  My first junk mail under the name MANLY CAMO has arrived!
4	Alright, so I'm a guy and this is not a "guy" place. Sure, I am artsy... but again, I'm better off navigating Home Depot or Lowes. I came here to check out hot women...Wait... no, I came here to get some iron on patches. With half the store being cloth reels and a cutting desk, I was pretty lost in finding these little boogers. I ended up having to ask a worker who pointed me directly there.PS - the women there were attractive. Maybe I need to have more projects.
5	I like Jo-Ann's the best of the craft stores. They always have a great selection, the stores are clean and well organized, and they accept lots of coupons. You can use a competitor coupon and a phone app coupon at the same time as well! They have really great sales as well. The staff seem more helpful and friendly then some of the competitors.
3	This has long been one if my more favorite Joanns locations because it has a much bigger selection in every department than the ones closer to me.  When they say it's a super store they aren't kidding.  I especially like their expanded yarn department.I did have one bad experience here.  There was a sale on "embellishments" in the cardmaking department some time back, signs everywhere, but nothing was specified.  Now, everywhere else in the cardmaking world, embellishments means buttons, brads, ribbons, etc that you attatch to the cards to, well, EMBELLISH them.  But when I went to pay for the several such items I had picked out, the clerk, an older lady with an accent (German?) was ringing them up at full price.  I reminded her that embellishments were on sale and she informed me these weren't embellishments.  That literally stopped me cold.  I recovered enough to ask, well, if they aren't embellishments, what are they?  She said, Ribbons.  Brads. Stickers.  Flowers.  I tried to reason (not argue) with her.  What, in that case, WERE considered embellishments?  She didn't have an answer.  I set aside all the items that should have been on sale but weren't, so she wasn't happy with me.  A couple days later I was at another Joanns and those same items were on sale, 40% off, no problem. When I told the clerk about my experience here, she was shocked and agreed with me that those items were considered embellishments.  That's why I can't give this store more than three stars.
5	Never been to a fabric store...I can't IRON!!  But I had a project and I didn't know where I'd buy it, so I thought I'd see what they had...I walked in, saw the glittery fabric I'd need right up front..a sweet sales lady named Rose asked "You have what you need?"  I said "NO!!! I need HELP!"...Well, she was amazing!! She helped me put something together in no time!  I could NOT believe what a great place this is!!!!They were terrific and ROSE is amazing!!!
5	This location is too far out of the way for me but I drove 30 miles here because they had an awesome fabric that I so badly wanted/needed that's discontinued and not available in any of the locations! I got to the store about 20 minutes before closing so I couldn't really explore the store's selection but it's quite big and seemed really clean and organized. The customer service people are nice and helpful. They gave me coupons to use for the future.
3	I was so eager to like this Joann. It's huge, and it superficially looks better organized than some of its sister stores.Then I discovered that the appearance of organization somehow hid the item I was looking for. Every time I looked in the direction of a clerk, she avoided eye contact and scurried off. I checked whether I looked scary -- not a great hair day, admittedly, but no worse than some of the other customers -- and, indeed, other customers I passed in the aisles treated me as perfectly normal, and they're not paid to make me happy. So presumably the clerks at this Joann are shy forest creatures who are working retail as a sort of therapy to overcome their aversions to offering customer service.I finally got a clerk cornered -- she dodged and feinted, but I was faster and sneakier -- and asked where I could find the thing I wanted. She went all wide-eyed and sarcastic about "what is THAT?" Sarcasm is admittedly contagious, as I'll admit I responded in the same sticky sweet tone with "THAT is something I'd expect a clerk in a craft store to know about." She said -- with false sweetness -- that she'd never heard of it. No offer to find a clerk with a clue, no apologies, nothin' but standing by her conviction that she would not offer customer service, no way, no how.This would be a two-star review, except that I can't find the damned item on Joann's web site, so it's possible they really don't carry it. But she could have simply said: "I don't think we carry that, but if we do, it'd be on aisle X." That would have qualified as acceptable customer service, and I might even have gone ahead and bought the other items I was considering, rather than totting this incident up as yet another reason to find alternatives to buying from Joann.
