3	I've stopped by here a couple times on the way home to pick up a few things needed for dinner that night. Prices are a little high but not out of line for what you would expect with regards to its location. Selection isn't great, particularly when it comes to produce.
4	FMM totally exceeded my expectations. The store is much larger than I expected. I now know if I am on campus and need just about anything before I grab the bus home, I can get it here - from dinner to diapers! Since my expectations were low, I have to say the produce selection impressed me. The prices were pretty good for many items. This is also an excellent place to come get a take-out lunch.
3	Food is pricey but great selection of deli food, sushi and fruit.
5	Fresh sushi prepared daily, and they will deliver!  What great service and yummy sushi!
4	The UW campus has been lacking a fully-stocked grocery store for some time now, and Fresh Madison Market finally stepped up and filled that need. And it has done a pretty damn good job at executing it, so I expect it'll maintain a stranglehold on this market for some time. Shopping here is just like shopping at Whole Foods or your typical suburban grocery store.They have a variety of extras that you normally only find in big chain grocery stores. There's lots of high-end organic food available. The deli has a sizeable selection of delicious lunch meats, cheeses, and salads. There's a bakery with a lot of cheap and tasty sweets, great for getting breakfast or dessert. And you can get a box of fried chicken, mac and cheese, salad, or whatever else they have as the daily special at the hot bar up front.What's really nice is that they'll also deliver your groceries to your home for free if you spend over 40 bucks in there. I easily spend that much on any grocery shopping trip.There sometimes is a lack of variety, but it's generally rare. I once tried to find myself a big bag of pre-made chicken here, and found nothing worthwhile.Fresh Madison Market is kind of expensive, but that is to be expected in downtown Madison. It's certainly a lot cheaper than getting my groceries from Walgreens or Capitol Center like I used to, and I can find everything in one place. I know I'm getting the best deal on campus here. If you have a car, it might be more worth your while to drive out to a place like Wal-Mart or Woodman's.
5	An awesome find for its location.  You can shop online and pick up or have it delivered, and their prepared deli foods and salad bar are top notch.Slightly more expensive but oh-so-convenient.
3	Much needed quasi-regular grocery store near the UW campus.Very clean and bright. Prices are resonably fair. Meat selection is not that impressive, but they excel in their beer, deli, and salad bar.
4	After being here for nearly 3 years and having too few options on campus where you can do extensive grocery shopping, Fresh Madison Market was a welcome addition. For not being a large grocery store, there is quite a nice selection of various products. The produce section is especially pretty impressive.  Prices of certain products can be a little high but that's to be expected because of the convenience.  The workers are also very friendly and although there's always a line at every register they work through it fast. It's clean and convenient, nothing more you can ask for.
4	What's to say! It's a grocery store with what ya need downtown. It's not hipster or shady..it's just a good, simple grocery store with a great mix of produce, organic and other baked goods. The prices are fair even though some things I know are cheaper elsewhere; for many of us it means not having to drive so its all good.
5	I wish this place had been around in the 80s when I was a student at UW-Madison. Whenever I'm in town, this is where I go for a healthy deli lunch. There is a goof GF section, plus a fair amount of ethnic foods plus a decent domestic wine section.
1	Deeply awful supermarket. Fresh? If you think fruit-in-a-bag is fresh. Industrial salad bar. Lame bulk section. Local nothing. At home in Seattle, they'd be shuttered in a week. Plus, to add insult to injury, they only validate parking for purchases over $20
4	Mmmmm...soup and salad bar...You know how you go to some salad bars and it's an assortment of ill-chopped wilted lettuce and tomato wedges the size of  your hand?  Yeah, that's not how it is here.  I work down the block from here and this is a standard go-to for a quick lunch to take back to my desk.  The salad bar has a ton of fresh options of un-wilted meat veggies and meats.  Their soups are darn good too.  I highly recommend the turkey chili, clam chowder, and tomato bisque.  Their hot bar is decent, although the hot wings were not that great.The grocery store is what you'd expect from a store their size.  Not a huge selection but stocks more than enough ingredients to make a complicated and tasty dinner.  Plus alcohol.  Can't forget that to accommodate your complicated and tasty dinner.  The prices are typical of most grocery stores, if not just a tad bit higher.  Overall though it's a clean and fun presentation.  Most importantly it's convenient for a lot of people since it's the only store of it's kind on the UW campus.  Enjoy your un-wilted lettuce and tasty, complicated dinners!
3	Clean and really convenient - Fresh Market was a welcome addition to the campus area when it opened, as the nearest grocery stores were quite a hike. Prices can be a little on the high side for certain items - think produce, meat, deli - but the store has really come to run good sales. Pay attention to the weekly flier before you go to save some money. They do stock beer and wine, but no liquor - not surprising given its proximity to bars and other liquor stores, but still mildly inconvenient. All in all, an okay place to pick up a few items, but I wouldn't do my major grocery shopping here - head to Copp's or Woodman's for that.
1	Way too much processed crap. The selection of yogurt is abysmal (Dannon, Yoplait, Dannon, Yoplait) as is the bulk section. Only in comparison to a 7-11 convenience store would I call the produce fresh. Do your grocery shopping at the Saturday farmer's market or the Wednesday market at Hilldale Mall instead, and get some produce (actually fresh) locally at a fantastic price.
4	The Fresh Market is a nice grocery store with a fantastic location on campus. For people who live in the surrounding areas, it's a great place to grab lunch or pick up a few things. For someone looking to restock their entire kitchen, Target would be a wiser choice as the prices are not spectacular. But I wouldn't expect staggeringly low prices from a Market of their size and status, so no complaints there. The selection is diverse, and includes a wonderful produce area and a deli. I've had a few different hot sandwiches from the deli and was not super impressed, but I've heard good things about other deli products. The sushi bar is awesome and pretty unique to Fresh. One complaint would be their meat section (or lack thereof). It's small and doesn't have more than a few cuts. Overall, though Fresh is new and has areas that are still improving, I'd recommend the store to anyone in the area.
3	I shop here a lot, mostly because it's on the way home and it's the only thing available. Their delivery service is convenient and all, but they really need to hire more delivery drivers! Before tonight, I've bought groceries and had them delivered twice ... and even though all of their ads promise 2 hours, I've always gotten them in 4-5 hours. I didn't mind because both times they were obviously super busy. Today I bought a small box of groceries around 5:30 and was told it'd be at my house in less than 2 hours, since they weren't busy at all. It's 10pm. Our dinner is in that box of groceries. So, of course, I'm feeling bitter enough towards them to write a review. :)
3	As I used to live nearby, this place was a shop to get my grocery shopping. Located at a very strategic spot, Fresh Madison Market has been very crowded during the school days along the semesters. Some students, including myself, love to come here to get something on the way to class or after class. I realize it could be pricey, but nothing beats its strategic location, especially for those who don't drive and live closely. Their sushi is not bad at all, especially for a busy student with no extra time. Their Danish cakes are also good. So, yeah, if you have very limited time during your Semester, this place can be one of your choices for grocery shopping or some ready -to- go food!
3	I will never ever understand why no one ever built a nice, big supermarket on campus. This is one of 2 nearby options and is way overpriced and offers very little variety. Sure, it has the basics but not much more. Also one time I bought gluten free fresh pasta there and got home to make it and it was moldy. Gross. The one thing I always go there for is their sushi bar, it's delicious! It's also in a very convenient location and offers very nice hours to accommodate us college folk.Overall, a whole lotta meh.
4	This supermarket is automatic, supersonic, hypnotic, funky FRRRESSSH! Okay, maybe I just wanted to write those lyrics, BUT, for the most part, it's true. Fresh Market has a nice selection of produce and a good-sized bulk food section where I pick up my fresh Nature's Bakery granola and nuts for a reasonable price. They have fresh bread from local bakeries like Silly Yak and Stella's. The supermarket doesn't win for selection, but given its location downtown near campus it's a good one to have nearby.My most recent discovery? Their fresh squeezed orange, lemon, and strawberry-orange juice, which are all great! I'll be keeping it in mind as we go into cold season...
3	What I like about this store is the fact that the sell products from local businesses  such as Greenbush, Stellas, and Gotham Bagels. This place is good to stop at when I need a few random items for dinner or a snack. I love the bulk section and the produce is attractive. I would not go full blown grocery shopping here because it is quite pricey. But they do tend to have some good deals from week to week that are worth taking advantage of.I think the thing I have the hardest time with is how busy it can get. It's not a huge store, so during the day, getting in and out of aisles can be challenging and I can find myself circling around several times until I find the right opportunity to get to the milk (it's in front of this awkward pillar that only one person at a time can get through). And avoid this place if you can during lunch time if you are in a hurry. Otherwise , this place is alright. It's usually where I stop after my weekly 5+ mile walks to hydrate and grab some very berry health mix from the bulk department.
4	I stopped by on the way home from work because apparently (!!!) there is a grocery store between the UW campus and my house!! I never knew. I've never been a huge fan of this market. The price of the produce is quite high for the lackluster selection.. Today, though, I discovered the lowest price for a package of Potter's crackers ($3.99/pack) than I've found anywhere else in Madison!! And I thought $4.49/pack at Metcalfe's was a steal... You can probably guess how the trip to the grocery market ended up...Yea, that's right. My cart ended up being 1/2 crackers, 1/2 real groceries.
4	So you would think that a grocery store would have bad "fresh" food, but this place will seriously surprise you. I came here with no expectations, and it's now my go-to for quick and easy food (especially after I spin at Cyc upstairs).Favorite item here? Definitely the sushi, which is an answer that surprises me. I am pretty picky when it comes to sushi, and it's wonderful here if you come when it's just made (so around 11AM - 2PMish). I believe it's called the rainbow roll (the roll with salmon, cucumber, and crab with avocados and spicy mayo drizzled on top), and that stuff is good!Another favorite of mine is the BBQ pulled pork. Don't expect 5-star southern pork, but for the price you pay at the hot food line, it's well worth the $5-7 you spend. I always get it with the fresh hot wedge fries on the side, and I eat it together. Yum!Give this place a chance when you stop by for beer or toiletries (or whatever you people shop for). Madison Fresh has raised my expectations for grocery markets in this city, and I have officially been spoiled!
2	I've always enjoyed the products carried at the Co-op. You can tell that items are thoughtfully chosen, which is important to my family since we tend to eat local & organic when possible. That being said, the employees are consistently the least customer service oriented of any grocery store I've ever been in. You would assume with a locally championed co-op, employees would care more about their work. Employees at check-out do not want to bag your groceries, and when they do, they are bagged so poorly that delicate items do not stand a chance. Employees throughout the store more often than not are unfriendly, and unhelpful. My nine months pregnant wife & 3 year old daughter were shopping there today and my daughter accidentally knocked several carrots on the floor in the produce section. The employee working the produce section rolled their eyes at my wife and daughter and watched while my full term pregnant wife got down to pick the carrots up without offering to help. I love the products, but will not be going to Madison Market again.
