4	I first heard of this place through their mailer ad.  Their menu is very large (pasta to gyros to salads, not to mention their actual pizzas) which I think hurts them a bit.  I read a review on a different site that gave them a low rating based on their soups, but I don't think this should be representative of their pizza.  Come on people!  If you're going to order out to a pizza place, get the freakin' pizza!  Which brings me to my next point: their pizza is absolutely delicious!  The best part is their fantastic crust, which is just the right amount of chewiness and crispiness and taste.  Some people prefer a really thick or thin crust, so I should mention that theirs is a little bit on the thick side, but it's always cooked perfectly (no dough-iness).  I've tried their specialty Seafood Pizza as well as their Artichoke Pizza and both were loaded with toppings and tasted sooooo good.  I also have tasted their plain cheese pizza, which was tasty also.  Their prices are incredibly reasonable (especially for the specialty pizzas) and keep in mind that their "medium" pizza is like a large at Pizza Hut or Papa Johns.  I have had the pizza delivered as well as chosen to pick it up.  They might be a little slow when delivering because they offer to deliver to such a huge area, so the smart thing to do might be to call in for pick up.  So in closing, skip all the "fluff" on their menu and try one of their specialty pizzas.    You won't be disappointed!
4	Pizza here is pretty good, and a pretty good value. The cheese reminds me of the pizza at Costco, which is both a good and bad thing. If I want really good pizza I'll go to Pizza Sola, but if I want something affordable, but not PIzza Hut cheap, this is the place.
4	I won't pretend that Little Nippers is crazy gourmet or anything, but it doesn't try to be. I eat here once a week and it's consistently good food. A great Pittsburgh establishment with friendly staff.I recommend the pastas -- baked ziti or mediterranean in particular --  and the artichoke hoagies.
4	I like Little Nippers because they're open late.  Their calzones are delicious and gynormous.  The guy at the counter is super friendly.  I think he even wrote me a poem once.  They also carry large bottles of Pepsi for like a dollar.Their pasta.... isn't so great though.  But man, those calzones.
5	This place is really convenient, near a lot of apartments and is a really good local pizza joint. They're open late on Friday and Saturday and they're on campusfood! And they have good prices too! What more could you want?
5	This is not a gourmet pizza joint but I crave this place so often. I started eating here at the nippers in Dormont. It reminds me of my favorite pizza shop back home. WOOP Johns!Anyway this is the best hangover food place in Pitt!. Lots, and tons of greasy melted cheese that dribbles over your big bites. I eat here like I'm in a food eating contest shoveling in huge mouthfuls of salty, doughy, cheesy goodness. The ham and pineapple pizza is pretty rad and I love the calzones too. It's so much cheese my heart is ready to stop with each bite. You would think that the 5 cheese calzone is what to get when going for the calzone but I have found that some of the different cheeses that are in it are an extreme salt overload. The meatball calzone or the ones I have gotten with filling then don't have enough cheese! The Goldilocks in me has me choosing the regular plain calzone it's juuust right!  The pastas are pizza shop pastas, greasy, thicker gummy noodles reminiscent of Chef Boyardee comfort! I like the spaghetti and meatballs. Going simple here is the way to go. The taco pizza is interesting but again it's not fine dining but everything I have tried has been sending me back for 5 years! So if you wake up in the morning with a yearning for a down the block Pizza GO to the Nippers. This is a take out place so no eating in, and they have a wide delivery range... they even come out all the way to the boonies of regent square. One of the very few that does!
1	DO NOT order the hoagies!!! I used to get pizza from here all the time and it was pretty good, nothing amazing but it was decent. Then I decided to branch out and try some other things on the menu. I ordered hoagies for me and my girlfriend and we both got incredibly sick. I decided it must have just been a fluke and ordered different hoagies the next time and got sick AGAIN. I will never order anything from here, any place that makes me that sick is not somewhere I want to order my food from.
5	I've tried a lot of steak and italian hoagies in the east end and they may be the best and the prices are very good and the daily special of a whole hoagie for $5.99 is almost the same as a half hoagie at other places.Someone wrote a review about eating hoagies and being sick and well I've eaten many hoagies from them and never been sick.
4	I order here from campusfood.com all the time. You can get two 14'' (or 16''? I don't remember) hoagies for $5.99. All of the hoagies are tasty enough, and for a kid in college, this place is a godsend.
3	Little Nipper's is a pretty good college-town kind of pizza place, designed to be quick for delivery and take-out.  The pizza is good but unremarkable; the prices are low; and the non-pizza offerings include most everything you'd want and expect from a place like this.Overall, my experiences here have been fairly unremarkable (either positively or negatively), so 3-stars seems appropriate.
3	I've tried their pizza, hoagies, and fries. They are alright. I wouldn't go back for pizza or hoagie.But try their bbq wings! It's delicious. I love their bbq sauce.
4	Cheap, decent pizza? 2am and stomach growling? LITTLE NIPPER'S. There really isn't much more to say. Little Nipper's has been there for me every time and the staff is both speedy and courteous. Last week, I walked from East Carson to Craig (partially barefoot, because I made the idiotic decision to wear 5-in heels) and seeing the dimly lit 'OPEN' sign at 2:27am was salvation. I am forever yours, Little Nippers.
3	Stumbling around on Friday night in Oakland, my friend and I found ourselves needing some food.  Luckily we landed ourselves in Little Nipper's before we ate our arms off.  We needed grease.. more importantly, we needed wings.Though they took a while to come out and charged me like $7 bucks for a half dozen single wings, they were satisfying..  If I needed wings and I was in Oakland, I would certainly go back.
4	I'm a New Yorker, so any Pizza not from NY is going to have to work pretty hard to get more than 2 stars from me. That being said, Little Nippers really shines as some of the best pizza I've had outside of NY. Their wings are also very tasty and always freshly made to order.  The staff is friendly as well, and despite my infrequent visits still remembered me.
4	Ordered from Little Nippers II multiple times.  Each time I have been happy with what I have received, but I wouldn't call it fast food.Good food takes time to make, and in the case of their mild wings, they are good!  Skip the packet of dressing they give you and go home and put some quality blue cheese on these wings and you are in business!  Their pizza is o.k., but I have to say that I have not found pizza in Pittsburgh that measures up to the ones I can get back in New York, but then again their is a pizza place on every corner in my hometown. I will definitely be back, but will also make sure to call in or grub hub my order before to minimize the wait time.
4	We order from here very regularly. Their $6 large cheese pizza deal is great. The sauce is fresh and sweet. Most certainly a great improvement from other pizza places $5 pizza deals on campus.Their other menu items are a little overpriced in my opinion. Once I got mozzarella sticks and cheesy garlic bread, which were both very tasty but a little too much cost-wise for me to order those from there again.
4	I ordered take out from here and was happy with my order. I had a white pizza with spinach and it was really delicious and filling. The man who made the pizza was Italian, which adds an element of authenticity. The pizza was a far size, for a far price. It's a nice change from the other pizza options in Oakland.
1	If you're looking for the worst pizza in Western Pennsylvania, this is the winner.  Greasy cold mess.  Ever order I've gotten from here has been either super cold when it was delivered or burnt when I went to pick it up.  The staff is unhelpful.  They just stood there and looked at me blankly when I asked for a refund for the pizza I just picked up with a blackened crust.  Never again.
4	Pittsburgh has its own delights! I had a very satisfactory meal at Little Nippers. I ordered buffalo frenchfries with cheese hoping that they would be like the ones they sell in Hofbrauhaus. But these are cut in the shape of crinkled chips - soft, spicy, mouthful of potato fries chips! The portion-size was really large, I ate in 3 goes! I have also ordered provolone sticks from them in the past, it's really good. The New York Cheesecake was fairly decent; I had a satisfactory treat with my coffee. I highly recommend this place for its novelties and great expertise in making food!
3	To widen my Craig St. pizza horizons a bit, I decided to give Little Nipper's a try tonight, since I was in the mood for some take out.  When I walked in the door, I was immediately greeted by the guy behind the counter and a guy who I assume was the owner.  I asked him if they served pizza by the slice, and he said that indeed, they did, though they'd have to make a fresh pie.  I said, "But I can still buy just a couple slices, right?", and he assured me that this was the case.  I told him that in that case, I'd have two slices of plain.  He told me it would take about ten minutes, so I went for a walk around the block.When I returned about ten min. later, the owner told me it'd be one more minute and I said that was fine, and that I'd wait.  At this point, another guy who I hadn't talked to before saw my CMU t-shirt and asked me if that was where I went to school.  I told him that I'm finished with school, and that I work as a researcher now.  He asked me what I research, and I told him, and he told me he thought my topic of research was really interesting, and proceeded to show me that he even knew a bit about it.  I was impressed, since most people walking around don't know much of anything about my topic of research (though many people find it interesting, nevertheless!).Anywho, I took my box of slices back to my apt., where I opened it.  The slices smelled and looked good, but they seemed a bit greasy, and the crust seemed a bit soft.  After dabbing off a bit of the grease and sprinkling on a bit of Italian seasoning, I proceeded to eat them.  As I predicted, the flavor was good--the sauce was a bit on the sweeter side, and the cheese was classic mozzarella--but the crust wasn't crispy.  So, while they were good, they don't beat out the crispy-crusted slices of Pizza Prima, my Craig St. pizza standby.  On the other hand, they're definitely better than chain pizza slices (Papa John's, Domino's, etc.).  So, if other places on Craig St. are closed and the hours are conducive to your needs, if you need delivery, or if you're in the area and you'd just like to try something new, I'd recommend giving it a try.  3.5 stars.
4	If your looking for greasy junk food pizza this is the place. Every time I've had the pizza here it's been good. A few beers or whiskeys and this pizza will hit the spot.
3	The pizza itself was very good.  Cheesy and greasy and it surely hit the spot when I needed to satisfy my hunger.But, there is always a but, they need to update their menu on here.  The prices are way off.  From what we ordered according to the menu listed here on Yelp, and what we paid when the food showed up, was really quite a bit difference.  Asides from that, I couldn't see much else to fault here.  Or maybe that was because they made a mistake in my favor and in order to rectify that they gave me a free small pizza.
2	Ordered the mediterranean calzone, its too oily/greasy and the crust is soft. Nice service though.
