1	Ugh. I despise Kinko's. I despise everything about Kinko's. I don't even know where to begin. Buckle in, this is bound to be long winded.Once upon a time, I thought Kinko's was this magical place full of neat machines and free paperclips that was constantly full of cool projects and was hopping twenty four hours a day. Then I began to need to use them for my job, and that's just when all the trouble began. First of all, very few Kinko's, if any, are even open twenty four hours a day anymore! But that was just the initial crack in their facade for me. See, I used to be able to just email them a document as an attachment, and put instructions in the body of the email. Then I would follow up with a call to make sure they got the file, which they always did. They would tell me over the phone when I could pick it up, and the orders were always on time. THEN everything changed. They no longer accept email orders. They have created the most complicated and horribly bass-ackwards program on their website to upload documents. I understand why they did it, and I'm not saying it's a bad idea. I'm just saying the program needs some major overhauling because it never ever ever EVER works right. Either I can't explain what I need to them through their structured questions, or it won't upload right, or the submit button doesn't work. Then, once I finally get it to work, I have to call them 20-30 minutes later. Generally, they still haven't received my file by my first call. So I call back. I'm left on hold forever, and when they return, they still have to ask a billion questions about my order because their system doesn't tell them what they need to know. It takes virtually forever.I really feel for the employees at Kinko's. I once worked for a copy shop, and I know how hectic things can get. That being said, I have never witnessed more incompetent help in my life. I don't blame any of the individuals that work there, Kinko's probably just has provided very little useful training for them. But still, I dread going in there. Even to simply pick up a completed order, it will take no less than 30 minutes.On top all of that, Kinko's is expensive. Needlessly so. Simply because they have a stranglehold over the copying business gives them no right to charge those ridiculous rates for various services. Blow it out your a$$, Kinko's!
3	Needed to send out a package and found this location while I stopped for some Froyo @ Yogurtland next door.....bonus 2 for 1 stop.  The lady behind the counter was helpful, but she seemed a bit intense....maybe she was having a bad day.In any case, I was able to get what I needed and was out of there in 5 minutes.Return Factor - 50%
4	This place can get pretty busy and with the location it can be a slight bit of a challenge getting in and out of here but this place services a large population in the area so I can't blame them. I had to write this review specifically for one guy, Tony. I was trying to print out some business cards the other day and the printer went haywire. Even though Tony looked extremely busy he took a whole bunch of his time trouble shooting my file, trying different methods to print it and eventually giving me a lot of credit back due to the problems with my file and the business card papers I brought in. Another thing that impressed me was all the customers coming in and saying hi to him and he knew most all of them by name.  Service like that will make this my go to FedEx location. Thanks for your help Tony!
1	$8.24 cents to fax five pages to my insurance company and an unpleasant, unsmiling troll behind the register to help me out with the process.  I think that pretty much sums it up.
1	Go to the dudes, because the lady who I had to deal with seemed to be very uninterested in helping me.  It was like pulling teeth to get an answer of the price difference between ground and air delivery.  She couldn't even recommend the right size box for my package.  I felt as if I was being judged by my every move.
4	We started taking our prints here to get cut after finally getting fed up with Alphagraphics down the road.  They take their time and do it right - which is important to us since we create layered cards out of these pieces and sizing is really important! They are very friendly and fast too. The only reason not a perfect score is because one time they couldn't locate our job and we had to come back later when someone knew what was going on. (they had a communication break down.) Other than that, we are very happy and will be using them often.
5	It's 4:00 PM and I have a lot (and I mean a lot) of files that need to be printed by close of business the next day. Who can get this done? FedEx Office Print & Ship Center! Sure it's probably a little more expensive then other options, but I pay for the convenience and efficiency of knowing that I will get my prints done in time and done right. If I mess up or change my order? No problem! They make the changes without giving me so much as a peep! I've been using FedEx for all my printing needs for several years now and have always been happy with the service and outcome. The staff at FedEx are some of the friendliest and most helpful staff I've ever worked with. I highly recommend using FedEx Kinkos for any of your printing needs, no matter how big or small!
1	My work is having this Fed Ex process a large order. I just called to confirm receipt of an email (third time sending it, figured I better verify this time). I was placed on hold for an extended period of time and when the person finally answered she was out of breath and incredibly rude. She spent the first half the phone call telling me she could not hear me (over her gasping for air). I even asked to speak with someone else, or a manager, and she refused. When she finally looked up the information, she can see that the email WAS in face received, every time I sent it. Sigh.
1	What a waste of time. The computers are so slow it's like you're using the first ever Internet connection. You will literally sit there for six minutes waiting to print out one page. While the computer is thinking about whether or not it's even going to print what you need the clock is running in your being charged. Unfortunately, the Kinko's staff can't help you much because they're aware of the problem and there's nothing they can do about it. They're still using the old explore with the bugs, and their version of Firefox is from like 1998. They never heard of chrome.
2	I have been trying to use this place. UPS charges about double for a lot of things, I often have to drop off packages for business. Lately, computers always having issues, someone is "out to lunch", and once there was just one poor young gal there running the whole place with a line out the door. Add to that a dropped fragile package (I am not mentioning who and what because I am not costing anyone their job). But PLEASE staff this place better. It is in the center of a business district.
