3	NEW to the neighborhood, this place just relocated from N Las Vegas to the old Cappazolli's building @ Maryland Pkwy/E Desert Inn Rd just 2 months ago.It's kinda hidden in the back but they have a street sign to catch your eye.It's a small take-out place. there is 3-4 tables but NO TV or music or any reason to really hang out & eat. They have menus everywhere with all kinds of specials.Obviously the special that caught my eye was the 5 item for $5!!! Piece of Chicken(leg or wing)-Fish(catfish or snapper) & Rib(beef or pork) plus Fries and a drink!!! THE FOOD:The Chicken was Great-well seasoned,crispy not real greasy and real meaty!!The fish was good, it had a nice cornmeal breading seasoned well and the fish was fresh & tasty BUT its hard to please me when it comes to CATFISH.The Ribs were WEAK-kinda dry & tough TONS of sauce(which was good) but no smoke flavor. NOT my kinda ribFRIES were fries kinda salty but good.OVERALL: great prices,great chicken, good fish, skip the Ribs. Give it a try-GREAT PRICES!
3	If you're a fan of Louisiana Famous Fried Chicken, Mack Ribz BBQ holds a franchise here in Vegas.  Originally located in northeast Las Vegas, they moved to a new location across from the Boulevard Mall.As mentioned by Scott D., they are hidden in the back of a strip mall, so be sure to look for the signs.  The location is smaller than the old location, so there isn't much ambiance except for friendly and courteous conversation with the owners.I stopped in for a 4-piece chicken basket, but I also decided to try the 5 for $5 special.   The chicken is good as always, cooked to LFC's recipe and standards:  crispy on the outside, juicy and evenly spiced on the inside.  The catfish was also excellent.However, the ribs can use some improvement.  While the sauce is abundant and provides lots of flavor, the pork rib I had was tender and meaty, but could use more smoke in the marinade/grilling process (I tried the beef rib on my previous visit, which was covered in sauce, yet could have used more marinade to tenderize the meat).Overall, Mack Ribz is worthy of a visit. Come for the ribs (which have a lot of potential), stay for the fried chicken and the friendly service.
3	Pretty good spicy Louisiana fried chicken.  Got it hot out of the fryer and it was quite tasty.  As long as you don't mind the spiciness, you'll be good to go.They have a lot of other items to choose from, like ribs and nuggets.  If you like Louisiana Fried Chicken, then this is your place.  Their chicken has crispy skin and a juicy inside.  Yum!
4	Although this operation is closing for a while and relocating in North Las Vegas at Cheyenne/Civic Center, it deserves to be acknowledged for serving a superior product so far as the Louisiana fried chicken goes. Moreover, the staff is friendly and polite, making you comfortable while waiting for take-out to be prepared. Best wishes for success in your new location.
