4	Placed my order at 10:13 online and got it at 10:41.  Only 28 minutes! Not bad!I ordered the Wisconsin 6 Cheese Pizza on Brooklyn Style crust for $11.99 with their online coupon.My order was prepared perfectly.  Best Dominos order I've ever had.The online pizza tracker is awesome.  Hilarious when you select a theme.  Don't get me wrong. This isn't the best pizza you'll EVER have, but if torn between the usual chains this location seems to perform flawlessly.  Definitely the best Dominos pizza I've ever had, and that's saying a lot from somebody who used to hate Dominos.
1	I can't imagine a worse phone order experience.  I officially will NEVER again order from Dominos.  Travis who answered the phone was pretty much mumbling the entire time and apparently never trained, "attempted" to take my order for 4 large specialty pizzas for my mgmt meeting at work. He ultimately asked, "cash or charge" which I responded "cash" and then received no response. I sat for 5 more minutes listening to a mumbled conversation until he hung-up on me.  After 50 minutes of waiting, I called back and spoke to the same clueless employee who told me "the pizzas show here they're being delivered so they'll be there in 5 minutes."  Then after another 15 minutes, I called back and told Travis to give me a manager. The person who picked up the phone was even less professional and so obviously not a manager, I swear it was as if the same guy was just pretending to sound like somebody else! So whoever it was proceeded to tell me my order was never placed and no food is being delivered!  No apology and no care whatsoever on his part. This was for a work event and I was thoroughly embarrassed to inform an already frustrated and hungry group that our waiting will not be rewarded and we have to start over somewhere else. So I will now do everything I can to ensure no one else from our company and anyone else that ever brings up Dominos, to NEVER order from them.  What a horribly run establishment.
4	I always use the online ordering feature and since we have been patronizing this location Store #7456 we have had nothing but great product and good customer service. Been ordering from here for the last two years it has turned our opinion of Dominos as a whole for the better. Quality and fast service rate it high in our book.
1	Who answers the phone at this place?....I had to hang up on the same person on two different occasions. Hard to believe this person is still employed. He had a very difficult  time with simple things such as spelling and pronunciation.... this got old and annoying very quickly!I could not make it through the whole conversation....not even past the part where I was trying to give him my address..he could not even handle that... twice!...This guy is surely doing nothing but damage to business at this location.....If anybody cares, he last answered my call on Friday night, Nov 22, 2013Please fire this moron so I can have some pizza...until then I shall take my business elsewhere.I suggest somebody in management calls on his shift and poses as a customer, so they can see that this review is no exaggeration by any means.Sign him up for the special olympics.
5	Great job
1	I go to Dominos Pizza on Trop and Pecos every Friday, but who ever that is answering the phone and taking orders SUCKS!!! I was so upset last time call her back and told her just cancel my order. From there I did not go back  for more then a month. I recently called last Saturday after Christmas shopping and I think the same girl answered GRRRRR. I was very nice to her, but her attitude was like a hormonal teenager in HEAT! Freaking BITCHY ! So now I will take my business else until she is gone. So sad because the Manager that I would always see there was AWESOME!  Parents teach your kids some manners before they end up unemployed because they don't know how to be polite.
1	Wow, there are a bunch of idiot's working   at this place. The person ( some girl ) answering the phone and taking the orders is horrible at doing her job. She put me on hold numerous times, I had to repeat myself on everything I ordered....don't know how this girl has a job. When the pizza arrived they forgot my dipping sauces and the driver seamed like he was annoyed that he has to deliver pizza. This place is a joke, don't order from this location... The staff is horrible, the wings were burnt, the pizza was barely warm. Never again!
4	I order from this location whenever we get pizza. I am on a gluten free diet, and Domino's has the best GF pizza out there (oddly enough). I always order online, so I am not familiar with the phone service that others have complained about. Online ordering is a breeze and I have never had any issues. Typically I do carryout, and the staff is friendly when I go in. When I do get delivery it always arrives fast and hot. For a chain pizza place this is one of the better options for me and I have no problems with this location.
1	I am STILL waiting on my order and ordered an hour ago! This location is the WORST if you want your food delivered in a timely manner. I will NEVER order anything from this location or Domino's ever again! Who knows....I'll probably be waiting another hour before it actually gets here. Wait....they're here....and forgot something on my order and now have to go back and get it....REALLY?!!! Domino's Twitter account reached out after I bad-mouthed them on Twitter. Still no dice. Avoid ordering delivery from this dump!
1	your staff is ignorant and rude. the girls on the telephone are nasty and laughed at me when i called twice about my problem. i waited 30 mins over the expected delivery time to get an order that had no sauce which i paid for and half my order not there. i called not 2 mins after he left and they said it would be another hour just for the sauce alone. you guys suck. horrible service. im contacting district.
1	THEY HAVE THE MOST RIDICULOUS PEOPLE WORKING HERE. They arent even worth the 8.25 they make. The driver never comes back EVERY time he forgets my items ordered and has them in the car with him. I called while he was still on my street BUMPING HIS MUSIC and its been 45 mins since. Not to mention this happening EVERY time I order. We all know this location SUCKS. This order was not what I placed they did not care to hear that I wanted a credit as I didnt need the food in 2 hours when they went back out for delivery I mean come on. THANKS BUT NO THANKS KIDS
5	I love that even though this location is in Las Vegas and I'm in Henderson I've never had any problems when it comes to ordering from them. They always arrive on time and the driver is always polite. My food is always super hot as if it just came out of the oven. They've also never forgotten an item like others have stated has happened to them. I've also never experienced anyone being rude to me on the phone when I have called to ask a question about my order. These are the reasons why I will continue to order from them and I order a lot of pizza LOL.
5	We've been ordering from this location for several years now and we're very happy with the service and the product. I think they only forgot to put jalapenos on the Firey Hawaiian once in the last 6 years or so, and it was forgivable. They're always fast and friendly.
1	If I could give negative stars, I would.  I rarely order delivery pizza, and even less from Dominoes.  The last time I ordered from there my pizza was delivered over an hour late and was cold.  That was nearly 6mos ago.  Today I pre-ordered for a specific time.  It came on time but as a cash delivery.  I had ordered with a credit card online.  The delivery man called the store manager and she said it was entered as cash.  Meanwhile, I brought my laptop to the door to show it was entered as credit card, but after hearing the manager speaking about me (he had the speaker phone on) I just shoved the food back to him and said "forget it, you guys just can't get this right."  Perhaps I was rude, but if they want customers they need to up their game.  Had to call my bank to make sure no charges went/go through seeing as how I entered all my info on their website.
5	We pretty much order from here twice a week. Always on time for delivery and always very nice when we go in for pick up.
