5	I have had memberships to a few gyms in the valley and YMCA tops.  The gym has more than enough cardio machines, including bikes, eliptical, treadmill and stairmaster.  I have only had to wait a few minutes for an eliptical machine once or twice in over a year.  There are a large assortment of weight machines.  The best part is the classes - yoga, pilates, spin, step, ab-crunch, kickboxing - all included with your membership! There is also an olympic sized heated pool, the Y offers water aerobics, which I have not tried but am definitely thinking about.  Another seller for me was the lack of pretentiousness.  People are here for one reason - to work out.  You won't find girls with full make-up looking to meet their future husband.  It is a family place and I feel very comfortable working out here.
5	Great location in a quiet and scenic community. Clean facilities, very friendly and helpful staff. Lots of cardio and fitness equipment as well as free weights, so even during peak hours any wait would be minimal. Whenever any need for equipment repair arises, it is attended to immediately. Announcements of many varied classes, programs and events are clearly visible. The heated pool is great; I just wish it were open on Sundays, though.
5	I originally joined this Y in '06.  My attendance was sporadic, in part because of the lack of welcoming attitude of the staff.  The one class that keep me going was the Hatha Yoga w/Noreen. I moved out of state for a year for work purposes.  When I returned to AZ in '09, I found out that Hatha Yoga w/Noreen was now offered 4 times a week at this Y.  I promptly joined again.   Sure I go and do cardio and some other things at the Y, and they have a great varity of cardio  machines and there is no waiting for them.  Lots of weights, both machine and free for use.  Again enough so there isn't waiting.  Aqua classes, fitness classes, body pump, ect. are offered.  The gym & locker rooms are clean and the staff there now is much more friendly.But the gem of this Y, in my opinion, is the Hatha Yoga class taught by Noreen.  I have taken yoga classes all over the states and in some pretty fancy yoga studios.  By far the best class, especially for the money since it is included in the Y membership (drop in non-members $5) is the Hatha Yoga by Noreen. She guides you through the poses, encouring you to work to your edge and listen to your body.  Lots of attention is paid to the participants form.  This class is   Tues/Thurs @ 8 am , Fri/Sun @ 9.  The Sunday class is frequently crowded.  Get there early.
4	I volunteer personal train here for the swim portion of triathlons. The pool is a nice size, staff is friendly, lots of classes,  and there is a lot of equipment. For the price it really can't be beat. Very difficult to secure a volunteer spot (over a month to get it and had some friends turned away...) Like a lot of cool things, the Y tries to be exclusive by hiding itself in the Thunderbird business campus so be warned so you don't call sounding ridiculous claiming that it doesn't exist like I did ;)
4	Shit is nice as hell!
3	The gym is decently appointed for cardio with lots of treadmills, bikes and ellipticals. They offer classes in martial arts, Pilates, Zumba and aerobics- the usual stuff. There's an outdoor heated pool and a large indoor gym for basketball or volleyball as well as nearby outdoor tennis and handball courts. Not as much resistance training equipment on hand- (no Hammer Strength for working out with heavy weights without a spotter), but there is usually not a terrible wait for using the pulley machines or dumbells. I wish there was more square footage devoted to that area. This is not a good gym if you like to hit on people while you work out- there's very little socializing.A family membership is super affordable and that enables you to get your kids into the various leagues that they offer year-round. They hire good officials and good sportsmanship values are always first and foremost.One of the best things about this Y- if you have an elderly or a very young family member who wants to workout with weights, they have a room full of equipment set aside just for them.
1	Have had my stuff stolen from here TWICE.  Both times I had a heavy lock on the locker door. First time they used bolt cutters and the second time was today when it seems they were able to pick the lock. First time their security camera wasn't even working to see who came out and this time I didn't even bother asking because the person only took my credit cards.Don't go here!!!
4	The YMCA gym is absolutely amazing!  As per other reviews, it isn't a place to hit on people.  I have to say though, it's a gym, why are you being a weirdo and hitting on people in the first place?  You should come here to workout, not creep others out.  And I absolutely adore that 95% of the people here will leave you alone.They have a traditional gym area that has tons of machines of every kind.  I personally have never waited to use any of them.  There are so many that something is always open.  They have a circuit room that has classes a few times a week and a basketball court in the school style gymnasium.  They always have some kind of class going on from STEP to Zumba to Yoga and everything is included in the membership besides team sports.  The pool outside is even heated which means you can go swimming and do Aqua Zumba even in winter.There are tons of things for kids to do here as well.  Team sports, karate, swim classes and the Amazing Kids center is wonderful!  My son adores it so much that he begs to go here every day.  The staff is absolutely wonderful, rather knowledgeable, quick to help and great to just chat with.  They remember everyone which makes it have a small business feel with big business amenities.
