4	We had a great time here. The restaurant on the second floor had the cheapest steak and eggs in town and the strawberry shortcake special was outstanding. Don't miss out on eating here, you will love it. Also the casino is good, they gave us cash back up to 100 dollars of losses on slots the same day. I don't think I have ever seen this before, it was very convenient. I didn't stay at the hotel but we had a great time here and I would recommend stopping by for a bite to eat and some risk free slot gaming.
1	DumpI was scared for my life, You would be hard pressed to find a place more scary and sketchy in Las Vegas...I had fun playing Bingo, but when we were leaving, I thought I was going to get shot as a police situation and manhunt was unfolding in the casino as i walk out the door I see two guys urinating in the bushes and one vomiting just steps from the police car... My first time playing bingo since I was a kid, if i have to deal with this scene no thanks...
2	I was rolling over 3 stars but figured 2 would do it more justice. We spent 2 nights here and I tried to stay in the room as minimal as possible. Review is for room only... its very rundown looking. Those flowery cheap curtains that match the bed sheets. Restroom was very confined. My car trunk seemed bigger. Not that I have used it as a restroom or so. Aside from the room... everything else is just just average or below. Valet dude was polite. Insisted on tip even tho he never parked our car. Parking lot is pretty big, always found a good spot. Front desk guy was cool... however offered no help on whats going on ON the Strip as far as shows an attractions goes. FAIL! 2/5 because I have had MUCH better. Esp in Vegas!
3	The hotel is actually motel style, but I'm not picky. All I ask for is a clean room with a comfortable bed, and that's what I got. The shower is an enigma to figure out, though. I stayed at Arizona Charlie's for an entire week and I left the place still unable to figure out how the hell the shower works.Also, the in-room wireless never worked, but at $12.99 a night it's not really worth it anyway.
5	Me and my friend came into town and stayed here. We couldnt beat the deal we got on expedia including the flight. The room was exceptional. Had a Couch and Bed and Tv in one room. Then the other room had a bed and tv. The buffet isnt the biggest but the price is good. Loved the Cafe and Shortcake and steak was good and a great price. Security roaming around kept things quiet. Not far to the strip. A 7-11 is right around the corner. Played in the Bingo hall and had a blast. Will recommend all to stay here who dont want Strip prices but a great place to lay your head and eat. The pool was fun too.
1	Where to start with this place...If you're looking for something DIRT CHEAP... This is not the place to go, because frankly, for the price you get here, you can find better places closer to the strip, if that's what you're after.Now, I actually got to stay there for free but I'm still going to nit-pick everything for your convenience. 1. Site said they're pet friendly, so we brought our small dog. Pretty much the deciding factor why we chose it... When we arrived at about 5am to get our room, we unloaded into the room, and finally bring the dog in. 5 mins later, their little downs syndrome security guard on his bicycle came pounding on our door saying they saw the dog on camera and that we're not allowed to have dogs here... Ugh, wtf? Your site said animal friendly.. So fk you guys! We put the dog in the truck, and surprisingly enough. We were harassed for about 2 hours by their security talking about the dog. They sat in the room above us, and continually circled our truck looking inside? Who the fk do you think you are? Harassing your customers and making them feel like criminals over a damn dog.2. The rooms are not what the site says. There are no kitchen areas, no fridges.3. The shower and toilet had a disgusting black residue all over it. Do they even hire cleaning maids?4. The beds are god awful as far as comfort. At one point I took a pillow and laid on the ground... To my disbelief, the ground smelled like feces... Could this place get any worse? YES IT CAN!5. During almost every cigarette break I took outside, a hooker either walked by or drove by looking for the room she was called to... So yea, if you're looking to be around that kind of stuff, this is the place to go.I would give this place 0 stars if possible... They're lucky to even get one... This place is the biggest joke I've ever seen in my life... Frankly, I'd rather stay in a Motel 6 than ever even thinking about this place... Avoid at all costs. Don't even consider. No matter how cheap their rooms are, remember, it's Vegas, there's a hundred places that are just as cheap and better quality.
3	This review is for the casino only. I had a lot of fun at the casino and although I didn't win much, my grandmother did. There is a large selection of games to play, your "typical" casino, I guess. The service people were nice, however, the cocktail waitress hardly ever came by. Also, one of the supervisors at the desk was rather...blunt, to put it mildly.
2	No hot water, soap that doesn't lather.
3	Got a "Suite" for about $40 for a Monday night (after tax, No Resort Fees!), very roomy.  Couch and TV in one room and a TV in the bed room.  It was a steal on the surface, but no frills.   However, only one TV had a remote (Bed room), no big deal so I told desk clerk at check out a remote was missing, she said no problem.  TV sets were early 90s vintage but got about 30 channels.  Also, walls were thin and you could hear noises at night from people in other rooms so it was tough to sleep. Shower and wash room was basic, not unlike Motel 6.  Can't comment on gambling or food, did neither there, just stayed the night.  No line at all to check in and clerks both check in and check out were very nice.  Only about a 2-minute walk to casino, enter rooms from outdoors.   Not too far from strip or downtown or east side casinos.  Adequate when you don't want to pay strip prices; classic case of you gets what you pays for.
1	Arizona charlies is dirty and disgusting. The buffet and coffee shop and steakhouse all suck. The place is filthy and smells. It's all garbage people that go there and there is no class there. That place is for white trash people and should be imploded.
4	Returned over the holidays and was very pleased.  Front desk was very very helpful over the 4 days and 3 nights, room was very clean and spacious and this is the best value for a room in Vegas I think (just over $40 a night with taxes Mon-Wed before New Years).  Buffett was good, virtually no lines.  Gambling wasn't very good, but that really wasn't hotel's fault, casino is not very big but is perfect size for a small property.  Security was always around, either walking or on bikes.  You can hear noise from nearby rooms.  I would still return.
1	Avoid at all costs!!!I would like to point out that I grew up in a family that worked in the service industry (I was even a busboy at the age of 12) so I am very sympathetic when things don't always go as planned when dealing with any service industry. But this time I have to come out "Guns a Blazing" to help you avoid this dump. 1. Family Friendly: I would say NOT!!! We went as a group; 10 families for a softball tournament in Las Vegas. We were told we had to stay in this hotel otherwise we could not be in the tournament. (Letter of complaint to the ASA Las Vegas Tourney's on the way). This place is not kid friendly or even family friendly at all. The only location to go as a group to is the swimming pool. Even though you're as quiet as a ghost, security show's up to kick you out of the pool area promptly at 10:00pm. There is no other location for families (groups) to mingle unless you want to go to the smoke filled casino.2. Room's: Bring your own cleaning supplies and leave the kids outside while you clean the room. The rooms were non-smoking and didn't have the dingy stale smoke smell many converted rooms had. We were in building #3 room 2312 and the floor (carpet) was filthy and in need of carpet replacement badly. The Bathroom needed a deep cleaning in all areas. The rooms in my building was actually two rooms a living area with twin size bed that sat 3 feet off the floor and the master room with a queen size bed right up against the sink....Yes I said "sink" that was in the master bedroom. It turns out that the bathroom is so small that they couldn't fit a sink in it, so they put the sink up against bed. So if your laying in the bed and it's time for someone to brush their teeth, your getting a shower. The windows in our room were so filthy you could barely see through it. The lighting in the room is very bad, so during the day you open the curtains for a little light and all you see is dried pigeon poop on the outside of the window. Not all the windows for all rooms were this bad...just mine, probably because it took a ladder to get to our second floor window and no one is that motivated. For some reason the TV in the living area was a tiny 22" tube television and in the master bedroom the TV was bigger...don't ask me why???The room air conditioner is seriously old school. There's a hole cut through the wall from the living area into the master bedroom with a pipe stuck through that comes out directly behind the TV in the Master Bedroom for ventilation. This thing is "LOUD" and rattles like a fright train. If it wasn't for 10 years of sleeping on an Aircraft Carrier, I would have gotten no sleep at all. Yes...I slept in the living area where the air conditioner is because my kids couldn't see the 22" television or hear it because of the air conditioner. 3. Exterior of building: They use natural earth tones to paint the building...but I can tell you it's been many, many years since they painted it. Every wall in every location has black scuff marks everywhere you look. It's like they had fifty 7 year old's pumped up on pop rocks and cola riding bicycles without training wheels for the first time. 4. Pool: The pool is too small for the amount of people Arizona Charlie's can handle. I already told you they shut the pool down promptly without question (no one was even swimming in the pool). The first day we were there the pool needed a good skimming, but the second day when all the softball teams had arrived, they had to shut down the pool because the water became very cloudy. They drained half of it and then refilled it...it still look cloudy so we went to a friends hotel and used their pool. 5. Casino: Your everyday locals smoke filled casino. Crowd was mostly over 65 and lived nearby. I did have one of our parents win $1,000 at the black jack table on a side bet...but it took her 30 minutes to collect her money because the pit boss didn't know how to make the payout. All the pit boss could say was: "no one has ever won that side bet before."6. Restaurant: We ate one night at the restaurant (I don't remember the name). They were running a $15.00 dinner special we tried it and it was okay, nothing overly fancy and the food wasn't special at all. I will say that Tommy our server did an exceptional job and we really enjoyed his service. When my wife's seafood plate came out well overcooked like sole of boot when she asked for rare, he had no problem letting her switch to the beef dinner special. Tommy was great!!! the food was just okay. We didn't eat in the Buffet, even though I was looking forward to trying the breakfast there. Prices were fair $5.95 for breakfast buffet (with players club card) but one of the parents put a bad taste in my mouth when she said; "Look how they clean our rooms, are you going to trust them to cook your food also?" Needless to say we went to Denny's for breakfast and I never saw the buffet line the whole time we were there.
4	This place is low priced. There was no resort fee, so the price on orbitz.com for my two night stay came out to $53.00 and change with tax.It's not like many other places that entice you with the  low price in vegas, then in very fine print state a mandatory resort fee or internet fee must be paid upon arrival. (That is what happened during my last stay in vegas at one of the "Station" resorts, my resort fee was more than the actual room cost!)The place is laid out somewhat weird, the hotel rooms are located behind the parking garage in what looks like a run down housing project. Don't let the exterior fool you, the inside was about as clean and maintained as a more expensive place. The notepad next to the phone (which came complete with some else's math equations) indicate that it may be owned or operated by the same people as the stratosphere.If you are in Vegas for work, and not fun, it is a convenient place to stay, as you don't have to walk a mile to get to your vehicle. If you have a work truck of some sort, you can probably park close enough to see it from your room.I booked the room with a single king bed, but was placed in a room with two full size beds....not a big deal for me...(edited review on 07-04-12, to change "palace" to "station" as I don't want anyone to think I was referring to Caesar's Palace. I also didn't want to mention the name of the other place, as this review is not about that place, but I guess I just did!)
1	I stayed here because it was on labor day weekend and i was attending my cousins wedding on the strip.  The strip hotels were over $200 a night so I could only afford a hotel in the $90 range on the weekends.The room was big, nice, comfy, casino was good, resturant was good, free wifi.  The BAD PARTS is its in a sketchy hood. It's an outside hotel. Casino is seperate from the hotel.  It seems like a really trashy truck stop place, and i could hear the people having sex in the room next door, and I mean everything from the sound of the neighbors tv, toilet flushing to them having sex on the table. TRASHY!  I did tell the management and they gave me a refund of one of the 3 nights which was nice
3	This place offers some of the best room rates anywhere in Las Vegas.  I had to stay in the area for a month and a half so this place really was a fantastic find for that situation.  The casino and food were not very good quality but the room was perfectly decent for the price and MUCH better than anyplace else you would find at their prices.  If I were just coming into town for a quick trip or vacation I would certainly recommend staying at one of the nicer places on or near the strip but for long term or if you need very cheap accommodations this place is fantastic for the price.
4	You never know what you might get for an off-strip place but the rooms were better than I expected. Cannot beat the price for what I got. The rooms were remodeled; I could smell the fresh paint when I checked in. It had new carpeting. Check-in was smooth and the staff was very friendly. The casino is small and seems to cater to locals. Very chill.
3	If you like "Locals Casinos", AC's is fairly decent. There's a large array of penny machines for those who like 'em, and quite a few table games. The dealers are fun and friendly. Could use some more quarter and dollar machines, though.
3	When I first moved to Vegas a few years ago, I had to wait a few days before I could move into my place.  And, I didn't want to stay at the Budget Motels... for obvious reasons.  So, I looked into hotels near my place and ended up choosing AZ CHUCK'S.  The hotel is not attached to the casino.  It has a small pool, which I didn't use.  The room I stayed in was actually pretty nice.  It was a one bedroom suite and it was quiet.  That is all that I was looking for when I ended up staying here for that time.  The Casino over the years has seen some renovation.  It is a nice little place with its' clientele being an older crowd spending their retirement money.  They have a couple of restaurants upstairs, The Yukon Grill, Sourdough Cafe, and the Buffet.  Downstairs they have a couple of fast food places.  My reason for checking into AZ Chuck's was to go to the Sourdough Cafe.  So, you can check out my review there if you like.
4	I don't really like diners and buffets but a friend had been going to this place for too many years for their steaks and Sunday brunches. I went & tried both and was very pleased. Worth more than what I paid yet that is not a complaint. The brunch has a  great meat selection (steak, roast, fish), omelets made to order, mimosas!, and more... the diner steaks are nice portions with huge portions of eggs and potatoes... The staff are super friendly and attentive yet do not disrupt the meal. Fun
3	Had family visiting from Europe, and they selected this place for price fitting their budget.  We joined them for a few days.  Price affordable, yes.  Rooms were clean, and beds fine.  TV's older style.  Casino was next door.  Mostly seniors and locals, but everyone friendly.  For low budget needs, this place was fine.  If you want glitz and glamour, you will have to go to the strip and pay the price.  Exceptional staff members in Sourdough Cafe were our server, Stephanie, and Fadia, in the small gift shop did a great job.  Greg Peterson Band, in the lounge, was very good, but no audience.  Maybe because we were there on weekdays.
4	This is a nice place off the strip.  The rooms were fine.  What they really need to do is power wash all the sidewalks and lower portions of the buildings.  That little effort would really improve the impression of the place.  My biggest complaint is their hotel check in and check out.  They have a lot of hotel rooms and only 2 stations to check in and out of your room?  Really?  Do they really not want hotel guests that badly?
5	I had stayed at the other Arizona Charlie's location on Decatur on my very first trip to Vegas back in 2004, and it was great, so I figured I couldn't go wrong with the Boulder location. I am a member of the players club, which covers both Arizona Charlie's locations as well as the Stratosphere, and responded to a direct offer I had received from them which gave me an upgraded suite for the price of a standard room.Check-in was very rapid, and I was especially appreciative of the check-in clerk.  I was having a problem with my debit card at the moment - it turned out the company had put a temporary block on it for suspicion of identity theft!  Fortunately, I got it all straightened out, and the front desk clerk swiped that card about 10 different times over the course of an hour without even frowning. That takes alot of patience - you don't often see much of that in the customer service industry anymore. Thanks again!The property differs slightly from the Decatur location, as all of the corridors and buildings are outside vs. being enclosed. The decor of the rooms is a little more Mediterranean vs. Southwestern, as the Decatur location is. The suite (I believe it was a Standard King Suite) was very spacious, two televisions, extra cold air conditioner, very good water pressure, and lots of closet space.  The bathroom was a bit small, but no complaints.  This property was originally built as a group of extended stay suites that wound up going bankrupt, which might be one of the reasons the rooms are so big, and come with a good value.The pool and hot tub area was small, but more than adequate, and not crowded at all.The casino was great as always - lots of the newer multiline penny machines, but unfortunately, almost no old-skool 3 reels.  The Sourdough Cafe was teriffic. Be sure to check out the Steak and Egg special, it's one of the best, and has won several awards in Las Vegas magazines.  One thing to make note of is that this particular neighborhood is not the most glamourous - you'll see alot of drug dealing and prostitution from here to the Budget Suites a couple of blocks down the road.  However, I can't fault the hotel for this.Overall, a teriffic stay and I'd recommend it to everyone. Remember, you won't get the glitz and glamour of the Strip in some of these off-strip casino hotels, but it's been proven that places like these are far superior in customer service and higher casino payouts. The room prices and friendly employees can't be beat. Give it a try!
4	The breakfast buffet offers a good selection and is reasonably priced. The service this morning was excellent. I go here 3 to 4 times a month and will continue. Omlettes and eggs cooked to order and fresh made waffles. Under $7.00.
5	Can't really give any casino five stars because, let's face it, they are out to rob you blind. This is for the Cheesesteak Grill. Some of the best tasting, best priced cheesesteaks in the city. And now they have a few new offerings. Mmmm mmmm Only negative, the will not sauce your wings. Boo.  Un-sauced wings?  I won't eat them.
1	Nice hotel casino in appearance, but the quality is only skin deep.  The hotel is separated from the casino requiring a trek through the parking garage to reach casino. Pool is very nice, but not heated and spa was not working.  The  $4.99 steak and eggs was good for the price  but I would not pay $5.00  The room had no sound proofing and the people upstairs kept us awake most the night.  The fan in the bath room would deafen a 747 and when ever another guest took a shower we had to turn up the TV.   The lights were poorly designed. As you enter the room you are in the dark because  the lights were turned off at the bed. The bath light shines on any one sleeping and the only other light over the table which should be controlled by the entry door switch is difficult to reach and impossible to find in the dark. The sink drain was very slow and the toilet was designed for a 10 year old girl.   The casino was generous but the players card was dumb.  I played for an hour and started with $100 and walked a way with two black chips. Next day i checked my points and had earned 73 points, but that was worthless. You need 600 points to earn $1 in comp.  But the girl did know I won money. Only value in card is food discount.  I would never use my card at the tables again.  Play anonymously without card.   I have stayed at Arizona Charlie's on Decauter many times but will never go back to AC Boulder. To make things worse, it was NASCAR week and they were getting a fortune for the rooms.  Unless they want to comp me for friday's room, one star is all they get and only because it is a pretty place.
2	On the one hand; the staff was nice, the room was good for the price, and the rooms aren't attached to the main casino- it was nice being a bit apart from all the dinging slots. On the other hand; woke up at 7 am to pounding on my next door neighbors door, and an officer yelling "SECURITY, OPEN UP NOW!!!!". I couldn't tell if the people hanging around the place we're homeless, or guests ... everyone seemed to be in some stage of inebriation or undress ... but then again, it is Vegas.
2	Would of given it Four stars but couldn't believe no free wifi...they charge you $11.99 per day for wifi, come on in this day and age not to provide free wifi that's a good reason to go elsewhere.
4	RV RESORT REVIEW My wife and I stayed her for three days in April 2014.   First off,  we called ahead and asked if our four Chihuahuas would be a problem.  They said if the dogs were well behaved it would not be a problem.  So first positive,  while they say they have a two dog limit,  if your dogs behave they will let you stay with more.   Do not lie to yourself about your dogs behavior,   do not screw it up for the rest of us,   if your dogs do not follow commands and behave,  do not push the limits.     The pads are concrete which is nice.  Level which helps level the unit.   We had a 27 foot travel trailer and this was the easiest leveling job we ever had.   That is the second plus.    The dog run was OK but small.   We had to wait until those with big dogs to leave before we could take our Chihuahuas in.   I would have to say that is the first negative,   they need two dog runs,  one for each size.     Driving in was easy,   the turns were easy and  space was good.   I have recommended this park to a friend as a good place to locate,  close to down town and the strip.   I would say it is not so hot for families with small kids.
4	Stayed here for EDC Friday night to Monday night. We got our hotel for a really cheap price for a decent hotel room. We got a room with a king bed that was separated from the other room with couches and a tv. Which was perfect 'cause it allowed the sleepy heads to be separate from the people who were awake. Downside was that the bathroom and sink was on the bedroom side, but we managed. The bathroom vent was really loud, so it may have woken up my friends a couple times.The room wasn't massively huge or anything, but it was a decent size with a decent amount of floor space. The bed took up most of the room. The couch and the furniture in the other room could be moved to make more space for 4 or 5 people to all lie on the ground comfortably.My friends thoroughly enjoyed the $5 steak and eggs. They would order two plates per person. I don't like steak so I got to enjoy the farmhouse special or something with was bacon and eggs for about $3 or $4. Also enjoyed their $1 mimosas!!! The service was ok but a bit slow. They seem to be understaffed, because there's only one person working the reception during non operating hours. Check in is around 3 pm, and check out is around 11 am, so I think around those times they will have 2. Whenever we wanted something we had to wait for awhile to get it. We wanted towels, but because we didn't want to wait, we went to get it from the pool instead. The pools is nice and modest, this hotel is nice and modest. We're not complaining for the price. The employees are friendly though.
4	Went to Monster cup supercross at Sam Boyd stadium. Perfect for the event about a 6 minute drive. Hotel was clean my room was very nice. Hotel staff was friendly and spoke very clear english.  Prices were very reasonable.  I gave 3 stars only because no food room service. Love the idea too that the casino was not attached to the hotel. It was more like a apt. complex.
4	Very nice place a little off the beaten path but nice.  Friendly service and very accommodating with our requests.  Made sure our parties were close together even during the busy week.  Inexpensive was way cheaper than all the rest $70 a night versus over $200 for the others they give you two little rooms  very nice and the water pressure in the shower was great going to stay here again
4	Doe The price I paid it doesn't get any better, stayed for sema week, and my on problem was cab service because it's far form the strip but bus service is great get use to it and your a winner!
2	We went in for the steak and shrimp advertisement that was posted outside but it was so smoky we couldn't even go in and stay. We went upstairs to the buffet it looked ok not very many selections though so after dealing with the smoke and the not so plentiful Buffet we decided to take off
5	We had the best Thanksgiving dinner at Arizona Charlie's buffet!  Fabulous stuffing, real mashed potatoe, great desserts!  No mess to clean up at home!  Thank you for working on this holiday and for making such good food!
1	Ok price.Old tv sets, poor cable channel selection.Hustlers for sex and loose change in the casino and parking lots. Seedy neighborhood. Casino smells of cigarette smoke. Dirty bar/lounge. Rude front desk staff.Homeless man took a bath in the hot tub one night.
4	I really liked this hotel because of its location and price. I just can't give 5 stars for them because this hotel doesn't have free wi fi (they charge you in $12/day). Also, they don't provide microwave and refrigerator in the suites (I am sure that is because they want us to pay for food in their restaurants too) and also because its tooo noisy, I could hear what was happening in the room above. However, I really recommend this hotel because of its location (15 min from strip), cleanliness, organization and service.
5	I got a good deal for Our New years day vacation from Vegas.com.I Was a bit hesitant because the price seem to good to be true! $638.00. For 3 rooms (Dec. 30 2014-Jan.2  2015=3 nights) !! When we arrived the check in was fairly easy and fast.Out of the 3 rooms only one had a smelly carpet by the entrance of the room.I let them know about it and was immediately moved to another room without any problemFor breakfast we went to their buffet,which was also a big hit! The price was good i believe about $64 for 7 adults!! The selection was good not over the top but good.Specially the roast beef which actually had good flavor and the made to order charbroiled hamburgers and fries!! The desserts were good also.Overall a good place to stay will definitely come back here!!
