4	My son and I always go here for lunch! I really like it, but you know like any other typical PE wha are you gonna get? Orange chicken, haha. The girl server is super nice and hella quick, and the cashier is also sweet.The lo mein is yummy as is the chicken with green beans! Jyst thinking about it right now is making me hungry! We will go back whenever we're down there!
5	Just love this place as do my kids. Servers are super friendly and fast :) :)
3	Usually empty on Saturdays for lunch. Quick and easy service and the kids love it. There is certainly better Chinese to be had, but for a simple and quick lunch, this place is clean and efficient.
1	I came into this location for dinner with some friends and they had no food ready to go, when the cashier asked the cook to do it he gave a lot of attitude and then started to make the food 3 minutes later.
5	Best Panda I've ever had by far. So fresh and delicious! Great service as well! The chowmein was super fresh and not full of veggies, the orange chicken was great with not too many super large pieces. Very good, will definitely be coming to this one more! It's also extremely clean.
1	I was in the mood for Panda, so I ran over to pick up some food for dinner. I ordered honey walnut shrimp and shanghai steak along with fried rice. Both items are considered specialty, so there is $1.25 up charge for each item which I am ok with. I am not ok with paying extra and receiving crap. I got there an hour and a half before close, and everything looked ok. The lady said that the food was made recently. Well she lied. The shrimp was luke warm and the breading was mushy. It was literally falling off without me even touching it. The fried rice tasted old. The shanghai steak was ok but the temperature was off for sure. I think it is totally unacceptable to be serving food that is mushy and not fresh. Isn't there some kind of time frame when these items have to be tossed? Do these employees need more training on food safety procedures? Surely the food I was served tonight was not at the proper temperature and not cooked recently. So disappointed.
