4	This is a brand new location and it's in a pretty convenient location.  We stopped in for one of my favorite sandwiches (the Vito) and we were not let down.  The music that was playing was just as awesome as the sandwich. After trying numerous sandwich joints, Jimmy Johns is by far my favorite.  I would totally pick Jimmy Johns over the likes of Subway- Give em' a try!
5	I ordered Jimmy Johns online to be delivered. They were super fast! (delivered my sandwiches in less than 15 minutes! The sandwiches were really good, and made just how i ordered. Super impressed.
3	Jimmy John's does not have hot sandwiches or soups.  They specialize in making sandwiches (a variety) and making them FAST.  If you are looking for a quick meal and don't want to eat fast food hamburgers this is the place to be.  The portions are large so find someone to share your meal with or just save it for the folks at home.
4	Huge sandwiches for under $5, a steal on the east side of Mesa! I had the #1 Pepe (gourmet style ham + cheese), without Mayo.  I LOVE provolone, so it was right up my alley.  Chips and a drink extra as a combo for I think under $9).  Extremely fast service, they made our meals directly to order; took literally around 2 minutes.  We came early, a little before 11am so there was no busy rush.  It's good for what it is; just be aware nothing is toasted or hot; they only serve cold sandwhiches.  I'd give it a 3.5 if I could, but I'll round up for fast service.
4	My sister in law and her fiance took us to Jimmy Johns after discovering it. The location is really convenient to us, which is great.I enjoyed my sandwich. The branding is a little intense. EVERYTHING, right down to the chips, is branded with the Jimmy John's logo. It's all good but it's a little crazy.The sandwiches are big and the cookies they sell by the register are huge! Prices don't seem too bad either. A nice sandwich stop.
5	I love Jimmy John's and am extremely happy to have one closer to my house!
4	I have to say I love jimmy john's....  I tried it when it first opened and I have to say that I am a regular.  Since I eat here so often I wish that they would  issue stamp cards so I can get a free sandwich...  = )  (hint, hint)  Oh well I'm sure I'll  be back... I always get the #9, its soo good. They make the sandwiches so fast and I heard that they deliver.
5	I have no idea what makes their veggie sandwiches better than anyone else's but it's the only thing I order when we stop at Jimmy John's!  They are so tasty!!  They are known for being 'fast'  .. and it's no hype ... my sandwich is usually done by the time I'm done paying!  We are also fans of their low-fat chips .. they don't taste 'low fat' but I'm going with it!
5	My first visit to JImmy John's Power road, and It was fantastic!  The cashier new regulars by name and their orders:)  That alone makes them top notch in my book.  I will return
4	I think the best kept secret of Jimmy John's is the wheat bread. I'm consistenly a Bootlegger Club (high protein, no cheese) and a pickle. I love a good dill pickle!
3	Average sandwich...tuna was bland.
3	I dont know why I've never noticed it before but I actually hate their greeting as I walk in. The last thing I want to hear is a bunch of impersonal HI'S!!! or HELLO!!! as I walk in from about 10 different people.  I really don't like eating inside this specific location as it seems much louder than others I've been to in the past. I usually get my sandwhich then head next door to Five Guys and just buy a drink so I can sit and enjoy my meal in quiet. That being said I simply love their subs. Their mayo is the best hands down and pretty much makes the sandwhich. I looked up their nutritional value online and unfortunately at 700 calories per sub it wasn't looking too great as a healthy alternative to the surrounding fast food places. Still if I'm craving a sandwhich I'd prefer Jimmy Johns over other sub sandwhich places. Subway *cough*
5	Love the fast service when too lazy to cook. The food is great.
5	I eat here a lot. It's a good value for the price. Then sandwhiches are better then subway and way cheaper! Love them.
2	Heard good things.  They aren't true.  Very little meat.  Lettuce and cucumber sandwich, pasty bread. Nothing special, just fastfood.
4	This was the first time we had Jimmy Johns.  And we used the delivery service.  I had the BLT and man was it good.  My husband had a roast beef and Mom had ham and cheese.  And the delivery was super fast.  We defiantly will eat here again!
5	BEST SUBS IN THE VALLEY. so delicious, always super fast and very friendly. never dissapointed.
1	Was going to order online.. The entire process was such a hassle and in the end I was told I cannot order online.. I guess I can take my business and money elsewhere.. If there was a way to rate with negative stars, I certainly would!!
2	Gourmet, I think NOT!  More like production built tasteless subs with music so loud my wife had to turn her hearing aides off. You can't even get regular chips, everything is branded and did I mention that the music is really REALLY loud! No I would not recommend this to anyone that does have ear buds playing their own loud music and wanting a tasteless sandwich.
5	I love Jimmy Johns!!! It is one of my favorite sandwich places. Scratch that, it is my only favorite sandwich place. They are delecious! The staff of course is always very fast, if you are new to Jummy Johns prepare for a little anxiety when ordering lol.
5	Had my first experience here yesterday, and the first thing I noticed was that everyone seemed to be enjoying their job. The folks behind the line were chatting and smiling (with each other and customers)  while working as fast as the wind! (two things you rarely see happen at the same time) Being a first timer, the fellow taking my order helped me out a bit, We went for a #5 Vito (Italian)  #9 Italian Night Club  and a Gargantuan (tons of different meats all double amount, it's 2-3 meals in one bun!) What distinguishes JJ' to me is that everything tastes so fresh. The meats and cheese taste like they were just sliced, not sliced days before and vacuum packed. And I know the bread at Subway is baked fresh, but this bread just tastes fresher and better. I thought I would miss the extra flavors and such subway offers but I didn't. Quality ingredients really shined through.  I had them put extra vinaigrette and hot peppers (not really that hot) to add a little depth of flavor, and it was far from over soggy, but worked out just right.Is this the best sub I've ever had in my life? Nope, but at a average of $6 apiece it's a surprise and best Bang For Buck sub I've ever had. And it IS one of the freshest tasting subs I've had in recent memory. They also will deliver just one sub, most places have a $10 minimum, how refreshing is that?As to complaints about the music, I found the music to be no louder than most places. Quieter than 5 Guys, MUCH louder than Village Inn.
4	Always friendly and quick service. Their bread is fantastic.
2	I generally enjoy Jimmy John's and this place is literally 1 mi from my house, which are the only reasons I continue to give this location business. The employees are mentally very slow and they have screwed up my sandwich on several occasions. I don't order anything difficult either, usually just no tomato and sometimes I request mayo on a slim. NOT VERY COMPLICATED STUFF. It's Jimmy John's. It's relatively fast and cheap. Liek the saying goes "Fast, Cheap, Good. Pick two, cause you'll rarely find all three. I dread going in to order just because I can feel the level of "idiot" in that place and it's stressfull.
5	Awesome and FREAKY fast! I don't know how they do it but I love it!
2	I worked here for a month and a half.  This place isn't what it's cracked up to be.  The place is clean, I will give it that, but it's definitely not my go to place for sandwiches.  They only offer cold sandwiches and the quality isn't that great.  I'd go other places.
5	Getting our quick jimmy john's fix. All sandwiches are hella good here. Always fresh as you order. I love this place. No matter sandwich you get, you can't never go wrong. Fast service is always a plus. It's better than subway, just saying.
2	Usually love this place, and dig the #5 Vito...figured out the secret to how fast they are...they forget to add meat to their sandwich!! Not happy and very hungry!!
2	Two words: MAYO and Bread. Too much mayo and the bread is stiff. I can make the same sandwich at home and that doesn't say much for Jimmy John's. I've ordered from here and I've been in the store. Yes you are left to fend for your own bag, napkins etc. I give them all the credit for getting me the sandwich extremely quick, but the quality of the subs are average. If I was ever to like one particular sub out of them all it would be the Gargantuan. I don't know if I'd order from them if I have the time and could drive over to Jersey Mike's. Great for being in a pinch.
5	I know you can't expect the world from a fast food sandwich shop but Jimmy John's is seriously awesome. The subs are leagues beyond Subway and they really are "freaky fast". I really think they make a delicious sandwich here.
1	For a place that says they deliver their delivery radius is very small. I live less then 5 miles from 3 jimmy john's locations and none of them deliver to my apartment complex, which is 2.5 mile from one of the locations.
5	The best sandwich place! I love their sandwich! Always fresh and customer service are excellent. I don't have to wait forever for my order!
5	This place is great and has some different items on the menu. The one we went to make us made upset when I forgot to order my sub with cucumbers and they had to get a manager to get them. A bit dumb.I order the sandwich with the whole grain bread but peel off the crust. It is a bit too much for me.
5	Always been a Jimmy Johns fan. Ordered tonight and there is a storm. They called to tell us they were running a bit slower than "freaky fast" and offered us free beverages. Very cool! So great to work with a company that cares about their customers and customer satisfaction. Fan of jimmy johns already but that was super legit.
4	Ok. The sandwiches are pretty good and they make them very fast. I had the Hunter Club. The bread is really nice but the roast beef is average. I enjoyed it but I think that it's a little expensive for what you get.
1	$4.50 for a Slim and $5.50 for a #1-4. Yet another price hike for this location. It's getting absurd! 3oz of meat for that price is an awful value. I'm not sure what the operators of this location are thinking, or if they are thinking. I can tell you this much- they've priced themselves out of consideration for my family. Definitely not worth the value. OVERPRICED!!
5	The staff is always fast and very friendly. Try the beach club with extra hot peppers. It blows subway out of the water.
1	First time I had a sandwhich here. Got a Vito because I love italian sandwiches. My husband raved about the country club and said it was better than subway. He brought home my sandwich. He order extra avacado spread. I opened my sandwich and it was completely dry. I don't even the think the avacado was there. Didn't see the vinegarette either. Grossest sandwhich next to blimpies. I'd go to subway any day over this. Bread seemed bought not fresh too. And cookie in a bag. I guess I shouldn't compare it to subway but they even have fresh cookies. I'm just not impressed and won't buy from a jimmy johns.
2	Love jimmy johns by not this one. I live right around the corner so I keep going here hoping it to be as good as the rest but it's not. Staff has a lackluster attitude and sandwiches are always sub par. Bread seems to be not as fresh and they are VERY frugal with the meat. I normal get a number 5 and there were three pieces of sliced salami on it today. I think I'll finally throw in the towel for this location.
4	Very fast service and they always greet you with a smile. Only giving 4 stars because they don't have a lot of condiments. I have to get mustard packets if I want mustard on my sandwich. Jimmy Johns is way better than SubWay.  I often order the bread by itself.
