5	Love Carl's Jr.  Glad there is a location a bit closer to us.Breakfast today starts with a Hardee's breakfast biscuit sandwich.
4	Glad to have this new CJ in my area.Every time we visit the employees are so nice and interact with my daughter.Love Carl's Jr. They need to bring back the turkey club.The breakfast biscuit sandwiches are so good.
4	I'm a huge fan of the Jim Beam bourbon burger. The service is always good, staff is friendly, they give a 10% military discount which is great. Their app does not work for this location and I've told them about 5 times.
1	When we entered this place we could smell a stench like sewage backing up. However we pressed on. It was hot and we needed something to cool us down. My wife and I ordered two chocolate malts. The lady pulled out two cups from a freezer that had frozen ice cream in them and popped them in the microwave. (A little odd if you ask me. Not exactly "hand scooped and hand made" as the ads would indicate.)Then when she had thawed the ice cream enough she pulled them out of the microwave and mixed the chocolate and the malt into them. When she served them they were way below the cup line. Looked like almost half of the product that was supposed to be in them. My wife and I asked about it and the girl said: "We can't put more than eight ounces in the cup." We shrugged and took the malts and sat down. About halfway through my malt I decided to go to the Carl's Jr. website to see the actual serving size. 14.6 ounces and NOT 8 ounces. I asked for the manager. She confirmed that the product size was only eight ounces. I then showed her on the Carl's Jr. site that the serving size was SUPPOSED to be 14.6 ounces. She shrugged and said that was what the owner told them to do and I asked for his name. She wouldn't give it to me. I informed her that they were ripping off their customers and that we would let Carl's Jr. corporate office know about it.I've eaten at other Carl's Jr. locations with no problems but this particular store on Jewel should be avoided like the plague!
1	Sunday afternoon you would think they would have more than two people running the place.  I only went there to get to burgers and fries to go....  took a good 10 mins before my order was placed.   waited another 30 mins for my order to be finished.   will not be  eating this location again.
4	Great place to go if you're just getting off I-10 and looking for a good burger joint. Their service is very good and their people are friendly and accomodating. The location is close by not just the freeway, but close to IKEA and other stores and shops. Their menu gives many delicious options and combos, as well as value items and side items. They score big with me also because they have Coke Zero. Always a plus in my book!
