3	Ok, so overall this is a good CFA (although it could never beat the one on Woodlawn @ Park), and it's uber-convenient for me since it's around the corner from my house.  However where they need to improve is their DRIVE-THRU customer service (inside service is always great).  More specifically, they need to pay more attention to orders taken at the drive-thru.  Now I am admittedly more critical than most in the cust service arena (c/s trainer here) and the occasional mistake is to be expected & overlooked, but my gosh; more often than not these days it seems that there's always "something" with the ordering process here, and Daniel's nerves are about shot.  There's also one employee, that out of kindness will remain nameless, that tends to fowl things up more than others, so when I hear her name come over the speaker I cringe. Anyhoo...So VERY often I seem to pull up to the window & the person that took my order missed something completely (like this morning, requiring a second CC transaction...annoying), or I check my order & something has been left off, or a special request wasn't filled.  FAR too often I've ordered a DELUXE chicken sandwich and received a "regular" chicken sandwich (but it's correct on the receipt).  Last week I ordered a spicy chicken deluxe and received, yet again, a regular chicken sandwich.  I could go on, but how boring would that be, right?! :)I learned a long time ago that I MUST check my order before leaving, or I'll have to return to have something corrected.  Part of what irritates me more than anything, is the only thing I've gotten from the mgmt there is an "I'm sorry sir."  Not even a free drink to make up for their many mistakes.   Don't get me wrong, I'm not LOOKING for a freebie by any means, but I mean c'mon now.  I spend a good bit 'o money here (and they know me well since I'm here often), so just sayin'.Aside from the sketchy drive-thru service and necessary double checking of orders, this IS a good CFA as far as quality of food goes.  And they seem to do a lot of good things for the local neighborhood (Davis Lake) - and it HAS been a welcome addition to the area since it opened.   I still prefer the location on Woodlawn @ Park Rd; they seem to be on point every time I visit.  A close second is the University CFA.
5	Chick-Fil-A never disappoints as far as fast food is concerned with me!  This location has by far the BEST customer service that I've ever had and it's consistent...every, single time!!!  Met my sister with a few of the children that I watch today for lunch and they were so attentive and brought our food to the table for us, put down place mats for the kids (which I LOVE) and refilled our drinks too!  When the kids traded their toys for ice cream (their favorite part of CFA) they were greeted at the counter (by the manager I think) and got to 'order' their own which they loved!  I don't think I've ever really had a bad experience with Chick-Fil-A anywhere, but this one rocked it today and I thought it warranted a Yelp review!  Great customer service goes a long way in my opinion whether it's a $25 a person meal or fast food - and it's great to see people who actually look like they enjoy their jobs too!Very, very pleased with my experience today and we'll definitely visit this location again (and again) !
4	I really enjoy stopping by this Chick-Fil-A on my way home from the University area.  Service is always quick and pleasant and I can get in and out quickly!
4	if you've been to a Chick-Fil-A you know what you can expect - great service, great food, a select variety of condiments, and an overall clean friendly atmosphere, and the Chick-Fil-A @ Davis Lake doesn't disappoint.This is often a stop for me on the way to work.  I have a few staple menu items:  the chicken/sausage breakfast burrito, chicken, the chicken egg/cheese on a multigrain bagel, and the famous Chick-Fil-A minis.  All of these items are filling, tasty and are consistent each and every time you order them.The service is nothing short of excellent.  The attendants are always polite, courteous and friendly.  Furthermore, in some strange way, the people that work here feel somewhat authentic in their politeness.The parking lot can sometimes be tricky to navigate, but nothing to crazy.The only downside about this place is that it can be somewhat pricey.  But the fact that this location regularly has free breakfast give aways more than makes up the pricey menu.If you like Chick-Fil-A you'll be perfectly satisfied with this location.
5	For the first time, I am giving a fast food spot 5 stars. Why?? Because they exceed expectations every single time. Hands down best customer service of any fast food place, every staff member is super helpful and polite. Also ending everything with "it's my pleasure." Now I am sure they are trained to say it, but it also seems like they genuinely mean it. How many other fast food places come around to your table if you are dining in, and ask if you need refills on your drinks. None that I can think of, except for something like Showmars, which I categorize slightly differently that your "typical fast food'.Food is always hot and fresh, I have never had an order messed up, can't say that about any other fast food.So the moral of this review is, in a fast food world, this is a 5 star experience. 5 stars like a steakhouse downtown, maybe not, but they have earned their 5 fast food stars for sure. Thanks Chick-Fil-A!!Now you just have to open on Sundays!!! lol
5	Best service I have had in any fast food place ever!
5	You are greeted as soon as you walk in by a very friendly staff. Food was excellent, ordered the fried chicken sandwich platter with a tasty lemonade.Manager came around all the tables offering free refills. You can't beat that. Glad I stopped in, great lunch on Tuesday!
5	Sometimes I feel awkward here. Sometimes they are so nice it makes you feel guilty. Sometimes when the drive thru lady starts making conversation it gets creepy. Why are you talking to me? Why are you asking me questions? Why do you care about the angry smirk on my face? Can't you just leave me alone so I can wallow in my own self pity?No matter how grumpy I am, no matter how bad traffic is, these a#$h0les always seem to ruin it and make my day less of a S##T Storm. Lucky for them my lil' angel loves their nuggets and refuses to eat any other nuggets from anywhere else. If it wasn't for her, I'd avoid this super nice, always friendly, poor excuse of a restaurant that makes the best chicken sandwich in the world with a super sized side of smiles.
4	There has to be a camp somewhere they brainwash their employees to be so damn nice that it can border on creepy.  The place is also clean, orders are out quickly no matter how many people are there and food quality is better than average for fast food.If you go during the morning try the chikin minis, they're addictive and calorie / sodium count isn't horrible.
