4	Charming little place for a simple French lunch on the near East side, sharing space with Bon Appetit Cafe.  Small menu, but what I ate -- buckwheat crepes (a speciality of Brittany), filled with potato, big chunks of bacon, and gruyere -- was a real pleasure.Open for lunch only, except for a special French dinner the third Thursday night of each month.
5	I felt like I was in Paris! I had really superb "pistou" soup and French crepes. A fun touch: Nanou brought out the dishes herself in this intimate little east side restaurant (in shared space with the also excellent Bon Appetit).
4	Had brunch there recently and I was super impressed. The Onion soup was almost like a stew, rich and full of garlic and seasoning.  Possibly the best I have had in Madison.I had the potato and bacon crepe and it was fabulous, perfectly cooked potatoes and a bechamel sauce that was incredibly rich and satisfying without being overwhelming or gross.  I'm a little lactose intolerant but a really well prepared sauce is not a problem, and in this case it was perfect.  I can't wait to have it again.My ladies Croque was also quite a pleasure.All in all an excellent addition to one of the best neighborhoods in the city for great food.  I can't wait to go back, but I suppose I should hit the gym a bit first.
4	Paris!! and right on Willy Street too!I went there for lunch and was extremely happy to find another place in Mad town where the people CARE about food. Treated myself to the hard cider -served in a petite carafe alongside a cute hand-thrown pottery mug/glass. a good start.Had the buckwheat crepe "Parisienne"- which was filled w/ ham, mushrooms, gruyere and bechamel sauce. It was PERFECT and came with a side salad of baby greens.This is a tiny place - only 8 tables- it is now open for some dinners - and DOES take credit cards.My only tiny negative comment is that they need to upgrade their silverware. They have the cheapest tinniest stuff and it actually detracted from the eating experience. Given the excellent food, the cute plates and handmade mug - the silverware did not fit. they would do fine to go get some funky mismatched heavier silver/stainless at St Vinnys.I will definitely go back to try more crepes and desserts. They apparently have an in-house pastry chef and I want to try everything! Confession: I have a weak spot for creme brulee.We will go back for dinner also, as they said they always have specials and will have Cassoulet and lamb this winter.It is not the cheapest cafe - but think of how much you save by not taking that plane trip to Paris!
4	Had a great meal at Chez Nanou Friday night. There were so many yummy sounding options that I'll have to go back soon! It's quite a small space so I would recommend making a reservation as diners tend to linger. Pros-Great selection of charcuterie and French cheesesSpecials highlight seasonal ingredients, fresh and deliciousEspresso Amazing desertsCons-Don't go to Chez Nanou if you're in a rush. As long as you enjoy a long relaxing meal and have good company to talk to you'll love it!
5	My boyfriend and I had a wonderful lunch here.  I had the crepe with brie and prosciutto.  It was excellent.  I also had the Kir cocktail, which was great.  It's a cute, romantic cafe.
3	Food was very tasty and the presentation  was exceptional.  I would have preferred a larger portion. It seems in France you get generous portions, but French restaurants in the U.S. Not so much. It seemed a little pricey for the amount of food.
5	If you were to dine here you'd be so lucky to have Amy as your server. Quite possibly the best waitress I've had. She is friendly, approachable, knowledgeable, and has the "speedy but not too speedy" ratio down solid. Everything here is in a perfect medium. Comfortable, relaxing, romantic, and authentic. All that Nanou strived to bring with her from France. The food is fresh and prepared delicately. Portions are fit to price. Everything on the menu, no matter if you've had it before, leaves you with a sense of nostalgia. I'd make sure to set up a reservation, especially if you have a large party, as seating is very limited and diners tend to linger and enjoy themselves here.
4	We tried to go to Forequarter, but there was a two-hour wait, so instead we decided to try this place, where none in our party had been before. And what a huge treat! The food was divine, the service attentive, and the atmosphere was downright darling. We'll be back!
3	This is a really cute place, but otherwise I wasn't entirely impressed. The service was really slow and the food wasn't all that great. I could have made something better at home. My guy and I met with some friends for brunch one Saturday. I love French food so I was really excited. Crepes? Yes please! I ordered the mushroom crepe. It tasted like mushroom and crepe, but there wasn't much else going on. Some onion, salt, cheese, and a light sauce would have been nice.He got the boeuf bourguignon. It was good, but I could have easily made it at home. If I'm going to pay around $20 for a restaurant dish, then I want to be impressed. I'm tempted to give this place 2 stars, but I have a feeling that their french toast and more rich entrees are decent. Maybe I will return to try them out--maybe.
2	This place USED to be so great, what happened?? The last 3 times we went there we were very unimpressed and have pretty much given up. Each time the service was very slow, the help acts like they are overwhelmed and don't know what to do. But worse of all, the food has become ordinary! Something has definitely changed there and not for the better.
4	My wife & I can't figure out why we waited so long to check this gem of a bistro out.  Nanou is charming and serves authentic food from the south of France.  The French Onion Gratinee is amazing!
5	If you ever want to escape to France for a few hours for brunch, try this place.Everyone's nice and friendly, not to mention willing to give you some free French lessons. Place is quaint and cozy. Food is delicious. Croque Monsieur was absolutely unforgettable. The Morroccon Tea was so good. The French toast is probably the best you will get here in Madison. Didn't get to try the Nutella crepe, but I'm pretty sure it would've been unforgettable as well.
4	What a great lunch! I visited Chez Nanou today with my parents and was pretty impressed overall. The place is cozy and comfortable, with beautiful decorations and the perfect music. I had the Montagnarde crepe--brie, prosciutto, and an egg on top. The buckwheat crepe is really hearty, and it came with a little side salad to wash everything down. My dad had the French onion soup and my mom had a nicoise salad. I'm not a fan of either dish in general, but they said each was amazing. Then we split two sweet crepes: nutella and lemon curd. Fresh from the griddle and delicious!Our only complaint was the slow service (I think a few other people here noticed it as well). But, it's two days before Christmas so they seemed to be down their usual staff, and Nanou makes each dish herself in the kitchen, so I guess that should be expected. I wish I lived in Madison so I could come here more often! I think I will try the Norvegienne crepe next.
5	This is lovely and couzy place to eat authentic and amazingly  crafted french food. The decor  is extremely  welcoming as well as the staff. I came here for Christmas eve lunch with  my parents and both loved the food and place, which is difficult  since they don't  like to eat out. I would recommend  this for a romantic  date or to anybody  who likes little and cute places that offer high quality food.
4	Had a great brunch with friends. Everything was delicious (especially the French Hot Chocolate with a hint of orange blossom). Portions are just perfect and everything has that great homemade quality. Service was a bit slow but it was a quiet, snowy day so I wasn't too put off. My only wish is that there was a bit more variety on the menu during brunch. Other than that, I'll be back frequently.
