4	Harry's took over when Baba's left the old Herreman's. We went for happy hour on a Friday and had some great apps with our tap beers. Harry is really open to suggestions and we had a great talk with him. We didn't eat but will be going back for dinner in the near future. Far more cheerful and bright in the bar and restaurant and great service!
1	Nasty.   Bad food.  Rude,  indifferent staff.  1 star is being generous.
2	To sum it up somewhat briefly, here are the high (low) lights:1) Walked by on Saturday night; a sign advertising the Harry Burger with a side for $6. Decided to check it out.  When we ordered the special - we were told that the sign was for their lunch, and that "I guess nobody brought the sign in yet". Not a big deal, it was only a buck more, but I noticed that no one went and got the sign, even after we said something. 2) When we entered, we were greeted by women trying to sell us spa products. Odd.  They were handing out silk roses, which was nice; but trying to collect email addresses and "giveaway" products.  Uh huh...3) Sat at the bar - waited quite a long time for service, considering there were three people behind the bar.  Once we got them, the drinks were tasty! However, the drink pricing was a bit high for Sun Prairie. ($15 for two Korbel Old Fashioneds seemed a bit much.)4) Ordered our food at the bar and then were told that "during their rush" we were not allowed to eat at the bar - so we should grab a table and he'd bring the food out.  Rush? (It was 6:45, and there were plenty of free seats at the bar.) This wouldn't have been a problem except the two small TV's were hard to see from the table and it was the first day of College Football.  Doh!5) After a pretty long wait, our burgers came out.  Our appetizer hadn't come out yet. When they did, the cheese curds were hot and decent, but reminded me of something off the Schwann's truck.  6) Burgers were ok, nothing special about them.7) Waffle fries were good.  I really wanted to like this place.  Unfortunately, there was nothing that stood out enough to go back for.
4	Great chicken wings - they tried but didn't survive. Now Closed.
