4	I needed a new suit recently, and had an outstanding experience here.  The sales associate at the Men's Wearhouse was very professional and cordial.  When i described what I what looking for, he showed me the perfect suit.The jacket sleeves and pants legs were a little long, but they tailored them to a perfect fit for me within a couple of days.
3	I just started shoping ay the Mens wearhouse this summer. this store has some good employes the other day I went in to find some pants I wanted to get to match a vest i had bought earlier in the summer. they did not have my size in the style I wanted so the women specail ordered them for me. she thhen called me when thye came in. And if you did not know it is stotre policy to taylor all garments you buy free of charge. I will be getting some more suits soon.
3	Came in and needed a tuxedo for my son's prom. They did offer a $49.99 tux, but it looked as if it was from the 90's and didn't come with shoes. So, of course they got you. $165 later my son does indeed have a nice looking tuxedo and it fit him really well. They were great in getting it in on time, and yes, you do pay an extra $20 for that. With so many other places we may try someplace else next year.
1	I purchased 2 suits at 650.00 dollars. Two weeks later the same two suits end up going on sale for 400.00. I asked if they will let me return and repurchase under the new sale price to give me some room to buy shirts and ties and was quickly denied. Once they get your money, they don't care about you. I ended up calling another location and the store manager at the east twain location accommodated my request. If you want true customer service, don't come here and go to the east twain location.
1	I will NEVER use this place again and will NEVER recommend this particular store to any one.  The service at this store is terrible and quite honestly I am not impressed with their product either.  We were in there a little over a week ago to make arrangements for four rentals.  Nothing but shoes were tried on!  My husband went in for a fitting in California, not only was he measured and tried everything on but the service was nice and professional.   $800.00 in tux rentals and we have to ask to have them steamed!  Oh and to top it off you give my son a childs size shoe with an adult size tux???   Professionalism and service should be a priority, especially now days.  Four people in the store and only one actually helping another customer, the other three were watching a video, which was unacceptable.  Then there was the personal phone call on the company phone...I don't care that you had a baby 5 months ago or that it was a girl this time, which you announced very loudly! And I don't care that you have a new manager (apparently they aren't doing a very good job either) and I don't care who is there and who is gone.  Hang up the damn phone and take care of your customers.  And another thing, if you are going to steam a tux maybe it should be cooled before putting it back on the hanger and you should make sure that all folds are straightened.  I WILL NEVER GO THERE AGAIN and I suggest you don't either!!!
3	3 stars ONLY BECAUSE...my daughter got sick to her stomach in their store...in front of all the other customers in there. BAHAHA, at least she made it into a trashcan thanks to quick thinking on her father's part when he took it from behind the registers and rushed it to her. They were really nice and understanding about it, even let her use their personal restroom and asked her if she was okay and offered some water. OTHERWISE, honestly 2 stars. We were there for tux rentals. They had the jacket, pants and shoes to try on, but none of the vests, shirts, ties or bow ties. We wanted to see what the whole ensemble would look like before making a final decision but that is not an option, at least not at this location, because they only had swatch samples. Also, very poor color and design selection for vests and ties. They lack variety. I bet it's safe to assume if you went through a Men's Wearhouse company for your wedding or prom...you probably have the same (or very similar) tux as half the other guys at the event. Since Deanna directed us straight towards Vera Wang's collection first and then two other styles and not bothering to mention any of the other tux on display I'm almost certain that that is routine for all the other workers, so we are all most likely renting one of the 3 styles they first and foremost try to sell us on. Does that make sense? I don't know, it's making sense to me in my head though, hah. But ultimately we are still renting from them, so I guess it is what it is and I shouldn't complain, haha.
5	I bought a suit there last year and pulled out the pants to wear and they had fallen to the bottom of the garment bag and were wrinkled like an accordion. No dry cleaner could help me on such short notice at 5 pm on a Saturday. I called them, and they said no problem. I was out in less than 10 minutes, no hassle from a friendly staff. That's how a business gets repeat business. They'll certainly have mine! The pants looked like new to boot.
