2	Went here for lunch shortly after this new location opened because friends wanted to try it.  Macado's is one of those places you'd imagine existing as an "American" restaurant in a foreign country.  Its walls are tiled with every bit of stereotypical kitsch imaginable from rock and roll to sports to fake antique carousel horses.  There are big TVs everywhere -- like, two 4' TVs literally right next to each other on the wall showing the exact same thing (maybe so you can cross your eyes and get 3D?).  The food is what you'd expect from a place like that -- mainly enormous, messy, meat sandwiches.  They're OK but nothing that's going to make you say "OMG I have to hit up Macado's and get that amazing totally unique giant meat sandwich again".  If you want competently prepared, bland, non-adventurous food, in an environment that makes you feel like it's 1984 again and you're on top of the world, this may just be your place.
4	Good bar staff, lots of options for sandwiches and beverages. Good eats at a good price.
1	Stopped in after the panthers Game yesterday........Never been here before and will never go back......Food sucks......Nachos is better at the game......Reuben, had tuff meat inside my husband wouldn't eat it.
3	I came here to celebrate with a friend after my last presentation for a class. This restaurant is pretty neat, however past experiences here has made me feel iffy here.This time around, it wasn't so bad. I ordered the titanic with the French dip to dunk it in. Last time it took forever for the food to come out, but this time it was around 10 min. The food was pretty fresh, and they have a lot of choices in sandwiches. Take your time and read all the combinations. This restaurant is also neatly located right near campus, and their drinks aren't too bad. Depending on what you're trying to drink and what is for the special this place isn't bad.I had two coronas (2.95 on Wednesdays) so yeah, not bad.
4	This was my first visit to this location and I wasn't disappointed.  Located in the oft changed building in the Harris Teeter shopping center, I hope it can remain in business longer than it's predecessors! We had a group of 12 celebrating my sister's birthday and the Macado's menu is perfect for a group due to its varied menu!  My husband and I ordered the chips and queso app and it was okay, nothing special there.  I ordered the Atlantis which had grilled chicken breast, lettuce, roasted red peppers, Swiss, red pepper pesto mayo, hot on ciabatta bread....$7.75.  It was REALLY good.  My husband order a burger and was pleased with how it was cooked and with the fries that accompanied it.We'd visit again to try something new from the MANY choices!
3	Good sandwich variety and appetizers at decent prices.Nothing bad or great to say about it. similar to an Applebee's but with sandwiches.
4	Solid 4 in my book.  The menu is ginormous as was my beer.  I happened to go there on a night were the 32oz beers were on special.  They basically take a HUGE margarita glass and fill it with beer.  High visual impact, plus the beer you normally drink seems daunting when it comes out.I decided on a burger and was pleasantly surprised when it didn't fall apart on me halfway through due to greasiness.  The food did take a while to come out - mostly my fault since I was the only one that ordered something hot... everyone else's sandwiches were cold.Overall, the server and the whole experience was a good one.  I'll be back to tackle another margarita glass of beer someday!
4	great food and inexpensive
4	Nice atmosphere with a huge menu plus a good selection of adult beverages. That's a hard combination to beat!
2	I have had a pretty good experience at the Maccado's at concord mills so I figured I would give this one a try.  I don't think I will ever go again.  The service was slow.  The spinach dip was not hot and it seemed like the waiter was unimpressed when we sent it back.  Then when I got my burger it was like a hockey puck.  It was probably cooked for about 5 minutes more than it should have been.  The sandwiches that my wife and brother weren't that impressive either.  Considering this is only about 50 feet from my bento asian restaurant (which is one of my favorites) there would be no reason for me to ever go back here again.  And I love sandwiches.
4	By Far one of my Favorite places in the University Area for college students. I think its the universities most underutilized resource for college students. Macado's has food and drink specials every day of the week that are pretty good on real food items and not just something that they want to "push" that to empty out inventory. The staff is cool and pretty relaxed. This is the perfect place for a group of college students to go out close to campus have decent food and drink and not spend a fortune trying to do it.
4	Macado's is a solid choice for a meal in the University area.  The ambiance is sports/pub-ish.  Dark wood covers the bar and tables with flat screen TV's scattered throughout the restaurant.  We went during a down-time at about 2:00.  Our server was friendly, and our food was delivered correctly and relatively fast.  As a vegetarian, I will say that they menu is not very friendly.  I really had to look for veggie options.  I selected the portabello quesadilla and it was terrific.  I was skeptical about broccoli being in my quesadilla but I took a chance and really liked it.  I also had a side of coleslaw which was a bit unusual.  It almost has a mesquite flavor to it.  It wasn't bad but I am a more traditional fan.  Friday's they also offer half price glasses of house wine.  I fully took advantage of some pretty decent cab.  Overall, this is a casual, good, decently priced place.  Oh, and UNCC athletes get a discount!
5	great sandwich spot....they have kool-aid....what more could a girl want
1	Worst Macado's I have ever experienced. The service here is some of the worst I have had anywhere. I have been here on three occasions, all Saturdays. It took way too long for our waitress to acknowledge  us; the orders for the food were correct; however, we ordered two schooners and they weren't full at all like they were supposed to be. We ordered a Pinot, we never received it and 30 minutes later when we asked that it be taken off of the check our waitress said she was sorry she forgot to tell us that they ran out of Pinot. They could have walked to Total Wine and back with Pinot by then. I would understand if the restaurant was busy but it's hard for me to understand why the service is so terrible when there are so few customers. We have decided not to visit this Macado's anymore; we will be driving to the one at Concord Mills from now on.
4	The food was good and the service was good.  Good ambiance, sort of 'sports bar' relaxed feel.  Unfortunately I cannot tolerate MSG so I can't come back.
4	We are fans of Macado's. Great selection of sandwiches and pastas. The awesome decor and names of the sandwiches are always fun. Personally, I love the Titanic which is a HUGE steak sandwich, also I like the Julius Ceasar, a great tasting chicken parm. I would also recommend the wings, boneless or bone in.  This is a fun place to eat, visit with friends and have a few drinks.
2	After driving by Macado's countless times, we decided to give it a try on a rainy Sunday. At 1pm, it seemed relatively quiet. We were seated quickly; our server came over quickly and got our drink orders. She came back with the drinks and took our food orders. We ordered an appetizer of the warm pretzels; my dining companion ordered the black & blue salad; I ordered the pretzel dog.After that, things went downhill. It took a while for our appetizer to show up (warm pretzels, not bad, 3.5/5 stars.) We finished them, we finished our drinks, and we sat. The table near us that was seated after us, and also ordered appetizers, was served their entree. We sat with empty drinks. We sat. And then we sat. Eventually, our server showed up with our entrees, with a weird self-deprecating "FINALLY! Here it is!" It was strange, like she was acknowledging how frustrating it was that the food was slow, but not an apology. Odd. Since the menu said they served homemade chips, I had ordered my pretzel dog with chips. I figured they'd be homemade. It came with a bag of Ruffles. A bag of Ruffles is fine for a quick-stop deli, but this seemed like the sort of place where they'd at least put the chips on the plate. The pretzel dog was ... okay. The menu said "1/4 lb dog" and while I'm not going to weigh my food, this seemed smaller than that. The pretzel wrapped around the dog was tasty, but they'd put the whole thing on a grill for a while, so that one side of the pretzel had become dark and hard and barely edible.The whole experience just seemed like the entire restaurant staff - the servers and the cook staff - were just phoning it in. I was disappointed - what I'd hoped would be a quick lunch ended up taking about an hour; the food was OK but nothing special. It's possible that they were having an off day, but frankly there are enough good dining options in the University area that I don't see a reason to return to give them another shot.
4	Food was really good. We went on a Thursday night where they have 2 for 1 appetizers (helluva lot of food). The service was also great. I will be visiting a lot more often.
5	Love the bartender Jeana, she makes the most awesome Margarita and always serves us with a smile.   A++++++
1	We have been going here and my main complaint is that they take forever to bring out your food. When we go is for burger day on Tuesday and go after 4 so our daughter eats free. Also the portion on the fries always but always vary. It's either very little or a lot.We will stop going here. The last visit was very disappointing we always order waters and this time was not an exception food took long like always. After finishing our meal and asking for the check realized they charged us for our daughters meal. When asking the waitress she said their was a minimum of 7 a person in order for my daughter to eat free. New rule? Well she just starred at us and wouldn't budge. Really? We just paid and left. But won't be going back. A heads up on the NEW RULE would have helped.
4	Love the atmosphere, food in abundance
5	This place is awesome, service staff is great, food is not good, it's excellent. I eat here all the time, kids night on Tuesday, wing night on Monday and Sunday, Thursday is buy 1Get 1 apps, the girls that work here are adorable too!
2	Food is okay, not a big fan of getting an actual bag of lays chips with my meal. Prices are cheap but they really need better service. Could benefit from a college night or something of the sort. Not a repeat location.
4	Damn good sandwich- roast beef and bacon with Swiss on rye bread. The house chips are sort of mediocre, but the cheese fries are good. I like the extensive custom drink menu, and the sandwich options are really nice. The restaurant itself is sort of bland, but the server was nice enough and when there was a problem with my sandwich I got a replacement back really quickly. Really reasonably priced too. I'd go back if I wanted a sandwich that wasn't from Subway.
5	We had sesame ginger, baby rays honey bbq, and kickin bourbon wings. They were very good. The fried pickles spears were good, and so were bacon and cheese potato skins. The pizza was not bad either my 6 year old enjoyed it. The gourmet mushroom burger with a portabello mushroom, lettuce, tomato, and swiss cheese was cooked to perfection and the hamburger bun was hot and toasted just right. The ruben was just ok. The vanilla milkshake was really good. Our waitress Ella B. was awesome!
5	Really great sandwiches. Service is less than great but I don't rate a restaurant by the wait staff if I did there would be a lot of 2.5 when I want a great sandwich I go to Macados!
5	Love the variety of items!
2	I really wanted to give Macado's a better rating than 2 stars because I grew up frequenting the one in my hometown in VA... but I just can't.We've recently eaten at this Macado's because we've been in the area and we have had strange/bad experiences the past 3 times. The first time, I ordered a Diet Dr. Pepper and the waitress (who seemed pretty young) told me that they didn't carry it. I knew they did because I've ordered it there before, but she was insistent that they didn't. Later she came back and said that she realized they did carry it and asked if I wanted a glass. It would have been better customer service if she had just said she wasn't sure and she would check. The whole thing was just strange.The second time, we had the same waitress as the first incident. I ordered the Southwestern Fiesta Salad, which comes with tortilla chips. I know that it comes with chips because it is what I have ordered every single time I've been there. When my meal came out with no chips, I asked the waitress about it and she told me it didn't come with chips. I politely told her I was pretty sure it did, and she responded that her manager was the one who made the salad and he would have put chips with it if it was supposed to have chips. When she came back to check on us, I showed her in the menu where it said in print that the dish came with chips. Then she finally brought them to me and apologized. I'm sorry, but this is just horrible customer service. We just ate there again today. Ordered the same thing I always do and it came out with no chips. My husband asked our waitress about it (not the same one, thankfully), and she said she would bring them out. She was also working the bar so I know she was busy, but it took her a long time and we were finished with the meal by the time she brought them out. I realize it's just chips but if it is part of the meal then the cooks should know what goes with each item.These are just small things but I don't think we will be back anymore.On top of all of this, we were sitting at a table directly across from a ceiling leak. The ceiling was dripping all over a booth and the booth was warped. It looked like this was not a new repair.
4	I went to Macado's on a Monday for their 39 cent wing special. I had the spicy Thai wings and they were very good. I was seated towards the back of the restaurant where I couldn't really see people or the front door, which was kind of awkward because it was pretty empty in there. My server was nice, but he did get missing for long periods of time, possibly because I was sitting so far away from everyone else. The only catch was that ranch & blue cheese was 75 cents apiece. I don't mind paying extra for ranch, but it's kind of ridiculous that it cost twice as much as the wings, but it's not that big of a deal. Overall, I enjoyed my experience at Macado's.
5	I ordered a chicken teriyaki taco (with fries) to go, so I can't comment on the actual dining in experience. The food was fantastic. The tacos were soft, so they went great with the crispy chicken. I loved the fries, as they were fully cooked. Crispy on the outside, soft in the middle! The place wasn't especially busy on the Sunday night that I went. To her credit, the bartender was very attentive and answered all questions.Macado's has a large number of sandwiches, tacos, and wraps.  I need to try them all! You should too.
1	Not good :/ found a hair in my food and waitress did nothing about it (left it sitting on the table actually...gross). Lots to choose from on the menu though! Unfortunately I most likely won't go back.
4	Great place for a beer, and sandwich.  100 percent my favorite cole slaw aside from my own.  The staff is very courteous and prompt. There is normally a game of some type on the television. If you eat in the dinning area, the food is hot or cold as requested and if something isn't right they correct the issue and normally comp something.  Personally I am a huge fan of the chicken salad wrap, and the Chinese grill chicken wrap, my dad likes the roast beef dip.  The cinnamon bun is AMAZING. If you are in the university area and want a sandwich. This is the best place in the area.
