4	When I moved to Scottsdale in October of '07, I toyed with the idea of doing some personal training.  I had just gotten certified at my old gym in Madison, WI - the Monkey Bar Gymnasium - as a 'Natural Trainer', so I set out looking for a place where I might fit in.After talking to all the major gyms, as well as a handful of smaller ones, the guys at Peak Performance Personal Training were the ONLY guys I felt comfortable working with.  They - Tony and Dan - work out of a smallish studio / gym in Arcadia, and to make a long story short - they're awesome.  They're real, they're fun, and they'll make sure that you accomplish any goal you set out to.The studio is comfy, the music doesn't get beamed in on a satellite, and there's a park across the street that they like to use for workouts.  They'll work around your schedule, and they'll help you look and feel great.  I still plan on working with them in the future, but I'm a little too busy to do so at the moment... however I'm not too busy to recommend them - and I recommend them highly.
5	Everyone in life has ambitions. I always wanted to be in tip-top shape; i just never thought it was possible. Until I moved to Phoenix. Until I met Austin and began to work with him. (I'm still a work in progress...)I've never lifted weights before. But, now I can't hammer it home loud enough for women: weight training will change your body - for the better! Austin, my trainer, showed me that... the proof is easy to see when you stand before the mirror and see muscle definition, when you feel better about your body, when you walk with more confidence, and when your clothes start to fit differently. Not that I was ever overweight. I was just carrying around a little extra insulation. And let's face it, you don't really need that in Phoenix. So, I started training with Austin in Feb of 2007 and I haven't stopped. At Peak Performance, he challenges me. He devises the workouts and is happy to explain technique, the body's response, health, nutrition, the in's and out's of setting up different routines, the importance of stability, how to strength train, how to balance cardio with yoga... I can't even begin to explain how much I've learned. Nor did I ever believe I'd love working out with a trainer like I do. He knows his stuff and he seems to truly care about his clients. He likes to understand what motivates you so he can work with your best qualities. Even better, he wants you to learn, so that you can workout on your own and continue to see results. For me, I'm an ex-athlete (will always be an athlete at heart) and he knows this. That's why he likes to mix up the routine and throw in some stability things, to improve my balance and let me escalate to more challenging workouts that top-notch athletes do to stay fit and on top of their game. I love it! The gym itself offers a full range of equipment - plenty to go through an hour's workout and "feel the burn." There's enough that you'll never have to do the same ol' routine twice, if you didn't want to. But, you're not there on your own. That's what's so great. You're there with a trainer who knows the equipment, knows your goals, knows what motivates you, knows how to craft a routine that'll help you make progress (whether it's to burn fat, gain strength, work towards something realistic). I really like this gym. The location is in the LGO area - kind of easy to miss, if you don't know what you're looking for, but there's a small marquee that says "Peak Performance Personal Training" before the entrance on the West side of 40th street JUST PASSED Campbell.Why not give it a try? If you do, make an appointment with Austin. You won't be disappointed.
5	Not only have I had other personal trainers in the past , I am also a seasoned chiropractor and certified strength and conditioning specialist (CSCS).  So when I was searching for a new trainer, I wanted someone who new even more than I did.  That's when I got introduced to Dan Siegal at Peak Performance in August of 2008. It's functional training at it's finest.  Body weight, balance, bands, kettlebells, etc...  they use functional movement to produce strength that I never thought was possible for myself.  They have showed that you could be in the best shape of your life at any age.
5	In February of 2010, I hurt my shoulder.  It was terrible.  I was in constant pain, saw many many Drs and physical therapists, and kind of gave up on ever having a normal arm ever again.  In October of 2010, I started going to Dan on my husband's recommendation.Wow.  I went from not being able to sleep without pain, to being somewhat normal, to actually getting in shape, to becoming comfortable with going to the gym, to going to yoga within a year.  Now I look fantastic.  My arms have definition.  My abs are solid (mostly).  I have workout routines, and I honestly enjoy getting exercise!The people at Peak Performance truly know the human body.  They're very sweet, and I've always felt comfortable meeting with them.  Their studio is small and comfortable.  There's no upselling or pressure to buy crazy vitamins or protein whatnot.  Peak Performance is simply smart trainers, great attitudes, and results.
5	What a great experience!  To begin, I am no stranger to exercise or working out, but gaining muscle in my arms was not something that I ever thought would happen.  This is where trainer Dan steps in! After 4 weeks (45 min, 2x a week) I have built genuine muscle in my arms. No kidding I have some of the scrawniest arms ever... but now there's a lil muscle on my chicken wings! My abs and legs have gained definition and strength as well.  Each visit was a different work out of strength training, toning and sculpting various muscle groups. Attention is paid to balance and core in a lot of the exercises. We used free weights, resistance bands, medicine balls... You name it, we worked with it! Dan keeps you moving at a nice pace, with water or stretch breaks whenever needed. He makes sure you are doing each move properly so as to get the most out of each movement while not injuring yourself.  Another bonus, if something hurts or you're having clicking or popping in a joint or muscle, Dan knows a move/stretch that will help. It was honestly a fantastic experience that was tailored to the individual.  My bf has a hard time keeping his hands off me even more than before.  Thanks Dan!!  ;)
5	I have been training here for a little over 6 months and I could not be happier with my experience.  I will be needing to add something other than just this training but to keep myself active and feeling better Tony has been an amazing help.  I have had personal training through LA Fitness and the level of service compared to the price I paid was no comparison to the training I have received at Peak Performance.  Everyone is so nice and I always have a good time when I go.  I am not one who enjoys working out, but I actually look forward to my training sessions at Peak Performance.  If you are looking for an amazing experience and need to get in shape, check this place out.  You will not regret it.
5	I started training here with Tony back in October 2011. I had tried out a couple personal trainers before him but they weren't the right fit for me. Tony is amazing, knowledgeable, professional and just an all-around fun great guy! He will help you with your goals and adapt the workouts to your level of fitness no matter what shape you are currently in. Since I am a very social person, I signed up to do the group sessions. The people I have met are all very nice and Tony is able to mold the class to fit everyone's fitness level. He even works with your nutrition and gives you suggested meal plans.  I can't recommend him enough. Even my friends have noticed the change in my physique which I owe solely to him. Sadly I will be moving to LA soon and I am extremely worried I will not be able to find another trainer as qualified and awesome as Tony.
5	I started training with Tony Rice a year ago. I workout 3 times per week 1 on 1 with him for 1 hour sessions. I've been really impressed with how knowledgeable he is in the area of workouts and nutritonal advice. He helped me find a good online food journal and provided me with lots of recipes & ideas on how to eat healthy. He also caters the workouts to the individual clients needs and that is very helpful. Working out with him has really transformed my life. I've been going to gyms for 20 years now and yet have never gotten the results that I've gotten under the direction of Tony. I have a whole new outlook on how to workout harder and smarter and a good nutrition balance so that I can still enjoy life and also I have more energy. I like the individual 1 on 1 workouts but he also provides group classes as well and those are very popular. I would definately recommend working out with Tony. I have been very pleased with the results in the year that I've worked out with him. As you can see from my new address I will be moving to Los Angeles June 1st. I will definately miss the 1 on 1 workouts with Tony and it will be a challenge to find someone who possesses his motivation, expertise, and charisma. I would highly recommend his training services. Thank you Tony for a transformational year.Sincerely,Brent
5	I have worked out with Dan S in the past and he is incredibly knowledgeable to say the least. He is able to push in a way that helps you move thru blocks while also being patient in a way that is both wise and intuitive at the same time. He has started doing trigger point therapy and has really helped me to release areas in my body that were blocked up, and painful. His assistance in these areas after I had residue pain and discomfort from a car accident years ago, have been tremendously valuable. highly recommended! Jim V
5	Over the years I have tried everything from acupuncture, normal exercise and massage  to try and ease my neck, shoulder and back pain. I also recently cracked my tailbone and after healing, thought I would never be able to get into a normal, successful work out routine again. I was in constant pain and thought I would never feel "normal" again. After reading many reviews on Peak and Dan, I decided to try the group sessions with him. My first session was also a consultation to figure out which stretches, exercises I could do comfortably. Let me add I was hesitant about doing a "group" workout feeling I would not get the attention and direction needed here- NOT the case! Dan really listened to my concerns and created the perfect balance of stretching/workout routine for me. Although I have only done 4 sessions I have seen great results. Dan truly listens and knows what each individual needs to strengthen and minimize pain. I am now back on a regular workout schedule and have really utilized all of his advice and training thus far. I can't wait for my next session to see what new I can learn and know I will feel that much better and stronger! I highly recommend Dan and Peak Performance Training for people with injuries or anyone wanting a high quality, no BS trainer.  Thanks Dan!
5	Ann Barnard saved my life and my self esteem. Through education, encouragement and compassion, Ann helped me change my life. For the first time in my 38 years I feel strong!  I can climb stairs without huffing and puffing, I can play with my daughter willingly and happily and I actually WANT to exercise. Training with Ann was worth EVERY penny!
5	Dan is great, my daughter and I have been training with Dan over a year. I have back and knee issues that flare up sometimes, he is very helpful with trigger point therapy and careful with my training. We are very pleased with our training and will recommend his gym to anyone. We feel very comfortable going there.
