4	Illini Inn is the last dive bar remaining in campus.  After Deluxe got knocked down to make way for the mediocrity of Legend's and Murphy's expanded and cleaned the place up, Illini Inn stands alone.This place is a true dive:  cheap drafts, dingy bathrooms, a good jukebox and a surprising lack of fratboys (especially considering you're surrounded by big houses with greek letters in the front yards.)Go forth.  Chug a beer.  Join the Mug Club.
3	Ed T., I weep for the days when there were no frat boys, and this was an amazingly undiscovered gem of non-douchyness in Champaign. You're dead on though - rock the mug club, go for your low number now!Unfortunately, the place is always PACKED now, full of idiots, and it's impossible to get a table and have a decent time. I have lots of fond memories - filling the place half way up with 10 people on a basketball weekend, just hanging out all night. Now we have to fend off French people trying to hit on group member's fiancees (not a joke) and dodge popped collars. We've pretty much given up. It's not a two star because I remember the glory days. One standout moment - to the two dudes in head to toe Carhart and stocking caps who obviously selected Scissor Sister's "Don't Feel Like Dancin'" from the jukebox, and then hid in the bathroom until the music came on? We were standing by the dart boards when you came out of there, slowly robot-ing your way across the floor, so incredibly focused on your dance that you didn't crack a smile, didn't even make eye contact with other patrons. Maybe, seriously, the funniest thing I have ever seen. Thank you for a memory that never fails to make me smile.
4	What the Inn lacks in amenities, it more than makes up with it's ambiance. This is no Joe's, Legends, or Brothers. While Ed is correct that lately, it seems like there's more patrons wearing vertical striped oxford shirts and square toed shoes on their way to Brother's, they don't tend to stick around too long. If you get there early, you can grab a table, toss some darts, and get your songs played on the internet jukebox. Most of the bartenders are polite, patient, and fun. However, there's one beast of a woman who enjoys berating people who aren't the fastest Mug Club pledges... but hey, you asked for it anyway. If you come to visit Champaign, you simply MUST join the 60,000 member mug club, and take in some of the history at the Inn... It's a Champaign institution.
3	Mug club 70360
3	A dive bar no doubt, but a good one. The Mug Club is fun and makes this dive worth the visit. Chug an Old Style and remember your number to get your Mug Club membership card back. Good stuff.
5	This is a true neighborhood bar.  Quaint, divey, but great atmosphere.  Friendly staff, cheap beer (with some decent varieties on tap).  Since it's relatively small, it's nice that it's an over 21 crowd.  Great location- a campus town secret.
4	Pickled my liver here in the 80's, my roomate's older brother had mug club card #4. Lost my card when I loaned it to a friend, as I remember it was in the triple digits. Going back for at least one beer this weekend before the football game. I post if this perfect dive bar is even close to what it used to be.
5	Got there about an hour before game time with my daughter who is now a senior at the U of I. I wish I had gotten there sooner, the place was as good as I remembered it. A lot of alums with their original mug club cards.  While there were still a lot of students so that the place didn't look like a retirement home, I found that while I was standing in line for the bathroom that I was the youngest in line at 50. If you are going back for a game you have to stop here for a beer or twelve..
3	Dive bar it is...This is a small, local, non pretentious, very chill establishment. You can come in jeans and a t-shirt. It feels like hanging out in an 80's basement ($7 domestic pitchers). The crowd is 25-50 ish. Come to catch up with friends and take a buddy if you must go to the bathroom because it's super sketch. Apparently it's way better than before because it actually has a door on it now?! When we were there it had 1 door, 2 toilets side by side, and 1 clogged sink. Go at your own risk or leave before you have to pee.
