2	The food here is different from what I expected. The queso dip was a lukewarm congealed mess of what appeared to be mozzarella cheese and watered down Alfredo. The Ketzel burrito I tried had the same watered down Alfredo type sauce on it, It was called white sauce on the menu. This "white sauce" is not good, and considering they drenched my poor burrito with it, as well as my friends quesadilla. The service was excellent except the table was asked how everything was by just about every employee on premises. It actually got to the point where their constant query's were a interruption.
1	Do not go here!!! Ever!  Ever!  Really bad staff, service, and vibe!!!! Trust me. Do not go here!!!  I took a group of 6 there for Cinco de Mayo and the even messed that up.  Late/poor/bad service and food.  You will have to beg for a water here.
4	Very good and fresh burrito. My girlfriend had light tacos with lettuce for taco shells. She enjoyed them as well. Interesting salsa selection that was tasty as well. Good service.
3	Went in with no expectations and was pleased but not blown away. The atmosphere is bright and modern but not particularly attractive. Service is prompt and attentive. The food is a little overpriced but it's good. Nice fresh chips with a platter of different salsas to start (the menu makes it seem like you have to order this, for a charge, but they must have changed their minds). The burritos and tacos were tasty, as were the refried beans (not so for the rice). All in all, If someone asked me to join them for a meal there, I'd be happy to do so, but I don't know if I'd run back.
5	We tried Ketzal by Desert Ridge for the first time tonight and were very impressed by the friendly staff, fresh-tasting food, and comfortable atmosphere. The salsa selection was especially fun, and the chips delicious. We'll be going again!
5	To start off with you get six different salsas and warm chips.our server (forgot your name, nice tats by the way!!) was amazing, she was great with my nephews and very patient... i had two margs for $2 bucks each (for their happy hour, which was also very good and apparently everyday)they had a kids menu (i guess kids eat free on tuesdays with purchase of adult entree... big bonus for people with kids)in my eyes it was like a high quality mexican street cart vendor or high quailty los betos.great prices, salads are very good... i got machaca tacos (not on the menu, but they made anyway) with rice and black beans (which were good as well)i plan on definitely going back more times!! help this place stay open in n phoenix!!
4	Came here with my family this past weekend.  We were looking for authentic Mexican food... didn't get it here but the food was really good.  They start you off with 6 different salsas (all were good but not spicy enough).  My fave was the cilantro salsa which I asked for more of and the waitress kinda laughed at me.  I didn't get that.... but anyway the food was really good.  The margaritas were awesome!  You definitely don't get the portions that you would get at an authentic Mexican restaurant but we all left full.  I'll probably go back again and give the service another shot.
1	Taco Bell is more authentic then this place!  The chips and salsa are alright however the food was not edible, seriously!   I was the only person in the place and it took 20 minutes to get 2 carne asada tacos!
2	The menu belies the completely generic cuisine.  I've had better food at Baja Fresh and most any Eribertos.  Additionally, the service was pretty bad.  One set of silverware on a booth that easily seats 6, and had to ask for more.  No plates given for the chips and salsa, so expect to see lots of salsa on the table and ignore the double-dipping.  Had to repeatedly ask for drink refills repeatedly though the there were only 3 tables occupied in the whole place.  The waitress, while very pleasant, was more interested in chatting with her coworkers than serving my family.  I left with the impression that Ketzal spent all their time on presentation and none on the actual food.  We won't be back.
3	All day happy hour on Sunday? We decided to try it out. The chips served with 6 different salsas: impressive. And free. And re-fill on the salsas. We were happy.I got the taco trip: chicken, shrimp, steak. They were smaller than i expected but good. The shrimp taco was the best in flavor. I wished I had gotten three of those instead of mixing it up. The nachos were okay, but the sight of melted cheese and sour cream atop soggy chips was unappetizing after a few minutes. The margarita (frozen for $2.50) was pretty good actually. Tasty, strong enough and great price. My daughter ordered the cheeseburger with fries and liked it. So that was a plus. We will come back for happy hour to try the avocado egg rolls and a few margaritas.
3	Not sure why people rave about the margaritas, I think they either have no tequila, or it's severly watered down. I agree, avoid the queso. Had the happy hour beef burritos - salty and reminded me of Taco Bell, and the nachos - burnt but otherwise not bad, but not my favorite.
2	Visited twice. Not a big fan of Ketzal on either visit. Small portions, mediocre quality. Not impressed with the salsas which are more like salad dressings. They got me into the restaurant for a second visit with a coupon, then refused to honor the coupon. There is much better authentic Mexican in town. I'd prefer a Rubio's before Ketzal.
