5	Amazing show! Just saw it tonight and I as well as the crowd were laughing from start to finish. Well worth the price. You also get two free drinks included in the ticket price.
1	Don't waste your time or money on this show!! I would have given it negative stars if possible! Laughs are few and far in between. I looked at the entire audience thinking maybe it was me, but everybody looked as bored as I was. This "show" is 3-4 "comedians" sitting on crates telling each other corny and trite jokes with openers like, "Want to hear a joke?" It's no better than a 7-year-old coming up to you and asking you that. BUT actually...some of the jokes were "kid jokes" as the comedians admitted themselves...so what's so dirty about that? The comedians themselves were awkward (did not seem comfortable being on stage) and there was not a good flow throughout the show. Free drink was a waste of time as well. It's a well drink which means juice with a sprinkle of alcohol if lucky. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!! YOU'VE BEEN WARNED!
1	Wow...1 star I have no choice!Todd Paul needs to scrap this waste of a show and focus on funny!I expected funny and this was far from it!Hand me a crate to sit on and a microphone and I will show you funny for free!Todd Paul...really?
2	For an hour long show, I think we laughed maybe 3-5 times....Not good. We found ourselves more than bored 20min into the show....also not good. We decided to have a few extra drinks, however they ran out of tonic....definitly not good. As others have said its 3 comedians sitting on crates telling jokes, fake laughing at each others jokes. I'm not sure why they even bother to call it a "dirty joke" show as most of the jokes were only made dirty with an f-bomb. To their credit, other people in the audience of about 25 did laugh-sometimes. Wouldn't reccomend this show.
4	this show is more of a play than a comedy show, that said dont be scared off from seeing a play. setup is there are three comics entertaining each other between sets. sort of a back stage view of what you dont see at a comedy club. have seen performers at other venues in town, was great. go in expecting to hear some jokes at a late night show. the performers are good, the jokes are funny and the venue is smallish (is that a word) and intimate. for me the show worked.
