1	LAZY groomers!!!!!  We took our puppy to this Petsmart to have her first grooming.  We requested and were charged about $45.00 for a full grooming.   When we picked her up over 4 hours later, we were told, "she was too fussy to get her body groomed, so we just did her face, paws and hind area".  This being our first encounter with dog groomers (we're new pet owners) we figured this was par for the course - she'll be better next time.  About 5 weeks later we took her back and again requested a full grooming.  This time, we also brought photos of how we wanted her face to be trimmed.  Somehow the unpleasant attendant convinced us into some sort of additional "special" shampoo/conditioning package.  Another 4 hours later, we returned to pick her up and we were again told that she was too fussy to have her body trimmed and all they did was her paws, hind area and her face.  Despite the fact that we brought a photo of the exact same breed of dog - same age, same size, even same fur color, our beautiful puppy looked as if her face had been trimmed by a two year old with a pari of dull kiddy scissors.  This time we were charged $57.00.  Today, we brought her to Rufus DuMonde and discovered what a REAL groomer can and will do.  Not only did they do a beautiful job on her face (referencing the same photo we had taken to Petsmart), they gave her entire body a trim.  We were told she wasn't fussy at all and that she was very interested in everything that was going on during her grooming session.  Her session was only 2 and a half hours and the cost was only $42.00 (we tipped them $20.00 because we were so happy with their work).  Suffice to say, this was a real eye-opening experience for us.  This Petsmart grooming department is horrible and we'll NEVER take our puppy back there.  In fact, we'll never go back to any Petsmart again.  BE WARNED.
4	I was very happy with my Petsmart experience. I wanted to  buy a  pet for my (highly allergic)boyfriend as a birthday present. After much deliberation and about a zillion questions, we(the Petsmart girl and I) decided that a tortoise would be a perfect match--unlike the turtle that I had originally considered. In the four or five trips made to do research and buy the supplies for his "tortoise condo" we created, I found that three of the employees we talked to were very knowledgeable on the subject. They were super helpful and patient with us. I also went to another local pet store twice, it seemed pretty ghetto and no one even approached me to ask if I needed help! We'll be Petsmart frequents, I'm sure!
3	We've been here a few times for various pet supplies when we are in the area or Mounds is closed.  They do not carry the dog food we use (Eagle Pack), but have most of the main brands, and a good selection of grooming tools. We bought our kong zoom groom here by request of one of the helpful staff and love it for our lab/am.bulldog mix.We took our dog to get a professional bath, nail clipping and ear cleaning by the groomers here and were satisfied. It was our first time not doing it ourselves. Our dog came out with shorter nails, loose hair gone, and smelled nice. Not sure how they do on other grooming aspects as our dog is pretty low-maintenance in that department.  There were about 6 groomers working there at once, and the girl who took down our information seemed clueless, but the others seemed great.
5	I feel compelled to write a review of Petsmart's grooming salon after reading the negative reviews.  My dog mainly goes in for bath/furminator brushing/nails but I've always been very satisfied with the results, and the groomers working in the salon have always been professional and friendly and very kind to my dog.  Rates are reasonable and appointment times are flexible.
1	I took my dog there yesterday and they were terrible. On the phone they told me the price would be $42. I only asked for a bath nails clipped and teeth brushing. When I dropped him off the literally dragged him away right away. They made no attempt to help him be more comfortable. When I picked him up they said he was still wet because he didn't like the hairdryer. Something I know is not true because I use it on him at home. They also said they were going to charge me for a haircut because they tried to cut his hair which I specifically said they shouldn't. They also hurt his ear when he was cleaning it because he winced every time it's touched. They didn't bother to let me know or explain. I will not be taking my dog back there.
