5	These guys do fantastic work at a great price. Support a local print shop!
5	Flyers Direct whipped up 1,000 1/4 page flyers for me, for an expo coming up, and I couldn't be happier with the quality, with the timing of the turn around, the prices, overall wonderful experience with them.  Use them for your printing needs, they'll help make you stand at your events big or small!
4	I have been working with these guys for years! When it comes to dependable printing, Cary and staff shine very well. Owning a business and working in the club industry, I have dealt with many companies in Arizona and Flyers Direct is my continued use for local printing.
5	I am extremely impressed by Robert Davis at Flyers Direct! I needed some business cards designed and printed in a short time frame for a conference and he really came through. He kept in constant contact with me during the process and was responsive and willing to work with my changes. I really appreciate the service and I will be working with them again if I need any print work done. Their prices are very reasonable and the quality is good.
5	If you haven't tried Flyers Direct you HAVE to give them a try. Once you deal with the professional crew there and compare the prices you will have no need to go anywhere else for your printing needs. Hey, afterall it's just ink & paper, right???
5	The books FlyersDirect printed for me are VERY professional and top quality, WAY better finished product than I had imagined. Incredible turn around time and low prices. FlyersDirect make me look good because my materials look good. Thank you FlyersDirect!!Becca
5	Russ and crew,I wanted to take a moment and thank you guys\gals for always producing amazing creative and graphics over the years for our locations. You have always been consistent and I am grateful !!If you are looking for a great way to compliment your ideas\marketing pieces,I highly recommend Flyers Direct ,as they are top notch !
1	I share Jennifer A.'s experience. Contacted them to have a simple two-sided, full color, semi-gloss or full gloss coated flyer. Was advised that what I was requesting fell outside of the specs for their standard flyer offer. No problem for me. Perhaps I'd have to pay a little extra. The person I spoke with seemed reluctant to quote me a price based on the specs I provided but instead seemed to want me to modify my specs to comply with their standard flyer offer. I eventually outright asked the guy why it seemed as if he didn't want to provide me a quote based on my specs. I was wondering if I was asking something of then that was outside of their capabilities. After a 10 min conversation he acted if I was somehow I was initially unclear in communicating my order/specs and did provide me a quote. 1/4 page flyer full color front/back... Semi or full gloss front/black finish... $3 plus dollars per flyer?!?!?! WTF. At that price I'd be like handing out money.Contacted them based on a recommendation. Oh well...
5	My first experience with these guys and we will be returning. The quality was top notch, the pricing is more than fair and they delivered as promised. If you are in need of any printing or creative graphics give them a try. Their website is very user friendly and you won't be disappointed with the quality of their product.
5	Mark at Flyer's Direct has been the primary Printer for AIDS Walk Phoenix and Aunt Rita's Foundation for the last 2 years.  He produces quality materials, with prompt turnaround times, with every single project.  Mark also goes above and beyond with all of his work, and sometimes even volunteers to deliver printed materials.  His prices are always very competitive, and he delivers very professional product at a price that's within a non-profits budget.Recently, an employee at our organization forgot to print something that was neccessary for an event.  We contacted Mark the day before the event and he was able to deliver exactly what we needed less than 24 hours later, delivering to our office on a Saturday.  He came through for us in a huge way and went far above and beyond what I would ever expect from a printer.  He was a lifesaver.We utilize them for almost 100% of our printing, and recommend them on a regular basis.  I would not take our printing to anyone else in town, and encourage everyone reading this to call Flyer's Direct and ask for Mark.
5	I have been working with Flyers Direct for 5 years now and they have always been professional and have never screwed up an order. From fliers to business cards they are always the best place to get any printing done! I would recommend them to any one.
5	Mark is the BEST ever!! We get all our flyers and work on time and it's PERFECT!! Use flyers direct for all your printing needs!
1	Poor customer support. Very slow response time. I'm still waiting for my business cards I've ordered over a month ago!
5	This is THE BEST print company in the valley. I have never found a lower price with the same service and quality. Mark B. is a champ. He's always ready to help me with my order. He's always looking for ways to save me money while meeting my print needs. I have been working with then for years. Every time I get a quote from another company to make sure I'm still getting the best price, Flyers Direct never fails me!! Thank you for your speedy service and quality print runs. I will always recommend you for all my print needs.
5	These guy always produce good quality printing. And fast. For my last order I emailed files in on Monday afternoon and picked up the finished postcards Wednesday 5pm.
