5	This was our first experience with Aracelli since the recommendation came from the restaurant (this was for a Welcoming Dinner and everyone, including us, was from out of town). Even though we couldn't take advantage of a tasting and demo Aracelli was able to convince us of her dedication and professionalism. Payment is via Pay Pal and you do not need an account to make a payment.The cake and cupcakes were beautiful and delicious. We asked for a computer / FSU  theme and she delivered beautifully. Take a moment to look at the web site and consider the bakery for your own event in Las Vegas.Aracelli, we'll take our cookies the next time we are in town !
5	I was fortunate to come across Aracelli's cake studio through theknot.com wedding boards  while planning our wedding in Las Vegas from Brooklyn NY.  I had done a great deal of research for our cake and had reached out to a few potential popular vendors for LV wedding cakes -- none had the top notch, personable, sweet as can be, and most importantly timely service which Aracelli provided from start to finish. I knew as soon as I saw that Aracelli had worked with Joel Robuchon that she had to be an exceptionally talented pastry chef -- I was obviously taking a leap of faith as we couldn't taste the LV cake from our home in Brooklyn. Turns out I was right about her talents -- and then some!Aracelli worked with me step by step to design the cake from pencil sketch, flavor selection,  to her personal set up of our cake in our suite -- a pleasure. The design I requested was intricate, and she executed the idea I had to perfection -- our cake looked like a stack of scrumptious presents, the pattern she dreamed up was exactly what I was going for -- Marie Antoinette inspired. Her flavors offered are what I think of as cake couture think exotic liqueurs and an endless array of ganaches -- and although I haven't asked her, I believe she makes her own fondant, a rarity among event cake shops, from my personal experience -- many use the premade stuff. Many fondant cakes have thick layers of chalky, artificial flavors, hers was not at all, the fondant was thin and paired very well with the cake itself -- this was also something my guests noted, and appreciated.The flavors we ended up choosing (which was so hard to do, she has so many inventive combos, I wish we could have 10 flavors instead of 3!) were:Top layer: Red Velvet with White Chocolate - Tahitian Vanilla & Rhum Ganache.Middle layer: Tahitian Vanilla with Fresh Strawberries and Madagascar Vanilla Cognac.Bottom layer: Chocolate Cake with Milk Chocolate Caramel Ganache & Grand MarnierTo die for !!! All of guest complimented us on the cake and were amazed at its look and taste -- my mom was thoughtful enough to save some for our anniversary next year, we can't wait to eat it!!I cannot recommend Aracelli's cakes enough, and next time we are in town, I'm going to find an excuse to get some treats from her!!
5	WOW! Ok so I just found Aracelli Zea Cake via Yelp and I could not be more happy! Our entire transaction (ordering,communicating, purchasing) was ALL done via email. I was nervous the cake would not turn out or maybe just taste ok.. the cake was BEYOND. The look was incredible and the taste was unreal. Usually when a cake looks amazing the taste can be so so, not the case with Aracelli Zea Cake. She was so accommodating, went above and beyond!! HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
5	Aracelli was great to work with! I had no idea what I wanted, just a dope cake for my sister's 40th bday in Vegas so she would feel special. I wanted to avoid the standard bakeries cause I wanted to work with a smaller shop with personal touch. Araceli's personality, her kindness, and ultimately her recommendations all worked out wonderfully!I highly recommend her, you will not be dissapointed.:)
5	The first time I tried Aracelli cakes were at my brother's wedding in October 2010.  He had all 3 wedding favors:  Tahitian Vanilla & Strawberries, Strawberry Shortcake and Chocolate -  Caramel Ganache.  OMG sooooo delicious! I kept taking bites the whole night!  We order the Chocolate - Caramel Ganache for our Thanksgiving family dinner.  I admit to having many midnight snacking...eating the cake.  LOL You won't be disappointed!
5	It was very difficult for me to choose a baker since I didn't know what I want and I was a distant bride.  When I found Aracelli Zea Cake Studio on yelp I was impressed with all 5 stars profile and no complains. It sounded too good to be true, but once I spoke with Aracelli I understood that it is possible. I can only repeat and wholeheartedly agree with all the other reviewers: her professionalism and the finished products were above and beyond my expectations. I'm looking forward for the excuse to use her services next time I'm in Las Vegas. HIGHLY-HIGHLY-HIGLY RECOMMEND!!!!! :))))
5	I cannot say enough about the wedding cake that Aracelli made for us. We were from 1100-ish miles away and had put off setting up a cake for our wedding. With about 48 hours to do it, she made us a beautiful two tier wedding cake, using both her red velvet and Tahitian vanilla/strawberry. She hand crafted the most gorgeous sugar flowers in a really short amount of time. She gave us a cake that was not only THE best tasting cake we have ever eaten (the same was said by nearly every guest), but a cake that surpassed our expectations in looks. This cake deserves more than 5 stars.My only complaint is that I cannot get one of her cakes in Seattle when we go home. I would kill someone for another slice of the Tahitian vanilla/strawberry.
5	Aracelli did a beautiful job! She payed such good attention to detail and made it so special.
5	I asked Aracelli to make a custom Bulldog cake for my husbands 40th birthday. I was immediately impressed by her quick response and caring demeanor. She understood exactly what I wanted and created a stunning cake that was far above and beyond what I expected or could have imagined. The attention to detail and artwork were just terrific! She perfectly captured a Bulldog facial expression, wrinkles, and even chub rolls! I asked for lemon cake with raspberry filling (his fave). The cake was amazingly flavorful, fresh, moist, and delicious! I'm normally not a big cake person but found myself going back for seconds and thirds! All of our guests raved about the cake and it was a big hit!! She went out of her way to accommodate me trying to surprise him and even delivered the cake to me before our dinner. Also, payment was super easy via Paypal. It's rare these days to have such a great experience and I would highly and strongly recommend Aracelli for her exceptional talent, professionalism, kindness, and amazing customer service. There is a reason she has so many great reviews, and I would not hesitate to call her again! Thanks Aracelli for making his 40th birthday special and memorable!
5	Aracelli did a fabulous job on the cake for our wedding.  We were using Vegas as a destination wedding and did not have the opportunity to actually come in and do a tasting.  But her reviews were solid and the website showed her creativity so we took a chance.  Aracelli was very easy to work with and we did everything through email, paypal and phone.   I was nervous but on the day the cake was ready on time. It was beautiful and very yummy.   The guests complimented us on it repeatedly.  The size was perfect for our gathering.   I would recommend anyone looking for a special cake to use Aracelli.  She's terrific!
5	Omg is all i have to say! I found this place online via groupon or living social, I cannot remember! All i know is, i contacted them and things were so easy! i told them what i wanted based on photos i saw on their website, and they took care of everything! I live in NYC and planned to have my wedding in Vegas at the Bellagio and after we had a dinner at Trevi at the Forum Shops @ Caesars Palace. Aracelli dropped off the cake  and arranged everything! I was surprised how good the cake was, having never been to the business! The Vanilla cake with Tahitian Vanilla Bavarian & Strawberries was amazing! We also ordered a dozen cupcakes that were red velvet and chocolate caramel ganache! They were all so good. The frosting on the cupcakes was so light and fluffy, its as so delicious!
5	Aracelli did an AMAZING job on our wedding cake, cupcakes and cake pops!!  Almost all of the arrangements were made via email, and she was prompt in her responses.  We did get to do a taste test during a planning trip to Vegas the month before the event, and we were blown away.  They were just as good, if not better, for the wedding.  She made us a small square cake to use for cutting, 6 dozen cupcakes on a tiered cupcake stand (carrot cake, creme brule and chocolate with caramel filling), and 6 dozen cake pops (of the same flavors.)  I really couldn't decide which was my favorite, they were all so good.  Plus, the display was beautiful!!  Overall, just incredible.  Did I mention.....  DELICIOUS!!
1	This place DOES NOT EXIST. We just left the parking lot...no shop, no signage, no one answers the phone. Don't waste your time.
