5	The fokes at the location near the airport and at the return location at the Frye's Foods in Sun City were both nice.  At the location near the airport, they were very friendly and thorough in expediting the process with the paperwork and all.  They got us on the road in a short amount of time.  We had a Chevrolet Empola which we drove to Tucson and back; for $454.00, we got our money's worth.  Upon returning the car at the Frye's Foods in Sun City, the guy was very nice, once again expediting the process with the paperwork and all.  So, for an excellent rental car experience with clean, well maintained cars at good rates with friendly staff, Budget cannot be beat.  Keep up the good work guys.!
1	How did a $33.99/day rental of a small 4-cylinder "economy car" for 2 days turn into a $270.61 rip-off gouge? I rented from Budget Rent-a-Car at the Phoenix Internat. Airport ... linked to the rental via Travelocity. That's how.It is a lesson in the old "Yes, the basic rate is $33.95 - very cheap! - but, oh, you want a steering wheel on that car? That's an extra ..." type scam. And they added a mysterious 11.11 percent "Concession Recovery Fee" on top of the quoted rate - no extra service or feature gained -  it's just an unadvertised "additional fee" - I assume the argument is that the quoted rate was just for the car, but the act of the customer simply showing up to pick up and drop off the car (on time) is "extra cost"!! The "LDW" was almost as much as the car rate, at $25.99/day (I am sure that rate is inflated to maximize costs ... It's actually not even insurance. It just absolves you of the responsibility for car damage - so what they "choose" to charge you is not fixed to any market-controlled rate) - it's whatever they can get away with. The personal injury waiver (also not insurance) was $14.49/day. Etc ... Etc ...The contract actually states, "If I (renter) return the car prior to due date, I may be charged a higher rate." !!! - what!?!Worse of all - the agent at the desk, when hearing where I was going, INSISTED that I would use a full tank of gas to get there and back, "and probably a bit more." So she really pressed that I opt for the "purchase a tank of gas" to "save money" - also stating that it was cheaper than the going rate "outside". But any unused gas was non-refundable ... You guessed it - I had a whole one-third of a tank left, on return of car - Ka-Ching! More money in their pocket! (and they can re-sell the same gas again to the next sucker!) ... and - the rate Budget charged me for the gas was EXACTLY the same as what gas was sold for on the street.I complained upon return and seeing these charges rack up, but they smiled and said, "sorry ... I see a signature here ... that yours? "So - I will NEVER, EVER use "Blood-let" Rent-A-Car again and will steer my friends and colleagues away from them.Yes, I take some responsibility for being such an easy "mark" - but they are trained to be snake oil salesmen and openly con people into every expense they can. I have rented cars multiple times before from various agencies - never have I come up against a "shake down" like this - and was unprepared for the "gaming" I was put through.If you must use them, go over everything with a fine toothed comb. Take your time. Ask every "dumb" question ... Even if you assume you know - ask them to explain ... you very well may be surprised.Check with your own auto insurance to see if they cover car and personal injury, to see if you can decline all waivers ... else know your rate is something quite astronomically inflated from the "stated rate".
1	My experience with Budget at the Sky harbor airport was horrible. Over an hour wait, a very unpleasant clerk who was not particularly happy that I wanted to at least visually scan the digital agreement, she wanted to try to guilt me into getting all of the "extras" that I declined. She gave us the smallest car on the lot although I'd booked a midsized vehicle. Really, when is a 2 door a midsized vehicle, especially with a child car seat I needed to install. A really poor experience.
1	I signed up for a deal through Southwest Airlines for 35% off my car rental. I was moving from Chicago to Arizona at the time. After a long trip I arrived at the rental desk. My original quote was for 310.00. This was for a week of a rental of a mid size SUV. After going though all of the initial paper work my total came out to be $660.00. The price had doubled due to me not having car insurance. I was obviously not happy but understood I needed to be covered. They informed me that This would not be charged to my account until I returned the vehicle. A day alter I notice that $890.00 was talked out of my account. After calling them they stated there was a $200.00 deposit fee. Why would you take a deposit if you already too the money out of my account?????After returning the care 5 days early ( I bought a car and obtained insurance) I asked them to possible reimburse me for the insurance I was charged for the days I had the car. If not the 4 days I had it at least the day I had insurance. They refused and told me I should be satisfied that they are crediting me my account for returning the car early?? After being to exhausted with moving across country and buying a new car I refused to fight. The total I ended up being charged for rental from Friday- Monday was $441. 00. I would not be using them again nor will I recommend their customer service or management to ANYONE.
1	The worst experience I had for car rental ever. I have been using Budget rental many years (at different locations) and never had any problem.  I went to them with my reservation and showed it to the representative (Dustin). He asked me if I want different car and my answer was no. But he gave me upgrade ($31/day) without any notice. I did had question with final charge but he said the discount will show later (I had a BCD code). It turns out that I was charged for a luxury car. When I complained, they treated me like a liar. I will never do business with someone who never honor their customers.
1	Long line. Manager on duty turned down additional help on the phone.  Not sure why.  Waiting. ..
1	I'm not one to write a bad yelp normally as I understand how damaging they can be. My negative review of the budget rent a car at the Phoenix airport is mainly about the rudest individual working there that I have ever come in contact with. We picked up our car at 145pm on Friday, November 7, 2014.  I made our reservation through costco travel as I do most times when we go somewhere as their rates are the best. I had my confirmation loaded in my trip it App on my phone. Their system at this location of taking a number and being seated to wait your turn was great! No standing in line, instead comfortably seated in the waiting area waiting for your number to be called. This took about 15 minutes. Not horrible. Unfortunately my pleasant experience ended there. I was asked to go to a window where agent Barb was to help me. She was unable to locate our reservation. I showed her my confirmation on my phone and she immediately told me it was not their confirmation number. I advised that I had booked through costco to which she rudely responded, "we aren't the only company they use, try next door". I assured her the reservation was with budget but she insisted I was mistaken and again suggested I go next door. I began looking through my emails to find the confirmation to see if it included budgets confirmation number. When I found the email, I handed over my phone to her. She scrolled through it then shoved my phone in my face and said, look, this is OUR confirmation number not the other one you gave me. What difference does it make? Do you have a reservation or not? She was now able to locate the reservation and proceeded. Never was there an apology or explanation. Next I had to endure what can not be described as anything other than badgering me into additional insurance. I understand they encourage their workers to do this and may even bonus them on their success in some way. I get that. But when I say no thank you six times, I truly don't want it! She went on to make me feel like a degenerate for not taking it as it could cost tens of thousands of dollars if something were to happen. This is easily at least the hundredth car I've rented over the years and I'm very clear on the risk of using my own insurance over theirs. I didn't need schooling from this rude individual. I would definitely rent from budget again as everything other than barb was terrific. Just a heads up if you find yourself at this location standing in front of barb, I'd suggest passing your turn and waiting for the next agent!
