3	Located in the Target/Kohl's shopping center located off of Blue Diamond Rd.
4	I went here to get a new battery for my car entry alarm thing. When I walked in the lady working was with another customer but greeted me when I came in. Said she would be with me as soon as she can. I walked around in the meantime, looking for the battery I needed, but I really had no clue what size battery my alarm thing used. LOL! Just like the lady said, when she had time to break away from the needy customer she was helping she asked what I needed and showed me the battery I might need. She then opened my car entry thing and told me the exact battery I needed.Great service, nice friendly employee, saved my life because I couldn't arm or disarm my alarm. Thank you Radio Shack lady!!! You are the best!!! I was in and out in less than 8 minutes!!!
5	The staff at this Radio Shack offer great customer service. Went to this location to upgrade my AT&T iPhone 5 to the Samsung Galaxy S4. They were able to get me squared away and out the door in a timely manner. A couple days later I had an issue with the charger and they took care of the defective charger at the store, no hassle at all. If your looking for a place to get great help, this is the place to go...
1	They only let one person in at a time after 8pm. Dont know why since there were at least 3 employees at the register. i would understand if there was only 1 person working but that wasnt the case. they lock the door and watch you from the inside. there was a family of 3 in there taking their sweet time and didnt seem to look like they were getting anything. after 15 mins of waiting, i left. i didnt get a chance to go in to get what i needed. i gave this place 1 star because the store is fully stocked
5	Went in there to upgrade the BF's phone. 2 young guys helped us out. They were very personable and helpful. They weren't breathing down our necks like most sales people do. We upgraded to a Samsung Galaxy 4S w/ Sprint; the phone was free only had to pay the state taxes. The process was super quick & easy and the store was clean and organized.
