2	I love Burger king but this location is the pits :(We don't have much to choose from over here it is either this, McD's (they mess up your order a lot at that one) and Capriotti's (I love Caps!).The workers are always acting childish and horsing around.My food is never accurate.I don't know what else to say but that I will just eat at another location when I am near one and hungry.
2	I visited again since it was right off the freeway and i was in a hurry and hungry.Why do I torture myself and go to this BK?!?!The drive-thru was sooooo slow and yet again my order was wrong.Oh how I wish Capriotti's next door was open 24/7.
3	HOLY TOLEDO batman!I just went through the drive thru and they got my order RIGHT and it tasted GOOD!This is a first for this location!I only got a rodeo cheeseburger so maybe it was because I didn't make it too hard on them ?!?! ;)
2	I always cringe at leaving bad reviews for businesses as a whole, because chances are there are some nice, hardworking people there, even if the overall experience is generally awful. With that said, I frequent this place because it's convenient and the playground is usually pretty clean. Also, they have free wifi!I don't eat the food anymore because I'm gluten-free, but my bf says its edible. The reason they get 2 stars is because they are HORRIBLY SLOW in the drive-thru, and generally in the mornings. I've seen food we ordered given away right in front of me, and then watched the new batch sit for many minutes before anyone decided to bag it up. The staff is generally nice, but rarely seems to care that you're there.
4	Ok now- I don't know what happened, or if it's just a different crew, but something happened here and the service has been outstanding. I've had to come here to use the internet for the last week, and they are SO incredibly nice, and always hustling. I can't vouch for the food still, because I'm gluten-free, but smelling everyone else's food is driving me crazy- it smells delicious. So as far as Burger Kings go, this one is pretty cool, and the improved staff has really turned things around.
2	I've been to this location 4 times and they got my order wrong 3 times AND made me late returning from lunch. I don't expect much, I mean it's not Le Cordon Bleu but it's not rocket science either. I go out of my way to avoid fast food but had time constraints on my visits so had no alternative. The last guy at the window was in a spectacular mood. So much so that I was prompted to ask him if he was medicated and if so, to give me his doctor's phone number. He laughed and said he loves his job. Wrap your mind around that. He amused me for the rest of my time in the Gulag that pays my bills. He got my order right for a change so I was pleased.
4	Since this place is near my work, I enjoy it. The employees are friendly. It wasn't busy when I went and they are very courteous. I recommend this place if you're ever near and want to grab a bite.
5	I popped into the drive-thru for lunch one day when I was short on time. This is the perfect place when you're in a hurry! The drive-thru was totally full, but it took me less than 5 minutes to get through it with my food. The employees were all polite, but businesslike. While I don't resort to fast food often, I'll be back here next time the situation calls for it!
3	This BK is near my house and I get coupon booklets in the mail often. I wouldn't eat here as much if I didn't have the coupons. The burgers are fast food average and the veggies are usually fresh. The workers are nice but the wait time can be brutal often. I do like the cinnabon options they have I just don't like when they put in the box and bag upside down so that when I open it the frosting isn't everywhere but on the bun.
1	The grossest grilled chicken salad EVER! Slimy chicken that is NOT hot and yellow lettuce!!! At least I have the croutons to eat.  I should have known better :(
2	This location is ok if you don't mind seeing the manager sitting in the middle of the dining area on her computer and PLUCKING THE HAIR FROM HER CHIN.  WT.
