4	I love the Faubourg! Especially on a very cold winter day. Full of impressive shops, this two level mini mall has a variety of shopping for the local and tourist alike.I especially enjoy the upstairs food court for an inexpensive  late afternoon lunch or snack.The Vietnamese Pho is especially good. The noodle soups are huge and the broth yummy.The downstairs is full of food merchants from bakeries to a fromagerie.Located on Rue St. Catherine Est. it is close to museums and the downtown.Parking sucks, even now on Sundays as the city now charges the street meters.Check out more details at http://www.lefaubourg.com/index.htm
1	This place looks like it might be on its last legs.  I stopped by here on a Saturday afternoon and not only were there not many people here, but many of the shops were closed or in the process of closing.  A few of the food court restaurants we open but people weren't eating there as much as watching the World Cup consolation match on the tellies that were scattered about.  It was a nice restroom stop but other than that, I didn't find anything to keep me there for more than 15 minutes.
1	What a dump!  I'd give it zero starts if I could but the rating system wont accept that. This building houses a SAQ, a office supply store, and some suites for Concordia University and other business on the upper floors but the real tragedy is the food court on the mid level.  The vendors are in various stages of going out of business, serve poor to average quality food at higher than average fast food prices.  Too bad the security guards try to move people along out of the mostly vacant seating area if the sit for a moment without a plate in front of them.  Honestly, what are these goons afraid of, probably the thought that you might come back and give this place a second try.  Shame on the property management of this place for letting things continue like this!
2	This place used to be an awesome place to hangout 5 years ago, but after many construction changing and now it become unattrative for more customers to come....
2	A half derelict mall in what could be a very promising area ( as it's a short 9 iron) from Crescent Street and all the other downtown action.  This mall is nearly vacant and probably because of the cockroach problem back a few years ago (with Gruman 78)! This mall definitely need some TLC and a few million in refresh and it could be a booking commerce site!  Upstairs however is a hidden gem in some really inexpensive mall of Asian and ethnics restaurants.  Check it out for some great inexpensive food!
1	its a shit hole! there's no way around that. yes, there's some new restaurants here. they are trying to bring life back into le faubourg but lets face it, the place is just best left to die or destroy and rebuild. there's some decent food option, bangkok being one and a couple of chain stores but its really hard to love this place.it does house some concordia classes but outside of class hours, there's plenty of homeless doing shady things. i've seen some stuff that involves a hand and some playboy magazines but then, i usually see those in plain view nearby..speaking of bathrooms, they are disgusting! there's that weird smell i can't shake off. at least, in the mens.its a love and hate, mostly hate with this iconic building
