5	Again, a great meal in Montreal!  Our last breakfast in Montreal was at Pacini's.  We'd gone there just to check it out - didn't know anything beforehand.  We weren't sure breakfast was served there, but then noticed it opened at 7am.  Wow.We were told to sit anywhere we'd like, so we chose a nice little table near the front window.  The menu was nice and we both found several things that we could see ourselves eating.  I ordered something that was a cross between an omelette and crepes, but had "lasagna" in the title, and looked kinda' like manicotti.... I dunno but it was AMAZING!  I also ordered an orange juice (came in a wine glass) and my breakfast was served with a shot of a delicious health drink of some sort.My girlfriend had the same shot served with her meal, and ordered a nice fruit breakfast with an over-easy egg on top of toast (yum!) and some "goat cheese apple crumble" - mmmmm.  Everything we ate tasted great and I couldn't finish mine though because it was so huge!  Our bill in all came to under $25.  This included a "bread bar" where you can select any number of bread slices from a nice variety (try the raisin ones!) and then butter, jam etc... to go on top.The server was nice and the food came fast.  The restaurant looked very nice and clean as well.  I'd love to try this place for lunch or dinner... or just come back for another delicious breakfast!  It's right on Saint-Denis too, so very convenient!
1	Hugely overpriced, $17 bowl of pasta bolognese that had less taste and thought than cheap bottled sauces; a plate of antipasti that had a couple wedges of mozzarella, a couple artichoke heart quarters, 4-5 olives and a huge amount of salad that was the same as the separate salad we ordered, which itself was really nothing for the $15 price. a "bread bar" where you toast your own bread, slices of supermarket breat the give, no italian bread or baguette, and sprepd some garlic butter on it. Service very slow for the lack of customers, no one greeted us on entering, we had to go find them. Nice atmosphere though. Not worth it by any measure.
3	Not having a data plan while roaming around Montreal left me without my trusty Yelp reviews.  Thought I would just wing it vs. planning ahead, since I discovered a great pho place for lunch.  This place is not great, but not as bad as the reviews would state.  It is a bit pricey for what you get.  The bread bar was kinda overstated - more like a toast bar.  I will be planning ahead for future meals.  I must say that servers in Montreal (here and elsewhere) are nicer than they are in the US.
