5	Move over Mr. Earnhardt there is a new kid in town! When it comes to Munoz Law, there is no B.S.     Bad things happen to good people and proper representation is a hot commodity in modern society.  I came to Mr. Munoz with a felony DUI charge.  The charge was completely unconstitutional and the odds were against me in every judicial way.  I was frantically stressed out about the situation but Mike calmly broke down the process to me in simple terms. He emphasized the importance that all citizens have rights under our constitution. There was no sugar coating the repercussions of my actions. There were two options, "time in prison or dismissal." His enthusiasm and positive reinforcement gave me faith when all hope was lost. Mike is a true inspiration and I would recommend him to anyone. I know if I ever get in any legal trouble - I have Mike on speed dial.  Mike and Danielle did their diligence and answered all my questions through the entire process. As a result of their legal experiences, my case was "DISMISSED"! Thank you for my freedom and proof that the system does work. You are an amazing law firm and I am a huge advocate of Mr. Munoz; not only as a lawyer but as an upstanding moral individual!!! Sincerely,N.F.M.Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find outthey've got a second.  Give your dreams all you've got andyou'll be amazed at the energy that comes out of you.                                                                                   - William James  P.S.The man knows what he is talking about: Follow all of his DUI Mike's Top 10 DUI Tips
5	Mike is a great guy and an even better Attorney!  He truly cared about my case and me and kept me up to date on everything that was going on.  There was no smoke being blown and was honest from the beginning.  The resolution to my case was much better than I was expecting and Mike has continued to help with the very convoluted steps at the MVD.
5	I cannot begin to tell you how happy I am with the Munoz Law Office! I was new to town in 2012 and within 2 weeks was pulled over for a DUI. Welcome to Tempe, right? Not! After a bit of research, I chose Attorney Munoz to represent me. Mike made me completely at ease with the process and guided me every step of the way. I was completely patient and trusted him in the steps and he got my DUI charge REDUCED to a lesser charge!!! Talk about being relieved!!! I would highly recommend him and his firm to assist you...he is not like other lawyers that make you feel like you are just another number. He is a true gem, cares about his clients and the outcome, and his team is excellent. If you are in trouble call him NOW. He returned my call on a Sunday and got things rolling immediately. Good luck!
5	Michael was amazing. He was so helpful and cared about our case and took the time to explain everything to us. He was able to resolve our case better than any other Attorney could have. He's a persistent Attorney  who didn't let up on the prosecutor.
5	After researching some reviews, I went to Michael regarding my case and he was honest with his response and the outcome of what would happen and implications of the case. I was having several commitments going overseas and everything, Michael helped me out with the details on what needs to be done. I got timely response from the Law office every time I asked them about my case. Michael helped me out with my case and I got my charges reduced which was what I wanted and I am really happy with the result I got. Michael is really cool and knowledgable, i would recommend anyone to him.
5	Michael helped me out with a traffic incident I had a few months back.  He and his staff are super responsive when I had questions and got me a result far better than I was expecting.  I would never hesitate to call again and have referred many friends to date.  Do your self a favor and call Mike, you won't be disappointed.
