3	Walking up to this place I wasn't sure what was going on here.  They have a large bar area with a place that has tables. There is a dining room attached but I didn't see anyone in  there.  I didn't see any food being served either.I would say this is a just a place to sit down and drink for cheap.  There is no atmosphere at all.  The service and people here were friendly enough. I was there with a friend for Karaoke and there was a few people lounging around.I was sitting in the lounge area and it seemed like I was hanging out in someone's garage or basement.   There were couches and regular house furniture.  It felt like an episode of Rosanne.
4	I have lived close to Pandora's for about 3 years, and have been there a lot. Its a little casual laid back bar that has a good jukebox. Once, one of the bartenders didn't love my music but oh well lol. He is nice,though. They have a lounge area, and karaoke sometimes but I have never attended that. As the other reviewer also mentioned, there is a dining area that is attached. I have never seen them serving food there,though and a Woman there said something like, it's few and far between as far as them serving food there.
2	Pandora's Lounge is a run of the mill neighborhood bar.  Smoke filled and on the divey side, but not trying to be divey in a way that might attract hipsters or those searching for a bare-bones experience.   The drinks are slung here, there is a little gaming and an area with some dart boards and a jukebox.The best things that Pandora's has going for it are karaoke and random events.  I think karaoke takes place on Sunday nights, but it would behoove you to call and find out the schedule.  It was happening one Sunday evening though when I was there and there was a regular crowd of karaoke singers...some were good, but it was more about having fun here.  Everyone was very supportive of singers, regardless of ability.  I was also there for a Philippines Relief event.   They did a solid job here, with some local chef's donating authentic Philippine dishes.  I would go back for another event, but probably not for any other reason.
5	It's a bar to love. Good food. Entertainment via Karaoke everyday, Drink specials and giveaways. This is a place that you can bring a group and enjoy yourselves.
5	We had a great time in the bar here. Jess the bar tender was fantastic and very attentive. The owner, Dora, was awesome with our group as well. Karaoke every night and the DirecTv package is a huge plus.
1	I've been to Pandora's Lounge a few times in the past year while playing in a dart league and I'm still amazed how this place is still in business. The service is absolutely awful. The bartenders are too busy playing on their cellphones, spend too much time talking to their friends/regulars, and smoking cigarettes to pay attention to the other customers' needs. The last time I was there the bartender was missing for about 15 -20 minutes, keep in mind she was the only bartender working that night! Where did she go? Who the Hell knows? The bar is dirty, people were bringing in their dogs, not service animals but their pets! The dogs were free to roam all over the bar area and one dog took a crap on the floor! The ironic part was it was the owner's dog!  Stay away from this place! Lousy service, inconsiderate bartenders, and dirty. The health department needs to take a look at Pandora's Lounge are start giving out some serious health code citations.
