5	For the best Chinese buffet dining in Eastern Mesa, we used to just whip over to China City Super Buffet, & that was that.  Well, not anymore!  Here comes the new "Number One", & is it ever!I knew this place would be something when the parking lot was full at 11:15 on a Wednesday morning!  Inside, there were already over a hundred cheery diners chowing down in this grand, beautiful restaurant!After getting set up in a comfortable booth, I counted up a big selection of 107 main food items, & started with some excellent Hot & Sour Soup.  After that, everything else was good too, so I'll just touch on a few things about this place:*  Sushi is prepared up-to-the-minute fresh in a little kiosk out on the floor, & what I had was REEEEALLY GOOD!  I said to myself, "This place is 5-Stars & I haven't even had any salad yet!"*  The seaweed salad & crab salad were both especially good.*  The Mongolian BBQ was extra special because there were a big 12 choices of veggies & fruit, plus 6 meats!  We're talking big shrimp, LAMB, & so on.  Yum!*  There was something they called, "Tam Para Veg".  It was fried (but not greasy) tempura things about the size of a golf ball, with broccoli & some kind of squash (pumpkin?) among the ingredients.  Whatever it was, it was GOOD!.*  After a plateful of those  :-))  there was lots of seafood!  The stuffed crab on the half-shell was especially good, & so was the seasoned, baked flounder.*  There were a zillion staff members, & they needed them!  They knew what they were doing, too.  The service was good, & the trays were not allowed to run out of food.*  By the time I left, the place was FULL of customers, & this is a BIG restaurant!*  Something amazing, Number One here...  & it lands near the top of my Chinese Buffet list for the whole Valley, not just Eastern Mesa!Lunch Buffet $7.49, Sr. $6.74
3	If you are hoping to go here for the "dish to die for" this is not the place. This is, after all, a Chinese Buffet. But it does offer the one thing I am always looking for when I go to a buffet, the ability to get FULL. They have a very good variety of dishes. Including a Sushi Bar. Now, being a big fan of Sushi, I have not tried this. Something about sushi at a Chinese Buffet just does not mix. But the rolls looked fresh.. In addition to the many varieties of dishes, they also have a Mongolian BBQ. Nice selection of items to add. It is not a full Mongolian BBQ, but is a nice addition to the already large selection of food. Also have a nice little dessert bar with some limited offerings. The nice topper to a pretty good value lunch/dinner. $10.00 including drink and meal. Couple of bucks for a tip. Out the door for $12.00. A pretty good value and good food. Better than the $12.00 burger/fry at Five Guys!!! (See other reviews.) If you are in East Mesa, give it a try. Just south of the 60 on Signal Butte. While you are there, drop your car off at the car wash next door. That review for a later time..
5	It's been several months since I reviewed #1 Eastern here, so I made the trek back over here to see if they still deserve to be calling themselves "#1" for the Eastern Valley.  Friend & fellow Yelper Mike C. joined me.Well, the long & short of it is that this is still a really great place!  Here are a few things that I jotted down during my visit today:*  The Hot & Sour Soup:  Amazing!*  Great Sushi, especially the Sara Mackerel.  (Eew, mackerel, right? Well, THIS mackerel is pickled, & it was reeeally good!)*  Delicious Egg Foo Young & gravy (& I'm fussy about it).*  One of the best Mongolian BBQs anywhere in the Valley...  super good, with SIX kinds of meat including lamb & big shrimp...  lots of good veggies too, & a really nice (ok, Chinese not Mongolian) Chef.  I just asked him to sauce mine up the way he likes his, & it was terrific!*  Absolutely 100% great service, after which I got thanked for coming 3 or 4 times on the way out!  These folks really appreciate the business, & maybe that's part of why this big place runs almost full all the time.I think #1 Eastern is still the very best in the Eastern Valley, & it's one of my favorite Chinese Buffets in all of AZ!  Make the drive!  Lunch Buffet $7.49, Sr. $6.74
4	This buffet is pretty good!  All sorts of items available in the buffet, and very fresh, not stuff that has been sitting all day, as seen at most buffets.  I learned of this place when coming out of LA Fitness, the smell is delicious from the street, and better when you experience the offerings.  Lots of space here, great for large groups, as well as small tables of 2.
5	Had lunch here with Rand H. and it was really good. I started with the hot and sour soup which was second to none.After that i ate a seafood plate containing coconut shrimp,fried shrimp, steamed sole.fried fish,stuffed crab shell and baked salmon all were very good but the salmon was on the dry side.Next plate had some excellent chicken wings a little 2 inch mini pizza(so so),steamed mussels and cheese,green beans, mushrooms and teriyaki chicken once again all were very good. then on to desert , well the chinese donuts were perfect not crunchy on the bottom at all. the rest were all your regular Chinese buffet sweets.Everything i ate here was real good and the service is great not much more you could ask for five stars.i
2	I'm not a big fan of buffets in general.  Every now and then I'll find a decent one.  This place got couple things right - it's in the East, it's a Super Buffet, but I think they exaggerated on the #1 part.  Needless to say I wasn't too impress.  Food was for sustenance, aside from that I think it definitely needs improvement.  I enjoy their concept of integrated the sushi bar in a buffet setting.  Why do all Asians go to Chinese Buffets? Crab Legs, my friends - yes Deadliest Catch is probably every Asian persons favorite show.  However the crab legs here were too soggy and salty - needs to be steamed and cleaned out better.  Though I did enjoy their fresh oysters, but then I can only stomach about 3 total.
3	I loved my favorite (divey) Chinese buffet in Chicago and  after reading all the great reviews of this place, I convinced Lynn W and Claire to drive all the wayyyyyyy out to BFE to try this place.  I had a hard time finding it in the large strip mall - it's to the left of LA Fitness on the side, behind In n Out and the car wash - As soon as you walk in you can see the islands and trays of food and I was happy to see how clean everything was.  We were seated, our waitress took our drink orders and we headed to the food. I tried a little bit of a lot of things - A lot of the appetizers were greasy and the crab ragoon was made with that fake crab and was ick.  The beef and broccoli was tasty as was the mongolian beef, although the ratio of veggies to beef seemed 4-1 in favor of the veggies.  For lunch they had a huge bowl of peel and eat shrimp that were just okay, a few of them were a little mushy and not tasting very fresh.  They do have a small sushi bar, but I don't do sushi and I didn't have anything from the Mongolian BBQ.  Overall the food was just okay, the place was very clean, and the waitress kept our drinks filled.Not sure I'd go back here again, there are other Chinese buffets in the area I'll have to try instead.
3	Rand H. has gotten me curious about these buffets he loves so much so off we went to for another super lunch. Claire and I met up with Robyn N. and had a nice leisurely lunch.  The location is a bit tricky.  It's on the side of LA Fitness so if you turn into the parking lot go past the front of LA Fitness and turn left.  It's in the corner of the strip mall.  Robyn beat us there so thankfully she texted me to tell me where it was otherwise I would have gone in circles.  My sense of direction is not so good.  :(Everything is super clean and the restaurant itself is nice.  The service was very good, our drinks were always full and plates clearned promptly.The food was good but nothing to rave about, imo.  The egg roll was a tad bit greasy for me.  The lo mein was good, plain with some cabbage and carrots mixed in.  Fried rice was decent as well.  I enjoyed the coconut shrimp and the string beans had a nice flavor and cooked perfectly.  Nothing really jumped out at me as being outstanding.  There is also a sushi bar and I did have some California rolls which were fresh and good.  For me, this was good but I'm not sure I would go back simply because it's a bit far from me.  Prices are on par with other buffets and the food is good.
5	The best buffet in the east valley, if you consider this still the east valley and not Florence West!  Still it is well worth the drive.  I love their Coconut Shrimp, Hot and Sour soup and most everything else, it is a buffet so liking everything is not a problem, there are many great items to chose from.  As my mother used to say, try a little bit to see if you like it first.
3	As far as Chinese Buffets goes you really can't beat this place. One downside is their attempt at Mongolian BBQ it's pretty bad. Their Sushi selection is surprisingly excellent. Definitely good value here for a large average buffet with good Sushi.
3	Great when busy and the food is hot, but I've noticed that it isn't as good when it's a bit slow like a Saturday afternoon.
4	I am usually not a fan of chinese buffets but this one is very good. The food is always fresh and the place is always clean. Great selection of sushi, love the crab wontons, and they have this crab that is smothered in cheese, yummy! They also have a mongolian section, lots of desserts, good little salad bar, overall a really great buffet.
2	We went to eat after new ownership had taken over this summer and found the food to be of lesser quality from before. The crab had alot of empty shells, food was dry looking and the sashimi looked like it had been out for awhile.  The service was good and the staff relatively friendly since the change in ownership but the food lacked in quality.  Too bad we really liked the food here before but we won't be going back.
3	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =I have been back to #1 Eastern here since my last update, but it's been over a year since saying anything about it, so here goes:Robyn N. & Mike C. joined me today, & both of them have been here before as well.  Meanwhile, #1 Eastern here has changed hands recently.  There aren't any major changes, & they still have the same Mongolian BBQ fellow.  He's good, but they have reduced the meat choices from 6 to 5 though, & the place has slipped a little overall in other ways as well.  For examples, the BBQ grill had to be started AFTER Robyn & I presented plates to be cooked, somewhat after opening time, leading to a long wait for our food to be cooked.  Why didn't they fire up the grill BEFORE they opened?  Did they think they wouldn't have any customers?  Actually, they DID have fewer than any of the other times I have been here, but things were going well enough by the time we left around noon.A couple of other missteps today were that they didn't keep the sauces, such as the Egg Foo Young gravy stirred, the Kim Chee was too salty, & the chocolate & vanilla soft ice creams  were backwards in the machine.As I keep an eye on nearly 200 buffets around the state & watch them either gradually fail, these are the small details that I have seen grow & grow.  Pretty soon you are seeing empty serving trays, lukewarm "hot" food, & then before long, a "CLOSED" sign.  Take Great China Super Buffet at Bethany Home & 15th Av. for instance.  It opened at 5 Stars, everything right!  Then, it was down to 4, then 3, now it's closed.  Hometown Buffet in Scottsdale is another place on the same path.  It was great for that kind of place, 5 Stars!  Then it was 4, then 3, & only 2 the last time I visited.  Poor selection of food, empty trays, snarky employees, missing tableware, poor food temperature control, & so on...  a place now begging to go out of business!  Customers gone?  Of course!  Who wants to still go to a place like that?  The only reason it was still open the last time I went seemed to be because it is owned by the parent company, & both the building & land are paid off so they don't need much business to limp on.  Otherwise, I think it would have been gone a long time ago.Meanwhile, in the past year we have seen certain buffets such as Crazy get BETTER, & terrific new ones open, such as Hibachi Grill (2 open, 2 more under construction).You have to stay ON TOP OF THINGS at a restaurant, & #1 Eastern is down to 3 Stars right now, as I see it.  Let's hope they give it a little tune-up before it's too late.  They used to have a line out the door waiting for available seating at 11:30 AM, including on weekdays!Lunch Buffet $7.99,$7.20 Sr.
4	I'm not going to waste too much time critiquing a buffet.  This places satiates your hunger.  It tastes good, there's a vast variety of options, and it's at a good price.  Whats not to like?
5	WIth Sashimi and Crab legs served, the Eastern Super Buffet worth the money you pay. Sushi...CheckedMongolia BBQ...CheckedRaw calm...CheckedShrimp....Checked Dessert & Ice Cream...CheckedJust a little far from Gilbert where I live. :P
1	Went for Saturday lunch with my family. $28 and change for 4 of us. We will not be going back.Tried, peppered chicken, generals chicken and an unmarked mystery chicken. All horrid. Actually had to spit the generals chicken out. Tasted like fried liver rather than chicken. Tried the mongolian BBQ. Thought to self, self I've never had badd MBBQ. I have now. It has been 5 hours since and I'm not sick or throwing up or anything so I guess you'll probably survive if you eat here. For $28 what do you expect.I've never written a review before but this place was so bad i had to. Pretty sure some of the 5 star posts work there or must of ate somewhere else.
1	I have been to this place before and have had an average experience here. Food is ok. Very Americanized flavors and since its a Buffett the food taste like it has been sitting. However today on Christmas decided to give it a try again since no other place around was open. We walked in to a smell of different foods,old fish and something else. I just about turned around but my husband had his heart set. Got a few items sushi, crab was not cracked, prime tub was tough and you had to cut it yourself. However, once we got back to our table it smelled so bad. I tried to eat my food but the smell of sewer was so overwhelming  I just wanted to get out of there. The staff is nice and friendly, however there is an obvious issue with cleanliness. I will never return.
3	For a buffet they have a great selection and a lot of choices for food. Some items are better than others to be expected. I really like their sushi and the Mongolian BBQ station. Had some amazing dumplings and dim sum, however the prime rib was really dry and could not locate a knife through out the entire restaurant. The crab legs are a big hit. The crowd tonight was the 55+ snow birds and the place was pretty crowded, for a good price, i believe dinner was $12.50 I will be returning. A good place for kids too lots of choices from traditional to American. Also they have ice cream and soft serve.
4	Our favorite place to go. Went here for dinner for the first time.  Great food!! Oysters in the half shell? I had no problem trying them and they were delicious.  We recommend this place to anyone who loves chinese buffet.
3	I continue to go to this place and it could be so much better if they kept the food hot! So often the food is just warm, and in some cases even cold. There's a microwave available and I'm thinking of using it next time.
4	This is where you can get not only good Oreintal food but good American choices. They have a wide selection and a sushi bar that is one of the best around. I love it when they have the dishes I like. I don't like it when something I usually like is not available. The sevice is always very good and all you can eat wow! That is good for the whole family or a group of people!
2	Was in the area today and decided to give this place a try.  I love Chinese food and thus am pretty tolerant of even mediocre versions of it (I draw the line at Panda Express--horrible!).  I also enter these buffets with moderate expectations, since the emphasis is typically on quantity and variety over quality.  The decor and layout are very nice.  The selection here is good.  And the service was friendly and efficient.   That's it for the positives.  This was some of the worst Chinese cuisine I've had in quite a while.  The Won Ton soup was bland.  There was no beef and broccoli (one of my favorites), so I separated some beef from the pepper steak and also tried the chicken and broccoli.  Usually only white meat chicken is used with the dish, but here it was difficult to tell.  Like the soup, these samplings were also very bland and not of particularly good quality.  Even the sweet and sour sauce just wasn't very good.  Same for the string beans.  The sweet and sour shrimp was probably the best tasting food of all that I tried.  (Note: I do not like crab nor sushi, so obviously didn't try any of that.  I notice that most of the positive reviews here focus on those selections, so perhaps they're better than the other fare)Overall I was very disappointed and regrettably I have to rate this place 2 stars (and that's being quite generous).  Pretty bad even by buffet standards.
4	It seems lately the food has been hotter.  Over the months I've complained about it too. I've been here about ten times now and have to say it is consistently good.
4	My family and I eat here often. I've never noticed any problems with cleanliness or smell as is written in some of the other reviews. Most times that I've been there, there is someone making fresh sushi, which is nice. Hot and sour soup is pretty good too.
5	They just opened an American Chinese food restaurant in China. Most probably they learn from the one in Mesa. This is the standard to which all Chinese restaurants should be measured.Freshly made food of all varieties. And there is no limit to how much you drink.Next time you have to cook at home you're better off driving to number one Easterm super buffet.
4	This is the best Chinese food buffet in the East Valley... Period...  The key to this buffet is to go when it is busy.  That way there is always good turnover on the food.  On slow nights because of the amounts of dishes food can get stale.  There is a lot of seafood on the buffet lines.  Snow crab, butter clams, peel and eat shrimp can always be found for dinner. As far as the Chinese dishes the coconut shrimp is fantastic.  Other dishes are as good as you would expect in a reasonably priced buffet.  There are about 40 in all and cover the usual range of proteins from Chinese food as well as rice and noodles. Service is always in a hurry moves around a lot of tables.Enough American food to keep the family happy as well.  Sushi and a Mongolian Wok are also available.  For desert the choices are limited but the green tea ice cream is worth a try.Overall a real consistent solid meal every time.
5	The food is always fresh. Sue is great. We eat here at least twice a month, but often times more than that. The variety is wide enough for almost any taste. Sushi, salad, fried foods, traditional favorites, crab, not to mention the Mongolian Grill. Prices are reasonable. It usually runs around $25-$27 for the two of us.
3	This good-sized Chinese Buffet, actually named "#1 Eastern Super Buffet," is over 30 miles from home for me, so it has taken a while to get back over here.  Anyhow, after arriving at 11 AM opening time today, they quickly filled to about half capacity with hungry diners, just like back in their 5-Star heyday of early 2010!Things started out very well.  I landed a comfortable both in the nice dining room, and began to enjoy some really good food from the selection of 131 main items, including bowls of both Won Ton and Hot and Sour Soup, salad with fresh Cilantro, and a big selection of 15 delicious Sushi varieties.  (5 Stars so far!)Then it was over to the Mongolian BBQ where things began to slip a bit.  The 17-item selection including 5 meats and such treats as shrimp and Water Chestnuts was excellent, but both the beef and chicken slices were frozen solid inside big ice cubes, and thus inaccessable.  (The chef chopped me out some of each with a meat cleaver, but he shouldn't have had to.)  Also, several of the fruits and veggie etc. serving trays for the BBQ were covered with an inch or two of ice cubes, making it hard to lift out the food!  (Down to 4 Stars!)The chef cooked my Mongolian BBQ perfectly, and it was delicious.  So were dishes to follow, such as REAL Egg Foo Young (not hockey pucks!), large, breaded fried Scallops, tasty breaded fried Zucchini, good fried chicken and so on.     :-)About then My check arrived at the table and they tried to overcharge me!  I complained to my server, she apologized, and returned with a proper check, which I submitted back to her with a credit card for payment.  (Now we're at 3 Stars!)Then it was on to making myself a Chocolate Sundae from the delicious, REAL ice cream, kept at just the right temperature to allow it to be easily scooped out and topped with REAL Hershey's syrup and whole peanuts.  Yum!     :-)BUT THEN...Ms. Server brings back my credit card slip to sign, AND IT'S BACK TO THE HIGHER, WRONG PRICE AGAIN!  This is SO NOT OK!!!   ONE STAR FOR THIS PLACE!!!  GRRR!!!     :-@ Ok, well then pretty soon my second mind says, "Unlax Homez, it could have been an honest mistake."Me:  TWICE???     :-OAll right...  So they fixed the bill again and it's back to 3 Stars for this popular restaurant that is excellent in many ways but still needs a tune-up!     :-|Weekday Lunch Buffet $8.49/$7.64 Sr.
3	It depends on what type of taste you have, but as a vegetarian there a few notable absences on the buffet.  (Spinach au gratin?)  Everything was hot and fresh and tasty, and the crab rangoon were yummy (very important item!).  At +12 mi. from home, I doubt I will return, but might if I was in the area and hungry.*Please take down your Christmas decorations, it's July!
4	Ordered sushi to go-California rolls-they were really good!!!  And cheap!  Only $4 per 8 piece roll.  Definitely have to try the Buffett or regular food items next but this will be my go-to place for sushi FOR SURE.
