5	It was late on that hot and muggy Carolina Friday, and most places were closed, but their sign caught my eye. The smell of falafel was a delicious draw, so we decided to stop in. This is not a restaurant. This is a hub. The small restaurant was full of good sights, smells, and the chatter of friendly people in languages I didn't understand. Women in headscarves talked animatedly to eachother while scooping up laughing children to sit on their laps. Families talked to all tables as they sat down to delicious food.  Behind the counter, herbed beef, chicken, and lamb sizzled as music from Jerusalem sounded over the system. Meet Izzat. He opened La Shish Kabob about two months ago after moving his family here from Jerusalem. When he invites you into his restaurant, it's like he's inviting you into his home. We gladly took a seat.SERVICE: Astounding. Very pleasant and hospitable, and when I realized that I had accidentally ordered something with onions and green peppers (my friend is allergic), they instantly made another one and apologized even though it was my err. Instead of the original lamb kebab that was ordered, he made something that was a little different to better suit my friend's food requirements, without even being asked. And it was delicious.FOOD: If you've never experienced good Middle Eastern food, experience it here. They have all of the classics, from falafel to baba ghannouj. The tabouli was out of this world (so much better than I make, I'm going to have to snag his recipe), with that clean and fresh parsley, lemon and olive oil flavor. The kebab wraps (chicken and lamb) were flavorful and huge. They also sell the brand of mango nectar there that tastes like you're drinking a whole mango. Delicious. The baklavah and other goodies in the case looked mouth-watering, but I was too full. That comes on round 2.PRICE: This is the awesome part. A heaping portion of tabouli for two, two lamb kebab wraps, one chicken kebab wrap, and 4 mango drinks comes out to: $26. So cheap for not only the portion size, but the quality and freshness as well.When you walk into this place, you can feel that it's good people. If you stay, you'll quickly realize that it's good people, AND great food. When it's all over, you'll also see that it's all for a really affrodable price. I highly suggest giving this place some love, because it's one of the few places that will give it back.
5	Can't believe this place doesn't have more reviews. We tried  the falafal wrap, chicken shawarma and the kafta kabob wrap. All three were excellent and exactly what we were hoping for. The kafta is a must try in my opinion and the owner was so nice!
4	Since I moved to Charlotte I have been craving a tasty, dirt cheap falafel sandwich. I had recently caught wind that this neighborhood was blossoming with Middle Eastern choices, and La Shish Kebob was exactly what I had been hoping for. For $3 you get a decent (not generous but also not stingy) serving of falafel surrounded by tomatoes, mint (at least I could have sworn it was mint), tahini, onion, pickled cucumbers and peppers. All of it is wrapped like a burrito in a pita bread. Could it have used a healthy dose of hot sauce (and I don't mean the Texas Pete they had sitting on the table), yes. but it was utterly delicious without. The restaurant is pretty standard for a strip mall outpost. I stayed to eat but that was just because I didn't trust myself to make it home without digging in. The gentleman behind the counter was helpful and let me know that they didn't have takeout menus in yet but they would on Monday. That's good news because as soon as I got home I was checking to see if I can make it to La Shish Kebob and back on my lunch hour...I can!
5	By far, the BEST mediterranean food in Charlotte, and absolutely the BEST service!!
5	Since I've moved to Charlotte three years ago (from southeastern Michigan), I have been in search of a place like this.  I have settled for mediocre Middle Eastern places in Charlotte to satisfy my cravings, but now La Shish Kabob is here for fresh, flavorful, reasonably priced Mediterranean cuisine.I came in on a whim during Ramadan.  The place was packed with families seated at tables connected together who were served family-style.  They were beyond busy, and I should've known better.  I came just at the moment they were all breaking fast.  In the midst of waiters rushing to serve their guests, a friend of the owners (I presumed) got up and took my order preceded by an offering to try a fig...which I took.  Yum.  They later offered me a stuffed grape leaf while I was waiting for my order.  Double yum.I ordered a sampling of food: falafel, kibbeh, chicken shwarma, hommos, baba ghanouj, and three honey-coated pastries that had a cream filling.  Everything was tasty, subtle flavors of fresh herbs, large portions, very filling...yummy leftovers.So, Charlotteans, let's keep this new eatery open.  Try it out.  You won't be disappointed. It's worth it, I promise.  If you're new to Middle Eastern cuisine, this will be a great introduction. Looking for a new take out to bring home that won't burn a whole in your wallet?  This is your place.  You are also looking for the "real deal"? Head there now : )
5	Hello, new found "one of my favorite" restaurants. My wallet thanks you, as well as my belly and tastebuds. I'm tempted to go there for lunch a second day in a row...it was that tasty!If you're looking for a casual place with authentic food, you'll want to check out  La Shish Kabob! It has a little bit of Middle Eastern decor inside, but you don't go for the ambiance...you go for the delicious cuisine! To start, we got the veggie combo: hummus, baba ganoush, and grape leaves. It comes with fresh sliced pita bread. Really after eating that plate, we were practically full. Next came our sandwiches: falafel and a chicken shawarma. The falafel was perfect! Crispy on the outside, but soft on the inside and seasoned to perfection. Halfway through the sandwich I knew I was stuffed, but my mouth didn't want to stop eating because of the flavor. For dessert we shared one baklava. It was pretty good. I prefer it made with pistachios, but this type was made with walnuts or pecans.There are approximately 5 tables, but if you don't want to stay, plenty of people were ordering "to go." This place was steady during lunch. One of the best things about this place, besides the quality of the food, is the price...we left under $20 including tip! We will definitely return...probably as early as today...see you there!
5	Talk about authentic! The owners are from Jerusalem, and there's a tiny menu board at the front of the shop, where menu items are spelled out in Arabic in bright chalk.  Prices are super cheap, and you get a lot of food. There isn't much ambiance here, and that's OK.  It's a small joint in a strip center featuring some ethnic food marts and just down the street are some check-cashing shops. It's an easily overlooked restaurant. There are also no formal menus, just paper fold-out ones. The falafel here truly is one of the best I've had in Charlotte.  Very crispy and not too herbacious (Kabob Grill is one of my faves, but the falafel can sometimes be too green inside.) The falafel wrap is only $3! It comes with tahini and some slivers of red onion. The 8 pieces for our appetizer were just $3.99. I got the hommous and shwarma platter with the house salad.  The salad of thinly shredded lettuce, cucumbers, red onion and dressing was a nice pairing to the rich and creamy hommous in olive oil. The dish (photo enclosed) was enormous and $7.99. BTW: You can buy an entire roast chicken (a-la Costco style) seasoned with their own mix of herbs and spices, for $7.99!  For $24, you can get a 4 piece meal to take home, which features 2 whole chickens! What I loved was the variety of people who walked through the doors during my lunch.  Police officers, men in business suits, small kids.  Keep in mind, there is no sweet tea/iced tea.  Just canned sodas, some juices and drinks written in Arabic, and waters.  In addition to dessert (which was a pisachio pastry in flaky phyllo, not as sticky and over sweet as baklava...just the right portion size, about the size of a half-dollar coin) they sell meat pastries and buns. I'm not in this neighborhood often, but when the craving for Middle Eastern strikes, I'll be back!
5	They have the best Falafel I ever had... by far.   I have been eating Falafel my whole life in NYC an LI and would of been happy just to find a place that even offered it in Charlotte... but this place totally blew away my mediocre expectations.  I haven't had anything else here because I can not pass up on the amazing Falafel.  Oh, and it's $3!!!
5	Calling all Muslims and Jews!  Peace in the Middle East (or Middle Earth, as Bruno calls it) is possible through food.  We saw all types of people eating here when we had dinner.  The owner and chef looks like that dude from Survivor a few years ago, with the tie-dye shirt and curly hair.  And wow, does he make a mean kabob.  Their signature dish appears to be the kabob platter with three kabobs and kafta.  The kafta was served over a bed of delicious brown rice and with a grilled tomato that oozed with flavor.  Heavens to Betsy, it was good.  The apple of my eye (the wife) had the lamb special and she said its authenticity almost did her in.  The lamb was tender with a yoghurt sauce and nuts.  Lots of great food and very reasonably priced.  If you go, pick up a CD of Arabic Groove, roll down the windows of the car and blast it as you approach this small gem of a restaurant on the east side (yes, the east side, say it proud, say it loud) of Charlotte.
3	DAMN YOU EXPECTATIONS!  After all these raving reviews, I dragged my newly-found-food-loving boyfriend past my usual quickie hole in the wall middle eastern place on Central Ave. to try out this new hole in the wall for an early dinner.  The place looks promising as we walked in: small, nothing fancy, and a table of middle eastern diners... my thought was, SCORE!With all the options it was hard to make a decision.  But I was determined to try the lentil soup so I ended up getting the half roast chicken with 2 sides, one side being the soup and the other being the special rice ($7.99).  He ordered a falafel sandwich wrap ($2.99) and a chicken chicken shawarma sandwich wrap ($3.99).  Lentil soup was different, almost has a hint of squash taste, plus it's my first non-green lentil soup, but it was otherwise yummy and perfect for an unexpected day of cold weather.  Then the rest of the food arrived.  The 2 sandwich wraps were huge for the price... but disappointingly they had more fillers (tomato/cucumber/etc.) than the meat and the sauce so the taste got washed off a little.  The falafel one was definitely better; it was perfectly crispy fried and well seasoned.  Meanwhile my half chicken and rice looked impressive.  I swear there's enough rice to feed a family of four on the plate.  But as I forked my way into the chicken, it was unbelievably DRY!  I seriously could not even eat the wing because it was bone dry.  The skin looked yummy golden brown but lacked flavor... so if the skin had no flavor, imagine how bland the meat was.  It's so dry that even the dark meat was getting tough, which I didn't even think was possible.  What a let down :(  The only saving grace of my plate was the garlic sauce... it looked like a lump of mayo, but it was garlic-y.  I smeared it all over everything to give my plate some much needed taste.Since it's my 1st visit, I am not going to write it off yet.  I think next time I'll give their kafta a try.  But my suggestion is to stay away from the chicken.  The only other high point of yesterday's visit was the discovery of a newly open Nile Grocery and Ethiopian Restaraunt sign that was being put up as I was fighting a losing battle with my chicken.
5	Holy crap is this place good.  When a co-worker said he wanted to take me to grab Palestinian grub for lunch, I'll admit, I wasn't that excited.  He saw it advertised in the Observer.  When we pulled up outside of the strip mall where this place is located, I was less excited.  Stepping inside your eyes won't be impressed, but your nose will, and soon, so will your tastebuds.Nothing fancy about this joint, but the food is outstanding (they were actually cooking an authentic Jordanian dish as a lunch special) and the service is warm.  I tried the Shwarma meal, which is two slightly grilled pitas stufed with chicken shwarma, veggies, and a cool sauce served with slaw and fries.  Really good.  Coworkers ordered chicken shish kabob wraps and kafta wraps.  Both claimed they were outstanding.  The hummus at the table behind us looked great, too. Maybe the best part, though, is that the meal was cheap.  Ridiculously cheap.  You can even grab seasoned rotisserie chickens in a family deal to go...something like two chickens, rice, a side (I think) for something like $24.  Not a bad deal.If they were located on East Blvd, they would have a line out the door every day during lunch and could charge twice as much.Not very many places to sit inside, so arrive in an "off" time or plan on getting it to go.Great work.  Looking forward to going back.
5	My cousin told me about this spot months ago, I feel stupid for taking so long to go. I went with some friends for an early dinner and ordered the chicken shawarma & hommos with my two sides being salad and special rice. While we were waiting on our meals the guy working there gave us a sample of falafel. This was my first experience with falafel and it was AMAZING we actually ordered eight pieces. After knocking out the falafel our. Meals came out with enough food for a small army. I tried my hardest to finish my amazing hommos and rice but had to throw the towel in. Will definitely be back and hoping I can make it there from uptown on lunch!
5	This place is my JAM! Thankfully, I'm located less than 2 minutes from this little gem of a place and since discovering it on 9/29, I've been 6 times. That's right - 6 times in 8 days.I can't get enough of their falafel wrap, and let me explain why:1. 2.99 - with tax, total comes out to $3.642. Falafel is so moist, yet perfectly fried - it's a miracle and sin all in one3. The salad they put on it is always fresh, light and cool4. Please see #1 & #25. Izzat is always there and while I can't understand a word of what he says over the phone, when I walk in he is always smiling and asking after my health (Perhaps he wants to be sure I am in good health so I can continue to put his kids through college thanks to the rate at which he sees me).6. Please see #1-5So yes, I am in LURVE with this place and you should definitely try it. I've also had the grape leaves (good, salty though!), the hummos (home run, all the way, amazing) and the Babaganoush (yummy). An accomplice on one of my visits tried the Chicken wrap and before I could ask for a bite it was gone, so that also says something ;)As others have said, don't let the shanty strip mall it's in get you down - this really is a very real, honest establishment that appears to really hold onto their roots and rock the Casbah of tastebuds in my mouth!
4	What the dining area in this tiny strip-mall restaurant lacks in ambiance is made up in spades by the fresh and authentic flavors of the Middle East.  Truly this is a diamond in the rough, worth seeking out for well-known favorites like hommos, tabouli, and falafel.In many senses, walking into LSK is no different from walking into an American deli.  A couple glass cases hold cold salads and meats.  There is a fryer and grill behind there.  A small case behind the register holds desserts.  Tables are basic and laminated menus are plentiful.  A closer look, though, tells you this is something different.  First off, the meats in the coolers are skewered on what looks like large swords.  Large skewers rotate on the grill over a gas flame.  Cold salads include tabouli, hommos and baba ganoush.For my first venture in, I made lunch out of an order of falafel and stuffed grape leaves.  I watched as 8 small patties were scooped with a small tool and fried fresh before me.  They came out so hot that I couldn't close the container they were served in.  A quick taste proves what others have said- just the right mix of chewy texture inside with a crisp outside.  Moist and flavorful, these were a home run.Stuffed grape leaves were perfectly portioned and came with a lemon-like dipping sauce.  These were slightly pungent by themselves, but the lemon sauce punched them up perfectly, like a counter-weight, adding some acid to the mix to balance the flavors.  I'd have some more, please.Though I skipped it, the hommos looked creamy and fresh, and even the small order seemed enormous on the plates of other diners.  Wraps with shwarma or kafka looked huge and give me something to consider next time.There are also daily lunch specials the owner, Izzat, will happily show you.  Braised lamb shank looked strong once unveiled, if that's you thing.Gotta love the mix of regional flavors coming out of East Charlotte right now.  Asian, Latin American, Indian, and Middle Eastern: all are well-represented here.  Now if only it weren't such a trek to go explore.  Luckily, LSK makes it worth the trip.
3	Fantastic service!!!  The owner is waiting on you with more enthusiasm and friendliness than you could imagine.  OPEN Kitchen is a big plus!  Huge Dessert display in Dessert Fridge! The flavor of everything was good.  If you like mild and I don't mean spicy hot or mild, though nothing was spicy hot either.  The Turkish Coffee was A-OK.  Lamb Shank, was super tender fell off the bone and had a nice flavor, the Tabouleh, Baklava, Special Rice, were way too plain.  The Beef Shish Kabob was the only item that had a zing to it and I would give it a 3.5 yelp stars, everything else I got was 3 stars or less. Everything was much milder than I'm used to, which I say because some probably prefer it this mild.
5	This place gets it.  "It" being the understanding that cheap food can be fresh and tasty.  And that is what makes people come back.  I am by no means a falafel lover, but after trying one of this places (thanks to my wife ordering it), it might be what I get next time.  Don't bother getting the wrap, get the appetizer (8 balls of goodness vs 3 for the same price.  Knowledge happily shared by the owner himself, love that).  Get the hummus too, it is quite tasty.  I had the mixed kabob platter - the chicken and lamb were nice, tender and flavorful.  I wasn't a huge fan of the ground beef one.  Hard to beat the bang for the buck you get at La Shish Kabob.
4	Every time I visit my family in Charlotte, we always seem to stumble upon some fun strip mall with a bunch nondescript ethnic restaurants. Last Monday afternoon was no different, and we found ourselves at La Shish Kebob. As soon as we walked inside, we had a good feeling about the place. The guys behind the counter were jovial, the TV was blaring news in a language neither of us understood, and there were a ton of beverages in the fridge case that neither of us recognized. My cousin got a lamb kebab wrap, and I ordered the chicken shawarma plate. We shared an app plate of hummus, kibbeh, and falafel. Everything was just fantastic. The hummus was some of the best I've had, and the large pita was warm and fresh. The falafel was superb: crunchy on the outside, tender on the inside, and obviously fried to order. The kibbeh, which I'd never tried, was also outstanding: to me, it was like the Middle Eastern version of arancini, and I loved it. The meat was spiced well and the rice was not dry or crunchy. Cousin loved his lamb kebab wrap; I enjoyed my shawarma wrap as well. The chicken was a little dry, but it wasn't anything the hot sauce, lemon-garlic sauce, and garlic mayo couldn't fix. It also came with fries, which were nothing spectacular, but went well with the garlic mayo (and really, you don't go to a kebab place for the fries!). Price was more than reasonable and the portions were generous. The service was also fantastic; not sure if the guy serving and ringing us up was the owner, but he was very nice and very enthusiastic about everything. We thanked him profusely before waddling our fat asses back to the car.
3	Some hits, some near hits and some misses. I grew up with some of this cooking at home and I'm very picky. I started with the appetizer sampler-The humus is delicious, period. Four stars. Me I'd rather have big fat black olives and a dash of paprika on top instead of chickpeas but no biggie. I brought home a container and I'll garnish it my way. -The pita is the right kind, not those crappy "pocket pitas" possibly invented by the Israelis because the Arabs always do the wrap thing. -The baba ganoush good but not great. At least it wasn't bitter but way too much tahini, it drowned the eggplant. Then again no one does eggplant as well (and in so many ways) as the Turks do. -The grape leaves were a fail. Small, way too soggy.- The Turkish style ground lamb and spices wrap that was really good, lots of flavor lots of spices. I brought a couple of baklavas home, they were ok.
5	The best food mediterranean food in Charlotte.  The shawarma is amazing, the hummus is rich and delicious, and the falafel is incredible and perfectly fried.  It is beyond fantastic with a wonderful owner and food that is authentic, reasonably priced, and you should go out of your way to eat hear as you will not be dissapointed!
4	The first time coming here with my parents for a dinner, they arrived first and they thought this wasn't even a restaurant. Walking in, it seemed as if it was a small shop, a grocery store even. Instead they had tables and a kitchen with pictures of food and the tv channel set on a foreign news channel. The first thought came to me as: 'Hm. This should be an interesting experience.' As the manager, or owner, came out he was very nice. He showed us the specials for the day as well as gave us menus. And the menu items, well lets just say it was pretty cheap. When the food came out (I bought a rotisserie chicken) the portions were plentiful. The rice wasn't the usual rice I usually eat, but it was mixed with spices and a little dry (that's the way the rice is supposed to be cooked) and it tasted awesome.We also ordered the lintel soup, which was also good. At the price, no wonder why people love this place. There wasn't a ton of options on the menu, but as people say "quality, not quantity" this place really defines it. However the quantity of the food that comes out on the main dish is plentiful.However, there are some things to keep in mind when you come here to eat. They don't have 'free' water when you eat there. It isn't a bad thing, but when the prices are that low, it's understandable. And also, this place is definitely a take-out restaurant. Call in, take an order (or go there and make an order) and enjoy at work or wherever the day takes you. Overall though, I couldn't decide to give it a 4 or 5. I want to give it a 5, but I think I'll have to come here several more times to get me to scaled to that level. Next time I come though, I'll definitely bring my own water!
4	I had fairly high expectations going in, and I'm so glad La Shish Kabob did not disappoint.  I plan to make many future trips to this little place.My partner and I both had the lamb kabob wrap.  Inside, the lamp was so tender and wonderfully flavored.  I can't quite figure out what the spices are.  The hummus and the veggies inside were delicious.  I also had the falafel - I just loved the flavor, and the texture was perfectly crispy on the outside but soft on the inside.  My decor inside was not much, of course- just a few tables you can sit at.  Very plain decor and limited seating, but it's a good place to get take away.  The prices are very affordable; our wraps were $5 each and we got an 8 count falafel for $4.  All our food was made fresh while we waited.  The staff was quite friendly and helpful.I'm excited about going back soon.
4	This is definitely one of those places that make me grateful for Yelp, because I never would have found it without it. I would give it 5 stars for service, value, grilled kabobs, buttery delicious baklava and hommos.  The chicken was really well-seasoned and perfectly cooked (often kabobs can be burnt and cardboardy). We were really pleased with our meals that were so reasonably priced.What deducted a star for me is the odd deli ambiance with trays of food sitting out as well as the baba ghanoush which missed the mark for me. Perhaps it is the traditional way they prepare it in Jerusalem, but I prefer the more Greek/Morroccan way with more eggplant/lemon than creamy white stuff. Yeah, I said it. No creamy white stuff for me. (Good thing I'm never running for office.)I got three pieces of baklava for the office mates to go which were a major crowd pleaser. They were more buttery than typical Greek baklava than I've had, but I really enjoyed it. A great alternative if you're stuck in the midlands of Charlotte at a car dealership and your food tank is running on empty. I'll definitely be back.
4	La Shis KaBOMB !Cheap...fresh....excellent flavors...nice people !!Ya just cannot beat it !
4	Make that 3 1/2 stars.I've eaten here several times now and have a better opinion. The owner is a seriously cool dude, Salaam habibi. 8^]The Turkish Donner Kabab - ground lamb with spices- with "special rice" is a killer combo, I don't get tired of it.Both the Humus and the Tabouli are terrific and available to take home by the lb (or 1/2 lb) at supermarket prices or cheaper - you can't beat that. The falafel is really very good, but what goes into the wrap is a bit of a let down. My always easy going, "all's good" companion - and serious falafel freak- herself told me that next time she'll order the falafel with the special rice instead of the wrap. This plus the previously mentioned Baba Ganoush and grape leaves are the reason I can't give it four stars.
5	very small restaurant.service was good, Food was great!
5	Very good food. I had lamb cooked in some sort of yougurt on a bed of special rice. We had Kullaj for dessert, that is a similar to a Baklava with cheese, real good. Everything is freshly cooked and middle-eastern home style. The owner is from Jerusalem and is very helpful and proud explaining how his food is prepared. This place is small and with a bunch of people coming for lunch. They have Musakhan on Wednesday.Definitely a keeper.
5	Went there today with 4 colleagues, one of which is from Jordan. The food was hearty and delicious. I suggest as a rule getting the special of the day or a couple of the sides. The kunafa was delicious.
4	This place is one of Charlotte's best in my opinion.  The location is in the rugged N. Sharon Amity Rd & Albermarle Rd area, but is surrounded by other restaurants and markets catering to the Middle Eastern community.  The food is reasonably priced and tastes superb.  The Turkish coffee is well worth a try as well, although don't expect it to be similar to your run of the mill stuff --- which is precisely why it's good.I've been here 3 times, but only been able to eat there twice.  Before going the first time, I called to make sure they would be open late and was told they would be open until 11pm (not midnight like on the Yelp page).  When we got there all of the chairs and tables were outside and they were ripping up the floor and they were obviously closed for the evening.  This was at 10pm on Valentine's day, but while we were disappointed we were still undeterred.The next couple times we had the tabbouleh which was quite good, but like another poster said it is pretty lemony and also has a lot more liquid in it than one's I've previously had.  It is still very good though.  It comes with a pita, but we had to remind the guy the first time after which he gave us one pita (not enough) and the second time we automatically got two.   We also had the combination kebab plate with rice which was really good.  The second time we went my GF really wanted the rice (she loved it) and asked the guy if he could just sell us some rice, but he said that he couldn't and that since he isn't the owner he couldn't make the choice.  (we secretly wondered about that since he's always there and sometimes has his family there! haha, but oh well!)The hummus/hommos is also good.We also had a schwarma and a falafel our second time eating there and really liked them both.  Our Middle Eastern friend who joined us was a little ambivalent to it all so I still am not sure what he thought of it.A lot of Middle Easterners frequent this place which is a good sign.  I really liked the food and I am dying to go back.  The people are hospitable and the prices reasonable.  The place's decor is no frills, but when the food is that good you don't need to dress things up.
5	This place is everything that is RIGHT about the middle east. Great service, Great food, a crappy atmosphere that just screams "We are serving amazing food not supplying comfy chairs". I cant wait to return, truly a hidden gem.
5	super!!!I am a bit of a critic when it comes to good Middle Eastern food especially since I have some of the best cooks in my family.The "special rice" is a must order.  It is so savory and literally melts your mouth. The vegetarian selection here is awesome!  The man who own this place is a hoot!  The first time I came in he had his adorable little daughter at the counter and the interaction between the two of them was priceless.I have been coming at least 3 times per week!  You will not find a better place to delight your tastebuds!
4	I'm kicking myself for not going here sooner!One thing Charlotte doesn't have a lot of is good middle eastern food.  If you find yourself in need of an emergency fix, get yourself to La Shish Kabob, STAT!  It's only a ten minute trip from uptown Charlotte.I had the mixed grilled kabob plate, which is a sampler of all their chunk meat and kafta kabob offerings over a delicious rice pilaf.  Very, very tasty stuff.  Make sure you ask for the red and green hot sauces (relishes, really) that they keep behind the counter.  That'll take your meal over the top.I tried their baba ghanoush and hummos, and both were excellent.To top it all off, the guy who runs the place looks like a characher from lord of the rings.  You'll know what I'm talking about when you go try this place out, which you should do immediately.
1	What are the other reviewers talking about?  This place is horrible!  Do not eat here!!We went there for lunch on a Sunday.  The place itself looked shabby but it had a lot of people there eating so we decided to give it a try because of the great reviews on Yelp.  We ordered our food at the register and payed for it.  Then I noticed that the cook was handling the money with gloves on but then goes back to cooking without changing gloves!!  I was pretty grossed out but I figured we had already paid for the food so I was going to eat it and pray that we don't get sick from it!  The food was not that great!  We barely ate any of it!!Then after we had finished we went back to our car and we were sitting there for a minute in the parking lot looking up directions and the cook knocks on our car window!  We opened the door and he says "You not pay me!"  So we told him that we payed when we ordered the food and then he just walked away!  What a strange experience!!
4	Falafel pitas, with hot sauce?  Delish!Hummus?  Delish!Tabbouleh?  Delish!Babba ganoush?  Delish!Service?  Outstanding!  (The owner loves children... has a gaggle of them himself.)Price?  5 pitas, hummus, tabbouleh, baba ganoush, and a bag of pitas ~$25.00The BEST picnic to-go in Charlotte.
5	This is some of the BEST food you will EVER taste.  The SERVICE IS EXCELLENT!!! No need to run down the list of their dishes I have had everything and its all done to PERFECTION!! From the prices to the portions this guy KNOWS how to treat a customer!
5	Local Middle Eastern eats! You seriously cannot beat La Shish Kabob. It is inexpensive, fast and DELICIOUS! Their lentil soup and vegetable/special rice are the best things in the house. Their lamb shanks are a close second. The location is a bit on the seedy side, but it is worth the detour. Lots of regular eaters at La Shish; it is that good! What are you waiting for? GO!
5	Inspired by multiple viewings of The Avengers back in the summer, my husband and I decided we really wanted to try shawarma. Although we'd never had it, Tony Stark's obsession and the ensuing post-credits scene were enough to spark our own shawarma craze. We were driving past La Shish Kabob one day and I noticed the neon sign indicating our quest could find its resolution there. I remembered reading many glowing reviews of the place here on Yelp. Within a day or so we had found our shawarma salvation, and it's less than a five-minute drive from home.This unassuming hole in the wall is cramped and chaotic, but it is home to some of the best Middle Eastern food in town. Don't let the lack of fancy atmosphere steer you away from what could be your new favorite joint.We now eat here or get takeaway at least two or three times a month. Yes, the shawarma is outstanding. Their falafel is the best I've ever had and the hummus is high up there, too. As a lifelong dolmas aficionado, I have to say theirs are the best I've had since I was a kid and visited an Egyptian family that my dad knew. My husband and I love to get the appetizer plate, always with hummus and dolmas. Everything we've tried has been incredible.
5	This place is awesome. We drive well across town to partake in some delicious, well marinated and perfectly cooked chicken kabobs, beef, goat, lamb... kefta, pilaf, hummus, falafel. It's all good. The owner is very friendly too. In an unremarkable shopping center but excellent and worth the trip. Husband and I usually order the mixed meat plate of three kabobs, (you can pick whatever he has that day - comes with pilaf and small salad ), hummus plate and falafel which is plenty of food and usually enough for lunch the next day too.
5	Anyone who loves great food should eat here. Authentic Middle Eastern food. Great shawerma, falafel, kibbeh, hommos, tabbouleh, baba ganosh and lentil soup. The ONLY place to go in Charlotte for Middle Eastern food.
4	Very good!Authentic, cheap, and fast.I could basically live off the lentil soup, and that's just a side item.Check out the whole lamb shanks!
4	If you're a fan of Middle Eastern food, this is the place for you! Though small,it packs a big punch with its robust menu. Portions and prices were exceptional.... Will be a favorite....
4	Have been here a couple times now and have had mostly good experiences. I tried the kibbeh, tabouli, hummus, lamb kabob sandwich and shwarma. I've enjoyed everything, especially the hummus, except for the shwarma. Honestly, I've had better. But that's not enough to keep me from going back. The place always smells so awesome and there's still a million things on the menu I haven't tried yet!
4	Love the food. Has become a weekly spot for us now. Only complaint would be not always getting everything with a to-go order. Just make sure you double check before heading out. Otherwise... Great!!
5	What can I say that already has not been said?Everything we have ever eaten there is kick*ss. So if you ever go to another "Middle Eastern" food joint, beware. This place sets a high standard.This is the only place we would eat at in Charlotte. Well, we did go to the Penguin when it was good, but then it changed management...Anyway, grab a bite here. You will probably come back a few days later, it is that good. The lamb on rice, OMG. It is a huge portion, so go in hungry. And the flavor is like no other, incredible. The Fattoush salad is amazing. Get the Family Meal and go for a picnic then play some disc golf and go back and get the Lamb Shank.Well worth the drive from Cornelius.We miss this joint.
4	Not bad at all if you can ignore the less than posh ambience?  falafel very tasty but little dry, likewise for the chicken shawarma!  The Lentil soup is extremely pgood with a lil kick spice with a Turkish hint of flavor.  We ll be back to try other Arab delights little pricy FYI
4	This is some phenomenal Mediterranean food that won't break the bank. I have eaten here a few times and it leaves me always wanting more of their food. Each item is perfectly prepared with a great mixture of spices and flavors.The one tip I will share in this review is that all Mediterranean food is very similar, but it's also very different. So if you're looking for a specific dish you might not find it here because while it's Mediterranean food, it's really Lebanese. This creates dishes with slightly different spices but still a delight for any Mediterranean food lover.
5	Great food!! We go here at least once a month.  Definitely get the lamb shank - enough to feed 2 people.  And the price is as good as it gets!
3	Stopped by this place for lunch last week. My first visit. Not much to look at but I wasn't there for the decor. I ordered a falafel wrap to go. Wow! Great flavors. The wrap was outstanding! The price was nice too, $3.99. I need to go back and try the shawarma. One tip: if you have a job that requires you to talk to the public, the falafel wrap might not be the best choice if you are on a lunch break. Plenty of onions & garlic in this one. I'll be back for another go on my day off!!
4	Tons-o-Rice.  My favorite is the kalfta and the lamb shank. The place looks sketchy and not a lot of seats cause it's mainly a take-out restaurant, but you won't regret going there.  I question the desserts that's just laying on the counter where flies can get to. The lemon/ oil salad dressing needs some tweaking, it lacks in flavor. Over all nice place for some hardy mid east food. I'd eat it. I'd eat it goooood.
5	The food is so amazing. Get the lamb. you'll miss out on something majestic if you don't. And totally don't be discouraged by the location. it's fast, they are incredibly friendly and you'll get two plates worth out of what you order. it was my first time eating middle - eastern food and i will be back without a doubt.
5	Go there! Get the lamb kabob. Pay the extra buck for the special rice. Ask for all the sauces because they're all amazing. We got the appetizer sampler thing and everything was delicious. The lentil soup is crazy good. You CANNOT go wrong here. Tons of awesome, fresh food at a very reasonable price. Oh, and don't expect atmosphere because there is none but it seems to be mainly a takeout place anyway.
5	The food here is spectacular and an amazing bargain. The portions are so huge I ended up packing over half of it up to take home. The restaurant is small, clean and by no means fancy with friendly people there to help you (the best kind of place for me). The proprietor was very helpful when we asked questions and when he took the lid off his braised lamb shanks I'm fairly certain my eyes rolled back into my head. I posted a picture of the refrigerator case where the kabobs and salads are, which you can see is all very fresh and ready to go. I only wish I'd taken a picture of the rotisserie, but once the food came out I had a one-track mind. The baba ghannouj is absolutely amazing. The eggplant is cooked on the grill so you get far more smoky flavor than you ordinarily get in it. Admittedly we didn't leave a whole lot of it to bring home since it came to the table with hot flat bread and we pounced on it like a pack of hungry wolves, so I had to get another order to go. You know... for medicinal purposes.. :)The lamb kabob was very tender, even though it was slightly overcooked for my taste (which actually says quite a lot since lamb is usually not tender if overcooked). The spiced rice was very delicious and probably way too much of it but I won't complain since that means more delicious leftovers. In general their 'side dishes' are not side portions - if you have soup you get a whole bowl, not a cup, and the rice seems almost bottomless. And as long as we're on the subject of their soup, the lentil soup is absolutely delicious - perfectly seasoned and while we had it on a warm June day I could definitely see a bowl of this stuff setting the world back to right on a cold winter day. The side salad was very crisp and fresh with chopped lettuce, tomatoes and cucumber laced with parsley and mint. It arrives undressed and you drizzle it with the lemon juice at the table, it hits a whole lot of right spots on a hot day.***** 3/26/2014 *****Move forward and after MANY visits this wonderful find still rates a solid 5 stars and then some! I've been back several times and had various items on the menu. Every one of them amazing. And remember my comment on my lamb being slightly overdone? Ya, forget that... the owner remembers me from the first time I brought this up, and ALWAYS remembers exactly how I like my lamb cooked. That personal touch is what pushes this place WAY over 5 stars for me. Plus have you seen the sanitation rating???? How many perfect scores do you see these days.. but it doesn't surprise me. This restaurant is meticulously clean. Not just up front either - if you peek back into the kitchens you can see they are also very clean and well organized.
5	This place is amazing.  The food is made fresh every day, and I have never had better falafel or hummus, anywhere.I get the falafel wrap once or sometimes twice a week, and ask them to add their homemade green hot "sauce" which is made with jalapenos, lemon juice and garlic. Delicious!  It's also great mixed into hummus.Also, I don't know what kind of incredible Lebanese pickles they put in the falafel wrap but I'd buy a whole container of them if I could!I took a variety of treats to a recent NASCAR race for tailgating and my friends were blown away by how delicious everything is.I really can't say enough wonderful things about La Shish Kabob.  Unlike so many Mediterranean places, everything is FRESH and homemade, and that makes all the difference in the world!!!
3	First time there, friendly service, food was ok. Get the lentil soup and call it a day.
5	Location, sketchy. Food, phenomenal. This place is one of the defining reasons why I LOVE Mediterranean food. The spices, herbs, meat, EVERYTHING is incredibly fresh. I had quite the sampling of food so I did get a good idea of the beautiful things this place is capable of. Even with the large sampling the bill was quite reasonable.If you're a fan of Mediterranean food or you just love great food this is a great place to get some of the freshest and most flavorful food you'll ever have.
5	If you're looking some pretty good food, La Shish is your place!The food here is delicious and priced very well. The portions are large, so sharing is definitely an option (that is if you can pull yourself away from your yummy dish).The restaurant is cozy with a really friendly manager, he's very helpful and kind. I've been here a few times, and I think I finally have a favorite. Shwarma's are great, and the homemade hummus is something I could eat by the spoonful O_o !!! I love getting the 3 Kabob plate which comes with lamb, chicken, and kafta. KAFTA KAFTA, so so so yummy. I mean I pretty much ate all of that first, then the lamb, followed by whatever chicken I could fit into my belly. This is a good choice if you want to share or try a few different things. The food here is always on point and I've never had a bad experience. I'm a huge fan of La Shish Kabob, and will be back soon.
5	Okay. 1 word. Spectacular!Food is 10/10. Get the Shawarma, cannot go wrong with both chicken or lamb.Service is 10/10. Prompt and hot and fresh.Quality, guess what? 10/10. Lamb was tender and perfect.Hospitality: 10/10. Owner is so nice. Will definitely come back here again even though I'm a few hours away.
5	Food is amazing!!! Best Bang for the Buck! Definitely worth the drive
4	Four stars +A year and over three dozen meals later I'm raising its rating. No, not everything is perfect, that doesn't happen anywhere but the food consistently more flavorful than it has right to be for a falafel joint - I suspect the owner is a foodie himself. Usually with Arabic food I'm not drawn to meat dishes primarily, La Shish being the exception. I really like the Adana kabob, the mixed grill with special rice is a meat eater delight, even the chicken shwarma made me go like Larry David : "don't know what the Palestinian did with the chicken but it's out of this world!" Well, no it's not but it's really really good. I recommend sharing a Foul Madamas appetizer, the taste always bring a smile to my face. I usually take home a container of their humus, priced like supermarket crap but so much better.  One thing: made without preservatives so you really want to eat within a few days.  The local Muslim community fully supports the restaurant  and it does a brisk business (Friday after prayer is a zoo in there!) but in spite of the many positive reviews I rarely if ever saw fellow gringos or gringas eating there. We've never felt anything less than 110% safe eating there ourselves, but I did hear otherwise from locals so I'll end with this caveat: For adventure tourists only ! Not recommended for the tour bus or all inclusive cruise crowd.  8^P
4	It's open until midnight.That alone makes me happy, but there is a lot to this little place other than keeping convenient hours. Maybe I'm hungry at 11 cause I didn't get a chance to eat earlier & don't feel like a high fructose corn patty from MickeyD's or some other fried abortion swimming in grease. Too harsh, I love bar food and late night Chinese, but sometimes I need something else that's open late besides, fast food or a Denny's. Something I won't completely regret eating.Too much ranting about the inconsequential...again.La Shish is a hole in the wall Mom & Pop establishment. There's no pretension, no linens, no giggling strumpets on dates with tall doofuses, just solid Middle Eastern food at reasonable prices. The simplest things are always the best. They serve up well seasoned grilled lamb, chicken and beef kabobs. Their fries are a meh minus, but I feel like an infidel getting them here anyway. Then there's my favorite refrain for any restaurant: the food is not oily or greasy.As far as I know (which is not much), this could be the best shawarma and definitely the best tahini sauce in Charlotte. The "shawarma wrap" is not unlike the donner kebabs that are ubiquitous in many European countries that serve as their version of fast food, late night drunk munchie snack and hangover placebo. Fucking delicious. And definitely better tasting than fast food with REAL meat and REAL vegetables. I mean, they even cut the meat off of that big thing, you know, that big thing.Fairly vegetarian friendly; I like a good falafel every now and again & they have one."Okay my friend" is what the owner behind the counter always says when your food is ready. This is a quickie joint, not a Michelin star place, so expect the service to be "authentic" as well.
5	Talk about a hidden gem!! My weekends are not complete until I have had at least one meal from La Shish... it's usually a Sunday afternoon takeout.Basmati rice so perfectly cooked, to go with the perfectly seasoned chicken kabobs (the lamb kabobs are good too, I'm just a bigger fan of the chicken ones)  Warm pita bread with fresh falafels, topped with hummus, fries and garlic dip on the side. It doesn't get any better than this. In my experience, the food has always been fresh and flavorful, and the portions are big! Really great value for your money. There's something so wonderful about food that's simple, affordable & downright delicious - For complete soul, palette & pocket satisfaction - check out La Shish!
5	The food at this place is amazing!   We had the grilled lamb kabob platter,  Lebanon salad and the vegetarian combo which has hummus, grape leaves, baba ghannouj and falafel. The food is authentic, delicious and fresh, all at a very low price. If you're looking for great authentic Mediterranean food this is the place to visit!
4	It is a little far to me so I can't go every week. Excellent taste for the kebabs...I would do take outs here.
4	I love La Shish. The food is consistently great and it comes at a good price. It is open until midnight most nights. I recommend the shawarma with hummus and the desserts are delicious also. My only complaint is not enough seating sometimes.
3	We came here as a party of 10 after our families decided to meet up in the area.  I read so many good things about this place. The place is small but, even late at night, there was pretty good business.  The owner looked straight out of The Hobbit trilogies and wasn't super warm and fuzzy.  I think this place was too hyped up in my head after reading the glowing reviews. We had taken our food back to the hotel and unfortunately, the food did not live up to the hype.  I don't think anyone finished their meal.  I love me some spices but the entire meal was entirely too overly spiced.  It might have been due to the meat tasting a bit off...so maybe the heavy hand in spices was to offset that taste/fact?  I was especially excited about kibbeh being on the menu but instantly disappointed when I popped in the first bite.  Too bad I ordered a bunch of everyone.  We are huge fans of kafta but we could barely finish ours.  The kids even quit early and they loooooiiove kafta/kufta/kubideh.Overall, the portions were decent and the food ok if I hadn't had anything to compare it to.  Maybe this was just an off night since I'm sure the reviews are glowing for a reason.
5	We have been eating here at least a couple times a month since moving to Charlotte and I've never had a bad meal. The lamb shank is great and the lentil soup is amazing. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who likes food.
4	I've been going to "Shish," as I affectionately call it, since it opened. What most others have said is true. It is easily overlooked, mostly because it's in a tiny little strip mall between a barber shop and an Ethiopian grocery/restaurant. There isn't much in the way of ambiance, but I don't really feel it's necessary. You go for the food, not because it's nice to look at or a fun place to chill. The owner is always welcoming and friendly, even when they're packed. And, they're packed more often than not. I've had most things on the menu and all if it is pretty good. Though, sometimes it is better than others. I much prefer popping into Shish rather than some greasy fast food spot. The food is fresh, homemade, and tastes great. Some favorite repeats of mine: lamb kabob wrap, tabbouleh, falafel wrap, vegetarian combo, chicken shawarma, & kibbeh. I will say that their desserts are just okay. If you want something better, check out Golden Bakery next door or the Halal Market across the street. Oh, but their coffee is pretty great.
5	Every time I dine here, it's delicious!  The Schwerma and mixed meat plate combined with garlic sauce is to die for!
5	One of the best spots in NC great food their lamp shanks and half chicken with rice is amazing, the owner is very friendly , Shawera is amazing and prices are very very reasonable every time I go to Charlotte I have to pay a visit to la shish Kabob
5	I come down to Charlotte often to visit family and friends. LA shish kabob is the first place I make sure to hit up before anything else!  I travel all around the states and I havnt tasted food so authentic and tasty! Thanks LA shish kabob for always sending me home so satisfied!! Can't wait to come back!
5	I'm visiting NC from Cali. Numerous people told me that I must go to LA shish kabob, that it's the best in town. I went and had dinner there with some friends and boy were they right! It was sooo good! The meats had so much flavor and were sooo juicy! The customer service was excellent! Next time I'm in the area I will make sure I make a stop here!
4	I ate at La Shish recently for the first time & will definitely be going back. Not only because of the food, but also because the owner is extremely gracious & welcoming!**The cuisine is very authentic! Be sure to try the babaganoush!
4	Came here for lunch while on a business trip. Got the chicken shwarama plate and it was outstanding. Chicken was flavored well and they give lots of it. Really liked their garlic sauce as well. Had enough for lunch and dinner. Owner is a really nice guy as well. Not the biggest place, but they serve good food.
4	Very good prices. The meat is prepared well. The only complaint is the rice...it's kind of stale and flavorless. Other than that these guys have perfected quick-sit-down Middle Eastern food.
5	Wholly crap, I am kicking myself for taking so long to find and check out this place. Long have I been starved and roaming the streets of Charlotte for a middle eastern and/or Mediterranean eatery like La Shish Kabob.Between the fact that it's not in the best part of town and that Sharon Amity is a construction zone at the moment may dissuade you from checking it out, but you will thank me if you do. It's nothing fancy to look at from the outside or inside, but there  are a few tables both in both areas. Otherwise it's basically like a really small deli type shop with a register and a display case and open kitchen area. While they have a full menu of middle eastern and Mediterranean delicacies, I have only had the Schwarma meal on both of my visits. The wife has tried the falafel and veggie plate I believe. The garlic sauce that comes with the Schwarma is amazing and the spices in the chicken are spot on. I really need to force myself to try something else. We sat down inside on our second visit and the smells from the plates on the other tables making me hungry all over again.Many return visits to come and eventually, I will make it through the whole menu.
5	Ohh my mama. I have to take back charlotte has nothing to offer. Just came from this spot that I had bookmarked for a while. Great food and plenty to eat thrice. The owner I think was very personal despite the steaming customers coming in. This is my spot and I'll be back. Thank you for taking me to a Middle East trip.
5	Stopped on a whim and very glad we did. Great attitude, atmosphere and good food. I had beef kabob and rice and likely will not change that for my next visit. Cant wait!
5	Short and sweet. The best food of its kind in Charlotte. I eat here very often because no establishment in town make shwarma anywhere near as good.
5	Its great food
4	Very authentic resturant! You could smell the flavors the minute you walked in.. great steak and cheese philly.. they didnt put cheese on mine :(... but I did love the half chicken with rice.. saved my life of hunger ab few times. Happy camper. I cant say that im the biggest fan of trying the diffrent foods they offer but I like to look at them.
5	Amazing food. Amazing service. Amazing prices. If you're in the mood for middle eastern cuisine in Charlotte do not look further. I've tried them all and this takes the top spot.
4	I love this place, first it's like a Palestinian deli in NYC, they have freshly made salads, hummus, also Cornish hen, and THR portions a HUGE...so you need to be hungry!The food it's fantastic and you can have also amazing desert!Won't be disappointed!
5	Delicious I ordered the chicken kabobs, hummus and falafel balls all of which were well seasoned, fresh and authentic. You can tell the owners or the establishment take pride in the product they are serving and the freshness! Amazing food!
1	Not sure how this place is getting the reviews it does. We lived in Los Angeles for seven years and ate all kinds of Middle Eastern food all over the city. This place is terrible. We got a few apps- the falafel and the kibbeh were the only things decent (oh and the cuc, tomato stuff they gave you when you sat down). The Baba had no flavor, the kibbeh had a weird, not good, taste and the meat pies were disgusting. We also got the chicken schwarma wrap. The chicken was old and hard- the worst pieces of meat were put in it. When the guy asked us if we wanted to take home the almost whole wrap we were leaving behind, and we said no, he didn't ask why. The kafta (kofta) was eh. Not very flavorful and it was flat. It's supposed to be log or cigar shaped- helps it be juicier, not to mention it's more meat. And the atmosphere/facilities are as bad as many ppl said but it also felt dirty. And I won't even say how scary it was to see the cook place vegetables on the grill right next to the raw meat. It might have helped if the veggies came out hot and cooked but they were cold with practically no sear. Nasty.
5	This place is so great I have it on speed dial! My go to is the chicken kabobs with rice and salad.
4	One of my favorite hot spots for Kabobs and Mediterranean food. We tried their lamb shank and  cornish hen and what can I say, everything is delishhh and on point!  Highly recommend this joint!
5	I never leave reviews, but I had to this time!We just moved to Charlotte from Northern VA, and I was skeptical of finding good middle eastern food that rivaled our local favorites back home. I am pleased to say this one was even better.The location was a little out of the way for us and due to traffic, we almost turned around, but I'm so glad we didn't.The owner and staff was very friendly and the prices are so affordable! I got the chicken shawarma platter and my husband got the mixed grill platter (lamp, beef, chicken). I tend to find the meat in most middle eastern dishes, while flavorful, is often a bit dry and I couldn't believe how tender everything was! The salad that came with is was so good and fresh, and the flavors were amazing. Great sauces too.We will definitely be coming back, as I'm not sure I will be trying any other places after finding this one!
5	Wow, this place is amazing!!! The owner is super nice and greets all guests as they come through the door. We had the baba ghannouj, lentil soup, lamb skewers, and Turkish coffee. Everything was so flavorful. The lamb was tender and so delicious!!  And the Turkish coffee was among the best I've had. We will be back.
5	Ridiculously nice & welcoming staff, great food and inexpensive. Most ethnic eateries aren't as welcoming if you aren't from the country or don't speak the language, this guy calls everyone "Friend". I got the chicken shawarma, baklava, and falafel wrap. I will return!
4	We used to live right around the corner several years ago and drove by it all the time, but never stopped.  I used to live in Washington, DC and loved the kabob places (Moby Dick, for one) there and was looking to find a favorite here in Charlotte.As has been mentioned, this is a little deli looking place in a small, old strip center.  Neighborhood has been a downward slide for years (even though we enjoyed living over here), but location and physical appearance shouldn't be a determining factor when choosing specialty cuisine.This is a more traditional kabob stop than you might find in Dilworth or Ballantyne.  It's very traditional with a very good menu.  We always choose the mixed grill kabobs with the special rice (includes grilled eggplant) and a salad with a nice lemon dressing.  Lots of food and the meat is always cooked just right.This was not what I was looking for originally to match what I used to get in Washington, DC, which was much different fare, but it has been a nice discovery.  Kabobs aren't kabobs everywhere with the different ethnic regions each having their unique styles and ingredients.  This still very much fits the bill for what we were looking for and we will continue to come here for a good meal.
4	I love the falafel-it's the best I've had really. The shawarma is really good also. The fries that come with the shawarma are always pretty sub par but I'm not coming for the fries obviously, so it's whatever. Oh and they have this dip that comes with the shawarma-I'm pretty sure it's just garlic and mayonnaise but it is so good! Homemade grape leaves-just tons of really yummy food!
5	I just wish I had found this place sooner. Love it!I have been starved for good Middle Eastern food in Charlotte.  This place is By Far the best that I have tried.  The price are extremely low and the quality is exceptionally high. The portions are large. How they can sell two lamb shanks for such a low price is beyond me.  You don't come here for the atmosphere.  You come here for the food.  But I did think that the diversity of the patrons was very interesting. I've probably eaten here 6 or so times now and every time I have been extremely impressed. Just try La Shish Kabob.  You won't be disappointed.
5	The food is authentic, fresh and delicious. Came all the way from high Point and it was well worth it :)
5	First time here and this place is pretty good. The prices on food is reasonable.  The lentil soup is delicious, and lamb kabob was cooked right.
5	My first visit and I ordered food to-go. The smells coming from the grill were unreal. I opted for the app sampler (I picked hommus, stuffed grape leaves, and kibbeh), a small order of the falafel, and a combo shish kabob plate with rice and salad. The only item I had ever had before was the grape leaves and hommus. It was life changing! Kibbeh is my new favorite food. They look like giant hush puppies but are stuffed with meat and almonds and a mind-blowing amount of flavor. The rice was delicious and the grilled meats on top were perfectly seasoned. Can't wait to go back!!
5	La shish is one of the best places to eat middle eastern food in charlotte. I eat here frequently. The service is always fast. The food tastes really good and it s really cheap for an exceptional quality of food.
3	It's been several months since I've stopped by because while the food is usually excellent, one of the cooks actually took my order and bagged my food. What a let down. I paid $10 for an appetizer falafel and a side of tabouli. The tabouli side is supposed to come with a pita which was absent from the bag as well as no fork or spoon to eat it with. It's probably better to eat in as I have gotten excellent service from who I assume is the owner. Since I live across from the airport, I probably won't go out of my way.
4	great and fresh food.  the prices are ok not that sheap.
3	Located in a very small strip where parking can by tricky. We came, dined around 130pm and wasn't quite impressed by the food(had high hope fellow yelpers) just the portion size-very large serving(it's like lunch and dinner in one). The owner is quite humble. Extremely busy and packed in the restaurant, he went around and took care of his patrons while handling his register. Wasn't quite sure where to look for the menu but there's a board with numbers where the cooking area is, for some of their selections. A sign scattered here and there. Note the price does not match the board what he rings up and no receipt that's shows item pricing. Walk up to the register and order. It's best to bring a friend to save a table before ordering if dining in. We quickly chose #5 adana kabobs and the lamb shank meal since there's a long line we didn't get to choose anything else. I really wanted to try the veggie combo, hummus and falafel but I was rushed. Your two sides becomes one since rice is already consider, choice of lentil soup or salad(cucumber and tomato). The lentil soup is pretty good, but everything else is eh. Otherwise, it's definitely an interesting atmosphere. Quite a sight to see and be in the hustle and bustle. If you're in need of Middle eastern food. They will do you justice: portion-wise. Owner makes a nice impression of himself.I just gotta come back here to try their more vegetarian friendly menu. Will update when do.
4	I love this place. I love everything there except the kabsa rice but that's just me. Burgers are good. They pile on the veggies. Owner is nice. Freshly made food always has my mouth watering.
