2	My recent lunch at Del Piero was pretty lackluster. The restaurant, a small eatery inside the Queen Creek Olive Mill, the Valley's first working olive farm and mill, attracted an older crowd (people in their 40s to 60s).We even saw someone wearing  a colorful muumuu,  which served as a loud reminder that we were in the Q.C. and not the O.C.The options at del Piero are slim -- paninis, sandwiches and salads. There's no soda fountain, but the eatery serves up iced tea, lemonade and the hard-to-find Jones flavored sodas. My panini was blah and didn't wow, but I enjoyed sampling the olive bar. Be sure to try the large olives stuffed with Feta. I could have filled up on these alone! If you're up for a road trip (it took us nearly 40 minutes to get there from Tempe!), Del Piero is open 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Tuesdaysthrough Sundays. It's  $5-$9 sandwiches, paninis and salads
3	This little restaurant inside the Queen Creek Olive Mill is very cute and friendly. We both had panini's which were very tasty, both came with olives that were dying to have a glass of wine with! The salads we tried, pasta and caprese both seemed like they were beaten to death.  The pasta was so over cooked though the flavor was nice (I think the olive oil could be put on the worst food and it would taste great!) the caprese salad seemed to have just been over mixed so the tomatoes were to soft and the cheese had to much balsamic flavor. Otherwise the lemon aid was great as well as the sammies. Next time I want to try the gelato, all looked amazing!
4	Del Piero uses all local ingredients.  I had a better experience than Alex and Kelly.  Maybe it's what I ordered.  I got the bruschetta ($8.79).  You get to choose 3 different toppings and you get 2 pieces of each.  I chose:1) Mushroom - roasted wild mushrooms topped with caramelized onions (delicious)2) Caprese - tomato, basil and mozzarella drizzled with Tuscan Estate extra virgin olive oil (EVOO) (needed more salt and EVOO which I remedied by using the oil at the olive tasting bar) 3) Roasted peppers - roasted red bell peppers and local goat cheese (peppers were so juicy that it squirted across the table when I bit into it and the goat cheese was yummy)All served on sliced baguette from the Willo Baking Company.There are only a few tables inside but lots of tables outside in their beautiful olive garden.Online menu:https://www.queencreekolivemill.com/Menu.pdf
4	Yummy food !  The food was a surprising delight to the Queen Creek Olive Mill. We hadn't planned on eating but everything looked and smelled so good and we had 20 minutes to kill before our tour of the olive factory.So the hubby and I split a egg panini sandwich served on a Challah bread from Simply Bread that was simply amazing. Egg with a tapenade of Zucchini and who knows what else but it tasted really good.  Mom had a Banana Gelato , they must have thought  she said super size cuz it was a huge portion.  Every other  item they served  looked just as delicious .I was really tempted to get a brushetta snack as well, they serve large pieces of with their fabulous tapenades. Next time I am planning to eat there for lunch and try something new.
2	i love the qc olive oil but after a huge build up of what fab food  del piero has  we were very disapointed with the breakfast i had the dpiero eggs benidict served on foccicia bread there was very little bit of very thinly sliced ham the eggs are served like a fratata and nothing seamed to well seasoned with roasted potatoes the wife had a sausage and egg w/assagio cheese also served on foccicia and ordered fruit side with hers which was slices of oranges. I guess the manager or owner ???decided to have a 15 min meeting with his staff right by where we were sitting and had to listenin to the inner working of business politics and scheduling not a fab experience
3	Went for the first time on MLK day for lunch.  The food was very good, but it was EXTREMELY disorganized in there.  Beware when going during Snow Bird season, as we had to fight the blue hairs to get in line.  Most of the elderly were just kind of milling about aimlessly.  We went there this morning to try the breakfast.  It opened at 9am and none of the chairs were down.  We had to make our own table and the staff was still prepping for the day midway through our breakfast.  The owner was hanging out at the table next to us.  In case you had any question, he is apparently very important, as he loudly talked on his cell phone about board meetings and investments. Looks like they've opened up the inside a little more and have added a flat screen TV.  The food is really yummy though, and its nice to drive about 20 min outside of Gilbert for a little feeling of being in the "country".
4	We dined at del Piero for brunch.  I had Belgian waffles cooked in olive oil topped off with almonds and blueberries.  The waffle was extremely delicious and naturally tasting, so syrup was not needed.  My friends got various other breakfast and lunch items, and they were very pleased.The only recommendation I have is to bring a dining experience.  I think it would have made the environment more relaxing to wait outside and enjoy the day, rather than waiting in a line inside to order food.
3	Ok friends, from a second generation Arizona native the first place of many great eateries that I have bookmarked across the Grand Canyon State for review is The Queen Creek Olive Mill. This is a favorite place to take our guests to for lunches, a couple miles from our new home in San Tan Valley. It reminds me of a California like bistro right here in the QC!!To start with, I like the delicious Kalamata Family Recipe Sandwich:  del Piero Kalamata Salami, genoa salami, capicola, herb roasted tomatoes, seasonal greens, provolone, and red onion with White Balsamic & Herb Crema on a grilled baguette.  $9.99Karolien loves the salad selection:  Italian Chopped Salad:  Seasonal greens, tomato, garbonzo, feta, salami, celery, kalamata olive, basil.  Choice of del Piero Vinaigrette. $8.99The Panini are top notch too and for gifts bottles of QC Olive Oil can't be beat. To top it off delicious homemade Gelato that our kids love! I would give this place 4 stars if the prices were lower or since you pay a lot make sure to give customers larger portions.An added bonus are the many Olive Oil based recipes on their website:http://queencreekolivemill.com/del-piero/recipes/As time permits more super delicious reviews will be posted so make sure to follow me here on Yelp!!!
4	Went to lunch with the ladies last week for our annual birthday lunches,The atmosphere was adorable , the food was delicious, This was our first time here, We will be back for sure.. I had the kalamata Salami sandwich, it was very good. Can't speak for the other ladies on thier food, but we all decided it will be more then annual place.
4	Loved the food and I cannot believe how flavorful their olive oil is! I bought the roasted garlic one and it is amazing. We also bought the bleu cheese stuffed olives and my husband ate the whole jar in two days. My only negative and why I didn't give 5 stars is because it is kinda unorganized. We didn't know where we were supposed to go or what we were supposed to do to eat. But I will go back!
4	It has been a close to a year since I have been to The Olive Mill.  I believe I have written a review under The Olive Mill itself, but not for this location which is the restaurant site.They have made significant improvements and expansions since my last visit.  The changes have opened up the floor and made it much easier to move around in the crowds.  The restaurant is a walk up and order type of place.  They do offer beer, wines, champagne.  Very nice little location for breakfast and lunches.  They also offering pizza nights, live music in evenings.  Nice choices of sandwiches along with some side dishes.  I have not had a bad meal yet.   I am disappointed that you have to go to the coffee shop to get your cup of coffee.  (See below.)Also offer some very good gelato.  My favorite the Blood Orange. There is also a coffee shop in this location.  They offer expanded coffee drinks.  But it is disappointing that you have to stand in this line to get your coffee that you ordered from the other line when you ordered your meal.  They also do not have free refills?? Although a .50 charge for a refill is not bad, the fact that you do not have unlimited coffee when you go for breakfast is unfortunate.  They give you the ability to buy fresh roasted whole bean coffee.  But at the $12.00 per 12 oz bag, that is a little pricey for me!!Here with family today to visit.  We went for a late breakfast. We all had or shared a portion of the waffle.  Very good.  One had it with bananas, pistachio nuts and whip cream.  Two other classic.  The fresh maple syrup topped it off for me.  I also had the Sicilian Breakfast Sandwich.  It was good, but a little cold.  Overall, this was a very nice breakfast and worth the little higher price that you might have to pay. I am a little disappointed in The Olive Mill in general.  They offer a very nice selection of fresh, local made olive oils.  Different flavors along with balsamic. Their pricing seems to have increased. I really have to weigh whether the price tag on many of the "special blend" oils are worth it.  I have always like that they offer wines from small vineyards.  And they do have nice prices for some of the bottles.  But I am disappointed that they do not offer the free wine tastings, as it was now $10.00 (but they did have an expanded offerings of wines to taste.)This is worth the time and visit. Especially for someone out of town that has not been here.****Just an update, I received feedback from The Olive Mill management. I learned that the wine tasting event that they held the weekend I visisted, which there was a charge for, was a special event. I was informed that on other regular weekends, the wine tasting is still free.  And it is these tastings I have experienced some nice, well priced small vineyard wines.
4	Want a good breakfast in a great environment.     Check the del Piero out.    The place has been greatly improved, it is now much more open and great to see several small business banning together to really make the place a destination.   The food is great.      Urge you check this restaurant out.      Well worth your time and effort.
4	I had the Manza sandwich, was really good, just a bit over priced.  Would probably go again to try the pizza on a Friday or Saturday though.
4	Their lunch options are unique and very good. I love to have lunch and work from the patio since they offer free wi-fi. We make up gift boxes of their products at Christmas.
3	Saturday was my first time visiting the village of Q.C... and I don't think I'll be back any time soon.  It's only 30 minutes from where I live in Chandler, but feels like podunk Utah.  Now, that's not the olive mill's fault, they're merely trying to run a business.  I think the problem is, they're not really sure what they want to be.  The tables inside are peppered throughout the building - and when we went, the giant menu was hidden - possibly due to not having certain items available.  This was the case, two of what we tried to order, they were out of.  So we got the warm olive appetizer, an Italian chopped salad, an olive pizza and the banana dessert pizza.  The olives were nice, the salad was good, but both pizzas were under-cooked and disappointing.  I do not recommend the food, but if I ever find myself in the area again I would consider the tour.
2	I used to love this place... what happened? My friend lives in San Tan valley, just up the street from the olive mill. We used to enjoy house made sangria and appetizers that were great. I recently went back after not going for a few months and was pretty disappointed. The food, which I'd had MANY times before, was nothing like it used to be. The prices were more expensive and this place was not cheap to begin with.There is LESS seating inside since they expanded the shopping area which is annoying because it's become quit the popular place. After you wait upwards of 20-30 minutes for your food, there is no were to sit so you must go OUTSIDE... IN ARIZONA! It's hot here... what are you people thinking?!?! The vast majority of the seating is out in a retention basin style field with small trees dotted here and there. They provide very little shade but are not short on flies, bees and wasps. Don't wear clothing that you don't want to get dirty, as this "field" is just a dirty, dusty ground with grass that is barely clinging to life in small patches. You end up dusty, hot and dirty when you finish your meal. OLIVE MILL- I USED TO LOVE YOU!! Moreover, I am willing to love you again! Go back to the way you used to be with more indoor seating, less catering to the canadian tourist and more to the locals who want to support you YEAR ROUND. Lower the prices by just a couple of bucks, offer pizza more than two days a week, and PLEASE bring the food back to good standards. The bread is stale, sandwiches lacking flavor and the ingredients are pretty limited. It's like the same 5 things combined in a ton of ways... Everything is the same!!!
3	Ordered one panini manzi sandwich, two cups of butternut squash soup and one bowl of the same at 1:21 pm. Food recieved at 2:15.  Told we were waiting on the soup but the sandwich tasted about 30 minutes too cold.  Olivepalooza!!!!
4	Cool place, brought an out of town co-worker with me for lunch last week. First visit for both of us. We loved the food and the shop but thought a few things could be better. We each shared a salad, sandwich, delicious prickly pair lemonade and some gelato! Pretty nice menu selection! The indoor seating is a little scattered and hard to get during the lunch hour. I think the Olive Mill is looking for its identity- it's style is also a little scattered, is this a farm, is this a working olive mill, is this modern design?  The bathrooms could use a little more TLC.  Also it was a little warm the day we were there and I think some ceiling fans would have helped.  We also loved the candles in the shop and bought some- I was told they are made on site? Cool! Definitely planning on returning and buying some more stuff for unique gifts.
5	The Queen Creek Olive Mill Eatery was a fun treat for me for a late lunch on a Friday afternoon. We had one of the antipasti platters which was made up all of my favorite things...cheese, salami, artichokes, and of course olives. Paired with a nice Chianti, this was a really nice lunch. There was a nice tepanade and toast that added some spiciness to the platter. We wrapped lunch up with a delicious olive oil cupcake and a smooth, hot cup of Superstition Blend coffee followed by a stroll through the store for a few things to take home. Great food, good service, quiet and peaceful. I will look forward to going back!
5	I am having difficulty even deciding where to begin with this one... This was definitely the best stop on my trip so far, and I don't even LIKE olives!The Queen Creek Olive Mill is a cross between an olive mill, specialty shop, restaurant, coffee shop, gelato parlour, and olive grove.  From the road, the place doesn't seem to be anything terribly impressive, but step out of your car and onto the property and that all changes.  The inside of the building has sort of a farm meets trendy eatery feel, with most goods for sale being held in crates, and chalkboards boasting different tidbits of info everywhere you look.The eatery has a fairly diverse menu (with all items having some olive/olive oil component), with everything from bruschetta, to caprese and caesar salads, to their "specialty" kalamata sandwich.  We weren't too hungry so we opted for a caesar salad with a tequila lime chicken breast.  It wasn't an overly huge portion, and the dressing wasn't very flavorful; I would definitely feel comfortable saying the chicken breast was the star of the dish.The offering for consumption in this place is really admirable; besides the eatery options mentioned above, they have about 10 different flavors of gelato and sorbetto, a dessert case containing cupcakes, cookies, biscotti, loafs, and treats you couldn't even begin to imagine, and a full serve coffee bar where any caffeine-craving patron can get their fix.  Also, important to note that THEY SERVE ALCOHOL; the sangria looked ah-mazing, but they also serve beer, wine, and cocktails (enough to keep any non-olive lover engaged).They have a bottle of each one of their oils, vinegars, and cremas available for sampling at the back of the store so that you can try before you buy.  They say you are supposed to just shoot the oil straight back to get the full experience, but for those of you who may be more aligned with my way of thinking (that I really don't feel like taking shots of 120cal/tsp oil as an afternoon activity), you can purchase 4 crostinis for $1 to take the dip, chew, swallow approach.My final piece of advice would be to TAKE THE OLIVE OIL TOUR!  For a mere $5, one of the Mill's experts takes you on a tour of the mill and explains the entire process of how they produce their all natural, pesticide free EVOO.  I learned things I most certainly didn't know, and it made the visit feel like more of an outing as opposed to solely eating and shopping.  Sandy was our tour guide and she was absolutely amazing!I picked up a bottle of chili-infused EVOO that will be perfect for adding a hint of spice to dishes that I would normally use the plain stuff for, I am soooooo excited to get home and put this $14 bottle to good use!  They have a ton of different varieties of Extra Virgin Olive Oil, a few being : white truffle, roasted garlic, blood orange, bacon (simulated, so good for vegans or the pork averse), mexican lime, chocolate, and the list goes on!Whether it's for a tour, lunch, shopping, or happy hour, the Queen Creek Olive Mill is a must see if you are in the area!
5	Went for Sunday morning breakfast, yummy! Had the classic waffle and side of sausage. Really good and will definitely go back to try other items.
5	Great atmosphere.  Fun to look around the store while waiting for food or grab a shaded spot to sit near the olive trees outside.  I had a sandwich with brie cheese, apple, and turkey...was a little disappointed as it was very bland.  I still gave 5 stars because it was still great quality and I think it was a personal preference for me.  It was still good.  Coffees were great and gelato....amazing.  Quality.
1	What I expected was an olive overload on my sandwich, yet what i got was a clearly an underwhelming dose of olive and an overpriced sandwich. You don't need to drive all the way up here for the sandwiches and they have two other outlets where you can buy all the oils and olives in Scottsdale, so unless your up for a boring walk through the of making of olive oils, this place does not need to be viisited. Tourists will still come and many Canadian plates were spotted in the parking lot, well because Arizona does not have much to see really. Anyway, I was working in the area for a day and my sandwich was served on Brioche Bread. Really? They had five loaves of olive bread sitting right on the counter. It was the $10 turkey sandwich, which I call the Tiny turkey. It was supposed to contain sliced apples, but those weren't present and the turkey was supposed to be herb roasted, but that wasn't happening either. This sandwich had no olive or olive oil present, only a carmelized onion tapenade. They also sell olive oil potato chips, but the chips that come with the sandwich are just regular potato chips. It's like going to a baseball game and the players decide to play cricket instead. Someone needs to put their elementary school caps on and put some olives in the sandwich. Blasphemy in my mind.
1	Been a local supporter of this business since 2007. Have seen it grow through the years. Happy to see the owners are doing well enough to expand, sad to see the lack of employee happiness-they all look miserable to work there, and the big guy making pizza on Friday and Saturday needs to be cross trained on how to work the paging system when he puts out pizza. We ordered our pizza at 8:12, and didn't get it till 9pm because the guy didn't page. Just let it sit there and get cold. After 15 -20 minutes of doing nothing with it, he set it under heat lamps in the kitchen while he closed the pizza line down.  Starving, I finally went up and asked the cashier. All she said was " your pizza isn't out yet? That's weird." Greatest guest service ever.  I asked another lady closing the gelato down, and she said "here's a pizza in the window, it must be yours." No apology-nothing. "We have been having trouble with our pagers from time to time." No lady, your pizza maker is working with half a brain! I was too hungry to ask for a refund or ask for a remake-so I ate it-semi warm. They were clearly understaffed for a Friday night-I can see how the owners save money on labor costs.... it's really sad to watch a company get too big for it's britches. Seems they have forgotten about all the locals who supported them to get where they are today....there is a new olive and vinegar shop that opened up in the mall where I work-gonna support them a bit and see how I'm treated. Extremely disappointed.
1	Been a local supporter of this business since 2007. Have seen it grow through the years. Happy to see the owners are doing well enough to expand, sad to see the lack of employee happiness-they all look miserable to work there, and the big guy making pizza on Friday and Saturday needs to be cross trained on how to work the paging system when he puts out pizza. We ordered our pizza at 8:12, and didn't get it till 9pm because the guy didn't page. Just let it sit there and get cold. After 15 -20 minutes of doing nothing with it, he set it under heat lamps in the kitchen while he closed the pizza line down.  Starving, I finally went up and asked the cashier. All she said was " your pizza isn't out yet? That's weird." Greatest guest service ever.  I asked another lady closing the gelato down, and she said "here's a pizza in the window, it must be yours." No apology-nothing. "We have been having trouble with our pagers from time to time." No lady, your pizza maker is working with half a brain! I was too hungry to ask for a refund or ask for a remake-so I ate it-semi warm. They were clearly understaffed for a Friday night-I can see how the owners save money on labor costs.... it's really sad to watch a company get too big for it's britches. Seems they have forgotten about all the locals who supported them to get where they are today....there is a new olive and vinegar shop that opened up in the mall where I work-right next door! I will support them a bit and see how I'm treated. Extremely disappointed.
1	I had been there before and loved it, but this time took a friend. I could see that business has expanded ...I think too quickly. The Olive tour has turned into a sales pitch for all of the items that are being carried.I remember ranting and raving about the food. It was not the same this time at all, I had the roast beef Panini and it was soggy and had very little roast beef in it, just not a good sandwich.Overall,  I would not go back. I have been there about four times previously but it has changed.
5	Ok, now for the eatery...also amazing.  They have the best waffles I have ever tasted! They are made with their vanilla bean olive oil and are served for both breakfast and lunch.  Then, there's the kalamata sandwich...yum! What makes the sandwich is their white balsamic herb crema.  The first time I tried the sandwich, they barely put any on the sandwich and it was alright, but the second time, there was a nice amount and it really put the sandwich over the top.  They also serve artisan pizzas on Friday and Saturday evenings, which I have yet to try, and they have an array of desserts including a gelato bar.  Definitely worth checking out!
3	I've come here after a long hike on the San tans and at first it was pretty good. Nothing to write home about. So far it's been about the same. Good food. Not great. Everyone seems 1/2 dead working there and no one really looks like they enjoy their job at all. Otherwise I really enjoy the prickly pear lemonade and some of their sandwiches are great... If they aren't soggy.
2	Went to the "Garlic Festival" today. But no garlic, no festival. Just a marketing ploy to get us to drive all the way from central phoenix to the middle of no where. To bad they falsely advertise. It's a cute farm, with decent food and good olive oil. Why deceive your potential customers? If you advertise a festival, have a festival. Not just a 45 minute wait for a slightly above average breakfast?
1	$30 for 3 pancakes and 3 slices of "challah bread" french toast is fine if the food is actually worth it, oh and a side of burnt sausage..yummy
2	I am actually finishing my meal that took 40 minutes for me to get. It was good, but I would have enjoyed it a lot more if I didn't have to wait so long and if the girl passing the food out had any sort of customer service skills and would have apologized for the wait or at least said "thank you". I live less than 5 minutes from here, love the food, oil, atmosphere, etc.. However, the customer service is NOT GOOD! Train your staff to show customer gratitude and smile. I do not feel valued and I won't be coming back.
4	I've been here a couple times and enjoyed both dining experiences. The first time I participated in the $5 olive mill tour which was about 15-20 minutes. They let you tour their olive press and the making of their oils. Should be good for the kiddos. You order your breakfast (before 11am) or lunch and pay at the cash register. They have a display of their cupcakes made with olive oil. (I suggest the lemon Meyer and chocolate cupcake). Go for the Manzi panini. Then you wait for your order and grab a table. TVs are available to watch your sports for you sports fans out there. ;) This place has taste testings throughout the place for olives, olive oil and BBQ sauce and more. They have gift packages of their popular items and other non-olive oil items. Sometimes the olive mill has events going on which makes it even more fun. Outside seating is also available to enjoy the nice weather. Good times.
4	This is where I take all friends and family visiting San Tan Valley, it has always been friendly, wonderful food and drinks. It is my too go place for sure.
