4	Cuchi-cuchi was her mantra when I used to see her on the Love Boat as a kid, and it still is.  And she looks exactly the same.Charo is an amazing performer.  Very funny, poking fun at herself and the usual celebrity targets.  Then comes the second half of the show where she shows a side very few people know about.  She is a trained classical Spanish guitarist, a protege of none other than Andres Segovia himself.Like so many other 'obscure' shows on the strip, this is a wonderful alternative to all the high budget shows that everyone outside of Vegas seems to hear about.  I would go again.
5	Last night I had the pleasure of watching Maria Rosario Pilar Martinez Molina Baeza play guitar. Okay, she also goes by "Charo", you know, for short. She is every bit the talent as her name is long. She is currently doing a show at the Riviera Casino here in Las Vegas.I have never been in the Riviera before. Odd, but true. This is the most peculiar casino I have been in in Las Vegas. Once you get through the maze of stores and what-not from the back entrance, it finally opens up into a big, old fashioned casino. While walking through the place, I was thinking about how spectacular this casino must have been in its day. I got an erie feeling that the ghost of Las Vegas past was lurking around in there. It is like walking through a time warp and you're plopped down in 1965 or something. I expected Sammy Davis to be playing craps or Dean Martin walking around with an iced drink and a dame on each arm.The showroom to see Charo is upstairs and there is a short escalator ride up there. The showroom is small and has plenty of zebra striped booths to get comfy in to watch the show in style.There are plenty of tables and chairs too. I think they would have a hard time seating 200 people in there; it is a fairly small showroom. All the more cozy!See the rest of my review with photos and videos at http://www.psloveblog.com/2009/08/20/aka-charo/
4	This review goes back awhile as Charo is no longer performing at the Riviera Hotel and casino. However the memories in my head of this awesome show still flicker and I owe it to Charo to submit my review!I was fortunate to be able to sit in the front row up close and personal, I wore my hair EXACTLY like hers that night and she referenced me to the entire audience stating I am her daughter! lol She sang to me and danced with me, yes I have the pictures to prove it! I was not the only special person in the crowd as she came down off stage and gave everything some lovin, just me more than others of course :) lol. She has still got it after all of these years! I was exhausted just watching her in action on stage! She even performed the famous "Bandera" or is it "Bandero". Anyhow we were very very very fortunate to have caught this performance.I will see Charo any chance I get.She is an awesome performer even if you are not a fan, you will have fun and really like this show! TRUST THIS!She has a two day run over at South Point hotel and casino coming up 8/20 & 8/21. I will hopefully see that performance. I need me a Charo fix.Yes I am young and was not even born when she was in her prime however I have adored her since I was a kid from tv. She rocks and I love her!I attached pictures I took from my show that I took! Enjoy!
