5	This restaurant has a wide variety of foods from burgers to cheese steaks and much more. Really good food with wonderful views above the lake .  Even the salads are great (for those of us looking to avoid all the fatty unhealthy things.)  Who ever heard of great salads in the boonies? The unhealthly stuff at this place is the best and on equal footing with places anywhere. So are the adult beverages; A full bar with many interesting drinks. Our youngest Kris says "the ice cream is to die for." It is and there are so many soft serve flavors to choose from. At least a dozen. This is the perfect respite for a hard day on the lake! The ONLY place at the lake, but still a great choice. Many places with a monopoly slide into mediocrity. Not this one. The food is tasty and the service is exactly right.
4	This is the one of the best restaurant I have been too while camping in an RV.  Typical RV resturants are bad in my experince.   The hours there open are strange but the food typical was very good. I was surprised actually.  I am looking forward to going back to Canyon Lake next year and eating here again.
4	A group of us stopped in for lunch after the Dolly Steamboat nature tour. We we all starving so we devoured our food. Our waitress was pleasant, attentive and helpful. We were practically the only people in the restaurant so we had great service.I can't remember what I ordered other than sweet potato fries that were delicious, but I think it involved chicken. All I know as it disappeared in three bites.I'm coming back for the Friday fish fry!
1	Long wait for food, waitresses that don't know what they're doing, grumpy hosts, and crappy food that keeps us off the lake for 2 hours is not somewhere I plan on going ever again.
4	Three-star service, but five-star ambience=four estrellas. Let's face it, marina restaurants don't have to push too hard to succeed. Competition along the shoreline is minimal. When the cooler runs low on the boat, Lakeside Restaurant is the only show in town. You can tie up at the little restaurant dock, where the sign warns of a 30 minute limit, which is laughable given the snail-paced service. Sit on the patio and toss a few crumbs to the waiting ducks and, further down the food chain, the circling iridescent big-mouth carp. Feathered, scaled, and furry scavengers vie for patio scraps. The water is clear and calm, and the view stunning. The coffee is weak and watery, if plentiful, and the omelettes are big and fluffy, if bland. The heavily inked wait staff is polite if a little rough around the edges, but props to folks who are sturdy enough tackle a full-time wilderness gig like this. Note: these are the best restrooms within 20 miles.
1	I'm a regular boater at Canyon Lake, and have eaten here a couple of times only because I was with out-of-town visitors who wanted to stop there.The atmosphere is very dull and outdated, the food is very mediocre, and the service is slow, even when there are not that many patrons there.  My last meal there was a cheeseburger & fries - Burger was small, dry, and tasteless, with a plain bun & wilted veggies.  Fries were cold & plain as well.  I can do much better at home with my own grill & a bag of frozen 'Ore-Ida fries from Wal Mart.If you are boating on the lake, just bring some cold cuts, fresh veggies, chips & beer - You will NOT be disappointed!  Talk your friends/relatives out of eating here - It is not worth it.If you eat outside you will be dive-bombed by birds wanting your food.By the way, the bathrooms are GROSS!
3	We decided to have a quick bite to eat when waiting for The Dolly Steamboat to load. They got us in and out real fast, we first shared a banana ice cream, it was a soft serve yellow and white swirled! But i did not taste the banana at all? But the ice cream was still good. We also shared a corn dog and fries, the food were very hot, had to wait for them to cool down. But again, they knew we were in a rush. Over all this place was not bad. Food was good, nothing special. I have no problem coming back. Savanna was our server, she was quick and really nice.
3	3.5 StarsAfter hiking the Boulder Creek Trail we needed something to eat and take abreak before heading back.  The parking for the hiking is in the same area as the boat dock and Lakeside. It's the only thing for miles in any direction near the lake and a nice place to hang out. The two ladies working that Sunday were very nice, the beer was cold, and the food was pretty good. I had the grilled cheese on wheat. It wasn't the best I have ever had, but it went well with my beer.  As others have noted the view from the deck is pretty awesome and relaxing.If you are in the area hiking, boating, whatever it's work a stop to check it out.
1	This was the worst restaurant and worst customer service I have ever experienced. I am not one to ever complain at a restaurant or online for that matter, but I was so bothered by the lack of concern and care for this so called "restaurant." Went on a Friday about 5:00pm. There was no hostess in sight. Waited 15 minutes for the manager to acknowledge us standing at the counter,  as well as the many guests behind us, in the EMPTY restaurant. As our family was finally seated we waited another 20 minutes before we asked the manager if we were going to be waited on. He was bothered that we asked him and told us to hold on- he will have to find a waitress. Really?! While we patiently waited and watched the everyone around us being served, we tried to ask a waitress if she could help us but she would quickly walk by, wouldn't make eye contact and ignored us. Finally a waitress came. But never received an apology from her or the so called management. The restaurant wasn't even busy to be in this predicament . Not to my surprise, I also heard a few other patrons complaining about not having a waitress and one table had been waiting 30 minutes for a waitress to acknowledge them!  What a waste of gas to get there. Beautiful scenic drive but will never visit this horrible place again. The food wasn't good either. Horrible experience. Please don't waste your time traveling to this dump to visit staff that is RUDE, bad customer service and has crappy food.
2	Great food,  breathtaking views.  Awful awful service.  I go there frequently an the last two times we have waited twenty minutes for initial greetings, 45 minutes for drinks and an hour for food.  If they fix this I will re rate.  Otherwise,  I will be staying a way for a bit.
4	The Pot Roast burger is tremendous!!!  Peach pina colada tasty but not much of  a buzz.  Atmosphere is great, alternatives are non-existent.Seriously... I'd go back for the Pot Roast burger.  I have never had anything quite like it.
5	Lakeside Restaurant & Cantina came highly recommended to me by a co-worker, so I decided to give it a try for lunch on a beautiful, sunny weekday. First off, the scenery that surrounds the restaurant is breathtaking, as is beautiful Canyon Lake that the eatery looks out onto. I decided to try the special of the day, a black angus portobello mushroom burger and a side salad. The burger was literally the best one I've had the pleasure of eating. My mouth waters even now as I think of it! The salad was an extremely pleasant surprise....fresh "designer" lettuce surrounded by delicious cucumbers,  tomatoes, craisins and the best buttermilk ranch dressing I've ever had. My server explained that everything they served, including the salad dressing, was home made..from scratch. I decided to try their ice cream...which was also literally the best I've had...no Dairy Queen yuck here! I absolutely am proud to award Lakeside Restaurant & Cantina a FIVE STAR rating....everything from the scenery, ambience, and food made for one exceptionally enjoyable experience. Additionally, the staff was extremely pleasant, friendly and accommodating. Believe me when I say that you will be extremely satisfied with your experience at this restaurant.  Andrea Koukos-Paul
1	The WORST Service AND Food I have ever experienced!!  The owner nearly forced a member of our family to drink a bloody mary that was way under par and when she kindly sent it back the owner argued that it was what she ordered and so she should drink it!! We were ultimately charged for the drink!! With slow service we finally received our food and the Fish Fry was awful: luke warm and chewy!!! Canyon lake is beautiful and the cantina has a great view but NOT Worth the agony that owner or staff put us through.
1	On 11/29/2013, the day after Thanksgiving, 6 of us rented a pontoon to putt around Canyon Lake for a few hours. Afterwards we went to the restaurant for drinks and lunch.My girlfriend and I had only been here for drinks in the past when out on our Harley...just to sit and admire the view. We had never actually eaten here and certainly never had Bloody Marys here or we CERTAINLY would have known better than to do it again.We were able to get seats on the patio which was preferred so we could take in the gorgeous view of the lake.As we walked into the restaurant I was fairly surprised to see only 1 table inside with customers...but the patio was full....by "full" I mean perhaps 10-12 tables...seemingly not at all unmanageable for the wait staff. I made the comment to my girlfriend that it appears the view seemed to be more appealing to folks than the food...astonishingly insightful as we would soon discover.The service was excruciatingly slow but after having passed us by several times with the promise of returning someone finally stopped at our table to take our drink order. Time just seemed to stop as we awaited our drinks and to place our food orders.We all ordered something to drink but what turned out to be the topic of intense drama was the Bloody Mary my girlfriend ordered. Anyone who drinks Bloody Mary knows there are many many different varieties....some good...some not so good and that decision is made by the person who is drinking it...NOT by the person who made it.My girlfriend and I BOTH decided this particular Bloody Mary was among the worst we had ever tasted. When the waitress finally made another appearance at our table she asked her to return it to the bar and to please bring her a Michelob Ultra. The waitress said she would get the drink comped and bring her a beer.This has never been a big deal in the past. If one doesn't like their drink it is the same as if they didn't like their steak...it's not good, we don't want it please take it away and remove it from our bill.A woman came out to our table...who was later identified by our waitress as the owner....with my girlfriend's drink in her hand. She was extremely rude and had an ugly scowl on her face. She looked my girlfriend in the eyes and said in a fairly loud voice, "What's wrong with the drink"? My girlfriend replied she did not like it. The "owner" said, "this is a Bloody Mary...you ORDERED a Bloody Mary". She sat the drink down in front of my girlfriend as if to force her to drink it. At that point my girlfriend said she did not want the Bloody Mary and then I piped in and said in a loud and stern voice, "we'll pay for the damned thing just take it away!!"That's all she wanted to hear so she removed it and EVENTUALLY brought my girlfriend a beer.I have never ever in my 55 years of life been been treated like this in a restaurant. The Bloody Mary was HORRIBLE and this woman was way to proud to be able to IMAGINE that someone could possibly NOT like her Bloody Mary!!...although I would bet it has happened many times in the past. Her reaction was if we ordered the Bloody Mary, we're PAYING for the Bloody Mary no matter how horrible it tastes. I just could not believe how this woman was talking down to us and how she was treating us...THE CUSTOMER!!She likely had less than $2 invested in the ingredients of the drink and she pushed us away...locals who brought in guests from out of town...NEVER to return...over a $2 drink rather than comp it and come outside to tell us she was sorry we didn't like the drink but she had removed it from our bill...which is what one would expect from a respectable place of business where the customer and his/her business is appreciated.Oh...it doesn't end there...
1	On 11/29/2013, the day after Thanksgiving, 6 of us rented a pontoon to putt around Canyon Lake for a few hours. Afterwards we went to the restaurant for drinks and lunch.My boyfriend covered the Bloody Mary incident. I will cover the food, service, and other issues that ruined our time spent (wasted) at this restaurant.Many folks at our table got the Fish Fry Special.When it FINALLY arrived the fish looked like a piece of brown cardboard...there was NO meat on it at all. It was dry, thin, it looked like only skin, and there was NO white flaky meat on the inside of this disgusting piece of fish flesh. No one in our party finished their fish but said nothing due to the indignities we suffered over the damned Bloody Mary.Three of us had burgers which were advertised to be 1/3 lb but were woefully short of that number and were unremarkable at best.The entire time...which seemed like an eternity...everyone at our table was fighting off bees. Typically only 2 or 3 at a time but they were there the entire time we were. We asked for something to swat them with but were told that only makes them mad so if we were bothered by them we had to go inside. It was also interesting that when the folks sitting at the table next to us left their table it was attacked by a dozen or more birds all going into feeding frenzy over the table scraps left behind. The wait staff just walked by the table as if nothing was happening and when the scraps...and birds...were gone they cleared the table of dirty dishes and replaced them with clean (?) ones. The table cloth however was not replaced and the mites, lice, and whatever diseases they were carrying were all left on the tablecloth for the next patrons to enjoy.I have read through the reviews for this restaurant and firmly believe that most/all of the good ones are plants by the "owner" and her more loyal employees. I simply cannot imagine ANYONE enjoying a meal at this disgusting place.Again...the inside was completely empty but for one table. The view is MUCH more appealing to customers than the food OR the service.I feel bad for the wait staff here because of whom they have to work for and when we left and paid our bill we left the waitress a "pity tip". She seemed flustered and we knew she meant well but her hands were tied by the ungrateful Grinch of a woman "owner" we had to deal with. I told her as we left we would never return...and we will not.From this place we went to a different saloon/restaurant in Apache Junction. We noticed as we walked in the delicious-looking fish folks were eating at this establishment. Long thick slices with flaky, fluffy white chunks of meat, steam rolling off it...yum.We will NEVER go back to this despicable restaurant at Canyon Lake. The ONLY redeeming value is the view of the lake but there is no view on EARTH worth the extremely hostile environment/attitudes we dealt with while there...the crappy food, the crappy service...it's just not worth it.Anything you read here that suggests it is is certainly a plant.You have been warned.
3	Really friendly people, but super slow on the service. But where else are you going to go when this is about the only choice?
1	This was terrible! They say they have fresh fish each week...flown in from Alaska ! Please ... That is a lie it is not. They advertise the burger is 100% real beef .. It is not. The food is NOT good. The nice service crew had three people working for a crowd of 30 it was not a place I would recommend. I did like the water that's it.
2	We have a boat docked here and have eaten at the restraunt several times. Every time we look at each other and say "why"? Well because if you're willing to put up with flat out horrific service the food is pretty good. Very homey. Better than big chain food. Not amazing. And the view of the lake is nice.But seriously.... The service is sooo bad. You wait to be seated while staff walk by you avoiding eye contact. Eventually the woman who owns or manages it... Not sure which will say. "Be right with you". Not true. Then she'll seat you with a "your server will be right with you" also not true. One time we sat and watched servers sit and eat when there were two tables in the restraunt  and no one even looked at us. I went to the register where the manager was doing something  and asked "can we get coffee" and got a snippy "your server will be right with you" What? You can't get coffee? The two stars are the food and view otherwise a one star.
1	The WORST service ever! Save your time and money and bring a P&J sandwich!This place is chronically understaffed, and the few employees are apathetic. Your "15-20 minute wait" to be seated will be 40-45 minutes. Then you'll wait an additional 10-15 minutes for a waitress to take your drink order. Give the food another 30 minutes.Never again will I go (or take any out-of-town visitors) to this place!
3	The food is usually pretty good here, except this last time I ordered a patty melt, and it literally came out with the fixins of a regular hamburger on rye bread...?  The only buzz kill here is sometime the serivce gets slow when they are busy, they cannot handle a rush nor a full house.
1	My husband and I stopped in for what we thought would be a great lunch on Saturday afternoon. Well, let me tell you it was the WORST FOOD EVER... I ordered a salad with chicken, and the chicken was disgusting, and the lettuce was old. My husband ordered chicken tenders with fries, and when he received his meal, he only got 5 French fries in the basket. We asked the waitress why so little, and she agreed, and said that's how they serve it. In about 5 minutes, she came back and gave him 6 more French fries. We just sort of laughed it off. She said the chefs are young and don't have a clue. Real nice to hear from your waitress. Then she came back and took the dressing away from him, and gave him another. She said instead of ranch she gave him blue cheese. Thank goodness for the great view, and company of each other cause I was sooooooooooo disappointed in that place and will never ever go back.
1	Well we had guest from Texas in so v we tool them to the lake to see the area. We stop to eat and waited for 20 minutes for someone to seat us. They would look and just go with there own selfs. I ask should we sit down and was told no. Well finally I said that's it we left and drove 2 miles to tortilla flats and was seated right away and they were packed. Never agian will I go to canyon lake to eat .
5	I love this place! The view is great, the food is wonderful and the people are always really friendly. Their prickly pear margaritas are definitely their signature item and it's why I like going there. For being a local, independent business, they do really well and i highly recommend them to anyone in the area. They are never really busy and you'll always get great service with even better food!
5	I just got back from a month long trip to Seattle and the first thing I wanted to do was head to the Cantina in Canyon Lake to get a prickly pear margarita. We were immediately seated and drink orders taken.  The margarita did not disappoint! I get it every time I go there and it's hands down the best drink on the menu. Then we ordered some appetizers to share and they were hot and delicious. The waitress even suggested an odd combination of dipping our sweet potato fries in a sweet chili sauce and it was actually pretty good! The owner even came over and chatted with us for a while before we headed out. The entire wait staff was friendly, happy, and fast. Every time we go to Canyon Lake we go to the Cantina and have always had an excellent experience. I recommend it to anyone who's had a long day in the heat and needs some good ol comfort food.
4	Tried this place for the first time today with my husband. I had never been up to Canyon Lake at all and was in love with the views. Since it was a weekday, it was very quiet, and nearly empty. The owner (gentleman; cannot remember his name) was extremely helpful and polite. They honored my Restaurant.com gift certificate even though they said they asked the site not to sell them anymore. Good air conditioning inside, and seemed fairly clean. My food was extra hot, so I did burn my mouth, that is the only thing that bothered me out of the whole visit. Even then, I was still pretty impressed. Our waitress also seemed nice. Didn't over-bother us but was still attentive. I had the Chicken Cordon Bleu sandwhich, and my husband had the Bacon Cheeseburger.  Both were very good and reasonably priced. We also had signed up for their VIP program before we went there, so whatever money I had to pay after my gift certificate was added on to that account for credit. We will be returning!
5	My mom and I are here last night and had a very nice dinner. I have stew here several times and always had a great dining experience. Our waitress, Michele, was awesome and such a sweetheart. My mom and I both ordered drinks which were very good. The staff in the restaurant and in the gift shop were friendly.
4	My husband and I and another couple spent an overnight camping at the campground at Canyon Lake this past Saturday and figured why bother with cooking and all that with the restaurant right there.  I'm glad we did.  Yeah, the service is a little slow, but we didn't mind, the views are so pretty from the patio.  We ate there three times and each time our server was so friendly.  I think the one on Saturday was Teresa or Vicki (sorry bad with names) but we had her twice that day and she was so friendly.  And in the morning for breakfast we had Adrienne and she was a sweetheart too.  My breakfast was delicious, had bisquits and gravy, eggs and homefries.  Yummy!   I ate basic things the day before, hamburger, fries, dinner was club sandwich and it was all good.   And I read in a response to another review about how they aren't in town so if they are short staffed, it's a little hard to fill the jobs and that has to be so difficult.   I for one would not want to make that drive at night on that windy road to come home from work there.   So yeah, you might wait a little bit for your order, but they make up for that in their friendliness and humor.  We thoroughly enjoyed our time there and plan to do it again.
5	Still our favorite restaurant in the entire Valley. The freshest homemade food- always perfect, the ambiance & the true care & hospitality of the exceptionally kind owners are what draws us to this wonderful eatery. Absolutely 5 stars in every category.
