5	Great experience with Olmstead towing! They had a great response time, I was in a bind and needed someone there fast an they delivered. Never had an issue with customer service, dispatcher told me what time someone would be there and the driver actually beat that time and got there sooner. Friendly driver, professional and no issues.
5	Good people and great service. I was going to be late for work when my car broke down on 95 north right by Craig road. They got a driver there in less than 30 minutes and I was able to get a ride to work and be there on time. They took my car to a shop by my house and only charged me $65. I'm so grateful for their help. They made a stressful situation much easier on me.
5	Thanks to Olmsted towing I made it to work on time today with their  fast response time when I broke down in my Mercedes yesterday! I had them take it to my mechanic shop and they knew rite where it was and my car made it safe and sound! Very reasonably priced and the driver was a nice guy! Definitely recommend this place!
5	thanks to Olmstead towing they towed my car for me to my mechanic shop in a great job employees were very nice and respectful and a big help thank you and I will be referring this business to other businesses
5	I have one word: outstanding! I would highly recommend Shaun and his company to anyone in need of a fast, efficient, professional and job well done. Flat rate, no hidden charges! Very personable! Rescued my "black pearl" after being broken into.:( he drove it straight to the mechanics and it arrived Undamaged and prompt. Again-fantastic!
5	We've used these guys for years! They've towed me wrecked out caliber , our flat tire impala and our suburban a few times. Great rates service is consistently great and they are always here to get us quick! We just miss the old guy who ran the biz.
5	Can't say enough about how honest and helpful these guys were. Never had to have a tow before. They showed up as quick as they could, which was much quicker than I could have expected. The Drive, Ryan, was professional and made the experience as painless as possible. Not to mention that this whole idea of flat rate service - meaning I didn't pay ridiculous amounts of money was just amazing- Really just had the impression of home town Las Vegas locals who care about the people they are helping.
5	I recently needed to get my car towed across town because my fuel filter crapped the bed, and after spending probably two hours debating whether to rent a flatbed or deal with towing companies (which I normally HATE dealing with), I found these guys. I decided to give them a shot because the price was affordable and I really didn't feel like renting a flatbed from Uhaul. I have to say, that was the best decision I made that day. Not only were they EXTREMELY nice on the phone, but the Driver Ryan was extremely nice and helpful. He arrived early and was very professional. Got it done, and got it done right and quickly. There was no hidden charges, no extra fees, nothing. The quote I got on the phone was exactly what I had to pay. I DEFINITELY recommend this company, and will be recommending them to ANYONE I hear saying they need a tow. Thanks Olmstead, you guys F***in rock!!
5	Great tow company...I've had several vehicles towed to different locations and always had a great experience with the drivers
5	Great Service!  The lady taking my call was very professional she got my information very quickly and didn't make me repeat myself. The driver showed up on time and was very courteous. Tyrel was very patient when I asked him to go back to my house because I forgot something. I am very pleased with the service and the price was very fair.   They will be my first call if I ever need a tow in the future. Thanks to all the great review on Yelp I was able to have a great experience.
