5	Let me start off by saying I've seen bad reviews about other Nationwide locations and was vey hesitant to take my kids here. They never had an eye exam before so I didn't want their first experience to be the worst. However they took our insurance and one of my coworker said shes never had any problems with Nationwide. I booked 2 appointments for a Saturday the day before and got in with no problems.The office looked busy when we got there but a staff member still greeted us. I filled out the paperwork that was required and in 10 mins the kids were getting their exams done. The staff was friendly and made my kids feel at ease. The appointments went by rather smoothly and quickly. We were done within the hour for both exams and thats with one of my kids picking out glasses. Definitely will recommend this location.
1	I've been a customer at this location for more than four years and while I've never needed to write a negative review,  I've also never been overwhelmed to write a terribly positive review, either. Here's the rundown and why they only get one star....The first few years of my relationship with Nationwide Vision was good -- not great... just good. The Doctors change frequently, so it's difficult to build up any type of history, but I guess that is what a chart is for, right? For the record, my eyesight hasn't changed much over the years with the exception of a gradual decline due to age. I am near sighted, no astigmatism, wear contacts and when in the mood I switch to my glasses, and have slight allergies due to hay fever.  All in all, I'm a pretty easy patient.What else hasn't changed in the past 5 years? My health insurance. I've had the SAME benefits, the SAME copay, the SAME EXACT carrier since I've been a patient with Nationwide.I basically get the same exact brand of contacts every year and can budget accordingly. However, this year I paid $50 more. I brought this to the front desk person's attention, and she insisted I was wrong...I went home, called insurance company, verified my benefits, went back in to the store to get my refund, and she refused. I showed her - well, I actually drew her a picture, and she refunded me $25. Come to find out, she actually charged me another $25 rather than refunding me, which has caused another nightmare with my FSA carrier, but that's another story for another day.I called the corporate office and basically got "into it" with that representative. After a solid 10 to 15 minute phone call of bantering back and forth, I gave up and decided that this was definitely a no-win situation.If you want to just be a patient with a chart, get what you need quickly (in and out) and possibly be overcharged (with no care of fixing the situation) then feel free to go to Nationwide Vision Center.Funny thing is, I don't mind being rushed in and out of the eye doctor. What really IRKED me was the overcharging and complacency to even help me get the situation resolved.So, what could have been an easy fix, ( I was willing to split the difference and take the $25 and call it good), has now resulted in a disgruntled customer, a crappy YELP rating, and the loss of a five year patient...Come 2015, I shall be looking for a new eyecare provider (Pun Intended).
4	My kids get their eyes checked here the past few years and customer service wanes.  Sometimes it is super excellent and sometimes so so.  We've never gotten bad customer service.  The eye doctors are always nice, as well as the ones who do the pre-screening.  Whomever helps my kids with their glasses are always nice.  However, sometimes the front desk people give anywhere from 3-5 stars for customer service.  It just depends whom.  The rest of the people attending to my kids are 4.5-5 stars.Sometimes they just have too many people, but that's fine.
1	I was treated very poorly by the front desk employee. She was extremely rude and unprofessional. I just can not handle extremely poor customer service. I would only go if I had no other place to go. They will not be getting my business.
