2	You're not going to get sick here, but it isn't very good. Fast, expensive, and close to gambling, who needs anything else? We were stuck needing food about 10 pm at Circus Circus and this was open. Overpriced by alot, the salsa was good, everything else was boring or flavorless. But it was food and we didn't have to drive somewhere else.
2	Just your regular mall food. It looked appetizing, but wasnt. ate here with a couple friends and they didnt enjoy their food either. Wouldnt recommend this place to anyone and wouldnt want to come here again.
3	Soooo, my son, my sister, my cousin and his girl, and I went to this restaurant because the Circus Buffet was overcrowded (the line was out into the casino. The food here was decent. We could not agree on what to order. So, we all ended up with nachos. My son had chips with grounded beef and nachos. My little sister had nachos loaded with all tops such as cheese, salsa, ground beef, sour cream, and much more EXCEPT guacamole. My cousin had nachos fully loaded. His girl had the mexi pizza which was basically nachos on top of some pizza dough. And I had the Italian nachos that was nachos, jalpenos, and all the basics to making a nacho. The food was good, yet the atmosphere was perfect. It wasn't crowded and no one screaming or crying. The waitress was awesome. Big thanks to all of our family for their support for Lil Man's grad day. Afterwards, we walked around in the Adventure Dome and then went on the rides.
1	I ate here this past weekend and 1 star in generous.  The lady that took our order wasn't the nicest of people. We had to ask for every extra.  Can I please have sugar or cream with my coffee.  Your coffee dispenser is empty.  Can I please have napkins.  Plus, the tables are not cleaned between guests using them.  The food didn't fair any better.  I ordered a personal pan pizza.  My pizza had no flavor!  I would highly recommend the McDonalds in Circus Circus over this place!
2	It does the job.  It's not crazy expensive like many of the other restaurants in LV.  Portions are large so a meal can carry you through the night.  But you get what you pay for.Mexitalia serves both Mexican and Italian food.  I leaned toward the Mexican fare, ordering a Chicken and Beef Enchilada combo plate.  The food has decent flavor but there is nothing special about it.  Generic seasonings, nothing more.As far as the Mexitalia "X-Press".....  That's definitely a misnomer!   We'd come to this restaurant rather than another in the vicinity because we wanted to eat quickly and head back out to the Strip.  My food took upwards of 45 minutes.  The quickest came out at about 25 minutes.  So, yeah.  Not quite express.  At all.
