4	Being a "First to Review" whore, I convinced Hubby we needed to try the pub with the huge "now open" sign on our way out of Metro Center. Donna D. beat me to the punch, but we are very glad we went anyway. The interior is full of dark woods, with framed pictures, metal and mirrored beer ad signs, a mural, and antique instruments on the wall. The music was great, from The Smiths, REM, and STP to the Red Hot Chili Peppers. A band was setting up as we were leaving. It was quite busy, but we were still able to get a table right away at 9:00 on a Friday night. However, by the time we left, there were no tables to be had and the outside smoking tables were also completely crowded. The customers were totally eclectic, from older very well dressed Scottsdale types to skinheads. The drink menu seemed pretty standard, with Scotches, Irish whiskeys, bottled and tap beer. The menu was not huge, but let's hope that they do all the food as well as our dinner selections. They made a grand claim that they served the only authentic Shepherd's Pie in Arizona, and Hubby just had to see if they were full of it. Soon he was full of the best shepherd's pie he said he's ever had, made with lamb and champs. I had the fish and chips. The fish was not quite Rosie McCaffrey's and the chips were not quite as good as Rula Bula's, but it was all very very good. The piece of fish was about 12x5" and super crispy, and the chips were potato wedges, well-seasoned and tasty. The tartar sauce was unusually tangy (and delicious) , but the cole slaw was served in a ramekin so small that it fit about a tablespoon's worth, but that turned out to be OK, since it was virtually tasteless. There were also burgers, sandwiches, cottage pie, and flat iron steaks on the menu, and a ridiculous sounding bread and butter pudding for dessert that we will be back to try (they were already out when we asked for it).It was great to see a brand new place doing so well already, and Tim's will likely end up in our regular rotation of favorites.UPDATE: We returned and had another good meal, and we noticed that a few things with my fish dinner had changed- less breading, more flavor in the coleslaw (mustard?), but the "chips" were a little soggy this time. We also got to try the bread and butter pudding. I'm not sure what to say about it- it's strange, for sure. A hot rectangle of cripsy on the outside and almost slimy on the inside bread pudding with a few pockets of raisins and a two note taste: hella sweet and bourbon. It was heart-stopping rich. The whole plate was drizzled with a slightly sweet thick butter sauce. It definitely  needed something else- maybe a little cinnamon.
4	Lovin' the new pub!  I've been there three times in the last couple of weeks and have to admit that I'm hooked. Where else can you get Strongbow on tap, and The Pogues, Dropkick Murphy, The Tossers, and Flogging Molly on the box?!! The food isn't half bad either!They have a phenomenol HH with apps at half off and drink specials that actually make it reasonable. My first trip came in at $25 for three apps and 4 pints. We sampled the wings, some weird little sausage rolls, and the corned beef and cabbage taquitos (which I must say were quite tasty in a really unexpected way). The best part was that Donelle (ask for her if you are there), lined me up with the second pints 2 minutes before the prices went up to save me a little moola!They have live music three or four nights a week, pub trivia when there is no band and sunday afternoons they do Seisiun (think fraggle rock with Irish or celtic instruments). Check out their website for details shows http://www.timfinnegans.com/index.htmThis place is comfortable, way not pretentious, and may just be my new home away from home!  Slainte  : )
4	I tried this place a few weeks back and have been meaning to get to the review.I couldn't manage to get anyone to go out and have a few pints with me, but you know what? I have no problem drinking alone so I went anyhow.The place is pretty large for the cozy pub feel that it has. The music was great, though I agree the soud system needs some work. It is hard to hear from the actual bar, though maybe this is on purpose. They have a good sized patio for us smokers and you are allowed to take your drinks with you. Thank god.They claim the only real shepphards pie in Arizona, so I had to try it and it was fantastic, though the real star was the brown bread they served with it. They bake it fresh on site and it is amazingly good.Most of the wait staff had Irish accents. How can you not enjoy the charm in an Irishman serving you a beer. The owner was even making rounds introducing himself and he was a standup guy.I haven't made it back yet but it is definately in the stars.
2	Taking my Irish partner out to the pub should be a gesture of pure love. Finding an authentic pub near home should be a joy of epic proportions. Our visit to Tim Finnegans was disappointing. We seem to have difficulty getting attention in places we visit. Here again was a place we had to seat ourselves, get our own menu's, help ourself to silverware all while the place wasn't busy. We sat and when we did get a server she was incompetent. We tried to order food and drinks, but she left the table before we could finish.  We  got our drinks delivered by another server and asked for the appetizer from her. Then we just sat and watched the game on the screen. We watched our original girl take two other tables orders. Out came the appetizer and when it was completely gone, she came over to take our dinner order. The food: The chips and and curry appetizer was quite tasty, the curry sauce should be thicker to coat the chips more, and it could add some spice, but I thought it was a very novel item. The signature Lamb Shepherd's pie was very disappointing. You can substitute the L with an Sp and drop the silent B and get a better description of it's content. Hormel would be proud. The champ potatoes on top would be better replaced with pastry. My partner's corned beef and cabbage was decent. However the Corned beef was cut in narrow slivers and the meat was bloated with water. On the other hand the cabbage and parsley was very good. The potatoes were the same as atop the pie, they stood up better on a plate. We ordered the bread pudding and thought that the exterior was fabulous, the interior a bit too slimy and the whiskey/bourbon sauce, lacking in flavor or sweetness with a consistency that unnerved. I do not want to use an unsavory term for the consistency of that sauce, but it needs much more sweetening regardless. Take the sauce from Rula Bula and put it on the bread and you'd be much happier indeed! Over all the decor is nice, the place could have a good ambiance especially if they were playing Irish music, they weren't. It was some modern rock station. The check came before the dessert was gone and, well I guess we were done. Sigh. This really could have been a better experience.
4	Fecking Great.    Update:Went for lunch:   This time I thought the corned beef taquitos even  better than last, curry chips tad saltier.  Still loving the appetizers and the cider.  This time had the  cottage pie,  it's  really nothing to write home about, specially if you are from the region and your parent's wouldn't appreciate you seeing other cottage pies;)    Spend the extra on the sheperds  it's really much better.   This was ok , really really nothing special and the heat could have been better.   Service  is good, but pedestrian , the last time I had no time pressure, this time I did.     We're sitting at 3.5 - 3.75 now with the round up till 4. Still  I'll return Original Review: First thanks to Julie P for pointing out that this place exists. That it's within stumbling distance of the house ( think prolonged zombie stumble over an hour  versus a quick trip and recover)  is even better. Cider on tap is Strongbow and you get it in a real pint., Yay.  Sadly that's all they have and there's no bottled ones to try ,  Strongbow is  the Bud of UK ciders and while it's way better than no cider or what passes for beer here it's not that hard to stock more of a common drink for a themed bar. Onto the Food  (I'll get to it as a venue some other time)  Appetizers.  Curry and chips was exactly what it should have been  and a generation of Irish and UK kids have  grown up with this for lunch  at the local chip shop.    The  corned beef and cabbage taquitos  I think  are moving up to be our #1 appetizer that's not a hot wing. Taste of these  and the hot mustart / tomatillo salsa on the base compliment each other nicely. Not heavy on the fat and delightfully  crunchy.  For once an Irish restaurant trying to do something other than name US staples with cute regional names. Main: Salad   and the sheperd's pie. Let's not get into the salad it's a waste of time reviewing vegetables.  The pie is pretty good and none of the flavours overwhelm each other. Not sure the champ ( mashed potatos ) atop them live up to what lies below but it's more a personal texture issue than it spoiled the overall dish.  Bread and Butter pudding is really good but please if you have any trouble sleeping after reading nutrition sheets as to the fat and carb content of your meal DON'T just  eat it and run round the  block four times before getting back in the car. Oddity?    parsley flakes on all the plates to make it green , please just buy green speckled plates , it's classier:D  At the end got a coupon for 25% off the next bill which I will certainly take them up on. It's as good  for food as any of the valley's Irish bars ( better imho)  but have to get back on pub quiz night  to really know.Were in too early to hear the band but you can look at the pa, the space and  know it's going to sound  bad ( place looks like standing wave city)  with anything electric and full drum set.     The jukebox played "i'm too sexy " by Right said fred  WTF that really  messed up the ambience.Country bars don't have NIN on the box after all.
3	Went for lunch today and had the Shepherd's pie. A co-worker had the peppercorn burger and it looked so fancy with an onion ring and pickle skewered on top.  The ambiance was more than I expected! Reserving stars until I get to go back for live music and drinks... stay tuned... the music line up is pretty impressive!
4	Went back to listen to Shay Veno perform. What a great place to hang out in the neighborhood! (although the music started about 45 minutes later than was advertised, which wouldn't be AS big of a deal if it wasn't a weeknight...)BTW, the corned beef and cabbage taquitos are really good!! Definitely worth keeping an eye on this place...  I plan to go again...
2	the food here is great. but the service leaves something to be desired.we called ahead with a party of 10 at noon on a sunday -- they said it would be no problem. when we got there, there was one server on the floor and she apparently couldn't keep up. we got our own silverware, condiments and refills. when we expressed displeasure to the owner, he told us the server was overworked -- but he wasn't all that polite about it. (and anyway, isn't that his fault?) it should also be noted that he was behind the sparsely-seated bar the entire time and didn't seem to be helping her at all. he apologized and put in an order for free dessert. we weren't in the mood to sit there longer -- we had already been there for two hours -- so when we passed on dessert, the owner got pissy. i would have called someone else to complain, but there isn't  much you can do when even the owner is rude to you.anyway. go for the food, but consider getting it to go.
3	I'll score Tim Finnegans "the old 3-stars."  I stopped here with a coworker and we both had the Fish & Chips lunch special.  Having had great fish & chips (which should be made with haddock, not cod) I never expect more than 3 star fish & chips from most places and all the more so in Phoenix for an 8.99 lunch special.So with that as a standard I got what I expected.  Fairly good fish & chips.  It was a good size slab of cod and the batter was just heavier than a light batter.  The fish was flaky and tender, not a bit overdone.  Phew.  So often it's overdone.  An Irish pub should be able to nail fish & chips.  If not, just shut her down.The chips were thick cut and skin on, very good.  They came already salted and seasoned lightly.  When they are being served up with fish and you might use malt vinegar perhaps they should forgo the normal seasonings.The atmosphere here was nice, dark and cozy.  Pretty much dead at lunch time but I imagine they are full on the weekend.  If not, they have a problem.  There is a stage and they advertise various events with live music, trivia and other such shenanigans.
1	They added too much to their menu, and they're overwhelmed. They also got rid of their good lunch specials. So, go here for the drinks and the atmosphere.Hopefully the management is only doing this temporarily. Because I miss their $5 lunch specials. They're not so popular yet as to scrape those, add a dozen items to the menu, and call it quits. Their kitchen can't handle it.So, eat beforehand and come up. The drinks are still good, until they raise the prices of those too.Edit: Spoke too soon. I just went to their website and noticed they changed their "$3 Smithwicks Every day All Day" to the far inferior Carlsberg for $3 whatever, whatever. Oh, it's sad to see such potential beginning to tank so soon. Service has dropped, quality of food has dropped, and now they really are already raising their drink prices. Shame.
5	if you're looking for an authentic irish pub, this is it. this looks like it was brought over from ireland. the bar is really nice and the entire place is cool. they also have a live band during happy hour! that's a big plus for me to beable to listen to a band before 5.  during happy hour, which they have 7 days a week, all appetizers are half off. they have lots of good appetizers. if you order off the menu besides appetizers, the food is very good. the corned beef and cabbage is great with huge portions. i've been here multiple times and all the portions are large, great flavor, and it's a big plus to get the appetizers half off. there are plenty of plasmas in the dining area and bar to catch a game. they also have a band on friday nights. not sure about saturday. i think as far as atmosphere, it's very cool and you feel like you're in ireland.
3	i dropped in here with a group of friends one night after an epic round of mini golf & mini shooters. my devilsh idea of mixing mini golf with pockets full of 50ml shooters. fun was had. well pre-Tim Finnegans that is. this place was not nearly as cool as Rosie McCaffrey's was when it first opened. so i'm sure this place will start A-OK and just get worse. the Douchery level at McCaffrey's is pretty thick now, so i expect the same of Tim Finnegan's in the near future.food was decent to good, price was average.
5	What a great pub!  Tim's has a great atmosphere, a good selection of beers and amazing food.  Every time we go we've always had great service.
3	Great service, decent Irish grub that makes you want to drink more Guinness, authentic pub atmosphere and live music certain nights.  The Shepherd's Pie ($12.99) that is so proudly highlighted in the menu missed the mark.  Having lived in London, we're a big fan of the dish and were excited to see that TF uses the more traditional minced lamb and not beef.  However, the meat was overpowered by way too much dried rosemary leaves.  The brown bread that accompanied it was the highlight, followed by the mashed potatoes and finally the lamb.This is a good place to hang out over a couple of pints while the food comes second.
4	running into Tommy tonight was awesome. after the first time here i wasn't sure if it was the place he opened, but now its confirmed it is. and i'm happy to support any establesment that Tommy is behind, because he is one good guy. from my converstaion i assertained that every bartender is Irish born, which from our conversation is unique to Tim FInnegans. hats off to that. if i could find a swedish bar with 100% swed born bartenders i would be into that. but lets face it, the sweds arent exactly known for their beer or whiskey. so it is what it is.i wish Tommy the best with his place and hope nothing but the best for him. the Yelp party was a great success. i'll drop in more if i'm in the area. i hope the Douchery doesn't infest this place as i previously predicted. Tommy assured me it wasn't the clientel he was looking for. so i'm crossing my fingers.
5	I have driven past this place many a time and wanted to stop in, but something always got in my way. Well, tonight was a special night and I finally got my chance to check out Tim Finnegans. As I walked through the bright red door I was hit with the authentic Irish smell of salty fish, not over powering, but just like I pulled into port. When I look around the bar I feel like I'm in an Irish antique shop, there is an old fashioned metal bike hanging on the wall with very old metal signage. It definitely has a neighborhood feel for me. This palce just gives off really good vibes to me. I would imagine that this is what an authentic Irish pub is like in Ireland.The set up of the bar is very accommodating, they have a section that is lower than the regular bar which I assume is for little people and people in wheelchairs; and any place that is considerate of all their customers earns rave reiews in my book.The LIVE music was great and a real treat. I like that they do this more than twice a week. I intereacted with two bartenders and four waitresses that night and I have to say everyone was very friendly and on the ball.I'm definitely going back. If anything changes, believe me, you'll be the first to know!
4	I really love this place! Yes it is in a strip mall-what isn't? But, when I was sitting inside listening to the great live music and drinking my Guinness I felt like I was back in Michigan or somewhere back East where old school Irish pubs and hole-in-the-wall bars are much more prevalent than trendy clubs and lounges. Great service! The place is huge and has your general bar food and full bar. I have yet to try anything besides their beer but I am sure I will be back in the future!
4	Finally back in Phoenix with the hubby for a week or two and I have to drive up north to visit with a friend in from Buffalo to talk about networking and marketing. I need some dinner and a beer before I head to my little schmoozefest and remember that the recent Yelp Elite event (that I missed because I was out of town) was held at this place. We find Tim Finnegans and decide that we want to sit outside and enjoy the beautiful night air after my month in the frigid northeast.  We walked in to get menus and I noticed that the place seemed huge, but I walked through and went outside so I didn't get to see much.Outside there are numerous shiny new wooden tables with benches at which to sit.  Our waitress meets us outside and quickly takes our drink orders.  We peruse the menu for our choices, and by the time she comes back are ready to order.We chose chicken wings as an appetizer, because that's how we roll.  The wings were meaty and pretty good.  If I were reviewing only them, I would probably give them 3.5 stars.  No Franks, but the sauce was a good combination of hot and vinegary.  They could have been a little crispier.I ordered the Shepherds Pie, which claims to be the only authentic pie in the valley.  I'm not sure what makes it authentic, but my guess is the lamb.  I've never seen it offered as a lamb dish before.  Unfortunately, I was too full from the wings and couldn't take more than a few bites.  I'll eat the leftovers later, because from what I tasted this meat and potato dish was pretty yummy.I'd give the whole restaurant 3.5 stars and round it up to 4 for the willingness of the owners to open an original restaurant in the land of chains.  I would definitely go back and try it again if I have time while I'm here.
5	Tim Finnegan's is the best Irish Pub and hands down the best bar in the area. They have the typical selection of pub drafts that you'd expect, and they are never overpriced for a good Irish Whiskey or mixed drink.The food is amazing, always ask what the soup is. Paul, the head chef, will whip up some amazing soups that have to be tried. I love the shepherd's pie and the Reuben, and if you like hot wings, they are pretty darn good. Having tried them all though I can honestly say every single entree is delicious, and the bread pudding is not to be missed!The service is solid, and everyone there is friendly and will learn your name after you've been there a few times.Tuesday pub trivia is a blast, and the live music on the weekends is always great. I have yet to find a bar withing 15 miles of Tim Finn's that will keep me coming back like this place does!
3	I thought I had made quite the discovery while mini golfing last night when I saw that whatever crab house/fish tacos place here had gone under and been converted into an irish pub. Turns out there was that yelp event here. Well regardless I knew a couple of brews here would be the perfect accompaniment to the flask of scotch I took down at Castles n' Coasters.I saw they feature 3 dollar Carlsberg's on tap and thought I was falling in love. Until they came. What is going on with the tapped beer here? I tried a Harp too, to see if it was just the Carlsberg, but both were strangely lacking their hearty flavor. I can't put my finger on it, because they weren't flat, but it was the poorest Carlsberg and Harp I ever had on tap. It also didn't help matters that the potato skins we ordered couldn't even stack up against Applebee's.At least the had an "Irish" band playing. I could tell because my ears started to bleed green and orange. Is that supposed to happen? I don't think so, especially since half of the songs they played sounded more like they were from the band in the Swayze classic "Roadhouse" then befitting an Irish pub. Part of the problem just looks to be the natural acoustics of the space, but someone really needs to tell the house band that just because you can play loud enough to permanently make the entire pub crowd lose their ability to hear a violin, doesn't mean you should. They need to be able to play to the venue they have.Timmy's also features a cast of entertaining, yet depressing characters, mostly of the mid-life crisis variety. There is Jig By the Server's Station with Your Heels Off Until Your Boob Falls Out Girl. We also got to see Take of Your Jive Hat So you Can Lick the Boobs of a Cardboard Cutout Beer Model Advertisement Guy. There was a brief cameo of I'm Gonna Wear My Gears of War Hoddie AND Hat Out Wherever I Feel Like to Make it Painfully Obvious How Much I Hate Human Interaction and Want To Get Home to Some Multiplayer Action Guy. There was the Sit as Close as Possible to the Band and Shout "Chug!Chug!Chug!" at Every Break Crowd. And of course who can ignore Lonely Guy Who Incessantly Claps at the Bar to Every Irish Anthem Played.I have to give the place 3 stars for effort though, and for providing an escape in the metro center area that badly needed a dependable bar other then Applebee's. Even if the potato skins suck. At least I can now get blind stupid drunk for mini-golf. UYE?
3	Tim Finnegan's is a badass Irish pub & probably my first choice to grab some beers in the Ghetro-center area. If you're looking to go there for drinks & entertainment, then you'll have a good time. 4 or 5 stars for the pub environment.For vegetarians, this place gets 2 stars for the food. For non-vegetarians, my fellow diners also have not been impressed with the food.So to summarize: eat elsewhere and then head to Tim Finnegan's for drinks & entertainment.
4	So the boy and I wanted a Sunday afternoon drink, near his place. We stopped by Tim Finnegans.  From the outside, in a strip mall, this place looks like a dive bar, but the inside isn't, at all. It was very nice/typical pub decor. There was a traditional irish band playing in a circle, in the corner. It was nice. The drinks were slightly overpriced, but they have strongbow and smithwicks on tap. I looked over the menu and there wasn't too many vegetarian options. We ordered the curry chips, which were awesome [think fries with a spicy curry dipping sauce]! The authentically irish bartender turned off the soccer game and turned on the tour de france when we asked, which was nice. Overall, I am just not a fan of "themed bars", unless the theme is "dive."  However, I'll be back for another mid-Sunday afternoon drink.
5	They just updated their menu and it's good! They have a better variety of entrees now and all the new ones I've tried are pretty darn good. They also swapped out Strong Bow for Magner's Irish Cider and the Stella for Guinness 250 which is awesome.
4	Just got back from lunch.  Went to go watch the UEFA Champions League games and get a bite.  Had the mussels and leaks and wow amazing.  Wish I could have drank some of the great beers of the world on tap.  Especially the 250 anniversary Guinness for $2.50 a pint yes I typed that right $2.50 a pint.  Great spot to eat and have drinks or in my case a great place to enjoy the game and have a bite.
3	So we were out doing our shopping and strayed a bit too far out of the CenPho region and ended up in gang-land.  Decided we should stop and eat somewhere that didn't end in "iro's" which meant we were limited to a chain or Tim Finnegans.The place is pretty scary dark which makes for a very typical pub-like atmosphere.  They were jammin out some loud ass irish music in the back room which made the place almost impossible to talk in.  It was actually really annoying and I would have appreciated them shutting the hell up at any point during our hour there.  They had a bunch of thowball and rugby games on but you couldn't hear any of them.  Seemed like a great place to watch a match if they weren't playin such loud music.I ordered some sandwich.  It wasn't very good.  It was supposed to be Philly Cheese Steak inspired but it was just sort of dry and lacked a creamy cheese that would have saved the bread.  It wasn't great but it was edible.  The mashed potatoes were pretty killer though and I would highly recommend them.Our waitress spent most of her time sitting at the bar chatting with some people or playing games on the little bar top machine.  Our drinks never got refilled and she was generally inattentive.  I'd probably go back for drinks and whatnot but I'm not really feeling this place.
3	This place is a lot of fun to hang out with a group of friends.The drinks were good and the food came quickly. The music was live and was very good. I didn't even realize the music was live at first as I couldn't see the singer from where I was sitting.Although the drinks were tasty, they were inconsistent in strength. Over the course of the evening I had three long islands. The first one was perfect. the second tasted like it had almost no alcohol in it and the third was ALMOST too strong, but being the trooper that I am, I drank it anyway!We had split the happy-hour sized curry fries (under cooked), and the hot wings (good but not hot at all) and I had the turkey club sandwich.The happy hour apps were good but nothing spectacular. Good for bar food though. The fries could have been cooked for an extra couple of minutes but the sauce was good though a bit on the bland side.  The wings were on the small side and I ordered the hot and didn't get so much as a tingle.Now the club sandwich was REALLY good. I was quite happy eating that!One of the things that bugged me is how hard it was to get the bartenders' attention. There was no method to how they chose who they served next. Sometimes they would check on us 2-3 times before we were ready to order another drink sometimes it would take 10+ minutes before we could get their attention. We even called them by name (in a completely non obnoxious way!). At one point, one of the guys I was with whistled to get the bartenders attention (after raising his hand, waving him down and calling him by name several times) so he could order another drink before happy hour ended, and the bartender went off on him.
5	THE best Irish pub I've found in the valley, great staff, food and drinks. I just wish it wasn't in such a crappy area.
4	Went to watch the USA vs. El Salvador friendly.  Tim Finnegans is now an official USA soccer bar.  :)  I had my usual mussles with leeks and bacon and it was great as always.  The beer selection is great and there are plenty of TV's all with the game on and the volume was on all over the bar.  I even like how there are speakers in the bathrooms so if you do have to get up for a break you still now what's going on.  I can't wait to be able to watch the rest of the friendly's and then the world cup here.
3	This is a St. Patty's day review.They blocked off the parking lot. For some reason drinks were a tiny bit cheaper outside. Guinness was $5.75 inside & only $5 outside. Strange.There was some band doing all sorts of cover songs. The song choices were great, but the band sucked! There was more live music inside which was a little more Irish authentic.The people working here are hot. That's the guys, & girls. Yowza!Only shitty thing about this place is if you try to order a soda or water you will get ignored. You're gonna have to ask 3-5 times before you get your non-alcoholic drink. Yes, I KNOW they make $$ off alcohol, but c'mon now... It takes 5 seconds to pour a soda.The bathrooms became disgusting. That's too be expected & I'm not docking points for that. There are only 2 stalls though. Ladies, pee faster!All in all this place isn't too bad. Decently pub like. I ended my night at Rosie's though & I think I'll skip Finnegans next year & go strait to Rosies.
5	I have only been here a couple of times but this is totally my kind of place. Good drink prices $3 Carlsbergs, I have only had the fish and chips to eat and it was awesome. As far as Irish bars go, this one has good decor and detail. Now that its the only Official US Soccer bar in Arizona, I am going to spend a lot more time there come World Cup time.
4	On Friday I went in at 6:30am to watch the USA vs. Slovenia World Cup match yes I did just say 6:30am.  The even cooler part was when I got there my first item I ordered and received was a nice cold Kiltlifter.  Oh how good beer is when you first wake up. :)  They had breakfast which was great I got to drink 3 more beers while I watched the match which surprisingly was packed and if it wasn't for a horrible call from the ref was great.  I'll be back Wednesday at 6:30 for the final group match against Algeria.
4	Tim Finnegans when will you open a location in Tucson? Every time I go to Phoenix I try to stop by this great Irish pub. A ton of great beers on tap and fabulous ambiance, this pub is a great place to spend a few hours. I especially love the food. This is the place for Shepherd's Pie. If you've never had it, Shepherd's Pie is ground lamb, veggies and mashed potatoes. It is amazing! I also love the cod sliders. Tim Finnegans has happy hour specials and bands on Fridays and Saturdays. If you're in the area and have a hankering for all things Irish stop by!
5	I don't really care what the overall stars rating is, this place is great!The Shepard's pie is one of the best in the valley and the staff is always ready with a fresh pint.The Sunday jam sessions for traditional music is great.
4	i'm sorry. i love the hamburgers. and the shepard's pie. and while i had one bad experience a few years ago, i enjoy this place.
4	Very genuine Irish bar. In Ireland, people don't go around playing fiddles all the time, so I'm OK with this place not having had that when I visited :) As far as the location, it has plenty of parking, it's very roomy, decorated well, clean & the staff is helpful & friendly. I went there to watch a UFC game & I was lucky to get there early enough to get a seat at the bar, right in front of the TV :) They also show soccer games, which you'll be hard pressed to find in many places. The food portions are big, at least for me, lol. My friend had the Sheppard's pie & he went on about it for days, so I guess it was THAT good. They also have plenty of options on draft & were willing to give suggestions for mixed drinks. I don't remember what the drink I had was called, but it was yummy! Great bar tender.
4	Been to this place a few times in the last 2 years and always had a good time, so when I heard they were having an Open Bar for New Year's Eve I jumped at gathering a few friends to celebrate here. I called ahead to see if we could purchase tickets ahead of time or see if we can make a reservation. They said they were expecting a huge crowd so just to show up really early. Come New Year's Eve night my friends and I get there at about 845ish. Band wasn't on yet, there were still a few tables open abd the bar wasn't crowded at all. The hubby ordered some fish and chips to munch on with our beers. Wasn't impressed. Nor was I in the past when I tried their food other nights, so I didn't have high expectations anyhow. Open bar was just $20 for ladies, $30 for guys. It was well worth it!! Included all draft beer and a selection of shots. We definitely had a great time here and took advantage of the open bar. Bartender even let us know when there was a cab available outside when we were good and drunk. The bar never got too crowded and crowd didn't get too crazy - aside for a few girls who threw up all over themselves in the restroom. But you know everyone's having a good time when the ladie's room gets backed up and no one cares because we're all just having a good time chitchatting with each other - cat fight free.
5	I used to play on a Coed indoor soccer team that was sponsered by this bar and that is when I started to go here. If you are into authentic Irish bars then you absolutely must stop in. It is in a kind of hidden corner but once you walk in you will realize how charming it is. Even the bartender is actually Irish! They have $3 Carlsberg all day every day and other great Irish beers and ciders on tap. As far as food goes I have only had their fish and chips but it was delicious. We stopped in last Saturday night because they are the only Official US Soccer bar in Arizona and we wanted to watch the game. We were pleasantly surprised with the live music they had that night. It was really great and I think we will be going more often now!
5	So the hubs and I decided to stop in here last night. We live fairly close by and had never been, though we drive past it a fair amount, we've just never stopped in. So we slide on in around 6:30 or so and are promptly greeted and told we can take a seat where ever we want. We chose to sit at one of the big round tables on top of a barrel! The place is very much what I would expect an Irish pub to look like. Lots of dark heavy wood that puts off a real welcoming vibe. Our waiter Joey was outstanding! He was so friendly and helpful! Now, lets get serious and talk about what matters most, THE FOOD! They were having a half price apps special so we ordered up some crab cakes and wings. The crab cakes were really great! The hubs chowed down on the wings and seemed to really enjoy them. For entrees I ordered the fish and chips. Seriously, WHOA! Might be some of the best fish and chips I've ever had! The huge portion of cod was cooked perfectly! The batter was just right, not to heavy, just right. The chips were great, skin on hand cut fries, seasoned to perfection! The hubs had the flat iron steak sandwich. Its served on a crusty bread, which the hubs was not a fan of. He said the steak had a good flavor to it but would probably order something different next time. We really had a nice time here. A man was in the back singing and playing guitar. We will for sure be coming back here!
5	The best Real Irish pub in Phoenix.
4	I really like this place. I typically go for happy hour with the girls, but I drug my husband there last night. They have wonderful beers on draft, and the food is a nice change from typical "bar food".  My husband and I had several Smithwicks, which were cold and were delivered in a timely manner. I had the steak salad. It was a little fatty, but the dressing was awesome. Ben had the sliders, which were moist and tasty. Our server was friendly and prompt. I only have 2 small issues with this place: first, I like to sit on the patio, but every time I go there, I have to go inside and ask for service. After I ask, I usually have great service, but I would prefer to be served without asking. Second, the crowd is sort of strange. I love eclectic people, but every time I go there, there are people who try to have these strange, conservative-laden conversations with me. Not that I am intolerant of people's views, but I am having a convo with the people I came with, and it feels strange to be randomly interrupted by strangers. Not the bars fault, just an observation.
4	You're out in the north central valley, you don't really want to go to a dive bar, you're not a hipster and you can't spend another trendy moment eating anything on a board.... pull up a stool at Tim Finnegans for a pint and wait for the music or an interesting conversation to begin! It's better than anything in the Metrocenter area has any right to be (in its current incarnation at least).
3	Nice atmo, friendly service, decent food. This isn't very Irish to me, but at least it's not a sports bar with an "Irish" brand. This is a nice place to meet friends and hang out. Trivia night was pretty awesome and they have a decent concert calendar.
2	It has been a while since we stopped by as we are loyal to O'Connors, but we heard the food was good so we got a late lunch one afternoon. The place was nice decor was traditional, the people were friendly. We sat at the bar, and they didn't have the drink I wanted but they did offer a couple other things. When the food came out, I just wasn't impressed if I recall correctly it was 11 dollars for 2 pieces of fish and some french fry's and I left still feeling hungry. If I were just going to drink I would go back, but the food just didn't impress me. I may try them again, but I just wasn't impressed.
3	Random.I am sleeping. My friend wakes me up from my castle at 12am, banging on my door saying I have to go out to night! Clothes on, ID in hand...off I go.He brings me to this place!!  I am not one for dive bars, nor partial to being disappointed.  Dives are necessary every once a while.  This place has the feel of a dive but has the crowd of a well established bar. Mixed feelings about this place. Curious how the weekends are?!Almost out of my grog from my sleep, my buddies decide 3 tequila shots are due. Salt on, shot glasses in hand...off I go. The 'tender was a nice guy, seemed to like his job. Quick to the order and fast to the tab. Thank you! FINAL ThoughTs: Aside from the acres of room to sit, Tim's has what so many dives don't have, which is the personality of a reputable bar. A great place to go with friends after the daze of a treacherous weekend. NOTE: Avoid the patio after 12:30am. I have seen coke heads both times I have gone. Coincidence??  R\_
4	I am the Duke of O'Connors pub, but I love Tim Finnegan's too.I go there to drink, I come here to eat.  The hot wings are nothing short of awesome, I have them at least once a week.  Oh, and the Cod and Chorizo is awesome, It is my favorite fish dish in Phoenix.  Shepard's pie is made with lamb, like it should be!  Corned Beef and Cabbage is also really good, not as good as my Mom's but close.The bartenders (usually Tommy and /or Jimmy) and wait staff take good care of their customers, especially their regulars.When they have live music it is usually pretty good, but the week night people have been so so as of late.  Not my thing, but they do draw somewhat of a crowd.  Weekends are much better.  Come to see any of  the Irish Bands, or Carvin Jones.Trivia on Tuesdays is awesome, it is run by Cedar the Duke of this place.Look for Team Beef and Titties!
5	Great food...fresh beer and great service on a busy Saturday night!  The band was real good too!
1	Wife and I went to T. F. today at lunch intent on corned beef and cabbage (me) and fried fish (her).  Waiter told us we could have the all you can eat fish for only 6 dollars more than the regular fish.  We took the regular fish.  What she got was either a very small piece of fish or half of a regular sized one.  Was fried up in a salty bit of batter.  Came with good cole slaw but there was only about two teaspoons of it.  Also came with some overcooked, limp and greasy french fries.  All for $9.00!!My corned beef was good.Small portion again but good.  The cabbage was so salty that it might have been cooked in brine.  Fortunately there was only about 2 tablespoons of it.  It also came with mashed potatoes which were good but again super small portions.  My meal was also $9.00.  Iced tea was $2.25 and Harp beer (small glass) was $5.00.  Not too bad.Chef needs to learn how big a serving size is.  He can't tell the difference between regular serving sizes and children's sizes.HINT:  every day they have a different special.  That special is the big, that is to say regular size, for only a few bucks more.  So order the special even if it sounds big 'cause it isn't.  You'll actually save money because after we paid over $30 bucks we still went over to near by Carvers because we were still hungry.Very sorry I didn't have the same experience that some of my fellow Yelpers did.I guess this is a beer drinking place and food comes secondary.
4	I really enjoyed it here. It was pretty chill for a Friday night but probably the best atmosphere of any Irish Bar I've been to in The Valley. The Garlic Fries KICK ASS!!!!. Holly did some great acoustic covers....will definitely be back
4	GREAT Irish pub! i went on a Friday during the live music performance. I can't remember the name of the band, but they were awesome! The lead singer/guitarist was way into the crowd and got everyone hyped. I only had a few drinks, but a Sailor Jerry was only $3.50 and was very strong! I like cheap strong drinks! Definitely a good time. Will have to go back and try the food.
5	Awesome food nice environment. The fish and chips here are to DIE for.
4	This place is one of my favorite local spots. The corned beef taquitos and the cod with chorizo are some of my favorite things on the menu.  They also have a large selection of hard to find Irish whiskeys and single malt scotch. My wife does not share my love of this place, as she likes wine and salad, neither of which are great here, but hey, its an Irish pub and I don't think I'd want to hang out at any that were known for wine and salad.
3	First time at Tim's was (supposed to be for) Happy Hour.  There was actually nothing wrong with the faire at Tim's - the problem was the pricing.  Our bill was $60.  We had four appetizers, three cocktails, and two sodas.  We had garlic fries (A+), sausage rolls (B-), baby back sliders (B) and chicken strips (A) that were all on the happy hour menus -- supposed to be half off during happy hour.  We also had 2 margaritas, a bourbon [house] and seven, and two cokes.  Still trying to figure out how the math worked on that one, but since it was my birthday we weren't going to argue (we were just going to hurry out and go up the street to Black Angus, where six cocktails [4 margs and two bourbon and cokes) and three apps (nachos, tater skins and pretzel cheese sticks) were $30-something dollars.  Though the food was good at Tim's - the items are too pricey for that neighborhood.  Decor is very cute and clean - waitress was mostly attentive (only had to ask twice for a couple of items).  ALSO Big A+ because RUSH was playing on the muzac for what seemed an entire album side (good choice).
3	Large menu, a little pricy for the quality of food.. Canned?.. Good beer selections, basic irish dishes.. Eeh .. Nothin special
4	I've been making trips to Tim Finnegans before I lived in Arizona.  On a past visit my friend brought me here.  It was a place me made trips to for the shepherds pie.  I had my first pie here and have now tried it many other places.  Tim Finnegans offers up the best and it's made with lamb (as opposed to beef in many places).  Always was it down with a pint of Strongbow or Magners.It's a good bar for sports too.  There's always a soccer or football game on.  Man City swag is plentiful here.Service is a bit slow from time to time but I can live with that.
5	Corned beef and cabbage taquitos...sounds crazy, so I had to try it...it was GREAT!  The $3 dollar Carlsberg big draft beers were also GREAT!  The bartender was GREAT as well!  If those 3 reasons aren't good enough to try out Tim Finnegans, then go because I said so :)
4	If it's lent or you're craving fish and chips then head over to TIm Finnegans for a black velvet pint and an order of AYCE fish fry for $13! that  can't be beat. Oh and it's good fish and chips, the sad part is that it's hefty so unless you're really just craving alot of fish, you'll only be able to handle one serving of fish and chips that it'll be too hard to stomach a second plate. The pub has character, and on Fridays usually later in the evening they have live music. Overall a good pub to hang out, have some fish and chips, drink some pints of black velvet (for me) and have a good time!
4	Always have a great time and stop in every time we are in Phoenix. I can only give it 4 stars because the too k Bass off tap a few yearss back, but still my favorite place to drink in AZ
4	Monday is Half price hamburgers. These Burgers are gourmet and only cost $5.00. It is a great deal!! You can get a pint of Carlsberg for $3.00 I love the Irish Pub music.
5	Great Irish pub in the desert!  The owner's an Irishman who moved here from the Bronx, and NY Irish are more Irish today than Dublin Irish.  The food, both Irish and American cuisine, are great.  I love my Irish grub, but incredible burgers are there to be had!  Just the way you like them; not 165 degree in the middle hockey pucks you get most places.Can't get there enough to please me and in football season, Tommy's Irish comes out and it's a NY Jet Fan's hangout, where new friends are made every week and old friendships revived and rejuvenated.Give me Tim Finn's any day of the week!!!  HOME AGAIN IS THE FEELING!
4	I am taking a star away sadly :( We went in this past Monday. I order my usual, a Stella. I am told they no longer have that on tap and wasnt offered a bottle, so I am not sure if they carry it anymore.  :( This makes kiki a sad lady. We were starving so we started with an app. We waited over 20-30 minutes for our app to come out. The place wasnt busy at all and there were multiple waitresses. We actually had forgotten we ordered the app when it did finally come out. It took another 20 minutes for our order to come out. Not sure what was going on there. The food was just as fantastic as always!
5	I absolutely LOVE this place. They have such a wonderful staff of servers and bartenders. They are super personable and friendly. The drinks are stiff, and the food is great. My favorite is the Chicken and Red Pepper Flatbread, which is half priced on Wednesdays. But worth full price any day of the week... so try it!
5	great atomsphere, music, food, and beer.  Here watching the NCAA Hoops Tourney.  Bookmark this place!
3	Came in last Friday night, a little after 9 or so, to meet up with some friends in town from Denver. They were in for just the weekend and had suggested the place but I was definitely eager to check out a "new, to me" pub that's on my side of town. Upon entering, it seemed to have the right feel and charm to it. Plenty of beer mirrors and signage, decent whiskey selection, Carlsberg on tap, and that dimly lit pub feel. After greeting my friends and grabbing a stool at the bar it all kind of stopped there.  Once I flagged the bartender down, he flung a coaster at me and kind of gave me a blank stare.  I was fully prepared with my order but was kind of taken back by the "what the hell do you want" attitude on my first drink of the night. As far as I could tell, there were three others at the bar top when I sat down, with one just having tabbed out next to me. Ok, slow night but come on man, what's with the sour attitude. Got my drink, brushed it off, and continued on with socializing with my friends and enjoying the atmosphere, until another friend sat next to me at the bar top. He received the same treatment, a Frisbee toss of the coaster and a "what?" from the bartender. As he walked away to get my friend's drink, I explained how he did the same thing to me and it must be how they do it here. "Keep Going sure It's Grand"What could have possibly be the savior for this place that night was the open mic gig playing in the far corner across from the bar. She belted out some Adele covers and green day song or two that sounded awesome!  Huge props to her for continuing to play with only a hand full of people in the bar on a Friday night. Once again trying to get service from one of the two bartenders talking in the corner with each other was like pulling teeth. After begging for another round, we decided our second drink was enough and we'd take off to another spot.  We had even offered to by the singer a drink because she sounded awesome, never got that one either. 3 Stars because they had a live singer... 0 Stars for the service. However, because I think I would real like this place under different circumstances, I'd give it another try and hope for a different bartender.
4	When I am craving really awesome fish and chips, this is the place to go. Especially on fridays, where their fish and chips is all you can eat! Although, be warned that the fish and chips servings are huge so come super hungry lol. And Fridays, they have some live music adding to the awesome vibe of the place. It's an awesome cool place to have a drink and get my fish and chippies on :)
4	Went to Tim Finnegan's for happy hour tonight. Service was EXCELLENT, was served a Carlsberg and wings within 5 minutes of being seated. Food was well above average pub grub (I've been to their brother pub in Scottsdale, the Skeptical Chemyst and knew what to expect). Great appetizers (Wings, PEI mussels, short rib sliders, crab cakes and a whole bunch of great flat breads) that are half price daily from 4-7 pm! Great selection of imported beers on tap and in bottles, as well as whiskeys. Good pation and good sports viewing throughout. I'd give it a "5" but I'm a tough grader, lets call it 4 1/2 and if they continue to impress, we'll see!
4	I really like this place but have not been since the new menu took effect.  $3 Carlings are always awesome and love the daily half price happy hour......Ok, so it has been months since I wrote my review and I am finally getting around to updating this.  The new menu is great!  Fish & chips are hands down my favorite in the valley.  $5 burger Mondays are awesome and oh so overfilling!  The only item on the menu that I still can't get behind 100% are the corned beef taquitos.  They taste great I just don't like the sauce.  Then again, many of my friends love them and the sauce so it is probably just me.  Always a good time at Tim Finn's!  Restaurant is clean, staff is friendly and the owner is attentive.  Love it!
5	I had the chicken wings which were, eh.  The corned beef and cabbage taquitos were disgusting.  They tasted like refried bean taquitos, and the filling looked like refried beans.  The fish tacos are wonderful, though. It's all about the Pub here! Five stars for the bar! Great whiskey and scotch selection. I mean they have The Balvenie 15 year! The decor: warm pub atmosphere
4	First time that I had Shepherd's Pie. It was good and filling. They told me that real shepherd's pie is made with ground lamb; that's how they make it here. It went well with a pint of Guinness. I will definitely come back and try the corned beef and cabbage. Bartender was cool, service was great, food was good, and beer was cold. I'm a fan.
4	Very good. The draft cider was great, as well as the Thursday special (a 5 oz. flat iron steak). Our server, Cheryl was very nice and helpful. The fish an chips were average, but the garlic chips were pleasantly good. Overall happy with the experience, I guess I need to learn the enjoy Irish food more!. We will be back again for sure.
5	I'm in love.  This place was amazing, and I wish I lived in Phoenix so I could come here more often.  I was here on a Monday night with some friends, and Monday just happens to be $5 burger night.  And these are some amazing burgers...good enough to pay full price, but what a steal at $5 a piece.  We all had the burger with the onion-bacon marmalade and garlic aioli.  I have no idea what onion-bacon marmalade is or how one goes about making it, but it was one of the best toppings I've ever had on a burger.  The beef was very flavorful and while I ordered my burger medium, it was slightly overcooked, but still good.  Brioche buns topped them off, and they were very tasty as well.  The fries were nice and crispy, and a perfect compliment to the burgers.  Nice selection of beers on tap and in bottles, and a few specialty drinks in addition to the full bar.  There were also a few musicians taking turns performing, and they were very nice to listen to.  Not sure if this a regular Monday occurance or not, but I enjoyed the music.  It wasn't too loud either...we still have conversations without shouting while the artists were performing.  Great pub!
3	Great place!! we will be back, order the Flat Iron steak over the prime rib! Next time I will have the Shepherd's Pie.
4	Great Jets bar during NFL season, really want to try their burgers.. Drool over seeing them, which they're $5 on Monday nights..Just really wish they would get their mobile menus and prices updated/synced with.their actual menus and prices - specials and prices listed on their mobile site are 2 different worlds altogether..
4	Update as of 12/29/12:Owner let me know the mobile menu/prices are getting updated soon, so that should help folks out.. Never know when you might get a spur of the moment to head out there, but don't know the menu by heart..Might have to head over for a $5 burger before flying out of state in a couple weeks.. =D
3	A friend had a Groupon for this place and asked if I'd like to go with.  I hadn't been here before and, always willing to try a new place, I said sure.I'm being a little generous with the stars as I don't think I'd return to Finnegans, but this isn't really my type of place. It's definitely more bar than restaurant and I suppose it's just fine for drinkin'.  The big turn-off was our choice of seats, straight line to the smoking patio so the stench of stale cigarettes wafted by every few minutes.  Not their fault but still not very pleasing.The food was decent, but again nothing I'd really run back for.  The fish and chips came with one gigantic piece of cod which was different and the mussels were also a little different-almost like mussel noodle soup.
4	LOVED the food!  We finished dinner as the live music was starting.  Next time we will come later to enjoy!  My husband had the all-you-can-eat fish.  It was very tasty and the fish was cooked perfect.  Nice big pieces of cod that were firm and NOT mushy.  I had the lamb shepherds pie.  It was FAB!  We also got a FREE order of Chicken wings to take home, just for doing a Yelp check-in.  We ate those later that night and they were GREAT!  Can't wait for our next visit!  Oh, and don't forget the on-tap Guinness...Yummmm!
4	We met some long lost friends here last night.  Fast and efficient service.  The only issue was that music was to start at 9:00pm...we left at 10:30 and the music still had not begun.  At least we were able to chat with our friends but we were a bit disappointed as the sound check sounded great.  The fish sliders were super!  Potatoes skins needed salt.  I'd certainly go back.
4	Relative to its location, this bar is a little gem. It's tough to find non-chain anything in Phoenix, let alone something with good food, but this place serves some sort of Irish bread (soda bread?), made in-house, with a very dense consistency and delicious flavor. There's an authentic-ish looking wooden bar area, live music (when I visited on a Monday night at least), bartenders were social enough, and they had some decent drink prices as well. Horribly weak first drink unfortunately, but not enough to keep me from coming back two nights later while I was still in town for work.Check it out!
4	Been here 2 times in the past 60 days, and I am here to tell you that there's a lot to like about Tim Fiinnegan's;1. Nicely decorated Irish-style pub/restaurant.  For the Metrocenter area, this is 5-star.2. Friendly, competent, smiling staff.3. Kid/family friendly (ok, during happy hour and early dining hours, admittedly)4. Very reasonable prices5. GREAT Happy Hour prices6. Solid, if not spectacular, food; very good portionsNeed I say more?  Go to Tim's, a good, honest restaurant providing value in an otherwise underwhelming neighborhood.
4	Foodies: get over there for the Monday night burger special and wash it down with $3 Carlsberg's every day. On second thought, keep your distance - I love this place and want to keep it for myself! If you're a fan of spectacular, fresh, authentic Irish fare, have a strong liver, and want a cozy, inviting place to relax, come buy me a beer. At $3, you can afford it!
5	I have stayed in Phoenix only six nights in my life, but all six of those nights I got wasted at Tim Finnegan's.  A+ would recommend.
4	I am a fan because this place is right around the corner from my place... sooooo that is fantastic.The food is alright, nothing excitingLots of good beer on tap, and some really awful beer on tap.Check it out!I like it. :)
5	I love this bar. Yes, I stole that from a Toby Keith song, but Tim Finnegan's is a great place for good food, good drink, and good times! The food is tastier than most bar food, at least to me. Their prices are amazing, and they pour a perfect Jameson and Diet. You gotta check this place out!
5	Loved it....especially the Bailey's Bread Pudding, a must have!
4	One of the only places in the Valley where an Irish breakfast can be had.Went to this homely establishment this afternoon (Saturday) for lunch with my father and it was pretty empty, not too surprising for the area and the time of day but quite frankly, that appealed to me.The waitress was very friendly and prompt in making sure to take our drink order.  Given the number of other patrons (maybe 5, two of which were sitting at the bar) it took a bit longer than I would have thought for her to come back, but as my dad and I were in no hurry and the game was on the TV.  She was very good about giving my dad information regarding menu items and portion sizes.I ordered the Irish breakfast with a Jameson and ginger and my dad ordered the dinner portion fish and chips.  The breakfast came with eggs, brown bread, beans, sausage, and grilled tomato.  Everything was amazing, generous portions and tasty.The fish and chips was a slab of cod and a heap of fries and cole slaw.  The fish was pretty good and the few fries I managed to steal were great.  My dad raved about it and he's pretty particular about fish.Great pour on the Jameson and Ginger from the bar.  I'm curious if there was any ginger in it at all... but I'm not one to complain :)We both were members of the clean plate club and very satisfied.  I'll definitely be back again soon!
4	Having never been o an Irish pub before, I was pleasantly surprised with the wide selection of food options that they had here. The place was dimly lit and gave it that dungeony type feel, which I have found out is a trait of pubs. The Guinness was poured as a proper one should be and they give you a free appetizer if you check in on Yelp. Would recommend this place to anyone looking for a place to grab a bite to eat or an after work drink. The location leaves something to be desired, but this is a hidden gem of a place. The wait staff were super nice and my particular server was a lovely tattooed brunette. I don't recall her name, but she did an excellent job serving me and my party while we were on vacation. The food came out quickly, hot, and freshly made. Next time I am in the Phoenix area, I will try an stop by here and enjoy a pint!
4	Great wings!!! When we walked in I thought I might have made a mistake because nobody was there. It turned out to be because we were so early (11:10am). Josh turned out to be a very good waiter. He made recommendations and was attentive and when he said he really likes the wings, he was right - really good. I also had the Shepard's pie that was well done, potatoes creamy and content not overcooked.Atmosphere was dark like every Irish place I have been in. Big bar fully stocked. And as it got to be lunch time the place filled up.Not cheap lunch but reasonably priced and they have regular specials.
4	I like this place.I came here a little while back on a Sunday afternoon to hang out with my brother.  There weren't too many people in there so it was nice and relaxing.  The bartender (who looked a little like Bradley Cooper) was friendly and attentive and gave us excellent service.We tried a couple of apps while we were there.  The garlic fries were pretty good but the corned beef taquitos were lacking.  They weren't what I expected and were kind of bland.Other than that, this place is a cool spot to chill at.  They have some pretty decent specials throughout the week.  Check them out!
5	Ever since I went to Tim F's I can't stop talking about this place, it's just so awesome!! I went before noon for the lunch special, unreal 3$ beer and 5$ lunch mon-thurs. best turkey sandwich ever!! I can't wait to go back!!
5	The only bar for Jets Fans in Arizona! They have the NFL Sunday Ticket, plus they're the official home for team USA Soccer. They always have amazing happy hour, specials, and great deals. The lamb skewers are so flavorful, and as I'm writing this review I'm eating their $9 Corned Beef & Cabbage dinner which is one of the best I've ever had! Traditional Irish Bar owned by a cool guy named Tommy. Definitely a regular here and i encourage checking it out sometime.
5	I stopped in for a pint (or more) and ended up ordering the wings...and devouring them. Absolutely delicious, and the blue cheese is made fresh in house. Jim, the genuine Irish bartender, provided excellent service and conversation. One of my favorite watering holes!!
1	Had a Reuben. Not a Reuben. Cole slaw instead of sauerkraut. Very little thousand island dressing. Marble bread, not a strong rye flavor. Corned beef was bland too. Very, very, bland. I'm from Omaha, NE., born and raised, where the Reuben was invented. I'm also Irish. This is more of what's called a Rachel Reuben, except it sticks with the slightly corned beef instead of pastrami or turkey. A Reuben should have a sour and tang, stink a bit. Disappointed. Why they ruined such a beautiful creation is beyond me.
5	Hubby and I are regulars here. Love going there for happy hour or on mondays for burger day and happy hour.They have the best Turkey burger I have ever had and if you are interested, you can substitute the fries for a side salad. They told me the turkey burgers are made super fresh in the house and you can definitely taste it.I have now tried almost all of their appetizers and they are all pretty good, too.The bartenders are all very nice and make you feel welcome and comfortable. Happy hour, great food and service, live music on weekend nights and close to my house=couldn't get any better.
5	Its my home away from home. Love the bartenders and all the other regulars. Last nights open bar/costume party was awesome!
3	Nice place to hang out with friends and have a few drinks but food isn't that good and the wait staff are indifferent.
5	Delicious food & Carlsberg on draft. My mouth is watering at the thought. Scrumptious! :)
1	Went with a group because it was close to hotel. The service was good to start it took at least an 45 minutes to get food. When food came it was cold. Looked good but frys were cold and sandwhich were all cold. Would not go back considering the place was not busy. Very disappointing.
5	Regardless if you DO or DO NOT like Irish food, I command you to eat here if you are in Phoenix. You will regret every minute should you disobey this order.
4	Great Pub atmosphere... $5 Burgers on Monday....Happy hour great deals and Owner present quite a bit-- Love the potato skins!!
4	To my knowledge, this is the only reason to step within 500 meters of Metro Center. It's got nightly specials on food and drink...and even if you're not going for happy hour, the $10 burgers are much better than I'd expect from a dimly-lit dive. It's better than you'll find in a lot of sit down restaurants! The beer selection is legit, with staples like Dogfish Head 60 minute IPA, Magners, and of course Guinness on tap. Makes me a happy camper. Only issues are that it never seems to get crazy, and that it's a (yuck) Jets bar.
5	THIS is how you make a hamburger.  Their burgers are such perfection that we have yet to order much else.  I love that you can substitute a salad for the fries (It's like $1 extra, but it's a nice salad with baby greens, roasted red peppers... a nice little, light compliment to a helluva burger).  The burger will make you cry.  It's perfect.  They've got the grill set at the perfect temperature so it has that nice flavorful crust that seals in the juice and flavor.  The bun is perfect... brioche, grilled.  The toppings are quality.  They just do it right.  Caramelized onions.  Roasted red peppers.  Garlic aioli.  Just good stuff.
4	Although the presentation was sorta big-city-ish, I made a happy plate out of the corned beef and cabbage. Damn good stuff.  The house brew was tasty too. Next time shepherds pie!
4	Need a divey Irish pub with good grub? Done! Don't let the four stars fool ya, this place isn't fancy or a gastro-pub catering to hipsters... This is a dark, loyal locals bar with everything you'd expect in an Irish pub... Friendly service, traditional dishes (and the American standards too) wooden bar, tables and chairs, trivia, live music and DAY DRINKERS. The only thing it has going against it is its location (Metro Center)... But after an 8oz portion of delicious Fish n Chips (all you can eat on Fridays) Jameson and a Guinness, you wont care about that anymore... See ya next Friday :)
3	Liked everything about this place, French fries are freshly cut and worth the trip
5	Great pub where the food is not at all an afterthought. On the first visit, we took advantage of the check-in deal and got the mussels with the shepherd's pie and fish and chips. All were outstanding. The bartender also offered some sauce that complemented the shepherd's pie which was a thoughtful gesture. The thing I loved about the pie was that it wasn't covered in cheese and that everything was well balanced. My husband got the fish and chips and gave me a bite but wasn't all that open to sharing, so I'll have to order my own next time. The second time we went we took advantage of the happy hour special and got a bunch of apps including the mussels again, crab cakes, wings, and cod sliders. I really enjoyed the cod sliders. The bread was light and crunchy, the cole slaw topping was fresh and the fish was perfectly battered. Such a great combo. The crab cakes were really fresh and the wasabi sauce was a nice compliment. The wings were good- as you'd expect for pub fare. The mussels again were yummy with the spicy broth perfect to dip the homemade bread in. We found out they'll sell the bread by the loaf, so I'll have to do that for a special occasion.
4	When I came across this place I was like hhmmnn Irish pub beer, food, and a brawl? 1st Impression Pretty plain looking from the outside, nice and clean they have a smokers patio as well. Before you step inside you can hear the live music playing. Step in and to my surprise its more of a family sit down restaurant that a drunken pub. Self seating the server came over right away and was quite pleasant.       The menu has a list of foods that from what I know to be "Irish" foods some that are not but have an "Irish" twist. Me and my date agree to 2 different appetizers, the Artichoke and spinach dip with pub made pita chips. The second was something that less traditional the Corned beef and cabbage "taquitos" The dip didn't stand a chance we destroyed it! The taquitos however were not at all what I expected. I was expecting the corned beef to be in a more "solid" state however it seemed more as if it was minced with the cabbage Strange texture and not very flavorful The green sauce was fairly tasty and my lovely date enjoyed the horseradish/ sour cream topping.       Moving on the the entrees I chose the Real lamb shepherds pie, and my date selected the Icelandic Cod. The Pie seems like a small portion until I began eating, the serving container is very deep and half way though my meal is was wondering how so much food could be hiding in there. It had a very familiar flavor that I still cant place my finger on. It was very fulfilling I enjoyed it and would order it again. My dates Cod looked and smelled amazing! She said the seasoned mashed potatoes were very tasty and so was the fish was really fresh and cooked just right, and could easily be a go to dish after trying out some more of the menu. To top of our dinning we gave the Irish bread pudding a try. It was a more solid bread pudding not all mushy, not over soaked. It does have some Baily's Irish cream liquor. in it the last bite I found a shot of it lol      Over we were both very pleased with our experience and look forward to going again soon to try some thing else. However the future with not include a re-up on the taquitos =P
5	This is a perfect Irish pub - spacious but cozy, lovely with a hint of divey, great selection of beers, great service, live music, and excellent fish and chips.  St. Patty's Day is coming up fast (and on that day, this place is mobbed - which might be fun!), so if you're feeling Irish, this is one of the few places in AZ that makes my little East Coast drinkin' heart feel at home!  Check out the live music on a Friday nights (there's a calendar with artists online).  The only possible downside is the location - but that makes it all the better, if you're in the area!
4	Very good food and saw a great selection of beers. Servers were attentive. Inside could use a bit of a facelift but all in all a very good place.Will come again
5	Awesome! Really! What a great surprise. Many years ago, we came here with friends. I remember it being good, but we just never made it back. The Metro Center mall, and the shopping area where this pub is located, has really gone downhill and there are a lot of empty storefronts. But the pub has remained, and after having another meal, I can see why.The food was so incredibly good! All of the entrees were beautifully presented. The seared cod was perfect - in fact, "the best cod I've ever had!!" was the comment. It came atop mashed potatoes which were described as "absolutely delicious" (and this from a mashed potato aficionado!) The shepherd's pie was traditional (lamb not ground beef!) and so tasty - yum, yum! The corned beef was cooked perfectly and very lean, served with tasty mash.We didn't get a starter because we knew one of the decadent sounding desserts was in our future. And the Bailey's bread pudding - ahhhh, melt in your mouth awesome. Our server was friendly, good sense of humor and checked back with us frequently to make sure we were happy.Awesome pub with food as good as any you'll find in a gourmet restaurant.
5	This is a great Irish Pub and the food is awesome. The service is exceptional. The owner makes sure that you are welcomed and is really awesome. I love this bar. Great drinks and food. The bathrooms are a couple steps above an out house, but I understand they getting a new building, so I will give them a pass.
3	Great Irish bar!  The beer selection includes a lot of Irish/Brittish staples (Guinness, Harp, Smithwick's) but domestics and microbrews as well.  Great, darker lit atmosphere.   The outside feels super sketchy, but it didn't necessarily seem unsafe to me.  More just run down.   Inside was clean and a fun place to hang out.  The appetizers were pretty good too.  The chicken tenders I got were big and freshly fried.  The garlic fries and spinach dip were good, too.
5	Great place, nice atmosphere.  Very much like many of the pubs I have been to in Ireland.  The burgers are delicious, and at $5 on Monday, can't be beat.  Staff is friendly and they do pour the perfect pint of Guinness.Another reviewer, Mary O. claims to have overheard the owner saying the anniversary raffle for the Ireland trip was rigged and gave the trip to his "best friend".  That is really interesting.  Since the winner is my husband, I was very surprised to learn he was best friends with owner.  So was my husband.  We live nearby and go to Finnegan's multiple times a week.  During the month prior to the drawing we filled out an entry slip every time we went in.  We did NOT buy a raffle ticket.  If Mary Ol bought a raffle ticket, it wasn't for the drawing for the trip.
2	The one positive is that our waiter was great and very attentive. When we went outside he would come find us and give refills or whatever we needed. My friend ordered rum and cokes and they were so weak she had to send it back...twice. I did not like the corned beef and cabbage. The corned beef looked processed to me. The live music was so loud we had to find a corner somewhere that would not blow my ear drums out. I was not impressed with this place.
5	I am sitting in Tim Finnegan's on a Saturday afternoon, having finished a tasty late lunch while waiting for my husband to finish playing golf. The decor of this place is classic local pub, and I've patronized many in the U.K. and other places in the world with which to compare it. The bartender was friendly, helping me choose from the menu a light meal that was delicious. I had the Chicken Wrap, and was able to substitute a cup of soup instead of fries. The IPA that was on tap, Dogfish Head, had just enough bitterness to keep this hop-head happy.
5	This is definitely one of my top 5 favorite spots in Phoenix. It has a dark, pub-style feel throughout; but very clean and cozy atmosphere. A majority of the time, you can seat yourself wherever you like. The staff is friendly, fast, and helpful without being overbearing or annoying.  I've visited 5+ times and never had a bad experience. During happy hour, appetizers are half price. You can easily get full for $10. The corned beef and cabbage dinner is excellent, as are the appetizers of crab cakes and garlic aoili fries. All in all, I thoroughly enjoy this place and highly recommend it!
4	Was here on a Thursday night and there was live music! Bonus since that's usually reserved for Friday-Sunday at most places. My favorite Irish pub was the Johnny Fox's Public House, but it has since closed. :( So I began looking for a similar spot, although in no way does Tim Finnegan's come close in interior presentation as well as food, they do have a nice specialty drink selection and the staff is just as nice. The place is quaint with indoor as well as outdoor seating. The staff was not very attentive but were very friendly. I ordered the Irish Mudslide which was a delicious specialty drink and the small Shepherd's Pie. The lighting was relatively dark which makes it prefect for a casual date or a nice chill night out with friends. I would recommend this place, just remember to be assertive when you need something from the staff.
4	Great craft beer selection..crabcakes are very yummy and loaded with crab...the wasabi aoli is a nice accompaniment. ..definately has that Irish Pub feel!!
5	Nice casual Irish pub with awesome food. Thursday nights they have this 2 man band that's I have seen at other spots in the Phoenix area and them alone is worth the trip here. The outside before u walk in looks a little sketchy but once u walk in the doors, you feel like ur in an Irish pub.
5	This review is from my previous visits- and going to another venue just to see JDV lit the fire under my ass to elaborate on my 'tip' from 4 months ago. After tearing Tommy a new one over the phone for allowing JDV to play in WestGate when he clearly does not belong there...lol, yeah, I tore him a new one...AS IF!!  I wrote a freaking dissertation describing the horrible experience I had Saturday night & added to it Sunday morning...pretty severe and I'm surprised it is still a 'recommended review'!!! (Figured it'd be deleted).Back to the task at hand. It's difficult to describe the TF's experience in regard to quality - BECAUSE my standards are ridiculously high- so what can you say when each time you visit, they exceed expectations. I'm dying to try the yummy food- but I go alone - so between worrying I'll overindulge and then the potential for needing a nap afterward....I live vicariously by checking out all the dishes & asking about them to customers(I am a self proclaimed pest. Yep.).All I can say is: check it out. Plus if you yelp check in you get a free appetizer too. What's to lose?? (Also, the dudes behind the bar are pretty swank...nice eye candy and really nice--at the tables I'm pretty sure it's all female wait staff, no biggie but makes me happy that there's always a place for me at the bar)!!
5	Great shepherd's pie, good service and authentic atmosphere. The fires are good, too. And do I have to say anything about the beer selection on tap? Happy girl!
5	This is our favorite hang out! Usually bar food isn't the greatest tasting but I would go here just for the food. It is amazing! Try the garlic fries, they are to die for! They usually have live music playing which makes for good entertainment.
4	OMG! Get the bread pudding!  Its AMAZING!!!!!  Also got the corned beef, wasn't the best I've ever had.  But the one man band is really good, reminiscent of Jack Johnson.  Our server Roxanne was really sweet too.
4	This was my first time eating here and I will definitely be a repeat customer! I ordered the turkey burger which is something I never get, it was good. Got the bread pudding for desert, it was good.Our server, Roxann was on top of it and provided great service!
5	Best Irish fare in Phoenix !The only REAL Shepherd's Pie in Phoenix made with lamb, not ground beef, which is the most savory pie I have ever had.  It has ruined me for all all others.  Throw in a pint of Magner's Cider and don't forget the bread pudding!The food alone is worth the trip here!
4	Great food, great atmosphere, great service.No better place in the area.
4	Wonderful little spot off the 17.. It seems family friendly--there was a mom & dad with a baby and toddler having dinner and the baby was sleeping but the toddler was dancing to the live music. Plus I heard the dad speak with an Irish brogue giving an air of authenticity of the "Irish' in the restaurants name.  My husband had the fish & chips and the fish was delicious but the  fries were soggy so that  saved calories for Guinness Chocolate cake& ice cream :). He also had a pint of Guinness (or two). Forgot how creamy and rich that stuff tasted.  I had the baked fish and it was wonderful but next time I'd ask them to hold the gravy. We're planning an after -work party here. We'll be back. LOVE the live music!!
5	Came here on a whim when we were being indecisive on a Sunday afternoon! It's laid back and really great atmosphere with wonderful service! Really good AUTHENTIC Irish food!!! The shepherd's pie is delicious and made with ground lamb! YUMMY! And the fish and chips are to die for (and on Fridays they are all you can eat for $15!) word to the wise, try the Left Coast Asylum!
3	Ive been here several times and the food is always great. I always get the Reuben because it really is incredibly delicious. The reason for giving only three stars is the service.  Every time I have eaten here the food, the check, and drink refills took a really long time and this even happened when there were only about five customers in there. The waitresses would rarely come to the table and were hard to flag down because we hardly even saw them waking around. The food is worth it though.
5	Great atmosphere. They have live bands on Mon, Thurs, Fri., and Sat. It's a very chilled and relax place. They have most of the popular Irish beers on tap. Nice place to go watch sports.
5	Had a great time today there. This is a great place to watch a Jets on Sunday. Tons of Jets fans great good also. Will be coming back.
5	I'm a Los Angeles native that comes out to Phoenix a lot to visit my sisters. This place is a must on every trip out here. Great bartenders, food and service.  There's not many places in the Metro Phoenix area to go to, but this is it. A must for anyone anywhere near Peoria and the 17 fwy.
5	I can't believe I haven't written a review about this place yet! I absolutely love this place and it totally is overlooked by a lot of people around the area. It's a in a run downed area by the metro mall, so it's not a surprise that people just by pass this place. Hell, I use to! But not anymore. I go there quite a few times now, or as much as I can. It's a great spot for some live music! Hanging out with friends! Beer! And food! It really is a great little hole in the wall bar. I love this Irish bar. And they're certified to pour the perfect Guinness!
5	Nga WHAT!!! This is a secret I don't want anyone to know about. But that wouldn't be nice. Taquitos are stupid good. I can't wait to go back. Reuben was really good too.
4	Overall its a great environment. The ambiance reminds you of a cabin atmosphere and the drinking hole is were all the entertainment happens. Bartenders are friendly and the menu is nothing to sleep on. If either looking for some cold beers or good food this is definitely a spot you come to on this side of phoenix. Evenings are a cult following of industry workers from the restaurants and bars around the area good music and great lighting.
4	Love the feel of this place. They do a nice job of not serving "pub grub". Artichoke dip was great but the Reuben taquitos could of been much better. My wife had the fish fry, which I thought was great. I had the authentic Shepard's pie and it was outstanding! Lots of Irish beers available.
5	When I'm in the mood for an Irish pub I go to Tim Finnegans. Guiness on tap, of course, my favorite Scottish ale, Kiltlifter, and amazing food make this a great place to stop with friends. Live music will fill the joint and a good game will bring a noisy crowd, or if you want a quiet evening drop in on a quiet Monday and enjoy a Dirty Kilt amongst the dark wood interior with the friendly staff. I like Finnegans and all its moods and I know you will too.
4	I have been craving fish and chips for the longest time!!!  I met up recently with an old friend of mine after the death of her sister, my best friend from high school.  We wanted to visit and toast her.  Tim Finnegan's fit the bill!I admire these guys for not abandoning an area that has seen better days.  They are on the southern side of Metrocenter, south of Castles and Coasters.We got settled in and began reminiscing about my friend.  The place was nearly empty at lunch time on a weekday but our waitress was really friendly and helpful.  We both ordered the fish and chips...;.OMG, they were heavenly!!The place is not very big but they do have an area for live music.  I will be going back and turning friends on to it.I will always support a place that is staying true to the community and met some really nice folks there.  I'm looking forward to seeing some live music there and having some corned beef and some more of those delectible fish and chips!!!
4	Love the garlic chips. Every time my bf and I have gone its been dead...which I like. Not too loud and only a couple of patrons. Dirty girl scout is the best drink. Will continue to go back. Check the website for deals and specials...otherwise its too pricey.
5	Our favorite place!  Who knew I liked corned beef and cabbage. None better anywhere! Fish and chips right up there! Can't go wrong no matter what you order!  Staff is fantastic! Don't forget to order a Guinness and always tip generously !
4	Solid 4 star Irish pub experience. Food is pretty good! I've been here several times. I've had a few of the burgers, shepherds pie, mussels, lamb skewers, and the wings. All of which were tasty choices, I was not disappointed. They have a nice selection of rotating craft beer taps. Guinness of course is done correctly, just a perfect creamy pour every time I've ordered it. The whiskey selection is decent too, and is modestly priced. I've never had any service problems. Live music is a great addition, and we have been to the trivia night on Tuesdays a few times as well, which is a lot of fun. We haven't been to trivia since it switched our from Geeks who Drink to whoever the new provider is, but the word is they are still doing trivia. Some of the entrees come with a side of soda bread that is just amazingly delicious. We were able to purchase a loaf of this bread a few times on our visits. Its worth asking if you try it and like it.
4	Irish pubs are really my favorite places to eat, drink, and be merry.  Last Friday we knew we were meeting Tim S. for dinner at Cibo, so why not leave the 'burbs and go try some other places I have bookmarked on Yelp and just make a day of it?  Tim Finnegan's was on the list and we had a great lunch.  We started with the mussels app which had some of the best broth I've ever had with mussels.  It was a little spicy, but not too much, and they put noodles in there which I've never seen before, but they soaked up the broth very nicely and made the meal more substantial.  I also really like the brown bread that came with it.  Mr. M ordered the lunch portion fish and chips and I ordered the Rasher burger.  You know the food is good when there is very little talking, just eating.  That's what we did for the next 20 minutes, passing bites of fish and burger across our plates to each other and sharing the fries and green beans.  All perfectly done all the way around.  The fish was nice and light with very tasty fries.  My burger was really exceptional and on par with the great burgers I've had at Fibber Magees and Skeptical Chymist.  Some of the best burgers I've had in this city were at places that don't market themselves as a burger joint.  With a pint of Kilkenny, Guinness, and sharing one of Harp, our total before tax and tip was $36.23.  They have a great Yelp check-in deal and you can get the appetizer for free if you purchase two entrees.    I loved the atmosphere with all the dark wood and small tables and booths.  Kristen took good care of us at the bar and we enjoyed her banter with some of the regular patrons.  I wish we lived closer to Tim Finnegan's, but now that we've given it a try, we'll be back for sure.
5	Excellent atmosphere and Irish decoration / furniture inside (and I am English - have been to Ireland many times), it reminds me of the TARDIS as it looks small and nothing special from the outside and seems MUCH bigger once you get inside. Love the overall atmosphere. The service is good, the menu varied and the food excellent.
4	My son and I just spent three days in Phoenix, AZ...and we made three visits to the Grand Lux Cafe, on Michigan Avenue.The menu is huge - there is something for everyone - and the quality is always top-notch. This place is packed, so timing means everything. Avoid peak hours (we visited Friday at 1pm, Sunday at 8pm and Monday at 1pm) in order to avoid a wait. Based on the times mentioned here, the longest we waited was 10 minutes. Waiting an additional 10 minutes one night got us a booth, looking down on Michigan Avenue. Well worth it!
