5	Joe and his assistant just finished detailing my 2005 Toyota Prius and you would not believe what a difference it has made.  The car looks like new.  Even my garage smells good now.  I was most interested in getting the carpets shampooed and the upholstery steam cleaned.  This is important stuff when you have a 4-year-old spilling juice, milk, M&Ms, and goldfish crackers in the backseat.  What I got was 5+ hours of labor from two people who washed, buffed, and shined my car into sparkling elegance.  It is really phenomenal what they did.  Joe was as nice as can be and a pleasure to do business with.  I will definitely be calling him again.
5	They did a great job! They cleaned in places I wouldnt even think of...my car looks better than when I bought it.
5	I think this is the third time I've had my car detailed by Joe and his son.  They do an impeccable job.  I really should do this every six months, but time gets away from me and one day I realize I'm driving a crusty heap.  Each time they transform my car so that it looks like new.  Really!  I picked my mom up at the airport and she thought my 2005 Toyota Prius was a new car.  When I told her my secret, she said I should get Joe and his son to detail my house.Joe was kind enough to take a look at a white leather lounge chair I have to see if there was something we could do about the damage to the leather.  I have to hand it to him for trying and he didn't charge me for that extra.  He's a nice guy and wants to do right by his customers.I can't explain the one bad review left by some other Yelper other than, wow, haters gonna hate.  Joe does have extensive knowledge and experience and there is no way I could have done this job myself.  My car looks and smells great!
5	My 2002 Lexus SUV was a MESS!   Joe and John turned it into a showpiece!   They are ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!   Interior/exterior/even the engine  EVERYTHING looks gorgeous!    I've never tried "mobile detailing and it's the best!    SOOO worth the price, which in my opinion is very low.   They both worked hard for hours and hours.   HIGHLY recommend.   2 photos attached.
5	Joe's mobile detail was amazing. The eye for detail and the pride they take in making our car look brand new. The silver miata pictures are our car. The car had been in the dust, rain, travel from NC to Vegas. It was a mess. Afterwards the car looked better than the day we bought it. John showed up at 7 am as he said he would. He spent hours on the car. By 3:30 in the afternoon he was ready to show us our car. It was BEAUTIFUL!! Including the trunk and engine as well same inside and outside we're immaculate! Now it is Vegas and John did not let the heat effect his work. He was attentive and worked on the car he entire time. This was our first time using Joe's. After seeing what they can do we have now booked our other two cars a S80 Volvo and an S-type Jaguar for is weekend. Joe's truly makes your car a show stopper. Even our neighbors have stopped by to compliment the car and to find out who detailed it. If you want a honest, reliable, professional, and a company who stands by their work. You can't go wrong with Joe and John!!!
5	Here is another 5 star review for Joe's Mobile Detailing! Jonathan came out to our house and did a complete detail of our black 2013 Cadillac XTS Platinum. He did a fantastic job on our Caddy! We are so pleased with Jonathan's work that we have scheduled him to come out again this week to do our 2010 white Buick LaCrosse. You cannot go wrong with Joe's Mobile Detailing!
5	Jonathan came out today and  completely detsiled our 2010 Buick LaCrosse. Jonathan is a perfectionist! I'm selling the car to my brother, and he was blown away by Jonathan's work. You don't need to think twice about using Joe's Mobile Detailing -- they will completely exceed your expectations!
5	I met Jonathan through my brother.  Jonathon did an outstanding job on my car.  Vastly exceeded my expectations.  In fact, it's been over a week and I can't find a place that Jonathon missed detailing!  My car is several years old and while it has always been garaged, it still did not have the shine it once had.  Jonathon did great work on detailing the engine, exterior and interior.  And the rims are as clean as when they were new!  Great Job Jonathon!  I'll be back!
5	I have used Joe's Mobile Detailing multiple times in the past, and am going to schedule again. The work is meticulous. The car's exterior is as smooth as glass, and just as shiny. The interior is like new. He cleaned off years of grime and scuff marks. A special plus because he didn't just spot treat the scuff marks, as that area newly cleaned wouldn't match the rest of the interior. They literally cleaned every interior surface, and on a minivan with the rear seats folded down, there is a lot of area to clean.  Wheel wells, wheels, black plastic trim, glass, tires, all like new. They even clean the inside surfaces of the window mouldings. Carpets were vacuumed and shampooed. They hand rubbed the exterior with clay bars to get all the surface contamination off the  paint. This is hard work, I know because I've done it my self many years ago. Make it a minivan, and there is a lot more exterior to work on.Under the hood was so clean, even the service adviser at the dealership commented on how new it looked. Cup holders, carpeting, floor mats, dash vents, you name it, he cleaned it. Prices are what I would expect considering the level of detail, and the quality of work. My minivan came in at $225.00 and was worth every penny.  The crew works efficiently, and carefully. No time wasting. They spent about 6 hours working on my van. YES. I highly recommend them. They will take your car, and give it back to you better than it was when the dealer handed you the keys. It's that good.
1	This guy is an idiot I wanted a full interior detail because I was going on a trip. I did not need an outside car was it was going to get full of bugs the same day. Regardless he flat out refused to do the work for 150 dollars which I was fine with I can leave the house because I have a baby and I was more than happy to pay that rate. He said that he needed to make more money than that.I will never call this guy for the company or personal vehicles.
5	Just had the guys do my car again, and still just as impressed as I was the first time! They are so detailed. You really cant beat their quality and prices.
