4	A great alternative if you want a Scandinavian Spa without having to drive too far out of Montreal (Literally 10 minutes from downtown Montreal). The architecture mixes modern (concrete square buildings) with traditional (wood accents). The spa is smaller than all the other Scandinavian spas, which makes it more intimate.Many different kinds of baths (hot and cold), saunas and steam rooms to alternate with. The massage therapist (forgot his name) was very professional and courteous. Above average massage.Overall a very enjoyable experience. My only disappointment is that I wanted to jump in the snow and roll around. However when we went, there was not much snow due to the pretty mild winter that we had. :PWill definitely be back!
4	Got taken here as a surprise last weekend.The staff are very friendly and the massage I had by Patrice was fantastic!The weather was great when we went so you had to be quick to snap up a sun bed that was for sure!Loved going in the hot tub and then plunging into the cold pool...wow refreshing, the eucalyptus steam room was great as well but you really need to cool down after that one!Would totally go again, when you are there it's like you are miles away from anything.Only bad thing is they give you bottled water and you think it's for free so we kept going back for more, then you find out at the end it's $2 a bottle!You live and learn I guess!
3	We chose the Strom Spa for a nice end to a busy girls' shopping day!  Unfortunately, we arrived a bit later than expected due to the fact that exit to Ile des Soeurs was closed and we had to turn around on the bridge which was extremely busy at that time. We arrived about an hour before the 10pm closing time.  We wanted to take advantage of the after 6pm price of $29 as advertised on their website but was told that the prices had just gone up to $34 that week.  Disappointing.  I thought they should have still honoured the $29 price.  Flip flops and bath robes ($10) are available for rental but we brought our own flip flops.  Lockers with a key and 2 towels are provided at no extra cost.  Bring your own bottle water but there is a small dispenser near the change rooms with cucumber and mint infused water.We enjoyed the hot tubs and the refreshing cold pools.  Sauna and steam rooms were also nice.  We had to skip the resting areas as we were pressed for time but they looked very relaxing as well.Loved the modern decor of the spa.  Definitely a nice getaway for couples as well. Don't expect to be able to talk too loudly with your companions as you wil be shooshed by staff who are trying to maintain the quiet and serene enviroment.Wished we would have had more time to enjoy the spa so would love to come back again in the future.  Drove around a few of the neighbourhoods in the Ile du Soeurs area to gawk at the mansions on our way home.
4	This was very relaxing, though I would have preferred to go while the sun was still out.  With all the steam rising, it was a little foggy to navigate at night.The massage was pretty good, if you like gentle relaxing massages (not the kind that actually undo knots - which can be painful)The light meal was pretty good...not gourmet, but pretty tasty.Overall the experience left me feeling very zen.  The only complaint I have is the state of the bathrooms.  There was a lot of hair, and the toilets could have used some cleaning.  Also, someone knocked my robe on the floor at some point, hence it got wet, and they wouldn't exchange it for me, hence I had to walk around in a very cold wet robe.
4	Another spa day with friends for my birthday this year. We chose Strom after showing at another one and not knowing it was going to be closed. But I had heard great things about it so why not. We tried it on a Tuesday night, so not the most busy time for spas. Yet, it was kind of busy. Very nice modern spa, clean and nice staff. You can whisper with your friends, and they have more than just one hot tub and all that jazz. Only thing is we arrived late at night, it was our first time and no one showed us the premises. So we had t try to figure it out and the place, though lit, was quite dark.Overall, I would still suggest it to friends and would be curious to go see it in daytime and discover its surrounding.---
2	Wow love the place and everything is very clean and new!Great place to come and relax worth a try!Cheers,Eric Van NguyenVisited April 2012
5	Wow what a beautiful spa. Its tucked away at nuns island away from the citys hustle and bustles. The spa was very relaxing and spacey to cater to a lot of people without feeling crowded. The spa is big with 2 saunas, 2 hot and 2 cold baths, a steam room and has various relaxing rooms around. The best part is that this spa has a great lake view where you can sit by and listen to the birds chipping under the sky while enjoying the green scenery. Also their outside massage booths are located right on the lake edge. Its great in the summer where you can listen to nature look up the sky and just let all stress go. Also the relaxing blue swings was a good touch, in good places where you can really just swing off and chill. Plus its good enough for two people if you want to snuggle.The bistro was fantastic. They do serve alcohol, but restricted to 2-3 glasses maximum. With some great bruchetta , cheese, and wine it finishes nicely for couples or even yummy wraps and smoothies for bigger groups. They have a fireplace that looks great in the night and this spa also holds some great promotions throughout the year. Also the spa was clean, and the staff hospitality was good. However I wish they will add in some nice cozy bean bags here and there to make the place even more cozier. Until next visit.
3	I have been I several bath houses or saunas as they are called here in Canada. Strom is a bit different from what I am used to.  First off, there's no clothing-optional area- big disappointment. Nothing is more relaxing than taking a sauna or steam sans bathing suit. Secondly, they are VERY insistent that it is as quiet as possible in every area imaginable. On the plus side, the facility is very nice and extremely clean. The husband and I sprung for a 60min massage, which was excellent. The natural setting is very enjoyable if it isn't too hot out.
4	Having been planning our wedding for a few months now, it's not surprising that we've been really tense recently...So, I figured that a gift of the well-known Strom spa day would be the ideal way to spend our Sunday. I have to say, that I was concerned about the outdoor thermal pools due to the freezing weather we've been having, but man was I pleasantly mistaken!Upon arriving, we were warmly greeted and given instructions on where to change, where to go for our massages, and how to use the thermal bath experience. My first impression of the facility was that it was very well maintained, super clean, and quite modern (which I'm a huge fan of). The women's change room was superb. I had read several reviews complaining about how small it was, but this couldn't be further from the truth! The rooms are perfectly sized for the facility, and even though it was busy when we were there, the change room was not packed in the least. Again, mirroring the rest of the facility, it was clean, modern, and quite new in appearance. I appreciated the great smelling shampoo/conditioner/body wash, and all the little extras (hair dryer, etc) available. I just wish that there was a swimsuit spinner thing, and a place to leave the towels in the change room instead of having to drag everything back up to the reception.Upon entering the massage waiting room, we were greeted by our two masseuses, a little dryly. It was nothing close to the regular warm welcome one would expect at a spa, and was quite robotic. So, that got us off to a weird start. Fiance even said that he felt a little off.. (actually, words were "Now I'm scared" haha). I wish they were a bit friendlier to set a good atmosphere up for us. Nonetheless, the massages were quite good and relaxing, and the cup of hot tisane at the end was a nice treat. By the time we were done, it had started raining, but that didn't stop us from jumping into the 38 degree bath which was phenomenal in the open air. After about 15 minutes, we took a quick (and I mean super quick) dip in the 5 degree pool as is recommended. We then went into one of the dry saunas for a bit, and went to grad lunch at the bistro. The spinach dip with veggies was yummy, and fiance's cubano sandwich and salad were great. We repeated the thermal cycle once more, and then sat underneath some great heaters in our fluffy robes and vegged out. Needless to say, it was a great experience, and we were very very very reluctant to leave and face life again.Only reason for the 4 stars is the way we were spoken to by our massage therapists. If only they were friendly and capable of smiling, this review would have gotten 5 stars!We will definitely return though! Try it out - I don't think you'll be disappointed!
3	To me, Strom is a very average spa experience. They have all the stuff you'd expect at a spa, but it's all very basic and it seems that whoever put it together didn't really think it through. I spent my day comparing Strom to another spa around Montreal and was underwhelmed. At the beginning of the day it seemed like the hot pools weren't hot enough and the cold pools weren't cold enough. Extreme temperature changes are key to the experience, aren't they? The pools are too far from each other which takes away from the intimacy of the spa experience, and lets the outdoor temperature have a greater effect than it should. It was 16 degrees when I went and we were rather cold outside, while my coldest experience at the other spa was 5 degrees and we were very comfortable outside. On the whole, it's a spa, so "disappointed" doesn't mean "bad" - it's still a spa, but for the money, I expected more. I won't be returning so quickly.
3	I'm sad to say that I had to log on to Yelp today to specifically take a star away from Strom Spa....I went back there today with some of my girlfriends and was really appalled by how I was treated with one of the girls at the front desk.I had chosen to get a massage/thermal bath today, and so after my massage, I headed over to the baths. Unluckily for me, my bathrobe happened to fall into a puddle of freezing water and so I made my way to the reception asking if it could be replaced. I was informed (verrrrrryy rudely) that "we absolutely do not replace bathrobes here".Ummm...okay? I guess the $200+ cost of coming to this spa entitles me to one robe, regardless of the situation. Wonderful.I went back downstairs and wrapped myself up in a towel instead, and sat down to enjoy lunch with my girls. We finished, and started heading out to the reception to pay.Lucky for me, I had to settle my bill with the lady who wouldn't switch my bathrobe, but it didn't matter. Until she opened her mouth that is.This was the exact conversation (no word of a lie):me: Hi, I'd like to pay pleaseher: *something really fast in French that I didn't catch*me: Sorry?her: *repeating whatever she said*me: I'm sorry...my French isn't very good. I didn't get that..her: *saying it again in French, slower, with about 34 million tons of attitude*me: Can you please translate whatever you're saying into English?her: ARE YOU JUST PAYING FOR THE BATHS?!?....It took me so much energy not to flip out on her then and there. Not only was she rude, but so unbelievably condescending then and throughout the rest of our interaction. I really loveD this spa, but really, if I'm going to shell out this kind of money, then the least I can expect is good service, no? Also, not impressed with the fact that I left really angry. What was the point of all that relaxation if I'm just going to be pissed off upon leaving?Strom, please give your employees training on how to deal with people. :/ So unimpressed.......
3	Went for a Thursday night relaxation with a girlfriend. We had a massage each and access to the baths.We both agreed that the massage was a fantastic experience and probably one of the best we ever had. therapists are respectful and very nice.However, the baths experience was not so great. First, it's very noisy. Everyone is talking pretty much in full voice. I don't mind a little conversation here and there, especially if whispered, but this make me feel like I was in the middle of a shopping mall, not a spa.Second, the baths are somewhat limited, nothing extraordinary out of this world.Then it was time to leave as they were closing at 10 pm, which is disappointing, as they should be open later - there were lots of people who did not want to leave, so the demand is there! So considering we got there at 7pm right after work, the time to wait in line to be greeted and given the bathrobes and lockers, the time to take a quick shower and change, it was already 7.45. The massage was scheduled for 8.30, which left us about 25 min in the baths as they request that you be at the massage area 10 min before. one of massage therapists was late. so we were done by 9.45, at which point we were informed that the baths were closed and we should be heading to the lockers.The locker space is very tiny! it gets crowded so quickly! people waiting in line to get to their locker, in line for the washroom, in line for the showers... Waaaaay not enough showers to accommodate a spa of their size. So we decided not to wait and left without a shower (which has NEVER happened to me in a spa before). Them, wait in line to pay and leave.Finally, I have an issue with the bath access fee. It should be free, or at least reduced for those having a massage. Not a good value for money. Walked out of there with $260 bill and really the only positive experience being the massage.Next time I would rather drive a little more and get to Polar Bear, which IMHO is waaaay better.if I would ever return there it would be for a massage.And even then, standing in an endless lineup after an awesome massage is not something I am looking for.
4	The Strom Spa is not the largest spa in the Montreal area, but I love the location, I really enjoy the various events they do on Thursday nights such as the Cozy Thursday, or the All night event where you are free to talk without any worries (especially good for my ladies friends who always like to bend the rule!! :-)The bar and food are also very enjoyable!
