5	Fantastic customer service, particularly by Leslie.As I work in the mall, it's nice that I can pop over to the store on a break if I need a new phone or am having any technical issues. They are fast & extremely helpful.Highly recommended!
5	justin marrujo likes his job and it shows. He was so helpful in explaining everything and getting me all set up with a new phone.
4	Wanted to specifically do a shout out to a particular person. This store has always been convenient for us to get to, and we've never had to wait long. Finally took the plunge to get a grown-up's phone, and Jon G. was exceptional service. Anyone that can put up with my and my boyfriend's personalitys for that amount of time deserves an award. He was very clear, concise, and informative.
1	I have to say, in the 9 years or so that I have continued, for some reason, to use Verizon as my wireless phone company, that their overall report card would be about a C- or D. I can't count the number of dropped calls, missed calls (many of them important personal and business calls), and now bait and switch tactics that I find to be the nail in the coffin for me continuing to employ Verizon at all. I was promised a "free upgrade" to the iPhone 4S back in Jan. 2011, effective Sept. 2012, a fact which was made clear by Verizon reps, and embedded in clear language on the My Verizon part of my online account. Now, as I go to verify the details of that "free upgrade", I am told in no uncertain terms by a rep that "No, we've never offered that, you'll have to pay for that phone and the upgrade fee of $30". Case in point, Verizon are a bunch of racketeering charlatans who deserve a massive class action lawsuit due to their shoddy phone service, poor customer service, empty bait-and-switch promises (lies), litany of missed and dropped calls, and more. I hate that I pay $97 per month to hope and wonder if I will get that important business call tomorrow instead of today, or that the call will suddenly be dropped in the middle of important conversations. I am not singling out this particular location, btw, but the company at large.
1	Isn't it just typical of Verizon to have sent me this reply to this review last week, only to not reply to me like they said they would. And since customer service is one of major nits with these people, for me, the ball is in their court, which they have failed to return:"I am very concerned about your experience with our company Chris! I apologize for the inconvenience you had with your upgrade as well as the service! Allow me the opportunity to restore your confidence in Verizon Wireless. You deserve the best customer service and I am here to give that to you! I would like to address your concerns with the dropped calls and provide you information about your upgrade. Please reply back with your full name and mobile number. I will contact you to better assist!"I gave them my name and number last week, and have not heard back from them. And, I'm not going to go chasing a lame duck. And, now that I read that Verizon donates millions of our dollars to political special interests (which don't have OUR best interests at heart), it just keeps nailing the coffin shut for me. Yes, other big name mobile communications companies use their huge profits for political influence, but almost everything about the way Verizon does business, and fails in its service approach puts them at the bottom of the list behind AT&T , T-Mobile, etc. These companies are dominating our lives because they know, or figure upon the fact that we can't do without our mobile devices. But, what if we all took that power back, and formed a union, and jumped ship en masse? We would bring them to their knees. Who's with me?And hey, Verizon, how about no more mandatory software "upgrades" that actually slow my phone down and mess it up, with lost settings, that simply pisses me off! And, when will my phone ring when the ringer is turned on? Should I ask for a rebate check for the myriad of lost and deferred calls--some which have cost me a potential client? And, are you going to make good on your promise of a free upgrade to iPhone4S, or was that all golden carrot-dangling mularkey?Update: 8/19 -The customer service rep who responded below, just like the last person, asked for my info to get right back to me with, and of course, never did. Or, maybe she tried, and the phone never rang, being Verizon. I think I am going to sue Verizon for all my money back + damages. $97 x 20 months = $1,940. Anyone want to start a class action suit with me?
4	This review is for the Verizon Wireless store in Fashion Square:I needed a few Apple cables which I failed to pack on my most recent trip to Scottsdale. This store has excellent service and I absolutely would go back!Way, way better than Santa's Verizon Store on Wilshire!
5	Just in case anyone else had been looking for them they moved!!! I went into the mall the other day to look for a new phone and they moved, but they only moved just outside the mall on Camelback next to Wildfish and just outside of Nordstroms, Glad I found it!
