2	My car was making a funny noise and was due for an oil change. I'd received a flier for Fletchers and it was nearby so I decided to check them out. They gave me the oil change for free when I found out that I'd need to change a leaky power steering fluid hose and all the belts since they'd been damaged by the fluid. It was quite pricey. But I understood it needed to be done. What I really didn't like was that when I went in for the oil change I was told I'd be called when my car was ready. I wasn't. When I showed up it was finished but it still took an hour of waiting around to get my car. Then when I brought it in a few days later for the repair again I was told I would be called once the other hose was checked for damage. I wasn't. I was told I'd be called when it was ready. Again I wasn't. When I showed up at least three of the workers looked at me and ignored me before I was taken care of. It's the Holiday Season and I have limited days off. I would have liked the courtesy of being told my car was finished. I probably won't be going back.
1	Bought one of those '20 oil changes for $X' cards.  The first time I tried to use it I dropped off my car in the morning.  Got a call from them in the afternoon telling me how I needed tons of additional work, new tires, etc.  Said they got me a 'sweet' price of just over $700.  Right.Also really pushed their variety of flushes.  I'll let you make your own conclusions on that.  I'll use the rest of my 'free' oil changes but that's it.
1	Super rude. Took my mom's car in and they stole her phone charger. Also pushed a variety of flushes needed and never called us when the car was ready.
5	Went there for a few different things.  They missed the oil change but told me i could come in after they had already closed. Completed everything at no additional charge. Thank you!!
2	I have gone here about 5 times for service. I hate taking my car in, it scares the **** out of me. At 132 K miles, my car is old and I hate hearing that she is old. I know, it sucks. But they do an OK job here. I'll explain some of the good and bad...~The Good~They have a ton of Groupon specials all the time, usually involving semi-synthetic oil-change deals, which I like. I have purchased numerous times their deals, usually for $25. Normally this gets me an SS oil change, new air/oil filter, tire rotation and inspection. They tell me a couple things that could be used or fixed and warn me about what could happen and so on. They aren't too pushy, which is nice. They get the job done and get me on with my life. Efficient and cheap with the deals, I keep going primarily for that.~The Bad~The price quotes for their services are higher than other joints. I am not paying $200 to get hoses put in and changed. They aren't pushy, but they sure do make sure to remind me and upsell me on anything they can. They did not check the fluid levels by their clarity or quality....no no...they checked by mileage. Seriously? I went to Avis lube and they checked my levels, and if they are good and clear, they top it off. No topping off here. I get it, you are performing a ton of extra services on top of a oil change for a lower rate...but have the decency to check my levels before telling me I MUST GET a transmission flush. I don't. I just got one a year ago. We are good to go.~The Downlow~Offering a full set of maintenance options is nice. Offering numerous name-brand specials on tires, cool beans. Trying to upsell me continuously without checking your figures, no bueno!! I am not a dollar figure! I have an older car, will get my needed maintenance, and simply need to know what does and doesn't need to get done. I give them 2 stars for good theri continuous good deals on synthetic blend oil changes. Besides that, I hate coming here,  with them trying to push more things on me. I suggest going to another local place for oil changes (look in my reviews for them), and for regular maintenance, there are tons of better spots. When in a pinch, these guys can help....but I suggest going elsehwere.
1	I've bend here a couple times bc we got a Groupon for oil changes. If it wasn't for the coupon, I'd never go here. I'm always waiting to be helped with no acknowledgement even when workers walk in and see me and others waiting. I came once with an appointment and once without to get an oil change and I don't think having an appointment helps at all. This time it's taken over 2 hours and I can't get anyone to stop so I can ask how much longer it will take. And I made an appointment. The first time I called to make an appointment, they actually hung up on me instead of answering. I had to call back to get ahold of someone. When I went to pay, I asked if I needed to pay for the synthetic oil upgrade and he told me not to worry about it. Which was very nice since it took so long, but the way he said it makes me think they didn't actually use synthetic oil... And it doesn't say synthetic oil on my receipt. I won't be going here again if I don't have to.
4	I needed a brake job. Wheel bearing, brake drums and pads. Jeff was very accommodating and pleasant. I got the groupon deal and used a coupon. Half the price of brake masters. The corolla has a smooth ride-day one. They need front desk help!!! I will return. Good job, good service.
4	I always come here for an oil change, the staff is very friendly and the waiting area is big with a TV. They even have wifi so I can bring my laptop and work while my car is getting serviced :)
4	I had all 4 brakes and oil change done here a few days ago and they did a great job for me, Also my air filter was old and called me to let me know so I had them to replace it and it was cheaper than picking one up and installing myself. The manager Pete was good at following up with me and letting me know the progress with my vehicle.  I would recommend and go there again, just be prepared to leave for the day and you will have no worries.
5	I brought my car in for 60k mile service last week and had quite a bit of work done. The Owner and Brian personally went over everything with me. I felt valued since they showed me everything that was wrong instead of just telling me and not really giving me a choice to see it for myself. I did spend a lot of money there, but my car ran great and felt great. My review would have stopped there but, something else happened...My battery went dead in my car a few days later. I don't know if I left something on or not, but it was on its last leg. I thought "man this really sucks, i just spent a ton of money on this car." I reluctantly took the car in since i already knew it was the battery. I almost just went to wal-mart to get a battery but i didn't. I spoke with Brian again and he said they would take a look at it. The owner came out 2 minutes later and said "we are going to throw a new one in there for you." I had asked how much and he said no charge. Who does that? This is awesome service they really do care about you. Thank you guys so much! I know it was not much of a cost for you, but I really appreciate it, because it was a rough week for me. Something so small that helps someone out so much, I will be referring people to you!
