3	The Asylum was OK, not really scary at all and not worth it.The Crypt was a lot better and more freaky and it seemed longer. I got a few scares out of it, but nothing that would haunt me. It's just like you get scared and laugh it off right away. It's fun.Saved some money by getting it from LivingSocial.The line when we got there on a Wednesday when they opened at 7pm was really long and they only had one cashier. A really inefficient process even when needed to only pick up the tickets. Waited in line for 10-15minutes.By comments of my other friends, they said it's not nearly as scary as Fear Farm.
5	very cool haunt! we had such a great time very cool haunt! we had such a great time, We paid an extra 7 bucks for the speed pass, and it was worth it. There was no wait at all with the speed pass. They have three haunts. The first one was called "chaos maze" that was ok, gets you ready for the main houses. Then we headed to "The Crypt" there was a pretty long line, but we had a speed pass, so we went right in. They did a really good job here, it was really scary, I won't give it all away. We then went through "The Asylum" it was great. I recommend this to everyone.
4	The Crypt is a great haunted house, even if it is in the parking lot of a mall. There are 2 houses and a maze. The maze is not all that great in my opinion. But both the Crypt and the Asylum are fun to go through. Like all haunted houses your experience can vary depending on when you go through the line - timing is everything. But we've been a couple times now (this year and last) and got a few good screams in both so we were happy.It's good halloween fun and nothing too scary for older kids.
5	I went to the crypt on Saturday with my dad and my cousin.  We went to all three haunts. The first one was the crypt.  It was really fun and really scary!  My cousin was sobbing by the end and refused to go into the other two. The next one we went to was the asylum. It was not all that fun and just plain out freaky and weird.  The next one was the chaos maze. It was ok and not scary at all!  Overall I enjoyed this attraction if you haven't gone you should check it out.
2	I would honestly give 2 1/2 stars if possible and here is why.1.Parking is crazy. Once you park you have to back out of the lane because there is only one way to go.2. List 3 haunted houses but honestly 2 1/2 and that is stretching it. The Maze part (Chaos)  at the end is not worth the wait- and you have to wait in line even if you have a fast pass which we had. The props in the first and best attraction was  "The crypt" and worth a visit. I would have them expand that haunted house and ditch the other two.If you want to try it go with the Fast pass.
3	Before I went to the Crypt, I did a bit of research and learned that it is one of the longest running haunted houses in the valley. It definitely has a following of fans so I was really excited to go. When I first walked into the midway, I was shocked with all the detail on all the houses from the outside , especially the crypt. It looked very well done. I went to the chaos maze first because the line was short. Boy was I glad I went to this one first because if it had been last, this would be a 1 star review. The maze was boring, short, and not scary at all. After the chaos maze, I had my doubts about the rest of the haunted houses.I went to the crypt next, while waiting in line I remained optimistic about it, the entrance of the haunted house helped. Going through it, I was surprised, and not in a good way. The production took a huge drop, some sets suffered an identity crisis. They had nothing to do with crypts. It almost felt like I was in a haunted house at a fair. The actors were not committed at all and failed to scare our group. After that after some reluctance, we waited in line for the asylum. Now this time I was surprised but in a good way. The production was slightly better than the crypt and it actually stayed with the story, although there were clowns, which did not make any sense. The make up was well done. But the ending to the haunt was very weak. Altogether,  if you're a little kid, you're gonna like this haunt. Simple as that. I was very disappointed with production in this haunt, especially with their praise on being the longest running haunted house. And especially for the price.Things they need work on:Get rid of ChaosThe crypt needs a makeoverBetter production Better actors in the cryptThings that are great:The asylum
4	This was way too expensive. ....however,  the haunted houses were awesome!  They scared the crap out of my wife and kids. They really put a lot of effort into this production.  I just dont like paying close to $100 for my family of four. The extra charge per ticket for using a credit card was STUPID! So, it was a great expensive haunted house with a stupid extra charge. On the positive side...the expensive cost kept the tweekers and gangster jerks out. It was good for families.
4	For a haunted house located in the parking lot of a mall it was quite awesome. Last minute decision decided to go check it out with my mom. Reading the reviews looked like the Crypt was the only decent house but for $8 more we decided to get a ticket for all three. Went to the Asylum first. The female "patient" @ the door never once broke character. Semi annoying but def my favorite. Have to say the Asylum for me was the best. A lot longer than it looked or expected. The maze one was ok. Got a lil lost in the tarps. And the last one we walked thru the crypt was freaky bc it was pitch black in most areas and couldn't see a thing. But the Asylum was awesome filled with trap doors and dead ends. Felt like we were going in circles then found ourself in a whole new room. They did a great job with these. I def recommend checking it out at least once.
