3	I just got back from Ross -- the one at 43rd Ave and Peoria. It's one I hadn't visited before, because it looks so dumpy. But I really needed a bag to tote to interviews and some work clothes in a hurry, and this one is the closest to my house. I was so pleased!It isn't one of their biggest stores, but they had great stuff! I scored some nice J Crew shorts for $5, a really cute dress (5 bucks!), a pair of Dockers dress pants (10 bucks!), a Maidenform bra (10 bucks!), a no-name blouse for 5 bucks, and oh yeah, a big-ass Nine West tote for $23.They had a huge selection of actual brand name stuff, dirt cheap. I barely managed to NOT get some slutty Steve Maddens for $12 and a Calvin Klein skirt for $10. And though the fitting room were run-down and their walls utterly carved up with graffiti, they DIDN'T smell like pee!
3	Agreed with Korina, there was a time where I didn't go to this Ross because it's in a yucky little plaza, but one time I was in desperate need of some shoes and gave it a shot. They have great deals, and it's hardly ever super busy. I tend to get some of my best finds at this Ross. Everyone that works there is really nice, the store is always clean, and unlike a lot of the other Ross stores, the racks are always jam packed with goodies. :)
1	Dear Ross Corporate, In regards to the management at your store located at:10625 N 43rd AvePhoenix, AZ 85029I arrived at opening (9:30) and shopped around for 50 minutes. I had a mesh umbrella stroller, a diaper bag that is only large enough to fit a diaper and two bottles, and my small purse that only fits my sunglasses and wallet.When I had finally made it over to the ladies wallets I could hear the entire conversation between the manager, who was hidden from view, and Loss Prevention. They were discussing reviews that had just taken place. As the conversation changed she said to him, "Did you see that lady with the baby? I think she stole something."There was 4 other shoppers in the store, I being the only one with a baby.This is unacceptable behavior for management of a department store. Please address Customer Service skills with this store. I do not plan on returning, but would not want anyone else to suffer such remarks from an uncouth manager.
