2	while i have only walked through here once, i have donated several times to this location already. we just moved to charlotte (2 months ago), and we are starting afresh after grad school--so that means lots of reorganizing and decluttering. however, that does not mean that i don't like looking for deals. i was hoping to see a bigger furnitire/housewares section than i did. it was quite small, overall, in the store. i kind of wonder if their warehouse area in the back takes up the most space of what appears to be a large store. a couple things that are good about the store are that the people who help you with your donations are very efficient and helpful, and the store is kept very clean. i used to never care about dirty thrift stores, but now that i am a parent i am more concerned about cooties. despite the poor review, i think i may go back to look thru the clothes. i am on a quest for certain items, and used/thrift stores have such random inventory that my review could change later... stay tuned!
4	What can I say? I love me some Goodwill!  This is not the cleanest or the biggest goodwill I have ever been to, but the staff is always very friendly and the selection is above average.  I have gotten numerous new and like-new items from some of my favorite stores!A little hectic, a little crowded at times, but overall a fantastic Goodwill experience.  I have been twice already and plan on going back!
4	I was looking to fill out a Halloween costume and perhaps do a little shopping for neat stuff to go in my apartment and even some clothes if they were cool. This is a solid Goodwill with a large and organized selection of clothes, including mens, womens and kids. They also have a few pieces of furniture, some housewares and a whole bunch of DVD's. I picked up a bunch of stuff. Yay, me!Bring some patience. The line to pay takes a long time.They also have a donation center in the back.
4	My wife turned me on to the GW. This location is a good one. Really good selections on shirts: long sleeves, golf shirts & t-shirts. You just have to be prepared to look through the racks to find the good ones. I've looked for jeans, but haven't found any yet usually because my patience runs out. You just can't beat the prices! In this economy, it's worth a visit.
3	Normally I would bitch about Goodwill's donation policy, because of what they WON'T accept. Seriously, you're going to turn away a $300 leather office chair because of some not-so-visible paint stains? Whatever. Habitat for Humanity's ReStore will gladly take my old furniture off my hands.But I am not here on the Yelp to gripe about the woman at the Goodwill drop-off trailer nearly tearing into me because I had the AUDACITY to try and pass an Oster food blender off as a donated item. Really? Blend this, hose beast.No, I am here to mildly praise the GW location on Johnston Rd off Old Lancaster Hwy. For two reasons: one, it's pure spectator sport, watching the Desperate Ballantyne Housewives try to feign disgust while tearing through the racks and picking up piles upon piles of the very same designer clothes their girlfriends probably donated a few weeks ago. Hilarious.Two, any place where I can literally steal an Aeropostale designer cowboy-print long sleeve shirt (retail: $55) for THREE DOLLARS (!!!) becomes a favorite place for me. The perfect shirt for when I decide to retire to Wyoming and become a ranch hand. And I freakin' love that shirt. Hell, I'll wear it when it's about 100 degrees outside. Who's sweating? Why are you sweating? I'm not sweating. Too bad Goodwill can be so bitchy about what you can pawn off on them anymore.
3	Not my usual Goodwill drop off location, but this is pretty large (locationwise).  Looks like the moved from the stand alone building next door over to where the Hannaford... well I guess the Food Lion is still there, they just gave up some room for the Goodwill to move in.Convenient drop off location in the back of the building... have to turn around in the loading dock area, but it gets the job done.
3	This location of Goodwill is not my favorite, but from time to time, you can find a good buy here. I found a couple of pairs of nice name-brand jeans here.  2 negatives for this store: it is crowded and I don't like the fitting rooms.
2	I am a frequent Goodwill shopper, and browser. I especially love looking for old style county home decor. While the wife and I were running errands we stopped in here. I am used to the one in Weddington, so this one seemed a bit bigger, or at least more spread out. Not a single employee smiled or greeted either of us during the entire visit, and that includes checkout by the 90 year old gentleman who moved slower than Grandma's Molasses. The store itself was clean, and layed out well, but I was really put off by the negative attitude being exhumed by EVERY employee i saw. Maybe it was a bad day, who knows......all I know is when a cashier barely looks me in the eye, and says one word, if the merchandise is no different than my closer Goodwill, I will never go back to this one when in the area.
3	It's for a good cause but the line is long there... Still, it's not too bad a place to go bargain-hunting on the weekends. They get consignments of unwanted stuff from big box retailers sometimes, which is worth a look.
1	I love shopping Goodwill and have since I was a kid. I live beside this Goodwill on Johnston rd. so I go in almost daily. The employees and especially the Manager have never once spoken to me, except to ask needed questions during a purchase. No one has ever even smiled or said Hi to me, knowing I spend a lot of time and money there. As a fellow retail store Manager for 24+ years i am appalled.  I feel they are extremely rude even when I have made donations. In my perspective I feel like they act like i am shoplifting or something, which really makes me sad for them but personally very uncomfortable. Despite how they make me feel at this location , I believe in what Goodwill stands for and will continue to shop here because of the closeness to where I live and the memories of my grandma taking me "Good Will Hunting"as a child.
4	This location had great accessories and I did get a few great blazers. The staff just wasn't the friendliest. However they weren't rude. Just kinda blah lol
