4	The BF and I come here for all the oil changes, power steering fluid, light, etc. for his car. Beats going to the stealership and coming back with a sabotaged car. The guys who work here are always polite, friendly and very friendly. They normally let us know when there's discounts and offer it since we come in so often. Normally there is no wait or a car or two ahead. Usually can be out of there within 30 minutes so it's also a pretty painless wait.
1	If you just want an oil change ok but don't let them do anything else. They changed the belts in my Infiniti with the cheapest crap belts you've ever seen! Hecho en mexico! They squeeked everytime I started the car. Do yourself a favor and buy good belts. Also many of their crew appears to be teenagers who don't give a crap. Just my personal opinion but hey you rely on your car am I right? While I was looking at the new belts I noticed my air filter was literally crammed full of dirt I had wondered about my loss of power lately. When I pulled it out I realized it was a dealership air filter! The last time the dealer changed my air filter was about 4 years ago!!! I've had terribles change it several times(at least I've paid for it) so check to make sure they actually changed it. That goes back to the lazy teenager bit I sad before.
4	The gas pumps are clean and there was no line at the car wash on a Sunday. There is a nice leather sofa and football on.
3	Went to get the jeep cleaned, in and out in less then 30 minuites.Clean inside and out
2	Close and convenient. Never used the car wash but the staff is really good and the place is usually clean. A little over priced on some items.
4	Reasonable price. Car wash service is what you expect; clean inside & clean outside. It's not an auto detailing place but it does the job.
4	First time thru car wash - usually go to Fab Freddie's for the gas discount.  Come to find out terrible's has the same .20 cents off a gallon when you purchase the $19.00 car wash.  Fred's is &19.99 for the same service.  I'd come back here if I am in the area needing a wash.  The only difference is they don't have a free point card to get money off purchases like Fabulous Freddie's does.  So I'd probably remain a regular over at Fab Fred's.
5	Always a great car wash and Service!  They have never scratched my rims in all the times I've come here.  Only issue I had in nearly 8 years of serve was fixed immediately
2	I use to always bring my truck here to get it washed and they have always did a great job. Even when they cleaned the inside of the truck, they always did a good job and spent some time on it. I've always liked this better than Fabulous Freddy's. Well, the past few times I have came here, it was jus about the exact opposite. Especially that last visit. After my truck went through the machine, they only spent 5 minutes with it and gave me the keys and the truck was still dirty in numerous spots. I wast happy with it. This has happened more than once. My mom has also had bad experiences here. Just about as similar to mine but with one big difference. Before the truck goes through the machine, they usually spray it down or pre-soap it. Well the guy went to the passenger side door, opened it up, and started spraying the inside of the door....So yea...
5	Best in NLV! Great team here that literally hits every inch of my vehicle. Highly recommended!!!
1	This place sucks, my car was a little dirty the normal told them ahead of time that I had a little wax on it if they wiped it off good I took care of them.  So he handed my keys in ignored my existent too busy talking to somebody else no good morning sir how are you, and I assumed you did a good job gave him 10 bucks didn't even say thank you. And when I got home I still dirt all over my car had to wipe it off myself. That manager walking around is about totally worthless
