2	I am with Sam.  I wanted to like it and the owner was not welcoming.  I think this is the first go of running her own business and she is trying to find its personality.  She packed it full of stuff that caught my eye, however it was crowded due to Fresh 52, and it was hard to enjoy it.  I am more than willing to give it a second chance.
4	I attended the store's grand opening on a Saturday evening. I was impressed with the variety of merchandise and the employees seemed friendly, asking me if this is the first time I've been in. One explained that the merchandise is made from recycled materials, and there are a lot of unique items which I haven't seen in other stores locally. Besides home decor, there is some clothing with an Audrey Hepburn theme. The shop is small, which makes it difficult to move around when more than a few customers are there. I saw a few items that I'm interested in and will definitely be back. Overall, it's a nice addition to the new upstairs Market in Tivoli Village.
4	My brother bought a cool memo book that used LP's as front and back covers. They had awesome mirrors made out of old TV's, too.Lots of cool stuff, but since I live in NY, it wasn't worth me risking a buy and breakage of something.However, I do recommend it to others. Tivoli is a beautiful shopping area and I think it needs more pedestrian traffic as a whole!
5	I love this place! The owner and staff are always friendly and knowledgeable about the tons of unique artists that are featured in the store. I bought a vintage book for my daughter and a notebook made out of an old album cover for my hubby. Both were wrapped up with care and a flourish of colorful scrap fabric! It is so rare to find so many fun, hand-crafted, eco-friendly items in one place! It's a must visit and while you're there be sure to get a cotton candy from across the way. Made while you watch, dusted with edible glitter, bigger than your head and only $5:)
5	5 stars for Artifact and let me tell you why! I am not an "art snob" by any means but I can appreciate anything from beautiful art by a world renowned artist to art by a no-name, one hit wonder or up and coming artist! Art can be by anyone and anything and that is what is so beautiful about Artifact LV! Everything is up cycled in the store which makes it even more fascinating! My friends and I did a ton of holiday shopping in here because they have something for everyone! Also, if you tell the sweet owner, Molly, what you're looking for or who you're buying for her creative mind will come up with the perfect gift! Artifact can be a little overwhelming from outside looking in but I promise once you step in you won't regret it! My favorites about this gem of a store is the wine candles and their fun, one of a kind jewelry!
5	ADORABLE. With Earth Day events and focus on the environment this month, I am proud to say I did my part by shopping at this store. Gift giving never felt so good. All the lovely knicknacks are made from recycled material. They also support local artists. You can find many things for your home; from decorative lamps, prints, wall art & even vintage clothing and shoes. They even customize license plates for decoration, each letter/number is taken from an old license plate from different states. And nothing looks junky!  Finally the best part, the item is placed in a bag that is made from recycled newsprint and wrapped with ribbon from used cloth. So much thought and care, it's refreshing. If you're stuck for a gift for that person that has 'everything' then this is the place you're looking for. It's located inside the Market place of Tivoli Village and when you're done shopping you can enjoy a snack and glass of wine at the Seasonal Menu inspired View Wine Bar on the same floor. Now that's a environmental cause I can support anyday!
5	They have some very cute, thoughtful, and inexpensive gifts.  It was definitely worth the drive!!!  Some of their items are so unique.  Service was great.  Molly was unbelievable.  When I get back I will definitely check this place out again.,
