5	Just got a starter pack from another shop last week and already had burnt out a coil - fortunately Aqualung is just up the street from my office. Stopped in during lunch and Josh, the highly-informative attendant, couldn't have been more helpful. Unfortunately the part I needed wasn't on hand, but he offered to order it for the next time I came in, and even showed me an alternative tank I ended up purchasing. At no point did it feel salesy or pushy. I truly felt like I was being educated on how my new device worked. Great experience, and I'll definitely be a regular customer.
5	So glad this place has moved into the area, tons of parking and a nice clean shop once inside!They are extremely helpful as I stopped in during my lunch break to replace a cracked plastic EVOD tank. Ended up getting some juice as well after spending some time sampling the wide array that they offer. One criticism, the sample area is self-serve and kind of just attached to the wall. I have been to some other shops that have a more bar approach which gives the employees a chance to truly explain each juice and have a more interactive approach that I enjoy. As they have only been open for a few months I am excited to see how they grow! But definitely stop by if you are in the neighborhood.
5	Full disclosure, I am related to the owner. Regardless,  I would and do recommend aqualung vapor supply to anyone interested in quitting tobacco. Josh and Matt got me set up with a small vape setup a few months back. Long story short... I stopped smoking overnight. Every time I stop in to the shop Josh and Matt are there to help. Five months tobacco free. Juice selection is great. Stop in and check em' out.
5	I have been to a lot of shops around the valley and even a few out in California. Aqualung is my favorite. In my opinion I believe Aqualung is the best shop around. Josh and McGoo are always very helpful and kind in their ways.
5	Thanks for the 24ga build advice, ripped juice like crazy. Great shop good guys, great product.
