3	So this place is close to my home, and a friend suggested I try it.It was a nice, clean, big, empty place when I visited.25.00 for a pedicure. Thats what i went there for. It turned out to be an ok experience. The quality of the enamels is not good, so the paint starts to look bad after only a few days. I really love places that go all out on the massage of the feet , this place they focused on my calves mostly. Sorta disappointing. I will probably go back since it is in my hood. But really if you want a good polish that will last bring your own stuff.
5	LOVEEEEE it! Everytime I goto Vegas (definitely as often as I can!) I make a stop at Y Me Nails & Spa and have a pedi, mani and a haircut! They are professional, clean and really cater to their client's needs. They totally take their time with the buffing, cleaning but also spend quality time with the massage. I've never had a bad haircut from them, which says alot since I am picky. Everyone who works there have such a great personality, making my experience that MUCH more enjoyable.
5	So I went to Vegas with nasty looking nails. I went there for a friend's birthday, so I had to fix that asap!I called my cousin who is a resident of the fabulous city of Las Vegas to see what she recommended. That's how I stumbled upon Y Me Nails & Spa.I love how this place is very clean. I was greeted and helped right away. I picked out a color and the girl who worked on me was Thao.She was awesome! I loved my mani & pedi. My nails were very clean and I loved how she shaped them. None of them were uneven or lopped sided. I felt so relaxed during my service. It looked great after she had worked on them. I was very pleased with my service.So if you're looking for an awesome mani & pedi, Thao is your go to girl! Thanks again Thao! Whenever I am in town and in need of a mani or pedi I'll be sure to come on by! :)
5	In a world full of nail salons on nearly every block like Starbucks, Y Me Nails and Spa really distinguishes themselves with their friendly services, professionalism, and welcoming atmosphere.  Their reasonable prices are attractive, but clients continuously return for their service. When you're in the area, stop by this salon. You'll feel pampered.
5	Love this place! Tina for pedi and Te for nails and wax. I am a regular and they are  always pleasant , quick, and clean. Give them a try!
2	Wasn't too impressed with the cleanliness of the place, it looked a bit grimy and messy. My nail tech did a fairly ok job, the nails started lifting after a few days, maybe they were too thick? Not sure, but I won't be returning, not just because of the way the nails turned out, but also due to the nosiness of my nail tech. Way too many questions and opinions.
5	I am a local to Las Vegas and recently moved to this part of town.  I kept driving across town to my old salon because I had great service there...however I gave this one a shot and was pleasantly surprised!  They are ALL very friendly, they remember my name, what I like and who I come in with - they also get you all in at the same time (if you come in with a group) and ON TIME!  I know the entire staff by name and love the quality of their work.  I've had Hannah, Cory and Tina all work on my nails and I love each of them!  I get gels and a pedi about every 2-3 weeks and look forward to it!  They run a timely, courteous and clean salon.This place needs more people to know about it (but selfishly I like walking in without an appointment and having a quiet place)!  My friends and I go on the weekend and during our lunch hour - they are amazing!
1	I'd gotten my toes done here twice so when it came time to get my nails done for my wedding, this was the first place I thought of.  I still called around for pricing & they were cheaper than anyone else so I made the appointment for my mom & I to get our nails done.  We made it to our appointment about 10 minutes late and they got to work immediately.  We both had two people working on us at the same time.  I had requested over the phone to get gel nails but I wanted to get these glittery tips that I had seen online.  The woman who initially started doing my nails, although very nice, knew very little English and so it was super hard to convey what I wanted to her.  So I ended up with the guy that did my toes also doing my nails.  I'm not sure what his name was but he didn't get my cuticles done well enough and the acrylic that they ended up giving me was super thin.  Two of the nails looked like they were already grown out, my thumb had a bubble in it and you could see EVERY SINGLE ONE of the acrylic tips!  Not to mention the fact that while he was still doing my toes over by the table where they do the gel this HUMONGOUS ROACH crawled across the floor!  I know he saw it too because he looked at it the same time that I did.  It was one of those black & red ones that bite and it was the size of one of those full grown hissing cockroaches!  I didn't say anything about it at the time because I was just glad they were still working on us to get the job done even though they closed in 10 minutes.  However, I kept my feet up on the chair and made sure not to put my purse anywhere near the floor.  By the time they were done it was already 30 minutes past closing so we went ahead & paid them and left.  The next day, we went back & I really just wanted them to give me my money back.  However, the same guy was there and I conveyed my concern that removing them would tear up my natural nails.  When I told him that we had to make my wedding cake that day so I really didn't have time, he said it wouldn't take that long at all to redo them.  I then showed him the picture of what I wanted (I'd forgotten to bring it the day before) and he miraculously remembered that they had these other tips that were exactly what I wanted yesterday.  He assured me that they could do it and had me sit with my nails in acetone to remove the first set.  It took about another 1 1/2 hours total to redo my nails (thankfully my real nails weren't torn up in the process).  After I sat in acetone & one of the women ground off the old set, he didn't even want me to wash off my hands before he started! I told him I was going to go wash my hands and I'd be right back.  I just KNEW it was going to again turn out horrible, but what could I do?  It was at that point that he proceeds to tell me that I'd have to pay ANOTHER $10 to do the gel.  Seriously?  What kind of customer service is that where you KNOW it's for my WEDDING and you make me pay EXTRA after you COMPLETELY screwed up my nails the first time?! So the outcome of the second set was that one of my pinkies is almost COMPLETELY sideways (see picture) and after only 2 hours a chunk of my thumbnail broke off (see picture) and THEN all of my nails look grown out and it's been less than a week since I got them done because he didn't cut/push my cuticles back properly.  I will NEVER get my nails done again OR refer anyone to this place!  If they had a corporate I would DEFINITELY be calling them pronto!
5	I got the best haircut from this salon.  Either T or Tana cuts my hair (they are twins).  I have lived here 10 years and I have never had a better haircut.  I love my hair.
5	I was looking for an inexpensive place to go for a mani-pedi after I moved to this side of town, and I am so glad I found this place. I took my mom and sister there when they visited, and we had a great experience. They did us all at the same time, and were fast, efficient and friendly. We were very pleased with their excellent work. They also have GREAT prices and a lovely & clean atmosphere.
1	I went here to have my nails done because they had good reviews on yelp. I received the worst nail fill I ever had. I had bubbles in the gel, instead of redoing the gel they file my nails leaving them ruff and not smooth. I had my nails done at 5:00 the previous day. By 11:00 am the next day my nail broke. It was not even 24 hours. I went back to have them replaced and they had the gull to charge me $5.00 for their mistake. I will never go back there again. This is the worst nail salon I have been. Never, Never, Never again!!!!!!!!
5	Nothing better than spending your paycheck to get a pedicure after a hard day of work, its even better when its an upscale place with excellent prices and service. I heard about this place from a friend and stopped in without an appointment and got a pedicure.  Y Me Nails & Spa is the place to go for rest, relaxation and that little something to make you feel special.I plan to come back really soon.
4	What's better than a lunchtime mani/pedi?  Not much really unless you can get a mimosa with that mani/pedi, but I never drink while on the clock (fingers crossed behind my back).  Seriously though, this salon is perfectly located within walking distance of my office so I can visit during lunchtime if and whenever I'm in the need to prioritize my time (translation: I have no other time to take care of my beauty biz).  This makes me a huge fan of Y Me to which I add, Y Not...do something nice for yourself and get your beauty treatment on.I have never had a bad experience at Y Me and the prices of the typical manicure are reasonable.  I just recently had my gels filled for $30.  How awesome is that?  My girl Hanna hooked me up with the service and the swell price.  I intend to go back in a couple of weeks for a lunchtime pedi.  I have not had any other services at the salon, but they can hook up hair and skin as well.  I might just need a brow wax soon, perfect for the lunchtime beautification.
1	I HATE posting bad reviews but I have a hard time believing that other "independent" reviewers are walking out of this place with a 5 star experience. The lady who did my nails was so pleasant and chatted me up the entire time which makes me feel like even more of a jerk for leaving this review, but in the end the work matters and in this case it was really bad.  The salon was freezing, not that clean - not dirt everywhere, but a lot of product splatter and junk lying around, and the lay-out is odd.  I got a gel manicure and the nail technician obviously did not know how to do them properly.  For reasons I still don't understand she pooled a lot of the nail polish at the cuticles but she very carefully avoided painting the very tips of the nails so there was a very thin white stripe at the top of each nail.  Pooling polish at the cuticle is a big no-no for gels because as it grows out it peels up and the polish won't last that long,   The nail polish was uneven and lot's of smudges and bumps.  My hopes were pretty low as soon as I choose the color because she took the nail polish bottle and started smacking it against her hand to make sure it was mixed.  Everybody who works with nail polish should know never to do this because it puts air bubbles in the polish, which there definitely were.  There wasn't a single nail that didn't have a smudge or a bubble in it.  If you want to mix nail polish you should roll the bottle between your palms.  I had really high hopes for this place because it is less expensive than the place the I usually go to and a lot closer to my house.  But in the end not worth the money savings or time savings because the day that I walked out the manicure looked bad and a week later it looks terrible.  Usually I can get at least 2 sometimes 3 weeks out of a gel manicure, but not this time.  The polish looks so bad I wouldn't want to try to stretch it out that long anyway.  I left town for vacation the very next day or I probably would have gone back and asked for a refund.
2	Ive been here twice now... the first time i just got my nails filled.. it was pretty good, i didnt get them painted or anything cuz i like to paint my nails myself at home, but they did grow out pretty quick and they were lifting, i ended up taking all my nails off and went back today to get a full set, unpainted, i got the same girl and she was very nice and talkative, my nails looked pretty cute but she cut me twice, and before she put the accrylic on when she was sanding down my nail or w.e on 2 of my nails it felt like she was grinding my skin through my nail, it hurtt! so yes my nails look cute.. but i wont be coming back due to the fact that i was cut TWICE!
2	The worst fill I've ever received!  The salon is clean enough so I'm still giving it two stars but "Meh I've experienced better" is a definite understatement. I went in for a fill and when prompted for a pedicure too I said I don't have time for both.  The first, younger woman assured me that they would start both at the same time so I agreed.  She tricked me, they did them one after the other even though nail technicians were just sitting around. The pedicure was nothing special, not great not bad.  No massage and no exfoliating rub but she did the standard tidy up the cuticles and polish change.The fill though... yikes.  I requested a short pointed stiletto tip nail.  The older woman who did my nails refused to listen to me about having the nails short because she insisted that they were ugly that way.  I told her for work I needed them shorter, and she still refused.  She used tips that are really cheap and break easily, and according to the next salon I went to they weren't even all the same type of tip!!  The nail polish was bubbly after applied, and when I brought this up to her she said "no it's not bubbly."  She didn't file off the excess fill material from the underside of my nails, even after I brought it to her attention, so for the weeks following my nails kept snagging on everything and it was very uncomfortable.  Back to the weak tips, many snapped the very next day.  She also filed my nail points all crooked.They don't listen to you, they don't use premium products and they are not skilled.It was also slightly uncomfortable because a mother, along with her preteen children, came in for a hair cut and I overheard the stylist trying to force her a glass of wine even though she was adamantly refusing and even using driving children as a reason to say no.  The stylist was soo persistant-- awkward!
1	Reading other people's reviews makes me think we aren't even talking about the same place.  I have a hard time believing these other reviews were written independently by true patrons unaffiliated with the business or staff. I just wanted a nice, simple manicure for my birthday weekend.  What I received was a low rate manicure that was chipping hours later.  More than that, I felt very uncomfortable with the condition of the salon.  It was dirty and there was clutter everywhere.   A hair station that wasn't being used still had hair from the previous haircut all over the floor.  The tools that the manicurist was using didn't come from a sterilized container, just from a box in her station and there were remnants from the previous use still on the tools.  It was hard to find a color that I liked because they weren't restocked on the back shelf and were scattered about manicure and pedicure stations that weren't even being used.  Some of the pedicure stations were unable to be used because they were being used for storage. I enjoy treating myself to a mani/pedi and like to be relaxed while having it.  Having a baby cry in the back of the shop off and on made me want to get up and rock her rather than continuing to have my nails done.  I recently moved near this shop and was hoping to make it my regular spot, but I definitely will never return to here.
4	Very nice staff. Close location to the strip (driving) very thorough job. Great pricing. Made an appointment and didn't have to wait. Only reason I gave them 4 stars in stead of 5 is because I felt there nail polish selection could have been better and while they were clean I felt the overall salon could have looked cleaner.
1	Horrible service. Went for a polish change on toes and nails, too 2.5 hours!! They don't have any gel colors that match normal polish like they said they do. Way understaffed too. Not good quality ether. But you get what you pay for I guess.. Very good prices.Y ME NAILS. Y DID I CHOOSE TO GO THERE ALREADY CHIPPING
5	I am visiting from San Francisco , and every time I come to visit y me salon is to go too!! I love that it is a full service salon!!! Jack is my favorite for nails and I hate to do my own hair so getting a shampoo hair dry is great at the same time.... Thank you so much for making me beautiful!!! The salon looks so spacious and clean!!! That's the most I look At... CLEAN and NEAT
5	My friend and I came here as 2 walk in pedicures . We were started right away and it was awesome ! I had Minx and my friend had Kim !  I highly recommend this nail salon!
4	My family was headed back home but decided to get pedicures before we left town.  We found this place on Yelp. I have to say, after reading the reviews, I was skeptical. Boy am I glad we stopped! The service was excellent, the people were friendly, and even though there were 2 workers,  they serviced the 3 of us (my husband, 12 year old daughter, and I) in good time without us feeling rushed. The establishment was clean and clutter free. The pedicure was absolutely fantastic, complete with massage and hot stones! I can definitely come back again! It was a great end to a fantastic family vacation!
