5	I stopped by here for the soft-opening before the restaurant was open to the public. The atmosphere inside was a huge change from Longboards, which operated in the space not too long ago. Inside is now wood grain floors and comfy dark leather booths. The booths are shaped in a semicircle which make the space feel more open than the standard square booths that most restaurants have. On the walls they have TVs playing Clint Eastwood western movies. And above the bar is a nice selection of Tequila bottles.I ended up trying multiple tacos, with my favorite being the short rib. They make the tortillas in house, and you can taste it in how fresh the tortillas are. I also enjoyed the chicken mole taco which had delicious pickled red onions on top. The tacos are slightly on the small side, but they sure are good.The staff was friendly and very helpful in giving me suggestions for tequila to sip on. Overall, I was impressed with the food and service and look forward to trying them again.
5	Bakersfield was excellent! The venue was eclectic, the food was divine and the service was fun. Overall the experience is one I am dying to encounter again.
5	First time here and It is their Second night!!Lovely place! Nice and cozy. Great drink specials!!And  awesome staffs.They played old western movie which is perfect for the atmosphere. I want give them a FIVE  stars and I definitely come back:) And very friendly price ^^TACOS  TEQUILA  WHISKEY
4	Great atmosphere, friendly service, really cool looking space but definitely use their valet or park on a side street and DO NOT PARK IN THE CONDO DECKS next door as they were towing cars tonight. Good to have a good taco place nearby as Cantina makes their move down to Park Rd.
5	Awesome new restaurant in Dilworth!  I went there last night with a friend and after being open less than a week, the place was packed!  We were greeted immediately by the owner who gave us a description of the cocktails...he recommended the Bakersfield margarita and I'll probably never have anything else there...yummy!  The atmosphere is vibrant and casual with very friendly and knowledgeable staff.  I think this is going to be my new go-to spot in Dilworth for cocktails, good food and hanging with friends.
4	Mexican, you have my heart wrapped up like a perfect burrito. Well Bakersfield focuses on tacos, but you catch my drift. On a hunt for Mexican Liz and I stumbled on this place, new to East Blvd. but it's actually a small chain for what I Googled. The place was packed, not too surprisingly for a Saturday night and a 30 minute wait, not bad. The decor is cool, rustic, with Edison bulbs hanging and thick wooden slabs as the table, I liked the place. A small tapas style place, Liz and I got the cheese dip, guac and a few tacos. We decided not to indulge in a Margarita, even though they looked good! We stuck to eating our calories. Our service was fast and friendly, always a good thing for a new restaurant. The guacamole was fresh, chunky and a tad spicy. The Cheese dip was different, not a white creamy kind usually found in southern Mexican joints. It actually tasted more like real cheese, it was filling, just not what I was expecting. The el pastor taco with pineapple was deli-sh as well as the fish tacos. I'm sure we will be visiting this place again. Warning- Be careful where you park since this location doesn't have a parking lot. We parked int he Harris teeter lot ( and they didn't like that very much ) Also, they don't have outdoor seating.
4	This place could easily end up being 5 stars once they work kinks out.  Newly opened and completely slammed, but still pulling it off.  Great job guys.  There were a couple little hiccups, but all were quickly noticed by staff, no need for me to mention them.I don't frequent the northeast much, so I've never been to one of these before.  With the garage doors open and the breeze strolling through this wonderful new bar, I think I've found my new spot to hangout in Dilworth.  Westerns on the TV, Johnny Cash playing loudly, and a $28 pitcher of a very drinkable margarita.  I'm in.I just went for some guac and tacos.  The guacamole came out chunky and delicious.  Both salsas put the chips and guac over the top.  Then the tacos, oh how I love tacos.  The mole was superb.  Not necessarily traditional,  in the mole recipe or with the pickled onion, but it just worked.  By far my favorite.  The cochinita ended up coming in second, as it had great flavor, but just wasn't quite a complex in flavors.  While I love braised short ribs, that taco needs something else as well.  Maybe more white onion, or thicker slices of radish.  All I tasted was short rib.  The crispy mahi wasn't that crispy, and also didn't seem super fresh.  Says the guy who bought fish on a Monday.  Bourdain wouldn't do it, why should I?All in all, its a trendy taco spot and southwestern style saloon that actually pulls it off instead of being cheesy.  I'm not saying the tacos are the best in Charlotte, but they are up there.  Being able to get full for a reasonable amount of cash in that part of town isn't the easiest to come by.  There beers are a little high, but they have a PBR special.  I'll be back soon and hope to notch this up one star.
5	Great atmosphere, great service (quick and knowledgeable), super tasty, fresh Mexican food! It is a small menu, but everything on it is delicious! Tons of beers on tap!Parking isn't the greatest, but they do have valet across the street!
5	Love the atmosphere and service, food is great and there's a wonderful selection of drinks and well priced tex mex food. Will definitely come again, especially love the open air concept with the garage door and windows!
5	Woah!  Let me TELL you that THIS is THE place to eat!!  I had some of the most amazing and unique soft-shelled tacos ever!!  The short rib taco was my favorite.  Very sweet and meaty!!  Let me tell you how much I hated the parking though!!  There is no parking area for the restaurant since it is a corner building. There is free valet, but we weren't interested.  So, we tried parking in the Harris Teeter parking lot in from of the CLOSED businesses who obviously do not need the parking spaces.  We were met by an ancient security guard who was actively chasing people down harassing them about not parking there if they were patrons of the new restaurant.  This man literally would yell across the parking lot at people and chastise them about why they were parking there.   NOT cool for business in the Dilworth area, and if I had a closed business there, I would want people to park there for a free advertising opportunity!  This would allow customers of the restaurant to see businesses they may not otherwise know were there!!  Anyway, the cocktails at the restaurant were beyond amazing.  The atmosphere was dark and had drop lighting using old fashioned bulbs that gave the place an awesome ambiance.  The waitstaff were very new, and needed to look at notes when they were asked questions, but they are new and so I don't blame them. I'd rather them know rather than guess!!   Plenty of TVs to watch, but the music will drown any sound out!  Fantastic experience and I plan on coming back MANY, many times!!Also, this place had no desserts. So you will have to fill your sweet tooth some place else.
5	This location needed a complete redesign and that's exactly what Bakersfield did! They've been open for a few weeks and everything was great! Great service, yummy food and fun atmosphere. The queso was hands down the best I've ever had. I would also recommend the white sangria. I'll definitely be back soon!
5	I've been waiting for someone to crack the code to make a restaurant or bar work out in this space for a while now, and Bakersfield has done it! This is maybe more of a bar than it is a restaurant, but it works great on both levels and is pretty authentic mexican street food...don't expect cheddar cheese and sour cream and lettuce on your taco. The specialty drinks are top notch and worth the price, but you can drink more cheaply from the decent beer list or daily specials. There is a great tequila and whiskey selection.Don't be a baby about the lack of parking. It's a densifying neighborhood only a mile from downtown in a growing city, you're not entitled to free plentiful parking everywhere. Take a cab/uber, walk, bike, or park on a side street a few blocks away.
5	I'm so glad Bakersfield has finally moved in! The space is beautifully designed with a great wraparound bar as the centerpiece. Nearly every spot at the bar has coat/ purse hooks AND individual outlets (woot woot!). There are benches at the front of the restaurant for groups and booths on both sides of the bar.Drinks: I highly recommend starting with the house margarita. It's the perfect combo of tart, sweet, and salty. And it's served in a mason jar.Food: The queso is very good. We've gotten it plain each time, but I'm trying it with beans and/or chorizo on my next visit. The tostadas are larger than I was expecting and flavorful, but kind of awkward to eat. If you're on a first date and trying to look cute while eating, they probably aren't the way to go. The tacos are also delish. We've had the mole, rojo, fish, short rib, and cochinitas. The fish was the only one we didn't love. It was a tad too frozen fish sticky for my taste.Service: They're attentive, friendly, and go above and beyond to make you happy. I've only been a few times, but our previous servers have recognized me on each of our visits and stopped by to say hi.Reservations: Make 'em now! If you don't have a res, they'll call you when your table is ready.Hopes & dreams: I hope they put the game on those awesome TVs on game days. It'd be a great spot for football watching. Also, I'd love to see them expand to weekend brunch service (pretty please??).
5	Really enjoyed my dinner here tonight. For excellent mex-tex with a kick, order the queso with everything (jalapeno, beans, and chorizo) and the chochinita tacos. The home-made tortillas are fantastically made. Just one tortilla holds up the entire taco.
4	What a great new treat to East Blvd.  We arrived on a Friday night around 7:00pm and was told it was a 10 minute wait, not bad at all. We proceeded to the bar, which is amazing. A great wrap around bar with a long communal standing table on one side.  It was crowded, but we were able to sneak in at the counter and order drinks. I chose the house margarita, WOW, loved it! It was definitely made fresh and had a great tequila kick.  My friend ordered a beer, which they do offer a great selection.  After around 10 minutes we were seated at a high table in the front of the restaurant. We started with the chips, salsa and guacamole. All great!  As for entrees, I chose the Mole Taco and the Tostado. The others ordered a variety of tacos.  I will say the Tostado was AMAZING. Black beans with chicken on a lightly fried tortilla, it was one of the best I have ever had. As for the tacos everyone said the Mole and the Short Rib were the best. The service was great too, a definite added bonus.  Only downfall, the TVs and noise level was very high, we felt like we were screaming the entire time.  However, the food was well worth another visit and a new frequent stop for those of us who live in the Dilworth area.  Thank you Bakersfield.
4	Can Bakersfield East Blvd survive this revolving door of a cursed location? *Insert dramatic music here* Finally had a chance to check out the new nino on the block (see what I did there). The Hitman and I ventured here last week for dinner and drinks. It was rocking for a Wednesday evening. I love the decor. The cool old school light bulb type fixtures that hang, garage doors opening to the sidewalk, vintage Western movie playing on the tv... great vibe.We started with guac. Loved the fresh radish garnish on top. I went with tacos... one short rib and one pastor. Both were pretty good, but I would declare the short rib the winner in a face-off.Drink special alert: PBR's are just $2 every day and come in a boot. Disclaimer: not an actual boot, but a glass shaped like a boot. As hard as it was to pass up a boot, I decided on a margarita(s). Salted rim and mason jar for the win! Staff is ridiculously nice. Seriously, it felt like 45 different people checked on us. We chatted with the manager as well. So friendly. If you don't live in this hood, here's where it gets tricky. And this has been the problem for every restaurant in this space: parking. They don't have a lot. Be wary about parking in the Harris Teeter. The peeps there are not happy about it. Bakersfield does offer valet across the street at Berrybrook.Best of luck to Bakersfield. I'm a big fan!
4	Wow! Customer service lives. Manager even came by to check in on us after our wait was a little longer than expected. Great servers, ambience and food - original and savory. From the customer service to the quality of the food, I recommend you to check it out!
5	First time visit - very impressed. Great service - at the bar and table. Reasonable prices for good food. Very attentive wait staff. Overall a great experience - will definitely come back.
3	Not much food on the menu but prices aren't bad. this place is a whiskey and tequila joint so I was expecting them to be able to mix it up but it was disappointing. I asked for some common drinks such as Midori Sour, Irish redhead, seven and seven. None was available. Really disappointed with that. I waited about 10 minutes for my waitress to come back around just so I can order the drink. But the chips and quest was delicious. Margaritas are great also. Altogether a great food place but I expected better since under the name it says tacos, tequila and whiskey. That's why I have a 3.
4	Interesting addition to East Blvd!  Hopefully it helps bring back some life to the area. The atmosphere is great, super casual but packed and lively. Everyone is here to have a good time. The bar tables are ridiculous. The concrete top is only inches larger than the barrel base, so you cannot sit under the table at all. You have to sit sideways at the table.  If I had waited an hour and a half to get that table, I would be pissed.  Fortunately, we were sat at a hightop near the bar with regular seats.  Other than the grotesquely under-estimated wait time, the service was really good.The tacos were interesting, but out of the four we tried I'm not sure I would eat any of them again. For me the food to go back for is the baked cheese dip and the tostadas.The cheese dip is not your standard Mexican fare.  It has an awesomely bruleed top but eat quickly or it will get stringy and hard and cold.The potato tostada was fantastic! Served in a cold iron skillet, with a bottom layer of dressed romaine salad, it has two layers of fresh made crispy tostada shells. Separated by beans and crispy potato cubes, it has a great balance of flavor and texture. The green sauce on the table adds a lot to it.  Definitely a good addition to the restaurant/bar scene.
5	Awesome atmosphere!!! Garage doors are a welcomed change to this unit space. MAJOR UPGRADE from the previous restaurants here. Great service! Guacamole and queso was truly on point. They play football games on Saturdays. Margaritas were fresh squeezed and great. I hope they get flour tortillas here soon... Corn tortillas are just not our thing. We'll be back!!!!
4	Visited mid afternoon on Saturday. Place was packed when we arrived but quickly cleared out after 3. The doors were up and it was nice to sit there and enjoy the weather. Service was good, attentive yet not overly. Food was good, order the braised beef and one of the chicken tacos. It came out quickly and was very good. Pitcher of margaritas was really good---huge for a couple of people. The only thing I see as an issue is parking. We tried to come here a few weeks ago and parking was an issue---valet full, "attendants" in the HT parking lot were threatening to tow. Not sure how they will solve this problem. Would definitely go back again. And definitely recommend this place. Tequila selection is pretty good as well.
4	Great addition to the vibrant Dillworth scene, this Cal-Mex (not really Tex Mex) place has a limited menu but it seems that they do that on purpose to focus in on quality. And the food is definitely quality as they make their own chips, tortillas and breads. We got a boatload of items, starting with the Queso and Chorizo with fresh tortilla chips. Great flavor but we felt it could have used more heat, so we added some of their roasted red pepper sauce. Followed that with their Short Rib Torta, which was outstanding! Super tender and fkavorful....not sure of the arugula though. Next was the Tostada with chicken. That was pretty good, nice flavor especially when adding the fresh lime they give you. Now for the tacos. I know....we're pigs...oink oink oink. Had the Chicken Mole and Pork Pastor. The pork taco was better. Being from Chicago and my buddy being from NYC our definition of Mole is FAR different than Bakersfield's. Their mole jyst didn't have the requisite "sweet heat" that defines mole. There was too much chocolate and it wasn't Mexican chocolate. Honestly just not a very good Mole.Other than that this is a solid 4 star restaurant. Note that you most likely will be sitting family style with strangers....but after the meal you won't be strangers no more.
3	We were definitely excited about a new Mexican-type restaurant opening up, so we checked out Bakersfield on a Saturday.  This place is definitely more of a bar than a restaurant, so we were a little bit disappointed.  Think of it as a Mexican themed All American Pub. (in terms of atmosphere and crowd)It was pretty loud and crowded by 7pm.  We waited 45 mins for a table, and then we were finally seated at a picnic table with some strangers. I hate eating at community seating when I go out to eat.  It just makes me think the restaurant is cheap and trying to cram as many humans into a sardine can as possible. When you eat at a picnic table you don't really ever settle in and enjoy yourself, either.In terms of food and drink, the margaritas were good and the tacos we ordered were very good. The short rib one was probably the best, but the rest were serviceable. One nice thing is that you can order them a la carte, so you can try the different ones out. Unfortunately, they charge you for chips and salsa, which rubs me the wrong way as well.  They aren't even good or special.  I may go back here for some drinks and to sit at the bar, but never again for eating.  The value is in the margaritas, not the overpriced food you get to experience at a picnic table with strangers, while people slam into you as they shuffle around the bar.
2	Went there today for lunch and it was a really cool place with friendly staff and roll up glass garage doors opened to East Blvd, nice atmosphere, good chips and salsa. Unfortunatley it was nowhere near the BEST fish tacos in Charlotte like someone had  told me.   My  $4.00 Mahi taco only had a single finger sized piece of deep fried Mahi, raw corn tortilla, and  just tasted ok.  I'm sure it would be a fun place to get a drink and watch a game.Cabo Fish tacos still has the best by far in my opinion.
2	Neither food nor service are impressive, hopefully the drinks will keep this place alive until Spring. I dropped in Saturday as tacos sounded a great idea on the last of the warm fall days. When I sat at the bar & caught up with a friend for 5 to 10 minutes, it took the bartender asking to refill my friends' drinks for her to come over and even then I had to get her attention myself to get a menu or water.Perusing the menu was as disappointing. No entrees, chips & salsa are $3. Within 3 blocks is Moe's & Tijuana Flats. I get that Bakersfield's chips & salsa are made daily but do you really decide where to eat based exclusively on this side item? Tacos are $4 each and they're small. They are tasty, but flour tortillas aren't available, tacos are served on white corn tortillas only. My friends had the short rib sandwich earlier and remarked it was good but a lot of bread. I ordered 3 tacos, one pastor and each style of chicken. They came out in a timely fashion and the pastor is a good example balanced with fresh pineapple. I couldn't tell the difference between the two chicken styles. Still peckish, I had the veggie tortilla of fried potatoes, black beans, guac and lettuce. It's quite a treat!I like the decor, the roll up doors and naked lights are a relaxed vibe. While I again waited for the bartender's attention to get my check, I noticed the bar back squeezing lemons for their margaritas. Since my friends stayed and had a pitcher they must be pretty good. It seems like a great place to drink which isn't my thing. Given the lack of parking, other places with equally good pastor tacos at better prices (la unica on central) and no reservations you could very well hunt for parking, find it, and have an hour wait. **The manager sent a yelp compliment and clarified they have more valet spots than those at Berrybrook up to 40 spots total** Still I hope the owners have the cash to survive until spring when margaritas or beers with a gentle breeze blowing in off East Blvd is a great idea.
3	Atmosphere:  LOUD!!!!  Come prepared to talk loudly and listen hard!  The waitress did an excellent job attending to us and keeping us happy even while they were very busy.  Fun vibe and atmosphere - great hangout spot for the weekends.  Drinks:  Sangria is delicious but sweet.  You can get margaritas by the pitcher - and they are strong!!Food:  Chips and Guacamole was pretty good - strong on the lime/citrus flavor, but in a good way.  Tacos!!!....$4 tacos!!  We had the Short Ribs, Fish, Pastor, Pollo Rojo and Huitlacoche Tacos and we liked them in that order.
4	My wife is the one who suggested it and I do not get very excited for new places. When I saw the menu I didn't think there would be anything I would like. I actually had three of their tacos which were pretty awesome. My favorite one was the "weird c word" (can't remember the name) which I highly recommend if you like spicy food. My PBR came in a boot which was pretty awesome. It was a cool atmosphere and the interior was pretty killer. I will definitely go back soon!
5	Another great visit - this time for lunch. Service was fast and everyone very friendly...plus the food was delicious. Ordered tacos and chips with queso. Will definitely be back again.
5	Bakersfield is awesome. Since it's opened a few months ago I've been there several times. I've never actually gone for dinner, but we usually end up ordering something. I've had the short rib and al pastor tacos, both of which were really good and flavorful. I'll order them again, but I want to try some of the other items as well. It's never been super crowded when I've gone in (I usually don't go until 9-10pm during the week), but I can see that it would get crowded during normal dinner hours. The atmosphere is also really cool. They play old western movies on the TVs and have a cool bar area. They do a different $3 shot each day of the week so be sure to check them out (they are listed on the wall in the back near the kitchen). Also, they serve $2 PBR drafts and they serve them in the coolest cowboy boot mugs! Chips and salsa isn't free, but worth it to share with the table! They usually offer two different salsas (a green and a red) and both are very flavorful. I'd prefer a spicier salsa, just not sure if they have one available, but I may ask next time!
1	I was really looking forward to trying this place out! After hearing a rave review from my sister and her friend. I ordered a Bakersfield margarita and chorizo tostada. I have a insane love for anything with chorizo and tequila. But,the  food was cold and it was something I could have made at home myself and I  didn't taste the chorizo. The margarita was no better than the ones you get in the can. I'm not even sure if there was any tequila in there because it  tasted  like pure sour mix. I get easily buzzed and that margrita did nothing. My brother had the short rib sandwich he said the meat was good but the cibatta bread made the sandwich dry. The one star is for the service. Our waitress was knowledgeable and very kind. Can't say I will be going back there.
2	Anticlimatic.  $10 for a glass of cheap cab? I won't be rushing back. That is for sure.
5	We went for dinner last night and I will definitely be back! We had to wait for about 30 min for a table but we were able to get drinks at the bar. During this time we also got to chat with the owner, such a nice guy. We finally were seated. We ordered margaritas, guac, queso with chorizo and an assortment of tacos. Everything was delicious! I had the fish taco and would highly recommend it. Very reasonably priced too. I also really like the vibe and atmosphere! I hope this place can survive in Dilworth, it is a great addition.
4	I live in the neighborhood, this location is always changing businesses, no one has stayed for more than a year recently. Bakersfield has a great concept and the food is delicious. Great margaritas and specials. Really satisfied with the new walking distance restaurant!
5	Tacos are delicious and the margaritas are a must. They have a great atmosphere and good crowd whatever night you go. I've been luck to find a spot at the at the bar every time I've gone, but if you're not that lucky, just grab a drink and wait until they give you a call to go to your table. Once you order your food the wait isn't long at all. There's valet parking across the street so you don't have to worry about parking which I heard was a big deal at the previous restaurants at this location.
5	Great place! I have been holding off going there from my "Longboards" hangover! Longboards was the previous establishment and I loved it. Just discovered it too late (a few months before it closed). :)Anyways, parking was easy! Is it like most places uptown, in regards to parking? Yes! You just have to be patient! They do offer FREE valet, so that's good ! The decor inside is cool! Johnny Cash cool! Loved the barrel tables! We sat at the bar! I saw a nice mixture of people in the crowd. I disagree that one of the previous reviews said "holy hipster"! The bartenders (all three ) were very attentive! Cobra is a sweetheart! They have my favorite beer, Sol, in bottles and it's only $3 per! A great start! Cobra was very helpful in making food recommendations! The  queso is outstanding! The best I've ever had! The previous review said otherwise! I totally disagree! It was awesome! Tacos were very good, too! We had 2 beers, sangria, queso, tacos and were stuffed! And the bill was only $27! We will be back! Great place, great food, great ambience and decor and even better bartenders!
5	I cannot say enough about the queso and chips. I don't know what the spices are but you can smell it a mile away and it is awesome. The crispy fish tacos are amazing. Order many. And to top it off Management gives good customer service.  Bravo!
5	Ever since Pure closed down in downtown Matthews, I have been searching for a replacement margarita spot.  This may be "the one."  Sadly this corner spot on Kenilworth and East Blvd has been occupied by many bars... and for some reason they seem to go away... maybe it's the parking situation?  Or something else, but I hope Bakersfield is here to stay for a while.I love the space... lots to look at from the interesting wood textures and industrial looking light figures.  The HUGE windows that they can open up to the street and really have a great vibe going on inside.The bar itself occupies the whole middle space of the restaurant and whiskey - though I have not partaken in any yet (I'm still sold on the margaritas) occupies some nice shelf/display space behind the bar.  There are booths and tables... some tables consist of some unique barrels which is a plus.  Definitely adds to the "western" (loosely using the term here) theme.  There are TV's here, but they don't play sports... they play old westerns.  Which is definitely different.Probably the best part of the place (aside from the alcohol) is the food.  Tacos!  They are not your typical taco place, but the food they make here is very yummy - and pretty to look at.  My favorite is the short rib.  Combine that with some margaritas, and you got a great night ahead of  you.  Oh- did I mention that the bar has an old school juicer (handle and all) so they use fresh squeezed limes to make the margaritas!  So good.  Sometimes I do feel for the juicer guy... people (like me) order pitcher upon pitcher and he just keeps squeezing away.  At least he won't have to go to crossfit in the mornings after my friends and I visit. ;)
4	Lovely design and atmosphere. It is very inviting and social. Loved their whiskey selection and the red headed stranger was delicious. Their manhattan was okay until you ate some spicy tacos. The spice really brought out the sweetness and taste in the drink. I recommend getting this if you are eating. I went there with my SO, he had a short rib torta (very tasty) and I had the fish, pastor, and conchinita tacos.. all very good. They had fresh salsa and their queso app is delicious... I want that in and around my mouth, always. This spot has had quite a few failed attempts in the past few years but I feel bakersfield may be able to break that curse. I will be returning.
3	I'm not sure I understand the hype. The staff at the bar is great! They were 100% on point for being VERY busy. The drinks, we just had beers, were good. The queso with chorizo was great.  We waited an hour for a table and decided to order food to go. It arrived quickly,  we paid and left. We were missing a taco (we ordered 8 items and were missing one.... unacceptable.)  Overall? I'd go back for a drink and some queso dip. Not much else.
5	I could not be more happy with the short rib tacos and the fast service! This place reminds me of L.A. All the bartenders are awesome especially Kristen!
2	So. Much. Potential. With a long history in the food service industry, I am always sure to give a restaurant the benefit of the doubt, but Bakersfield has swung very hard, come very close, and missed. I've had a taco before, believe it or not, and this particular taco was certainly above average. The problem here lies with the atmosphere and service. My party placed their orders... Actually... Screamed their orders over the music (which was cranked to 11). When the food finally arrived, it was presented on one large tray and left to us to decipher what was what and whose was whose. I didn't mind the food, but the margarita was pretty weak, and the overall experience lacked polish and enthusiasm.I wish I could say I'll be back, as the restaurant's concept and mission are something I look for in a dining experience. However, the overall experience was a huge letdown... My future Mexican outings will be to Paco's Tacos.
4	After hearing about this place from many different people, I decided to try it out for lunch today. The atmosphere is really loud and modern. I liked it and it was very inviting from the decoration to the dishware. We started with the queso with chorizo. It was so good!! Tacos:Fish- solid fish taco, wish the fish was crispier. Way too much slawShort Rib-PERFECTION. I wish I had gotten all short rib tacos.Pastor- did not care for this one at all. Way too much pineapple that it was overpoweringThe tortillas tasted good. My only real disappointment was the service. Our waitress was really slow to tend to our needs. She didnt come back for a really long time to provide refills or allow us to order. I wish she would have told me lemonade was not free refills when asking if I wanted another one. If I had known  that, I would have gotten a water towards the end of my meal not a $3 lemonade I couldn't finish.
5	Owner was great guy... Place is awesome
4	great guacamole, awesome chips, awesome sauce (not just an expression--i mean, literally!) and decent tacos. i ordered the fish tacos and the al pastor. both were excellent and pretty filling despite their size. this is a fun place to go with friends or on a date with the hubs. my only complaint is that it is a pain trying to find parking off east blvd, and i'm used to to the authentic cheap mexican taco. so $3+ per taco is a splurge for me. i guess it's worth it, because of the atmosphere. maybe...
1	Sadly, I have nothing good to say.  I have been to places with much better food, service and value in Charlotte.  The tacos you receive are about the size of a large cookie and they are $3-$4 EACH...and that does not include any sides.  No beans, no rice.  Nothing.  They are more along the lines of what you get on a dollar taco night somewhere.  They were cold - not that tacos are ever served extremely warm, but these were cold in a not good way.  Unlike any other mexican themed restaurant I have been to, you pay for the chips and salsa.  What I find more confusing, rather than frustrating, is that they GIVE you two bottles of salsa.  But when the chips come to the table, they contain two dishes of the same salsa.  It makes no sense.  Let me get on to the presentation....what you order is served family style.  6 of ordered tacos, some with special requests.  Instead of being served individually, the server points out what is what on the giant pizza tray of tacos.  The special order ones had toothpicks in them.  So there were were, sliding our tacos off the tray and onto our plates.  I could go on, but I just won't go back.  I had a sweet tea and 3 tacos and my total with tip was $18.  THAT IS RIDICULOUS.  Good luck Bakersfield.  You are a rip off in every way.
3	There are a lot of Tex-Mex restaurants opening up in Charlotte for some reason and i have yet to fully enjoy any of them more than I did this place. Most important - Drinks: I had both the Bakersfield Margarita and the Premium Margarita. I didn't find either of them to be amazing but I definitely liked the Bakersfield more than the Premium. The Bakersfield was too bitter and the Premium was too acidic (heart burn at second sip). However, neither of the two were "weak", if you know what i mean. Food: Started off with the Chips and Queso...added the jalapenos, amazing. They have special house made sauces that elevates just about everything to perfection - Well done! The fish taco was really good. It wasn't mushy, it was crispy but i found the soft mini taco to not hold well. The short rib taco was really good and flavorful. Location: The restaurant is aesthetically pleasing, the rustic modern works. I do also appreciate the layout, it works. I also really like the added touch of the two lean up tables behind the bar for those waiting for a table as we did (25 mins on a Tuesday evening, can't imagine a weekend). Service: Everyone was really friendly.I will say, parking is an issue.
2	Perhaps a victim of bad timing just after a trip home to California, the popular taqueria / bar has the interior and service that is buzzworthy, but the food fell flat for me. Let's start with the name - Bakersfield. In the 70s & 80s it and Fresno vied for the unenviable title of the armpit of California. Perhaps it's had a big renaissance and is a hip unknown treasure unbeknownst to me, but even my friends from Central Valley chuckled that we had a restaurant named Bakersfield and thought maybe it was a bad omen. The exterior is super hip with the wood-slat awnings, garage door windows and lack of tacky signage. The interior has a warm cozy feel with lots of unfinished reclaimed wood, Edison bulbs hanging everywhere and a busy stream of patrons.  They really nailed the feel of the place and I hope they stay for a long while in this seemingly cursed spot. Finding parking is not easy when the Valet lot and street parking is full, so hopefully they might strike a deal with another local business to borrow space after hours. The service is impeccable - very very fast food delivery and attentive service.  If you wish, you could get in and out for dinner in 30-40 minutes if you don't have to wait for a table and you're not drinking cerveza out of their adorable boot shaped glasses. But the menu...ugh. First, I've never been to a taqueria that didn't give free chips. C'mon folks. Jack up the cost of each taco by 1 buck and give us free chips already. The prices are reasonable, so just build it in. Second, if you don't want a taco, you are really limited to tostada or 2 different tortas. The sides are also quite limited. We did have the corn chowder which really sticks to the ribs- perhaps the cheesiest, thickest chowder I've ever had. It is fantastic with their chipotle salsa on top. For the main attraction, los tacos, they have 8(ish) different choices- two different chickens (mole & cider braised), pastor (pork & pineapple), two different vegetarian choices, a fish (mahi) and braised short rib.  My choices were really limited because I'm allergic to cilantro, so I had the mole with pickled onions and mahi without the slaw. Hubs had mahi, braised short rib, other chicken and pork. The tortilla are house made. Honestly, none of the tacos sang for us. The short rib was particularly dry, the mole was more acidic than smooth mole-ish like you want it to be, the cider braise was way vinegary, and the pork was fine.  The mahi was the top choice for both of us, though only comes with one fish finger in the middle, so don't expect to fill up on 2. Honestly, Pinky's & Cabo Fish Taco have better more filling choices.   I saved my rant for the end, so feel free to tune out now. [Steps on soapbox] As I said, maybe it was just because two weeks ago I was in the SF Bay Area and had 2 stellar flavorful taco experiences (Tacolicious and Magdaluna), and this just paled in comparison, but I don't think so. If Charlotte wants to be taken seriously as a World-Class city, we better put our big girl pants on and get some world-class cuisine. Smaller Durham and Chapel Hill even seem to be outpacing us. There's no reason why this town can't have a really good taco place or good Chinese place, etc. There's nothing magical about Californian tacos. At this point you can pretty much get every single ingredient here as you can there, so they should be just as good. Tex mex places especially have gotten lazy (hear me, Picante, Vida and Maverick Rock Taco??) and think if you put any crap in a shell people will like it or eat it.  Maybe it's that most of these places don't have that Mexican heritage? I'm trying to reach for a good reason. And no, I'm not a haughty Californian- I've now been in Charlotte longer than the Bay Area, so I'm rooting for Charlotte to get better. Sometimes we all need a kick in the pants. So, Bakersfield, sorry for the tangent, but if you want to get serious about having good food in addition to a cool bar, recruit the guy from Burrito Factory to come in to help you with your menu/sauces. Until then, we won't be back.
4	Loved the chips & guac. Chips were warm, which was a pleasant surprise. I tried a Rose sangria. Sounded yummy but it was a little too sweet for my taste and didn't have enough taste of alcohol. Tacos were decent as well.
3	I liked this place!!  I love the atmosphere and I think it is great to have a tex-mex trendy but affordable spot added to the Dilworth restaurant scene. Parking is a PAIN.  Best bet is to valet across the way.  They definitely need to figure out the parking situation because I would imagine it deters people from dining there.  We were here on a cold Monday night and it was still pretty packed so they will hopefully figure out a way to accommodate their customers.The service was so-so.  Our waitress wasn't able to really recommend anything because she doesn't eat corn so therefore had not tried any of the tacos.  That was a little annoying but it happens.  She was just a little bla for this hyped up restaurant but again, it happens.We ordered the guacamole and I found it to be wonderful!  It was chunky, great flavor and consistency.  My only complaint is that it was too small of a portion!  4 of us wolfed that thing down in minutes.  Can I also just say I hate that they don't just offer free chips and salsa?  Why?  Seriously why not?  They do put two bottles of salsa on the table for you to add to your tacos so we basically ate the whole bottle by dumping the salsa on chips.  Yay us!!  We figured out a way to have free chips and salsa! ha!The avocado green salsa was very very good!!  The other one was smoky and hot and just so-so.  We all ordered tacos and I thought they were pretty decent!  The chicken on the chicken roja was tender and full of flavor.  It was nicely complimented by the cilantro cream sauce and queso.  It all blended quite well.  We all enjoyed our tacos very much.The wine we had was okay--not a great selection but I'm sure that isn't what they are known for.  It was my sister's birthday and they offered a free shot of tequila which was pretty funny.  No dessert menu which I hate because I need dessert at all times.  Quick fix?  Head to Menchies down the street.  I'm sure they appreciate the business!  Overall I like this place.  I think it has a great vibe, decent food, so-so service and terrible parking.  It is what it is.
4	Bakersfield is one of those unique restaurants that you want to show off to all your friends and family. Such a great concept with small and healthier mexican dishes! Pros: queso (add chorizo and beans); guacamole, salsa, CHICKEN CHORIZO TOSTADA; premium margaritaCons: parking can be an issue, but if you figure out the valet guys across the street it's actually very simple; no reservations so be patient and enjoy the atmosphere; house margaritas could be better as could their wine list.Overall their food and atmosphere gives this place an easy 4-star! You'll find yourself craving everything on the menu!!
5	I went on Sunday around 8:20 am and it was already packed. Hearty portions of everything from coffee. The q says is spicy, it really is. Waitress very efficient Olga! Ask Sizzling 'Skillets. Cliques of eggs, cheese, chopped potatoes. Very nice!
3	This place has a cool vibe to it. So it fits in the with the south end. Young good looking staff.  Now for the food. Most, if not all items are "a la carte". My family is currently obsessed with tacos "al pastor". The tacos are $3 each and 3 filled up my 18 year old son. Not cheap, but what is anymore! I had a bite, and I thought they were good, not great. The bits of pineapple were a nice touch. I had a short rib torta, which I thought was delicious. The margaritas were nice and strong. All in all, if you want some descent California style Mexican food and are leery of going into an authentic taqueria because of the language barrier, try Bakersfield east.
5	Have been here several times and everything each time has been great. The bartenders do a nice job keeping up. Was there last night, a Friday, and we got there just before the rush--about 615. They do a great job making fresh margaritas and definitely recommend a pitcher if we a groups of 3-4. They have a nice tequila selection (would love it even more if you would stock Ocho Tequila) and appear to have a good bourbon selection. The guacamole is really good along with the sauces. I have now tried all of the tacos--favs are the braised beef and the mole tacos. The others are great too--full of flavor!  Typically very fast but I think they lost our order last night as it took a while and the manager came to apologize. Not a big deal as they were slammed. Not sure if they have improved the parking situation or not, we parked at the Teeter. Valet was full when we walked by.
5	Love this little gem!!! If only I lived in Charlotte!! I was visiting from Arizona over Christmas and I took my daughter and 2 year old grandson there for dinner!!!  The whole staff was welcoming and friendly!! Our server Cece is a doll!!! She was very pleasant and helpful when it came to recommending items from the menu!!  We loved each and everyone of them!  My favorite was the Chicken & Chorizo Tostada!! The guac is to die for!!! My Grandson was eating it with a spoon and wanted seconds ;) Overall, a pleasurable dining experience!!! I definitely will be making that a must the next time I'm in Charlotte!!!!
5	The service, Margaritas and Tacos are all amazing!! Dilworth definitely needed a place like this!
