3	You're killing me jimmy. I hate giving poor reviews but you leave me no choice. Not only did it take 53 min for you to deliver my sub but you also forgot to remove the lettuce as I requested. :-( I believe in second chances. Let's work on this! Now for the sub itself. Absolutely delicious! And definitely satisfying!  Tastes fresh :-)
5	Always fast and consistently good. Plus they always remember my order. They are really friendly as well. The managers are wonderful.
5	They're consistently fast on delivery. The longest I've waited was 15 minutes, now that's freaky fast! Haha sorry I couldn't resist. I always get their beach house, never disappointed. And even though you order online you can request cuts on your sandwich, extra toppings and drinks.
3	How does a sandwich shop only have one choice of cheese? They are great for when you don't want to leave the office and you can have them just deliver. But for the price, there are way better options in the area. I have tried a few different sandwiches there, and they all kinda taste the same.
2	Good subs but out of four delivery requests, two were performed within 10 minutes, one was right at 20 minutes and the last one took 35 minutes!! I can't be critical of the drivers as they did their very best, but I am very critical of this particular Jimmy John's management as they should make sure that an adequate number of drivers are available. (BTW, this JJ location is 0.7 mile from the requested destination location.) The two unacceptably late deliveries occurred approximately five weeks apart so these miscues cannot be blamed on a single unusual event. Freaky fast, my butt!!!
1	Incompetent service? Check! Overworked employees while other employees stand around? Check! Giving you a screwed up order? Check! If you love having your time wasted, then by all means frequent this location as much as possible! If you want good, competent service and accurate orders, visit the many other JJ's in the area.After attempting to send a complaint through JJ's main website, I received an error message (more time wasted!) and my complaint couldn't go through. How convenient for an error message to pop up when filing a complaint!JJ's food is OK....I consider them ok sandwiches for when your too lazy/busy to drive out and grab lunch (even though they seriously skimp on ingredients!)...I can seriously live without it and will do just that. My office usually orders delivery from them about 3-4 times a month but I told them if they want JJ's in the future, to go order it themselves as I'm done with them. Too many other sandwich places out there to waste my time with JJ's.
