1	Had to deal with Walker Towing as our insurance company is a partner. Really bad customer service. We had to call multiple times over a week for a receipt and each time the person on the phone was very very rude and actually hung up on us!! We had to be thick-skinned and persistent as we needed work done, kept our cool in spite of all the "tantrums" we were subject to. Have asked our insurance company to look for a better partner. Last people you want to deal with especially during the stress of being in an accident; which ironically is usually the only time when a towing company is contacted!
5	I was very impress for service, My insurance company booked for me to Walker Towing. Schedule for pick up my car was 8am, they called me 7:10am for confirm and driver ( Karl ) came over 7:40am. Karl was very carefully pick up my car. Such a professional job he did.I really appreciate it. Thank you Karl and Walker Towing.
5	Motorhome Tow.We are a RV dealer in California. While trying to deliver a diesel pusher to a customer in Las Vegas when we encountered mechanical trouble and needed a tow. It took them a while to round up the driver and the big truck, but they came through for us big time, and that's what really matters. If we ever need a tow in the Vegas area, or know of someone who does, they are definitely our new go-to company.Also, when you are in this situation, you are prepared to get taken to the cleaners. They were very fair on their tow rate as well, even at 10:00 pm. Very nice doing business with you. We truely appreciate it.Kirk - ConejoRV.com
3	I scheduled a pickup from a dealership for my wife's car. Dispatch called to tell us the driver would not be able to make the scheduled pickup because Henderson Police had dispatched them. They offered to just pickup and deliver. I opted to wait for them. They showed up at their rescheduled time and everything else was smooth. They were fast and efficient and overall they had the best rate. I will definitely call them in the future with all my towing needs.
1	Never have used them and never will.  Just had one of their drivers fly up the rear of my car on a 40 mph speed zone in a residential area with cross walks heading East bound on Warm Springs before Green Valley.  The guy had the nerve to flip his lights...even though I was over the speed limit, so I flipped him the bird back.  He proceeded to pull up to the light next to me and yell and point.  Thats always fun when you have two small kids in the car.  I didn't see a number on the truck to identify him with but it was a redneck looking guy, maybe 40s, with a bad mustache.  This was about 5:20 on 11/30/13 so I am sure you can track down who it was.  Too bad the cops were not there to see how well this gentleman was representing Walker Towing.
1	Worst customer service ever. Rude, condescending, and lacking in basic communication skills.
1	Called my insurance company to have my dodge magnum rt towed to my mechanic shop for repairs. First the company said they'd be here at 10:30 showed up an hour later. I requested to have a flat bed tow my car , as I have front side impact damage. Tow truck driver shows up , in a normal tow truck. I call walker company speak to Tim who was extremely rude. He told me he would not provide me with a flatbed and told me to find another tow company. The tow truck driver was nice .. And said himself , if a customer wants a flatbed , then they should get a flatbed. Tim is extremely rude very unprofessional and probably shouldn't be in customer service.
