3	My cousins and I went on the 2nd day that this restaurant was opened for.  We originally had reservations for the new Michael Mina's American Fish restaurant but the kitchen was having problem and ask us if we wouldn't mind trying out Julian Serrano instead & offered a free appetizer.  We decided to try it.We arrived and they couldn't find our reservations.  However, they sat us since it was only 6pm.  The service was great if you arrive early.  Our server gave us a warning about the paella dish taking 35 mins to make so we ordered it as soon as he said it.  All our food was amazing, especially the spinach, mushroom soup, and scallop.  Everything was great so far, but staff became less attentive when 7pm came.  We finished all our dishes and the paella was still nowhere to be seen.  By now it had been 45 mins since we ordered.  We saw 3 come out but all going to a different table.  2 going to tables who were sat at least 20 mins after us.  We informed our server and he checked and coming back saying they were having trouble with the rice and itshould be out in a bit.  15 mins passed and still nothing.  By now, we've been sitting without food for 30 mins.  Finally it came at 7:40pm.  We were all so excited until we took a bite.  The rice was not done!  We told our waiter and he had a manager come over.  He explained to is that they cook the paella al dente and there should be a bite to it.  We explained that we understood what al dente was and this is simply not cooked and is not al dente.  He took our whole dish away and never returned.  Another server came by and we explained that our paella was not cook and that was why we were not eating off our plate so he took them away and said he would look into it.  No one came out and we asked for our check.  They did not take the plate off our bill and they didn't inform us or showed that they were taking any action to correct this.  The chef finally came out after we paid the bill and said that this is the way they cook their paella and was sorry that we didn't like it.  And said he could have another made, but we were no longer in the mmod and did not want to wait for another 35 mins.  It was 8:00pm already.  I believed they forgot or messed up our order and that was why we waited so long.  And they rushed to get the plate to us so it was not cooked.  And they didn't believe us and said we were wrong to think it was undercooked.  The dished cost $90 for 4 and we expected better service and quality from a place like this.  I would give the restaurant some time to perfect their craft before coming here again.  We were better off taking chances with Michael Mina kitchen problem instead.  At least we would have known what we were getting into.PS I was so upset I had to write a review with my iPhone.  Please excuse the typos.  I will correct it as soon as I get a hold of a regular keyboard.
5	If anyone gives this less than five stars, you better have a really good reason.Came here with a large group, roughly 11 people. Tapas is difficult with more than 3 of 4 people, but Julian Serrano's staff made it work.The cocktails are out of this world. Most of the specialty cocktails are $14; I had a gin and apple liquor mix, along with the red sangria, white sangria. Gorgeous.The wait staff made recommendations for the large group, nobody left hungry, everything looked unbelievably good. I had eaten beforehand - didn't know I was joining for dinner - but I tried a couple of things. The things I tasted were unreal delicious, the prices were fair. I think we spent $1050 for 11 people, including drinks and gratuity.The group I went with - major foodies - all left extremely happy, full, and raving about it. I left drunk, just as happy, and can't wait to go back. Julian Serrano himself - the namesake of the restaurant - was sauntering around the place all night making sure everybody was taken care of.Top class, top taste, reasonable prices. Five stars.
5	Tapas, oh how I love you. Julian Serrano is the best Tapas restaurant in Las Vegas and easily the best tapas I've ever had. Located inside the Aria hotel, its location is near the lobby and just has a half wall separating you from the hordes of people gawking at the beautifully decorated restaurant. This really wasn't detracting, but be prepared for a few flash bulbs in your general direction. It really isn't all that noisy, though, considering its location. Our waiter was great and made our experience perfect. I highly recommend the shrimp cheviche. It's well balanced and the fattiness of the avocado is perfect with the citrus-y shrimp. The plain sounded "Beef and Cheese" was a favorite of ours- tender as butter beef tenderloin slathered in beef demi glaise and walnuts with melted brie over toast. Wow. It was perfection. Each dish we sampled was beautiful to the eye and delicious. Our waiter recommended 3-4 dishes a piece which was just right. We had 6 tapas plates and 3 drinks which set us back $102 before tip. Well worth it. I tried both sangrias- the red is definitely better than the white which too watery for me. I plan to go back for more next time I'm in Las Vegas.
4	The best meal of my life was at Picasso (Julian Serrano's fine dining establishment at the Bellagio), so I had very high expectations for his restaurant at Aria. I was pleasantly surprised to see him offering a tapas menu here, which makes his cuisine more affordable, in a casual space that opens onto the main lobby area.  Where the food was concerned, Serrano lived up to all my expectations. Four of us shared four dishes as a light lunch - the chicken croquetas, wild mushroom risotto, ahi tuna tempura, and fried calamari - and all were terrific. I just love love love tapas, being able to try a little bit of a lot of dishes, and Serrano's are some of the best I've had (next to Jose Andres's dishes at The Bazaar, in LA). Service was a bit spotty, but I'll cut them some slack since it was only day 4. I'm thrilled to see Chef Serrano offering his immense talent in a more casual, moderately-priced restaurant. It's no Picasso, but for being the "next best thing," it's pretty darn wonderful.
1	I have MULTIPLE reasons why this place deserves waaay less than 5 stars.  I wanted to check out the new City Center, so on our way out of Vegas we head over- holy moly, this place is huge!  As we're walking around and trying desperately to find a place to eat, I spot Julian Serrano.  Tapas?  Yum!  So we try it out... (one of my many bad decisions in Vegas...)It was around 12-1ish (lunchtime), and there weren't too many people seated, but they gave us a table front and center of the entrance.  Not a problem, but that table was rockier than a mountainside!  I told the hostess about the problem, and she quickly alerted the manager, and he came to fix it... with paper... while we were just sitting there.  After a minute or so to no avail, I exasperatingly asked if we could just be moved.  Geez, no brainer, people!!!!!!  NEXT PROBLEM!  Our waitress was slower than molasses.  Took forever to order, forever to get our drinks, her attention, etc... it was a nightmare (maybe her first stint at waitressing? Her shaky hands couldn't even fill our waters without spillage all over the table)!  Since the area was open space, and it's right next to the entrance/exit to the mall (or maybe the A/C was on waaay too high), but it was FREEZING, which quickly rendered our food cold.  I was a Marisa-sicle and just wanted to get the heck out of there.  Only brightside was that the food was good, but def not worth all of the issues.  By the time I finally found our waitress and asked for our bill (and waited foreverrrrrrr for her to get it to us), we find that she billed us incorrectly.  FOREVER minutes later, her manager finally hands us our corrected bill.  By the end of our lunch I was completely unhappy and cold.  SADFACE.
2	The food just was not good.  The lobster was chewy and tasteless paired with the worst pieces of pineapple I've ever tasted.  The gambas were meh.  The chicken just wasn't that great.  The pan de machego was okay but how hard is that too mess up?The portions are super small forcing you to buy many and the prices are not cheap but I didn't expect them to be considering the location.  Service was def okay but like I said to begin with, the food just was not good.
4	Tapas eating is just the way to go when you want to dry different plates...We had:*Brava Potatoes - We would have it again.*Flat iron steak - We would have this again.*15 year old Serrano ham - Nice touch with the toasted bread with the ham.*Shrimp ceviche - Ceviche is always good.*Mixed Paella - Good, but wished there was more crust/crunch to the top of it.*Flan - Delish with a strawberry topping.*Spanish creme brulee - Wish I had the flan instead.*White Sangria - Non-stop.Vegas has so many good restaurants.  Perfect place for Christmas because nothing is ever closed.
2	I make around 4-5 trips to Vegas a year from LA. I have been to many of Las Vegas' newest and finest. This establishment falls very short.After placing our drink order, our first waiter disappeared. The staff finally caught on, and our "new" waiter stepped in to finally take our order. To our surprise, this young waiter condescendingly insisted on explaining to us how tapas works so we "don't have any questions later."Allow me to stress how underwhelming the food was once it finally arrived. What's even more laughable is the one dish the staff recommended was by far the most mediocre (lobster on a skewer that was overpowered by a slice of pineapple). When it came to dessert, we came to a decision quite quickly. Once again, ignored by the staff for nearly 20 minutes we opted to take the check. When it comes to tapas, Julian Serrano was one of the most disappointing experiences I've ever had. The absurdly rude and neglectful staff made this experience completely inexcusable.
2	Went here with yelper Evan T so this review might seem redundant, but seriously WTF?Yes, this place had been open for a mere week before we choose it as our dining destination, but if your gonna open up in Vegas, you better have your shit together. There are tons of casinos/hotels/restaurants doing things the right way, just copy and paste. JS failed to do that.Three hungry dudes and tapas should have been a perfect match right? Wrong. The food was extremely forgettable, with the worst item being the one recommended to us by our server, the overcooked lobster with canned pineapple skewer.As unmemorable as the food was, the service is not something I will forget. I am convinced we either never saw our waiter or he wasnt working that night, as the gentleman who we kept having to flag down was gracious enough to take our orders but had to keep reminding us that he was not our waiter. 20 minutes after being presented with dessert menus someone returned to ask us what we would like. "20 minutes ago we wanted dessert, now we just want the check."Perhaps this place will work out the kinks over time, but ill let you figure that out since plan never to return.
4	Oh Boo Hoo eating well in Las Vegas is expensive. Once you get over the sticker shock at every nice restaurant on the Strip it's time to start eating!On our first night a friend of mine who lives in Vegas wanted to show us Aria since it just opened last week. Visually, Aria has, in my opinion, the most beautiful casino on the strip. And inside Aria is where Julian Serrano is.First off I love the decor and the chairs, which look 70s modern are really comfortable. Usually I'm more of a plain chair to eat dude, but these were something special.I looked at the beer list at the back of the wine list and also a beer list on the main menu and they were different. Very strange. They didn't have Weihenstephaner like one menu indicated, but Fat Tire was fine. You'll find FT everywhere in Vegas.The food:~Dates with almond centers: Good. Weird spicy red sauce to go with them actually melded well with the dates.~Chicken croquetas: Loved these. Not sure what part was chicken but they were creamy crispy goddesses i'd eat way more of.~Seared scallops with a peanut sauce: $12 for one scallop. Ouch. But!, it was really awesome. Barely cooked. Some people might not like that but I did. Probably would pass next time because of the high price and small size.~Flat Calamari (not fried): The most interesting thing I ate in Vegas! I love calamari, but have never had this part of the squid. There were little baby one which you'll see most places, but then they had what look liked the ends of the tentacles. Not sure what part it was but they were fantastic! A must get for the adventurous eater!This was my 2nd favorite meal in Vegas. I definitely recommend it. Go with a lot of people to try everything on the menu.
4	We only sat at the bar and had a couple plates before going to see a show, but I was really pleased with the experience.The bartender was very friendly and attentive.  He was very knowledgeable about tequila. The white sangria was delicious and fruity without being overly sweet.The pan con manchego was absolutely perfect - great country bread, just the right amount of garlic and tomato, and very high quality manchego and olive oil. It was very satisfying.  The bartender recommended the wrinkled potatoes, which were deliciously salty boiled new potatoes with a delightful spicy dipping sauce.  The sauce was very flavourful and had the right amount of kick.Prices were very reasonable and portions were adequate, given that its a tapas place.  Please run around $6-$8 for the lighter fare, and paella closer to $15 (I think) . Tons of great veggie options, which is rare in Vegas.I'll definitely go back for a full meal in the future.
2	I'd love to attribute the awful service to the fact that the restaurant had only been open 10 days, but some things are just inexcusable. We experienced the unfortunate combination of a condescending (yes, I know what tapas-style means for the third time) and nonexistent waitstaff. One guy was trying to cover for the fact the our assigned waiter was a total flake, but the whole place seemed to be flustered and did not seem to care about the 3 young dudes with Yelp accounts that were actually excited to eat this meal. Maybe we weren't gonna drop a large amount of dough on multiple rounds of cocktails, or order the overpriced paellas that I witnessed them misplace on multiple other tables, but please show us the same respect and attention you gave these other Las Vegas tourists. Well you didn't and I came away remembering a lot less about the food than I would've, which is a damn shame because I am pretty sure I ate some pretty good stuff while I was there. For a hotel that has multiple fine dining options, go somewhere else where you can hopefully find service that is up to par with the food and price.
1	what a rip-off! everything is small portion and overprice. dinner for us 2 wa 190.00 without alcohol. the decoration was beautiful and surrounded by large crowd of golddiggers.
1	holy shit this place was bad. i dont mind the weird service since i think all the aria stuff is new...like our server asked us about dessert at dish 2 of 5. huh? but good god, the food! i am a walking garbage disposal. i will eat things even if they are bad or spoiling. :P but we had the tempura ahi and we each took one bite of the 2 pieces and stopped. 2 pieces of old-tasting ahi and i could not finish it. u know why??? cuz i had to eat the entire plate of bad octopus. chewy, salty, smelly octopus. there's more bad stuff but i dont like writing novels...
5	First of all, Julian Serrano is one of the best chefs in the world - period.  You probably haven't had the pleasure of eating at Picasso at the Bellagio because it's so expensive (and worth every penny), but now you can enjoy the chef's great taste at less of a price at his new namesake restaurant at Aria.  You can tell that each one of the tapas and paella dishes are made with care and each morsel is delicious.  My family and I went for a taste and we couldn't stop ordering!  The sangria is great, too, but watch out - it can hit you.  The restaurant is also beautiful with glass pieces on the floor to ceiling shelves, gold detailing and rich colors.  Stay for a bite or stay for a while - you're sure to have a great time.
3	Being the food-crazed person that I am, I perused the menu extensively before making reservations for my husband and I for NYE. We even half way picked out what we were going to have before arriving (yup, I'm food obsessed). I was beyond psyched to try the lobster/pineapple and ahi tuna/raspberry. Drink orders were taken after 20 minutes. Drink orders were forgotten. Service was pretty damn bad in general. Also I did experience the issue the other person faced where they kept asking about dessert after 10 minutes with our first course (WTF)? These things I can forgive them for, given it's a new place. The guy finally takes our food order, and after taking the order says "well we're out of lobster, tuna, and scallops". WTF. It's 5:30, we're literally one of the first diners of the evening. He doesn't offer an explanation (mb the supplier flaked?), or an apology. Just "we're out of half the menu" essentially. I'm more than a little irritated, as these were the items I was most excited about. Why 3 stars? The food we did try was really good. *Risotto with mushrooms and manchego: Tiny (it's tapas), but DAMN Good. I was scraping the plate. *Beef with brie: Note, this has honey and nuts all over it. I found it scrumptious, but mb the idea of a honey covered steak doesn't appeal to everyone!*Mini Chorizo over garlic potatoes: yup as good as it sounds*Garlic shrimp: Boring. This was a sad substitute for my lobster I wanted.. grrr*Spanish creme brulee - HUGE and quite good*White Sangria - packs a punch.. there might be 2 hours of NYE that I can't remember and I blame this sangria!Overall it has major potential, but my first dinner here was a bit of a disappointment. I'm excited we have a high-end tapas place finally, so I'll definitely be back to give it another shot but I'll probably give them a few months to get the kinks worked out.
4	The only other restaurant in the Aria Casino that opens for lunch besides their cafe and buffet place. Julian Serrano serves great tapas items. And with Tapas, each dish is smaller but cheaper, anywhere from $8-$20 per plate. If you are not that hungry or usually don't eat too much, you can spend $30 and be quite full. Recommended dish: flat iron steak (super tasty and moist), dates stuffed with goat cheese wrapped in bacon (4 pieces per serving), fried calamari (great aioli sauce), and to indulge, order the mix paela (comes with a whole lobster) for $45. The menu says it is for 2 people, but  should be enough for 4 people unless that is the only dish you ordered.
5	Serrano is an excellent choice in Vegas.  I would even pay more for it given the quality of the food.  My boyfriend and I liked it so much that after eating dinner there, we ate lunch there the next day.  There are not many nice lunch options in the Aria and therefore lunch is definitely more packed than dinner.  For better or for worse, Serrano is near the entrance of Aria and therefore in a busy section. Food comes over quickly so if you need to get to a show quickly or get your gambling on Serrano is a good bet.Service was friendly and efficient.Sangria was decent, but the real star is the great food. In general, I liked the traditional tapas more than the new tapas.We particularly liked:Stuffed peppers with goat cheese: Ok this is the real reason we came back again. A must try. Just perfect.Chicken croquetas: These were excellent. Crispy on the outside and creamy inside. Melts in your mouth delicious. Dates with almond: Good stuff. Comes with bacon and spicy sauce. But really everything with dates is good.Tuna Tiradito-smooth like butterOctopus: Nice texture and flavoring. Large portion for tapas.Wrinkled potatoes: Simple, but addictive with great spicy pepper sauce.Beef with brie: Good, but not the best thing on menu. Garlic shrimp: Comes to the table sizzling. Very good, but I've been spoiled by some places in NY.Avocado and salmon "new" tapas: nice texture and presentation.Lobster/pineapple skewer: Surprisingly good combo.Ahi Tuna/raspberry skewer: I like this, but the beautiful raspberries overpower the tuna.Crema catalana -Huge portion. I thought it was for 2 people. Spanish version of creme brulee, but better with more zest.Pricing here is quite reasonable...which means you can go there twice!
1	Went there on 1/8/09 for lunch. I thought I was in for a big surprise and what it turned out to be was a big nightmare. Service was good but the food was awful. Ordered all the ceviches and out of the 5 only two were good. The other 3 smelled like rotten fish and tasted horrible. Also ordered the Paella Marinera. Wow what a disappointment! No flavor what so ever. Downright tasteless. Would not go there ever again.
2	Went to Julian Serrano the Friday after New Year's Eve. Had many menu items- green apple salad, chorizo, dates, calamari, ahi tuna, and the pasta paella just to name a few. The food was tolerable, I definitely will not go back.  I was given complimentary Spanish lessons in the bathroom but had to beg to have my water refilled. The ambiance was wonderful (although no one could figure out how to put on the Lakers game...?).
3	Went here Dec 31 last year for lunch. The place was extremely crowded, and it was very hard to get a table without any reservation. Bar seats are available on first-come first-serve basis. We were lucky to get our seats at the bar within 20 minutes. After we got the seats, it took us another 15 minutes before a waiter came to approach us. Slow service, but it could be because the place was so totally new and disorganized.We order 4 dishes and sangrias. Grilled baby squids, charcutterie platter, spanish omellete (or pizza?), and mushroom risotto.Grilled baby squids tastes fresh and well seasoned. The portion is a bit small. (B+)Spanish omellete is very good. Tasty and the portion is decent. (A-)Charcutterie is overrated and overpriced for the price that is charged. The meat is sliced so paper thin and the ham is dry that I barely can taste what it is supposed to be like. The chorizo is the only salvation in this dish. (B-)Mushroom risotto is quite good, but again, the portion is pretty small. (B)Sangria is good, but a bit on the pricier side. (B)Service is B because although it is slow, our waiter is quite friendly and attentive after he notices us.Hence, I can only give 3 stars for this restaurant.
4	Julian Serrano is an upscale tapas bar that is wonderful. Food is pretty traditional but the presentation takes it to the next level.  Portions are pretty small even for tapas but worth the money.  Standouts included the chicken croquetas, the shrimp ceviche, and squid.  One or two items i felt were a tad short of salt but were still good.  Service was great as well.
2	stopped in for lunch last week.  service was terrible!!!the server wasnt able to answer basic questions about the food,  he actually gave wrong answers that lead us to order certain things, that then came out as something not expected,  he didnt even offer to take it away for something else since he screwed up!when the food was delivered it was just dropped at the table, no explanation at all of what it was. they have alot of work ahead, kind of sad, seeing the manager is the old GM from Alex at wynn!the food was decent, but not great,  there were highs and lows. we had close to 20 small plates for the group of us, and most was mediochre,  the patatas bravas were the best thing we had.bill came to 250 plus tip for lunch, with no wine/alcohol,  just food and couple of iced teas.i would go back in a few months to see if its worked out but otherwise not worth it!!
4	We stopped by for a quick bite for lunch and sat at the bar.We started off with the sangrias and decided to go with the little ham charcuterie plate.The sangrias are DELICIOUS. They gave us a little sample of each so we could decide which one to get.. but they were both so good that we decided to get one of each. The charcuterie plate was wonderful too. It came with toasted bread, the delicious thinly sliced ham and a lovely tomato olive oil puree-type dipping sauce. The flavors were just right.Also loved the decor...Looking forward to coming here again to try their croquettes, etc. :)
3	i had no qualms with service, but i swear the food standards in vegas must be plummeting. the tapas had potential to be good...but that just wasn't enough. there just wasn't anything memorable about the food--taste, modern twist, nothing. :(
5	This is one of the very best Spanish restaurants we have ever eaten in anywhere in the United States, and certainly rates with some of the better places we've been to in Spain!  We went for dinner (tapas), and everything was phenomenal!  The stuffed dates are so tasty (sweet, crunchy, and salty all at the same time ... and fried to boot!), the fried piquillo peppers were just sooooo good, we wolfed down the whole plate!  The bacalao croquettes (a special) were the most airy and tasty we've had in years, and the deconstructed mediterranean seafood stew was absolutely sublime!  And of course, the Pata Negra Jamon Iberico - well, if you know Pata Negra, enough said!   Pair all that with an outstanding bottle of Alion Ribera del Duero and you have the makings of one fantastic dinner! Our only dings: the coco chorizo was a disappointment, and they didn't serve bread on the table.  But, hey, who bats 1000?The service was very good, eventhough it was quite busy, and our sommelier was especially helpful and friendly.If you like Spanish food (heck, if you like food), do yourself a favor and visit Julian Serrano ... but be sure to have your credit card ready!
4	Came her with a business partner on a recent trip.  The lamb chop was delicious - specifically the aioli sauce they put with it!  I also got the potatoes with an aioli sauce.  It was also good but the sauce they put on the lamb chop was better.My business partner loved the beef and cheese dish.  The service was very friendly and quick and the atmosphere was very calming.  The sangria was just ok but I was impressed that they had white and red sangria. Dessert is a must try!  We shared the rice pudding and it was the most unique rice pudding I have ever had.  I would definitely come back.The only downside is that the prices are kind of sttep but that's expected in Vegas.
5	Me and some girls from the wedding party came in for lunch and since I wanted to watch football, we sat at the bar.  I try to read some of the other reviews prior to adding my own - we had no issues with service but I think that is often the case at the bar. I can't remember the girls name but she was a doll.  Yes, she reminded us what tapas are / portion size and that items just come out when ready.  I had to search around for a website with a menu because I cannot for the life of me recall what we ate other than pure goodness.  I think this guy did a GREAT post with pics and the menu...you might wanna check this out before going.  I didn't pick this place so I had no idea what to expect.  I'm ok with that, but some people are NOT.  http://www.kevineats.com/2009/12/julian-serrano-las-vegas-nv.htm There were three of us and we ordered*white ceviche yum *scallop ceviche - good but I could have skipped*ahi tuna tempura - Yes! Good size piece of ahi. *tuna-raspberry skewer - looked pretty, tasted good*cheese platter - cheese is my FAVORITE food...but it was just cheese, skip if you need the room. Go for it, if you're nervous about new foods*stuffed piquillo peppers - heaven!! Red pepper with goat cheese? I could have seriously  had minimum 4 orders of this item!*pan manchego - this was GREAT - really bad sounding description but the "fresh tomato sauce" was more chunky tomato than sauce and it was the perfect amount of wetness on the bread...like soggy but not gross soggy, perfect. Just get it...it's awesome*beef and cheese - good.We did have cocktails but since we were at the bar I saw they had a great selection of spirits.  We did get two desserts the server recommended....I didn't think they were fabulous but the meal was so good I didn't mind.  Skip dessert and get the gelato in Aria.We discussed going back, the meal was that good.  It is definitely not cheap. It was worth it! Check this place out - sit at the bar!
3	I think this could have been closer to 3.5 but I rounded down...it just seemed appropriate given our experience there.Hubby and I stopped by their first weekend open and in what I hope are just growing pains (and they better grow fast), we had a pretty unimpressive experience.We wanted a snack so we dropped in during their "snack" hour (2pm to 5pm?).  From the distance, we noted a few people get a table but we also saw that it wasn't busy at all so we excitedly rushed over.  Little did we know frustration and disappointment would ensue.  First thing we were told was that there was to be no seating at the tables.  Only bar and that's first come first serve.  The hostess was a non-nonsense (read: not nice) Eastern European lady who couldn't give a rat's ass if we ate there or not. Well, as luck would have it, there was no available bar seating.  Mean Hostess went away and thankfully a nicer (but no less helpful one) came by.  She ran to the other side of the restaurant and came back saying that they were "cleaning off a table for us" and would be ready momentarily.  Really?  Because Mean Hostess just told us there's no table seating, I thought.  Flash forward 10 minutes - there was no cleaning activity of any kind.  Lies!!  Nice Hostess had disappeared and Mean Hostess was back.After waiting about 10 more minutes, some people finally got up and left so we ran over to the bar.  Nice Hostess was standing by to direct us to the seats that WE FOUND OURSELVES.  Yeah, where's our "table"? lady?  We were sorely mistaken that service would pick up as soon as we were seated.  Silly us.  We finally got our drink orders in but shame on us for not putting in our food order along with it because...well, we should have.  It took a while longer.  Hubby went with a diet coke and I went with their white sangria which could have been fresher.One look at the menu and I could see that the experience would be (should be) similar to that of eating at The Bazaar in Los Angeles.  Except...they were "out" of the first three things I tried to order.  The deconstructed seafood stew was just basically seafood spread out on a fancy plate.  The most memorable dish I would have to say was the cheese platter, three Spanish cheeses served with quince paste and some over-charred bread.I have to say that usually I could get over a long wait or frustrating seating experience if the food is worth it.  It wasn't...and hubby and I left Julian Serrano $80 poorer for a not-great snack.  Maybe we'll go back when the Yelp rating is at least 4 stars.Here's the final jab in our heart...as we left, they were seating a couple at a table rather than making them wait forever for a bar seat.
5	We came for a late dinner on a Thursday night and were blown away.  Everything we had was amazing and the prices were really not that bad (at least for a fancy dinner in Vegas).  Total came to just over $100 for two people with one cocktail each.  We shared six plates and that was a decent amount of food.  Our favorites were the grilled flat calamari, chicken croquetas, creamy risotto, and the spanish cheese plate.  One of the best meals I've had in a long time!
3	Nice contemporary setting that is classy but also casual feeling since it's very open and there's a lot of foot traffic passing by.  Items I enjoyed in no particular order: codfish fritters, scallop ceviche, and huevas estrellados (greasy goodness, perfect hangover food!). A few I did not: wrinkled potatoes (various pieces were undercooked), stuffed dates, and sangria that was severely watered down and therefore seemed like a poor value.Also had the pata negra.  At $30 for a serving size less than a ghetto Carl Buddig pack (mmm Carl Buddig), I expected to have some sort of culinary revelation.  Instead it was tasty but I have to say I was underwhelmed.  But maybe I just don't know how to enjoy pata negra. I'm not going to pass judgment though on this particular pata negra until I have the chance to try it elswhere.  Overall, a good meal with some highs and lows. Reasonably priced by vegas standards.  They haven't even been open a month and it's likely they will improve.  I'd consider it a 3.5* with potential.  I'm eager  to come back and give it another shot down the road.
2	Highly anticipated (by me), rather disappointed in execution.I need to stop falling for the chicken croquettes! They are NOT the same as what you get in Spain.  Bland and not cheezy.  They were identical to the ones I had at Bazaar in LA.The best dish was their risotto with mushrooms and manchego.  The calamari dish (small whole squid) was juicy and tender.The deconstructed seafood stew, lobster skewers with pinapple and the coco chorizo were all severely disappointing - really unmemorable, boring items.
4	Took employee, her husband and a business associate with me on Friday night.  Vegas is clearly still hurting as I called and was told no reservations were necessary.  We were seated when we arrived.  The food was good - definitely on the small side in terms of proportions but they had a nice variety of spanish food including a version of something I've never seen outside of Spain called Huevos Estrellados.  In Madrid they have Huevos Rotos which is over-easy eggs on top of potato chips with serrano jamon in the mix.  This used french fries instead but it was a tasty throw-back.  I'm not a seafood eater but enjoyed sampling some of the seafood dishes including the calamari and the scallops.  Pork chop was a tad on the rare side but had great flavor and the stuffed dates with piquilllo pepper sauce and the piquillo peppers themselves were both delicious (hard to go wrong when stuffed with cheese).  This is definitely not tapas from Spain but the food was good.All in all a fun, social meal with good presentation.  City Center itself is stunning.  Not the best value for the money (we spent $209 after tax/tip on four with just one glass of wine and one cocktail) but it does slot in between casual casino dining and really high end restaurants.One irritation - the plates have kind of a raise in the rim on them which makes setting down your knife/fork impossible.  Form over function fail!
2	Not at all what I was expecting.  Expensive for the portion sizes.  Potatoes undercooked.  Shrimp ceviche giant, completely raw chunks.  Obviously marinated with lime to order.  I liked it, but the others in my crew nearly hurled.  Chicken croquetas disgusting, livery tasting, dry.  Best thing we had was the apple-manchego salad.  Paella overcooked, mushy, bland.  Desserts weak.  Chocolate lava cake?  Really?  They serve those @ Domino's Pizza now.  The local critics have been giving Serrano the courtesy reach-around for years.  I don't know why.  Picasso's menu hasn't changed since they opened.  The food there is served almost banquet-style.  Same veg and piped mashed potatoes I was served at my brother's wedding in 1993 at the Marriott.Skip this place.   Go to Firefly*.
4	Nice ambience. Cool place to hang out. I liked their selection of tapas but expensive.  The food was good. We went here for lunch and we're seated right a way. We also had an excellent waitress/server.
2	This place was okay. It's a beautiful restaurant in Aria but the food was average. I came here the night after the grand opening so they were still "practicing". The lobster paella was overpriced, and uncooked, They state it's suppsoed to be that way, aldente, but does that mean I should be able to see the white uncooked portion of the rice grain and tasting gritty? uhm, don't think so. But you can't go wrong with the cheese and serrano ham. THe warm octopus dish was probably the best. I didn't like the sangria.
4	We shared a couple of apps & drinks at the bar.  The red & white sangria were good, but I prefer the red sangria at Firefly.  Seafood ceviche was very nice & fresh (prepared right in front of us).  The stuffed dates with piquillo pepper sauce were tasty as well.  I would have liked to try more plates, but had to save room for our dinner at Sage later.  Overall a nice experience & we will be back.
4	Everything was great, I especially liked the lobster tail with molecular pineapple and the beet salad. The Sangria tasted like it does in Spain.Atmosphere was louder and more casual than I expected. If I lived in Vegas this would be a great place to go to have a few drinks and a snack.
4	I had a really nice time. The food was a little better than I expected which is a plus! We sat at the bar and the bartender was working hard, serving a lot of people while maintaining drinks and positive personality too. I would like to go back for more.
2	We had really hoped to be more impressed. It's not that the food isn't okay... it's split. Some of the tapas plates are worth the $10-14 cost... half are not... (and all portions are skimpy).For two people, you order 7-8 tapas.. so there's $50 bucks of your meal that will be for just ok food... sorry that's just not good enough... (at what should be a top notch Strip restaurant).With a $50 bottle of unimpressive wine, you'll be in for $150 plus tax and tip.Will you be drawn back for a second try... maybe you'll remember the pluses over the shortcomings.. don't think we will though.
3	Overpriced tapas in extremely small portions in my opinion. But if you want to indulge in a few bites of Spanish food before heading out to the Vegas clubs, this place will do. Try the world famous ham~ it was definitely the most delicious item on the menu, and we tried just about everything on it.
3	This is the third Tapas Bar I've been to in Vegas and I was quite disappointed; Julian Serrano is mediocre in my books and Firefly is still #1 to me. The Mister and I came for a Valentine's Day brunch since we had $75 credit from the Aria Hotel, if it weren't for that reason I doubt we would have eaten here. Service that day was kind of off; we didn't know who our server was since we had over five different people helping us. And when we needed to order more drinks and tapas no one was around to take our order; so we had to ask the Host to help us out and of course he apologized for the rest of the staff that wasn't around. As for food, we ordered:-----------------------------------------------------------Traditional Spanish Chicken Croquetas - $9 Bravo Potatoes - $8 Seared Scallop - $12 Lobster Pineapple Skewers - $14Stuffed Dates - $8Marinated Garlic Chicken and Mushroom Skewers - $9 Coca Chorizo - $10-----------------------------------------------------------None of these items stood out to me, they were all very average tasting just like any other typical tapas bar. The only item that was amazing was the Lobster Pineapple Skewers, it had a lot flavor, and the texture of the cooked pineapple gave the skewer itself a nice twist to the lobster piece - the sauce, the seasoning, everything was perfect, it was so good that we even ordered an extra one.
5	I signed up JUST so i could write this review....i LOVED this spot.I stayed at the Aria this weekend and this was the restaurant my boyfriend and I picked to try. We have had horrible luck with restaurants in the past and this one broke our streak! The place is beautiful. I got the white Sangria which was fantastic. You can watch some of the tapas being prepared at the bar. The food was phenomenal. If you like sushi you have to try the Tuna & Molecular Raspberry...the tuna was really fresh with a hint of wasabi then the raspberry cools down your mouth and adds such a wonderful flavor. Other dishes I highly recommend:Seafood Civiche, Lobster & Molecular Pineapple, Fresh OystersOur bill for the two of us with drinks, food, and dessert only came out to $100 which was a lot better than I thought it would be!My only complaint would be that it's a little noisy and the tables for two are long enough that it's hard to hear someone talk. However, I will end with the fact that I will be craving this place till my next trip to Vegas.
3	Modern lines, textures, colours. Un Vegas as is the hotel it is located within, the Aria. Sleek without being cold. Service as any serious restuarant in this city has to be. Good. Tapas from the country where it was created.  Small bites, small plates. BIG flavours. 7 chosen to share as every meal shoud be. Huevos Estrellados disappointing. Egg was perfect. Potatoes aka pommes frites? No.Call them what they are: french fries. Greasy. Salty. Chorizo. Should have been real potatoes, diced, sliced, scalloped anything but french fries! Chacuterie unimpressive. Greasy(again). Only the toast points were acceptable here. Daniel Bolud's chacuterie far, far superior in taste and quality(DB Modern Bistro in Vancouver). Here it failed the celeb chef's reputation.Now the stars. Anchovy over red pepper and crunchy bread. Smooth, refreshing.Chicken croquettes. Could have doubled that order. Deliciously conversation stopping. Striped Bass. Crispy skin, firm flesh. tasteee. Much mumbling of praise.Sauted Baby Spinach. Hey ya got to have yer greens and these were done just the right side of raw.Lamp chop. Not gamey. Rich. TenderSangria served in a double walled tumbler to keep melting ice cubes from diluting the mix of red wine and fruits. Nice touch.3.5 stars for 1st  visit.  Worth a repeat visit? Yep.
5	The best tapas I've ever eaten, and I've been to Spain!-Brava potatoes: In interesting take using fingerlings, delicious.-Creamy Risotto: The most flavorful, rich risotto ever, a star on the menu!-Pan Manchego: Toasty bread with melty manchego, so so.-Marinated olives: A tasty steal at $3.-Chicken croquetas: Eh, so-so, wouldn't get again.-Tuna & Molecular Raspberry: The bomb! The raspberry melted into the tuna and exploded into lusciousness
2	Not absolutely horrible, but not great either.  The tapas are lackluster and left a lot to be desired.  The Gambas was simply poached shrimp in a nearly flavorless butter sauce, the Pan Manchego was a disappointment, as was the Mix Paella - way too much saffron which made the dish seem metallic.  We also had the wrinkled potatoes which were simply just a bowl of small baked potatoes with a dipping sauce - the sauce was good! We left "underwhelmed" and uninspired.   There are too many good spots in Vegas, won't waste my time going here again...
1	Very mediocre.  I have had tapas at many places before....local neighborhood joints and very high-end authetic tapas restaurants.  This was expensive and just not that good.  With each dish that came out, I was hoping wouldbe better, but that was not the case.Attentive service, but no sense of timing at all.The dining room is very nice, but as is typical in Las Vegas, it is filled with too many loud people in sweat pants.  And, what's with the flat screen TVs.  A beautiful art glass wall, punctuated with a TV.  More Vegas, I guess.  Unfortunate. Not worth the $200 per couple.
2	Just left Julian Serrano.....did not like it.....Had fried calamari, potatoes, steak, scallop, croquet, shrimp, risotto, mushroom soup.  The steak was the best thing there....portions and flavor were lacking on everything else...the risotto wasn't cooked properly...service was good to a fault...they kept trying to clear the table....and the place was 75% empty,so it's not like they needed to turn the table.Server was very nice.  Restaurant is nice....They go by JS.... but as my son put it, instead of Julian Serrano, they should call it Just So-so,,,,,,really did not taste like a $100 meal....
3	The food here is killer.  Its get super packed:: so make reservations.  Its a tapas type menu, which means try one of each.  My favorite was the brava potatoes.  Very interesting dishes....
4	I'm not a tapas fanatic (didn't care for them much in Spain either) but I found this to be the best tapas I've had to date. Trendy business clientele matches bar or table seating, excellent quick service, and no wait to be seated (Tues evening). The restaurant, though, was packed.The place is expensive IMO for tapas (~8-14$ per plate) but for Vegas, not unreasonable.We ordered for 2 people:Pork chop: excellent, would order againGrilled eggplant with onion and red pepper: savory and goes well with baguette; we ordered extra bread bc the one slice wasn't enoughGrilled peppers: simply seasoned w/ salt and olive oil; lightMixed seafood ceviche: refreshing, goes well with the red onion slices, corn, and fruitTuna tartar: Asian inspired; passWild mushroom soup with foie gras cream: as expected; pass Beautiful presentation, and decently filling (but not heavy) food. Overall quality was good, simple, but not memorable. The last star in my review is expressly for our waiter-- he was EXCELLENT. Never had to look for him, he was always 2 steps ahead of us, quick, efficient, & pleasant to talk to.
3	I actually give this place a 3 1/2. I like the set up of the restaurant, very inviting and right at the main lobby of Aria.  Service was just okay for us. We ordered a pitcher of the white sangria, which was refreshing, but after a couple of sips I wished we would've ordered the red instead. Our table split a number of tapas dishes and a mixed paella as well.  The paella was pretty good and a great portion. I really have no complaints. I did think they were okay priced for Vegas, but the portions weren't that great - which isn't really surprising I guess. Scallops were good, potatoes were okay and the lobster pineapple skewers were a bit disappointing to me.  The desserts were good though! That's what I remember from this visit, so I guess it wasn't too memorable either.
5	I'm not a big tapas fan. I just don't understand how you expect hungry people to "share" mere peasant morsels of food. But my friends dig it, so my boyfriend and I went to the Aria and ate here. Yum Yum Yum. The mixed seafood ceviche was great, and the calamari was tasty and fresh (not overfried like most places.) I highly recommend the beef and cheese, it was my favorite, as well as the tuna-raspberry!!! The sangria was only OK...too much ice. The service was great though they constantly were confusing our plates. I wouldn't go there starving as I see no point in sharing a dish that really only feeds one, maybe two. The ambiance is modern, chic, and open. We had a lot of fun.A hundred times better than Firefly and a thousand times better in value than Cana Latina in Town Square. I still can't over THAT rip off.
5	It was a Saturday night, my LV partner-in-crime and I were in the Aria Hotel, and decided to dine at Julian Serrano after reviewing the menu. Truth be told, since this resto name somewhat resembles mine (as people have mispronounced and called me by this name along with others- ask me about if you're interested), dining here was really a no-brainer. hah! With no reservations, we chanced it and apparently lady luck was on our side, as there was no wait. The warm colors of the restaurant looked so inviting. Here's a pic of the bar area, taken with my iPhone http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_w5hBpkjHs5_Hv3pLeHtIw?select=0OlrsQnQXZSPeD5NFJMvmAFrom our table, here's a shot of the entire restaurant http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_w5hBpkjHs5_Hv3pLeHtIw?select=GblIBlQF3t_da6M1L-zYbwEverything on the menu looked so delicious, so we ordered (and pics credit go to my girl, Li):- Beet Salad: Roasted and oh so beetalicious! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_w5hBpkjHs5_Hv3pLeHtIw?select=758bzflJcsXww0Lrl4dYeA- Beef with Brie: Tender pieces, with brie, (one of my fav cheeses). Oh Mylanta, such a digalicious combo, and with walnuts on top, and the savory sauce was divine! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_w5hBpkjHs5_Hv3pLeHtIw?select=ILrElkjFRWwhzXsjWWQ8xA- Striped bass: Fresh fish, cooked to perfection. Delish! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_w5hBpkjHs5_Hv3pLeHtIw?select=z4xiwtEsBVbf-jFhDgX7AA- Creamy Risotto with Mushrooms and Manchego: Mouth watering deliciousness, and so rich, creamy, and cheesey goodness!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_w5hBpkjHs5_Hv3pLeHtIw?select=bJAq88XYZOcUhvlGSTUkuA- Pan Manchego: Spanish Toast with roasted tomato and garlic paste with melted Manchego cheese. All I have to say is mas pan, mas pan! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_w5hBpkjHs5_Hv3pLeHtIw?select=HLxPDvdXAqwLErnnHtCVdw-Chocolate Cake: Chocolate molten cake, which rivals my favorite chocolate souffle at Roy's Hawaiian restaurant. Combined with mango sorbet, and I was in dessert heaven with these two loves of mine. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_w5hBpkjHs5_Hv3pLeHtIw?select=Igp440NlqPIVtgwWajkFfwWhile we feasted so well, our beverages were refreshing white sangria (para mi) and red sangria (para mi amiga), and later had very 'brave' coffee. We needed the caffeine jolt, as it was only the beginning of a very fun and memorable night out.Que bueno, Julian Serrano! Beautiful interior, efficient service, reasonable prices, and wonderful food. This is a great restaurant for a date, a small or big group of friends, and perfect for getting the night started off right in Sin City! Viva Las Vegas!!
1	When the Aria opened my friends and I were given $200 for four people to spend on food.  Now I love tapas and I'm well aware of their portions and prices, but I found this place pretty ridiculous.  Everything was super small and overpriced.  We passed on the wine because we wanted to try more of the food, but really it was just disappointing.   Here are some of the dishes that we ordered:Lobster Pineapple Skewers MusclesTraditional Spanish Chicken Croquettes Seared Scallop Creamy RisottoMarinated Garlic Chicken and Mushroom Skewers Of these dishes that only ones that stood out were the scallops and the muscles but both were tiny and not mind blowing.Also for a restaurant in Vegas you would think that the service would be great but instead they messed up two of our orders.  Also for a half full restaurant they kept overlooking our table and it took us 20 minutes just to get the check.  Fortunately we had the vouchers to spend and perhaps our experience was because they had just opened when we went, but I'm sure I won't be going back.
4	Love tapas... almost everything we ordered was good, but boy are the portion sizes teeny tiny!  We ordered over 20 items for four of us.  Each tapa is really made for just two people, so with four of us, we had to cut it into fours.  The prices are prettty steep for the amount of food you get.  Service was excellent though!  Definitely a must try, but if you have a big appetite and are a big eater, you'll need to spend a hefty penny to get full!
4	The food here is a little pricy but not steep enough that you should shy away from some amazing flavors. We stopped by this place while we were checking out the new city center and walked out very happy with the $160 something we spent for two people for 4 to 5 tapas like entrees, one main dish that we shared and two drinks.  You can easily get away with spending less if you just split an order of paella for two but the wife and I wanted to get a good sampling.  The seafood soup deconstruction and creamy risotto is a must.  So is the ahi tempura.  The ham that they dubbed the best ham in the world at $28 an order is easily bested by costco prusciutto, avoid avoid avoid.  The red sangria deeeelicious and strong.  The white sangria not so much.
1	At lot of attitude and bad food? No thanks.There's a vicious cycle when it comes to making assumptions about your patrons. You think, 'they look young and they ordered tap water. I bet they aren't going to spend much money here. I am going to ignore them." Well you know what happens when you never see your waiter again and have to order through managers all night? You get a bad tip.We ordered some sangria, the red, which was alright but not great. Then we ordered a few plates of tapas, to get us started. We had the risotto which was just terrible and a few other things as well. The only good thing was the ceviche, but I've certainly had better. It was a tiny bit of food for a lot of money and a lot more attitude.There are much better options out there. I will not be back.
4	I love to eat at new places and this was a perfect place for dinner prior to our VIVA Elvis show. Tappas are always really fun because you get a little bit of everything. You must order the paella, it was delicious with just the right amount of saffron. The bacon stuffed dates was sweet and salty, the right combination. We had a seared scallop dish that was good as well. Sangria was light and airy. The only negative thing was the LOBSTER with a molecular pineapple, disgusting a waste of $14 dollars. If you are in town, it's not a must to go there, but if you are at Aria and just want to try it...you should for the experience.
3	After reading some good reviews a group of us tried Julian Serrano's new tapas restaurant in Aria. The restaurant is called Julian Serrano, and the prices certainly reflect the chef's arrogance as much as the name. Everything was great, but if I had to come up with a sixth taste (besides sweet, sour, bitter, salty, and umami) it would be 'value,' because the value of a dish, or lack thereof, seems to make things taste different to me. When you order here you are hoping for dishes that are so unique and wonderful that the prices are justified, yet when the food comes out of the kitchen it becomes evident your expectations were too high and disappointment is inevitable. Take for example the imported Spanish 'pata negra' ham, described on the menu as 'the most delicious ham in the world' for $35. Obviously this is a ridiculously bold and definitive statement for anyone to make about a single meat, however, hopeful me fell for the marketing and ordered it anyways. While the ham was certainly lovely, and I can't say I specifically remember ever eating another that I found better, it was still a meager portion of ham for $35 and I've had comparable before (the curing of meats throughout Europe is an art form, and I've been lucky enough to experience this first hand).The combination of small portions and hefty prices is bound to result in continued disappointment as you make your way through the menu. The scallop was done about as well as any other, but $12 for one of them is just too much to ask. The mushroom risotto ($10) was creamy but slightly underdone and the salmon with truffle ($12) was just so so. Definitely pass on the avocado canneloni ($10) which I found to be texturally amiss and void of any redeeming flavor. The almond stuffed dates ($8) were alright, but not only are the dates at Firefly a better value, they taste better as well. These dates had a panko bread coating that was unnecessary and bulky, which took focus away from the dates themselves, and the accompanying spicy sauce didn't pair well with them at all. The cheese plate ($14) included cana de cabra (soft goat milk cheese), aged manchego, and soft sheep milk extremedura, and was served with a fruit compote and soft toasty bread. Each cheese was complex, and it's hard not to love cheese, but I don't know if anyone other than the producers can really take credit for making a fine cheese plate. The piquillo peppers were delightful, with an oozy cheese center that was far more sophisitcated than that of Firefly, but was not worth the $10.The good news is that I found the least expensive dishes to be some of the best anyway. The open-faced Pan Manchego ($8) was a revelation in grilled cheese, and the beet salad ($10) was not only an architectural gem but a well-balanced and colorful creation. The steamed mussels ($9) were plump and the broth was something special, though it was frustrating to capture in the shell spoons because of the pot used to serve them. In addition to tasting better than most of the other dishes, this was also the best value on the menu. If you order these items I think you'll be happier with your experience and your bill.Tip: I noticed from the menu pictures taken by another blogger that prices were $3-5 less in December of last year. If you do want to go here I would suggest you hurry, before they become even more absurd.
5	My husband and I loved this restaurant so much that we had a late lunch here two days in a row.  Luckily we had the same waiter who was awesome and very low key in a good way.The first afternoon we decided to order three tapas each.stuffed dates: fried and stuffed with bacon and almond.  The pepper sauce was smokey with a small kick.  These little nuggets were polished off in probably 30 seconds, they were just that good!calamari a la plancha: baby squid.  Extremely tender with a great lemon bite.  Probably the best calamari I have ever had.  Not one single piece was chewy.ahi tuna tempura: Two pieces of ahi tempura battered and fried. The ahi was still rare which was nice. Probably my least favorite dish if only because I have had different versions of this dish at Japanese restaurants.  However, I really dug the wasabi foam.molecular tuna raspberry skewer:  We had to order one of the "molecular" tapas just because off all the talk on yelp.  I kind of liked it but then again it was  nothing too special.  Sort of weird to eat a somewhat fishy/fruity jello.  Still not that bad.huevos estrellados:  This dish was crazy insane good.  Perfectly cooked eggs on top of amazingly tasty potatoes and bite size pieces of chorizo.  The best cooked eggs that I have ever had besides my Noni's.  The flavor in this dish is beyond good.  Perfect seasoning. Not runny or oily, just amazing. golden and red beet salad: Great beet salad.  Nothing overpowering about this dish which made it a perfect.  Love the citrus squares.Lastly we had to order dessert.  We settled on a arroz con leche and it was one of the tastiest versions of rice pudding that I have had.  Great citrus flavor.  Loved it.The next day we basically decided on ordering a paella and two tapas.Stuffed dates: Had them the day before and still amazing on the second day.Sauteed Padron peppers: A nice big plate of salty, crucnchy, and downright yummy peppers.  Loved these and they , along with the dates, are on the to order again list.For Paella we decided on the Valenciana which had rabbit, chicken, and veggies.  So glad that we came back a second day for the paella.  The rabbit was tender as well as the chicken and there was a perfect balance of saltiness. The rice around the edge of the pan was crunchy and very tasty.No dessert on this visit as we forced ourselves to finish the whole paella which was definitely pushing it.  We were stuffed.We had a great experience at the restaurant.  Food was fantastic and so was our waiter.  We will definitely be back on our next trip.
4	Tapas bar located in the fairly new Aria casino. Some of the seating is open where you can overlook the surroundings and casino. Despite the posh feel of this place, our group of 10 people were casually dressed which didn't seem to be an issue with the service or waiter because we were treated very nice. Sangria was great and 2 pitchers seemed to cover our table nicely. Just an FYI, the pitchers are around $20+. I don't necessarily like tapas because I have always gone with a small group and trying everything just doesn't work and tapas is all about trying everything. Since we were a group of 10 we had a wide range to choose from and it was a much better time and food came out promptly. We had the scallops, stuff dates, mussels, lobster with molecular pineapple skewers, risotto with manchego, spanish croquettas, spanish toast, Ahi tuna tempura, spanish tortilla, avocado canelonne, and probably a few other that I'm missing. I would have checked in here but for some weird reason on iphone app it says 10 miles away and not close enough to check in, oh well. All in all it was very tasty and it can get pricey if you start going nuts with plates but my advice would be to not go when completely starving and go with a big enough group to really enjoy this experience. Again price is high but reasonable for Vegas pricing in a fine dining establishment.
2	Walked thru Aria hotel and stopped into Julian Serrano. Not impressed by the 15.00+ tapas items, that only sized 2 persons per item.  Our group actually chuckled a few times when the petite portions arrived a few times.  Now I've been to tapas but I guess because this is in Vegas you have to charge and arm and a leg with location.  One of my favorite red wines was only located on the - half bottle section only?? When they did bring me wine, they poured the remains from a bottle of another table, then came back 5 min later to finish the glass.  They also poured my glass before two of the females at our table had been served!  As I drank the last of my wine, I had noticed all the particles at the bottom of the glass.........  Check please! -  I won't go back.
4	I think I like this place slightly more than most Yelpers. Everything was extremely good, inventive, and just freaking cool--- it's Tapa's heaven for me. A little loud at times because it's really a party place and, people are drinking and eating the small plates- but I love that vibe, it's a fun place to be! Great meet up spot for a group of friends that are doing therir own thing in Vegas, but still want to get together.The food is fantastic, but take the menu "in". Some of the plates are fun flights of fancy, others are designed to deliver flavor, punch, in a simplistic way. Balance what you order-- the simple stuff on the menu shines, and the playful stuff is there for contrast, mix it up.Very good service.Recomended.
4	My friend made a reservation here but I was a little hesitant after reading the luke warm reviews.  We had  a great experience.  The best part was our server, Pedro.  He really made our night.  We had a very large group but he didn't treat us as such.  Normally, large tables = auto grat=terrible service.  Not the case with Pedro.  He was spot on.  As for the food, we had  a lot of hits and a few misses.The hits:croquetascevichetortillarisottoscallopsmix paellaThe misses:pata negra ($35 = crazy talk)shrimp (with garlic)stuffed pepperstuna tiraditopaella marineraI have to note, the misses weren't terrible, they were just bland and I wouldn't waste my time ordering again.  If there weren't as many misses, I would have given it five stars.
3	We were on our way out of town.  Sunday.  Knowing what congestion lay ahead of us.  One last nice meal, perhaps a game of blackjack, then to that mid-desert gridlock phenomenon.  We entered Aria, scoping out the new digs for the first time.  Somewhat strange and drab in there.  Lots of earthtones, amber, copper hues.  Many of the restaurants inside were not open for lunch.  Serrano was near the lobby whereat we found a list of food options, and tapas are tasty, so in we went.It wasn't busy.  The seating area was cool.  I sat facing a bunch of glass vessels stacked into a wall.  It's very open to the casino floor, which I suppose is good.  I'm no tapas expert: I've only eaten at a couple legit providers.  But JS just didn't wow me.  Others have mentioned the miniscule nature of the dishes.  I guess the two of us weren't that hungry, because we became overwhelmed by the 6 small plates we ordered.I liked the mushroomy soup.  It had a richness and earthiness to it, well seasoned.  The manchego toast was sort of a bummer.  It was soft, cold, and a little mushy.  Suz puts manchego on toast and gets it nice and crispy, and forget that tomato sauce, just those two things together are beauty.The chicken croquetas were creamy with a nice golden crust.  Rich.  Risotto--yes to its flavor, and though the "al dente" factor is far preferable to glue, a few grains of rice were undercooked to the point of grittiness, which wasn't delightful.  The huevos estrellados were something.  Nicely done french fries coated in an easy-cooked egg with chorizo.  I would order those again.  The Branzino/sea bass.  I had a hard time with the skin...not sure if that was their fault or mine. Probably mine.  In general, pretty good, but it didn't make me want to fight Suz for it--I left most of it to her.Service was mostly good.  The server forgot what we ordered and had to come back for a double-check, otherwise attentive (as she should have been, with sparsely filled dining room).I might be willing to give it another go, but with so many other choices in Vegas yet to sample, who knows if it'll still be there when I get around to it!
4	This place is a surprisingly good vegan eating option on the Strip.  Most of the vegetarian tapas are vegan (since they use olive oil and not butter in their preparations) or can be made vegan with the omission of a sauce.  They even prepared a vegan paella for us! We tried pretty much every vegan-friendly dish on the menu, and I was very pleased for the most part. The only disappointment was the cold eggplant salad.  Bad texture and very bland.  Beet salad, patata brava, padron peppers, gazpacho, etc. were all very good.  They have vegan mango and maybe pineapple(?) sorbet there as the only vegan desserts... but they are fantastic.  Good Spanish wine and sherry (if you're a sherry fan), fancy cocktails (nothing special, especially for the price).One of the servers there, Stephanie, is vegan... so request her if you want to ensure that you get all the vegan options!
4	Fun place with great food and delicious red wine sangria! Wish I would've tried more dishes. The ceviche looked delicious!
4	Mother's Day 2010 and I decided to take my wife to Julian Serrano. It was a bit of a hike from the self-parking garage but we eventually found it. It's an odd space near the check-in desk, close to the doors leading to Crystals and is completely dwarfed by the imposing entrance to Sage. Plus, it's open to the check-in desk and casino so it looks like more of a casual eatery than a fine dining establishment. It wasn't more than 75% full and we were seated right away at a table for two.//FOOD (from best to worst)//- Creamy risotto ($10.00): Cooked to a perfect al dente texture, wasn't mushy at all, wonderful flavors. I was craving more before we were even finished with the plate. Possibly the best risotto we've ever had.- Gambas ($12.00): It looked like a very simple dish. 4 shrimps in a broth that resembled clarified butter with garlic chips and peppers. It may not have been complex, but it was executed perfectly.- Piquillo peppers ($10.00): One pepper cut in half and stuffed with cheese and surrounded by a tomato based sauce. Loved it!- Tuna tiradito ($12.00): The tuna looked fabulous and tasted even better. It was accompanied by a terrific seaweed salad.- Steamed mussels ($9.00): Approximately a dozen large mussels in a medium sized black pot. Yes, the pot was deep so we had to really get in there to get some of that broth.  Delicious.- Beef with Brie ($17.00): Not the best cut of beef I've had but the flavors with the sauce, brie and toast were pretty good. If they timed the dishes better I would probably give this dish higher marks. But they brought out the tuna and risotto at the same time and by the time we tried the beef it was luke warm and the toast  wasn't crispy.- Lobster & pineapple ($14.00): Others rave about this dish, but I was underwhelmed. Too much pineapple, not enough lobster. It was too sweet and I could barely distinguish any other flavors other than the pineapple. More style than substance, in my opinion. One thing that really bothered me was the seating. Her seat was on a bench. Mine was a poorly designed modern chair that was about 4 inches lower than the bench and the back support only went half way up my back making it tough to get comfortable. It's just a weird choice of seating in combination with everything else.The service was good but not spectacular. Our server seemed to have way too many tables so we didn't see him too often.Everything was well executed and so meticulously and artfully prepared. In comparison to other tapas places around town (namely Firefly) JS beats Firefly on taste and creativity but the portions at Firefly are bigger. And, of course the prices are much higher at JS since it's on the strip and a celeb chef restaurant. But, the prices aren't outrageous by Vegas standards. In total we got 7 dishes, a cocktail, a glass of wine, and a half bottle of wine for just under $200 (including tip). That's actually below what we normally spend at fine dining spots on the strip and we definitely left full and happy. If $100 per person for dinner is too much for you and if you're expecting the same amount of food you would get at a national chain restaurant (Cheesecake Factory, Red Lobster) don't come here. But, if you want quality tapas with wonderful flavors, then I recommend you give this place a try.4.5 stars
4	Stopped by for a mid afternoon vacation cocktail and ended up ordering some tapas. Restaurant has a open feel and looks into the casino lobby (& not the gaming floor) which happens to be an attractive space. Cocktails were flavorful & were exciting enough to qualify for a early happy hour. We ended up ordering the chicken croquettes & bacon wrapped dates. The chicken croquettes were crunchy on the outside & filled with bechamel creaminess on the inside. The dates were sweet, salty,spicy & of very high quality. One of the bartenders recommended that we try the stuffed piquillo peppers. We were glad we did. Nice pepperiness complimented by the creamy slightly sour taste of goat cheese. I would love to come back here next time I am in Vegas to experience more of this menu. I had not considered this restaurant due to the stuffy, dated look & feel of Picasso (Serrano's other restaurant) I am glad I ended up stopping by for a drink as this restaurant is fresh & definitely adding to the foodieness of the Vegas dining scene.
4	Located just inside the lobby at Aria, I was intrigued by this restaurant from the moment I checked in. Although things did not work out for me to have dinner there, I did manage to stop in for an afternoon snack, which turned out to be the perfect way to try this place. I had an order of Stuffed Dates and a Cheese Plate along with a glass of Port. Although these were very simple items they were excellent and definitely good enough for a return trip for dinner on my next Vegas excursion. Service was outstanding and they are wheelchair accessible, but the Bar was not. This is a negative because it is a Tapas Bar and part of the experience is being able to sit at the bar and try a variety of items.
3	Stopped in for a few tapas before hitting the town, and it was good.  The shrimp gambas are good, and the pinapple pops are refreshing.  Bacon wrapped dates were great.
4	Beautiful and modern decor. I love the dark wood everywhere that fits well with the entire Aria look and feel. The food and presentation was great. I love tapas because you get a small portion and many plates. The most memorable dishes was the flat iron steak, chicken and mushrooms and the churro with spicy chocolate. YUM!Our waiter was extremely accommodating and comped our dessert. The manager even offered to have my girls and I to come back and have a round of drinks comped. Sold! =D
4	OMG!  By far, the best lunch on the strip.I had the white fish ceviche.  WOW!  And the sandwhiches which are Spanish themed, are great.Think, i had a burger at the ESPN Zone and it was $14.  I go to Julians, and it's less.  And SO MUCH MORE CLASS!The Gazpacho is excellent.  Comes with every lunch.ENJOY!
1	While staying at Aria with a group of girls we decided to have dinner and drinks at Serrano. We had a rather large group of 15 girls but the service was still very quick. The food however was absolutely horrible. The waiter brought the chicken and mushroom skewers I had ordered, but unfortunately they weren't edible. I cut into one piece of chicken and saw that it wasn't even cooked through but was still raw meat. I showed the waiter who quickly removed my plate and looked rather embarrassed. I asked him to just throw it out and did not want to try anything else. My friends had ordered various other appetizers and entrees but no one was satisfied with the food that was served. Apparently the potatoes were pretty good though.I returned to the table after visiting the restroom and attempted to sit back down. Just as I almost sat down one of the legs fell off the chair. I weigh 115lbs and I'm confidant this amount of weight should not be enough to break a dining chair. The waiters ran over and pulled the chair into the back room before I could get any words out. Our waiter came over and told me the floor tile is slippery and sometimes the chairs slide out especially if the legs are loose. I tried to ask him about it further but he walked away and sent his manager to our table.The manager advised me that they've been having issues with many of their dining chairs and already filed a complaint with the supplier. Yet they still continue to use these chairs!!! I asked what would happen if an elderly person had sat in this chair instead of me? What if they fell and were seriously hurt? The manager kept saying sorry but didn't really seem to care about resolving this for future guests.I laughed about it later with my group. The dining experience here was a joke. The restaurant looked very pretty from the entrance but looks were deceiving. If you want decent food and furniture that can support anything beyond 115 lbs I would recommend going elsewhere. Aria is a beautiful hotel and there are many other dining options to choose from.
3	This was my first time visiting the lovely Aria and eating here.  Decor is definitely nice and modern.  The restaurant itself was packed, mainly due a convention that was being held at the same time.  It's also very loud, so it can be difficult to converse.  Service was excellent (possibly because we ordered a LOT of food as well as a bottle of wine and alcohol).  We ordered over 20 items, including almost every dessert on the menu, some more than once to feed our large group.  I have no idea what the bill cost, but I'm sure it would have been over $50 pp.  The food itself was nothing special - I've had much better tapas here in LA at various places.  I'll only gloss over the highlights.  I read that the chicken croquettes were to die for, but I found them to be simply good but something that wouldn't generally stand out.  The stuffed dates wrapped in bacon were excellent (though I must point out that it's difficult to get this dish wrong), the creamy risotto was super delicious, the scallops were good, the pan manchego was tasty, the peppers were a favorite of others, and out of all the desserts, the Spanish creme brulee was the best (unfortunately I have no picture of it, but it was larger than most creme brulees).  Again, most of the other dishes were average and nothing to write home about.  Oh, and the Sangria is delicious and sweet - they add some liquor to it (rum I think but I'm not sure) so it doesn't have a strong wine taste to it.There's definitely better restaurants on the strip, though this was my first experience in Vegas eating tapas.  I'd say the tapas run on the more expensive side (most are $8 - $16, some up to $30), and we had to order a lot to get full.
1	I was quite underwhelmed with this restaurant, the service and the food.  The waiter was errogant and not very attentive, the tapas came out randomly as if they had mixed up our order or had forgotten a plate, and the paella was extremely salty and not very flavorfull (though one would think it would be with all that salt).  The best part of the meal was the wine we chose, though incredibly expensive even for a Las Vegas hot spot!
5	Just came back from the new Aria - the definite high-point was discovering this amazing restaurant and we went back two nights in a row.  We sat at the bar where I peppered the bartender with menu questions which he was happy to answer - and we didn't have to wait for a table.  Their small plates concept plus reasonable prices (way less than the other famous-chef restaurants at the Aria) was one reason, but the amazing flavors was the other.   My friend had the Meditteranean soup both nights because she loved it so much. First night I had the black rissotto with Seafood and a dish of Red Piquillo Peppers Stuffed with Goat Cheese mixed with Mushrooms.  White sangria was great and only $8.  Next night I had the Red Sangria ($9.) and two starters that killed: Skewered "Molecular" Raspberry (a jelled delight) atop a square of Sesame Seared Ahi Tuna with Wasabi Salt, and my absolute favorite - Fresh Anchovies atop two warm olive-oiled Italian toasts with a little thin-sliced Piquillo Peppers.   We followed with a shared Lamb Chops dish - this included Thick Sliced Potatoes topped with Onions that had been cooked Confit-Style in oil and each mouthful was gorgeous.  The Chops - two to an order $28, which we split, sat on three great sauces - one seemed like a Bechamel, the other a Demi-Glace, and a very green olive oil garnished them.  We didn't have room for dessert, but the dessert menu looked wonderful too.  I wished this restaurant was in L.A. so I could go every week!
5	Yum yum yum!If I had a money tree, this place would be one of my fancy-pants favorites.We ate here back in December, right after it opened, so please forgive the tardiness - I hope nothing has changed.  Utterly fabulous food.  Highlights were the flat iron steak, pintxo de chorizos, stuffed dates, gambas, pan manchego, and the valenciana paella - our waiter's recommendation, and he was right on.  We also had the padron peppers, which I could have done without, but my mom loved them, and the chicken skewer and flat calamari, which were favorites of my dad.  Desserts were awesome too, and together with a bottle of wine and some other drinks, we clocked in just under $300 (plus tip) for a party of three.  I love this place.  If I'm on a budget (which I usually am), I'll stick with Firefly for tapas, but if we're celebrating - or someone else is footing the bill - then we're definitely coming back to Julian Serrano.One silly note - there are apparently multiple valet drop-off points at Aria, and we chose the wrong one in proximity to the restaurant.  Try to make your way to main valet at the front entrance, near registration, and you'll be in and out in a jiffy - assuming you're like me and not lucky enough to be staying at the Aria.
4	We ate here right after putting out bags down in our hotel room and we were quite hungry from traveling.  The decor is extremely cool with bright surfaces and bright colors.  The service was  just what we were looking for as the staff were attentive but not overbearing.  My husband and I had a glass of red and white sangria respectively and these were perhaps the high point of the visit.
2	I went to JS at City Center with great expectations. But alas, the food did not match the lovely hip decor, great colors, and even JS on the plates. When I order serrano ham, I expect it to be paper thin-like see through-delicate and light like lace, cut from a beautiful ham mounted in a prominent plac, like  at a great tapas bar in Spain. It was thick and cluncky, too bad. The Gambas description was wonderful, but far too few herbs and garlic to be a credible dish. The white anchovies were good, but served on enormous boat-like toast pieces- two small anchovy filets total--come on. The waitress recommended an avocado-wrapped cigar like roll with smoked salmon and other things inside--interesting only. That's enough. This restaurant should be kickin, should be packed and lively with people. Doubt I'll return anytime soon.
3	I love tapas, and I love great service, but this place feel slightly short for me.  I like this place, but I don't love it, and I really wanted to be wow'd by the food here.  They're in Aria, so I expected fabulous flavors and textures, but this place didn't deliver on either except for dessert [I'll get to that in a second].I made reservations online for 4pm before a happy hour and Viva Elvis event that we had to get to.  We walked in and immediately loved the open feel of the restaurant; however, the decor looked almost tacky with those black, glossy leafless trees around part of the dining area.  Other than that, the layout was pretty nice and we were seated away from the crowd as i requested.We started off with tapas and stuck with it rather than ordering a sandwich or paella.  From beef and cheese to an avocado cannoli, the tapas aren't even worth getting into very much.  I wanted that incredible flavor profile and excellent textures on the plates; however, the beef tapas, for example, was all soft with no counterpart, and the avocado cannoli was all creamy.  In terms of flavor, everything was seasoned as a restaurant of that caliber should do, but in terms of exciting my palette and making me say "mmm", it didn't even come close to a small smolder.For us, the only great part of the evening involved their Santiago cake dessert served with turron ice cream was outstanding.  Talk about textures and flavors!  The cake was thick, moist, and had just the right sweetness to it.  The ice cream was incredible.  i wanted a huge gallon of that to take home with a side of almond cake [as in one whole cake, please!]  I loved every bite and would've bought another order of it had it not been for my distended tummy.Overall, a nice experience and one I will go back to, but not for the food.  I'm going back for the dessert.
4	Julian Serrano is as good as it ever should get...and then some.It's in Aria - which I will review under separate cover.  Wow...is all I have to say.Atmosphere - It's very open and attractive.  The only drawback are these weird black trees without leaves.  Maybe I'm missing the artistic creation of them, but I felt like they were out of place.  There were mounds of fresh veggies on the backsplash - which was really refreshing to see.  Some time was really spent on the floors here.  Tiny tiles in a variety of colors...yellows, oranges, pinks, purples, pearly white.  And it had a pattern to it that was really intricate.  Bonus points for design.  I am a big fan of smaller tables and more intimate seating when going on a date.  Here, the tables are a bit larger, but they have to be because it is tapas style and you have tons of plates coming out, and then wine glasses...you get the drift.  Purple napkins.  Stellar.  Our sommelier came over and we mistakenly thought him as the waiter.  Oops.  He wasn't phased though so based off what we ordered he suggested a wine.  A half bottle in case we didn't like it.  What we didn't know, and d-bag sommelier didn't tell us, is the wine was 990 for a half bottle!!  I'm sorry, but if you expect your patrons to have 990 for a half bottle of wine without running it by them, I find it offensive.  Whether or not we could afford it, is really none of his biz, he should have been more polite to just give us the low down on that.  Fortunately for him the half bottle was amazing (it should be for almost a grand!).  Point of the story, for all those who cannot afford a grand on wine - BE SURE TO CHECK PRICE POINT when sommelier suggests a wine.  A professional one should let you know (discretely if you don't want to offend your date) and I just found that a little obnoxious.  I didn't know until the bill came, and neither did my beau...which was a bit shocking.Anyway...have the bacon wrapped dates.  Salty, sweet, savory goodness.  Chewy without too much chewy.  I almost died.I even tried the lobster with pinneapple.  Pretty good, and I'm not a seafood fan AT ALL.  This was something someone would like if they don't really appreciate seafood.We also had the beet salad with what I though was lychee.  I said "this tastes like Hawaii in my mouth" and the waitress came over and explained it was pineapple gelatin.  Kudos for my palate being expanded.Stuffed peppers and gosh I don't even know what to tell you because everything was soooo delightful.  It was romantic because we were both feeding each other, and so filling at the same time.  We had about 6 plates and everything was perfectly paced, our wine was superb (we had two half bottles, the second was of something different).  Fortunately the waiter showed my date the price for the second bottle.The pan manchego...it's like that saying "once you go manchego, you never go back".  Crazy good.We had churros for dessert that comes with some chocolate sauce for dipping.  The chocolate sauce had a hint of some kind of hot pepper (which was a little bit too much for me) but it was good in small quantity.  This is the best churro I have had in my life.  I was soooo full but kept eating it.  We also ordered the creme brule (because I love creme brule)...I wasn't so much a fan.  It was too eggy and not enough sugary.  The consistency was off for me.  Plus it was HUGE!  I like smaller versions of creme brule since it is sooo heavy.  Still, pretty fantastic.  I just wasn't a fan of the consistency.It truly was an amazing experience.  Every time we put something in our mouths we just giggled and had our eyes roll back in our head how fantastic it truly was.  It blew my mind.  It blew Joe's mind and his wallet...I don't think he minded too much because it was TRULY that good.I had to amend and give it four stars because of our sommelier.  If he didn't just ASSUME we (I am putting the Royal we in that sentence) could afford a $1,000 bottle of wine, I would be giving this place more stars.
4	I've been to Julian Serrano twice.  The first time was after visiting The Bazaar by Jose Andres.  They're both classic spanish tapas, both trendy, both have won James Beard and Chef of the Year awards.  But whereas The Bazaar has a contemporary tapas menu, Julian Serrano does not.  I guess that's the main difference.  At The Bazaar, you are experiencing food mentally and gustatorily, Jose Andres is either giving you classic flavors or not so classic flavors with contemporary techniques (sous vide, foams, etc).  Julian Serrano however, is just straight forward food.  It's like going to the zoo.  At The Bazaar, you're a little kid who is just zigzagging from exhibit to exhibit; at Julian Serrano, you're the parent who's seen it all, but is still enjoying everything you lazily follow walk along.The food at Julian Serrano is good.  There are the hits like the truffled salmon, pan manchego, and the beef with dates & honey; and there are the misses like the chicken croquettes.  The service isn't great.  The first time I went they broke a wine class and spilled water all over me and all we got was an apology.  What?  No amouse bouche or free dessert?  Discount?  MEH!  The good news: for around $25-30 a person, you can stuff yourself!Either or 3.5 or 4  I can't decide.
3	I am a big fan of Tapas. I think the ability to try all those different flavors and cooking techniques is wonderful. I went to this restaurant while waiting for a show. Here is a rundown of the things I tried. Ahi Tuna w/ molecular raspberry, Chicken Skewer, Beef and Cheese, Lamb Chop, Mushroom Soup, Avocado/Tuna Cannoli, Serrano Ham, Brava Potatoes and the Santiago's Cake. Most of it was pretty good with the exception of the texture of the Avocado/ Tuna cannoli and the watery soup. I felt the texture was a little too soft and slippery for me. One thing of note was that Santiago's Cake. I would go back to this restaurant just for this cake. I will go back to this restaurant for this cake. The Santiago's cake was a great flashback of something I loved in my childhood but the rest was not as exciting as it looked on the menu. Overall a pleasant experience with nice decor and staff.
4	The food here is completely amazing. Five stars for that -- some of the best chorizo I've ever had, a really delicious paella, tuna raspberry skewer that was phenomenal, etc. We had four people and split 4 tapas and a dish of paella (built for 2, the cheaper option), and it was all incredible and enough food to fill us but not make us uncomfortable. We got a pitcher of sangria as well, and with tip, we all only paid $45 a person. To me, that's quite a deal in Vegas, where everything is super inflated.The servers were okay. They screwed up the bill a little at the end, but they fixed it and no harm done. Our server did try to suggest that we weren't getting enough food so we'd buy more, but I guess that's part of his job... he just wasn't that tactful about it.
3	Y husband had lunch at JS July 4th weekend.  We knew that prices were high and portions small but didn't expect HOW small.  For $10, only received two quarter sized piquillo peppers.   My husbands calamari  order was minuscule also, despite being told beforehand  by the hostess that the portion served was large.   I complained to the manager and he offered to comp the sangria, which I declined.   We are returning to Vegas twice more this year, but  we will skip JS.   No food, but big bill.
5	I would come back here in a minute!  It was Friday night.  We were unreserved.  We ordered minimally.  They treated us like royalty.  Score!We shared the Paella Valencia, and i had a wild mushroom soup topped with a foam of foie gras.  Both were excellent.  At the suggestion of the manager we were brought complimentary glasses of a Basque White Wine.Our table was adjacent to an elegant couple from Toronto.  Our meal was made more wonderful by their great conversation.  The husband  had worked all over the world for the United Nations.   They'd just spent a week eating at all the best Vegas restaurants, and buying a year's supply of designer clothes.  They over-ordered and shared their flan with us.  Sit me next to folks like that any day of the week.The few items we had compare very favorably with the Bazaar in LA.
4	Headed over for some lunch and to read the LA times.  Been wanting to try Julian Serrano since that MEGAopolis City Center opened and today was the day.  First glance at the outdoor menu they offer daily lunch specials ranging from salads to Spanish influenced sandwiches.  Cheaply priced but not what guided me there, I wanted tapas damnit! The dining area is clean & pristine with a bright color scheme.  I sat at the bar and service was attentive.  Tried 3 items : *Pan manchego - toasted bread, tomato sauce, aged manchego Terrific flavor.  Simple but encompasses the flavors, temperatures & textures I was looking for*Spanish chicken croquetas ( aka tentadora )Chicken & bechamel I hoped and prayed this would be the star of show.  I pretended to continue reading my paper but I obsessed about these little nuggets of heaven once I saw them on the menu.  Damn it if it wasn't just my luck.... Disappointment! The crunch and outer texture was heavenly. The bechamel and chicken filling though left me wondering what I had done in a past life to deserve such a tease.   From now on I will refer to these croquetas as the temptress or since it's a Spanish restaurant -  TentadoraSerrano RiceChorizo, chicken, rabbit, Frito, saffronFinal dish ordered and it ended on a high note.  All proteins were full of flavor and the sofrito was bold but not overwhelming.  Mid-meal I decided to order a glass of red sangria ( maybe to drown my sorrows from the above listed temptress ).  One of the best red sangria I've had in some time.  If it wasn't the middle of the day and lunch time i could have easily enjoyed two-rty or so.  Not too sweet, great fresh fruit flavor and a nice kick of brandy at the end.  I surprised myself by not finishing it but it was the middle of the day and my work at Julian Serrano was complete.  Very good dining experience for $45 and I would come back for future visits.  Hopefully by that time I will have forgiven that EVIL tentadora.......
4	it was pretty empty, when i came here with my girls. the food came out super fast...a little too fast. with 5 girls chit chatting u would think it would be a 2 hour meal, but it was only less than an hour.the food is really good. everything was surprising with flavorthe tuna tartar, the white aspargas with mango mayo, the cheese and panchetta bread, the tuna with rasberry lollipops, the chicken skewers, the steak, the scallops were my fav, the chicken w/ chorizo was moist, and the fries with egg and chorizo was interesting, but made the fries all soggy (don't reccomand that)service is excellent.
2	If you're looking for something that's a bang for your buck, this is NOT the place to go.I ordered the salmon egg sandwich at Julian Seranno and it was OK at best. The eggs used were much too frothy and resembled something close to continental eggs. The salmon placed on top of the sandwich was paper-thin. Collectively, the meal was just mediocre. Our waitress made it known before we ordered that the appetizers were great for sharing (seeing that we were a party of 5). The shrimp appetizer was served with, literally, three pieces of shrimp.What I did like about Julian Serrano is the location. It's placed in the lobby of the Aria casino - needless to say, Aria is gorgeous by itself and makes everything just a little better.
5	It was a pleasant surprise to stumbled upon this restaurant while in Vegas last week.   I had the BEST Red Sangria and tapas I've ever had at Julian Serrano.   It inspired my boyfriend to proclaimed that he wanted to vacation in Spain just to enjoy the food.  The service was impeccable and the decor was absolutely beautiful.   I love the tantalizing morsels that delight my taste buds with exquisite flavors.  It was the kind of restaurant that you want to linger a bit and relax.  The bathroom is also worth mentioning with floor to ceiling mosaic tiles and piped in language lesson.
5	We loved this place. We ordered like royalty and it showed after we saw the bill, however most of the items were delicious and our server was great. The two carafes of Sangria probably also helped with our opinion of the place. This is great social type dinner where everything is shared tapas style. The price can get expensive rather quickly so if you are on a budget you might want to go somewhere else or have a big lunch that day.
4	Vegas is sure enough, already pricey, and what I hate is it's all about the looks and not exactly the food. I love Houston food, yet has any place been able to compare with houston food for me or bigger than that...Texas, but then again I haven't traveled to many states. Julian Serrano was an exception though, although I hated that the paella was pretty expensive and the shrinp/lobster wasn't shelled out already, customwer service was great...food was finally something better, more on your busdget...but remember small plates..so in a way it seems cheap, but the plates are really small, unless you don't have an appetite this would be a good budget restaurant...the steak was really good and juicy. I recommend it, because unlike other restaurants in Vegas, this was one little one that served better foods than most restaurants in my opinion, although no foodss taste bad, some foods were okay, of course.
3	The good: Flavorful tapas and yummy sangria (1 carafe was approx 8 glasses).  The bad: Bathroom was a Spanish lesson.  I heard a woman's voice stating "I love you.  Te quiero.  Welcome to Spain.  Bienvenidos a Espana."  WTF, can't a girl tinkle in peace and quiet or at least to some ambient music or acoustic guitar?!The ugly: Decor consisting of thanksgiving colors accompanied by horrible service!  We were initially impressed with how quickly the tapas arrived, but our waiter rushed us through our entire meal.  Almost as soon as we put our forks down, he would clear our small individual plates along with the entree plate, even when there was food left on platter!  There were plenty of open tables, and it was an early dinner.  6 of us were in and out the door in record time within an hour and half...definitely not a leisurely meal with flowing sangria and ooh/aahh-ing over the dishes.Notable mentions were the mixed ceviche, seared scallop, beef & cheese, flat iron steak and the mix paella.  Oysters, stuffed dates, and creamy risotto were passable. Beet salad was unusually presented with orange flavored foam...not my cup of tea.  Was generally disappointing after experiencing culinary heaven at the Bazaar in LA.  Could've been a 3.5 bumped up to 4 stars if not for the service.
4	Tasty tapas. Great selection, somewhat pricey. Good people watching while enjoying delectable bites and sipping on your favorite beverage.
4	We ate here on Saturday night while hanging out in City Center. The place was packed, but we managed to get a couple seats at the bar. They serve the whole menu at the bar, so its nice if you just want to get in for a quick bite. We ordered tapas including the lobster gazpacho, stuffed dates, pan manchego, and grilled angus flat iron steak. All of them were excellent. The service was super fast and the bartender serving our food was friendly and knowledgable about the menu. He even described some of the items for us before we ordered. I enjoyed Julian Serranos very much. A great place for tapas.
3	We had lunch here.  The seafood salad was small but really good. The white sangria wasn't very good...the apples were overpowering. The steak sandwich was bland and it didn't have much meat. Also, I can't get over the $4.50 iced tea (similar to other restaurants at Aria).I would dine here again for the seafood salad or to try the paella. And next time I will order the red sangria.
1	I don't know about other people, but I had the worst experience here.  The restaurant looks nice but that's it.  It's spanish tapas.  So we ordered bunch of plates.  Most of them were salty and no flavor at all.  We told the waiter of how salty our plates were, and he just jokingly laughed said the chef must have shaking hands tonight.  WTF?  not a word of appology nor any kind of complimentary.  I have very high expectation for Spanish Tapas so places like this just so disapointed- Especially it wasn't that cheap.  Will never come back
4	I came to Vegas early on a Friday afternoon with my other friends still delayed by air traffic.  Having all day to myself I decided to go exploring in the new Aria City center and after consulting my handheld pocket guide for eats, I decided to do the Julian Serrano tapas bar for lunch. I liked the friendly, open air decor and bright colors thats easily visible from the lobby of the Aria and after a quick scan of the menu at the door, decide to pull up a seat at the counter and order lunch.The menu is created by chef Jose Picazo and many of the dishes remind me of the creations of a similarly named chef, Jose Andres, of Bazaar fame in Los Angeles, of which I've tried many times.  However unlike the borderline molecular deconstructionist gastronomy of the Bazaar, the items of JS are a little more conventional and accessible, but no less delicious.I started off with the avocado cannelloni which was salmon tartare wrapped with sliced avocado with japanese seaweed salad.  I enjoyed this from the first bite as flavours of the salmon, avocado were mixed with a pleasant amount of saltiness. I could have ordered another one of these to finish off my meal.  Next I tried the salmon & truffle dish which was a good but a little dissapointing as the wonderful truffle sauce seemed to clash with otherwise bland and familiar salmon taste, not really infusing into the meat of the fish.  Perhaps pairing the truffle flavour with a different fish would work better.  Rounding out the meal was the Valenciana paella rice with chicken, rabbit, chorizo and saffron rice, very nice indeed.  Luckily I ordered off the lunch menu which was smaller portions but also only half the price of the dinner menu item.Prices are a bit up there to be honest, but not surprising given small plates usually tend to be pricy and given the premium real estate, but for those who are comfortable spending the extra dime on some quality cooking and intriguing flavours, JS is a nice place to check out.
3	Kudos to the staff at Julian Serrano for making accommodations for large party. We had a reservation for 14 people and of course not everyone showed up on time. Our waiter didn't seem bothers by our delays.Ordering tapas for 14 people can be daunting. The waiter offered to plan a menu for us at a pre-approved price point. We seemed to get a bit more food than we bargained for though. We told him to target about $65 per person, the final bill with tax and tip came to $80/person which was perfect.So why only 3 stars? The food wasn't anything memorable.  Two weeks later and can barely recall any special dishes other than the presentation of the paella.
4	If your looking to have a nice lunch at the City Center for a reasonable price, this is the PLACE FOR LUNCH. We were going to stop by the City Center restaurants to view their menus for dinner reservations. I called in advance to find out about parking and such, as this area is known for lousy parking. The newspaper has complained about the limited local parking. I called the concierge and she told me for locals, to use the NORTH VALET off HARMON. She said it avoids the tourists and all the hectic business of people trying to figure out the front of the City Center complex. She said if you want to park, try the second floor of the self park as all of the tourists fight for the first floor. The NORTH VALET PARKING IS COMPLEMENTARY. In any sense, going back to the food, I asked the concierge for a recommendation and that I was bringing along my 8 year old son. She recommended a place called Julian Serrano. She said where else could you get a great sandwich for $10 and for the kids, you can order off the tapas menu for some deep fried chicken.  I asked for her recommendation for Todd English's pub and she said to stick with Julian Serrano for lunch.  Great recommendation. We each ordered a sandwich. I had the chorizo, the other two were the mixed sandwich and the vegetarian. The Chorizo ciabatta sandwich was good, with not spicy, but evenly balanced against the goat cheese spread. My mother said the vegetarian ciabatta was eggplant, mushroom & pesto, with the mushroom overpowering the rest of the ingredients.  She really liked the ciabatta bread.  My father had the mixed and I took a picture of it. He said it was good. It had a fried egg with Serrano ham and cheese on plain bread, and they cut a hole out of the bread to showcase the fried egg. The best part of the sandwich combo is the fries that accompany it. My son had the SPANISH CHICKEN CROQUETTAs, (great photos from others already posted.) He loved them as did he enjoy my french fries which came with my sandwich. The FRENCH FRIES were skinny, twice fried potatoes. They were the best. We also had an AVOCADO CANNELLONI from the tapas menu. It was thinly shaved avocado wrapping a lightly vinegar-ed salad of Japanese seaweed, sesame, and smoked salmon. The seaweed salad overpowered the avocado, but it was something that I could say "I CAN'T MAKE THIS AT HOME" because of the delicateness of the consistently sliced ripe avocado the rolled and wrapped the seaweed salad.  Other yelp fans have posted this picture.  It's a beautiful presentation that lacks any taste outside of vinegar & seaweed.All in all, the concierge's recommendations for lunch were SPOT ON! Where else can you get a gourmet sandwich and fries for $10. My son's chicken was like $9 from the tapas menu. I was going to order some sherry, but the wine prices were outrageous, so we had water which seemed (table to table) like the most common lunch drink served. My recommendations: They have 6 or 7 sandwiches to choose from for lunch, all for $10. The food is top grade and the service is very very good.  Final bill was less than $20 a head for lunch in Las Vegas at a clean, spot on, sit down restaurant on THE STRIP without any sort of buffet or keno being pulled around you.
4	Came here for lunch on a weekend afternoon, and was pleased to find they had a very well featured and reasonable lunch menu.  Shared a glass of the red sangria (very good quality), a chorizo sandwich, a steak sandwich and the mixed sandwich with my family.  All was flavorful and good quality, and service was very good.All sandwiches came with very good french fries and a modest but very fresh and flavorful serving of gazpacho (smoothly blended, which I like).  All-in-all, good food, reasonable prices for lunch, good service, and excellent location - restaurant is very nice, and has a great view of the Aria lobby area, with glass panels providing a nice clear separation.
4	Really good food with nice service. We ate at a few of the restaurants at Aria hotel and the best was Julian Serrano. I would come back
2	The Skinny: undercooked rice in the paella, bland chicken croquettes with no chicken in them, flavourless sauteed spinach (2); service: is good and prompt (4); value: I'm sorry... we spent $90 including tax and tip, no booze, on food that isn't that great (1)We were hovering between going back to Sage for round two or heading over to try Julian Serrano for dinner. My hubby decided, for the sake of Yelp reviews, that we ought to try something we haven't done before. This is even despite the average 3.5 star rating.So, we checked out the menu and ordered the Valencia Paella, the chicken croquettes, the sauteed spinach, the mushroom soup and the stuffed dates.The chicken croquettes were singularily unpleasant. Not much chicken inside, the bechamel sauce was bland. So basically, you bit into a croquette filled with bland bechamel... yuck!The mushroom soup as an odd mushroom underseasoned consumme with foie gras foam (that didn't taste like foie gras). Considering the price you paid for this dish, it clearly doesn't deliver the luxury you are expecting.The stuffed dates were atrocious - greasy and boring.  You couldn't taste the bacon, just the warmed dates with the crunch of a flavourless blanched almond.Sauteed spinach with apples, raisins, shallots and pine nuts - sounds really yummy right? Well, it would have been if they'd added a grain of salt to the dish. The spinach was also unappealing on two levels - 1) uneven cooking method (see the pic - some are cooked, some slighty wilted) and 2) not enough oil leads to that filmy sensation feel inside your mouth.The Valencia Paella was improperly prepared. First of all, the flavours were off for such a dish - perhaps too much saffron. Secondly, the rice. Now, I know that the rice is supposed to be al dente. But this was not al dente, my friends. It's considered raw when the rice after chewing leaves a grainy texture in your mouth. Plus, if you look at my pics - no evidence of that wonderfully toasted socrrat layer (no golden brownness to the rice or the bits sticking to the bottom of the pan).Third, the chorizo was subpar - texturally dry and one note... salty - it could not stand up to the other mediocre components of this dish.So overall, a 2 starred review - mostly for the excellent service.
4	my boyfriend and i went here for lunch before we were taking off for la on a tuesday. we had the mediterranean seabass, avocado cannellini, mushroom soup with foie gras creme, brava potatoes, stuffed piquillo peppers, ahi salad, cured salmon sandwich and the grilled lamb chop. everything was really good with the soup and the seabass being absolutely divine. the lamb chop is a close second. the most blah was the brava potatoes but the tomato confit was delicious. the service was perfect as well. loved it!
2	They always find a way to get your money back in Vegas. This was how I gave them back my meager winnings and then some. The waiter was nice and friendly, however, the food was bleh. Turns out tapas just meant "small portion." I was fine with that and begun to order everything that sounded tempting. If I remember correctly I had the seared ahi with some raspberry paste, lobster with micro pineapple, shrimp and fish ceviche, some steak, some ridiculous black forest ham that was double the price of the regular ham and a pitcher of Sangria. Honestly, the only thing I liked was the sangria and ceviche. Everything else was bleh or mediocre. The tuna and lobster was the absolute worst especially if you're a sushi lover.  2 stars for delicious sangria that got me nicely buzzed so I didn't mind paying 200 bucks for such a mediocre meal.
1	The worst experience of my life at a restaurant !!!!!  Not only they took for ever to bring us food, the tapas were cold and all tasted the same. The paella never arrived, but the worst was when one of the waiters, banged my dad's head pretty hard and didn't even care to make sure he was ok!,,,the manager with a stupid smile on his face didn't do any better.Over all my worst ever specially with their over priced food!!!!
4	An interesting variation for resort restaurants offerings : tapas. Very good quality, not that many choices but enough to please most patrons. Larger portions than other tapas places I have tried and more expensive so I guess it's better to select a smaller number of them to make up a real meal. Wine selection by the glass is good to very good depending on your taste, I was not impressed but still felt I had decent options. Great service and decor. I would not go there for dinner but for lunch and happy hour before a show and late dinner, anytime.
2	it's really 1 star but i'll be generous with an extra star because of the water guy (who should have gotten all our tip since he's the only one who paid us any attention.)food and service were meh. and prices were okay. most of my friends had sandwiches that came with a side salad or fries and a small shot of gazpacho (thought it was ok)... I had very disappointing steak salad.. the steak was dry, the salad itself kind of tasteless and the portion wasn't even filling. service was less than attentive (except for the water guy), it took about 30 minutes to get our food.. everyone around us got their food before we did, and when it came time to pay the bill, i had to track someone down to swipe my credit card and waited 10 minutes to get the slip to sign.maybe it was an off-day. i don't know but next time I'm in vegas, i'll pass on this one.
4	The Julian Serrano Tapas Restaurant carries the name of its executive chef, Julian Serrano, who has made a name for himself in Las Vegas as the celebrated chef at Picasso's at the Bellaggio for the past decade. Prior to that, he was the head chef at the world famous Masa's, in San Francisco.Here in the Aria at City Center, the grandiose, massive and latest project of MGM Hotel Group, it adds a nice modern Euro feel to the ultra modern and art infused City Center complex, and adds a splash of mediterranean hot colors to the understated Japanese-like hotel color motif of the Aria hotel. It's like a saucy Flamenco dance hall in the middle of the hi-rise offices of corporate giants in the Shinegawa section of Tokyo. Or like the Guggenheim's museum in Bilbao, Spain amidst the rustbelt of the surrounding aging industrial factories that once were the heart of that city. It was later on a Thursday when we came, and it was fairly unoccupied. Sat at the bar and was professionally waited on with a lot of attention, owing to the sparse crowd. The room is large and very open; there are dozens upon dozens of bar seats, the ideal tapas location, strung along one side of the restaurant. The ambiance is a classy-festive feel and decor, but very pro in service. The specials were told, but they were all fairly heavy and hearty, and we were in a lighter mood, it being about 9:00pm. So we opted for 4 light dishes:-Marinated Olive Medley ($3) about 5 different offerings including pearl onion-White Ceviche ($10) This was light, with just a touch of onions and tomatoes, served with a wafer and garnished with cilantro and radicchio- Escalivada ($8) - were roasted bell peppers and mushrooms in olive oil with a baguette toast slice- Avocado Cannelloni ($10) this was a light cannelloni wrapped not in noodle, but thin avocado slices topped with chopped nuts, and sided with a dollop of guacamole topped with watercress and a side splash of aioliWith a Gin and Tonic, the bill was $43.24 before tip, and satisfaction came with the refreshing flavors with the creative and traditional dishes from Julian Serrano at Aria.
3	Ambiance and decor: WOW. It's a gorgeous restaurant!! Too bad the food was just mediocre. Tuna raspberry skewer- Interesting pair, but the raspberry was overpowering. White ceviche- The acidity was extremely strong, but the white fish was great.  Mediterranean Bass- Wonderful. It was cooked to perfection and the tomato confit complimented the dish. Creamy risotto- MY FAV. Spanish chicken croquetas - tooo creamy for my liking. It's a cute place to dine and I don't regret coming here.There is a big selection of tapas to choose from and there's something for everyone. Service was on point!
4	An expensive tapa's restaurant.  Almost everything is great, but realize that everything is pricey. Highly recommend the white sangria. Wow, never thought white sangria would be good, actually better than their red.Definitely order the paella at the beginning so they can get it started - then holler at sangria and tapas, leaving room for the paella at the end!
2	After walking around the new Aria Hotel and shops at the Crystals, Julian Serrano provided a fancy afternoon snack. The WHITE SANGRIA was delicious, as  was the CHEESE PLATTER and MIXED SEAFOOD CEVICHE. Overall, this is nice restaurant is a nice hotel - nothing more, nothing less. We didn't stay for dinner, but I looked through the menu of mostly simple traditional Spanish tapas. This place is missing pizazz and needs more WOW-factor to make my Vegas hit list.
4	I had a craving for gazpacho soup while we were staying at Aria for 2 nights last week. So I ordered a take out for a lobster gazpacho from Julian Serrano. While we were waiting at the bar, we were offered to taste their sangria, so it was very nice of them. The sangria was really strong so don't drink it with an empty stomach. haha. The soup was very great. I got my craving satisfied.
5	Absolutely.  Fantastic.  Appetizers. My wife and I decided to do a food crawl through Las Vegas the night we got in (a la Betheney, for all you BGM fans).  We stopped at Julian Serrano first and completely destroyed our concept of a food crawl.  My pregnant wife was tired from flying in that day and walking around and wasn't too stoked at the 30 min wait for a table.  The wonderful manager brought a comfy chair out from the back office for her to sit in and personally secured and escorted us to a table as soon as space was available.  Awesome!The menu is massive, and covers a range of traditional and modern interpretations of tapas.  It's pricey, but you are paying for ambience, the name, and the location.  The food is good, the service is good, and we kept ordering small plates becuase we didn't want to go anywhere else!
4	I typically wouldn't be so excited about eating dinner at a Tapas (small dishes that would normally be consumed as appetizers) restaurant but on this day, I had already gorged myself at an awesome buffet so when our party met up at 9pm for a bite to eat, I was okay with not eating a full meal.  The decor of this restaurant is really pretty.  Very modern and hip and I felt one of the cool kids on the block.  When I first viewed the menu, I had counted for dishes that I really wanted to eat.  "I'm not hungry!"  I told my stomach so I cut it down to two.  I chose the shrimp ceviche and the tuna tirado.  Both were DEE-LISH-OUS!  Some other bites I ate off of friend's plates were the seared scallops and the grilled iron flat iron steak.  Very yummy!  I know.  I hear you.  So why not the 5 stars?  Service sucked.  I don't know if it was a busy night or what but they forgot about us and it took a while for our server to come back and ask if we wanted anything else.  When he finally came back, we were able to order desserts and I thought they were just OK.  So technically, it should be 3 stars but I'm feeling generous today and only dinged them a 1/2 star each on dessert and service.  I'm hoping to go back there to give them another chance on their service but that'll have to wait until my next trip back to Vegas.
4	One of the best tapas I've ever had! Good sangria, too! I would've loved to try everything on the menu.  My girlfriends and I ordered a bunch of things to try, none of which disappointed!
5	One of my favorites and the best tapas anywhere. Puts all others to shame. Go!
4	Great place! The presentation of each dish was visually as well as gustatorily exciting. The small plates made making choices that might normally be out side ones comfort zone a relatively safe bet. Our waiter was accessible and engaging. If you go, ask your waitperson for suggestions - the next time (and there will hopefully be a 'next time') we go, I think I might just ask the waiter to select all our platesThe husband's edit: He wasn't quite as 'sold' on the place as I. He felt rushed (the busboy tried to clear one of his plates before he was done) and at the beginning of our meal, he asked for two glasses of wine; a white for the first several plates to be followed by a red for the last set - the red never came and he couldn't catch the attention of the waiter in time to rectify the issue. Other than that, he loved it and would go back
4	Went here with my boyfriend for a late night dinner and really enjoyed it.  The decor is really nice and the service was excellent.  My BF started with the lobster gazpacho and liked it but wished there was more lobster in it HAHA!  We also got the salmon with truffle, creamy risotto (YUM!), and stuffed dates (good, but not as good as the ones from Firefly).  Also had a glass of Pinot Noir which was good.  I wish I knew what it was called cus it was so smooth!Would like to go back and try more....and get more creamy risotto and wine!
5	My best meal of 2010, hands down!  http://davidstable.com/2010/11/my-favorite-meal-of-2010/
4	I went here on Saturday for lunch with my family, and I was impressed by the decor and ambiance. For me, the only downside was that we were seated along the side close to where passersby kept stopping to take pictures of the beautiful decor. Next time, I'll ask to be seated further  in. Although it is an open area type seating, so it's still not very private either way. The food taste and presentation was perfect though! 5 stars for taste and presentation! I ordered the salmon with truffle for $12 and it was delectible! Although, Julian Serrano is known for it's small plates and tapas, so this was true to their motto, and not a big portion at all. It had a white mushroom on the bottom layered with grilled salmon with crispy skin and a black truffle aioli (I think... it doesn't describe much on the menu). My mom and dad each ordered the seafood rice from the lunch menu (which offers slightly bigger portions, but medium overall.... definitely not the typical obese American portion). It was also very tasty. It had mussels, big shrimp, calamari rings, peas, onions, and rice. It was texturally a mix between risotto and paella, which they also have on their menu. My brother ordered the lunch menu steak sandwich for $14, which came with a gazpacho and french fries. The sandwich was delicious, but the fries were my favorite!My grandma ordered the lunch menu salmon sandwich with the mixed salad and gazpacho. We expected it to be a grilled salmon sandwich, but it was smoked salmon with egg and tomato.... such a tasty combination. Once again, as good as the sandwich was, I liked her side... the mixed green salad was perfectly seasoned with olive oil and salt... simple, but perfect!All in all, I'm a fan! I'm definitely coming back!
4	Who doesn't love bite sized food? :) I have this theory that miniature versions of food always taste slightly better than their full sized parents (e.g., Minature Resse's Peanut Butter Cups).  Didn't someone say, "big things come in small packages?" :) Well, Julian Serrano might have, because he definitely took that phrase to heart and drove it home with his menu at his tapas (snacks, appetizers, finger foods) joint at the ARIA hotel.I had been itching to check out the new City Center on the strip for quite some time.  I finally got a chance to make it out there and found myself ready for lunch.  To my dismay the majority of the restaurants I was interested in  weren't open until dinner.  So, after walking around and round I stumbled across Julian Serrano on my way out towards the shops.  Jackpot! It was open, there wasn't a line and it looked pretty :) I didn't actually realize it was a tapas joint until we were seated.  The overall feel of the place already gets you excited! From the overly helpful staff equipped with various accents from different countries, to the beautiful artistic layout  and decor of the entire room.  Even though the restaurant is inside the actual Aria they used the space perfectly with almost no walls utilizing the high ceilings to give you that open airy feeling that just makes you look up and exhale with a smile.  The furniture is very modern and the lighting was shining perfectly dim (you know that lighting that let's you still see your food and makes your face look flawless...so FYI perfect date spot: quaint portions of really high quality good food, in a expensive looking place with great lighting that makes you look good...girls will love it, trust me)!Now for the food...everything I tasted was pretty well...tasty and the plating was simple and clean.  I was fourtnate enough to order a lot and got a pretty good tasting of the menu.My ORDER:WILD MUSHROOM SOUP!!! WAS TO DIE FOR! I mean if I could I'd have it everyday...carry it in a camelbak I wear everywhere.TUNA - RASPBERRY SKEWER...a must try just because the combination and presentation was pretty intriguing and the tuna was good quality.WHITE CEVICHE...yummy with a good spicy kick.STEAMED MUSSELS...just okay.  I love mussels so I've had my fair share but good amount for the price.GRILLED ANGUS FLAT IRON STEAK...just okay too because I love steak so I'm picky when it comes to steak.BEEF & CHEESE!!! MY TIE WITH 1ST FAVORITE (MUSHROOM SOUP)! So simple but packed with great flavor and texture.I can't wait to go back and try some more great bites!My only gripe was that I tried to order a seafood dish and pan manchego but they were all out.  I thought this was definitely poor management and a bad oversight to under order ingredients for a busy weekend.But other than that...AWESOME!
4	A well concocted menu in a prime location. The ARIA hotel is simply BEAUTIFUL and modern. Julian Serranos brings the customers in from the outside and it is well worth the price. The taste and presentation was exceptional. We especially enjoyed the creamy risotto and scallops. A couple speciality drinks later and we were ready to tackle the Vegas nightlife. This is a great place to start off your evening. Don't expect a private quiet dinner, this place is open, fun and loud.
3	There is no argument that the food is delicious. For the price, however, I would prefer to head over to Firefly and pay about a third the price.  Definitely worth it if you are willing to throw your money around and are looking for a pretty atmosphere to enjoy your tapas and sangria.I'd be happy to enjoy another fabulous dinner here...on someone else's dime, that is.
5	Julian Serrano is on my list of restaurants I go back to when I'm in Las Vegas. It's a tapas restaurant located in Aria (A plus since they perfume the air there #omgsmellssogood). For those of you who don't know what Tapas is, it's the Spanish version of Dim Sum. You just order a bunch of appetizer sized plates. Usually about 3 orders is good for one person. Here's what's good to get:Imported spanish "pata negra" ham (it's pricey, but worth it)brava potatoes (crunchy potato squares with  a spicy tomato alioli sauce)pan manchego (toasted bread, fresh garlic tomato sauce and manchego cheese)sauteed padron peppers (good for snacking on, like the edamame of tapas)traditional spanish chicken croquetas (standard tapas dish, always a winner no matter where you go)grilled lamb chop (only comes with one small chop per order)beef and cheese (prime tenderloin, cheese, honey, pecans wow really really good)For dessert get Santiago's cake. It's very unique (not in a crazy taste way) and is the perfect ending for such a great meal every time.www.anitaeat.com
4	The place looks fantastic, the decor and design is great.  (Most) of the food was excellent.  The price, like everything in Aria, is top-dollar, so expect to spend a pretty penny if you're making this your meal.The service was great, the waiting staff was very friendly an attentive.  This is tapas, so the food is coming to you in small portions.  I love to eat, so while I'll like stuffing my face I exercised the compulsion to devour the plate in one bite.  Yes, you'll be nibbling a little bit of this and a little bit of that.  As for the food, we tried a bunch but here are a few that stood out to me:1) Ahi Tuna - Good dish, very fresh and tasty.2) Lamb Chop - On the small side for sure, even for tapas in my opinion, but very tasty.3) Eggplant - OK, I have a few words about the vegetarian Eggplant dish.  This one tasted like the chef dumped one of my great grandmother's mason jars of cold veggies out onto a plate and garnished it a bit.  This was the last dish we were served, and sadly, by far the most disappointing food of my whole trip.  The menu would be far better off without offering this one.I'd recommend this place to try on your Vegas trip if you're into Tapas and either have the cash... or you've got your company card handy.  :)
4	Third stop on an Aria/Crystals foodie crawl.  We sat down at the bar eager for some tapas and sangria.  I got a glass of red sangria ($4.50 - bargain!), which is my favorite sangria in all of Las Vegas.  Perfect spice to it.  Doesn't just taste like watered down red wine.  My husband got a glass of white wine, the Albarino ($9) which was good but a little sweet for my tastes.  I like dry white wine.We went a little nuts and got three tapas!  I was really intrigued by the salmon truffle ($12) which is a piece of salmon with bechamel truffle sauce atop a portabello mushroom.  This was actually disappointingly ok.  Maybe I was all truffled out from the truffle fritters at Jean Georges but this dish just didn't do much for me.We also got the oysters ($10) which the server said could be served with a mango foam or traditional.  This was confusing because the menu said gazpacho foam.  We went for the mango foam, but when we got them, it was definitely gazpacho foam.  Either way, they were very good and fresh.  The oysters come in servings of 4.Finally we got the pata negra ($35), which we always get here.  Now it is ham, some bread, and a tomato sauce, which may be a little offputting given the price.  But this is famous blackhoofed pig and only comes from Spain.  The ham is cured for 3 years and it is just so yummy.  The tomato sauce, which appears to be fresh tomatoes and olive oil, goes perfectly with the ham.A good experience but I was disappointed by the salmon so I'll drop off a star.  Plus, they got slammed towards the end of our meal (our server actually exclaimed out loud about being slammed, so it must have been bad) and it took a while to get the check.  No biggie.  Nice atmosphere and it's open to the casino so great people watching.Check out the bathrooms for sure here.  They are left of the bar towards the back.  Ladies to the left, mens to the right.  They pipe in some Spanish language tapes which are pretty hilarious.  Great restaurant!
2	We stopped here before the Viva Elvis show.  We were quickly seated in the back as some of the first dinner patrons for the evening.  We promptly informed the waiter that we had ticket for the early show and ordered a round of water while we reviewed the menu. He said he would steer us away from the long prep items.  We quickly decided on about 9 to 10 items for a table of four and two of us ordered wine by the glass.  Food started arriving and the waiter became scarce and I'm not sure why.  We finished our dishes and waited.  Desert menus were delivered but no waiter.  Finally asked for a check due to the time, not the waiter, I was inform we could speed things up by just taking my card and running it.  And we waited... I suggested my guest make the walk to the theater and I would meet them there after I paid the check.  I was informed they were having trouble with their credit card machines and they were running them manually.  Another 5 minutes and  I asked a bus boy where my credit card was and I followed him to a location near the kitchen, out of sight of most of the other guests.  While the Bus Boy was looking for the absent waiter I flagged down the manager and explained the situation.  The check arrived a few minutes later, manager tried to buy us with a couple drinks after the show.  I negotiated drinks at Sage across the lobby, but never went back to collect.  We went to Del Friscos for lemon cake instead and  wrote this review.Food was good, Waiter was not.Manager was good, timing was bad.I know I should not grade on bad timing, but I needed to say something.
4	What a delicious restaurant both in looks and taste! We ate lunch and ordered a variety of sandwiches--salmon, steak, and egg. They were huge, but more importantly, very tasty and presented beautifully. The winner was the salmon sandwich with eggs so fluffy, they could float! The tapas we ordered were manchego cheese on bread (so,so), rack of lamb (delicious, but only one), sauted spinach w/pine nuts and raisins (refreshing) and lobster soup (wonderfully decadent, especially since the liquid was separately poured over the crab and other goodies). The meal was an excellent value overall, and we liked the fact that we could get 4 separate checks. Would definitely return.
4	Very impressive. Scrumptious cuisine and reasonably priced.  The mussels were definitely the highlight of the evening, but there were very few downsides.  The service was top-notch.  The only downside was that we ordered 7 tapas dishes and they all came out essentially at the same time.  It would have been nicer to pace the meal, but aside from that it was great. Would return for sure.
3	Pretty pricey for tapas. The dishes we tried (pan tomate, white fish ceviche, calamari frito) all very average. Nothing really blew me away. We also tried the paella..definitely not worth the 30+ minute wait. I've had a lot better. I tried the crema catalan (kind of like a creme brulee) for dessert and that was kind of "meh" as well.The atmosphere is definitely lively and fun, service excellent, but the food definitely not worth the price. I don't think I'll be back to try the rest of the menu.
3	Nothing to rave about here, especially for the price.  I don't eat much seafood though so that could have been good.  I did try the sea bass but it didn't turn me into a fan.
4	I'm not typically a tapas fan, but found the selection at Julian Serrano to be very good.  The tuna app seemed the hit amongst our group.  Overall, the food was good, but they need to kick up the deserts.  The Crema Catalan was not my fav.  Stop in for lunch and you can get a seat by the kitchen to watch the magic happen.
4	We went for lunch, and got some tapas.  I like my tapas (eggplant & salmon roll), and my husband's salmon sandwich with fries and gazpacho was good too.  The price is very reasonable, especially since it is in the Aria!
1	My husband ate here this past week  for lunch and were disappointed by the food.  My husband chose the restaurant because it was listed as the best new restaurant in Vegas.  Hmm....well so we ordered the chicken croquetas, wild mushroom soup, white sangria and the mix paella.  The croquetas were not evenly cooked, parts in the middle were semi warm verging on cold and other parts were hot.  The wild mushroom soup was good, that was the only dish we liked.  The white sangria seemed more like a white wine spritzer...where was the fruitiness?...surely not the thin piece of apple they added to our glasses?  Anyway, onto the $50 pan of paella...the rice was totally undercooked....pretty much crunchy in the middle of all the pieces, the lobster was overcooked and there just didn't seem to be much paella in the pan granted it wasn't good enough that we even finished the pan.  However, based on the amount of dishes we ordered we could have easily polished off the paella had it been decent.  This was not a great experience for us, our waitress was okay, though she disappeared in the middle of our meal for quite a long stretch without checking on us.
2	no, no, no!!! (sigh)i love tapas.  so i was super stoked to be coming here for dinner.  the space is sort of odd because it's opened into the lobby so everyone can see you eat.  some people may dig that but i don't.we let the waiter help us choose a few dishes, some were pretty interesting.  i don't remember what any of them were called, but i do remember how we left hungry.  the service was alright.  our server did drop a few utensils or forgot to refill the water, but whatever.  no one's perfect.look, for the price, i expect to be semi-satisfied when i leave and i defintely don't think the price is worth eating in a setting where i felt like i was eating at some food court in a mall.
3	A 3.5 star restaurant. Casual feel with tapas style dining or solid entrees. The tapas/appetizers are all pretty decent. They have lots of Spanish type of tapas.The paella was really disappointing, and expensive, too. Skip it.Service though was excellent and the whole staff was very accommodating and helpful in providing suggestions and even designing a set menu of recommendations for us.
3	Half of what we had was VERY GOOD and the other half was mediocre.  Mussels in a spiced broth, Squid ala plancha with carmelized red onions, Lamb Chop, and Filet with Cheese and honey were the bomb!!!I will be back to enjoy another Burgans Albarino with the seafood and a Ribera del Duero with the meat!Some of the other dishes were lackluster, and the atmosphere leaves little to be desired.    Overall, MUCH better than firefly.
3	I love tapas, so my friends and I decided to try Julian Serrano for some tapas before we leave Aria at Vegas. We were generally happy with the tapa dishes we ordered. I specifically had the Pan Manchego, which was tasty! Per our server's recommendation, we ordered the Mix Paella with lobster, clam, mussel and shrimp. It had tons of flavor, but the paella was a bit undercooked. Great presentation, service was alright, and the tapas aren't the best that i've had. Still worth a try though!
2	This place is overrated.  It was fine but not at all special, not a single one of the dishes we ordered stuck out to me as being especially good.  Sorry.Considering how many great restaurants there are in Vegas, there is no reason to come here.
4	Most of the menu at Julian Serrano is tapas with the exception of the Paella. We had a group of 4 and had some difficulty ordering so we simply had the waiter do so for us. While we were waiting we had some drinks and I have to say that I was impressed with the selection of everything they had. My favorite of the night was the Tito's Homemade Vodka. This is the first time I've heard of it and it was excellent on the rocks. The big downside to the tapas here is that the portions are relatively small. Since they were so small I can't even begin to get into the number of things we ordered but you can pretty much point to something on the left side of the menu and we had it. We LOVED everything minus the Tuna-Raspberry Skewers...the two just don't go together. All 5 of us did share all of the tapas so we basically got a taste of everything. I would recommend either not coming here with a big appetite or if you want to share, just doing so with one other person. We finished the meal with the Valenciana Paella. The Paellas are made for 2 people (so they say) and we asked that they make one large one for the table. The one we got was rather large and we each took a quarter of it. It was just enough to fill a small bread plate...to give you an idea of how "large" the large is. Overall, great service, excellent food...but small portions.
4	I would give this 5 stars except the paealla is not that great. As for everything else on the menu, it's as good as anything I've had in my limited Tapas experiences.  Gotta have the potatoes bravas - their sauce is just so much better than a place like Firefly (which I like).  Try the beef and cheese dish too - really tasty.  Chorizo and egg dish is nice too - super rich with browned potatoes.Usually not a drinker, but the sangria there is really delicious.  I seriously could drink 2 pitchers myself.  Atmosphere is great - prices are high end so expect to pay at least $50 if not more.  Depends on how many dishes you wanna go for.  As I've said before, pass on the paealla.  Kind of bland.
4	Our party of 8 ordered 26 dishes and every single one was excellent.Highlights included: White Ceviche, Lobster-Pineapple Skewers, Pan Manchego, Creamy Risotto and the Beef and Cheese. But the crowd favorite was the Brava Potatoes, crispy potato cubes served piping hot topped with spicy tomato and creamy alioli sauce. We also agreed the Huevos Estrellados is probably the best hangover dish ever invented. Do not ignore dessert here. Treat yourself to the churros with spicy hot chocolate or the bunuelos - sugar coated donut holes served with butterscotch caramel dipping sauce. Yum, I could go for those right now. Price point is high - you'll spend $14 for 4 Lobster-Pineapple skewers, however you are in Vegas and the food is sooo tasty. A pitcher of their refreshing red sangria and suddenly it's easy to justify spending so much on the indulgent meal.  We really enjoyed our 2 hr dinner in this bright and airy modern restaurant. Service was excellent, noise level was tolerable and the food will bring all of us back next time we're in Vegas.
4	Sangia, desserts, and tapas yayyyy...Just think "Firefly" but, $EXPEN$IVE$ ... did I mention that it's expensive? lolIn general, I think when it comes to tapas, the best thing to do is go with a group of people so, you can sample (SAMPS) a lot of different things. It's a good thing we came here for a business meeting.My faves were:-the lamb: we all know how much I love that!-Estrealladose: I think that's how you spell it? It's basically fries with a fried egg on top. And lemme tell you: AMAZING!!! So simple, so rich, and soooo heart attack city (but, let's not think about that) I'd think this would be the greatest hangover food. ever. in. life.-lava cake: super rich...you can never go wrong with chocolate!-the donut pieces with caramel and choco dipping sauce: mmmMMmm, the sauces were kinda spicy...not hot (temperature), hot (spicy!)Oh, I almost forgot, the bathrooms teach you phrases in various foreign languages...lol I'm not kidding. It's kinda funny to be washing your hands and learn to say "I love you" in Spanish...
4	Having a vegetarian in tow to a tapas restaurant is sure to challenge the menu. My theory held true. It's tough to share and also find value / variety for both. So, in a surprise move for me at a tapas bar, I ordered the chicken breast entree. It had a flavorful glaze and was well prepared. The potato and sausage side was delicious, if a bit too rich when mixed with a dollop of truffle butter. My bad! For $24, I could not have had a better value or been as satisfied had I ordered off the tapas menu.
4	I love this place and go here every time I'm in Vegas.It does get pricey but their tapas are intricate and delicious.My favorite is the seafood Gazpacho that comes with a little ball filled with some gazpacho and bursts in your mouth when you bite it.I also love their white asparagus dish, the lamp chops, and of course their manchego cheese sandwich with egg.I can't wait to go back!
2	***Aria's Julian Serrano is a nice looking tapas spot with a menu that sounds good; unfortunately, the food was surprisingly mediocre***Julian Serrano is a tapas spot that is near the front lobby of the Aria Hotel.  The decor reminds me a little bit of the Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill in MGM Grand in how the restaurant is very much open to the casino and the hotel.  There are no big and thick walls separating the dining area from the nearby bustling activity of the casino.The decor is very upscale cafe-like and hotel restaurant-like.  Nice and contemporary but pretty standard stuff (not unique or memorable).We had a few things here and I felt the food looked better than it tasted.  Several of the dishes were average.  I was not a big fan of Fleur by Hubert Keller (a tapas spot in Mandalay Bay), but I felt Fleur was noticeably better than Julian Serrano.Here is a rundown on what we had.(Ahi Tuna Tempura) This was ahi tuna two ways.  There was a standard ahi tuna tower on the plate that had an avocado base (fresh and a good flavor but something you will find at a lot of other restaurants).There was also ahi tuna that was flash fried in a light tempura batter (crispy on the outside but still rare on the inside).  This was okay and I liked the contrast of the cool center with the crisp outside.  Still, I've had a much better version of that dish at Ocean Avenue Seafood in Santa Monica.(Mediterranean Bass)  This was a bass with the skin-on that was served over some veggies with a light sauce.  It was a light dish and had a mild flavor.  The fish was pretty moist (the skin could have been crisper).(Cheese Platter) The cheese selection at Fleur was much better.  The cheese here was a little dry (not great flavors either).  The garnishes were also disappointing.  The fruit paste was too thick and lacked sweetness.(Chicken Skewers) The chicken skewers here were juicy enough, but they lacked flavor.(Prime Tenderloin Topped With Cheese, Honey And Pecans) The quality of beef was really poor (at least when compared to the other dishes we had here). The beef was a thin piece.  They overcooked it  (it came out well) and it was dry and chewy.  The cheese, honey and pecans were all fine, but the centerpiece of the dish (beef) was a real disappointment.(Stuffed Dates) The dates here were wrapped in bacon and then deep-fried.  This is a pretty popular combination and their version of it was pretty tasty (though kind of a given with this flavor combination).Service was okay.  Food came out at a good pace and the staff was attentive enough, but I felt the wait staff was not as strong as what I experienced at other Vegas spots recently (including Fleur, Mesa Grill, Comme Ca, Bouchon, and Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill).I've been fortunate enough to have a lot of service where it felt the wait staff was really putting in the extra effort to make every aspect of the dining experience enjoyable and memorable.  While the wait staff was pleasant enough, I did not get that same feeling here.Julian Serrano sounds like it would be a nice place.  The menu reads nice as well.  There were mostly misses here though and the food was just not as good as other Vegas spots I've tried in the same price range.  I will give a lot of places a second try, but since we had so many dishes and so many were average, I doubt I would return here.Aria features complimentary valet parking.  I am not sure if they feature complimentary self-parking as well.
4	We had the ahi tuna and raspberry skewers and thought they were amazing!  Not many people seem to be a fan, but I loved the unique combination of flavors.We also ordered the gazpacho because I'm obsessed with it, and this dish did not disappoint!  The best part was this parmasean cheese ball with yumminess inside!  We were trying to share it, so I cut it in half which made it difficult to eat but did not detract from the yummy sauce inside.We had a couple other non-memorable things but we were still not full.  My boyfriend luckily asked the waiter what he would recommend.  The mussles.  Oh.  Em.  Gee.  The best $9 I didn't spend!  I swear the pot  they brought out with the mussles in a most scrumptious sauce was bottomless.  We must have each had at least 15 mussles.  What a deal!  The decor is bright and whimsical and I want to tile my future kitchen in those same exact colors!
4	Just about everything in the Aria is fantastic, and Julian Serrano is no exception. I am not crazy about tapas, but I have an appreciation for unique combination of flavors and textures. The best part of my dining experience was the great selection of wine and spirits.
5	I love, love, love this place for some tapas and sangria. Four of us went and split the tapas and a pitcher of the cinnamon-spiced sangria and had a fabulous time. The dates stuffed with almonds, wrapped in bacon and deep-fried are life-changing.
5	I've been here a few times and every time the food is amazing.Not a cheap place to eat; but the food is soooo good. I've never tried the Sangria (and neither have my dining companions) so I can't speak to that.We ordered Octopus, White Ceviche, Steamed Mussels, Spanish Chicken Croquettes, and 3 other plates. We shared the Churros with spicy chocolate for dessert; I really don't like chocolate but I loved their spicy chocolate.
2	Not impressed. We had stuffed dates (almond was a nice addition to the traditional, however fried preparation was not so much) and raspberry and raw tuna tapa, which was unique and tasty, but not amazing. Ambience was more fit for a big group, but portion sizes were not. I feel it was pretty pricey for quality and size of portions. Service was terrible. We had to ask or flag down our waiter multiple times and the place was less than half full. Best part was the red sangria.
5	I LOVE this restaurant.  Small plates, masterfully done, superb service without being pretentious.  I've eaten here a few times, the first time for a quick lunch - my husband ordered a Spanish Tortilla and after one bite (and ordering another) we vowed to return.Came for dinner and for some WEIRD reason my husband let me order the wine - the sommelier was great, I gave her my budget, the type of wine I was looking for and she gave me 3 suggestions, the wine I picked was awesome!  I actually am trying to find some locally!  Started with the pork belly and micro mozzarella - it was delicious. Shared the Paella with Lobster, Chicken, Chorizo, Vegetables & Saffron Rice - perfect to share.  Great combo of flavors and surprisingly none of them got lost.  Had to try the Spanish tortilla - so simple and delicious.  I will always try to stop in here when I'm in Vegas, you can grab a quick bite at the bar or sit down and enjoy dinner.  I look forward to trying more items on the menu.
5	I am in love with this place!!  Not only do tapas and sangria melt my heart but this place was amazing.  Every small plate we had was delicious and the sangria was intensely good.  Some of my favorites were the meat plate, cheese plate, french fries with the chorizo and egg, and the spinach.  Each plate was soo good and the service was great.  I will be making this a Vegas favorite for all my trips back!
4	We had a very nice dinner here.  The lobster gazpacho was very nice. We also enjoyed the crispy pancetta iberica, the charcuterie, and a rabbit dish. We had reservations so our table was more in the back and very comfortable.We bought an older bottle of  wine and received attentive service from the Sommelier.
5	We got in to Aria late and decided to have a light dinner.  Everything was great, service, food, decor.  Husband and I had 5 dishes between us and everyone was great.  Our waiter helpful and friendly and the support staff equally so.
5	At Julian Serrano, my wife and I had the single best dining adventure that I've ever had in Las Vegas.  While it may not have been the culinary apogee (that distinction actually goes to Picasso which is of course Julian Serrano's other restaurant located in the Bellagio), the food here was nevertheless absolutely amazing and the service was absolutely the best I've had in Las Vegas.   While it was my Birthday lunch which might cloud my vision a little, our waiter and the whole staff truly made my meal here one I shall remember fondly until the end of my days.My wife and I walked in last Friday at around noon.   While we had no reservation, the staff greeted us kindly nevertheless and sat us near a TV, as I was following the Villanova - George Mason NCAA basketball game.  Our waiter approached us immediately and suggested we try the sangria.  It being my Birthday, I happily obliged him and I had in fact 3 of them by the time the meal was done.   Let me tell you right now the drink was crisp and very tasty and left absolutely no headache later on (something Sangria is typically notorious for in that regard)As far as food is concerned, we started out with the Spanish Charcuterie Platter, Fried Calamari, White Ceviche and Crispy Pancetta Iberica.   Of those 4 dishes, the Fried Calamari came out on top, followed by the White Ceviche.   The Charcuterie platter was delightful too, while I must say we were not blown away by the Pork Belly (Pancetta) dish.We followed up these dishes with 3 more tapas:  Stuffed Piquillo Peppers, the spanish chicken croquetas, and the Flat Iron Steak.   The first 2 were absolutely divine.   The third one was just so-so.By that point, both my wife and I were absolutely stuffed.   Still, the waiter would not relent on us getting dessert, especially after he heard my wife was a Pastry Chef and it was my Birthday.   We nevertheless declined dessert, being completely full at that point.   Still, the waiter brought us a Crema Catalana on the house.   Since the dish was there, we had to eat it and indeed it was one of the best Creme Brulees (my wife's expected, of course) that I've ever had.   The dessert is served with a pineapple sorbet which is so clean and beautiful that it tastes like you are biting into an icy wedge of Hawaiian Pineapple.Simply amazing dining experience.   The moment we were out of the restaurant, I tweeted to all the people who were attending the same conference I was that if they had no dinner plans, they should absolutely check out Julian Serrano.   I don't know if they took my advice, but this is a great restaurant and I plan on coming back here many times!
3	We stumbled in off the plane and had a tasty lunch. For 2 people - calamari a la plancha, xato salad, scallops in romesco sauce, white ceviche and raspberry tuna skewers - it was all good and beautifully presented. No drinks. $80 for a light lunch felt a bit steep.
4	This is probably about a 3.5 - but I am going to give this guy some benefit of the doubt based on some extremely strong ceviche. A friend recommended this to me, so I made it the last dinner stop of my Las Vegas eating tour.I started with the mixed ceviche, a mix of white fish, shrimp, and octopus with minced bell pepper and rings of thin sliced red onion in a strong lime broth with plenty of heat. Magnificent. The seafood was delicious, with great variation in texture from one meat to another. I tell you, I ate the red onion...on purpose...simple because it was in the broth. I hate red onion. So this is a major compliment. I almost ordered another one.That was followed by the poorly named "beef and cheese" which is actually a tenderloin medallion cooked medium rare, topped with a slice of good brie, in a honey sauce with pecans sprinkled over top. The sauce did not over power, the nuts were a nice add, and the beef was cooked just right with incredible flavor. Really delicious. I also ordered some of the wild mushroom risotto, which, while it was actual risotto, was actually just a tad underdone for my taste. It did have nice big pieces of mushroom, as well as a nice slice of manchego cheese - I actually could have done with more cheese, as the umami sets off the earthy mushrooms well.Finally, molten chocolate cake with blood orange ice cream, ordered on the basis of that ice cream alone. Unfortunately, it really was not very distinguishable from orange sherbet when it arrived. Perhaps if it had been a sorbet. It didn't have the strong dark flavor I associate with blood orange...I think I was really hoping for a sorbet, with a cleaner taste. The cake itself was good, very dense and very rich. Also came out very hot - I almost burned my tongue.In the end, I'm happy about this recommendation. I like being able to try lots of things, that ceviche was dynamite, and my waiter was very helpful as well. Very good experience.
4	Yes!The Octupus was the best I ever had.  Top notch tapas.  The service was friendly and professional.  It is worth the trip, and worth the money.
2	This place could have been great rather than just ok. The idea of a Spanish tapas bar in Vegas sounds like a perfect match when thinking of the energy, flavors and style of tapas dining. However, considering all the great fancy fused dining options in Vegas that already look like this place, they should have spent more time on making the food tasty and giving diners an authentic taste/experience in a cool modern Spanish setting than just making the plating look pretty in a non descript space.
4	The decor is generic and way too effin' noisy, but the food is wonderful.I had a roasted salmon tapas dish with truffle something ... divine. I also had a cheese plate so exquisite it caused me to moan out loud. My companions had a bunch of different things that were delicious as well, but to be frank I was in such a stupor over my La Serena soft sheep's milk cheese that the roof could have fallen in and I wouldn't have noticed.
5	Top notch modern Spanish tapas served in a very cool, contemporary setting.The food combines the traditional flavors with just the right amount of modern, molecular gastronomy to keep it cool and fresh.  After several visits, these are my favorites:Ceviches.  Excellent.  Both (white fish and mixed seafood that adds shrimp and octopus) are near perfect.  The seafood is extremely fresh, peppers and onions still retain their crunch, and the lime juice adds a bright finish without being overpowering.Angulas (baby eels).  The slight brininess of the eels blends perfectly with the garlic and chili oil that they are served in.  If hundreds of eyes looking up at your from your fork is a problem, skip this dish.Incredible ham.  The serano is good but the imported pata negra is much better.  A real treat although I would prefer that no sauces or accompaniments be served with it.  Why mask a good thing?Paellas.  How can you not love chicken, rabbit, and chorizo rice or calamari, shrimp, mussels and monkfish.  All the proteins are cooked perfectly and deeply flavor the saffron rice.  Plan ahead if you want to enjoy the paellas.  They all take about 30 minutes to prepare.Service is excellent.The wine list is extensive with a lot of choices from Spain which pair nicely with the food.  Prices are fair by Vegas standards.
2	I can almost blame my gf for going here. ;)  When I said "I think I'm going back to Todd English's place" she said "um, again!?"Whilst walking toward it I saw this gleaming beautiful restaurant at Aria, looked at the menu and decided to try it.  I should have checked yelp first, though.The waitstaff was very nice and the service was prompt.  So I guess the design, decor and waitstaff are about the best things about this place.  I mean ... I know Serrano's reputation ... so ... what the hell.The "marinated" olives were ... what ... marinated in friggin' olive oil?  I think anyone could do that.  They were bland.  The chicken croquetas were ... equally bland.  I started to wonder if the chefs were opposed to using any seasoning.  Then the albondigas came out and ... well ... equally as bland.About three quarters of the way through one of the waitstaff asked if everything was good and I asked if the chef had salt or pepper in the pantry.  With one bite left -- yes, I ate everything as it was my first meal of the day -- they begrudgingly brought salt and pepper to my table.The server told the manager what I'd said and he came over and in essence said "Everyone loves this place; there's no way it could be bland."  Since I had my macbook pro open -- as I was editing photos from an assignment -- I showed him his yelp rating and the fact at least half of the people felt the same way I did.  He still stuck to his guns.I was like, "Cool, bro, I'm not the only one who feels this way."Unless this chef gets chewed out by Serrano and is told/taught how to season food I wouldn't be charmed into this place by decor alone.Not only ... I'm totally checking yelp next time before venturing in somewhere shiny and pretty.This place is a total pass for me.Perhaps they should put salt and pepper on the tables?
4	great idea to have small portions of everything and to share with everyone else on the table.waitstaff was great, although we had to wait for our table- and we had reservations- but the food and drink was worth it, loved the salmon with truffle- melt in your mouth salmon and the chewy portabello underneath was a great compliment and the pintxo de chorizo was heavenly. when we go back to vegas, i'm bringing the family!
3	What's a girl to do?  Eric R. had some friends in town staying at Aria - they told us to come around 8:45 or 9, but they HAD to be at XS between 10:30 and 11 to line jump into the club.  A Friday night, on the strip, and a quick dinner?  Sounds like Mission: Impossible!Well, I had done some yelp-homework driving over and read a few reviews from yelpers I trust, and figured we might get into Julian Serrano fast and have a decent meal.  Everyone on yelp said potatoes bravas but my weird fiance dislikes potatoes so we did not go for that.We got in fast (they said 15 minute wait, it was 5), and our server was really quick and friendly.  The two friends ordered entrees (lamb chops and chicken breast) but Eric R. and I opted for tapas.  We shared the calamari a la plancha with caramelized onions (definitely one of my faves), the frisee-smoked salmon-anchovy salad (was okay), the ahi tuna cones (too mayo-y and nothing special), and the duck confit with orange (also a fave).  Eric ordered the pizza special and the lobster-pineapple skewers for himself.  He seemed surprised that I didn't want ceviche, but I ordered to share and he doesn't like ceviche.  Plus he ate more than me anyway with his own 2 tapas.We also split a pitcher of Sangria ($44, much higher than off the strip of course) but it was about 1.5 glasses per person for $11 each rather than 1 for $9 each, so it seemed to be a good deal.  Overall, it was pricey and okay, the service was good, but we don't plan to return.
3	Meh.  This was a culinary let down.  I'm a fan of Tapas and here is what I thought.  Pretty expensive for what you get and really nothing that special.Nice staff and atmosphere - hip, funStuffed dates - fry oil past it's prime ?Lamb Chop - Very Fatty, half raw.Lobster Salad - really good.Olives - they're olives.White anchovy - very saltyPotato/Onion Gratin - so salty it was stupidSo, not so amazing.  I think Serrano of Picasso fame is a great chef, but Serrano was just average Tapas.
3	I am a big fan of Tapas. Having been to Spain a number of times I am somewhat of a Tapas-snob, if you will. I wanted to try this restaurant because, well...it's a Julian Serrano! And it was in the new city center where my friends and I wanted to be. The ambiance left something to be desired. It was an open plan and open to the "mall" or whatever you call the Aria lobby. It almost gave off the feeling of a food court. And when you're paying top dollar for tapas, you want an ambiance. But regardless, the sangria was perfect, not too sweet and had the perfect balance of wine and fruit. The lobster gaspacho is so delicious, but I wish the bowl was bigger. With the gaspacho came an egg that may have been dipped in liquid nitrogen. It was exquisite. We also tried the patatas bravas, which were good and pretty much one of the only traditional things on the menu. I also had the tuna cones, which were fantastic and the lobster with molecular pineapple. This was my first experience with molecular gastronomy. I will say it was definitely interesting. The pineapple ended up having the texture of polenta. Overall the food was good but with the decor and pricing, I expected more.
4	Was there on a Friday night with some out of town friends.  Just came back from the M Hotel on the outskirts and then headed here.  Reservation was at 9pm which was fine.Arrived, they walked us through to the back of the restaurant near a huge wall display.  Told the waiter it was our first time here and he guided us through the tapas and made suggestions.  We settled on about 5-6 various tapas with a bottle of Champagne.  Wonderfully done.  Service was prompt, as soon as one plate was empty it was cleared and the next tapas brought to the table.  Glasses were kept filled as they should have been and we didnt have to do a thing.  Wonderful.Main course came, we ordered two variations of paella, one traditional and one with lobster.  Along with this a lovely Rioja that just fit together very well with the food.  One thing that amazed me, either time passed very slowly with the appetizers or we went into time warp but the paella came out quickly.   Couldnt have been more than 15 minutes, and the restaurant was full.One thing I do remember was the bathroom.  Nice music inside, clean and as it should be.  I was impressed, and if I'm impressed with the bathroom, imagine how the restaurant is.Really well put together place.  Waiters and waitress' did an excellent job at guiding us through the evening.  Somebody knew how to run a restaurant.  Hope that its the same when I go back for another visit.
4	A whole new take on tapas -- some mini- masterpieces here. Highly recommend the chicken croquettes,  beef and cheese.  The lobster and pineapple was a bit out of balance -- lobster overpowered by a tangy pineapple aspic .... chocolate souffle and apple blossoms excellent.
3	This was my first real "tapas" dining experience and probably will be my last.I knew tapas were small plates and meant for sharing...but um, what is there to share?  Unless you're here for a snack or on a really strict diet, it may not be a good choice if you're hungry.  The 3 Stars is not just for SMALLER than normal portions, but the lack in flavor of some of the Tapas.1.  Bacon wrapped stuffed dates:  1 star.  Isn't the bacon supposed to be salty to contrast the sweet date?  The whole thing was just too sweet and bacon was burnt and had no saltiness. 2.  Pork Belly:  1 Star.  Not really pork belly, just a piece of roast pork.  One bite and it was all gone.  Nothing spectacular.3.  Lobster skewers: 1 Star.  Just skip it. trust me.Fortunately, there was a light at the end of the Tapas tunnel.  We decided to order the Mixed Paella and it turned out to be delicious!  It was one of the best paellas I've ever had.  For $50, enough to share...or feed one hungry person.Also, I have to give stars to the service.  This place had really good service and the Sommelier was very knowledgeable and made really great suggestions for wine pairings.
4	Seeing as the pub next door had a line of 500 for nickel PBR's, and Beso seated their last table 20 minutes prior, tapas seemed like the most appropriate choice for a 10:30PM dinner.  Besides, without any walls, who could resist looking in and admiring the millions of colorful little mosaic pieces that tiled the floors and columns?  Absolutely stunning. Service was attentive.  The host at the door smiled sincerely.  The waiter greeted us with a courteous grin - serious, yet gentle. Sangria was sampled, and the red was chosen.  The white offered friendly flavors, sweet for those who cringe at the bitters from reds.  However, the red stood bold, while embracing the sweets of the fruits.  It was just a beautiful mixture of character and quality.Raspberry Tuna. Amazing.  Visually, you acknowledge two cubes of the deep, dark shades of red.  One cube has four sides rolled in a mixture of toasted black and white sesame seeds.  The other cube, skewered and stacked elegantly on top, had a gentle dash of pixie dust (otherwise known as wasabi powder).  Gently lift the skewer, but careful not to let it rip through the cubes... The raspberry cube instantly melts - velvety and smooth - offering tart flavors to the subtle tuna and sesame seeds. Garlic shrimp - another winner.  Chorizo and mashed potatoes - perfect for a pre-going out item.  I have yet to try the paella - perhaps when I go with a party of 12.  My advice: try everything on the menu.
5	This place fits the atmosphere. Anyone rating anything lower must be a Tapas fanatic. Anyways, every order was great. If your going to hit any club after this is the type of place that won't give you the food coma. You can't go wrong with any thing you choose here i think. Like what i said about the atmosphere, i feel the same about price. If your going to worry abour price, then maybe hit up the cafe, not in aria, somewhere else. Price is going to be high, but what can you expect. Ever saw that movie "get him to the greek" and remember what Ditty said about vegas? well yeah, if you know it, then accept it and enjoy the ride. But yeah, this place is what it is. Enjoy the food, cause not only are you in vegas, but the quality fits the price. The pork belly was to die for. The seafood dishes i had were perfect with spice. Finally the only regret i had was i didn't take pictures cause presentation was the best. Coming back for sure.
4	Came here with a group of friends (4 people total). Started off with a mojito (was standard) and my friend got the ginger pear julep, which was pretty good, a little on the sweet side. Note that this restaurant is not traditional in the sense that it isn't in an enclosed area but rather just an open spot in the Aria, a beautiful hotel. Stand outs for the night included the creamy risotto (this one went SUPER fast), steamed mussels (delicious and you get a lot), flat calamari (whole calamari, not diced or cut up), the huevos estrellados (fries with the chorizo and egg, very good), and the tuna cones. Downers were the brava potatoes (they were okay) and the white ceviche. All in all, a decent meal and a fair price (considering it was Las Vegas). Portions are a little small so make sure you ask for bread and use it to dip it into all the different types of dishes!
5	"mmmm!" i LOVE tapas and this place is awesome! I especially adore the atmosphere, not too fancy fancy, but not too casual either; just perfectly sweet.  I went here for dinner to celebrate one of my best friend's 30th birthday.  It's definitely fun to share a pitcher of sangria while sharing a bunch of yummy small plates.Here's what we ordered; well the only ones I remember since I Yelped a couple weeks too late.  But if I remembered them, they're good!- Lobster Salad: a small serving but worth every bite!  We all loved it!-Tuna Cones: I love  tuna and I love avocado.  The cucumber makes this plate taste really fresh.  This dish is delish!-Salmon Truffle: This dish was my most favorite.  I love truffle; the taste of mushrooms paired with Salmon in this plate is a perfect match.  It's like luxury in your mouth; mouth watering - GOOD!-Cheese platter: everything on this plate is yum if you love cheese like me and my girls doI think this place is great if you're unsure of what to eat because you have a variety on the menu to choose from and it's always fun having a lot of things to share; either with friends, or your significant other.  Tapas is always fun to eat!
4	The tapas here were full of flavor. Mussels were great, shrimp skewer eh, ok. The pork beef Fois GRAS was great... The best was the service and the sommelier Desi is really good. He's a level three som, which shows the knowledge and just follow his suggestions, trust me I'm a som, the wines are good.
5	AMAZING lunch here!  We had Brava Potatoes (with a tomato sauce and aioli), Gambas (shrimp in garlic butter and chilis), chorizo with garlic mashed potatoes, serrano ham, and chicken chirondon (served with a tomato sauce and fresh rosemary sprig).  I had a white sangria, my husband had a delicious Pinot, and our daughter had a virgin sangria - all really good.    The most innovative tapa was the lobster & "molecular" pineapple skewers - yummy.  Dessert was to die for:  I had churros with a spicy hot chocolate dipping sauce, and our daughter had a molten chocolate orange cake.  The presentation was beautiful, and the service was attentive. We've had tapas in Toronto, Boston, Mission Viejo, CA and Mojacar, Spain, and this is ranks up there with the best. An added plus: make sure you use the restroom for Spanish lessons while you do whatever you're doing in there (the Men's, I'm told, has a racier bent).
5	Best place we ate at in Las Vegas.  The food was amazing.  The service was terrific.  We had an issue with one of our tapas being late to the table, without any prompting, the waiter removed it from the bill.    Ever single dish was outstanding!
5	One of the best Topas resturants there! Great atmosphere inside the city center. A must have is the Paella! But I do not think I have had anything there that I didnt like!
4	Good $$$ food, but tiny tiny portions. Listen to your waiter when he says you should order at least 3-4 tapas per person. We shared:Tuna tempura: 4/5 Angus beef: 3/5 came out medium when we ordered medium rare, nothing specialBrava potatoes: 4/5 creamy and spiced sauce gave it a nice kick. Mixed paella: 3/5 seafood flavor is overwhelming! Lobster pieces are sufficient if you aren't that hungry.
3	For my last meal in Vegas, I wanted to try a place on the Strip owned by a "name" chef. And why not try a different cuisine out at the same time? When I came across Julian Serrano at the Aria, I knew this was the place to try. It is my first time trying out Spanish cuisine, not counting an Elite Event at Pintxo last year.While the dinner entree menu is high priced, I found lunch here to be reasonably priced. Tapas are offered for lunch alongside items like sandwiches, salads and paellas which range from $10-$14.The decor is Spanish with a lot of bold and bombastic colors. Yellow being dominant. It is an upscale restaurant, but it feels very inviting. Even though I was dressed casually, I felt comfortable here. Though this was at lunch. Not sure what the vibe at dinner is like here.I had the seafood rice ($14) which is a paella that has calamari, mussels, shrimp and monkfish! It is served in an individual size skillet which I praise for presentation. The actual dish itself was okay. It was a little too salty. Probably from the stock. The saffron rice could have cooked a little longer. Tasted a bit firm. I did like all of the seafood and the green beans were fresh and crisp however.I did also get a red sangria ($9) here. It is good, albeit a little pricey. The  drink was filled with orange and apple slices. It is a good addition to your meal.Overall, I like Julian Serrano more than I dislike it. Seemed like the dish that I had was not executed as well as I would have liked. Still the lunch menu here is worth checking out for moderately priced eats.
5	GREAT lunch at Julian Serrano..me and my fiancee's last meal before leaving LV. Every single thing we put into our gaping maws we loved......lobster gazpacho, goat cheese-stuffed piquillo peppers, fried potatos with chorizo and fried eggs, seafood-saffron rice, bread with tomato and machego cheese, tuna/raspberry skewers, lobster/pineapple skewers....I definetily want to come back for dinner when they have a more extensive menu. The pitcher of sangria we got was $$$$ at 44 bucks, but it was huuuuugge. Service was very good and our server made good recommendations.
5	We recently celebrated a 40th birthday with 18 friends for dinner at Julian Serrano.  Everyone loved the food, Sangria, and the service.  We couldn't have been happier, and we'd highly recommend this restaurant for a similar event.
3	I was pleasantly surprised by Julian Serrano.  The 9 of us went for dinner on Saturday night and it was pretty packed.  The service was excellent and very proper which I loved.To drink, I had the Manzana Delizioso and it was so delicious!  Not too sweet, fresh apple taste.To eat, we had:Mixed Seafood Ceviche: really good.  Seafood was fresh and the flavors were excellent.Meat and Cheese: piece of perfectly cooked medium rare soft tenderloin and a slice of brie cheese atop a slice of baguette.  Delish!Mushroom Risotto:  cooked al dente.  This was good but it didn't blow me out of the water.Fried Calamari: calamari could have been bigger.  I felt like I was mostly eating fried batter.  The roasted pepper sauce was good but not great.Bacon Wrapped Dates: I've had this dish tons of times before and I sometimes even make it at home but this wasn't very good here.  I think it was mainly because it was fried.  I had never had this dish fried but I didn't think it added anything to it.  As the matter of fact, the fried aspect brought this dish down.Crispy Pancetta:  pork belly with molecular mozzarella with a shot glass of pea puree.  I wasn't impressed by this dish at all.  I didn't get the whole molecular mozzarella especially because I didn't think it added much to the dish.  You can barely taste it.  The pea puree?  Eh, it wasn't great either.  I just didn't think the components of this dish came together well.Black Rice: undercooked.  The seafood in it was good but the rice was hard.  Wouldn't order this again.Brava Potatoes:  cubes of cooked potato with some type of sauce on it.  Underwhelming.I give this place 3 stars because it's ok but not great but I would still go back for a pre-partying dinner.  It's nice because you can get a bunch of dishes and share and not get too stuffed.  Oh yeah, and I really appreciated their great service! :)
5	My first night back in Vegas, we decided to grab a quick bite and were not disappointed. I love food, with a passion. I consider myself well versed in most countries offerings,  but Spanish tapas are still an unknown territory for me. I'll eat anything delicious and left the ordering to my more experienced dinner date.Baby eels, yes, baby eels. I love baby eels now. Tender, juicy, full of flavor. Wish I could get some baby eels right now. Yes the plates are small, but that's the beauty of tapas. You order several plates and share. The chefs did a great good of bringing out the natural flavors in all our choices and the champagne pairing we chose with the help of our knowledgeable waiter made it a perfect meal to start out our stay at Aria. A table close by ordered the Lobster Paella, that is NOT a small plate. And it smelled AMAZING! I will be be back!
5	I came here just a few weeks ago with my best friend and her family, and we were stayed at Aria. When she said we were eating at a tapas restaurant, I wasn't that excited because I had never really tried anything like it, and it didn't sound appetizing. Boy was I wrong! Although plates weren't main course-sized, the tastes weren't anything short of spectacular. We ordered so much food I thought they would never stop bringing out plates! Ahi tuna tempura, tuna-raspberry skewer, crispy pancetta iberica, tuna cones, fried calamari, salmon with truffle, creamy risotto....we ordered it all! Everything was so delicious and fresh with flavor. The portions turned out to be just right so you could try a little bit of everything and I admit I got two plates of the risotto! The service was impeccable, with waiters left and right, always ready to re-fill your glasses, clear your plates and bring you more dishes. It is a little pricey and I won't mention what our bill total came to, but I definitely recommend this restaurant to everyone!!
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas!  I make sure I stop here at least once with every visit.Favorites:Ahi Tuna Tempura--    I'm not a big fan of Tempura, but this is off the charts. Finely breaded, then like a sheet of paper... pure excellence.Tuna-Rasberry Skewer-  what amazing combination of flavors- pops in your mouth--  muah!!Ceviches--all of them are amazing--   same level as "La Mar".Fresh Calamari a la Plancha--  so fresh!Brava Potatoes--classic Spanish appetizer-  watch out-  you'll want to eat the entire bowl. Grilled Angus Flat Iron Steak--  this is  so good!So, next time you're in Vegas--go to the Aria Hotel and check out Julian Serrano-- you won't be disapointed.Oh yeah,  try the drunken cherry drink--   amazing!!
4	I had the pleasure of dining at Julian Serrano 2 nights in a row during my recent trip to Vegas. We didn't have reservations either time but found quick and easy seating, with friendly and attentive service, at the bar. Night 1 we stopped in for tapas and drinks. We ordered the mixed seafood ceviche (I could have eaten a bucket full of that stuff), the tuna-raspberry skewer (beautiful, tender, melt-in-your-mouth tuna), and the seared scallops (perfectly cooked). Everything was very fresh, very flavorful, and absolutely delicious. I also enjoyed the tasty red sangria. Night 2 we were tired of paying Vegas food prices and decided that $45 paella for 2 sounded perfect. We started with a lovely Mediterranean bass. I almost licked the remaining tomato confit off the plate. Then came our "marinera" paella and, unfortunately, it was quite underwhelming. All of the individual ingredients were certainly fresh-tasting but the dish itself was under-seasoned and bland. Very disappointing.I highly recommend Julian Serrano for the tapas and I hope to try a different "platos grande" another time.
5	What I had:* Spanish Tortilla (potatoes | eggs | onion)* Brava Potatoes (spicy tomato | alioli sauce)* Paella Valenciana (chicken | rabbit | spanish pork chorizo | vegetables | saffron rice)What better place for Tapas than Julian Serrano...Bummer....No Julian Serrano here in CA...Me and my friend loved this place...Everything was great, service, promptness, quality of food...Paella Valenciana: I haven't had rabbit for a long time and the texture of the meat was cooked to perfection...The Spanish Tortilla: though it sounds pretty simple is the perfect timing to cook its 3 ingredients, the result an amazing product...Brava Potatoes: Out of this world...I did not have dessert since I was pretty full, but I bet you it was going to be as awesome as the food...Looking forward to go back to Vegas...
5	I really wanted to eat at Sage again (my favorite restaurant in Vegas) but found out there were closed on Sundays.  Luckily, Julian Serrano is just a couple steps away.   I love Julian Serrano.  I never thought I would say that, especially because I wasn't too impressed by his other restaurant, Picasso at the Bellagio. I have dined here a handful of times and I've enjoyed every meal here.  I think my boyfriend and I have almost ordered every item on the menu.  You can't go wrong with any of the tapas.  They're all tasty and delicious.   I love the lobster gazpacho.  Its so refreshing and the lobster is cooked perfectly.  The seared scallop with romesco sauce is to die for.  I eat this dish all by myself.  The scallop just melts in your mouth.  But my favorite tapa has to be the albondigas (beef and pork meatballs).  I could eat that for breakfast, lunch, and dinner- its that good.  I don't think I could ever get tired of eating that.  The paellas are also very delicious and filling.  Like I said, you can't go wrong with any dish here.  Come with a large group so you can try it all.  Oh, and the pitchers of sangria aren't bad either.
5	My parents go to Vegas all the time and have been raving about Julian Serrano for months. If I trust anyone's opinion about good food, it's my theirs, so I decided to give it a try. Oh. My. Gosh. This place is amazing.We arrived for our reservation at 9 and were promptly greeted and seated in the beautiful dining room. The lighting was perfect, and it felt open and airy yet cozy and comfortable. And the chairs were so comfortable - I could have stayed there all night.Anyway. Onto the food. I'm a huge fan of tapas in general. I think it's so nice to be able to order several small plates and have a taste of them all. It feels relaxed and comfortable to share food with friends and family and get to ooh and ahh over the same stuff. Plus, there's no awkward lingering jealousy when someone gets a perfectly cooked steak and you just ordered overcooked chicken. Not that anything was overcooked at Julian Serrano. Quite the contrary. Everything was cooked to perfection.Here's what we had - complete with letter grades:Seared Scallops and Romesco Sauce: A+The scallops were to die for. Melted in my mouth. They were naturally sweet and paired brilliantly with the romesco sauce. Probably the best scallops I've had - and I eat a lot of scallops. I can never turn down scallops.Pork Belly, Petit Pois Puree and Molecular Mozzarella: APerfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned. The cold pea soup offered nice contrast. (I hate saying things like that.)Duck Leg, Orange Sauce and Fresh Orange: AI sound like a broken record, but perfectly cooked and seasoned. Delicious.Wild Mushroom Risotto, Manchego Cheese and Natural Jus A-Creamy and flavorful. I scraped the plate shamelessly.Mini Spanish Pork Chorizos, Garlic Mashed Potatoes and Garlic Sauce: B+These were great and had they not been served on the same table as the pork, duck and scallops I'd probably remember them more clearly. I think we also had black rice, but I didn't care for it too much (FYI - it was my dad's favorite, so don't not order it on my account!)I also had the sangria - they add brandy to theirs so it has a great depth to it. I'm no sangria expert, but I'd order theirs anytime.
4	I've been there twice on my recent trip to Vegas. Very, very good food. Everything was extremely tasty. The waiters are a bit condescending and cold, but they are knowledgeable. Portions are even smaller than you would expect, but really good. I will go back for sure.
5	Mmm. Firefly to the tenth power. Food came out bangin'. To begin we ordered the stuffed dates, some of the lightly breaded calamari, pan y manchego cheese, paella and I believe braised mussels. Definitely one of the best food experiences I've had since moving here. Paella was delicious. It came out hot, with a lobster claw and a ginormous prawn for the "Mixed Paella" that was nice and tender. Service was on point -- filling our water when needed, divvying our paella, providing us with some bread when we needed to sop up some mussel juice even. Service wasn't too obtrusive and dispite being a little secluded in the back corner (it was by choice as I wanted for me and the date to have a little privacy) came by frequently enough to check up on us when needed. Oh and all that seafood paired with the light, crisp white wine sangria just made my mouth melt. I wanted a pitcher. But watch out tho' folks, just like any well prepared, crazy yummy, addictive sangria, this one is a creeper drink. Talk about the perfect libation to cool off that stifling Los Wages heat. Definitely enough to get that party started.. When it was all said and done we were so full we passed up dessert.One *very* minor knock though is the restaurant's casual ambiance. While I knew it was a fairly laid back spot with it's open air setting I expected at least a few secluded areas with more private dining where I didn't have to hear the adjacent table's conversation.. or visa versa. But so what, it may not be an incredibly romantic spot but the great food, white wine sangria and service left me wanting to come back for more, date in tow or not.
3	Overall, a good experience, but wouldn't go back. The good- takes reservations, helpful waiter, pretty fast service, decent food, and splits the bill 5 ways with 5 credit cards.  The bad- it ate my wallet, inside and out.  serving size is ok to share, and ok to not share.What we ordered: lobster salad- decent.  not too specialcrispy pancetta iberica- pork was excellent (nice and fatty), but pee puree on the side was nasty.white ceviche- excellent job with this.  the only thing at the end was that it got super sour. mediterranean bass- nice and moist.  nothing too special about it, but they did a good job of it.tuna cones- aesthetically pleasing to look at.  i don't really like avocado, but it was good to eat.  towards the end though, it got a little too rich and creamy. seared scallop- i've had better.  came out rubbery since it was a little overcooked.  don't order this.  only two pieces too!pato confitado- my dish of the night.  duck was SUPER tender, SUPER moist.  the sauce was excellent.  a MUST-TRY.  grilled angus flat-iron steak- just the regular.  don't bother wasting your time since you can get it practically anywhere.  bacalao a la gabardina- battered fried fish.  nothing too special but the dipping sauce was good.red sangria- couldn't really taste the fruit in there, but it was good.virgin sangria- tasted like a dole fruit juice, but better.  had fresh strawberry puree in it.  We ordered double of three dishes, but all this was enough to get us pretty full.  The desserts looked appetizing, but since we were in a happy place and out wallets already emptied out, we called it a meal.  Just...be prepared to spend $40-$50 per person at least if you're planning on eating this for a full on meal.  Enjoy!
4	Stuffed dates and peppers are AWESOME also love the lobster/ pineapple bites! Sangria is good not great. Great for a group!
5	I took a party of six to Julian Serrano for an early dinner on a Saturday.  We ordered twelve different tapas and four desserts and barely a crumb was left when we were done.  Here's a descripton of some of the tapas we tried:--Calamari--Light and delicious!  The breading was light and the calamari was fresh and not chewy.--Cheese plate--Everyone enjoyed trying the different cheeses-- the manchego and goat cheese were table favorites.--Egg ravioli--This was unreal!  I have no idea how they put a poached egg wrapped in bacon inside of a fried phyllo shell, but it was fantastic.   Very mild taste.--Spanish pizza (with sobrasada)--The crust was buttery and delicious and the toppings were a big hit.--Mushroom risotto--This risotto was the tastiest I have ever had in the U.S.  --Lobster and pineapple skewers--beautiful presentation and the lobster was very fresh--Wilted baby spinach--I am not a big lover of spinach but this was delicious!Our favorite dessert was the Spanish donuts with caramel dipping sauce.  We enjoyed the almond cake was well.Our entire party enjoyed the dining experience.  We had great service, too.  I can't wait to go again!
3	So Sunday we were looking for something different. We decided tothis place out. Tapas in general were very good. The Paella was ok and the Red Sangria was flavourful. Compared to the tapas joint here in Maimi, we thoroughly enjoyed it.
5	Amazing! We went here for a Father's Day/My Bday dinner before going to a show. I wanted tapas and Julian Serrano delivered. We started with Pan Manchego (manchego cheese on bread with tomato and garlic sauce), Serrano ham, and the ahi tuna sticks. The tuna sticks were just ok. Then we ordered Seared Scallops (which were cooked to perfection - not overdone, and so sweet, like butter), pintxo de chorizos (chorizo sausage with mashed potatoes) - OK, camarones a la plancha (the shrimp head is the best!), sutffed dates - ok. We also ordered 3 other things - but my list is already too long. Then we ordered the almond cake and bunuelos (little donuts) for dessert.The bunuelos came with a caramel sauce and our server said they would be good with the chocolate sauce that comes with the churros, so she brought a small bowl of that. It was a spicy chocolate sauce that was awesome!Their red sangria was excellent, and our server's knowledge about Spanish wines came in handy. Overall, I had a great dinner here and would love to come back.
4	This place was great I loved the atmosphere the most.  We went with 2 friends and I had a great time.  The wait staff  was very nice.  Well now to the food.  The avocado roll with salmon was great it was light and refreshing. We had the octopus with potatoe and that was very nice it was very well seasoned and the octopus was very tender. The paella was so so I have had way better.  There was black rice with seafood and was very good. I would def go back again.
5	Great tapas and sangria
3	Meh, they definitely fall into the pretentious crowd and given that ARIA's giving their rooms away and they are right near check-in that makes them a bit silly. I came mid-day by myself and sat at the bar but service lagged while they talked to each other 3 feet away from me.I really like the decor and the food options were interesting, but I was underwhelmed with what I got. I had a tuna-watermelon dish but could barely taste the tuna because the watermelon was so overwhelming. The riesling I paired with it may have been also to blame.
4	Who doesn't love Spanish tapas?I came here with a group of 6 girls for a bachelorette party dinner, which the bride-to-be generously arranged for the bridesmaids. We had a long night ahead of us and knew we should eat, but didn't want to get too full and uncomfortable in our dresses, so tapas was perfect for the occasion. Everything we ordered was truly fabulous! The highlight I would have to say was the paella. Just thinking about it makes me hungry - they cooked a relatively thin layer of seafood infused rice in a traditional paella pan, and the bottom had a perfect crust when it came out. And paella is one of those dishes that are best when a tad (overly) salty with a strong seafood flavor. We ordered one pan and it was so delicious we had to order another one (which proved to be critical later on in the night).The waitstaff is also very friendly and not pushy at all - he recommended we order a few dishes to start, and to add more later if needed.Note this restaurant is located inside ARIA in an open space, so the tables are clustered around in the lobby area (it's not an enclosed restaurant, but there is a more concentrated area of tables with more privacy), so people may be walking by as you dine depending on where you're seated.Overall, very much recommend this place for great food in a more casual environment.
3	Just another reason why I love the Aria (#1 reason- that vanilla smell!  Supposedly it's an aphrodisiac).  Julian Serrano's atmosphere is great- I wish I had taken a picture of the pretty trees all around the restaurant.  And boy do I love tapas. Here's what we got (or at least what I remember)Ahi Tuna Tempura with avo & mango salad and wasabi foam: The foam was a little strange to me but the ahi was delicious!Grilled Angus Flat Iron Steak w/ Eggplant and mushroom demi: MM.  Possibly my favorite.  Super tender and the eggplant was bomb!Salmon with Truffle:  Okay, wait, this one was my favorite.  The truffle sauce was a revelation... HAHA.Tuna Cones: Hm, not bad...but I preferred the tuna tempura.Chicken Chilindron: Pretty good, I didn't really like the combo of tomatoes, chicken and ham initially but after a few bites really warmed up to it.Pan Manchego: Oh man, I may have to change my mind yet again because this was so freaking good.  Evolved bruschetta.The server didn't know if bread was free or not, but gave it to us anyway and later found out it wasn't (but didn't charge us, win!).  Basically consumed my body weight in free bread, because man those tiny plates are hard on the wallet.
4	My friend is a bartender at the lobby bar  at Aria. He recommended julian serrano for a quick bite to eat. Here's my take:Bartender (Primo?) - Awesome guy.White Sangria - C.R.A.P...I would have spit it out but didn't want to    waste the alcoholBeef with Cheese - Really good.Huevos Estrellados - wow. (Primo Says "in heaven, you get to swim in something like that !"
5	Excellent service! Awesome food!
3	The reason for the three stars - the service.  Horrific service!We arrived at 3:30 pm, looking for a light snack as we were traveling with another couple who liked to take the afternoon in their room.  We were having dinner in a couple of hours at horrible Rio, so glad we stopped and enjoyed this meal.When we finally got  a waiter, we ordered the bravas - incredibly excellent, the tuna cones - not bad needed more pepper, a mixed antipast sausage plate which had some spanish chorizo that just melted in my mouth.  I wanted seconds, thirds and fourths!I also ordered a white sangria, not bad, very refreshing.Hubby ordered the beer.  Here is where it starts to go downhill.First waiter does not come to table for a solid 10 minutes.  They're all standing around talking.  The place was empty by the way.  Second, had no clue what they had on tap.  Totally absimally clueless.Brought over a menu of drinks, had to call him to come back after another 10 minutes went by!! We get our tapas, where the drinks?  After being halfway through our meal, we get my Sangria, no beer.We finish the meal, no one ever comes back to the table to check to see how we're doing, refill the water, nothing. We ask for the check, a different waiter comes by and guess what - the beer is present.  So we ask for it to be removed we never got it.After some scoffing and a 'what?, Well let me bring it to you now, its sitting on the bar".  Excuse me?  Its been there for at least 10 minutes.  You can keep it.The two waiters now start arguiing and manager has to remove the drink.  We paid and actually thought of returning and sitting in the bar, but frankly were too tired to make the trek for bad service.Great food though.
5	We had dinner at Julian Serrano on Sunday during the memorial day long weekend.  We arrived at around 7 without a reservation and the hostess was able to find us a table, which was great, because i was not too keen on sitting at the bar.  We ordered a pitcher of sangria right away, chicken paella.  Had the best Iberiberico (Spanish black pig) tapas, it was so yummy...soft and tender like wagyu, but not so fatty like wagyu.  The sangria was great...we ended up eating all the fruit inside the pitcher, which were wine soaked.  Besides the chicken paella and iberiberico tapas, we also got a couple other tapas, risotto with mushrooms and something else i cannot remember.  Dinner wasn't cheap, it came to $180 for 2 people, but we can't wait to go back the next time we're in Vegas.
5	Muy expensivo but awesome artisan desserts.   And the coffee.. one of the best I've ever sent between my lips...
3	In the land of tasty Vegas cuisine, Julian Serrano finished right smack in the middle of it all. While it wasn't remarkable, it was a fine meal overall. The Good: The decor is shiny and bright, servers are attentive and helpful and there's a fair amount of tapas to appease just about any palate. In particular, the calamari, stuffed dates, risotto were standouts. Portions were mostly averaged sized, some much more generous than others. The Meh: Like many tapas places, Julian Serrano can get really pricey if you're on the hungry side. I wasn't blown away by the sangria...it was fine but nothing I haven't experienced before. And a handful of the dishes we ordered were good, but not great (pork, ceviche). And while I did like the decor, the location of the restaurant definitely doesn't lend itself to any intimate date. It's smack dab in the middle of all the check in/check out action at Aria. If you looking to share a few small plates, have a drink with friends, this is a great place to check out. Don't expect to have an uber romantic experience, though!
5	I absolutely love this place! So many chefs claim to master Spanish cooking, but so few of them do it well. The food you will get here is authentically Spanish. The Paella Valenciana is EXCELLENT, cooked to perfection, with enough "socarra" (the burnt stuff on the bottom on the pan) to prove its authenticity. The Brava Potatoes (known as "patatas bravas") were done a bit differently than what you would be served in Madrid, but the taste was very similar. The creamy, garlic-y, tomato-y sauce was delicious. The lamb chops are also delicious and cooked to perfection, perfectly medium, with a jus that is salty and savory. Delicious! If you want to splurge on Serrano ham, go for the Pata Negra. It is the best of the best, and though it is very pricey - and portions are quite limited - you'll be able to taste the difference between that and the processed cured hams you get at the supermarket. The wine selection is also nice, and if you're going to dine here, you might as well pair your meal with Spanish wines, like a nice Rioja or any of their sangrias. I have been here several times, and plan on doing so in the future as well. It is one of the best new restaurants in town.
3	DO NOT get the Early Tasting Menu.  Each dish was pretty underwhelming.  By no means was it bad, but I was just expecting more.  The saving grace of the meal was that my group also ordered the tuna/raspberry skewer.  Delicious!  Opt out of the tasting menu and get a bunch of these plates.  Yummy...
4	I fell in love with their egg ravioli. It's a warm little pastry puff with a runny egg yolk inside.  It's heavenly.  While I was enjoying this dish it took me solid 10 seconds to realize... how in the world is this possible?  I guess that's one of the mysteries in life.  The potatoes and chorizo on the side of a main dish were also very delicious.The other tapas dishes were good, pretty much what you would expect.  Everyday we would pass by Julian Serrano in the hotel lobby and want to get the egg ravioli to-go.
1	This is the worst place we have EVER eaten!!!! That's all I have to say!Wait one more thing YUCK! I just threw up a little in my mouth after that horrible meal! Stay away! Treat it as if you would get A rash just for eating there.
3	The place is beautiful. Depending on time of day and crowd, there is energy here. The waiters are excellent. The food...not that good! Perhaps they were having an off day, but everything was a little too delicately flavored for me. The Brava Potatoes are comparable to the Cheesy Fiesta Potatoes at Taco Bell (congratulations Taco Bell, I guess). And the mixed paella was a oil drenched rice with overcooked crab and lobster.
4	Food: Most of what we ordered was well-cooked and well-seasoned. Highlights include the gazpacho (light and refreshing), brava potatoes (tasty alioli sauce), egg ravioli (crunchy outside, subtle savory creamy inside), creamy risotto (very salty, but I like it), and churros (the chocolate sauce is very good). Other dishes such as salmon with truffle, garlic mussels, albondigas, and paella were also quite good. The only mildly dissapointing dish was the tuna-raspberry skewer, which had a little bit too much raspberry flavor.Service: Friendly and attentive.Ambience: Open to the casino, but not too loud. Decor is modern/trendy. It's a very nice place.I'd give this place a 4.5 if I could.
3	Oops! This is a way overdue review...came to this place May 2010 with my boyfriend when we visited Aria for the first time. We were looking for a place to grab a bite and happened to pass by Julian Serrano.  We walked in and got seated right away.  We looked at their menu and weren't sure what to order, we ended up taking the waiter's suggestions.  We ordered:*Avocado Cannelloni from their New Tapas menu. This dish from what I remember was seaweed with avocado for $14.*Gambas shrimp from their Ceviches and Seafood menu for $12.  This dish had 4 pieces of sauteed shrimps, garlic and arbol chili.When we got our dishes, my BF and I looked at each other surprised - our dishes were small and realized this place was an expensive place to eat.  Our food was delish and we loved both; but we walked out starving.This place is a nice place if you have the money to spend, otherwise go elsewhere.  I'm sure you won't be disappointed with the food here, you're pretty much paying for the taste and presentation; you just have to be willing to spend you money on food.I would go back here if I win some extra cash from gambling, otherwise i'm spending my money on food somewhere else where I can get fool off one meal =)
4	I had made a reservation and we were seated right away. The restaurant was very trendy. The seats looked way comfy however I was in a booth that velvety soft. The first plate was the Golden and Red Beets, can we say delicious!! Everything on that plate was paired perfectly even the sour lemon. Next we had the Lobster pineapple skewers and they were OK. I thought the pineapple was a little mushy not what I was expecting and I didn't really taste the lobster. I really hate having lobster in a dish and not taste it. The third plate was the Creamy risotto and that was decent. The flavor was on par with what I've had, but I don't think the risotto was cooked all the way through. Our final dish was the Conejo AK ajillo( rabbit w/ mash potatoes). It was dry for some of the pieces, but other pieces were good ( I hate to say it but it tasted like chicken). Anyway it's Vegas and the dinner was a very pleasant experience. I had great service all the way through the whole meal, some of the food could be better, but I liked my overall experience! OH and I had their sangria and I would recommend it. It was refreshingly yummy!
5	Since leaving Boston it's been difficult to find a good tapas place on the west coast.  Julian Serranos ends my search.  The food is excellent and   the service is fast and friendly.  Favorite dishes:  black pig pinxto, toritilla espanola, fresh calamari a la plancha, chicken croquetas, montado serrano, and the beef and cheese.
4	Pricey and/but yummy. We tried this place on a whim after giving the casino some money at the craps table. I spent 8 months in Spain, and a lot of the dishes here tasted very authentic! The patatas bravas were so good, and reminded me of the tapas bars in Salamanca!The ahi tuna tempura was also very good, but it didn't go very far...probably too small of a portion if you ask me. We also had the fried calamari, which tasted very fresh and had just the right amount of spice. The service wasn't great (sat at the bar) and the prices are definitely high, but overall this is a nice place to grab a few apps before you go out.
4	Small tapas plates are good but pricey. I enjoyed the white fish ceviche, it was very good and just about right with the citrus. The seafood combo paella was not good, it was too salty and the lobster was bland and mushy as well. never going to order it again, not for $50. The huevos ranchero i believe was very good too. the small plates ranges from $5-$13. yum yum.
1	Don't do it. Way too expensive for the portions. Yes, it's tapas, but so tiny at $12 a plate. It should be more like $6-$9 even if it is swanky Las Vegas at the newest hotel. Plus, we found it odd that the food came out instantly. Clearly not made to order. After spending $100 here, we left hungry enough to go back upstairs to order room service.  There's better places to go. Don't be a sucker.
4	I like it.  I think they have a bit of molecular gastronomy going on with the tuna raspberry skewer where the tuna and raspberry are both in a cube.  But of course they also wrote "molecular" next to the dish.  I had the steak sandwich with fries and a shot of tomato gazpacho and for $12 or so it was a pretty good deal.  I like Aria and seen this place many times, too bad it took me a few times until I tried it.  Anyway I'm definitely coming back here for dinner.
5	When i write a review, I make sure to mention that I am not comparing this place against the universe of restaurants, but against its own expectation. That means that comparing this to Chili's would not be fare to either, I compare to what is advertised and expected. I also rate according to three variables: food, environment and service. However, the perfect food on a non-perfect environment could still deserve perfect ratings going inline with my  'expectations' guideline above. I do not rate pricing, the price influences the expectation. What you would expect: High end, gourmet tapas, smaller portions and priced accordingly, in a contemporary informal setup but at a Vegas prime resort. Service: I sat at the bar by myself on a business trip. The bar tender was super friendly, fare and sincere in his suggestions. Service was right on time. No complaints. Above Vegas service standards in my opinion.Enviro: Its an open space facing the registration deck at the Aria casino, which has a beautiful architecture. Decoration is modern, and table setup is not too formal. Its a little loud when crowded and tables are set close to each other, so it is romantic but may be not "first date" romantic. I was wearing jeans and a jacket and felt perfectly fine. I saw people in slacks and sports jackets and people in dress shorts. All inline with the nice-but-not-so-formal.Food: Here's where it wins. Yes. Portions are not big, but that does not matter. Flavors are artistic and sophisticated, perfectly made for my taste. I would lie to myself with anything less than 5 stars.I tried the risotto, the lamb chop and the gambas and the three were among the best I have ever had.
5	This great Tapas restaurant is located at the beautiful Aria hotel, which is where I was staying this past weekend for a Bachelorette party. The restaurant was recommended by the Bachelorette who had eaten here during her last visit to Vegas. My cousin called Friday morning and we had no trouble making reservations for a Friday evening for 8 ladies. Once we arrived, they asked us to wait a couple minutes to get our table ready but were seated shortly after. Our waiter was friendly and explained the menu to us and how 2-3 plates per person should suffice. We each ordered 2 plates each and a pitcher of Sangria which was delicious and refreshing (it's also what knocked me out early for the evening!). Since some of the girls wanted the same thing, we ended up getting doubles of some. At the end of our meal we still had 2-3 plates of food so I'd definitely recommend only 2 plates per person. All in all, among the 8 of us we had:Huevos Estrellados*White CevicheMixed Seafood Ceviche*GambasBlack RicePinxto de Chorizos*Coca Vegetarian Spanish Tortilla There might have been a few other plates but I forget now. Everything I tried was delicious and I love the idea of small plates because everyone is able to try. You also don't get sick of eating a big dish of something. I put stars next to my favorite dishes of the night. The Huevos Estrellados consisted of Fried Potatoes, Eggs, and Chorizo. The best part of this was breaking the yolk and it oozing over the whole dish. SO GOOD! The Mixed Seafood Ceviche contained Shrimp, Octopus, White Fish, Cilantro, and Lime Juice. This was a great dish to offset the fatty, savory dishes. The lime juice brightened up the flavors of the fresh seafood. Pinxto de Chorizos was Mini Pork Chorizo, Garlic Mashed Potatoes, and Garlic Sauce. Do I still need to elaborate on this dish? It's pork, garlic, pot, and more garlic! DELISH! Great and quick service, friendly service, delicious food, and a great time!
2	i was staying at aria and got a $50 dining credit through the promo i booked.. when deciding where to use the credit on i narrowed the choices to jean georges, sage, and julian serrano..my friend and i agreed to go to this place bc it's spanish and we could get american food any other time.. plus js had at least 3 desserts i wanted to try whereas the other choices had 1 dessert i wanted.. i have a huge sweet tooth so when it's up to me to pick a place desserts are the first thing i look at then entrees..julian serrano is located near the lobby and the decor is nice..after day drinking all day with not even a bite of food in my system, i had a headache from dehydration when dinner time rolled around so i was hungry but at the same time didn't feel like eating..we were seated right away and ordered..-lobster gazpacho: small but refreshing, wish there were more than 2 tiny lobster pcs that equaled the size of half my pinky-avocado cannelloni: no salmon.. didn't the description say salmon? just a really salty seaweed salad stuffed inside avocado slices-charcuterie: too much olive oil on top to make it super greasy and wasn't too tasty either-albondigas: best dish out of everything.. there were about 5-6 small meatballs-mixed paella: undercooked and wasn't that good.. my friend said nothing compares the paella in barcelona..-santiago cake:almond cake with ice cream.. cake was dense but with a scoop a bit of ice cream with each bite and it was ok..i originally wanted to order just the gazpacho, albondigas, 3 desserts but my friend was still drunk and wanted to order more.. i was fine with the paella pick and knew that'd be enough for the two of us but my friend kept wanting to listen to the waiter and order more tapas.. and what did we end up with? cannelloni and charcuterie we weren't going to order and didn't like at all.. i'd only come back to js to order the other two desserts i didnt get to try which were the churros and rice pudding..
4	After checking into the Aria Hotel, my BF and I were hungry for a snack so we decided to check out Julian Serrano's. After overlooking the menu, we were excited to eat some Spanish tapas!We sat at the bar and immediately ordered a pitcher of the red sangria!The bartender was very helpful in recommending some dishes for us to try. For those of you that have never been to a tapas restaurant, tapas are "small dishes" so you can order as many as you want so that you are not focused on eating one big main dish. Here is what we ended up ordering:Goat Cheese Salad ( I love goat cheese and I really liked the hint of mint that accompanied the salad)Ahi Tuna Tempura ( The wasabi foam that they served was good, not over powering but just wished it was a little more than just a dab)Stuffed Piquillo Peppers ( with goat cheese and mushrooms....YUM!)Roasted Marcona Almonds (Don't Bother ordering this)Cheese Platter ( Cana De Cabra, Manchego, Cabrales, La Serena)Spanish Charcuterie Platter ( Chorizo, Salchichon, Sobrasada, Lomo Embuchado) The Cheese and Meat platters were by far my favorite!I will be visiting this place again on my next Vegas Trip!
1	Ok...hold on to your hat for this one! This last monday  I was sitting at the bar having dinner. The hostess trapped a spider in a cup put a lid on it and passed to the the appitizer chef who was working right in front of me.  It was horrible , they thought they were being funny  but the chef added some food to the cup and was planning a joke on someone...OMG i was appalled. I reluctanly ate and left for fear of what may happen to me if i said something.  This was just rediculous.  The bartender who waited on me was very nice thats the only plus.
5	Me and my crew rolled up here for a quick bite before a show.  We ended up not wanting to leave!  The tapas were perfectly prepared and each one was delightful.  Some of the best that I've ever had, even compared to Spain.Our servers were friendly and helpful.  And the final bill was not even that bad for Vegas, about $50 a head.I would definitely go back.
5	The food was amazing! We found this place because we used to go to Picasso at the Bellagio all the time, and the bartender that was always working there, Jason, transferred to Julian Serrano over at Aria. We still go to Picasso for drinks and the water show, but we had to stop by Julian Serrano to say hi to Jason, since he's bartending there now. We've gotten to know Jason over the last few years, and if you have a chance to stop in and say hi, he's a really great guy and one of the best, most knowledgeable, and most personable bartenders in Vegas! So go to Julian Serrano for dinner & drinks, and try some of the most amazing tapas food while you are there. We had a group of 10 for dinner and everyone at the table raved about the food. We ordered about 15 dishes off the menu and shared everything, and everything was seriously delicious! Tell Jason that "Brian from Chicago says he makes a great apple martini", and try one for yourself!
1	We went here for restaurant week lunch.  I guess I should have looked at the regular menu prior to eating here.  I thought they had regular sized entrees but what came out was tapas.  The menu they put up on the restaurant week web site should give some indication that tapas was what was being offered.  While the food tasted fine, I have never gone to a restaurant and left more hungry than when I arrived.  After lunch, two of my companions went to the coffee shop and the other bought a doughnut at the coffee stand.  None of the three are over 110 lbs and they left starving.  Frankly, while dining out, I cannot remember a time I felt more ripped off in my life and I eat out an average of 10 times a week.
3	steamed mussels - 5 stars!  The sauce was delicious but didn't taste guilty.tuna cones - 4 stars! 1 is not going to seem like enough.  Presentation was lovely.stuffed dates - meh.  I wouldn't order again.  The bacon was burnt.montado serrano - meh.  Not bad, but seems like something you can probably make at home with the right ingredients.  I had 2 of the manzanas which were dangerously delicious.  Refreshing and not headache sweet.
5	Discovered this place quite by accident, and glad we did. Each dish had a delicious twist on the traditional tapas menu and these unique additions really made the meal. (I'm talking foams and other molecular gastronomy type twists.)Plenty of options for vegetarians, and the small plate style makes it easy to try a lot or a little. And save room for dessert, they had the best fruit (with sparkling wine foam) I've ever tasted.
4	We finally get to try this expensive tapas place thanks to restaurant week. Very impressive with the Avocado Cannelloni-beautiful presentation and the flavor was refreshing. Chicken Croquetas was deeped fried, bit crunch on the outside and super soft at the inside. I loved the stuffed Piquillo Peppers as well - very rich flavor. I have never imagined pairing Salmon and Truffle but both me and my friend were speechless by this dish. A tiny bit over baked but we love truffle. The main course was a bit too salty but the Pork Chop was perfectly done. Tender and beautiful pink color. Roasted chicken was again bit over baked to my taste and a little dry. Desert wasn't super impressive but the hot chocolate was interesting. I would love to try other stuff @ Julian Serrano again. So far this is my favorite tapas in Las Vegas as in creativity, presentation and flavor.
5	The boyfriend and I came back to this restaurant a year later because we were staying next door at Monte Carlo.  It was better than we remembered.  The Red Sangria was amazing with big pieces of fruits that we ended asking for a spoon and fishing it out of the pitcher to munch on.  We had the following and enjoyed every morsels.  --Cheese Platter with Fig, Pata Negra ham platter, Piquillo Peppers, Spanish tortilla and last but not least the churro and chocolate pot --  The services was excellent--attentive without being intrusive.   Julian Serrano is now a tradition to us and we will be back here everytime we are in Vegas.
3	The menu was exciting. The execution wasn't bad, but it didn't quite delight either. I had the truffled salmon with portobello which was outstanding. The wild mushroom soup with foie gras foam (sounds good, right - if you're a foodie you'd give this a try wouldn't you?) was just ok. The wilted spinach salad was fine - the usual baby spinach, pine nuts, pear chunk creation you'd expect and the '06 Rioja by the glass was pretty good too. The only tapa that failed was the charcuterie. I've had way better dried / cured pork delicacies in Spain, in San Francisco, and even in the Minneapolis airport ( I am not making this up ). The service was really good.  My waiter, Pedro, certainly earned his tip.  The Aria hotel is beautiful and well scented - it doesn't smell like Vegas at all. Overall, the meal a pleasant experience, but there was no chance that my toes were going to curl up uncontrollably from ecstacy  if you know what I mean.
3	A solid 3 star.One of the  top specialty restaurants at Aria, a beautiful restaurant, there are some reasons it only got 3 stars from me.For 2 people the tab was $145, 2 alcohol beverages, 7 tapas, including one big Plastos Grande, what sucked bad was we were still hungry after all those dishes... :( it never happened to me at any Spanish tapa restaurants in LA, honestly I was really a little surprised. The dishes were super tiny even for Spanish tapas... :(Made reservation earlier, hubby asked for a more private booth in the corner, that was a nice comfy seat. our server was friendly, he asked if we have ever tried Spanish tapas, most of them are small dishes, Paellas and Plastos Grandes are bigger dishes, considered to be shared. after taking our drink orders, he gave us some time to decide what to order. Orders for 2 people:Lemon drop martini, Double Patron Margarita : both are strong and yummyMixed baby romaine salad : flavorless Fisherman's soup: OK Tuna-raspberry skewer: flavorless  Egg ravioli: flavorless Monkfish and pisto : flavorlessGrilled angus flat iron steak : fairly deliciousMariscada: the best dish we had, (lobster tail | head-on shrimp | scallop | mussels | clams | savory meringue), $35, the seafood in it was so fresh, very flavored but not salty.Other dishes were all not salty, but totally flavorless, especially the monkfish and tuna. they actually tasted the same, considering tuna was raw, and monkfish was cooked. :( I suggest 2 ppl order at least 2 Plastos Grandes, ($30- $45 ), or 1 plastos Grande and 1 Paella ($40- $50),  plus at least 6 or 7 small tapas to have a satisfied full tummy after eating there.The service was good but not great, and the ambiance was strange, people wear shorts, flip flaps, mixed with people wear suits and dresses, I couldn't figure out this was a casual dining place or top specialty dining place at Aria.... very odd indeed...  Kinda disappointing dining experience there. :( Not going back for a very very long time....
5	Fabulous tapas restaurant inside the Aria. Couldnt decide on which dishes to try so opted for the lobster salad and the large seafood entree, the mariscada. Loved loved loved it. Tried a bit of the huevos estrellados and almost collapsed. The fried potatoes and chorizo combination was amazing. Cant wait to dine here again.
3	So, my friends & I came here after seeing some good reviews on Yelp. The restaurant itself is really nice. Since it's tapas, we ordered a bunch of stuff:Stuffed piquillo peppersBeef and cheeseAvocado cannelloniGrilled angus flat iron steakcreamy risottotraditional spanish chicken croquettesMontana serranococa mallorquinaalmond cakemolton cakeThe best thing was the stuffed piquillo peppers! We could have had 5 plates of those, lol. The rest of the food was good, but nothing special (especially for the price). I'm glad we tried it, but we all agreed that we've had better tapas elsewhere.
5	Everything we had was presented beautifully and it tasted delicious.  There was not one grain on salt missing from any of the dishes.We ordered:Patatas bravasSeafood Ceviche Porkloin skewersBlack rice ScallopsThe ceviche was the best ceviche I've had in America.  It was almost, almost, as good as the authentic Peruvian ceviche.  Better than any Peruvian restaurant that I've ever been to here in the states. The only thing lacking was the heat (but I can understand why it's not). Other than that, it was perfect!The patatas bravas were really good too. The spicy tomato sauce was really nice with a little spicy kick.The black rice was so yummy...mmmhhhhhThe scallops were cooked perfectly and the romanesco sauce was one of the best I've ever had outside of Spain.The Pork was also a winner.  The pork was juicy and expertly cooked.  Overall, I really enjoyed my meal.  I left full and with a smile on my face.
3	This place is super cute but our server was an ass super rude and the service is slow
4	This place was fab.  I 've wanted to try julian serrano since they opened up here because I hear they are known for their service.  Service was wonderful, I forgot our waitress' name (I'll plug in later) but she was trained well, not overbearing, friendly enough and had a few recco's.  We came here foremost for the tuna raspberry pops we were drooling over.  Skewers with molecular raspberry and seared ahi with wasabi and sesame seed.  Such wonderful taste combo.  I can't really explain it.  We loved everything and when I commented that the tuna cones (crispy wonton) was clearly stale--I seriously did not like it--she quickly took it off the bill.  Wow thanks! We also had papas bravas, a tapas must have (for vegetarians, I now the real test is croquettas, but I've had enough to last me a life time) the spicy tomato sauce was soooo good and the "papas" were between al dente and cooked.  Stuffed dates need just a tad more testing before the perfect recipe comes out of the kitchen.  I love wht they werestuffed with (almonds, applewood bacon, spicy piquillo) but the date flavor overwhelmed the rest.  The steamed mussels with brandy were fresh and meaty and the pinxto de chorizos (mini pork chorizo with garlic mashed potatos) really hit the spot.  Tasted like comfort food.  I can't remember the wine, something red, was it a malbec? knowing us, probably but it came from the sommelier and was perfect.Don't miss this restie if you dig tapas it has a great vibe.
4	I was very pleased by this place.  I came here with a friend for dinner, and we wanted to eat, but not stuff ourselves, and have a nice mix of flavors, but he was also on a low-carb diet.  It provided some great options for us.The egg yolk ravioli were a lovely texture, creamy and crisp at the same time. Unctuous in the best possible way.  Really, these were for me, not the low carb person. The sauteed padron peppers were wonderful.  Mild with a little snap to the skin, and great salt on them. From the world of seafood, we got the gambas, the white ceviche, and the white anchovy filets.  The white anchovy was my favorite of these...if you haven't had Spanish anchovies, you should try them at least once... this isn't the over salted fish, but a rich, creamy flavor, with a touch of pickle.The lamb chop was good, but I think the favorite of the night was the black pig pintxo.  That was a thin slice of heaven, and I'd have that again, despite the price.  All in all, it was what I wanted, though a touch on the pricey side, and I'll be back, especially if I want to eat light and have variety.
5	I don't give five stars out much; but when I do, the place has the goods.Instructions:Go here.  Experience.  Eat.  Smile.  Repeat.There is too much to write and I am afraid I will leave something out.  Just go here... It's really good.
5	Wow I could not imagine a better 1st time tapas experience. First, my sauvignon blanc was so fabulous. The staff was so friendly. Somehow we caught the head server (from Madrid) and told him, "bring us whatever is good!" he delivered ;) the best appetizers I had were mushroom risotto and the 18-year-old ham! The cheese and bread samplers were rich and heavenly! When my dish came I was so impressed by the flavors. NO WORDS TO DESCRIBE HOW HAPPY MY MOUTH WAS! After an evening of indulging, it felt perfectly content after polishing off my Alaskan bass. I will definitely come back for appetizers and vino.
5	Great service, great food.  A bit expensive.
4	Such a fan of Julian Serrano -- he isn't Catalonian, but his menu samples heavily from the local cuisine (botifarra!  yummm).  The kitchen turns out some nice representations of tapas from other regions of Spain, as well.  And Serrano himself spends a lot of time in the kitchen and the dining room.  I like seeing "celebrity" chefs who are hands-on with their spin-off enterprises.
5	Beautiful Restaurant and food.  I am a old employee of Julian and Im proud to say that.  This restaurant is awesome, and Julian Serrano is awesome.  Its casual so if your used to Picasso you may not like it...so set your expectations
3	We choose this place based on all the  4-5 star reviews from Yelp.  I am only giving it 3 stars based on what we ate.  I do believe we DID order the wrong things and didnt really get a good taste of the restaurant.  We ordered 5 tapas plates:Lobster Pineapple Sticks (just ok, nothing special) Ahi Tuna Tempura (great!!! Delicious)Fried Calamari (gross!!! Lacking flavor in the calamari and the aioli)Egg Ravioli (looks good but not what I expected)Seared Scallops (perfectly done and well seasoned.  Delicious!) I'm a big fan of food and I love to try new places.  I was excited to try Julian Serrano but I'm afraid this place doesn't live up to the great expectations.  I did expect more but i have to agree with what another fellow Yelper said, she also gives it a "solid 3 stars."I left disappointed and still hungry!!!  Be forewarned, the portions are SMALL!!!
4	I loved this place. Definitely my favorite meal of my Vegas trip. I was expecting super small servings based on other reviews, but I thought they were all on par with the tapas I've had around the Bay Area. My husband and I went with another couple and we must have ordered about 10 dishes between all of us, plus a couple of desserts. There was too much stuff to break it all down. My favorite of the night was a dish with eggs and chorizo over frites. It was awesome. Would definitely eat here again. Loved it.
4	I had a very good experience at this place.  The tapas selection at this place made me feel like I was having a big meal, but overall, did not overstuff me!There was 3 of us, and they recommend for each person to get 2 to 3 tapas per person.  Huevos Estrellados (So Good! Perfectly fried eggs on top of chorizo and crispy fries!)Pan Tomate (Pretty Standard, good tomato flavor and crisp bread)Fried Calamari (Thick cut calamari, not thin and crispy)Traditional Spanish Chicken Croquetas (Bechamel Sauce = Too Die)Stuffed Dates (Sweet and Savory!)Ahi Tuna Tempura ( Cooked just right, wasabi foam, a great touch)Churros(Just get them, eat them all and drink the rest of the dipping chocolate!)Pedro our server was really nice and helpful too!  I would ask for him if he is available.
2	If the meal wasn't twice the price of Firefly's, I would have rated JS better.  The ambiance was pretty damn awesome.  The food was good.  Unfortunately, after blowing a hundred of my stripper $1's, my girl and I were still hungry.  That's a little sad.  I'm not a fatty-fat-fat.  She isn't a huge eater.  I don't know where the hell our money went, really.  If you're down at City Center, check this place out, but beware that the palella takes approximately 30 minutes (well, what the waiter told us) and that you'll probably need a snack later.
5	A treat for the taste buds! The dishes are freshly prepared and delicious. The "tappas" approach gives you the chance to sample a couple or three dishes without getting filled up as you would with a whole meal. The tappas offered reflect a wide range of choices and the three we shared were all unusual and excellent. I especially appreciated the time and effort the waitress put into making sure that I did not have any garlic, to which I am allergic, and that, in spite of not having any garlic in them, every dish was a taste treat.I would mention, however, that the waitress was very helpful in ordering the dishes, but we did not see much of her during our meal, so we would have had a bit of a problem had anything needed attention. I can always understand it when a server is not around much because the restaurant is busy, but in this case, it was early-afternoon on a Wednesday and there were few other diners, so the server ought to have been more attentive.
4	I am a big fan of tapas style dining and Julian Serrano's restaurant at the Aria is probably the best place to go in Las Vegas for delectable Spanish cuisine and cocktails. Its a little pricey, even for an upscale restaurant, but the food is well portioned and presented beautifully. Service was good, but not excellent. Being located in the middle of the City Center makes the atmosphere very contemporary and pleasing. The best occasion to visit this place is when you are in the mood for something light. I found it the perfect place to eat before a night out on the strip. The white ceviche was so fresh and was probably the best ceviche I have ever tasted. I could eat it every day. The red sangria was also delicious and the bartenders make the cocktails strong, which is a big plus. The audio in the bathroom was a spanish language course, which I though was an awesome, quirky little touch. I would recommend this place to anyone who appreciates fine dining.
5	Holy mother of all things sacred...  This was excellent.  We arrived for an 8:00pm reservation, but couldn't be seated until after 8:30.  While that wasn't too cool, there were eight of us, so you have to be patient.  We were headed to NY-NY for a show at 10:00 so we had to be quick.  I have to admit I was nervous about making our show.  We told the waiter and he said, "let me just start bringing dishes".  We trusted him and he didn't let us down.  We had an amazing selection of worldly flavors.  From the appetizers to mains, then desserts, i didnt have anything that I wouldn't order again.  My favorite had to be the lamb chops, no wait the beef and brie, no wait - who knows, it was all so good.  While it was a bit pricey, I think you have to expect to pay for good food and good service, especially in Vegas.
5	This restaurant is what got my family into Spanish tapas (I had my introduction a bit earlier) and consider this their favorite restaurant so far. After my 2nd visit there, I can say this is a place I can take someone to without getting an urge to overstuff myself to get my money's worth. A bit pricier than other tapas places I've been, but hey, it's Vegas; nothing comes cheap.The restaurant looks kinda like a transparent enclave of the Aria, which can make this spot a perfect place to people-watch as you eat, if you get a good spot. We had a wonderful waiter who made suggestions that were spot-on and made sure that we had a good dining experience. I got to try both the red and white sangria before I picked a glass of red as my drink. A good sangria has a taste of spiked punch that doesn't taste like it has been spiked. The dash of cinnamon was the perfect touch. Mom had one too, but started feeling lightheaded halfway and asked me to finish it. At one point she forgot what room we were staying in.Here were the tapas we had that day. We tried to go for a balance between meat and vegetables. At the end of it, our party of 3 felt quite satiated without feeling stuffed.Ahi Tuna Tartare - the tuna was a bit tough, but went well with the wasabi foam. Suprisingly, the avocado and mango ensaladilla was tasty by itself.Avocado Cannelloni - SOFT salmon mixed with mayo and paired with this bread. Yum.Brava Potatoes - spicy potato and alioli sauce. One of the most popular tapas according to the waiter. This is an example of a GOOD mix of alioli and brava sauce WITHOUT the excess grease that goes in frying the potatoes in said sauces. They were bite-sized that makes it easy to just gorge on the bowl. Stuffed Piquillo Peppers - got as part of the waiter's suggestion. The goat cheese just melted in your mouth and the pepper had a good spicy "bite".Fried Calamari - a little bit too salty, but still crispy. Liked it with the alioli sauceGrilled Lamb Chop - at least this was a better rendition of a lamb chop than a certain buffet we went the other day...The meal ended with Molten Chocolate Cake. The cake, though small, contained quite a bit of molten chocolate with just enough amount of cake. Paired with the blood orange ice cream, it was like a chocolate orange explosion in my mouth. One of the best renditions I've had in a while, especially since molten chocolate cake is one of my favorite type of desserts. I thought I would pass up this restaurant as it was too "Vegas-y" and not enough Spanish, but the food was just too good this time. There's already Paris in Vegas, I guess there's enough room for one more culture to be represented.
4	Excellent food. Sat at the bar. Fun bartenders helped us with the extensive and eclectic menu. Diverse wine list strong on old world wines. Prices above average for food given the small portions, typical for tapas, but still well worth it. Try the cheese plate and the tenderloin tapas.
5	OMG.This was my favorite meal from my 4 days in Vegas.  We came here for lunch on a Saturday around 1 pm because my mom has been on a tapas kick lately and we had heard this place was good. The decor was very hip and attractive, just like the Aria itself. We had a reservation so we didn't wait, bit about 30 minutes after we sat down, a line started to form outside. Food: 5The food was absolutely delicious.  There was not one dish I didn't like. The Brava potatoes were perfectly fried and crispy, and covered in a red sauce and garlic aioli.  My only complaint about the presentation is that it was served in a small bowl, so that the bottom pieces were soggy when we reached them. Serving this on a plate with the sauces on the side would be better.  The lobster gazpacho was cool and refreshing, and came with some chunks of lobster meat, minced tomatoes, cucumbers and bell peppers, and a frozen ball of the soup on a spoon (very fancy!).  Dad ordered the Pinxto de chorizos with garlic mashed potato, which were so tasty (but not healthy at all).  The chorizo was flavored perfectly, and the mashed potatoes complemented them well.  the fried calamari was not very crispy, but the squid was so tender and lightly breaded, so the flavor made up for the lack of normal calamari texture.  We also ordered the seafood ceviche and the sardines (I didn't eat them so I can't comment, but my parents enjoyed them immensely).  We had the salted Marcona Almonds, and they were good, but i wouldn't order them again ($6 for almonds is a bit much). We enjoyed our food with a pitcher of white sangria, which was STRONG and delicious and perfect for sipping in between bites.  It was not oversweet, and came with big, pretty chunks of green apple, lime, and orange.  Mom started skewering the apples out of the pitcher with her fork and eating them when the sangria was all gone :)For me, the star of the meal was the dessert: churros with spicy hot chocolate!  These were not your typical Mexican-American cinnamon churros - they were only slightly sweet and dusted with powdered sugar, light, fluffy, formed into little teardrop-shaped loops, and served with a cup of melted dark chocolate with a spicy kick and a chili pepper for decoration.  If you are a chocolate lover, you MUST get this!  The chocolate was rich with a subtle spiciness that never became too strong, but complemented the sweet/fried flavors of the churro.  Even my mom, who is super health-conscious and never eats desserts, had a bite, and then had about 4 more bites after that.  Such an innovative and unique dessert!  It's pretty big as well, so you can easily share it between two people.Service: 5Fast, attentive, and knowledgeable about the menu.  The food came out ridiculously quickly, considering how intricate some of the presentations were.Value: 4.5This place is upscale and expensive, but if you're in Vegas to eat and indulge, it's so worth it!!  You will feel completely satisfied with your decision.
3	It was good not outstanding. It was filling but not something I would go back to.
4	I had a Great dinner here, after a chow down at the Indian buffet earlier for lunch (across the street) I didn't feel like having a big dinner so this worked just right: good service, below average portions and strip prices, the food quality is very good though, I shared dinner with a spaniard and he was pleased. We had 7 tapas and they were all yummy, I even liked the anchovy (which I hate otherwise).
3	I came here with some friends for a fun dinner.  We were looking for something different and tapas in the lobby of Aria seemed like the way to go. We ordered off of the early prix fixe menu, overwhelmed by all the choices off the regular menu.  We were pretty pleased at the selection we had and our food, while delicious, wasn't what any of us would have considered spectacular.  Overall, it was a great choice for us with the exception of the inattentive service who cleared our wine glasses after one round each, assumingly in a hurry to rush us out the door.  Enjoyable but I wouldn't return.
5	Cliff notes- Outstanding tappas. Can't miss- shrimp ceviche, chicken croquets, and ironically their mini pizzas which were amazing. I went here with my parents and their friends from Scotland when they were here visiting for the night. I wanted to take them to a place that had a diversity of options as they can be a bit finicky about fine dining. It was restaurant week and they all got the prix fix menu while I opted to pick and chose from the regular menu.Service- was great. Fast, responsible, we were never left waiting. The only misstep was when they brought 2 of my dishes at the same time instead of staggering them (which I would expect a tappas restaurant to do) but it was minor. The ambiance is great- as is the rest of the Aria. We had a huge table which accommodated the multiple plates/wine glasses without feeling cramped. Some notes on the dishes:Ceviche- was great, very tart, fish and shrimp not overdone. Pizza- this was actually my favorite. It had a really thick almost cookie like crust that was out of this world.Sous vide pork chop- very moist and tender. Sides were forgettable thoughTreatsI got the blood orange molten cake which was very rich (dark chocolate) but the sorbet worked well to cut against it.I also tried the churro which was very good- nice and crispy.
4	I have eaten here probably 5 times, and the food has been really good every time, and so has the service. Don't let the fact that it is in the lobby slow you down... once you're inside it doesn't really feel like a lobby restaurant. I really like the broad menu... and the paellas are GREAT!
2	My wife loves this type of food so she wanted to take me out to try it.  It did not meet our expectations.  We left still wanting more food and thought it was over priced for what it was.  Most of the food is pre-made.  We ordered 3 items and they all came out in around 5 minutes.  I asked how they got all of it done so quickly and they said they had the food pre-made for what we got.  Nice decor and great service.  We were in and out in about 30 minutes so it was quicker than we were wanting.  I will probably not come back.
5	We just happened to stumble upon this place for a snack on Dec. 11. OMG - it was delicious! I've had tapas before at many restaurants over the years but this was a standout. We sat at the bar and ordered 5 tapas, which all were amazingly good. Exquisitely delicious,  tasteful, great presentation and excellent service.
5	Great restaurant in City Center.  I had many things on the menu and all where fantastic.  They also have a very good wine list.   Great decor and friendly staff.  One of the best meals I have had on the strip in years.
4	Julian Serrano was good but maybe I was overly hyped about the restaurant.  I guess I expected something out of this world but it was ok.  I've had very good tapas in Manhattan beach, San Francisco, and elsewhere and Julian Serrano is about the same.  It was good.  Also their sangria tastes watered down.  One of the few times I didn't finish my drink and I usually never let alcohol go to waste.  But the atmosphere and our waiter rocked so we had a good time.
4	Salty! I am not a person who puts a lot of salt on my food, but I do enjoy just the right amount, and a few of the tapas that I tried were a little too salty for me.  Despite the saltiness the tapas were good and the staff was friendly and attentive.  The restaurant itself was fun to hang out in, and the wine list did not disappoint.
2	The paella was way too salty- I couldn't even finish it!  The rest of the food was good, but way overpriced.  There are plenty of other restaurants in Vegas where I would rather spend my money and get better portions of food.  I don't believe in paying top dollar for bird sized portions or salty paella that tastes like it was made from a box.  Disappointed.
5	Very creative and delicious food.  I've been too many tapas places and they are rarely up to par (especially if you've been so Spain and understand what Spanish cuisine is supposed to taste like).  We ordered 4 tapas and each one hit it out of the park.  Our favourite, interestingly, was pan con tomate, which is so basic, but Julian Serrano's pan con tomate will blow your taste buds.  The other dishes -- ahi tuna codes, beef with figs and manchego and mushroom risotto -- were also stellar and very interesting takes on traditional Spanish cuisine.
5	Ridiculous menu. EVERYTHING we ordered was so amazing and reasonably priced. The "Beef & Cheese" could be one of the best things I've ever eaten(order it med-rare). Our bartender was Premo and he was awesome. If you can't find a drink you like, he'll gladly come up with one for you.\Get there early on the weekends or make reservations because they fill up quick. It's a pretty dressy atmosphere so your typical jeans and a t-shirt get up probably won't cut it.
3	With so many amazing restaurants in Vegas, I wanted Julian Serrano to be better than it was.It's visually stunning - the colors are beautiful and happy and vibrant... but why the televisions?  And why were they playing a program showing people being decapitated?  And why was our waiter so... laissez fair and slow?Anyway.  The raw tuna dish was amazing, as was a dish with egg, french fries and pancetta (my dream breakfast).  The pork on skewers dish we had wasn't good at all - it was tough, chewy and flavored in a way that did not make my mouth happy.  The cured meat platter didn't "wow" me.I did like the Spanish lessons being played in the bathroom.   Glad I tried this place, but I want my Spanish food taken up a few notches.
4	Service here is always prompt, thoughtful(suggestions galore) and steady... and valet parking is a short stroll from the nearby Aria entrance. The ambiance is airy and open, and the bar setup (fruit instead of fake tapas) is witty and hip for a tapas-style spot. Tapas: I begin each meal with a cheese plate(highly recommended) or the pan manchego? So far, I most enjoy the salmon with truffle(I often order two) and some other seafood dish I cannot presently recall. Lobster gazpacho is a must for those who(like moi) generally hate gazpacho or cold blends. Other notables, thus far: raspberry tuna dish(it actually works!), lobster salad, huevos estrellados, bass(Oprah-aaaaammazing, lol!), chorizo. The flan here is intricate and delicious.One dish I hate here is the steak featured on the tapas menu. It tasted like mediocre sirloin... I admittedly--owing to its horrible texture--consider sirloin essentially dog food. I've never tried the paella but was informed that it tastes just like Spain's, which is not a good thing. To explain: paella(with or without saffron) is a stupid idea. Simply read the ingredients/preparation and you will sigh with comprehension... I call paella culinary meth, lol. If you insist on an entree the filet mignon(or I imagine any seafood or pork dish here) is a pleaser.Impeccable texture and taste overcome (merely above average) presentation at this spot--one of my faves for lunch or silly dinners. On my last visit, I enjoyed a quick bite/wine at the bar with friends. I have yet to try the early eve special but it sounds like a killer deal.    4 stars rather than 5 because some of the flavors repeat (a few dishes beg for drizzles; others for acidity to combat the olive oil and make things more spanish and less greek); however, I wish I could give 4.5 stars b/c they serve tender octopus And delicious fried calamari that doesn't even need the sauce or lemons.
5	We went to Vegas around Christmas to treat ourselves to some great food, and Julian Serrano was a stellar surprise. Prior to coming, we studied the menu and got a few ideas about what we wanted to order. Our first visit was for dinner one evening, and we decided to try their $39 prix fixe menu with the $19 wine pairing.Everything about the meal and service was outstanding! We had a few questions about the food and possible substitutions for dessert, and what our waiter couldn't answer immediately, he quickly found out and was very helpful.For the appetizer round, my partner and I shared the Brava Potatoes and the Stuffed Piquillo Peppers. Such simple items, but oh so delicious. The potatoes are topped with a mildly spicy bravas sauce and an alioli; when combined with the crispy potatoes, it's a perfect bite! The piquillo peppers were equally delicious. Although they're a bit small, they pack a huge punch in each bite. I'm not a fan of mushrooms, but they were blended so well with the goat cheese that it made for a delicious two or three bite dish. The waiter paired a refreshing Riesling with this course and it was the perfect accompaniment. The entree round brought me the Organic Pork Chop with pisto serrano and a dijon mustard sauce, which was topped with thin, crispy-fried wonton crisps. My partner had the seasonal fish, which was a perfectly cooked salmon, with a side of sauteed spinach with raisins, apples, and pine nuts all topped with a buttery garlic sauce. Both dishes were cooked perfectly, but the pork chop was the standout. The dijon sauce was drool-worthy and each bite of the chop with the pisto serrano and the wonton crisps was moan-inducing. I don't usually enjoy fish, but the bite of salmon I had was very good (perfect for fish-lovers, I'm sure). We had a delicious Cava paired with this course and it complemented the dishes well.There were three great options for dessert on the $39 menu, but we spotted the churros with a spicy chocolate dipping sauce on the $59 menu and thought we'd ask if we could substitute. Our waiter made it possible, and we could not have been more pleased. Who doesn't love a good, crispy fried churro and a spicy chocolate sauce?! He paired a sweet Sherry (Hidalgo - Pedro Jiminez) with this course and it was the perfect pairing. With each dip of the churro in the sauce, you could pick up a faint hint of the spice in the chocolate, but when you took a sip of the sherry - WOW! The sherry was so good. The hint of raisin and almond with a buttery sweet finish was the perfect coupling with the spicy-sweet fried goodness. The atmosphere here was great as well. You're still close enough to the casino to people-watch (if that's what you like), but it's also private enough to have a quiet meal. We were seated at one of the tables connected to the bar, which was right next to two of the kitchens where we could watch all the delicious tapas coming out. The setting is casual enough where you can come in from a day walking the strip and sit down for a great meal.Overall, this was the best place we ate at while in Vegas. So much so, that we decided to have it for lunch the day we left (see below for details). Do yourself a favor and go to Julian Serrano now. You won't be disappointed.********UPDATE: Our experience the night before at another Aria restaurant was awful, so we decided to return to Julian Serrano for lunch before leaving Vegas. This time, we opted to select a few different tapas to share. Again, the service was great and we got another table near the kitchen so we could see all the delicious food coming out. Since this visit was more about trying the different tapas, here's what we had:- Golden and Red Beet Salad: Delightfully delicious, earthy and refreshing. I never had beets before, but this was a great introduction to that earthy root. The beets were paired with frisee, citrus fruits (lime, orange and grapefruit) and molecular pineapple. There's a perfectly sweet beet syrup on the bottom that marries well with the whole salad.- Warm Goat Cheese Salad: This was light and refreshing as well - a good dish to prep your palate for the more heartier dishes to come. - Traditional Spanish Chicken Croquetas: Yum! Yum! Yum! Delicately fried and filled with chicken and a scrumptious bechamel sauce, these bites are not to be missed. Four come to an order.- Stuffed Dates: Having made these at home, we could appreciate the time-consuming effort these little meat candies take to prepare. The dates are stuffed with goat cheese (I think) and an almond, then wrapped in bacon for a perfectly sweet and savory bite. The piquillo pepper sauce on the side was a nice surprise. Mildly spicy, which was a great addition to the sweetness of the dates. Four of these come to an order as well. - Huevos Estrellados: We were on the brunch side of lunch, so this was a great dish. Crispy french fries topped with eggs and chorizo - a nice and hearty finish to a perfect meal.
3	The tapas were all fine, but nothing to write home about. The pata negra, which I always get if it is available, was OK. It was fatty but had a weird aftertaste to it that I have never had the other times I tried pata negra. At $38 per order, it should be phenomenal. The bacalao fritters were good as were the albondigas but they should give you bread to soak up the albondigas sauce. The black rice was good and the seafood was fresh but there was nothing that was special about the dish. The stuffed dates were OK. I expected more from Julian Serrano, maybe one dish that was transcendent but of the ones I tried, none were. At least there are tapas restaurants in Las Vegas now.
4	This place was really good, and not to pricey for the quality you are getting. The white Ceviche was the best I have ever had.The stuffed peppers were great also.
3	Food was pretty authentic in parts all that except the molecular stuff.. Very PRICEY and lacks a restaurant setting overall.
5	Best thing about the Aria is this restaurant. If you have food allergies, they actually give you a printout that lists everything on the menu and let you know by allergy what has what. This is the only place in Vegas that did not make me sick.
4	great tapas style restaurant!absotulety loved the mojitos (strawberry to be exact), bravas potatoes and the churros.-1 star for being a spanisg/latin restaurant and NOT having any spicy salsas
5	I went here with some friends while in Vegas for my 30th birthday celebration. I loved this place! The staff were very friendly, the food was fantastic (I suggest the ahi tuna, creamy risotto, beef and cheese, potatoes bravas, pan manchego, and red sangria), and the restaurant had a great ambiance! The floors were mosaics, the chairs were big and comfortable, the temperature was perfect. Oh, and I got a birthday dessert! I would definitely go back!
2	Modern,chic decor and friendly wait staff. Completely tapas style menu and extensive cocktail ,wine & apertif selection. Black pork pintxo is a Iberian pork shoulder with carmelized onion on toast, bruschetta style but was rare, with bright pink through middle. Gamey to the taste buds. Then the mixed paella consisted of lobster,mussels,a very tasty Smokey chorizo, chicken & saffron rice....arborio rice wasnt cooked throughly & light salt gave understated flavor. Black rice with squid ink was surprisingly delicious & squid was tender & flavored to perfection. Gambas a la plancha was impressive whole prawns with garlic & lemon, essence of shrimp all the way through. Octopus served atop thick sliced blanched potatoes with paprika was disappointing at best. Flan for dessert n fried donut balls were mediocre. Overall didn't live up to the hype of chef Serrano.
2	Overpriced tapas.  "meh, tasted better" food.I have been to Spain, and you Sir are no Tapas cook. Took two seats at the bar thinking...busy night, should be good and quick...bzzzz..wrong!  Took forever to get the waiter/bartender's attention...and that was the best of the evening's service.  Food finally got rolling and it was quite forgettable, in fact I have already forgotten what I ordered.Hotel restaurants have high overhead, but paying full entree prices for small plates is wrong...lesson is don't put a restaurant like this in a high overhead location.  You are setting your customers up for disappointment when they see the prices.Overall Suggestion : Avoid!.
4	Many reviews have been written about this restaurant already so I'll just say that the service was excellent and comment on the dishes we tried:Stuffed peppers: excellentSalmon with truffle: excellentGambas; HorribleChicken croquettes: good but not greatSerrano ham on tomato bread: outstanding Steak with Brie: good but not greatI would definitely go back though.
5	Had the $39 tasting menu and it was FANTASTIC!Lobster gazpacho - very flavorful soup with a great tomato taste. Yes, there's actually lobster meat in it!Brava potatoes - omg I don't know what the spicy sauce was, but it was delicious! I wanted to drink it. The little cubed potatoes were crispy on the outside and were just perfect with the sauce. Of course, some got soggy at the end, but they were still good.Salmon - Sourced from the same proprietor as the fish for Bar Masa next door. Two of my friends got this dish and it was THE best salmon they have ever had in their lives. These are girls that always order the fish option on any menu.Pork chop - Delicious! It's a very large chop. It's very thick so you would think the outside would be dry, but it's not. Juicy all around.Rice Pudding - This was probably the most disappointing dish. I wouldn't get it again.Molten chocolate cake - YES! They make it well here.White sangria - refreshing and buzz worthy! pun intended.
3	Food is great but the seating is not great! The tables are to close to each other. It's difficult to have a conversation. Besides that, the food and service is great!
4	Came here for lunch while staying at Aria. Definitely a good place to check out if you want tapas, the menu is pretty extensive. We ordered the calamari, black rice (squid ink & lobster), mussels, and ceviche among other things. Everything tasted good and the seafood, fresh. We ordered a pitcher of red wine sangria, which was very good.Our server was extremely friendly and helpful, upon seating us he asked us if we were familiar with tapas, etc. (we were, I eat out... alot)The bathrooms are pretty funny, instead of cheesy "elevator-lounge type music," it's basically a Learn to speak Spanish tape.
2	Was really unimpressed by the food here. We had a group of about 10, so the waiter suggested that we allow the chef to make a menu for us. We agreed.First dish was a spanish tortilla - basically an omelette with potatoes and onions. Tasty start.2nd - calamari. Nice big pieces, served with a tasty aioli.3rd - fried potatos in a spicy tomato sauce, with the same aioli as above. Pretty good.4th - ahi tuna with a thin tempura coating, deep fried. I thought this was okay, a little bland.5th - chicken croquettes with a bechamel sauce on the inside. There was nothing really wrong with this dish, except it was pretty unimpressive flavor wise. Basically a chicken nugget with the sauce on the inside.6th -Meatballs. Really? These tasted like frozen meatballs you'd get at a grocery store, and served in a tomato sauce with potatoes...the exact same tomato sauce and potatoes as in #3.7th - prawns in olive oil. Really disappointing. When I think Spanish gambas, I think nice big head on shrimp. These were peeled, boiled, shrimp cocktail style in some unmemorable olive oil. Pass.8th - chorizo with mashed potatos - looked like lil' smokies in a pile of unmemorable mashed potatos. The sausage had this weird sour taste to it. eww.9th - deep fried figs wrapped in ham. Served with the same tomato sauce as in #3 and #6. It tasted like a fried fig. Nothing special here.10th - grilled steak slices with japanese eggplant. this was actually an alright dish, but not spectacular by any means.This restaurant seems like tapas that are dumbed down to be more accessible to the general public. Which I guess is what you want for a place like Vegas. If you're a real foodie though, avoid. I also didn't like how the reused so many ingredients in several dishes. Also service was not the best.
4	Was looking for a place to eat at the aria since we had a party to go there afterwords and Julian Serrano was the only one that seemed to get good reviews on yelp..so thanks go all you yelpers, so helpful!I enjoyed it alot,  these two dishes were my favorite!Beef and Cheese- Prime Tenderloin, Brie Cheese, Toasted BreadSalmon roulade | house-cured salmon | rocoto mayo | tartar sauceThe paellas was okay, not the best, the rice was kind of hard.  I like it better at Jaelo in the Cosmo.
1	Lobster salad comes with free bug.We took clients to lunch.  1/3 way through my lobster salad, a lady bug crawled out from beneath the greens.  ugh.  We sent it back.I wasn't really impressed with the other dishes.  They weren't bad, just not memorable.I was a bit surprised the manager didn't come by the table to apologize, and perhaps offer desert or something ... no one acknowledged the bug.  Yes, it was *only* a ladybug, but still ...  Even worse, they didn't remove the item from the bill.Since it was a client lunch I didn't want to make an issue of it.  But, for the $ I would have expected better service.I will give huge props to the general manager.  After reading my survey feedback on my experience, he promptly contacted me (on a weekend, no less).  He was very nice and they did adjust the bill quite a bit more than just removing the salad.  5 stars for him and his attempt to make it right.Without the bug incident, I still would just give the place 2.5 stars.  Not really worth the cost.  Sorry, Julian Serrano.
1	Came here in January for lunch and I was disappointed.  Everything was too salty.  Someone in the kitchen had a heavy hand.  I complaint about it and the server told me it was salty because every dish is finished with finishing sea salt.  Ok i get that, I use it all the time to finish some of my dishes, but when I've over salted my food to begin with and on top of that I use finishing salt then it becomes really salty...duh! I know what finishing salt does, but i don't think their cook knows how to use it.  My lips pruned up after this meal and I had to drink about a gallon of water afterwards.  I would probably not go back again.
1	stayed at the aria 2/6 - 2/7.  had lunch here after check in on the 6th.had the monkfish, rissoto, potatoes, spinich, lobster salad, fisherman's soup.monkfish had no taste - skip this.potatoes were not crisp.  i think they were pre cooked and leftover from the super bowl weekend.lobster salad was ok only.spinich was spinich.  not hard to make but very hard to screw up.my buddy had the soup but he said it was fine.we got talked into this place when we approached.  if a place has to talk you into eating there, don't go.  i should've lived by this rule but i paid the price for not.the funny thing is that i was bad mouthing this place to my dinner companions that same evening and one of them echoed my exact sentiments.
4	JULIAN SERRANO vs. FIREFLYOh Julian, your tapas on the strip is over-priced but its worth every penny.PRICE: Tapas adds up after a while. At Firefly, most of my orders are in the $4-8 price range. At Serrano, my usual orders are in the $10-16. That's nearly double what I normally spend but on occasion, I like to splurge and enjoy a more upscale meal in a setting 100% more luxurious than local favorite Firefly.FOOD: You get what you pay for. My favorites at Firefly are stuffed dates, shrimp ceviche, and lamb skewers. I've tried each of their counterparts at Serrano. And I have to admit that they do each one better. The flavors are more complex and refined. The dates are melt-in-your-mouth good. The quality of meat (in this case lamb) at Serrano is more tender and less game-y. I've tried all of the ceviches here and each and every one is extremely fresh and flavorful. Firefly's ceviche tends to be a little heavy on the lemon and on occasion I'll get a fishy one. I tend to order more seafood at Serrano as well. I feel like all the hot seafood tapas I've ordered here are spot on. Some of the best seafood dishes I've eaten in Vegas--period.SANGRIA: I'm sorry Serrano, but I have to say Firefly does this one better. I don't doubt for a second that there's a lot involved in making the sangria here. But there's something so familiar and delicious about the red wine sangria at Fireflys. The delicate balance of fruit and wine flavor has been perfected. And hey, you can't beat the 50% off pitchers of Sangria during Firefly Happy Hour.SERVICE: In a fine dining setting, I'm very particular about my service. If I'm paying a fine dining price & tip, I expect to be waited on appropriately. Every time I've been here my server has been quite attentive and friendly. I've only once been dissatisfied with my service; but it was a holiday and the place was ridiculously crowded.If your wondering if its worth the money, then YES! Don't hesitate because you think you get a better value at Firefly. Firefly will always be a favorite close to my heart but when I want to eat a little finer and I want to pay for it--Julian Serrano is my upscale tapas of choice.Don't forget to RATE & FOLLOW! ;)
3	Tapas is Spanish for, "little food for a lot of money" and this could not be any more true at this restaurant.  Service was quick, but the portions were much smaller and more expensive than other Tapas places, like the one in the Cosmo.  I will say the pineapple and coconut milk was outstanding.  Plan to spend $75 per person not to walk out hungry.
5	I frequent Vegas (being a Southern California native) and I never, ever miss going to this place. It is expensive, and, as a recent graduate, I am not the richest gal. However, this is my FAVORITE restaurant in Las Vegas. Tapas are a great way to spend a couple hours over dinner. I really could not pick a favorite, but if I had to, I would say the stuffed peppers and the chorizo plate. I also absolutely love the size of their Sangria pitchers. A lot of places will charge way too much for a small amount of wine. The pitcher comes out to about 7-8 glasses. It's somewhere around $40, and it's absolutely worth it. The best thing about a restaurant like this is that it is suitable for ALL occasions. My boyfriend and I go for romantic dinners, I have been with my friends for my birthday twice now, and I have also been there with 12 of my extended family members! There is no wrong or inappropriate time for a restaurant like this. I love love love it here!If I had to list a complaint, I would say the waiters/waitresses are not super attentive, but it's barely noticeable. If you're interested in a tapas restaurant, I would highly recommend this place.(And consider getting a reservation if you go between 7-9 on Friday/Saturday)
5	This review is way overdue but better late than never. My husband and I went to Vegas on our honeymoon back in November and went to have tapas here. This place had amazing food. Yes they were expensive about $10-$15 a plate but Julian Serrano is the chef so I don't know what people expect and they are small portions but that is what tapas are. Tapas are not meant to be full meals, they are Spanish appetizers. If you are the type who looks for more bang for your buck or does not like to splurge then this would not be the restaurant for you. If it takes alot for you to get full then prepare to spend some money. The prices are clearly marked and the staff does inform you of the portion sizes beforehand so you can always walk if it is not what you want to spend your money on. There are no tricks or surprises. It would be nice to see more reviews about the food then people getting mad about the high prices of the tapas as if someone held a gun to their head and forced them to choose to eat there.Sorry about the rant. now back to the review: We had the 2 orders of the croquetas, potatas bravas, churros with chocolate chili sauce, and the flan. Everything was so pretty I almost did not want to eat it. They were amazing and they filled us up also! If you are looking for authentic Spanish tapas, a laid back atmosphere, and upscale customer service all in the same place then I strongly suggest you visit here. The food is worth every penny and I will be back when I go to Vegas. His staff is very polite and we never went one second without not being attended to and the staff made sure we had everything we needed at all times.
2	My friends and I came to Vegas for fun and great food; we were staying at the Aria hotel and decided to take a chance on this place.   The menu choices sounded interesting and I have never been to a Tapas Bar before.My friend had the huevos dish with "fried potatoes" and chorizo and was a little surprised that she got a plate of eggs, mini sausages over french fries.   She was definitely not that happy with the dish.I was starving and ordered a little bit too much food for myself.   I had the Bravo potatoes with spicy ketchup which were decent, almost tasted like home fries with tabasco infused ketchup.   I also had the chicken croquettes; I would NOT recommend those to anyone, it honestly tasted like a creamy chicken nugget...  Gross...For dessert, we had spicy Mexican hot chocolate  with churros.  It had a spicy aftertaste; churros were good, but the hot chocolate was not sweet, just tasted like spice.  I would have given this place a 1/5 except our waitress was excellent, the managers came to check on us often to make sure we were taken care of, and we were seated quite quickly for a busy Saturday night.   GREAT, no, FANTASTIC service, not very appetizing food...   Come in for some tapas if you've thrown back a few and need something quick to eat.
4	3.8 stars.  Julian Serrano is a tapas restaurant located in the lobby of the Aria Hotel next to the front desk.  The restaurant is decorated in vivid colors and is enclosed by a short clear divider that leaves part of the restaurant exposed to the eyes of lobby guests.  Since the divider is only a few feet tall and clear, I think that the people who dine at these tables get a more casual atmosphere since it almost feels like you are dining in the lobby itself.  However, the rest of the tables are tucked further back into the restaurant giving it a more private and cozy atmosphere.  I have been here a few times and the people who dine here have always ranged from extremely casual ("Hi, I just came from the pool") to dressed to impress ("I'm going to the cluuuuub!").  I've seen families with small children here and I've also seen bachelorette parties here.  The good thing is that the ambiance can really accommodate anyone, and the restaurant is spacious enough that you can sit far away from small children if you prefer.  The service has always been excellent - no complaints there.  As for the food, it is definitely pricey for the size of the dishes.  I believe each small plate is $8-$14 and they are tiny.  However, the dishes are great if you want a high-quality light meal.  One dish that I was impressed with based on its size is the paella.  It is HUGE.  I ordered it when I was with a party of 10 girls - 4 of us really wanted paella, and the menu said that the portions are designed for 2 people.  Based on the size of the tapas, we were thinking that the paella would also be small and fulfilling, so we asked to get a 3-person serving for $75 (expensive IMO).  The paella dish was so big that it easily fed 8 of us (in addition to the small plates), and we left happy and full.
2	Went at 5:30pm on a Wednesday so crowd was light, service was pleasant and responsive, and food came out fast (majority in ~5-10 min).Atmosphere was like eating in a hotel lobby/lounge (which you are).Food was so so.  In order of preference:Stuffed piquillo peppers - bright acidity of tomato sauce well grounded by goat cheeseWhite ceviche - tons of lime (almost soupy) but with great texture and flavor (suprising amount of spice)Albondigas - light fine crumbly texture but short on flavorBrava potatoes - soft on inside and light crisp on outside; go well with garlic aoili and creamy tomato sauceGrilled calamari - meh...  it's just a miniature grilled (not even sliced) squid wih some lime and garlic and garnishingPintxo de chorizos - little smokies on a bed of mashed potatoesAhi tuna tempura - too much going on in this dish.. it was just weird..  go to a sushi place instead
3	Here's the thing with reviewing Vegas strip MEGA property restaurants -- you're going to be raped no matter what you do.  Portions small, prices gargantuan.   So when you bend over to pick up the soap, you're really reviewing how far you have to bend over and if the soap smells nice.Many resorts sport interior restaurants.  By interior I wish to stress that they lack windows to the outside.  I've got news for the Caesars/Harrah and MGM/Mirage groups:  more and more I'm less and less inclined to eat in a cave.  Unless you have a space as ginormous as the TAO in the Venetian, my business may move elsewhere.Julian Serrano's Tapas sits in the lobby of the Aria.  A lobby big enough to fit the Casino Royale inside of it.  The designers smartly made it wall-less on one side.  So despite any nearby windows, there's a definite feeling of space and... wait for it... aria.   The decor is casual but stark, modern but warm somehow.  Not the best in Vegas but definitely different and frankly refreshing.Onto the food.  Hmm.   Tapas is a fancy way of saying a menu of appetizers with a re-occuring Spanish theme.   Since my partner in crime is a vegetarian, she was in paradise, since the menu sports 14 or so choices for her.  This rare circumstance ensures her return engagement.Since I eat meat, I have to ask myself if it was really so special.  I made a mistake and ordered the ahi-tuna.  It was deep fried, very small, and dry.  I should have returned it but I was engaged in a business meeting of sorts and since I wasn't picking up the tab I stayed quiet and fed myself.   Samples of other dishes were all pretty good -- but nothing blew me away.  What I would say is that portions should grow a little and prices should drop a little.  Or a more fun version of this idea would be 'buy three and the cheapest is free'.  That sounds silly, but trust me, that would make this fun -- which is what tapas should be.I've tried FIREFLY off the strip and didn't think that was really much better.  Tapas is too easy a way to rip people off and instead should be too easy a way to delight customers.  I dream of Italian tapas and will keep searching for such.Until then, not a bad Vegas resort dining experience.  But there are so many better.  MESA, TAO, RAO'S, OLIVES, BLT -- just for starters.
3	The good:(1) Portions here are large for tapas.(2) Service is really fast.(3) Servers are very friendly.(4) Anything with beef, tripe, or sausage are excellent.(5) White fish ceviche!The bad:(1) Spanish tortilla was super oily.  It seemed to be slice of oily potato frittata.(2) Brava potatoes were very greasy.  Basically cubed fries, but a little soggy.Overall, we had an ok experience here.  I liked how we were in and out super quickly so we were able to resume our winning streak at the roulette tables!
5	Excellent tastes and wonderfully served in a tasting order. My dinner was built to deliver an experience of tastes and flavors that complimented each other perfectly and grew to an epic dessert. Each dish on it's own was simple and heavenly. Combined was a taste of paradise.
5	Just recently had the opportunity to dine at Julian Serrano again and I have to say it might have been one of the best experiences I have ever had.  It began with our waiter, Pedro, who was quite frankly one of the best waiters I've ever had.  The first thing he said to us once our group of 7 sat down was " Welcome to my home.  It will be an honor to take care of you".  And then our culinary journey began.  We showed Pedro a few of the tapas that interested us on the menu and he took care of the rest.  When it was all said and done, we had gone through 30 plates of tapas that covered a wide range of tastes and textures, finishing up with churros dipped in hot chocolate sauce.  All along the way, Pedro was explaining each dish and giving us the Spanish region they came from.  There is no doubt our group will be dining at this restaurant next year and asking for Pedro again to be our waiter.
4	I came here for an impromptu dinner date on a Saturday night.  We had walked through the Cosmo, Crystals and finally decided on Julian Serrano in Aria.  The restaurant was starting to get busy with the dinner crowd, but we were still able to get a table right away.My brain was pretty fried from partying two nights already, so I asked for our servers' recommendations and picked something from there.  We ended up getting the Fried Calamari, Spanish Iberico Sliders and Paella Marinera.  The food came out pretty quickly, which was good because we were starving.The calamari was nice and crispy...pretty much your typical fried calamari.  The sliders were quite good.  They were filled with prime beef, Iberico pork and caramelized onions.  The beef was nice and tender and the caramelized onions gave it a nice sweet flavor.  The paella was huge...it definitely could've been shared by three or four people.  there was calamari, shrimp, mussels, monk fish and vegetables  with saffron rice.  The flavor was amazing and we were quite impressed.  We ended up with leftovers of the paella, and I took it back to my hotel for my post party munchies.  The service here was very good and our waitress was very attentive.  Granted, most restaurants on the Strip are more pricey, but our bill came out to be very decent for the items we ordered.  I would mark this as a restaurant to come back to and try other items on the menu.
5	Love the food and the service! Stephan our server really took care of us. If u love tapas then u have to check out this place. Definitely gastronomic !!!
5	Julian Serrano is located just inside the casino entrance to Aria resort at The City Center on the Vegas Strip. It is an upscale fine dining restaurant that features Spanish tapas (or sharing plates). Simone and I arrived in our finest t-shirts, shorts and sneakers. Although not exactly dressed for a formal dinner, I let the hostess know I had made a reservation and we were quickly escorted past the rich and almost famous to the corner table at the far end of the dining room. Reservations are an absolute necessity if you plan to get a table at this restaurant (especially when dressed like a tourist from Maine).After being seated, our very formal waiter quickly offered us a very expensive wine menu and so we decided to get a diet soda and water ( from the tap). We looked over the menu and decided that we wanted to try the Paella as our entree that we would share. The Paella takes at least 35 minutes to prepare so we placed our order before deciding on our smaller tapas plates. First up we decided on a plate of marinated olives. When they arrived we realized that they were not pitted, so we had fun seeing who could make the biggest mess while trying to get the pits out. The waiter seemed amused by this. The olives were very good and were marinated in roasted garlic and baby onions. For our second tapas we decided to get more adventurous and ordered the Albondigas, which were mini Meatballs cooked in a Tomato and Sherry Sauce. They were some of the most tender meatballs I have ever eaten and they just melted in the mouth. The sauce was mild and light with a nice hint of sherry and also included some roasted baby potatoes.  Our last tapas choice was the new age Egg Potato & Morcilla dish. The dish was a combination of sauteed Wild Mushrooms and Blood Sausage with a soft poached egg, atop a pool of Potato Foam topped with Manchego Cheese Air. This dish was truly memorable and one of the most unique things I have ever eaten. The richness of the sausage and egg combined magicaly with the smokey earthiness of the mushrooms and the potato foam and Manchego air melted away to create a creamy sauce for it all. This dish was a real culinary adventure.  Our Valencia Paella was ready and came to the table piping hot and served in the cast iron pan it was cooked in. It was a delicious combination of baked Saffron laced Spanish rice with house made Chorizo sausage, sauteed Rabbit and tender grilled Chicken topped of with roasted Haricot Verde Green Beans.  We managed to finish off the rather large Paella meal, and then wrapped things up with a dessert tapas of Almond Sponge Cake with Homemade Almond Ice Cream. It was super dense, super moist and super good.  Our entire meal and experience at Julian Serrano was one that I will not soon forget. It was creative, unique and prepared perfectly. I would recommend this to anyone that doesn't mind shelling out a few extra bucks to have the perfect culinary adventure. And next time I'll even wear pants...maybe.
4	Having only just realized Vegas had a Sushi Samba i HAD to check it out tho its no Park Ave SS. Then i stumbled across this tapas bar, and i hadnt come across any since 1997 outside of Spain that did any justice until now. Love everything about this place. Will def keep returning.
4	This was a great dining experience.  The service was great, the food rocked, and I actually spent less here than I did at some other very nice restaurants that week.The dishes were pretty memorable: lobster gazpacho (excellent presentation, tasted great), white ceviche (very nice), charcuterie sampler (loved it), pintxo chorizos (nice), black rice w calamari (great, but a bit rich for the last tapa of the night when I was already full), and bombas (spicy meatballs - very good).  The wine list and the sommelier were impressive, but I went with a cool cocktail...some sort of combination of absinthe, cucumber, and ginger beer that tasted pretty darn good.The serving sizes were a bit larger than I've run across at other tapas restaurants, so I left uncomfortably full (my fault, not theirs).  On my next visit to Vegas and to this restaurant, I'll order a few less tapas and it'll be perfect.
2	This place gets a C+ (good thing I gave extra credit points earned with the bathroom presentation).Pros:1) Aesthetics - the restaurant looks great, the plate presentation looks great, even the bathrooms look great. Love the mosaic tile-job in the bathrooms.  Great color scheme overall.2) Location - it's in the Aria...can't get any closer...and if you are staying in the Cosmo/Aria/Monte - no cab fare!3) Learn spanish while visiting the bathroom.  Seriously...spanish 101 cd is going on while you sit/stand/wait in the bathrooms.....think....loungy music when you get up from the table...stroll 100 paces...enter bathroom...and you hear "Autumn...Autumn........Beer...Cerveza..........Money...Deniro...".  You get the point.  4) Service - Our waitress was on top-of-it.  She got our refills, bill, etc. at just the right time.Cons:1) Bartender needs to go.......and here's why:I tended bar p/t for nearly 8 yrs.  I give a little credit to bartenders when they are a) "in the weeds", b) making 5 different kinds of blended/fu-fu drinks c) dinner rush. I expect a Vegas bartender in an upscale hotel restaurant to be able to take a drink order and deliver it to the party within a reasonable amount of time.The main bartender looked as though he was so buried you'd think he was working a night club during the main 1030-11p rush.  I looked around and saw every spot at the bar was taken (it only sat ~18peeps) but we were the only peeps standing around asking for a drink.  The tables were full but not packed so he wasn't busy with the server's request.  There were 2 other bartenders working as well.   Then the servers were bringing out dishes for the patrons that were seated at the bar so he wasn't busy with that.  The bartender kept going back and forth between us, the patrons at the bar, the servers running around...you get the point.We all ordered our 3 drinks total at the same time.  After 15 minutes...he had provided 1...a glass of wine.  We didn't order anything complicated...let's see...glass of red wine, Jeiger-RedBull (as a drink), and a Capn-Coke....nothing too crazy.  No chicky Cosmo, no fu-fu frozen pina-what-cha-ma-call-it.  3 easy drinks.  I looked at the bartender...and he was sweating it...again...not sure why.  Then my buddy says...hey buddy....can we get the Jeiger-RedBull and Capn-coke.  He is like...oh...oh yea.... no apology, no offer of a freebie or a discount.  another 10 minutes he came with our drinks.  We paid...and about 1 min later we were seated.  2) Prices.... I know to expect to pay more in a hotel, I know to expect to pay more in a Vegas hotel....and yet I know to expect to pay more in the "latest and greatest hotel in Vegas".....but come on.  Seriously.  $17 for 1 single lamb chop?  $16 for 2 mini cheeseburgers?3) Portions are small...even for a Tapas-style restaurant.  Each person will need to order minimum of 3 dishes each.
4	Aww. Gotta bump you down JS. Somewhat of a letdown for a handful of out of town guests who had enjoyed their time at Firefly. Mussels were tiny, wasn't feeling the foamy presentation of the pork belly dish (hello Goyemon!) and tried a few other dishes which were fine. Still, service and white wine sangria is still on point just don't think I'm coming back for a while.
3	Have eaten here probably 4 5x now and it is really one of my fave restaurants for a night out on the Strip... So... why 3 stars only this time???  I'm gonna throw the reservation peeps under the bus here... Early last week I called the direct restaurant line (not the general MGM dining reservation line) to speak with someone at the restaurant to reserve a special table (one of the cool "penninsula" tables right by the kitchen) for a special birthday celebration on the subsequent Friday. I called at an off hours to ensure that I could explain to the person that I really wanted this particular table blah blah.  To make a long story short, I explained everything and was assured that that table was booked for me at 7:30 that Friday, and received my confirmation code and was so excited for the special birthday meal to come... Well, Io and behold we arrived at the designated time that Friday all ready to celebrate and they had screwed up the reservation (had booked us instead at 6pm) so of course, no available kitchen-view table for us :(Sigh... So our special evening was celebrated at at tiny table w/ no view of anything at the way back of the restaurant.  The saving grace was absolutely *excellent* service by our super-friendly waitperson (Ernest) and the always amazing food ~ esp. the anchovies on toast, the white ceviche and and a drop-dead delicious mushroom risotto.Moral of the story: CONFIRM your reservation the day before to ensure that it has not been screwed up, especially if it is a special occasion evening.
4	Absolutely delicious, at a decent price point, for quick service, at a classy joint directly on the strip.  Manchega cheese brushcetta was finger-lickin good, the Spanish pizza was phenomenal, the service, top-notch!!! We were served right away. Love it and want to go back!
5	For someone that loves tapas, and loves modern / molecular gastronomy even more, Julian Serrano was total bliss.  From the moment we sat down, everyone was super accommodating and friendly. The waitress obliged our many questions about the dishes. Even when we asked probably dumb questions to the sommelier, he seemed just genuinely excited to talk about wine. Definitely not the usual smug a*hole you find at most expensive restaurants.From the rather dark and cave like ambiance of the Aria Hotel's casino floor, Julian Serrano (JS) is a pop of very bright colors and trendy styles. There are decorative sound barriers between the casino floor and the restaurant, so you are sheltered from all the noise and smoke of the casino.The tapas dishes were the second best tapas I'd ever had, second only to Jose Andres. The traditional Spanish dishes are tasty, but you can generally get them at most Spanish tapas restaurants. Branch out, and try the dishes from the "Modern" section of the menu. These are the hallmarks of Julian Serrano's creativity, not just a mastery of traditional Spanish dishes.Best Dishes:The molecular mozzarella with pork belly was fantastic. The rabbit and garlic mash dish was very garlicy and delicious.Huevos Estrellados: This dish was a heart attack we had no chance of finishing, but it was delicious. French fries, fried eggs, and chorizo. Wrap your head around that one.Not so great dishes:While I love lobster, and I love pineapple, the lobster-pineapple skewer was too salty/rubbery, and not my favorite.The gambas/shrimp dish was just cooked shrimp in a bowl of garlic-flavored butter. Really nothing to write home about.Dishes run about 10-15 dollars each.  Total bill at the end of the night was under $200 for two of us after a bottle of wine (average price, not vintage, not the cheapest on the menu), enough tapas dishes to really fill us up, and a split dessert.
5	Every item was heaven . Trust me on the chorizo fries w the fried egg on top. Die.   I mean dreamy delicious perfect yummy ness.
4	Julian Serrano continues to be really awesome, solidly in to my 4-star territory now. We went back, and this time, the place was packed. We grabbed the last two seats at the bar and tucked in. The highlights:Still amazing ceviche. Very heavy lime flavor, which I love, tender seafood, and a little heat."Tuna cones" are very tasty, tuna sashimi stuffed in to a wonton cone. The wonton was a little on the crisp side...a little towards an eggshell shattering consistency, if you know what I mean? Might be a bit off putting.Amazing beef sliders, with tomato and some cured ham. Tender...delicious...seriously like eating butter.And the lobster paella (I went there) was also pretty good. Rice at the perfect consistency, delicious chorizo and chicken, lots of green peas for a little sweet - but not much in the way of lobster. Maybe two good bites per person. This serving is for two, which is fine - good way to have a larger dish and try some smaller things. It'd been a while since I'd had any paella, so this tasted good to me.I'm glad that if I repeated anything from my last Vegas trip, I repeated here. And thankfully, there's still more to try...
1	So i went here expecting really good tapas, but what i got was over cooked crap that i wouldn't feed a dog. It was clear that when the food came out and it was barely warm they were pre-cooking everything, then warming it up quickly and serving it. There is no way that it could be  prepared fresh and served as quickly as it was. The sauces were over powering the rest of the flavors, and a whole list of other issues. We left and went to another place.
5	This was one of the best meals I had while I was in Vegas! Everything that I ordered was amazing.  My cousins and I are vegetarian and this restaurant offers a large selection to choose from.  I really really loved the risotto!! The goat cheese stuffed peppers were also pretty amazing.  Next time I am in Vegas this will be my first meal!
5	Recently stumbled in here for a late lunch while visiting Vegas. We wanted something light and tapas seemed to be a good way to engage in portion control. After wading through the large menu of tasty-sounding things, we ended up with the piquillo peppers (based on our server's enthusiastic recommendation), braised rabbit, and a cheese tray. We rounded everything out with a couple of glasses of verdejo.Yeah, I know cheese trays are typically kind of boring, but this one was excellent: four cheeses running that soft-to-hard, mild-to-blue-cheesy spectrum with tasty toast points and a bit of fig for good measure. And it was my first time trying rabbit, which was tender, well-seasoned, and perfectly cooked. I'm a fan, it seems. However, the stars of the show were the piquillo peppers, stuffed with creamy goat cheese and topped with a kind of mole-esque tomato sauce. Even my boyfriend (not a huge tomato fan) was in love with this, to the point that he was really excited to try making a tomato and red pepper soup at home to simulate some of the flavors of this dish.Service was great. Prices are high, but it's Vegas. We are definitely going to have to come back for a full meal (the paellas sounded amazing!)
5	We went early and were not disappointed. The early bird menu offers 3 choices each for an appetizer, main course and dessert. Add in the wine pairings and it's $60 per person.Not bad for a delicious meal of that level. Service was quick and friendly. Our waiter was very knowledgable about the food and the wine.
5	I lost count of how many dishes we ordered and what some of them were - but every time something came out of the kitchen, I couldn't get enough. The ceviche was stellar. Mussels were excellent as was the spanish tortilla. I loved the pata negra ham, black rice with lobster and calamari, as well as the iberico sliders. This was probably the best meal I had the whole trip.
5	Nasim Says EVERYONE must try this place! Out of this world!!Hands down one of the best restaurants I have been to in Vegas!Lobstar salad left me speechless and wanting more. Heirloom baby tomatoes were AHHHHMAZING. The lobster was sooo fresh and succulent. It really can't get better.The steak was in a mix of 2 different types of sauces, green and yellow I recall. Another homerun. Moist and tender on par with a 5 star steakhouse.Seafood soup I could potenitally see myself enjoying this concotion everyday.They are a little stingy with the seafood though.Rabbit with mashed potatoes. So this was my first time trying rabbit so maybe I shouldn't give my opinion on this. Tastes like chicken?Sangria (white and red) were both delicious, I could easily say the best I have ever had. Even better than the ones I make at home. I don't think you can possibly have anything mediocre at this place. Fun atmosphere in Aria close to the casino. Young vibe. Great Bar and even better food that has some quality and substance to back it up. It is alwasy packed so get ready to wait a bit and reservations come highly recommended.
2	This was a disappointment. I've been to Picasso at the Bellagio and I know what Julian Serrano can do. This meal wasn't a disaster by any means but when you pay these kind of prices, you expect a four or five star experience.We arrived early for a 5:15pm reservation and were seated prompty. The look of the place (inside the Aria Resort which is part of the City Center complex) is fantastic with some of the best restaurant chairs I've sat in. If you have back problems and are large, you know what I'm talking about. These chairs were generously padded with upper back support.My partner and I ordered the four-course Signature Tasting menu. I got the wine pairing. The first course was a delightful mixed baby Romaine salad with walnuts, roasted peppers, and Cabrales cheese.  In a sign of things to come, my first wine pairing came while I was in the restroom. It was a full glass of champagne - way too much. I was gulping it but was only a third of the way when the next course came. Also, the pairing was weak - matching champage with a lively, flavorful salad seems lazy.  It simply did not match the inspiration of the salad.The second course was the standout course - a creamy, wild mushroom risotto. The flavor was intense and earthy. I'd go back just for this course. However, my wine pairing showed up when I was midway through the risotto.  Once again the wine selection was mediocre.  A great wine pairing will play off the flavors of the food. This wine did nothing. Maybe the emphasis on all things Spanish didn't give the somolier enough room to operate.The third course was where it all crashed. First, my partner received his course first (chicken wrapped around sausage) and was a third of the way through it before I received mine. My first bites of the pork chop were delicious but by the third bite I knew they had seriously overcooked it.  It got drier and drier as I got into it. To get a sense of how dry it was, I had to use a fair amount of force to get my fork into it! At this point, I brought my waiter over to tell her. I continued eating, she brought of the manager over who offered to cook another pork chop or substitute another course. This might make sense if I was eating alone but not with a show to catch or a partner sitting by while I wait for a new entree. This wine pairing was better but I was using anything available (including the leftover champage from the first course) to wash down the pork chop.The manager came back to ask if there was anything else he could do.  I said no. The manager deducted half the cost of my tasting menu for our tab.  I might go back and try an ala carte/tapas approach. The reason we select the tasting menus is to allow the chef to showcase the best of what he has to offer. For the prices this restaurant charges, you expect fabulous. What we got instead was decidedly not.
4	The wedding party we were with came here to start the night off with some Tapas and vino so to speak. This place was specifically chosen as a number of us did our MBA's together in Madrid, Spain, so wanted to see how a Madrid Native (Julian Serrano), put the swank in Las Vegas. Verdict - the food here was better than we got in Madrid, hands down. The Sangria was a huge disappointment. Not even close to the average Sangria served in Madrid. With that said, the Spanish Absinthe was a very nice surprise. Service was excellent and if we were back in Vegas we would most likely visit Julian Serrano, except for the fact that it is in the Aria Hotel and we had a huge compliant with City Bar (which means we will probably avoid the Aria in the future!).
4	Like a bug to a light I was attracted to this place by the other Yelp reviewers and the fact it was in eye site from the lobby when I checked into the Aria.  I am happy to report even though the wait was an hour, the food and experience was worth every minute I had to spend drinking in the casino.  I hate it when restaurants make me consume adult beverages.I may have had a medium Vegas buzz by the time we were seated but I know the Tuna Cones will go down in history as one of my all time favorite small plates.  You must have those little cones of heaven.  The white ceviche was a solid dish that I would have again and the pintxo de chorizos should not be missed.  However those paled in comparison to the mixed paella.  We got one to share after about 8 tapas for a table of 6. It is a big dish that is great for sharing.Lastly have the espresso cocktail at the end of the meal...WOW!The atmosphere is nothing to talk about and open to the lobby.  I didn't like that but the service made up for it.  My only other suggestion is to get there either early or after 9:30pm.  The place is packed.Enjoy!
5	This was one of the best nights/places I have ever had and eaten at.I have never had Tapas before, and my boyfriend is a Manager at a high-end hotel and his Director set us up at Julian Serrano's Restraunt when we were in Vegas. We were immediatly sat by the general manager and had the menu changed exclusively for us, all COMPD', and at the end of our amazing meal Julian Serrano himself came to greet us at our table and share some insight on the menu and give us both hugs and a kiss on both cheeks!! Truly an amazing expirience. Julian Serrano is a mastermind at Culinary Arts.
5	ive been to barcelona, palma de mallorca spain... ive had tapas in SPAIN.but i'd rather eat TAPAS @ Julian Serrano!!!!!!!!!!Literally everything i have ordered here is good, if not very good.The pitchers of sangria are huge. Good for parties of 4... any less, it might be better to order by the glass.Highly Recommend:Colorado Lamb Chops - order in an entree... they give you two chops. I usually order 2 entrees, they are that good!Salmon with Truffle - MmmmmmmmmCeviche - flavor is perfect, served with Taro chips.Oh yeah... & they have the best Paella i've ever had in my life. Be sure to bring a friend, or 5 if you order the Paella. its huge!!one of my fav places in vegas!
3	Good food, but I wasn't blown away.  We started with the dates and calamari.  The dates were pretty tasty, but the calamari tasted like it had been warmed up in a microwave.  It was soggy and blah.  Next came the white fish ceviche, which was probably my favorite.  My only complaint was that we didn't get enough chips to go with the fish.  Finally, our entree was mariscada plate.  It came with a lobster tail, shrimp, clams, mussels, and a meringue.  The seafood was good, but the meringue was so strange.  I'm not sure if that's a normal thing to serve with tapas, but it tasted like a sponge - or insulation.  And there was so much of it!  We honestly weren't even sure what it was and asked a server, and she said she wasn't sure either.  We had to look at a menu to figure it out. Our waiter was great and the atmosphere was nice.  I also enjoyed the Spanish lesson in the bathroom :)
5	Best tapas is town. The seviche is the best. Prices are not bad. Great service and location.
5	I wish Julian Serrano had a restaurant in the Bay. I would be there one too many times. This place completely pulls you in, it speaks to you, its so inviting with its shiny decor and willowy Tim Burton-esque trees. Every single tapas was made with perfect care and tenderness, we ordered about 4-5 dishes... ceviche, scallops, something beefy on a skewer. The only thing I would've reselected would be the paella--the combination of rabbit, chicken and sausage didn't feel or taste right. Rabbit- what a weird mental picture, I only nibbled on what I thought was rabbit, tasted like chicken with less flavor, it felt so wrong yet still so wrong.Next time, I would order their seafood paella instead. Their strong expresso shot with their hardened sugar pop made exclusively for coffee skinny dipping was a nice finishing touch, for this is what got me from here to our next destination- Haze, one level down. Boy did I need it. I was in satiety heaven.  I love it here. I love tapas and I love Julian Serrano. Three thumbs, way way up.
3	Came here for a business dinner and sampled some delicious tapas. A little loud, service was pretty decent, enjoyable sangria. I was a little weirded out in the bathroom - instead of music there was a strange english/spanish lesson going on...translating what can only be described as bar language? 'yes, i would like another drink.' 'this wine is delicious.' 'where are the bathrooms?' Strange.Some dishes worth checking out:Fried Calamari - the most tender pieces of calamari I've ever had. Not chewy at all. Magical.Black Rice - not overwhelmingly squid-inky/briny.Sauteed Padron Peppers - addictive. We were popping these like edamame.Stuffed dates - yeah, these are your basic bacon wrapped stuffed dates taken one step further. Crisp and fried.I think we also got an oxtail dish? I have no idea what it was, but I've never had such tender meat before. Heavenly.
5	What a wonderful dinner experience in Las Vegas. I highly recommend this restaurant because it really offers a unique food experience while being moderately priced. Julian Serrano has a variety of options to choose from depending on the level of your appetite (tapas to full meals). I would definitely return
5	Excellent tapas.  Great service.Came here with my bachelorette crew of 12 and the manager offered to create us a custom menu if we just named our price.  Someone threw out $75 per person (thinking this included only food and not tax and tip) and we proceeded to receive a feast.  There were more courses than I could count (and much more than we could finish) and everything was really delicious.  We also had a few hearty pitchers of sangria to go around.  The experience was great and I would definitely recommend this place to a larger group on their trip to Vegas.
4	this is a solid choice in a town of over-hyped and sometimes over-priced eateries. the venue is spacious and comfortable with an open kitchen for your viewing pleasure. i love the organized menu that has a section for each type of tapa (soups/salads, nouveau style, seafood, meats, vegetarian) and a separate selection of paellas. i recommend:*fresh calamari a la plancha - the citrusy, salty evoo pairs well with the sweetness of the caramelized onions*albondigas - tender, flavorful pork/beef meatballs with a light tomato sauce. eat this with a spoon*beef and cheese - another nice sweet/salty combo. the honey really kicks this dish up a notch*grilled lamb chop - a bit pricey for 1 chop ($16) but it's perfectly seasoned and cookedboth housemade sangrias are excellent. the white is refreshing and light...a good starter. the red is bold and delicious. the service was spot-on...timing of the dishes, attentiveness and friendliness. it's always a good time when i visit.
3	Stopped by for a quick lunch, and I was pretty happy with it. We ordered the following tapas (the lunch menu is limited compared to the dinner tapas menu):- Gambas: awesome sauteed shrimp, definitely get this- Brava Potatoes: nice and spicy, recommended- Beef and Cheese: a giant hunk of meat on a piece of bread, almost no cheese. PASS.- Pan Machengo: pretty bland, PASS.- Spanish Tortilla: you would expect this order to have a tortilla, but you'd be WRONG. It is actually more like a quiche. If we had known that, we would not have ordered it.- Stuffed piquollo peppers: my colleague ordered this and said it was very good.Service was very good and attentive without being overbearing. I ordered a glass of sangria and it was unusual because it didn't really have any fruit in it. On the other hand, it was very strong which might be good for you if you're in Vegas.I would definitely go back to Julian Serrano, but I would probably try the dinner menu instead because they have more options.
5	My wife and I ate at Julian Serrano's on 6/18/12. This was a top notch dining experience. They have an extensive wine list. We asked the Sommelier for guidance with a Spanish wine that would resemble an Oregon Pinot. She did a perfect job. We had several Tapas that were delicious. We shared the Mixed Paella and what a treat. For dessert we had the molten lava chocolate also very good. My wife ordered the Absinthe and they brought over a contraption that serves the Absinthe with sugared water. Totally cool and my wife enjoyed it very much. Julian Serrano is one of the better food experiences I have had. Definitely not cheap, but well worth it. My wife and I felt completey perfect after our meal.
5	Ohhh, Julian Serrano, how we love thee! My family and I had never been too partial to tapas, but Mr. Serrano has forever ingrained his delectable recipes into our "Vegas Hall of Fame."But, really. JS is one of our favorite lunch options in Vegas and for good reason! We have been here twice and both times have cemented themselves into my mind, directly wiring themselves in my brain to the drooling mechanism....Okay, enough with the gushing, let's get down to business: Ambiance/Appearance:This is one heck of a dazzling restaurant inside of Aria. JS is delightfully colorful and has a welcoming yet upscale ambiance mood in the air. The hostess/seating staff is friendly and we've never had to wait to be seated, even on a weekend. The seating is comfy and, if in view of the bar area, you can catch up on your favorite sporting game/ESPN. I usually don't mention bathrooms in my reviews..but they have nifty Spanish lessons on the speakers while you do your business. ...Soooo multicultural. Service:Service has always been 4.5 stars. Only complaint is that water refills can be a bit delayed..and I drink a lot of water. No worries, though! This minor drawback is overshadowed by the knowledgeable waitstaff and accommodating manager (later on). FOOOOOD:Julian Serrano has such a wide array of Spanish tapas, it can almost be a bit daunting when you first open the menu. The prices are extremely reasonable for Las Vegas, no less for such a fabulous restaurant. We have had our fair share of tapas, and I seem to remember the following (** designating favorites): **--Ahi Tuna Tempura: Fresh Ahi with just the slightest tempura crusting..not this thick coating that other places are enamored with that overpowers the tuna flavor. I want to say there are approximately 3 or 4 decently sized pieces. Great for a table of four! --Bunuelos de Bacalao: Essentially fried cod, but this fried cod was pretty tasty. It came with a nice potato puree that complimented the Atlantic cod quite nicely. If I had to pick between this and the tuna, though, I pick the Ahi Tuna every time. --Papas Bravas: Good potatoes, but I actually found this dish very boring. I wouldn't order it again. --Huevos Estrellados: Uses the above potatoes, but has Spanish chorizo and fried, runny egg mixed throughout to create an interesting, homogeneous mixture of egg, salty chorizo, and the potatoes. My dad LOVES this dish, but I found it semi-average, mostly because I don't like runny eggs! If you're a fan of that, then this dish is right up your alley. **--Stuffed Piquillo Peppers: OMG. I don't like pulling out the "OMG" card very often...but... OMG. These are so amazing. Maybe because I'm such a sucker for good goat cheese...and this has excellent goat cheese stuffed within the sliced peppers. I had never had a piquillo pepper before, and I'm kicking myself for wasting so many years not stuffing my face with these lovely red peppers. So delicious! **--Creamy Risotto: Consisting of wild mushrooms and aged manchego, mmmm. My mom orders this each time and I make sure to get my fair share. The manchego makes this item as good as it is. --Chicken Croquetas: Fried in the same way as a lightly breaded cheese stick (the only analogy I can think of). The base inside is a creamy Bechamel sauce. I can't remember too much about these otherwise. Still good! Give these a shot. **--Beef & Cheese: GETTT THISSSS. This may sound like the most unappetizing, boring name for a dish EVER; however, this is perhaps my favorite item we get each time. This was some of the most tender steak I've had in my years (and I've eaten at my fair share of steakhouses-- take a look at my review for SW Steakhouse at Wynn for my feelings about that!). --Pintxo de Chorizos: The pork was too tough for our liking...maybe we just caught them on a bad day. Skip this one unless you're a huge fan of marinated pork chorizo. We let our waiter know that we weren't big fans of this, and he took it away, and the manager came over and took it off the bill and apologized profusely. No worries, Neil Patrick Harris twin! (Seriously. This guy is a carbon copy of NPH). DESSERTS:(~View my picture uploads for a peek at these desserts)**--Churros: Served with a spicy chocolate sauce. Delicious churros. Being from the Southwest, I was a bit skeptical to try these...but my family loves Julian's take on churros! Crispy on the outside, fluffy on the inside. Give these teardrop-shaped, fried pastries a try. --Flan: Creamy and over too liquid-y like some can be. Had a delicious fruit ensemble atop the flan with most berries. --Bunuelos: Pretty much like beignet donuts. We also enjoy these. Served with a butterscotch type of sauce...mm. I still prefer the churros, though! TIP: This place can get packed on weekend dinners. Call during the day for reservations. Bottom line: I can't wait to go back to get my tapas fix.
5	We stopped here two day's in a row.   Diane loved it!  One of the reason's I love Tapas Style dining is that allows people to try new things without feeling intimidated. We sat the bar, had a few drinks and tried a bunch of different treats. Since they were small and we were sharing, Diane had no problem trying dishes she would never have ordered on her own. We tried things with "Molecular" Mozzarella and Pineapple as well as, Pork Belly and Habenero Peppers. Diane enjoyed things so much, she suggested our return trip, which I gladly agreed to. Our Bartenders and Servers were fantastic, especially Primo, who kept us fed, lubricated and entertained for several hours!EDITJust to clarify, The Bar itself is still not wheelchair accessible, but I adapted the situation by using an adjacent chair as my "table".
5	Julian Serrano, where have you been all my life? Recently had a ladies weekend in Vegas and a friend made reservations at this amazing restaurant in the Aria. We were all starving after a day at the spa and begged the waiter to bring plates out as they were ready. They were bringing plates out in what felt like seconds. And everything was amazing, but the highlights for me were the coca vegetarian, the stuffed piquillo peppers, and the churros. (Good number of items for vegetarians, by the way.) My mouth is watering now. Back to Vegas. Must go back to Vegas.
3	First off, I must say the food, sangria and service were all very good and high quality. But I only give it 3 stars because I feel the prices really are too high for the portions, despite the quality. 6 of us had dinner here last night, with 2 pitchers of sangria and dessert, and the bill was about $435 with tip. We were comfortably fed, but frankly I could have continued eating. I would come again, but probably not for full dinner.We had reservations and were seated right away, near the front open area, which was fine with us. There were open tables in back, we probably could have requested to be seated in a more private area if we wanted. Servers were attentive, made good recommendations when requested, explained each dish well, and kept our glasses full of both water and sangria. We had (multiples of many for a table of 6):1 pitcher each, red and white sangria (both delicious! best I've ever had)*White Ceviche (great texture, lots of lime flavor, good portion size)*Seared Scallop (again, great texture, like butter, perfectly cooked, smallish portion, 1 scallop)*Stuffed Piquillo Peppers (a favorite of the night! ordered a second round, 2 peppers per plate)*Creamy Risotto (another best of the night! perfect texture and flavor, moderate portion size)Beef & Cheese (simple name for a tasty dish, good quality, cooked and seasoned well, not super spectacular though, moderate portion size)Tuna Sashimi Cones (great quality, well balanced flavors, but not something I'll crave on its own, 3 cones per plate)Fried Calamari (very good but pretty basic recipe, nothing I can't get elsewhere, moderate portion size)Brava Potatoes (crunchy outside, soft inside, tasty sauce, but still just potatoes, good portion size)Spanish Tortilla (misnomer - this is not a tortilla, more like a potato layered quiche. tasty but nothing special - needed more salt, moderate portion size)And for dessert we had the Churros and Spicy Chocolate sauce. I was a little disappointed with this dish after the rave reviews on Yelp. It was good, but I would have preferred more cinnamon on the churro, and it was a little too crunchy, in my opinion. Overall, it was a very good meal. I probably won't go back for dinner due to "price to fullness" ratio, but I would go for a splurge on drinks with appetizers. I would highly recommend the Sangria, and I marked the dishes with a * that I would definitely order again.Many reviews have compared this to Firefly, and I would absolutely rate Julian's higher on quality and class, but maybe not quite worth the price jump for smaller portions. That's just my opinion and I'm sure others will disagree.
5	As reticent as I am to dole out five stars, I've got to say: Julian Serrano at the Aria is truly a five star experience. The quality of food in comparison to the price, combined with atmosphere, make this a great Strip restaurant. While Julian Serrrano lacks the great location (not a high floor, no views or windows) of other highly-touted celebrity chef restaurants in the Strip, it certainly does not suffer from subpar decor or ambience. Tables are spaced nicely apart, chairs are large and comfy, and the tables are big enough to promote tapas-style dining of multiple small plates shared amongst a group of people. Having had the real deal in Spain, I found that Julian Serrano stayed close enough to the real deal to pay proper homage to the tapas' heritage while still playing up to the level and diversity of palates you'll find on the strip. The pan tomate didn't shy away from liberal use of garlic, as most Americanized Spanish restaurants would. And the mixed olive plate was done in a decidedly citrusy brine with young, powerful green olives that offered great character and in-your-face brightness. The mushroom risotto was spot on, the arborio rice cooked to leave the perfect amount of tooth still on the grains (the pasta equivalent of al dente). We also very much enjoyed the truffled salmon, cheese plate and Spanish 'pizetttas'. Service throughout the evening was pretty impeccable: well-spaced, attentive, but not intrusive. What I also liked is that with the restaurant not garnering some of the popularity as other A-list chefs on the strip, Julian Serrano is neither too crowded or loud. It's all just right, and makes for a great experience.
4	Good as usual.  Wicked sangria both red and white.  Tried the paella this time.  The Mix Paella.  Awesome.  Good flavor, more traditional than most recipes.  Gambas were amazing.  Tuna raspberry skewer, pineapple lobster skewer, and the huevos estrellados are amazing.  The menu reads easy, and I'm sure everything is good.  Trust what you order if you are a spanish food beginner.  It will turn out good.
4	We went here on our last day visiting Vegas because I was craving a Cheese Plate. they did not have one on the lunch menu but they were accommodating and made me the one off the dinner menu I also got the meat plate both were very good. I would come back again.
1	I was reluctant to believe the reviewer who reported food poisoning, and so we eagerly ate at Julian Serrano. We thoroughly enjoyed our dinner -- the food was great and so was the service. Then I got sick the next day. And 3 days later, I'm still not able to enjoy eating. As good as that may be for my waistline, it's a pretty serious indictment of the food storage and prep at this restaurant. The food may be wonderful, but if it makes me sick, I'll never visit again.
4	This was the restaurant my friends and I chose to reacquaint ourselves after several months of not seeing each other. We were dressed up and ready to take on Vegas. This was also the place I opened the menu, scanned the dishes listed, and exclaimed, "I'm too drunk to read the menu!!" All I remember was the food was great, the decor was fantastic, and the prices weren't too bad. I distinctly remember eating a bowl of mussels that were so juicy and flavorful. Even though it was tapas, meant to split between a group of people, there still wasn't that much to go around. Luckily, my friends compensated for my lack of decision making and ordered enough to make all of us full.
4	Yes, Yes every time Yes!  The food has always been delicious, delightful little morsels of yumminess.  Service has always been wonderful and attentive.  Eager to offer guidance on what to order/how much to order.    My favorites are the bacon wrapped dates, the ceviche, and the mushroom risotto (FYI - I don't even like mushrooms).   I am giving four stars rather than five because I don't feel that they have perfected their paella yet.  It is a little too smoky/burnt in flavor for my palette.  Also, their sangria is just ok.  But - they have a full bar so imbibe in just about anything else and the dinner will still be amazing.   So all in all, great great place to enjoy a great meal.
3	I came here for an early dinner tonight to enjoy the tapas.  For a resort hotel the food was very good. But overall, I found the food close to great but just not there. The risotto was full of flavor, but a bit too al dente and firm. It should have been a little soupy but the sauce was thick. The black rice was prepared the same. Full of flavor with lots of color and contrast and the squid was cooked perfect. But again, I found the rice a bit too firm for my liking. Lastly I ordered the monkfish. Cooked crispy, but a touch over seasoned with salt. The veggies underneath and the flavored oils were delicious. Service was a bit inattentive and I came early and it wasn't crowded. There's lots of intriguing dishes on the menu, but I'm not sure if I'd make this a dining destination.
1	Most disappointing dinner I have had in a long time. We got 4 Tapas and none were great. Skirt Steak was bland. Ahi Tuna was not so fresh. And the dates were tiny. I'd rate this place a must miss.
5	Came here on a Saturday night in July for a bachelorette party. Groups of 9 girls can be challenging...but not for Julian Serrano. We arranged for a set menu with Sangria ahead of time and were pleasantly surprised to have personalized menus and an amazing table upon arrival. The entire staff treated us like VIPS and the food was absolutely wonderful. It was a great experience an I know we are all looking forward to going back!
4	Checked this place out for dinner tonight and was very impressed.  I saw they offered an early dinner special on their website, but had to ask for that menu when I was seated.  The decor is very nice, the service was nice and the food was excellent.  I thoroughly enjoyed the chicken croquettes, the pork chop and the rice pudding - everything was seriously good!
5	Gaspacho - very good, beet soup with goat cheese - mmmmmmmm I can still taste it, Vegas at it's finest!
4	Love this place, have been multiple times.  I have had hit and miss with the servers but overall it is great.  Very expensive but worth it as I have had lots of tapas.  The chicken croquets are by far the best and I could eat a dozen.  The steak is great and I always over eat when I have their tapas.  The sangria is good and even when I was pregnant and ordered non alcoholic sangria (which usually isn't very good) was amazing :)Will return for sure
2	Way too expensive. The food was great but wow was it overpriced. $44 for a pitcher of sangria! There's just way too much good food in Vegas to spend lots of money and leave hungry. Won't be coming back.
5	The white ceviche was epic. Only $11 too! My girlfriend and I stopped by here because we were craving ceviche. This seemed like the only place on the strip that had ceviche!
5	Very expensive but I do believe that you get what you pay for so this restaurant certainly did a good job on the quality of the dishes and service. We came late on a monday night and the restaurant is about 3/4 full, waited about 5 minutes for a table. we ordered the following:Tuna Cones: ahi tuna filled inside won ton, very very good! white ceviche: white fish, goes great with the chipspan tomate: toasted bread with fresh garlic tomato sauce very good!traditional spanish chicken croquetas |grilled angus flat iron steak grilled lamb choplobster saffronmarinera PAELLAS, the best I ever had outside spain! they say the portion is for 2 ppl but I think it is more than enough for 4 ppl!Overall a great dinning experience here and will come back when I win big at the casinos!
5	I stopped in for a late lunch and sat at the bar. The wait staff was friendly and attentive but not overbearing. I dig paella, but all the paella dishes were for 2 so I got a shrimp tapas dish and the seafood rice. The shrimp was good, a little spice in it and nice and fresh. The rice turned out to be basically paella for one and was a good size for lunch. Would love to go back for dinner again.
5	The owner is very friendly! I even got to take a picture with him.Honestly, when my bf brought me here. I thought I wouldn't like it because I like to eat in big portion...Shockingly, their papas, lamb chops and chicken (i forgot what it was I remember it was a chicken) filled me..Expensive but tasty!!! Will definitely come back for the lamb chops!
2	The best thing about this restaurant is the service. However, the food was nothing special.  For the prices, the food should definitely be special.  If you are looking for unique food, you might be impressed.  The menu encourages a sort of dim sum style dining.  If you pick a few different things from the menu, your group can try a few different menu items.  The food was just okay.  I do  not believe it was good enough to charge the prices they charge.  I don't think I will dine there again.  No one in our group was impressed.
4	I've never had anything I didn't like from Julian Serrano. The paella, gambas, croquetas, beef and cheese, stuffed peppers, stuffed dates, churros with spicy chocolate dip and the chocolate cake with mango gelato. Great location, great service and great atmosphere. I keep coming back for more.
4	LOD 10Been here a couple times after the pool.  Great spot to order n eat Tapas.Everything we ordered was good - the stand out was a chicken dish that we had to double up on.
4	First time tapas experience for us both.Great tasting items we ordered but I don't think I will eat here again. For the price we paid, I was still hungry after.We ordered:Beef & Cheese - was ok. Ahi tuna - not a fan of raw tuna, ever. but bf liked it.Risotto - pretty tasty even though I don't like mushrooms.Chicken Croquettas - wished it was all chicken.Gambas - the BEST dish, so good!Scallops - great!Maybe if we had a resort credit offer again. Maybe.
5	Absolutely amazing.  A girlfriend and I went here for dinner and were very impressed.  We ordered the mushroom risotto, spicy potatoes, oxtail, and colorado lamb.  The oxtail was to die for, I could have ordered seven.  The sangria had that slight hint of strawberry and cinnamon and was absolutely delicious.  We regretfully did not order the paella, but the couple next to us did and it looked stunning.  I will absolutely come back here every time I'm in vegas.
4	Stopped in for a quick bite at the bar before a poker tournament and was impressed with the food and presentation.  All I had was a Spanish meat sandwich, but the flavors were outstanding, particularly in the side shot of fruit gazpacho.   I would love to return for a larger meal.
5	Came here for a quick dinner during my recent stay at the Aria. Hostess was very accommodating and our server was a very nice/honest guy. First off, very impressed with the decor. We ordered: Pan Manchego, padron peppers, avocado cannelloni, tuna cones, huevos estrellados, steamed mussels..I think that's it. Everything was pretty good, could've passed on the tuna cones though. However, the Pan Manchego was out of this world, simply AMAZING! I wish I had just ordered like 8 rounds of that instead of everything else. A close second was easily the steamed mussels because the broth was so good that you could literally just drink it, also it was pretty good portion/size. Would definitely reommend the huevos estrellados but might be a little heavy for some.
5	Julian Serrano is wonderful. We sat at the bar and our bartender Jason rocks! Everything we ordered (5 Tapas dishes) was fresh and wonderful. I wish I had more room, but it was so yummy!
4	After the drive to Vegas, we arrived just in time for our 8pm dinner reservations.  We had good service and lots of great dishes.Mr R kept throwing around the word "incredible" but they were all for dishes/drinks that I don't eat.  He loved the White Ceviche and said it was the best dish of the night...I didn't try it, so I can't compare. He also loved his glass of the red sangria.For the rest of the dishes, we shared:Pan Manchego - bread, tomatoes, and manchego, its so simple and I can't figure out why its so amazing!Spanish Iberico Sliders - pretty good, but nothing amazing. It tasted all beef, no pork?Apple and Manchego Salad - I'm a sucker for apples and manchego and this was a great salad.Marcona Almonds - I love marcona almonds although they were a bit oily. They were very good and a huge portion ... I wondered if it would be awkward if I snuck out my leftovers in a ziploc bag!For dessert we shared the Bunuelos which were hot, sugary donuts. The Butterscotch dipping sauce was amazing - we loved the dessert. I was a very good dinner and we were very happy we tried it, but if I'm wanting tapas in Vegas, I prefer Jaleo in the Cosmopolitan.  Many similar dishes, but Jaleo is just better.
5	So Fantastic!  One of our best stops in Vegas!Great Staff, awesome service.  Each plate was better than the next!  We even ordered items twice!  The risotto was amazing and I still think about it!  Yes, I know that sounds weird but its true.Thank you for an incredible experience!
5	One word to describe this place amazing!!! Loved the atmosphere and the Staff was excellent! Loved the modern design and warm palette decor of Julian Serrano. I was amazed by the beautiful restrooms, which were covered from floor to ceiling with shimmering mosaic tiles and they even had Spanish lessons playing on the speakers (I had never seen or heard of restrooms with lessons). The food was amazing as well. Our servers were very helpful and answer all our questions that we had about Tapas. First time having Tapas so we had a lot of questions. We were very happy with their suggestions. At first I didn't' think these small plates were going to fill me up but I was wrong. My favorites included:              -Red Sangria: this drink was so refreshing.             - White Ceviche:  this dish was so yummy! I usually not a big fan of Ceviche but this one was so tasty. I loved the lime taste.             - Papas Bravas: I loved them so much!!! YUMMY!!!             -Creamy Risotto: this was so good and tasty. I LOVE mushrooms and this was a perfect with manchego.             -Chicken Croquetas: this was yummy and I enjoyed them.             -Gambas: very good and flavorful shrimps with garlic and arbol chilies.I loved this place and can't wait to come back!!!!
4	excellent food.
5	Wow, what a great restaurant.  After nine dishes 8 of the 9 were 5 star!  All dishes were very flavorful and plentiful for several people.  The black Cherry martini was also a hit.  The food came out promptly and the French waiter with red hair was pleasant.  Be prepared to spend a little but well worth it.
4	We love small plate restaurants and Julian Serrano hit the spot. I would highly recommend that you don't miss the risotto, scallops, and the churros for dessert. The chocolate/pepper dipping sauce with the churros is fantastic.I thought the ceviche was really bland and the lobster saffron while good, it's not really worth the price. Many well grilled tiger prawns could top this dish.
4	Gorgeous design and luscious tapas make this a sexy spot to dine. We wandered into the Aria just to check out the hotel architecture and design but were quickly seduced by the lush look and feel of Julian Serrano. We weren't even hungry! The bright earthy colors, barren black trees that are interwoven throughout the dining area and the delicious smell of tapas were a wonder to take in. I sampled 2 tapas including a salmon and a spinach dish. Everything was yummy. The staff was very attentive. The restrooms were even aesthetically compelling as they were drenched in colorful mosaic tiles. Spanish audio lessons were playing in the bathroom (kinda weird...but who am I to resist an educational opportunity?) I highly recommend Julian Serrano for a sophisticated dining experience.
3	Definitely a big split for me between the service and the food, but man, the food was good:Red sangria - Strong but well-balanced, not too sweet. Sauteed padron peppers - This is a big plate, better suited for four; between the two of us, we each had over a dozen peppers. Beware: the heat is cumulative, so you may be a few peppers in before your boca goes en fuego. Tuna cones - Least successful; Spago kills it with their tuna cones, though the tuna itself was good.Octopus - As noted, the softest octopus out there, tastes great.Black rice w/fresh calamari, lobster tail, sofrito, squid ink - Definitely the best dish, just orgasmically good and a must-order if you go. Also, since it's a rice dish, it has some nice, anchoring heft for your tapas meal.Bunelos - We are not ashamed to say that we fully dipped each doughnut in the caramel sauce before consuming, and then we finished off what was left of the sauce on its own with our spoons. Gluttontastic!Okay, so the service. Our reservation got us the worst table in an otherwise beautiful restaurant: right next to the service station, where servers zipped behind each of our chairs, even kicking the chairs a few times, with no apologies. Rather than attempt to guide us toward a complementary tapas offering, the servers (we had a couple) were more intent on getting the order and getting out. I really would have appreciated them noting, for instance, that the peppers were a pretty big order for two, or that there were three tuna cones for the two of us. There's nothing wrong with being efficient, and I can't knock them for being inattentive, but I felt set aside enough between the poor seating and curt service to pull the four-star meal into a three-star rating for the experience. I liked the food enough to want to return and hope for better service next time, though I'll probably give Jaleo a shot first.
4	Classy, great service!  Fun atmosphere.  Lots of interesting choices on the menu.  Our waiter gave us some good tips.  the sangria was delicious and my husband said it was one of the best martinis he's ever had.
4	Good food but much smaller portions than any other tapas restaurant I've ever been to. So if you're  starving be prepared to order and spend lots. Our waiter Ernest was great too.
4	Heavenly tapas!I just adore tapas and was excited to try this place for lunch, also recommended by my boss who had eaten here on a previous business meeting.  I wish I could tell you what tapas we had but we ended up just telling the waiter to bring whatever he recommends.  All were delicious but my favorite tapas was a shrimp dish with saffron, see pics.  It was yummerz!!  I also had their chorizo sandwich which came with a salad and I think a gazpacho shot.  The sandwich was dreamy, goat cheese on top giving it the perfect balance of flavors and textures. I would love to try their dinner which I was told has like a 100 tapas to choose from.
2	Went there last Sunday night while in Vegas... Food was ok, server was very nice.  White Sangria - OkFried Calamari - goodOctopus - did not like the potato cake underneath, but the octopus was good.Mixed Paella - ok but extremely greasy.Food was just OK, service was OK...  For the money we spent, we could have found better.   ** Note - I may have been bias since we went to Le Cirque the night before... there is a huge difference between food/service when dinner is $500.00 v $125.00.  BUT I have had better tapas and paella at Tapas Papas Fritas in Scottsdale.
3	We had a reservation that I had made through the "M Life" card program online, prior to our trip to Vegas, for a late dinner on Wednesday night, since we had a show first.  I was looking forward to the vegan paella dish, that was what got my attention on their website menu. For $40, I expected it to be fantastic, and it didn't let me down. Hubby and I shared it and we polished it off. It came in a large pan with some spoons to serve ourselves onto our plates. It made for a lovely presentation, i have to say, and it was plenty of food for the two of us. We also had just one tapas to start our meal, the spinach with apple, pine nuts and garlic? It was tasty. I would have liked to try some of the other tapas too, but with the paella coming, we wanted to not stuff ourselves till we burst.        The decor is contemporary, the black trees in front were interesting, and I had a view of the back where they have lots of crystal vases and such on shelves. I don't know why they chose to go with that theme of glass decor, but it was classy. Our waiter was a nice guy who answered my questions patiently. The paella didn't take more than maybe 20 - 25 minutes to come out of the kitchen, which he told us would be less time than the other types, which the menu says take 45 minutes, I think. We didn't have sangria or any other liquor, since i can not currently.        I hesitate to say.that we did have an issue with a hostess whom greeted us. She came off as rude when she couldn't find out reservation, and asked if we booked for that night, and then said to me rather snobbily, "this is SPANISH TAPAS". I wish I had replied with "Yes, and I was aware of that when I booked dinner here". Instead, she then seemed to find it and nodded to the other hostess, without any apology for her attitude. The second hostess then walked us to a table, and cheerfully chatted me up about our vacation so far. She was very sweet but was clearly also overcompensating for #1's rudeness. Sigh. After we finished with the paella, my hubby decided to tell the waiter about her, and asked to speak with the manager. He came over and listened then said he will take some things off the bill...so he came back and hubby tells me that he took the PAELLA off, as well as my ice tea. I was shocked, that was pretty cool of him to give us our $40 entree.  So then hubby was very happy, and I won't comment on my emotional state at the time. Maybe we will go  back in the future for lunch, not sure right now.    After thought:  I was going to order the spanish donuts for dessert, but there was a long pause after I was given the menu for that, so I decided to forget it. I went to the patisserie instead, and had a fun cupcake, thus ruining my vegan diet.
4	I really enjoyed the tapas here.  The prices were not too over the top and the dishes I had were delicious and some had a really nice presentation.  I'm not sure how authentic the tapas are but they taste great and the beef based tapas I had were cooked perfectly and not dry.  The only downside was the fried calamari which was rubbery and a little bland.
3	I've had tapas all over including from Spain and I love my tapas. Serrano does a very nice job with service, decor, and ambience. No qualms there.Their menu is average. They have your typicals like cheese plate, meat plate, patatas bravas, and Spanish tortilla and paellas. There are a few interesting tapas. But nothing that truly jumps at you. However, the tapas we tried were very tasty. I thought the Spanish tortilla was one of the best I've had even compared to Spain. The paellas were also one of the best I have had. We tried there mixed paella and the angel hair one. Both were excellent. The price is the main problem. It is completely over priced. It is literally double the price you'd pay normally in the USA and quadruple what you pay in Spain. Although the food is tasty, it's not THAT tasty to make it worth it. The alcohol menu is extensive but also completely overpriced. For instance, a bottle of bud light costs $6.50. We did order the sangria for $44 and it was a very good sangria. I'm just not quite sure it's worth it though. Maybe every once in a while?
4	Tapas are all about quality over quantity and Julian Serrano gets it right. There was so many items on the menu that I wanted to try but a girl can only eat so much! My friends and I shared the following: Tuna cones: So beautiful to look at I almost didn't want to eat it. The tuna was as fresh as can be. I was not a fan of the actual cone itself. It was a little excessive in my opinion and I would of much rather had it just wrapped in cucumber. Lamb: The meat was tender and overall delicious Steak and cheese: just mediocre Risotto: creamy and cooked al dente Cheese platter: 3 types of cheese along with honey, and fig. unlimited toast Drinks were on the strong side but at least you get your money's worth Overall, I loved our meal. The service was a bit disappointing though.
3	A blindingly long list of Tapas, from salads brimming with chunks of lobster to fresh meats and seafoods and desserts.  Very open air seating that lets in all the noise of the casino.  Good food, prompt service - not the kind of low-lights and cozy spaces your used to in a Tapas house.  More like shopping mall tapas, although with the Vegas glitz, glitter and chrome, of course.  Best value is probably the steamed mussels - a giant bowl of superbly steamed and flavored bivalves for just nine bucks.Good for a quick bite between games in the Casino, or a decent business lunch if you're in a hurry.
3	Bartenders were awesome, especially Jeff. Made the best drink which I can't remember the name now but boy was it good. Food was just okay for the high price. Lobster gazpacho was refreshing with it's tiny bit of lobster. Shrimp gambas had a high dose of garlic and was swimming in butter.Not sure if I'd spend my calories here since there's so many great restaurants in Vegas.
3	aria interior with access from lobby...spanish tapas 'n' paella...small plates or small bites...sangria pitchers tasty...requesting a tasting and restaurant deciding...tuna tartare seasoned light and well in individual crunchy cones..feeling a little gimmicky for $twenty-eight for six cones...goat cheese and sweet dates lovely snack throughout dinner...seared scallops tasteful, but wanted whole mouthful...avoid small or chopped....creamy cheesy risotto delicious and earthy...brava potatoes great bites with aioli saucing...chicken croquettes crunchy and fried...small bites and spoonfuls for six individuals...finding good, but nothing spectacular for pricing...tasting for $fifty-three per person tapas dinner...
5	OH-EM-GEE. This restaurant has made such an impression on my taste buds! I had mostly everything the table ordered, but I have to say the Lobster Gazpacho was divine, as was the Ceviche mixto and the Paella mixta. Red and White sangrias were delicious. What a treat to have been able to dine at this place while staying at the Aria Hotel Resort & Casino. I have every intention of going back there!
5	tapas restaurant inside of Aria.  I LOVE this place.  I have been there twice now and each time, I continue to enjoy it.  Great service and very tasty tapas, like ones you would find in Spain.  My favorites have continued to be the octopus, squid, which is grilled to perfection, patatas bravas (cube-shaped fries with a tasty and spiced pimenton/paprika-like sauce), and grilled flat-iron steak (so moist and juicy!).  They have really good and decently-strong red sangria, and if you are a fan of fruity drinks, their white sangria is nice too.  Feel free to ask for a sample... they do give them out.  Again, great service.  Really enjoyed Daniel!
5	As always, the best ceviche in town. The papas with spicy tomato sauce were great. The service, amazing. It was 11pm and this placed was packed. We will be back.
4	Oil.I came here with my lady friend's family for her father's 60th birthday. I am the only person of the group that would have given the restaurant this rating. Everyone else was not loving it ... but I was. I'm a white guy. They're a Korean-American family. I feel this is important to note, in that it might not make sense otherwise if i told you that umma (that's Mom, gringo) unhappily commented that she wished we had just gone and had some sushi or Korean food across the street. The street was the Strip, so I'm not exactly sure what she had in mind, but that's not the point, dummo.The point was that she was not happy with the food. It contained a lot of the first word in this review. She likes lighter food. So does the rest of the family.But, me? I'm a fatso. I love the first word in this review. I would eat an entire meal covered in the first word in this review, every day of the week, every week of the year, every everyness of every everytime. So, I liked it.The bathroom had some learn-how-to-speak-Spanish-audio-book thing playing. I always like places that do that. Learning and leaking. A fantastic combo to help you maintain the yin and the yang. Coming and going. Going and learning. Muy bien.
3	Tapas great, paella salty.  Never had it before thought it would be good here,  tapas were tasty especially the mushroom risotto ,  oxtail was tender ,  potatoes yummy,  garlic chicken was good but I ate a clove of garlic by mistake vampires beware.  However, the paella was way too salty.  And the service for a restaurant in the Aria was only so so.  Service was alot better in cafe in the Aria
4	Love this place, stayed at aria in June went here for dinner 2 nights and went back to Vegas this weekend and had to take my boyfriend there! Love the brava potatoes and the beef & cheese . Sangria on the other hand was not our favorite.
5	What a well run restaurant. I went here the last two night in a row it was so good. I think this is my top 5 favorites now.   The food and service were outstanding.  I love tapas style because you get to try so many more favors, and these dishes were all full of them. Don't leave without ordering the foie gras, spectacular.  Over two nights I tried 6 or 7 dishes, everyone spectacular.  The seared scallop was better then the crudo one though.  The presentation and attention to detail was magnificent. How they maintain these high standards In a busy restaurant with such quick service is a testament to the management here, they really are doing a great job.  While not cheap, there are so many worse ways to spend your money in this town.  I could eat here every night for the rest of my life and be happy.   This really is a don't miss destination. Also, the servers were super friendly, and the restaurant was very well staffed. I would go here for a third night if I didn't have a reservation elsewhere. I'll be back.
5	Love this place the red sangria is amazing!! the lamb chops are even more amazing!!! omg im craving it now!! Love you Julian Serrano!!
2	Pros: The food was delicious, the drinks were well made. The potatoes and "pizza" were really good.Cons: it was freezing the entire time. We told our waiter who really didn't care. It was 55 degrees outside and since the restaurant is near the door leading outside, a ton of cold air gets to the restaurant with really very little heating. This ruined the overall experience. I also wish the customer service was better. For being a relatively expensive restaurant, I expected better service.Overall: the food is great but our overall experience wasn't as  great given poor service and cold temperature.Recommendation: avoid this restaurant as there are a ton of better places in the area.
4	I love the atmosphere of Julian Serrano, it fits perfectly with the Aria. Our favorite dishes were the Gambas a la Plancha and the mixed paella.
5	Excellent food. Great service. Fine wine.
2	The food was excellent but it was very expensive for the portion sizes. For three of us at lunch, the bill before tip was $105 & we didn't even have drinks. Service was good too but again I can't justify the price.
4	Here is my breakdown and why-Food: 3/5Atmosphere: 4/5Service: 4/5Would I return?  YesFood:Although the selection of Tapas seems broad, the majority offer very similar ingredients (fishes, meats, cheeses) in similar patterns.  Having been to Spain I would have liked to seen a broader range.  I didn't see any Spanish style sausage and not much in the range of vegetables.  The food we did have was good.  We shared the tortilla, crab cakes, cheese platter, and something else.  I would have liked for the tortilla to be less runny.  The ingredients were fresh and higher quality.  One thing to note, most of the tapas cost about $10-15 and really are not big enough to share so expect to buy at least 2-3 tapas per person or you can share a paella which is about $50.  IMO this is more of a $$$ restaurant.Atmosphere: Much of the vibrancy of this restaurant has to do with the aesthetics of Aria.  The restaurant itself has great colors and modern styling.  The restaurant gets very loud especially if there is a lot of noise from the casino.  The crowd here tends to be younger and more trendy.Service:I found the hosts to be friendly as they tried to accommodate many people coming and going during a busy time.  The waitress was friendly and we didn't experience long waits for service.  I also found the the waitress was knowledgeable and was able to answer our questions about the different foods.
5	Julian Serrano is amazing! I would give this 10 stars if that was an option! Initially, I didn't even want to go here..... because my first impression was that it was going to be tiny servings with a fancy bow & big $$$ tag, that would leave me still hungry for more. Boy, was I wrong! Every dish ordered was prepared and cooked to perfection. Bursts of flavor, fabulous presentation, reasonable portions, and just overall a wonderful experience for the tastebuds. Love the decor & ambiance too. Below are a few comments on the dishes I will be crawling back for :) And please note: I did not try all of the below in one sitting. The list includes dishes tried on 3 different sittings :) MUST HAVES! - Tuna Cones - this was my favorite dish! I wanted another order! But btw, i think it's only available at dinner. I didn't see it available on their lunch menu :( - Stuffed Piquillo Peppers - so delish! especially if you like goat cheese & mushrooms. Was my second favorite dish! - Ahi Tuna Tempura - maybe because I love both Ahi Tuna & Tempura, but I thought this was just scrumptious- Tuna Raspberry Skewers - a nice twist of flavors. - White Ceviche - this ceviche was divine! My only complaint was it was a bit heavy on the lime, but then again I'm just not a lime fan ;) - Spanish Chicken Croquetas - kinda like fried mozzarella stick, but with chicken & creamy bechamel sauce! I really liked this. Note: I luv creamy/cheesy stuff.  - Grilled Lamp Chops - very tasty & tenderGOOD!, but nothing to scream about: - Wild Mushroom Soup - again, it was really GOOD! but I would prefer getting a second order of something above if given a choice :) - Lobster Salad - Lobster Saffron- Beef & Cheese- Padron Peppers - i felt like it was a bit too salty (this coming from someone who LOVES salt!) Also, it's probably more ideal as a sampler dish for a large party. For my table of 2, I felt like I had enough after a few bites, and felt padron pepper'd out by the time we finished the plate :op- Brava Potatoes - don't get me wrong, it was delicious. but as it's a pretty filling dish, i just felt that these were not out of this world, and I'd rather fill up on one of the many other tapas choices they have to offerOverall, it was so delicious. Can't wait to head back here soon!! :oD
5	No complaints here.  Enjoyed muscles, octopus, croquettes and all were great.  The muscles were quite generous in size and in flavour.  Followed that up with a mixed paella which was delicious and a meal in itself.  No room for desert which I'm always ok with.
4	I love Julian Serrano!!  This place has great decor, excellent customer service, and a great menu.  I had the pleasure of joining some friends for dinner here and it is hands down my favorite place at Aria to eat now. Awesome Treats: Cheese Plate was tasty with great varietyCalamari with yummy saucePrawns in olive oilCreamy risotto Lobster and pineappleStuffed peppers Tuna sashimi conesEverything was great and presented perfectly.Great wine and sangria.
5	This has been one of my favorite meals in Vegas to date! It's such a fun tapas restaurant with great service. My only major critique would be that I felt the plates came out a little quickly. Would have been nice to enjoy the courses a little bit more as they came out, we felt a little rushed. My favorites- Scallops- Ahi Tempura- Asparagus- Steak- Lamb Chop- Chicken CroquetasWord of Warning- The plate of peppers is not for those with a sensitive to heat, the same witht he La Bamba Meatballs. WHOA!- Desert was good but not my favorite. We tried the churros, donut holes and pound cake with the three dipping sauces a spicy chocolate, sweet caramel and a strawberry yogurt blend. Good but nothing to rave about. Stick with the savory items here. Overall, a great tapas experience, amazing food and speedy service.
5	Best tapas I've ever had! Customer service is good.
5	Ive been dreaming of the The stuffed Piquillo Pepper & the Ahi-Tuna Tempura!! Both were amazing!
3	Being from Chicago, and having an wide array of Tapas style restaurants to try, I figured Vegas has to at least match in quality, no?  Overall the restaurant is very organized, very clean, and deserving of prices it demands.  I just feel the dishes lacked that extra zing.  You know the little touch that makes you crave the food 24/7?  The tapas menu has a very large wide array that mixes Asian with Spanish influences.  The menu is creative and ingredients that I have never seen before.  Props to that.  Noise level is comfortable and a great place to take a date to impress.  Every time i go to vegas, i do stay at Aria, however, for the price tag, i'm not sure if i would go back here again given there are sooo many options within the hotel.
4	Me and my friends recently  checked this spot out and as a lover of Tapas,   I thoroughly enjoyed our meal - every last bite!   The small portions definitely fed the three of us - we ordered 5 tapas and two deserts.It was an awesome dining experience and I am glad I went.
5	I can' t say enough great things about this restaurant - everything is great about this spot.  Fantastic servers, great bartenders, terrific menu and high quality everything.My first dinner / drink visit was so wonderful that I returned for a second meal there in under 24 hours.  I was craving their Stuffed Piquillo Peppers, risotto and brava potatoes too badly to stay away.This is a classy place - it looks beautiful and will be sure to treat you and your pals incredibly well.  I'm looking forward to getting back there for another great meal and some bartender bonding (these guys know their stuff, super fun to sit at the bar with).
1	Meh to the nth....My husband I went here wanting something casual as we spent the day hiking and were in no mood to play dress up.  He did enjoy his salad, which looked fine, he also got a "pizza" appetizer which to me looked like it belonged in the take out section of a Trader Joe's, he said it was ok.  I do not eat meat, poultry or seafood so I was happy that they had a vegetarian section, but the mushroom risotto was very bland and tasteless (and I am used to risottos) and I also got the roasted peppers which did not taste roasted at all, more like boiled baby food - no other flavors I could detect - it was actually a pretty gross cold mess.  (To be fair this place may excel at their meat and seafood selections which we did not have). The by cup wine is expensive, which is fine, but the selection is somewhat off putting - very generic.  The service was spotty.  We seemed to be completely forgotten after being initially served until bill time came, and my second glass of vinegary wine was never delivered.  I skipped dessert because I had no expectations things would get better.  I am not a super fussy person, (I am from Chicago - foodie heaven) and I had no problems with the prices but I expect something above just edible.  It made me sorry we did not go back to Mon Ami Gabi, where the food is reliable, the service and the wine selection is great and you can sit outside in the fresh air.  Alas.... I felt like I just wasted my time at Julian Serrano.
4	We had a very good meal here.  There were 9 of us and our waitress suggested that we go with the chef's selection of tapas.  We requested foie gras and pata negra to be included in our selections.  The wine list is large and after discussion with the sommelier, we selected a Rioja which was absolutely stunning.  The cocktail program is also robust and our pre-dinner drinks were all happily enjoyed.  Our selections of tapas were all very good and portioned out so that there was enough for all 9 of us to have a taste (or more).  The foie gras was delicious as was the pata negra (the pinnacle of jamon Iberico).  Other highlights included the sauteed padron peppers, lamb chops, beef filet.  We also had ceviche, grilled calamari, scallops, chorizo ... all tasty.  The mixed seafood paella was definitely a letdown, the rice too soft and textureless.  Desserts were outstanding, in particular the churros with chili spiced dark chocolate dipping sauce ... that was DA BOMB!
3	Food: 2.5 starsService: 4.5 starsAmbience: 4 starsLobster GazpachoCevicheBlack RiceBlack Pig PintxoMixed PaellaWhite & Red SangriaJust wasn't what I expected from a name like Julian Serrano.  Against my wife's wishes, I kinda insisted that we try this place.  And I felt bad for dragging her there.  Black rice (squid ink, hence the name) was the best of the bunch, but even with that nothing to write home about.  Everything else was - it pains me to say this - very average.  Considering the restaurant's name and the location, I have to say I was fairly disappointed.What sort of saved the night was our waiter - Donovan - who showed what an attentive service can do when things just weren't right.  Apparently, the couple sitting next to us was having the same problem as we did and Donovan seemed to save their night too.
4	In town for business alone, I sidled up to the bar and had a great meal and conversation.Bartenders were awesome, recommending the best dishes on the menu. The guy making ceviche let me in on his ceviche-making artistry. My neighbor, also a woman in town for business, was awesome. We shared bites of food so I got to try a few items on the menu:Tuna-rapsberry skewer -- just beautiful, a piece of art. The molecular raspberry is unusual and delicious.Beef and Cheese -- I would not have ordered if the bartender didn't swear it was his favorite. Turns out, it was mine as well. GET THIS.Mixed Seafood Ceviche -- perfectly seasoned and just perfect. Among the best ceviche I've had anywhere -- including south america.I had a couple of glasses of wine, which made the experience all the more enjoyable too.
4	I'm basing this review on the fact that it's a tapas restaurant because if it was compared to regular restaurant food it would only be a three stars. In saying this, Julian Serrano is a really good tapas bar. This place is located in the Wynn and is very large and open. It's great for people watching cause it's right in front of the check in. Let's get to the foodOn the bill:Fishermans Soup Tuna ConesMediterranean Bass Imported Spanish Serrano Ham Creamy RisottoStuffed DatesBeef And Cheese Grilled Lamb Chop Mixed Paella The bill came out to $400, which to me seems very steep for 6 people but I was really full. Overall, a cute place to catch up with friends.
4	We wanted something small to eat, so we went to Julian Serrano for tapas. We had the marinated olives, albondigas (meatballs) and a flatbread. Everything was delicious and the service was wonderful. We especially loved the sauce on the albondigas! The red and white sangrias were also delicious. They were fruity, but not overly sweet. I would definitely come here again!
4	I came here with my boss for dinner on weeknight for some tapas and it wasn't too busy-- we were seating right away at the bar. This is located in the Aria hotel downstairs and it's pretty easy to spot. The decor is very modern and trendy-- fake trees (looks like cherry blossom trees but no blossom), colorful striped wallpaper, and the walls are all made out of glass.-  Imported Spanish "Pata Negra" ham ("the most delicious ham in the world"): slices of beautiful pata negra, served with toasted bread and garlic tomato sauce. WOW. Im glad I got to try this! Wayy better than any other cured meats i've tried! A bit pricey for 10 small slices but definitely worth it!- Olives: The assortment of olives was a good choice! All super fresh and nice to nibble on while we enjoyed the other plates and drinks. - Cheese Platter: Cana de cabra (soft goat's milk), one year old manchego (sheep's milk), Cabrales (cow's milk), La Serena (soft sheep's milk), and some sweet pasty looking thing that tasted like dried figs. Served with toasted bread. Great selection of cheese for the platter-- there was a soft cheese, mild cheese, a more pungent cheese, and a dense cheese. The sweet fig paste paired nicely with the saltier cheeses- Spanish Tortilla: Not your typical flat sheet of tortilla! This one is at least 2 inches thick, soft, and made out of potatoes, onions, and eggs. You can taste the soft chunks of potatos an egg-- very tasty and savory.- Sauteed Foie Gras: I HAD to order foie gras since I wasn't in CA. A slice of foie with a sauce that tasted like balsamic vinaigrette, served on toast and chickpea mash. I wish the slice of foie was bigger, but all 2 bites were amazing! Super rich and creamy. - Santiago's cake: A slice of almond cake, turron ice cream. This wasn't as memorable as the other dishes but the cake was super moist and the ice cream paired well with the cake (turron is an ice cream made with almonds).Nice place to grab some BOMB Spanish Tapas if you're staying at Aria/Vdara!
4	Ate here with a half dozen people.  We probably ordered 25 dishes, maybe 30.  Nearly all were hits.  I'll say, this is a large menu and there is a lot to try.  So, we were adventurous and ordered out of our comfort zone on a lot of things.  But, the baby eel omelet was just a miss.  I don't recommend it and won't get it again.  And, baby eels look....exactly like you think they do.  I like how you order several dishes, they bring them as they are prepared, and you can then order again.  I think we had 3 or maybe 4 rounds of ordering.The sangria is very good, as many yelpers note.  If you have enough of it, the bill can get away from you at this place.  Those small prices add up friends.  Be advised.
5	Wow this place was so freaking good!!!! Seriously loved it.We started out with pitchers of sangria - both the white and the red were fantastic.  I may have liked the white a tiny bit more, but the red was really good too.We ordered a ton of tapas, but my favorites were the meatballs, scallops, pan manchego, and the sliders.  But everything we ate was delicious, those were just highlights.The service was great, the restaurant was well decorated, and it was nice to get to see the Aria hotel! Highly recommend.
5	This is my favorite place to eat. This place couldn't have been better. Fansastic!
5	I tried about 5 or 6 different tapas and they were all amazing! Small in size but BIG in taste. It worked out perfectly for the occasion. It was my first restaurant of this type and it was a great experience.
3	With no experience with Tapas at the moment, I'd say.....this whole thing blows.  With that said, the food was quite good but the portions I would have to say were quite small.....I mean small like a quarter (25 cents).So, if you're starving and ya think'n....a buffet would be good.....this is not the place for you!Keep in mind that some order may take up to a 1/2 hr to prepare so, make sure you have plenty of Tapas on hand.......and it could get pretty pricey.
4	Tasty foods, nice service!  The reason that I didn't rate 5 stars is that it was too noisy.
3	I popped in for a mid-afternoon snack on my last visit to Vegas.  I was flying solo, so took a seat at the bar.Five stars for Jeff, the bartender, who introduced himself, asked my name, learned where I was from (turned out we have some connections in common in my current city) and allowed me to sample both the red & white sangria.  Both are terrific, not as aggressively sweet and alcoholic as some sangrias can be, and the cinnamon in the red sangria made it perfect for an overcast January day.  The cocktail that followed was also very well-made.I'm less enthusiastic about the food.  I ordered two plates, the albondigas (beef & pork meatballs) and the stuffed dates with goat cheese & pancetta.  Each dish was $12, which gets you 4 meatballs and 3 dates.  The dates were insanely good, and the tomato marmalade on the side was a nice touch.  However, 3 of my 4 meatballs were a touch cold in the center, which sends all kinds of bad signals.  I was in a rush so didn't return the food (or even complain), but it was a disappointment.The menu is sufficiently varied and interesting that I would return to try it again, banking on the fact that the meatballs were an aberration.
4	Went to have dinner there before the Zarkana Show.  Booked a 6:45p.m. reservation time, because they have a $39 Pre Fixe menu until 7p.m.  Never heard of Julian Serrano (the person ) before...What a beautiful restaurant.  The $39 Pre Fixe menu was very generous did not even finish the food, there was too much.  The wine menu was extensive.  The service is 1st rate, 1st class, when you turn your head for a second, they are already filling your water glass.I would give it 4.5 stars but yelp would not let me.
5	This place is so gorgeous and great location.  We went for a girls weekend before our show.  Made a reservation ahead of time and our table was ready right when we arrived.  Food is absolutely amazing!!  The paella says it serves two, but it easily served 5 of us, especially when you are noshing on all the various tapas before it arrives.
5	Been here multiple times on various trips and always had fantastic experiences. The decor is snazzy and the room feels very open and festive, plus it has a terrific location right off the Aria registration desk. The bar area is very large and the bar staff has always been spot-on. The menu is extensive and has terrific variety. Favorites are the albondigas (Spanish meatballs), the grilled octopus on solid potato cakes, and the cheese selection. Everything is colorfully presented and plated. I'm a particular fan of the white sangria, which is refreshing rather than heavy and overly sweet. It's certainly not cheap, but given the quality and the setting, it's worth it for a Vegas splurge.
3	This a good restaurant, but overpriced for what you get. There are better tapas restaurants in Vegas...you're better off dropping coin there.
5	Best tapas around. We had ceviche, seared scallops, ahi tuna tempura, brucetta all excellent and taste. We sat at the the bar & the bartender was very knowledgeable. recommended most of our dishes.
4	Overall dining experience was great. It's located over at the Aria. It's a great place with a group of people to share a meal. We ordered a bunch of tapas and just shared them all. Our favorite dish was the Paella - they took their time to prepare this dish and it was big enough to share with 4 people. We also ordered some red sangria. It was light and refreshing. Glad we decided to try this place to satisfy our stomachs.
5	Always good!!!!!!
3	I started off with a glass of the rioja wine and some tapas. I ordered the squid, white anchovies, and lobster salad. On the menu it said the squid was prepared with paprika. Holy jesus. The squid came out. Lovely cuts of squid covered (I mean covered) in paprika and oil. The squid sat overtop small slices of potatoes which were ehh. I ate one piece of squid and thought I was going into anaphylactic shock. I was sitting at the bar drinking water nonstop hoping my throat would stop feeling scratchy. Coughing and coughing....I couldn't continue to eat this awful dish.  Who would do such a thing to squid? I told the bartender that I couldnt eat any more because of the paprika and he was like okay...ehhh. Meanwhile I continued to cough and cough. No, "hey you okay there??" Regardless, my lobster salad came. I think there was lobster in it?? Next, sorry but we are out of anchovies. Ok so I opted for the seared salmon...don't order it.  I wasn't impressed especially with it sitting on a bed of brown goo. The chorizo was WoW!! But the potatoes were ehhh. The calamari with garlic was the best dish. Super tasty. The great thing about this restaurant is the decor and the red sangria. The sangria reminded me of my days in Madrid. I think the menu should be re-done. Kinda disappointed with the food overall.
4	One of the better restaurants at Aria.  Used food credit from Expedia ($100)Ordered the Squid ink black rice, Ox tail, green salad. Service was attentive and unobtrusive and quick.  Not much around for other choices.  Mexican (we didn't go), Thai (little overpriced for thai) english bar ( we didn't go) cafe (similar to all the other hotels) buffet (definitely have to do this one too)
2	Mid range restaurant in Aria Resort that is kid friendly.  (Not screaming loud kids, but well behaved children were tolerated)I expect Vegas to be pricey so I wasn't too suprised to find the bill coming up to $350 for 6 people.  What am I surprised with was the level of service.  Our waiter seemed to be having a bad night the whole time he was serving us.  No 'thank-you's', no smile and anytime we asked for anything, it seemed as if we were cutting into his standing around time.Most of the items on the menu ranged from bland to good, but the stand outs were:Atlantic Cod - served with a salsa verde sauce, clams, asparagus, green peas and hardboiled egg.  Even the picture looks great.Steamed Mussels - served with shallots and garlic.  The mussels were a bit on the small side, but still flavorful.
5	Visited on a busier night than last time and again walked away impressed. Service and food were outstanding. We were celebrating our anniversary and got the memorable meal we were looking for. Sommelier was a bit pretentious but our server was great. Wild mushroom risotto, squid ink rice, and albondigas were standouts.
4	Julian serrano definitely deserves it's high reviews. I found the lobster gazpacho soup to be excellent with enough lobster meat to be noteworthy and the gazpacho to be puree style not my favorite style normally but worked well here. The gazpacho is very nicely spiced. I really enjoyed the mixed seafood ceviche, good amount of assorted fish and excellently spiced with well balanced mix of lime and cilantro and a nice kick to it. I was less enamored with the octopus and potatoes as i found it too greasy and just not noteworthy from a taste perspective. I am a real wine guy and while i am normally a red wine drinker i had to have white due to the fish dishes and i enjoyed the hondarrabi zuri ( by the glass) which is a nice crisp, refreshing wine with enough depth and structure to stand up o these tapas. After the gazpacho and 2 tapas i had room for dessert and a lot on the dessert menu appealed to me but i went with the santiago's cake which was decent but not great. I found it a bit heavy with no real compelling taste but did find the accompanying scoop of ice cream more noteworthy.
5	Excellent dining experience, and by far the best place I ate at during my vacation. I've never had tapas before, and these are certainly some of the best you can possibly get. Went with a group of 3 of us, and tried a little bit of everything (the filet mignon, scallops, potatoes, cheese platters, mushroom risotto, etc) and I don't think there was a single thing we wouldn't get again. Service was excellent, and the atmosphere was very relaxed. We went 2/13/13 for dinner at around 6:30pm and the place wasn't full at all, but it did fill up by the time we left. If I go back to Las Vegas, this is a place I will certainly frequent again.
3	Decent food and not too pricy, although tiny portions. I had the Lobster Saffron (excellent flavor but slight chewy lobster) & the Piquillo Peppers (meh). Followed by the flan for desert (what's with the mountain of raspberry coolwhip?)Could even be a 3.5 or 4 star if the hostess wasn't so consdescending and unhelpful. I have to say that the level of entitlement amongst servers in Vegas is through the roof. I mean, get over yourself. Dudes at the bar were slightly more gracious.
4	I really liked Julian Serrano. I'm a lover of tapas restaurants and Spanish food in general. It's best to come here with a group of people so you can get a little taste of everything. Some of my favorites were the tuna cones and the white anchovies on toast. We also got a huge skillet of paella. It was filled with lobster tails, scallops, shrimp, mussels etc.Although the paella was very good, it was a little dry. The service was great throughout the night. Overall, I would probably go again sometime.
5	The food that great chefs are made of, together with attentive and helpful service. Ideal for a post show dinner. Tapas are outstanding - the Gambas, Foie Gras, Patatas Bravas would hold their own in Andalusia. This is the fine dining is Vegas is renowned for.
2	I think I just expected more. The food was good but not enough for me to go back again. Portion sizes on Tapas are always small but some of the items we order were barely two bites.
3	A menu full (almost overwhelmingly so) of small dishes that will give you a great taste of Spain right on the Strip.Tapas restaurants are always frustrating to me because I can never seem to order the right amount of food and as a result always seem to leave hungry. To make matters worse, the food always seems to be pretty pricey so I'm not only hungry, but my wallet is significantly lighter to boot. This place is no different. The prices on some of the items border on exorbitant, which wouldn't be so upsetting to me given it's prime Strip location, except for the fact that I didn't leave full.OK, enough about the prices. The tapas were very well prepared and came out in a timely manner. Definitely order the ahi tuna tempura and a couple of beef dishes. My strategy with tapas is always to mix vegetable dishes, meat dishes, and fish dishes and I always get some sort of cheese. Even with all that, my buddies and I were still hungry so we ordered paella to supplement. The paella takes 35-45 minutes to prepare so be ready to wait. I tasted both seafood and meat paella and really preferred the flavor of the meat. Something about the seafood didn't taste quite right to me, but, everybody I was with preferred the seafood so I think it was just me.This meal is best enjoyed with a pitcher of red sangria - watch out for the fruit at the bottom, it'll knock you out.
4	My parents ate at Julian Serrano previously and liked it and so I decided to take them back.  Lot of great tapas ranging from the tuna raspberry skewer, iberico ham sliders, salmon cake, squid ink rice, tuna cones, sauteed foie and a large paella.  The white sangria was excellent!  I wished there were more iberico ham was there were only a few slices.  Anyway, the place is good but pricey as expected from Vegas.
4	Food and service and atmosphere were all excellent.  Prices are not cheap, but they are on par with other Vegas restaurants of the same caliber.  Quite good overall, I will return.
4	Had the opportunity to dine this evening solo at bar.  The staff was inviting and made me feel quite comfortable.  Savored the Creamy Risotto with wild mushrooms as aged Manchego.  Perfectly cooked (and I can't say that for a lot of the Risotto I have had while dining out).  This is a Tapas style restaurant so plates are small and delightful.
3	I sampled the romaine salad and the brava potato, as well as the saute spinach, chicken croquette and lastly, the molten chocolate with strawberry sorbet. Among all of these items, I liked the brava potato the best solely because I'm a french fries addict. The flavoring and preparation of the spinach and romaine salad were nothing extraordinary. I found the chicken croquette to be quite unique in that they used finely shredded chicken in this creamy sauce and the sauce was excellent.As I am not a fan of overly sweet food, I found the molten chocolate to be not as sweet as I'd like it to be for a dessert!!! That was a bit unexpected and I really wish the chocolate in the middle was slightly sweeter.
5	Ohh Julian, where should I start? Possibly with the Potatoes which absolutely melt in your mouth. As a Vegas local, I have been to a variety of different dining establishments. Off the strip, my favorite tapas place is Firefly. If you are on a budget and want tapas comparable to Julian, hit up Firefly. If you want the quality, variety and are not concerned about your wallet check out Julian. I have no complaints :)
4	Excellent food. Ordered the lamb chop,  picxto chorizo,  cannelloni,  manchego bread,  fried peppers I got two orders they were so goo.  Service is a little slow but good food if u don't mind the wait
1	Worst waiter ever.This place was on my maybe list for my Vegas trip, only because they serve paella.  It turned out to be convenient, so we went.  It was 3:30 in the afternoon, and mostly empty in there.I ordered the mixed paella as soon as the waiter from hell came to our table, as we were going to see Le Reve that night.That waiter NEVER came back to see if we wanted drinks or anything else from the menu.  I had to flag his sorry ass down to order a beer.  They ran out of the one I wanted to try, and he said there was one not on the menu, he hesitated because it's "strong."  It was not.  He must be used to drinking piss water.  But it wasn't that.  He saw an Asian woman and applied his ignorant stereotypes.That dip shit appeared to provide service to the few other occupied tables around us, but not us.When the paella arrived, I took a picture.  After that, there was a very marked difference in that waiter's attitude.  All of a sudden, he became friendly.  Well what do you know about that.He never took the menus from our table.  And some other guy came to take the other two place settings from the four top we sat, right in the middle of our meal.A waitress, she was Asian, who had started her shift as we began our meal, came over right away and removed the menus.The flavors of the paella were good. There was no crust to speak of, though.  Also, one of the handful of mussels in it had a broken shell.  So.  The kitchen sees this broken shell on a shellfish, and decides to just send it out as is.  Wth.  You're not supposed to do that, especially not for a $50 dish.What a joke of a restaurant.  Except for that waitress, the only person in there who knew what she was doing. The hostess was great too.
2	Food is adequate. Service is good. But everything is way over priced. Go to a Firefly instead. Half the price; better menu and the tapas is exquisite.
5	After a disappointing lunch, we decided to live it up with some tapas. Tapas, for us at least, are a little exquisite, with good variety... and expensive. Julian Serrano about sums up these principals, but even as tapas go this place is real good.We ordered four dishes here which filled us up, although we were looking for a light meal so it worked out. We got the Croquetas chicken, calamari, white ceviche and papas bravas. Everything was delicious, although the white ceviche was the clear winner while everything else was a tied for second runner up with no weak dishes to be had. A great experience with a very friendly waiter as well, making this the star eat of our Vegas trip.As long as you are prepared for the tapas experience, can't go wrong with Julian Serrano.
4	I ate dinner here with two other ladies during a girls weekend to Vegas. We were staying at the Aria and wanted a nice dinner, so we decided to try Julian Serrano before heading to a show and club. I am a huge tapas fan so I was happy to try this place out. Located near the check-in desk and not too far off the casino floor, it is not a hard place to find. Additionally even though we did not have reservations, they sat us right away at 6:30 pm, most likely since we were dining a tad early by Vegas standards.I'm still getting use to restaurants being hi-tech, so I was surprised when our waiter handed us an IPAD instead of a wine menu. However I didn't need to scroll too far once I saw they had an Albarino (my favorite kind of wine) on the menu. My two dining companions left the ordering to me which was really nice. Thankfully at the end of the meal they thought I did a good job or it could have been disasterous!For food we got the seared scallop (3 come with the order), pan manchego, bravas potatoes, stuffed piquillo peppers, and the traditional spanish chicken croquetas, topped off with the molten chocolate cake for dessert. The scallops were cooked to perfection (they melted in my mouth) and the peppers had a little kick due to the goat cheese that oozed out of them. I have had better bravas potatoes at other tapas restaurants, but my dining companions really enjoyed them along with the pan manchego. The chicken croquetas were all of our least favorite dish - something about the texture just turned me personally off. The chocolate cake was a nice way to cap the meal and, needless to say, not one bite was left of it.If Yelp had half stars, I would give it a 3.5, but am rounding up to four because we had very good service, really liked the atmosphere/ambiance of the restaurant, and pretty much all the food we tried was solid. It just didn't blow me away like other tapas places I have been to. On a future Vegas visit, I would come back with more people to try more of the menu as there were plenty of dishes that appealed to me.
4	Great menu! Great Tapas. A little on the loud side and informal but fun and nice for Tapas!
5	By far my favorite tapas restaurant! Took a girls trip to Vegas with 8 girls and we all loved it!! Everything was top notch! Each item we tried was amazing! Everything from their sangria to dessert is recommended. I don't think you can go wrong with any selection. We wanted to try everything so we even went back the following day; which is unheard of in Vegas. If you enjoy tapas, then this should be your first stop in Vegas!!!
4	a bit disorganized at the check-in due to design of reception area. once seated very interesting menu. great combinations among the tapas dishes. well presented and fantastic flavors. wait staff very timely and polite. Atmosphere was lively but too loud. would have given 5 but for the chaos at front desk and stingy wine pour.
4	Spectacular ceviche, fish dishes, atmosphere in the aria. Debated between this and jaleo, wasn't disappointed! Could have done without the Spanish tostada, too potatoey for my taste.
4	The hubs and I stopped in for a few drinks and appetizers before heading out to dinner at The Cosmopolitan and had a great time! We were staying at Aria and wanted to grab a quick drink before heading off to dinner -- enter Julian Serrano. Easy location and no wait? Score. Overall it was a great experience. The service was top-notch and the food was awesome! Honestly it was hard to narrow down the menu to just two small plates since we were going to be eating dinner elsewhere. We settled on the pancetta and goat cheese stuffed dates and the bravas which were both delicious. For drinks we both had the sangria which was excellent as well. Will definitely return for dinner next time!
5	Actually we were wanting to visit the restaurant next door and since that was closed for lunch we decided to try the tapas here. We ordered the Valenciana Paellas & the grilled lamb chops. Both of them were flavorful & exquisite. Service was very good as well. Will definitely return for another visit whenever in Vegas.
4	Tapas! Yes, the hot food trend is front and center at Julian Serrano. And he does a magnificent job weaving ceviches, charcuterie and (of course) paella throughout your table.There is so much to choose from on the menu that there's really no sense in describing it all. Just try a little of everything and enjoy! Thoroughly! Each bite is so full of flavor your pallet will never get bored.The decor is ultra modern but casual like almost everything in Vegas and it's right off the main Aria lobby. Service was impeccable - not hovering but also there whenever you need it. Friendly, helpful and attentive.Don't be fooled by the relatively low cost per plate. It adds up quickly to a hefty dinner tab. But, what doesn't cost a bundle in Vegas these days? Enjoy the magical culinary adventure that is Julian Serrano Tapas and worry about your bank account tomorrow!
5	BEST DINING ECPERIENCE!!! The food and wine was exqisite and the service was over the top. This was our first time here an we had no idea what to order. The waiter was very knowledgeable about everything on the menu as well as the wine menu. We we're NOT dissapointed at all. Definitly recommending this restaurants to all of our friends!!
5	We ate here prior to attending the Zarkana show this past weekend.  I was really impressed with the food and service.  The bartender serving us, I believe his name was Premo, was so attentive and funny.  He made our experience all the better.  I would definitely go back the next time we are in town.
4	Always a great time!!!
4	Fun lil tappas place. Good atmosphere. Different areas for intimate dining, group dining or entertaining view from the bar. Server was informative without being pushy. Portions fill you up just enough.
3	Food was good, however I was expecting a lot more based on the reviews.  The atmosphere is also slightly off. It is located with in the lobby of the Aria, and does not have walls to close you off, so it has more of a the feel of a food court.  With all of the fabulous places in the Vegas, this is not one that I recommend
4	This place is so good. The drinks are good especially the Sangria-- Wowser it is strong. I have been here many times and tried many things on the menu. My favorite is the mixed grill paella. The ceviche is also a favorite. The only problem is if you go with 3 people there is always that odd moment of who is getting that extra piece. The plates usually come with 2 or 4 pieces. So if you go in a group of 3, get ready to fight. It is totally worth it. Or just order extra plates.
4	Great: lobster gazpacho, mixed seafood ceviche, risotto, sangriaReally Good: ox tail wrapped in pancetta, ahi tuna tempura rollsGood: cheese plate, pistachio tart, chocolate lava cake, chorizo and chicken paellaDisappointing: warm spinach salad
5	I wish I had a place like this where I lived. Good simple foods, nice service, and not to upscale but classy enough to have atmosphere. I have never had a bad meal here, and the drinks are fantastic! The tile work in the place is really nice, and be sure to try their Foie Gras! Outstanding! Everyone we have sent here has loved it!
5	Add to the list of entrees you can't pass up: the mussels. So, so tasty. Also don't miss the Spanish tortilla (eggs, potatoes, carmelized onion) and the albondigas.
4	We were both were really looking forward to this place because we saw they had churros for dessert and they were a tapas place.  We got the the restaurant and had a reservation through open table (we requested somewhere where we could see the entire restaurant because it really was beautiful, they sat us in the back next to a pillar which blocked the entire restaurant BOO)We ordered first the whitefish ceviche (really really good) .  The taro chips complemented the ceviche perfectly. Then we had the tuna cones, they were really good as well.  All their seafood tasted really fresh (for being in a landlocked state).  Next was the soup, I thought it was ok but a but on the salty side, but the BF loved it.  We had the pan manchengo next, soo light and good.  And our last dishes were the lobster with the mashed potatoes and asparagus and the beef and cheese.  These were really good the lobster was cooked very nicely and seemed to be wrapped in prosciutto, very nice and crispy and the beef and cheese was nice and medium rare.  Really good beef but a bit on the heavier side.Overall it was a really nice dinner and we really enjoyed it.  Sadly we could not order dessert, we we just way too full.We would definitely come back next time and those churros are on the list.
4	Let me start this out by saying that my feelings about this place fall somehwere between A-OK and I'm a fan. I had a reservation, made through Open Table, for a party of 4. Two people arrived early and were seated right away. When I arrived, a drink menu was promptly delivered...actually it was an iPad but same thing, and our drink were ordered. The atmosphere was loud in a Saturday night kind of way. Unfortunatley, two of our dinning companions were a bit older and hearing was an issue for them. I suspected this might be a problem, as Tapas restarants normally promote drinking and plate sharing which leads to lots of guest interaction. But I just went with it. We ordered the Tuna raspberry skewers, the spicy tuna cones, a serrano ham plate, truffle risotto, a salmon dish, galic chicken, and artichokes. I woudl say 50% was delicios, the other 50% was just meh. The artichokes were little grease bites, the salmon was forgettable and the raspberry tuna skewers looked better than they tasted. My favorite was the spicy tuna cone. It had great texture and the flavors worked really well. The serrano ham plate was simple and everyone gobbled it up. The risotto wasn't the best i've ever had but the truffle flavor was intense and I'm a sucker for truffle anything. Dessert: Churros with chocolate dipping sauce & Almond cake. The churros were hot but plain, no sugar or cinnimon sprinked on them. The chocolate sauce was thick and slightly spiced with chili, yum. I prefered the almond cake. It was simple and a nice finish to the meal but nothing I would specifically recommend to a visitor. Drinks- I have an obsession with Aviations and the one here was really good. Not a great as the ones made at the Vesper Bar but still very tasty. They also had a nice wine list but the waiters knowledge was not that extensive to be able to make suggestions without pouring multiple tastes. Easy to get a reservation and fun if you want to mingle. Dishes are different that your typical tapas fare, even though there are the staples, and its always fun to try somethinig new.
4	Tapas - small dishes - are an excellent way to spend an evening, enjoying the flavored and a great glass of red!  Enjoyed the white ceviche, garlic chicken, tuna, sliders et al!  Service was prompt and pleasant.
4	The Ceviche was amazing! Was surprised that this place was able to pull off such a dish! We ordered a dishes but by far, Ceviche was the best.Service is great! Our server, Eddie was phenomenal! The atmosphere was relaxed, not too crowded but just busy enough to give the place life.  The only thing that keeps me from going back is parking at Aria. What a mess that is!
5	Amazing simply the best Spanish food I have had so far in the US. The ceviche is mind blowing. Came here 2 nights in a row!
4	I love this place!! I'm regretting waiting so long to try it but this is a go to place when I'm in town.  All the food except maybe one thing we ordered was excellent.  We ordered 10 dishes and I think the one that stand out the most was the Rabo De Toro.  Other favorites was the risotto, Foiegras, short ribs and the donuts!. Can't miss that with the Churros.  You can double dip the chocolate and the butterscotch from the donuts!
4	Went here last weekend for a bachelorette party. We had planned to start the night out with a light dinner here. Reservations for our party of seven were made in advance because we had plans to get to a club by 11. We showed up a few minutes early for our reservation and the hostess says it will be a few minutes, you're the next party of seven. Now I have no problem waiting 5-10 minutes for them to clear the tables or whatever but we waited over 45 minutes. By this point we were starving and worried about making it to our later plans. I wish I could have given this place 5 stars because the food really was great and the service (after speaking with the manager about our dilemma) was awesome. The food was served quickly and the prices were pretty reasonable considering everything on Vegas is a little pricey. I'd go here again but only if I wasn't in a rush to be somewhere!
2	Went to see Zarkana afterwards we were hungry and tried this place. The food was pretty good but portions are tiny. Ordered the garlic chicken which had a lot of fat on it also got the lamb chop which was ok and again had a lot of fat. Black rice was pretty good, salad was good, steak tartar which was good. Also had some other dishes as well.I would not go there again not worth the money.
2	Not worth the money.We had the mushroom risotto and the mixed ceviche, and I also sampled the salmon with truffle and the sea bass. Both fish were cooked perfectly and the sea bass was the better of the two. The risotto was cooked nicely. I thought the seafood in the ceviche could have been cut into smaller bite-size pieces, and the fish could have been firmer. It had a soggy texture that didn't fare well. For the price, the portion in all dishes was pretty small. I also had a peach cocktail that was average. Service was shaky, which was more significant since we were a large party and paid 18% gratuity. It was not only that they were slow but also that they were absent. Even though it was a busy Saturday night, I expected better food and service from a fine-dining establishment of (supposed) high caliber.
4	Having no expectation of this place and a pretty bad experience with Spanish cuisine, I must say I was amazed at how Julian Serrano has proved me wrong and makes me want to return to try more tapas.For two people, we split an order of paella (takes 40 mins to make, enough for 2 according to their menu, enough for 4 if you are ordering some tapas). We started off the meal with the sliders, ceviche, and chicken croquetas. We might have ordered a dish too many as we were waiting for our paella, but oh well! I loved their croquetas. Crispy outer layer with a creamy, juicy chicken filling. It's like a bite sized pot pie! Although the dish is quite petite, it can be quite heavy. The ceviche I ordered contained white fish, octopus, scallops served with these chips reminded me of some root (I'm guessing its a lotus chip. ) it's a good light and appetizing small dish. The chips balances out the not too overwhelming lime juice. The tentacles weren't tough to chew, not overdone. We had the mixed paella with Spanish chorizo, lobster,  mussels, chicken, artichokes, peas. Some of the other paella sounded tastier but I couldn't decide between chorizo and lobster so why not both? It's a fragrant dish served fresh on its hot plate, with the steam with juicy chicken and fresh seafood seeping out of the saffron rice. The dish isn't extremely dry, overlooked, or salty. It has been way too long since I've had paella like this.I couldn't finish half my paella since I do want to make some room for desserts. We split the molten chocolate cake with blood orange sorbet. After tasting some crappy fake blood orange flavored sugary ice with food coloring, I'm glad to have some real blood orange sorbet that is on point! It's a must for me to have some tarty flavors in case the chocolate gets too sweet and overwhelming. The chocolate cake itself is actually semisweet. Good on its own, great with the sorbet. That warm and cold mixture just gets you when you're indoors at somewhere with super high AC but you're still in the desert. The cake is not dense at all, very airy textured, just enough to hold the warm chocolate filing in the center.Definitely worth my dollars. Can't wait to come back and try more tapas!
4	I had my favorite meal during my 4 days in Vegas here at Julian Serrano.  The menu is impressive, there are so many plates to choose from.  It's tapas style but I was stuffed after ordering 2 dishes.  I got the gambas a la plancha (head-on prawns), a bit of a mess to eat, I think I would try something else next time but delicious.  My favorite was the Rabo de toro (oxtail AND iberico?).  can't go wrong with that one.  I ordered a glass of russian river pinot noir that was delicious (@ $18/glass, one would hope so).  ONe thing that turned me off was one of the bartenders who served me.  He pushed sangria on me, saying it was the best drink to order.  1) it was the cheapest (not that that necessarily means anything and 2) it was the sweetest and I told him I don't like sweet drinks.  The other bartender who served me completely cancelled this guy out though, he was awesome and attentive.  If I lived in Vegas, I'd be a regular here.  The prices are reasonable and meet my expectations for the quality.  A delightful, and polar opposite experience to Bar Masa.
5	Fan-frickin-tastic.I admit I went to this more than a year ago but our meal still stands out as one of our better Vegas dining experiences.The 'atmosphere' is a bit odd, just between the Cosmopolitan and Aria but the food and great service make up for any oddity.I know I should have taken notes because I can't remember what we had, but I doubt there's a 'miss' on the list, just go for it.
4	I love this place. There, I said it.If I could pick a secret super-hero dining tool, it would be an extending fork. I love to try everything - all of it. A perfect meal for me means I have sampled it all.... Shared with my neighbor and snagged a little something from your plate. No need here, small plates built to share means people like me are happy campers!Although its billed as a Spanish tapas joint, it has a more American flare.My faves of the evening:- goat cheese lollipops - ohhhh we ordered more!- steak- donuts- churros (clearly I have a dessert problem)My not faves -- calamari - table loved it, just not my thing- paella - my muscles were a bit strongFantastic drinks, people watching and service. We dines with 8 people, and had a ton of dishes. The bill slit was 120 which seemed pretty good. Great value, and super convenient for the cirque show.It didn't hurt that we sat next to a fabulous bachelorette party dressed as Air Force pilots (nice one ladies)Ill go back. Loads of fun and great food.
5	Had multiple foodgasms.Living in Spain for a while, I have to say I've had better Tapas here than I did back in some places in Spain.I got the croquettes, potatoes, white anchovy tapas, stuffed dates (OMFG), and then finished it off with Churros con chocolate (OMG x2)Words cannot express the feelings I got when I was eating all of this food.Too bad it's pricey and 2,000 miles away from my home, because I'd come back here every weekend.
5	Recently was in Vegas for a roller derby game, and a group from my team came here for dinner.We had a 9:30 reservation, and showed up with 4 of the 6.  They still seated us, and brought us drinks.  We went with a sangria, which was delicious, and got our evening started off right!The other two in our party ending up being really quite late, so we went forward and ordered food.  They were very patient and pleasant when the remaining party members did show up.Here's some things that the table ordered:Goat Cheese SaladTuna-Raspberry SkewerWhite Ceviche (YES.)Black Rice (So good!)Brava Potatoes AsparagusCreamy Risotto (Must have.)Stuffed Dates (We almost ordered another, so good!)They have an entire vegetarian / vegan menu, so don't be shy about asking.  Also, we didn't partake in them, but the paellas looked AMAZING that were going out to the other tables.Overall, we had a great experience.  Pleasant wait staff, delicious food and drinks, great atmosphere.  Definitely would return.
2	The service was good and the atmosphere is nice...but the food...a joke. We ordered the rib eye, the chorizo, the sauteed shrimp and the steak tar tar to start....and to end. We took a few bites and realized we had to go somewhere else and eat pronto. The rib eye was 2 slices of a decent steake but verrrry fatty...and that was the best part of the meal. The chorizo was less stellar than Jimmy Dean and i dont even eat that garbage. The shrimp tasted like it went from the freezer to the microwave in bacon fat. And the tar tar... which my friend ordered and he has worked in some of the finer NY restaurants including Ciprianis.. was laughable. When the waiter came to ask if we needed anything more we said the check and the nearest decent restaurant. I said the "chef should be demoted to bus boy". He summoned his manager who was nice enough but insisted that his chef was "one of the best in spain". Insert laughter here. Ok well congratulations to him but this food was nothing but overpriced. He comped the two dishes we left on the plate (which was not our intention) and apologized but we left hungry and very disappointed. And btw i have been to Spain and the food there is not spectacular as rule but the great Tapas places are all about quality which this place lacks.
4	Overall a really nice restaurant. Great food. I did think that some of the portions sizes were a little small or maybe there were just too many of us! My favorite dishes were, Spanish tortilla (excellent) brava potatoes, scallops, lamb chop. We also ordered the mixed paella. It was just ok. The mussels & lobster in it were delicious, but otherwise it was just bleh! I don't drink sangria but the other 8 people in my party loved it. Overall a good dining experience.
3	Get the stuffed dates and foie gras!!! Stuffed dates have pancetta with its wholesome self crisped around it. The gin cocktail with pureed apples and thyme, perfect. Short ribs a bit tough, lime sweet potatoes were delicious. Seabass was executed nicely... great flavors, perfectly crispy skin. Make sure you ask for your temperature on the sliders, ours came it well. Manager was great and gracious enough to attend time with us and explain everything. Our server on the other hand, not attentive. He did not have suggestions, didn't know the menu, spoke way to quiet, and stood around across the room most of the night. Nice kid but not up to par to serve at a complex strip restaurant.  Bussers and management were at our table 98 %. I would come back hopefully service is better.  Prices are a bit high but i knew and expected that. 3 1/2 stars.
4	I'm not really one for eating tapas, but our group ate here after a little convincing and it was quite good. The pace of tapas coming to the table is a little too slow for me, but Serranos seemed to pull things off quite nicely.If you like tapas, I'd highly recommend. Everyone in our group thoroughly enjoyed themselves.
3	Ordered three plates: (1) yellowtail "tiradito" - very good (loved the fried string sweet potatoes with it. The portion was very small (only three pieces), (2) white ceviche - decent, but had better, (3) Heirloom tomato salad with mozzarella ice cream- tasty.  Overall, the food is good, but portion is very small and it's pricey. I know it's a tapas place, but I've had bigger portions at other tapas place.
3	Very nice restaurant with excellent food but the service that day was lacking.  So many people there friday night with at least 2 brides to be :). The waiter was quite apologetic and kind but my hubby got quite annoyed when the last dish did not appear for 20-30 mins.  They happily cancelled it though when we requested it to be cancelled.  I really enjoyed their sangria too.  Overall, they just need to hire more waiters and chefs so that they can boost their ratings.  I would give it a 4 but my hubby would give it a 2, so average is a 3 :)
2	Hmmm too expensive ! We were there this evening and are very disappointed. We ordered the red sangria, which was ok ( I only missed fruit in it ).  As in Europe, we ordered tapas. The patata bravas too expensive, sorry. They are selling shrimps in stead of real gambas. The abodigas were just ok.  We made a complaint and only got the answer : I'll let the chef know.....Nice place to sit, not too cold inside. Anyway, we will not return.
5	Excellent food! Ahi tuna cones and white ceviche were amazing, so was the rib eye. Great service too!
5	From atmosphere to food to service- from drinks to tapas- Julian Serrano is a must when even close to the Aria Casino. If you are a fan of Spanish tapas, you will be as close to heaven as you will ever be. We are huge fans of tapas, the smaller portions and the many flavors that will explode on your taste buds. So many varieties and all of the tapas were beautifully presented on great, long rectangular plates that facilitated the three of us getting to all that was available. Favorites included the Spanish tortilla de patata, the octopus, the scallops, the ceviche was so delicious. We tried everything we thought we would like including the lamb, and then because we had a great rapport  with our waiter, we let him pick some of his favorites for us to try. We had reservations for 9pm and ate easily for at least 2 and a half hours, as a matter of fact, we actually closed the restaurant down and were never made to feel that we were a bother. It was a birthday celebration, and they brought the most beautiful plate complete with candle! (see pictures) Rarely will you find a restaurant that gets all of it right- but at Julian Serrano all of the stars aligned for us to give us a perfect meal.
5	Great Tapas
5	AMAZING thank you yelp for allowing me to find this place bu its amazing reviews. We went here Wednesday night this restaurants is located in the Aria hotel. I looked to see the items that you MUST order and i did and was extremely impressed. I started with the lobster salad omg lobster was cooked just perfectly and a decent portion too. Also the fish ceviche very good, and their advertisement has the tuna lollipops. that you just must try i cannot explain how good they are. Also the salmon with the truffle sauce and mushrooms. Great place a must try if you are a foodie !
3	Came here expecting a nice ish tapas restaurant but turns out its a bit more casual. Its in the lobby of the Aria and despite being labeled as "$$$" there are a lot of people in flip flops and still wearing bathing suits or what have you from the pool. We had reservations for 9 and arrived 20 min early and asked one of the hosts if we could be sat a little early. He said he would check and then disappeared for 10 minutes. People that just walked in were sat down before us as we just waited for him. He eventually came back and looked at us then walked away. Ok. After another while and more walk ins being sat in front of us a waitress finally said to follow her and sat us at our table. It was already past 9 at that point. He could've just said "Sorry we can't sit you earlier" and we would have happily sat at the bar and ordered a drink. What a pointless waste of our time as we stood by the hostess stand. Food was ok. A couple hits and a couple misses. Overall wish we had gone to Jaleo instead. Food was not super creative, the tasting menu especially was really generic with caeser salad, chicken, and molten lava cake. Not very Spanish-y at all I imagine it was trying to appeal to the mass audience/flip flop crowd.Started off with chicken croquettes with bechamel, yummy and really creamy/fried but not very reminiscent of Spanish croquettes. The pan con tomate and manchego was unremarkable. We were pretty excited for the black foot pig ribs with beans and the black foot pig shoulder on toast with caramelized onions. Black foot pigs are fed only acorns and their meat is supposed to taste amazing. The ribs were ALL fat. Honestly could not tell you what the meat tasted like because there were only tiny scraps of it attached to white blubber. The beans were ok. The pork shoulder had good flavor but was so tough. Its a shame to overcook such good quality meat like that. With the onions and toast it would've been lovely if properly cooked.The dish I most liked was one of the specials, coca with goat cheese, figs and arugula. The coca bread was soooo good. Cannot wait to get that again somewhere. Its like a cakey thicker tortilla. With the fresh figs and goat cheese and arugula this was perfect.The chicken with chorizo and potatoes was super flavorful and a lot of food. It came with salty whipped cream which I imagine you were supposed to mix into everything else but I was not quite fond of. It could have used a fresh/vegetable element since everything was very heavy. They forgot my lobster saffron rice but at that point I was full so it was fine. Looked at desserts but they looked pretty meh. The table next to us ordered the churros and they looked pretty unremarkable. The almond cake with turron ice cream sounded better but after the meal we were reluctant to order it. Would probably not return here.
5	Wow! Tapas and service galore. Make sure you ask for April, then start with a glass of Spanish Red wine.  When you start your order, keep these specialties in mind., goat cheese salad, mushroom risotto, tuna cones, salmon truffle.... Need I go on...We will be back!
2	The service the night we dined led something to be desired. In total we had at least three servers come by our table taking various orders or dropping items off which was confusing as to who was actually in charge of our table. After waiting 15-20min to place our order of three tapas and sangria, we received our food which was only a meat plate, cheese plate and tuna cones after 15min but no sangria until the end of our meal. We told our third waiter we wanted the sangria taken off our bill since it was ridiculous to be served our drinks after we were done, especially since we could see if was permeate in a giant glass jug with a spout on the bar. The manager was nice enough to come over and discuss our lack of service and took half off our bill including the sangria, which was appreciated. So I would give it a second chance because the food was excellent and the manager acknowledged the lacking service without us having to call him over.
5	Yum! Love this place and will definitely return! Everything was delicious and service was fast.faves:white cevichegambasspanish sliders
1	I am writing this update because I had such a bad experience. My first was fine and this was just horrible. I made my reservation for 5:30 for 4 people. We sat down with 3 people waiting on the 4th. The waitress took about 10 minutes to reach our table. We told her to brig the Sangria ( which tasted like pure sugar water this time) and a calamari for and app. She brought the items and we told her we would be ordering the Paella because it takes 40 minutes to cook. She said fine and walked away. After about 25 minutes I called her over and asked if we could order. I also just wanted to double check with her that she put the paella in for 4 people . She looked at me like I was crazy. She said no, she put it in for 2 people. WHAT??? We have a table of 4. She said we should just order an extra item off of the menu if we were still hungry. I asked for the manager right away.The manager came over and I explained the situation. He said he would try and get a 4 person paella expedited for us. He came out 5 minutes later and said we were so lucky because someone else had ordered a 4 person and he would just give us theirs. After we had all of our small plates, which were good they brought out the paella. OMG was this a joke? You could see right away that the rice was not cooked. We asked them to serve it up and they just glared at us and left a spoon. We tried eating it and the rice was so raw it was literally sticking to our teeth. We were picking it out. I called the manager back over. We asked him to taste it, he did and said that is how they serve it. What a liar. I have had the paella here so many times and never tasted this kind of crap. He took it away and we just ordered the donuts for dessert. We ordered 2 orders so we could all have some. They brought out 3 and also a flan that tasted horrible and no one ate. The manager came back over and said he had removed several things off of our check. When we got the check, they charged us for half of a paella and 3 orders of donuts. WHAT??? GET THE MANAGER!! He came over again about 10 minutes later with a new check and said "oh here is your real check". Are you serious Mr. Manager? Nice try ripping me off. This was a disaster and I will never return to this restaurant. What a joke! This place is not cheap and they should have it together by now. That waitress and manager should be fired for playing silly little games. Oh and by the way even after the removal of the paella we still spent roughly $300- So we were really not looking for a free meal, just good food and service.
3	I'll keep this short and sweet: if you want amazing tapas, go to La Cave at the Wynn. Julian Serrano is good, but the portions are very small for a very high price, and I think La Cave's food is better...
4	Love this place. It was a Tuesday night and the place was packed. Luckily we had a reservation and we were seated right away. The service was fairly quick. The ambiance is lively and bright, it's loud but bearable, everyone looked like they were having a good time.Continue on to the food. There are many selections on tapas, price ranges from $11-$30 each most of them are at $14-$16 which are fairly reasonable being a restaurant at the Aria. We ordered the Mixed Seafood Ceviche, the Lobster Saffron and the Bomba (spicy meatball) to start off. All were delicious. Then we shared a Mixed Paellas $50, can be shared among 2 ppl, (lobster, mussels, chicken, spanish pork chorizo and vegetables over saffron rice). The rice was a little hard for me but the seafood were cooked to perfection. Hint: all the dished we've tried was a little on the salty side, that's how they get you to drink more. We also had a pitcher of white Sangria which was way more than enough alcohol for the 2 of us.By the end of the meal we were too stuffed to try dessert. We'll be back next time to try other tapas.. they all sound so good.
4	I've always been pretty suspicious of tapas restaurants. All to often restaurants use "tapas' as an excuse to serve up small portions at high prices. And while Julian Serrano is no exception to this, the small plates of deliciousness served up here are worth it if your a tapas fan.Couple of items I definitely think are worth checking out: goat cheese lollipops, Spanish sliders, brava potatoes and of course churros for dessert. However beware, the ribs here nothing but flavored fat. The food was delicious without a doubt, I could probably eat most of those dishes again without hesitation. Julian Serrano like the other restaurants at City Center looks great. Nice open spot, very hip and service was nothing to complain about. Hit up OpenTable to get a reservation unless you like waiting.JS is definitely more expensive than some of the other tapas restaurants around the Strip, but hey... you are eating at Aria after all. Around $10-$20 for most plates but the portions are small. I couldn't help but be disappointed at how small the plates were. Each tapa usually translates to only 2-3 bites when sharing with the table. I doubt anyone can leave this place satisfied for under $40. Last minute tip: check out M-life to see if they have promotions for this place. Bringing down the price makes JS definitely worth it!
4	Love this place.  I had eaten at BarMasa the night before and was not impressed there, but am so happy that I stumbled upon Julian Serrano.  Nice atmosphere with awesome Tapa's.  We sat at the bar, which was more like a table for 4 and had a great time and awesome meal.  Ordered a not so expensive bottle of wine and just kept ordering off the menu one at a time until we were full.  DEFINITELY try the ahi tuna.  Unreal and worth a second order.  Service at the bar was exceptional and it was a fun evening.  It was packed, but in my opinion sit at the bar tables if its just a few (or two in my case) of you.  I think its a better more social scene there and you aren't shuffled off into the bowels of the restaurant (actually its pretty open, just saying the bar area is better).A fan here!
5	I am a slut for patatas bravas. It's the truth. That spicy aioli, the potatoes...crispy on the outside, velvet on the inside. It doesn't really get any better than that. Oh wait, it does! When patatas bravas are joined by a nice glass of wine, the delctable, savory paquetitos (manchego and artichoke mixture wrapped with JAMON), a  BOWL OF HOT, GLISTENING CHORIZO, and a handsome smiling man...I become THE BIGGEST SLUT IN THE WORLD. What's that touching your crotch? Oh, nothing. JUST MY HANDS. JK JK JK But really, I had a lovely time here. A lovely time that was made even lovelier with my smartly dressed hunk of a boyfriend. The staff got a nice, fat tip, because they were positively PLEASANT, despite the madness of a busy lunchtime crowd. A few negatives: - I like chairs with backs, I found the stool situation to be a little uncomfortable- the space is TOOO small! Yes, it's intimate, but I shouldn't have to be grinding with strangers as I wait for seating!
5	Amazing food. Got the ceviche, patatas bravas and some cocktails and we were very happy campers. Great staff. They manage to create a great atmosphere despite the fact that you're dining in a mall.
4	Had a very nice lunch here. I believe it was $19 for three courses. Started with lobster gazpacho followed by a very nice salmon entree and a piece of almond cake for desert. Wife had the gazpacho, the chicken and flan. The chicken was very delicious. A great value for lunch in Vegas.
4	While on a girls' trip to Vegas, we came here to eat - the fact that we could order multiple plates and share them was enticing. We started off with a pitcher of Sangria that was really refreshing. For plates, we got the following dishes, and I put them in the order of what I liked the best:1. short ribs (my favorite but we had 2 orders - 1 fall of the bone amazing, 1 kind of tough)2. white ceviche3. stuffed dates4.  brava potatoes5. garlic chicken6. spanish tortillaTips/Info:- Get roughly 2-3 small dishes per person.- Make a reservation ahead of time- It's inside ARIA just past the main hotel check-in desk
1	Tapas bar is trendy and modern.   I am a 61 YO pharmacist and was the oldest person in the dining area.  The hostess stuck us in the far and dark corner of the restaurant but we told her to seat us near the front.  We got a tiny table  which was not big enough for the small plates that were served to patrons. It was like a juggling act.  constantly tried to transfer food from many plates to our very small dinner plate. We had to stack the plates due to lack of table space.  Our server had a slight attitude toward us but just ignored it.  The food looked great but tasted average.  I wish I would have given the $90 to a homeless guy/girl instead of wasting it at the tapas bar.  If you are under 35 yo , I think you will get great service.
4	Tapas were good.  Definitely would go again.  Really liked the goat cheese lollipops.
5	The food here is DE-LISH-OUS.We stumbled upon Julian Serrano after previous dinner plans had fallen through.  They were able to squeeze in our table of 7 without a reservation.At the bar, they have three types of Sangria, red, white and blush.  Of course, I tried the red sangria which was probably one of the best I've tried.  It was not too sweet which means less of a headache later in the night or in the morning.Here's what we went with:      -Octupus:  Octopus on top of potato in a butter paprika sauce      - Black Rice: Calamari, lobster, sofrito and squid ink      -Mixed Paella: lobster, chicken, mussels, chorizo, veggiesThe tapas where some of the best I've ever had and the Black Rice was the star of the show.  It was so different and so good, I can't think of anything I could compare it to.  The Paella was good, but not great.  I would recommend spending your money on the extensive tapa selection that is available.
5	Fabulous. Expensive. But fabulous.We ate here a few weeks ago during a tour of the grand loop. We opted for the early theater menu with wine pairing. Definitely a great experience.Started with lobster gazpacho (awesome!), and chicken croquettes for the other half. Then salmon for one, pork chop sous vide for the other (both fabulous, pork with dried fruit and some amazing sauce concoction).Molten chocolate cake was only topped by the santiago cake, both are, like, to die for, so to speak. A well paired glass of wine with each course, the red being the best of the three.All in all, $39 pre-fixe + $19 wine pairing, you're talking like $150 tax and tip. For a fabulous three course meal and wine in Vegas, I'd say it's not too bad. Friendly service to boot. Definitely a treat.Thanks for listening!
4	Delicious food, great atmosphere. It was just loud, we had a hard time hearing one another. Small portions!!!!!
4	Oh, yum. Everything I had was really tasty! Tapas are usually expensive, so I didn't see this place being that much more expensive than others, but for a few extra dollars you get a lot of flavor. They have a lot of "new" kinds of tapas that are a fusion of other ethnic foods but you also have the traditional spanish tapas such as mussels, gazpacho, and the like. What did we get?AsparagusSpinachChicken croquetas (Don't get this. not worth the money) Spanish tortillaMusselsWhite cevicheYellow tail dish (it was 3 raw slices of yellow tail that was wrapped around this sauce filled with what they said was "sweet potato haystack"...JUST GET IT.) Gazpacho w/ lobster (MY absolute favorite, had this ball that broke open in your mouth that had this super savory broth in it) Paella valenciana (for 2)Oh, and a glass or red wine sangria and a pitcher of sparkling white sangriaMan oh man. Bill turned out to be 212 dollars or so. Not too terrible for a tapas place.What dishes were the stars in my opinion? 1. Gazpacho- it was one of the BEST i've ever had. Lobster pieces were BIG too, and that weird sphere thing was tasty! Hard to share, since it's soup, though. BTW it's kinda cute that the waiter warns you that it's a cold soup. I guess people have made that mistake before, but don't get put off by it- it's SUPER refreshing! 2. White ceviche- ohh...so orgasmically delicious. I wish they would put more taro chips on there with the ceviche...and I wish they would have a separate plating of the chips and ceviche so the chips won't get soggy. 3. YELLOWTAIL ...it's pricy.. 3 pieces for 16 bucks so it was basically almost a 6 dollar bite you're paying for (plus tax and tip)  ...but it was so worth it. We didn't know it was only 3 pieces or else we wouldn't have gotten it, but if you're a baller...get this dish. it's extravagant, delicious and PERFECT. The best 6 dollars you'll put in yo mouth. 4. I personally loved the spinach. It might not be worth it to some, but it was cooked great with pine nuts, raisins and apple pieces all lightly sauteed. it was perfect. Things that weren't so great: 1. Mussels: I've had better mussels at other places. These mussels were small, and kind of sad. They all came out luke warm, too. Not that much broth in there either. My favorite mussels are from Cha Cha Cha's in San Francisco. These...just didn't keep up.2. Croquetas. bleh. I was expecting something else. some other girls in my table liked it but I wasn't impressed especially with the price.3. Worst was the tortilla. I really, REALLY wanted to like this. They gave you one small slice of an already made portion- I get that part. But I've had and had made spanish tortilla before and I get why it wasn't made to order.  The reason why I didn't say it was that good was because it was way too salty. Across the table, every single person in our party said it was salty...and it was. The texture, the flavor was all really, really nice... it was just the excess salt in the dish that made it not quite as tasty.Overall, a really nice experience. The paella was good and the portion for 2 people is enough for tapas for 4 or 5 or even more. For 4 girls, we got 2 tapas each and a paella to share and I think that's more than enough. We were stuffed beyond belief. (The waiter said 2-3 tapas per person..but i think you can get away with 1-2..and share a paella) The sparkling sangria and the red sangria were both excellent. I'd love to come here again..but I'm ballin' on a budget so if I go to another expensive restaurant it's gonna be at a new one so I can try 'em all.
3	Has 1 tv screen.  Full bar n trees with no leaves
5	Delicious restaurant, everything in Vegas is pricey, but I didn't think it was that bad here. The quality of both food and drinks were worth it. Loved their white sangria!
5	I am a huge tapas fan.  So of course, I had to take Mom here for her ongoing birthday weekend celebration.  Everything here was perfect -- the decor, the service, and of course, the food!First of all, the decor is very classy -- fancy yet inviting.  Secondly, the service was excellent.  Our waiter was very attentive and patient, answering all of my questions and letting us take our time ordering without rushing us at all.  And at the end he even surprised my mom with a birthday dessert!And finally, the food! Yes, the food... Every dish we ordered tasted so good. Every dish was so pretty, so delicate, and tasted so yummy.  Here's what we ordered:--Tuna-raspberry skewer: almost too pretty to eat!  But each bite is burst with flavor!--Stuffed dates: sooo good.  Just the right mix of sweetness and savoriness. And the cheese was blended perfectly with the dates along with the crispy texture of pancetta... Wow, one of the best I've had!--White ceviche: Wow, the ceviche comes with taro chips!  TARO chips! That was a every pleasant surprise! I love taros!  The fish was fresh and light with just the right amount of tartness..--Fried calamari: Very crispy but with the perfect amount of batter.  Tasted so light yet so flavorful.--Pan tomate: Simple dish yet nice blend of toasted bread with tomato sauce and garlic season.. yum!--Red sangria: One of the best I've had, although I am not much of a drinker :P--And the complementary birthday dessert! Santiago's Cake:  The subtle nutty flavor of the almond cake and turron ice cream -- OMG sooo good!  And we thought we had no room for dessert! It was too good not to finish... :)Like I said, it was a perfect meal! I would definitely come here again the next time I am in Vegas!
5	Had dinner here with the wife and it was amazing. We ordered the following:Black rice, tuna cones, brava potatoes, stuffed piquillo peppers, rabo de toro, molten chocolate cake and the churros. Everything we ordered was very good. Would definitely be back the next time we're in town
4	Pretty darn good. Nothing I didn't like and we had a bunch to eat.  Small but very tasty tapas.  Get a table in the back, the front area isn't that hip but the tables in back with super comfortable chairs were nice.
5	Easily the BEST tapas restaurant and bar i have ever been to!!When i found out there was an upscale Spanish Tapas spot in Vegas I was very excited!!It's located inside the amazing Aria Hotel and Casino.I am a huge fan of the food, concept and culture. Julian Serrano 110% exceeded my expectations.The atmosphere was very cool. Staff was very friendly, attentive and accommodating.I ordered the Piquillo Peppers stuffed with Goat Cheese and Mushroom, the Calamari with an incredible Aioli, the Salmon atop a Portabella Mushroom with a Truffle Bechamel, the Chicken Croquet's and the Red Sangria.I was thoroughly pleased with every dish. The flavors and taste were out of this world!!The esthetics of the restaurant were very modern. The music played in the background was a hip Spanish style.I will most definitely return to this restaurant to try the rest of the menu ASAP!!!
3	I think I would give this place a 2.5Went here on a weekend awhile ago and it was busy(as expected) and not to mention we had a party of 9 so we were bound to wait. Finally got seated and were given the menu. It was really fun looking at the menu because a lot of things actually sounded really good but I ordered the salmon and the seabass and had a sample of some other stuff like ceviche and mushroom risotto. I thought the mushroom risotto was pretty good but the ceviche was kinda bland. It was refreshing but it fell short. Out of the two fishes I got, I really like the seabass. The salmon wasn't bad but it wasn't anything special. Both the dishes looked really nice though but the seabass was cooked to perfection and it had a really nice crispy skin layer to it which made it mmmm. Get a fork and slice through the fish and get some skin = mmmm goodness. I think the things were a bit overprice for how much you're getting and the taste is only decent. I wouldn't really come back as I have had better tapas places. I understand you're suppose to get small quantity but it kinda fell short for me. Service was nice. Maybe its just my opinion of course so if you haven't tried it, you are welcome to. The food was pretty good, I just didn't think it's worth my $.
4	My husband and I had a late lunch here and it was easily one of the best meals we've had in Vegas.In total, we ordered the white ceviche, lobster saffron, cheese lollipop, albondigas, spanish iberico sliders, beef and cheese, and seared scallop. Everything was really good. I thought the white ceviche and albondigas were only okay, which surprised me since so many people go crazy over the ceviche in reviews. It actually tasted a little bland to me, but still was very good! Everything else was fantastic and presented beautifully. I was glad it was only me and my husband because we would have been fighting over those dishes if there were more people!The dishes came out really quickly, and our waiter was attentive. Oddly enough, he seemed very rushed when we came in and almost rude to us taking our initial food and drink order. As we continued to order more food and more drinks, he became quite a bit more friendly and attentive. LOL, funny how that works!My husband drank Riesling and I had a cherry sort of martini I can't remember the name of. It was really good, not too sweet and a little tart.Overall, I'd highly recommend this place! Come hungry!
3	I got upsold by the person who greeted us right after we sat at our table and ordered the paella for 2.  doh!  $45 for paella that had chicken and was not that great at all.  Mistake.Otherwise, the tapas were good, not great (except for the heirloom tomatoe tapas, that one was sooooo good).  Everything here was good, nothing too impressive and nothing a disapointment, except the paella.
5	Out of about 10 trips to Vegas, I think I've finally found my favorite LV restaurant in Julian Serrano. After coming here for my 30th birthday dinner (what a great choice upon coincidence) we decided to come back the next night before our red-eye. I'm obsessed with their cheese platter and have found a new favorite cheese with their new monte enebro .. AMAZE.Mozzarella ice cream? Whaaaaat. I thought my friend was brave to give this "Heirloom Tomato salad" a try, then was overly consumed with jealousy when I tasted it and wished I got one for myself (I got one the next night, don't you worry). This is a dish that proves to have a top-notch chef behind it. So creative, mind-blowing, and just absolutely delicious.Goat cheese (can you go wrong with anything involving goat cheese?) and tomato marmalade cake... just get it. Like the Mozzarella ice cream, this dish was created by a mastermind. Interesting blend of flavors and textures... you have to try it.The spanish pizza AKA Coca Vegetarian was alright, but did not compare to my other dishes. I usually avoid all fish in Vegas because it just never seems as fresh as the Boston-right-off-the-water seafood I'm used to. However, I did give the fried fish of the day a try, aka bunuelo, since it's fried I figured how can that go wrong...but as usual it just did not taste right. My boyfriend got a bunch of red meat-related dishes that he loved as well, and my friends all enjoyed the same dishes as I.Sangria was also unique with a hint of cinnamon. I wish I could make Julian Serrano a regular spot in my rotation, but it will just have to wait til my next trip to Vegas!
3	We got the beef w iberico pork and caramelized onion slider and it was excellent. I got the mushroom soup which was just OK and a friend got a seafood soup which she said was good. We also got the Mixed Paella which came with half a lobster. It was very good but I think next time I'll get the Paella Valenciana. A bit pricey but if you're staying at the Aria, what the hey.... I would go back for lunch.
4	i totally enjoyed the food here. They have delicious food and sangriaThis is what i ordered. Short ribsStuffed DatesPan Tomategrilled rib eye steaklobster saffronyellowtail tiradito
5	Cannot come to Las Vegas, and not come to my favorite restaurant of all time.The tapas here will leave you speechless.Las Vegas has become one of the new food meccas in the world.  This place makes that list.  The food, presentation and quality ingredients will want you coming back for more.They recommend usually 3-4 tapas per person, well sorry - I had 14 (not including dessert)  the must haves: the fish cevichethe pulpothe gambas al ajillothe beef tartare - was phenomenalthe manchego lollipopsthe meatballsthe dates with manchego and tomato marmalade (I would like them better without the marmalade) but that's a personal choice.The sangria (white, red, bubbly) was some of the best ever.For dessert - the churros! OMGyou may  have had tapas many times, but not like this... even the ones mentioned above have a special treat, presentation or spin.  you will love. I want more please.
4	Fantastic food-I found this place through Yelp and am so happy I tried it. The sparkling sangria was light and refreshing. Mixed green salad was pretty standard except for the trio of nuts which made it all the better. Brava potatoes were delish with just the right amount of spice. Ahi tuna cones were great but hard to figure out how to eat gracefully. My favorite part was the spicy lamb meatballs-they were out of this world!! The reason for a 4-star instead of a 5...terrible service. After taking our order we didn't see our server (Name on receipt said Richard L. was our cashier - not sure if that's the server too) again until bill time-others brought our dishes and no one stopped to ask how anything was. No offers to get us another drink, no water refills, nothing. Surprising that such poor service is tolerated in a nice place that is not inexpensive.
4	This restaurant has a great vibe and vibrant, bright decor that just gives our dining experience a fun feel.  We enjoyed our dinner and tapas, only complaint would be that the food came out way, way too fast.  We sat down at 7ish, ordered soon after (about 5 or 6 different tapas), and by 7:30 or so all of our food had been served.  We hadn't even finished our first glasses of wine yet.  Lesson learned: only order 2 at a time so you can spread out the meal.  We ended up ordering another dish just so we could sit and relax for awhile, and my husband was still hungry.The food itself was excellent, hence the 4 stars.  Highlights were the lobster gazpacho, Spanish tortilla, ahi tuna tempura, and Spanish iberico sliders. Avocado cannelloni was good but a little rich.  My husband also enjoyed the olives.  For dessert we had the bunuelos (Spanish donuts) with butterscotch and caramel; they were ok, would have been much better with just caramel or dulce de leche, no butterscotch.
2	Man this place seems to be all hype. The few things we ordered were extremely salty and pricy. The bite size is pretty small, I thought the whole idea behind empanadas were they were to be shared, but the portion size might not satisfy two. In fact we went here to have the paella, I have had paella in Spain and Miami and I really enjoyed it, but the one they serve here was not that great. We left very disappointed, maybe I just walked in on a bad day at the kitchen...
2	Excellent service, mixed paella totally uninteresting for 50 bucks and luke warm.  Ate here before, pretty much the same mediocre and overpriced food.Gotta love Vegas, they don't get better just pricier.
4	Best tapas place on the Strip...the bathroom intercom also speaks to you in Spanish :) sounds cheesy but it's certainly a quirky add on to this hip spot. Loved every single item we ordered, but the dates are a must-try!
1	My experience here marks the official end of on-strip dining for me. People who enjoy being ripped off and know nothing of food quality will be pleased with Julian Serrano, but the rest us, who have standards and work hard for our money, will be incredibly disappointed. It's hard not be attracted to this restaurant, with it's dazzling modern decor, and long line of people of waiting, you'd think it's a sure thing ... only it's not. My epic fail of a meal started with a $16 lamb chop tapa, which came with 1 lamb chop, ONE, which translates to about 3 bites of food. I get that tapas are small, but for $16, that's roughly $5 a bite! In Spain tapas are either free or extremely cheap, so this is just ridiculous. I also saw a stuffed pepper appetizer come across my table that featured 2 teeny tiny red peppers (about the size of half a crayon each). The tapas I sampled were good, but for those prices, they should have had gold nuggets or loose diamonds in them. Next up was paella, at $22 per person, this was literally the most offensively bland dish I have ever had in my life. EVER. And we waited 40 minutes for it! The Chef might as well have come out and openly laughed in my face at that point, because that's how I felt, like a damned fool. Rice-a-roni from a box is exponentially better that this crap. Now I know why Julian Serrano is the executive chef at Picasso because no professional chef be would be caught dead at this establishment.
3	With all the amazing places to eat in Vegas, Julian Serrano is not a shining star, but maybe a distant cousin you invite over once in a while.The food portions are tapas, so smaller but the price of a main entree. If you're awaiting a table else where or just want some snack before the club, this is the perfect spot. Recs:SangriaCeviche with taro chipsBacon wrapped dates.
4	Great happy hour.Get the croquetas!Get the foie gras! Kinda pricey but so, so yummy.Don't get the potato items! Unless you want filler food! They give so much! And they become filler food! Get the drinks during happy hour! They're regularly $14, but half off during happy hour!!!The dessert menu was seriously the best I've ever seen (according to things I like: flan, almond stuff, ice cream stuff). I wish I had more room in my stomach to eat those desserts. Instead, I will have to try it another time. But seriously, can someone please try the desserts so I can read the wonderful yelp review of them?
4	I greatly enjoyed this place with my girlfriend. Our idea for coming to Julian Serrano was to eat a lot for a good price, be full, but not too full before our showing of LOVE at the Mirage. We love variety, and Spanish Tapas definitely fell into this category of food exploration.The ambiance is very open and colorful matching Aria's theme. You aren't locked up in a restaurant, and you hear everything that is going on within Aria. While away from the casino floor itself, you feel like you are in a mild busy cityscape.We had a early dinner reservation at 4:15PM on a Saturday and the place was not packed at all. We sat down, and pretty much knew what we wanted to order and how we wanted to order it since we did our research on Yelp before coming, so here's the breakdown of how everything was. The order going down is how we ordered with the category that it is in. We went in 3's as the tapas come out very quickly!1. Tuna Raspberry Skewers - Unique twist on sushi. Square in shape, and eaten like a lollipop, I never thought tuna and raspberries would work, but they do! The tuna was soft, the raspberries sweet, but still tart. The crazy thing is that the raspberry is on the side, and they are filled with wasabi. So you eat the tuna skewer + the raspberry with wasibi, and wala ~ tasty tuna sushi. Rating: 4/52. Creamy Risotto - The risotto was cooked perfectly, and the wild mushrooms stood out. The manchego cheese was pungent, but tasty tasty because of it's different texture. Rating: 4/53. Stuffed Dates - So good! SOOOOO SOOOOO GOOD! This one stood out for us. The date covered in crispy pancetta with the tomato marmalade stuffed with goat cheese. Melt in your mouth FOODGASM. Rating: 5/54. White Ceviche - This was a really zesty and fresh ceviche. The white fish was soft, and the mixture of peppers, red onions, and cilantro gave a good bite. Served with crackers, I felt that there may have been too much lime juice. Rating: 3.5/55. Spanish Tortilla - This I felt was a take on breakfast & hashbrowns. While many will say it is nothing special, I am a hashbrown feen, so I found it delicious lol. Rating: 3.5/56. Octopus - I've NEVER -- EVER -- EVERRRRRRRRRRRRR had octopus this soft before. It was ridiculous how soft it was. I don't know how they got it like this, but some parts just tasted like bone marrow consistency. With potato & Spanish paprika, it was a simple delight. Rating: 4/57. Yellowtail with Yam - The crispy yam made this tapa stand out. For if there was none, it would of just been sashimi, and I wouldn't have paid for it. Fresh fish, crispy sweet yam. A sweet and savory combo that worked. Rating: 3.5/58. Lobster Saffron - Half lobster tail, saffron oil, iberian pork, creamy potatoes, asparagus. The lobster was wrapped with the iberian pork. The tail was juicy, the potatoes as well. This felt more like a little entree. While delicious, I'm not sure if it was worth getting. Rating: 3/59. Albondigas - Oh fluffy fluffy meatballs. So simple, yet so good. Great light sweet tomato sauce. Succulent juicy meatballs that just melt in your mouth. Potatoes in squares lightly crispy. Can I get a side order of rice to fill my Asian needs, and pasta to fill my love for Italian please? Rating: 4/5So that was the meal, and as you can see, we ordered a good amount for two people. It filled us, but it didn't overfill us, and that's what we enjoyed. There was nothing bad about the meal, and everything was prepared well. For the price, some may question it, but it's Vegas. I would complain if the food was horrible, but it simply wasn't. You can go ahead and spend $60-80 on a piece of steak medium rare, or come here and experience more for your money! Julian Serrano gets 4.5/5 from me! I may get adventurous next time around and eat things that Yelp has yet to see from here.
3	On a Thursday night at 7:15 pm, this restaurant was packed, but without a reservation, we were able to get seated immediately.  Julian Serrano's Picasso is one of our favorite Las Vegas dining treats, and we expected his signature tapas restaurant to live up to his reputation.  Unfortunately, we didn't have that same experience. First off, let me say that in a way comparing Julian Serrano to Picasso is like comparing apples and oranges . . . two totally different types of food, different dining styles, etc., but one would expect that the quality and service for each respective restaurant would be of the same caliber. This was certainly not the case.Fortunately, we had a lovely couple seated at the table next to us who were very familiar with the tapas style. The own a Mexican restaurant in Texas. They were almost finished with their meal when we were seated, so we were able to ask them about their choices. According to them, they ordered half the menu just to taste everything!  We started with the Yellowtail "Tiradito" (sliced yellowtail with sweet potato haystacks, horseradish cream and ponzu sauce. It was a hit . . . We followed that with the Black Pig Pintxo (Iberian pork shoulder meat with caramelized onion). It was divine! As our main course we ordered the Mixed Paella which serves at least two -- mistake!  Our waiter had emphasized to "order the paella with your appetizers because it takes 40 minutes to prepare".  Imagine our surprise wWhen he brought it to the table BEFORE our appetizers; his excuse was that they had a large party and had already prepared enough in advance. I asked them to take it back so that we could eat our food in the order in which it was intended. When the paella did arrive, it must have been the same one he brought out 30 minutes prior. The rice was dry, the lobster chewy, the mussels over cooked . . . the only tasty thing among the ingredients was the Spanish pork chorizo that brought a little flavor to the dish. Seriously a miss!Hubby ordered the pistachio dessert and said it was heavenly . . . so maybe consider coming her for dessert and coffee instead.  One five star element was the Drunken Cherry cocktail I ordered. It was one of the best cocktails I have ever had -- Effen Cherry vodka, acai, pomegranite and lime with a garnish of Spanish cherries soaked in brandy. Our waiter redeemed himself when he asked if he could bring me dessert, and I said, I'd love a few more of those cherries . . . and he brought a plateful! I wouldn't say we had a bad experience here, just not as good as we expected.  Funny how the last two restaurants I've reviewed are sister restaurants of two of our Bellagio faves, and the Bellagio outlets are far superior!
3	I tend to think when I go to high end Las Vegas restaurants, you know what you're getting yourself into. High price, low quantity.  I guess it's just not my scene.  There are exceptions where I think the food is worth it, but this one is not it.I came for lunch and that was that.  However, one thing I can say is service was very good.  Excellent wait staff and very friendly.
4	Had their prix fixe menu: stuffed peppers, pork chops, dessert. It was all very good and reasonably priced. Our server was very good and I liked the decor.
4	Having recently come back from Spain earlier this summer, I was anxious to try out Julian Serrano Tapas. I made reservations a day beforehand for an early dinner around 5pm since my group had to catch Mystere at T.I. for the 7pm showing. The reservation was not necessary. In general, whenever I walked by this restaurant throughout the day, it did not appear to be crowded, so I do not believe you really need a reservation. My group decided to order many items off of the Happy Hour menu. I believe Happy Hour goes from 4-5:30pm everyday. I ordered the sparkling sangria, which was very refreshing. Others in my group ordered the red wine and red sangria, and they seemed to enjoy it. For the food, we ordered the spanish tortilla (my favorite), brava potatoes, tuna-raspberry skewer, spanish iberico sliders, and bomba. I really liked the bravas and the spanish tortilla. Very reminiscent of the ones I had in Barcelona. The tuna-raspberry skewer was different. I didn't find it amazing, but it wasn't bad. The bomba was good. It's a fried meatball of veal & pork tenderloin. Very spicy indeed. I was not a fan of the spanish iberico sliders. It was tasty, but very very greasy and oily.Service was good. The waiter was very friendly and helpful. He was aware that we had to catch a show, so he came back frequently to ask us if we wanted him to put in another order. I would love to try the paella sometime here when I have time to dine without any constraints. (The menu says to give 40 minutes for the paella)
4	My family and I dined here for tapas. At first we were worried that the kids might not have anything to eat here. But everybody loved what they ordered. Price is reasonable. We would come here again next time we're in Vegas. If you have to order Paella, order it ahead of time while waiting for your table since it takes about 30 min to prepare. It will cut down on your waiting time.. Paella is good for 2 people if that's the only thing you're ordering but if you have tapas on the side, 3-4 people can actually share it.. Great service too.
4	Delicious tapas, but the paella needed some work.I came here last year with some girlfriends and we had a delicious dinner of a variety of tapas. Because of my past dining experience, I made another reservation for my birthday dinner this past weekend. As I remembered, the tapas were delicious. We had the albondigas, ahi tempura, and the yellowtail with jalapeno. All were super flavorful and tasty. We also ordered the seafood paella and added shrimp. For a $60 dish, I expect to be blown away. But, the paella was really al dente - almost crunchy. The seafood was good, but not great. About half the mussels didn't open up either, so I was sure to discard them. I would definitely go back again for tapas, but I'm steering clear of the paellas.
4	I really enjoyed my meal here!!  I'd say it's in my top 5 of Vegas restaurants. Stuffed Dates - 5/5 - must get these so delicious!!Short ribs 5/5 - tender and flavorful!White ceviche 4/5 - large pieces and is lightly seasoned wish it had more kickSeared scallops  5/5 - I love scallops!! Too bad they weren't a little bigger, but was cooked perfectly Beef and cheese 3/5 - did not like the texture of the meat and did not like the combo with the cheese and walnuts and honeyCreamy risotto 4/5 - wish the rice was just a tad softer and less salty as it was verry saltyChurro 3/5 - I think I was hoping it would taste like the Disneyland churros but it's just lightly sugared fried dough you dip in chocolate sauce, much more authentic I'm sureThe sliders looked good but I didn't get to try it. The sangria was good.Can't wait to go back!!
4	Swanky tapas, Vegas style!  Who doesn't like the sound of that?I certainly don't, so that's why I made a beeline to Julian Serrano for my first night's dinner on the Strip.First of all, Chef Julian Serrano's eponymous restaurant is absolutely beautiful.  It overflows with bold, colorful tile that's a feast for the eyes.  It's also *very* loud in there, since it's directly adjacent to the Aria resort lobby, a mere feet from hordes of tired hotel guests checking in and out.  And, no, there are no walls to keep out the hubbub.After taking a seat at the long, comfortably, and classy bar, I was quickly helped by one of the friendly and efficiently bartenders.  After ordering a glass of Sauvignon blanc to whet the palate, I browsed the mouthwatering -- and **long** -- menu of tapas options.  The menu is nicely organized into fish/ceviche, veggie, and meat/poultry tapas, making it easy to navigate.  There's also a catch-all "new style" tapas category, as well as paellas and "platos grandes" for those of you with larger appetites.Four items were just enough to fill the belly without making me uncomfortably full.  Here's the rundown of what I tried:1.  White ceviche.  Everyone knows I love a good ceviche, and this one was a knockout.  The white fish was tender and flaky, with just the right amount of heat and tang from the lime and cilantro.2.  Brava potatoes.  This dish was a little less exciting than I thought it would be -- it's essentially just fries with aioli.  That said, the flavors were excellent.  There's a *lot* of aioli provided, so I ended up taking the excess off to prevent the potatoes from getting soft.  I did enjoy eating the potatoes with the little skewers provided.3.  Tuna cones.  This dish was the weirdest and also my least favorite.  It consisted of 3 wantons (rolled into ice cream cones), which were filled with avocado, and then ahi tartare and aioli on top.  Again, my issue was the overabundance of aioli, which overwhelmed everything else.  I couldn't taste the tuna at all.4.  Santiago's cake.  This was an almond cake dusted with powdered sugar, with a side of almond ice cream.  Simple but very well done.  My only gripe was that the cake was a little dry, but this was remedied by letting the ice cream melt all over it.  All in all, Julian Serrano was a great dinner, although the little hiccups along the way make me hesitant about rushing back.  After all, you're paying Vegas Strip prices here (most tapas are in the $10-15 range, but some are more), so you tend to expect perfection for your buck.That said, with all the amazing options on Julian Serrano's menu, it'd be hard to resist the temptation to try them all.  =)
4	Awesome Tapas dinner last night!!  Here's the rundown of all the deliciousness my friend and I tried:Goat cheese tomato marmalade cake, beef & cheese, calamari a la Plancha, tuna cones, creamy mushroom risotto, stuffed piquillo peppers, pan tomate and the chicken croquetas!!  Order any and/or all of the above and you will be a happy camper!  There is nothing we were disappointed with nor would have ordered differently.  Our waiter was great too- we thank him very much for recommending the red sangria, however, the pitcher is huge and even though it is perhaps a Vegas "bargain" at $42, it is quite excessive for only two ladies.  Save it for a bigger group and order by the glass if there are less than 3 ppl, unless you are a lush.
4	Good food. Exceptional service!I miss foie gras. Therefore, you can imagine how thrilled I was when I perused the menu at Julian Serrano and found that it was offered as a tapas dish for $20!I received a generously thick slice, seared to perfection, and beautifully presented atop a toasted brioche. Delicious!I was so delighted that I returned the next day with 4 of my girls who were also excited about the foie gras. When we received our plates, everyone was happy...except me. Where everyone else had gotten a repeat of the lovely foie gras dish I had received the day prior, mine looked like a burnt, shriveled up piece of unrecognizable offal placed on a piece of bread. I hemmed and hawed about whether or not I should suck it up and eat the damn thing, or speak to management about the difference between my dish and everyone else's. In the end, I opted to speak up because I was paying the same amount as everyone else and felt I deserved the same quality.The staff was very sweet and the manager was quick to have my dish taken back and replaced with something that more closely resembled what I had in mind. I felt that they handled the situation very graciously and professionally which really enhanced our dining experience.The foie gras was obviously the star of the show, but we also enjoyed the oxtail, salmon with truffle, garlic chicken, ahi tuna tartar cones, and poached lobster...among the many dishes we ordered. There were too many things to try, the tapas menu was vast to the point of being overwhelming! They also carry a nice selection of cocktails and wines.
3	*** REVIEW IS FOR LV RESTAURANT WEEK 2013 ***I have been meaning to visit Julian Serrano for awhile. After all, for all food connoisseurs in Las Vegas, surely Julian Serrano must be somewhere on their list. Tucked away inside the alluring Aria by the front desk, yet ever so far away from parking garage is this spot of expensive tapas paradise. To be of note - it IS a tapas place, hence why I haven't been on pins and needles trying to come here. Always in the back of my mind was the voice saying, "So expensive for just tapas! Just go to Firefly instead!"Luckily LVRW2013 has rolled around and I enjoyed a meal here with friends on a Tuesday night at 6:30 PM. Before being seated my friend and I ordered cocktails at the bar (all $14). I tried a fruity type drink that provided a nice start to my meal. Not too sweet, not too alcoholy, but still pretty steep in price. After drinks we were seated in the dining area further back, which is nice since it is over carpet, which brings the sound of the clacking of feet down to a minimum and it also hides your table from the casino. Chairs are plush and comfortable, lighting is perfect, and the ambiance is classy. Service was excellent. Our server was prompt, kept our drinks filled, and in general was a very courteous gentleman. I ordered a chardonnay from the Bordeaux region of France ($16). A lovely wine indeed and of the two options (another which was from California) I am glad I splurged. Worth every drop.  On to the food...Chicken Croquetas - Simple yet tasty is the best way to describe these. The dish is not the most pleasant to look at, but the taste was deliciously fried on the outside and creamy on the inside.Salmon (with mashed potatoes and baby carrots) - The main dish is what let me down and which brought down my rating. The salmon was cooked well enough, but the portion size was disappointing. My friend got the chicken and after seeing her dish I was wishing for chicken. Also, the horseradish cream served on the side of the salmon just did not go well with the fish, to me personally. I am wishing now someone else in my party had wanted to do the paella, but in order to have that option you must have more than one person ordering the dish. *womp womp*Molten Chocolate Cake and Blood Orange Ice Cream - I do love blood orange ice cream and sorbet and this one was refreshing to have with the very decadent and very good chocolate cake. If anything, this may have been my favorite part of the dining experience, coming in second to the glass of chardonnay.Overall - I realize I am reviewing the LVRW2013 menu, but even so, this food reflects the establishment. I think the big thing was how flat the salmon fell for me. After all, it was my main dish. While the other items were good I believe they should have been better considering the establishment. Would I be back? I would try happy hour. I would even go back for a birthday party I was invited to here... or some other special event. BUT, I do not believe I would come back for a full-out full-priced meal.
5	Had dinner here a few nights ago. Everything was outstanding! The stuffed dates and iberico sliders were awesome. Also the sommelier was very helpful.
5	I'm coming off of a yelp hiatus to write this review! We went here last Friday for my friend's bachelorette dinner and it was absolutely amazing to say the least. Everything we had was amazing. We had the ceviche and it was hands down the best I've ever had. You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The service was exceptional as well, the manager even came by and gave our party some desserts. Loved the ambiance and everything about this place. Will definitely be back when in Vegas!
4	I am a big fan of Julian Serrano's food!  So many wonderfully authentic dishes, and several amazing options.My only qualm is that It is on the Strip and you are paying for that fact with your wallet whenever you come here...still if not for the Strip we would not have the vast culinary options that we do in Vegas, so I can't really hate on that.The ambiance is on par with other eateries in the Aria, and what you would expect from that type of property.As tapas go, It's hard to go wrong with the options here...lots of traditional selections as well as a great number of modern offerings.  Like many, I love sharing multiple items and tasting as many dishes as possible.  The seafood tapas have generally impressed me at JS.  One thing to keep in mind is that several options may throw the casual diner for a loop (ie chilled Lobster Gazpacho.)  Fortunately the staff doe a nice job with recommendations, but don't be that guy that that wants to impress people and order whatever they think looks good without actually knowing the words used in the menu...yes that actually happened once while I was here...and of course the tool tried to play it off like it wasn't his fault.I also love their selection of Sherry.  Not much more traditional to drink with Spanish food that a Spanish Sherry.  ...and so many options are affordable and are incredibly food friendly!  I'm not recommending that you experiment with Sherry as it's a bit of an acquired taste, but if you want a nice selection of Sherry, Julian's is your place.
4	Julian Serrano Tapas is conveniently located at Aria by The Crystals. It is a beautiful restaurant; my parents and I love the atmosphere and decor. The place is so huge that I don't think it is necessary to make a reservation but don't take my word for it. I like tapas because they are small and tasty. Tapas at JS were exactly that. They are fairly expensive though. So if you are really hungry I suggest you go somewhere else or be okay to spend a lot of money at this place. Desserts were amazing. Our waiter recommended 'Bunuelos'; 5 stars! We also treated ourselves to 'Santiago's cake'; divine! All in all great restaurant, great food, awesome service, yet think twice if you're on a budget.
4	I was in Las Vegas for work and looking for places to eat that were good but not too expensive and I came across Julian Serrano in the Aria Hotel.  I took a seat at the bar and had a wonderful meal.  I started off with a Spanish beer which they had to make sure they had and luckily they did as it was great.For my meal, I got the white ceviche which was so good and really had a kick.  So stay away if you're afraid of that but otherwise embrace it because it's amazing.  I also had the sliders.  It came with two of them and I wanted three because they were so good.Highly recommended spot in Vegas.
3	Good food - slightly excessive pricing, but it's what you'd expect for tapas on the strip.  I liked the Sangria and was impressed that they had a gluten free menu.  Tapas are, however, meant for sharing...so when you go with a group of 6, just know that you need to order 2 of each item, so each of you can try a bite.I'd go back if someone was buying me dinner or I could comp the meal.  Otherwise, I'd go to Firefly.
4	My friend and I shared potatoes bravas, chicken croquetas, and creamy risotto.  The food was  delicious, but on the expensive side for tapas.  I know it's Vegas and that's expected.  We also shared the red sangria pitcher which was pretty big for the value.  Would definitely come back.
5	This is a wonderful and a competent restaurant with great food and a very competent staff. The best part is that one does not get "sticker shock" when handed the bill. We had a wonderful meal at a very reasonable price.
5	Came here on a recommendation of a client of mine who tends to be fairly particular (in a good way) about what she likes. So I thought it has to at least be decent! Right? Well let me tell you I am Spanish... I have lived in San Diego California since I was 9 and have NEVER found a tapas restaurant I cared for. Eating the food at Julian Serrano took me back to my child hood. The food was authentic with a modern twist! So creative.. GREAT SERVICE!! Will make this place a must go to for every Vegas visit!! Would highly recommend trying a little bit of everything
3	I hate to be the kill joy of all those beautiful review writers but .. I am not a tourist. I live here. I go to those places several times in a year. What I noticed is that they all start beautifully and slowly go down to become a so-so or ok restaurant. I am so sick and tired of those wannabe so called "high class" restaurants with excellent food that whip you with high prices and have mediocre waiters. Went last night, had a bottle of champagne. Started well. Wine guy served it well... then came that girl... and as always, attitude. Called her attention once (thought she was free but, she was actually still in the process to pour water to a table nearby), "Miss please', and she gave me the "how do you dare call me why I am in the middle of something" look, showing the palm of her hand as a "wait" , "hitlerian" style.. how about "just a minute" with a smile and just her index up? Ordered Serrano ham, then came lobster saffron.. She didn't change plates. ate my lobster in my ham plate. I would expect a little more attention to details when paying 19 bucks for 3 slices of ham... now serving champagne wasn't an issue. I had to stop her once since we hadn't touched yet the previous pouring.. then had 2 more tapas.. plates was changed this time.. then she came and asked me if I wanted a "fresh" plate.. good... except that I had nothing else coming. Then came the bill, I paid, gave her an undeserved 20 bucks and we left. She was right there, passed by her, she looked up at me , not a smile or  "thank you for coming" or "have a good evening", you know, the kind of things humans say to customers... I made sure to let the hostess know since there were no "obvious" manager minding the business... result: NO MAS. AMERICAN FISH was my first choice... I should have stuck to it because their service or their food is way superior.... The End.
1	Question:  Is tapas Spanish for diarrhea?  Terrible experience.  Charged for bar nuts and seeded olives.  Awful servicer, recommended shittiest items (assuming) on the menu.  Chef ran out of all seasoning and herbs other than salt.  Charged for extra order of bone-in ceviche which was not requested.  Misery of experience long lasting.  Save yourself discomfort and dine at Sage, directly across the hall.
5	Ate here as a solo diner at the bar. Premo the bartender was phenomenal, although he made me a drink he assured me I'd "love" but I wasn't overly enamored with. The food came out freakishly fast. I guess that's good if you're not trying to make a night of it but I can see that being a little irritating if you are with friends. I ordered the lobster gazpacho. I love gazpacho and this is really one of the best I've had. The lobster really works and isn't overpowering. Next I had tuna rice and raspberry concoction. I was pretty skeptical that I'd enjoy this but I was just floored. Probably one of the most memorable things I've eaten in a long while, highly recommend this. The raspberry worked PERFECTLY with the tuna and rice, it was like they were always meant to be together. Next I had the white fish ceviche. I was really looking forward to this but I found it a little too salty.  Definitely edible, but not the best ceviche I've had. Next had the anchovy on some toasted bread. Very delish. Wolfed it down so fast I can't really remember the details!Also ordered some olives at this point which were ok if you are into that sort of thing. Nothing new here. Finally I had the oxtail and pork with mashed potatoes. Wow!!!  Talk about flavor.  This was just phenomenal in terms of texture and sheer deliciousness. Overall the food makes this an easy 5/5 experience. The price is a little higher than your typical tapas/small plate restaurant but I didn't think it was a ripoff by any means.
4	There isn't much to say for this, other than you will find all your typical tapas menu items and they're all really good.  It comes out quickly and it tastes good.  Two things I will point out though.One is that the chicken croquettes are excellent, and not at all what I was expecting.  It's crispy and firm, but when you bite into it's like you just had a spoonful of soup.  It's was surprising for the first bite, as it is creamy and does not have the solid consistency you expect when you bit into it, but once you accept the oddity of it, it's really good.  Two is that the sangria is really, really good.  Get the one with champagne in it.
5	Came here Saturday night for my sisters bachelorette party. The service was excellent, food was yummy and the whole experience was top notch. We sampled all sorts of yummy stuff - my favorite was the mixed seafood ceviche and the lamb special. The prices were not too outrageous considering the location and when a dish we ordered arrived super late after we had already finished eating the server graciously took it off our bill. I would highly recommend this place, you can't go wrong, it was delicious and super fun inside.
5	This place, with the food and service, deserves 5 stars!
5	Julian Serrano Tapas is an excellent restaurant inside Aria. The staff is extremely friendly and the food is delicious. The menu is filled with classic Spanish fare. Our party truly enjoyed the Valenciana tapas as well as the ahi tuna tempura.
5	Loved this place. Fun, inventive tapas, great drinks and our server, Chelsea was really helpful. A must if I go back to Vegas any time soon! We tried about 8 different tapas...way more than we should have, but they were so good we wanted them to just keep coming! The raspberry tuna one was amazing. Other standouts were the mixed seafood ceviche, black rice and stuffed piquillo peppers. I can't say enough good things!
3	This was my second tapas place to visit in Las Vegas. The food was ok, nothing really stood out other than the paella. It was a 40 minute wait, but worth it to try at least once!The service was top notch, from the moment you walk thru the entrance to the wait staff, manager, everyone made you feel welcome. The price, OH THE PRICE!   Only complaint I would say.  The entire menu is seriously over priced, even by Las Vegas Strip standards. It's the reason it will not be coming back. There are far better places to go for tapas on the Vegas strip for a better price & value. And important a better selection.The atmosphere is great!  Plenty of light, open, not stuff. It has a bar area as well. The noise level is on the average. And the place is clean, they did a pretty good job clearing the table as you was done.  All in all, I thought this place was OK at best.  But there are much much better places to visit.
4	Good sangria, great selection of tapas, fun ambiance & great service. Highlights: mixed cerviche, pata negra ham, heirloom tomato w/ mozz ice cream,  gambas (best i've had!) *allergen menu available  *open for lunch
3	Hmmm maybe coming back from Spain I have a higher bar for Spanish tapas, but to be honest I feel Alta in New York has better tapas than this place! With so many other choices for food in Vegas, I don't think I'll be coming back here any time soon. I have no complaints with the service which was impeccable! The moment you walk into the restaurant they make sure that your every need is attended to. My mom is allergic to eggs and I appreciated the fact that they made sure that none of the dishes we ordered had any egg in them. Service is 5 stars!Ambiance is also wonderful! It's cozy yet classy. Price on the other hand not so wonderful, beware it is super duper expensive! It is overpriced by Vegas or NYC standards so, if you're on a budget, this is not the place to be. Now on to the food....I found the food to be uninspiring. The brava potatoes which are hard to mess up....were bland and had way too much sauce on them...so disappointing. Stuffed piquillo peppers...full of oil! Arroz vegetariano....alright, but nothing special. The chicken sandwich.....again nothing to write home about. Overall the food was just eh...If in Vegas...skip this restaurant and save yourself some money and instead go down to the Wynn where the restaurants are much better!
4	On my recent trip to Vegas, I brought my husband to Julian Serrano for their happy hour. The happy hour runs Sunday - Thursday from 4-5:30 pm. Yes it's a bit early, but completely worth it. We went on Sunday and got there slightly after 4 pm. The restaurant was pretty empty, so it was no problem getting two seats at the bar.We enjoyed the white sangria for $4.50 per glass (red and sparkling sangria will run you $5) as well as a ton of food that cost between $3.50 - $7.00. We enjoyed the spanish tortilla, brava potatoes, pan tomate, fried calamari, and the stuffed dates from the happy hour menu. We also ordered the scallops from the regular menu. Just like my last visit to Julian Serrano, our scallops were cooked to absolute perfection and melted in my mouth. It was truly the highlight of our meal. Everything else was good, although none of it was better than what I have had at other tapas restaurants.If you don't want to blow your wallet on eating and drinking, I highly recommend checking out this happy hour!
4	I went here last weekend for my cousin's bachelorette dinner.  It's a tapas place situated within the Aria hotel.  The restaurant's interior design is modern and chic revolving the theme colors black and red.  Our servers were attentive and friendly.  As for their food, I thought it was amazing, but the portion (given that it's a tapas place) wasn't all the fulfilling to satisfy seven girls.  On the bright side, we got to try different dishes.  Among those dishes that we ordered, my favorite ones have to be the braised oxtails, mushroom risotto, and fries topped with a fried egg and sausages.  We also got a pitcher of sangria.  My cousin got buzzing a little from eating the pieces of fruits that were heavily saturated with alcohol.  Overall, it was a nice experience at this place but pricey considering the small portions they served.  Each dish is roughly $13-19 on average I think, but then again it's Vegas so I guess that is normal.  Would I come back here again? Hmm...Yes but only  if I win lots of $ at the craps table.
5	First time a tapas restaurant and loved it. The food came out at a steady pace never leaving the table empty. The combination of flavors were amazing and the portions were perfect for sharing with my husband. The only thing I could possibly complain about is the drink menu is not with the regular menu when you sit down. You have to wait for the server to bring it.
5	Extraordinarily good. Make no mistake. These are smaller tapas and pricey. But quality of ingredients is first rate. High end presentation and plating. Lively and hip atmosphere. Highlight were the avocado n salmon n seaweed canneloni, the filet on crostini with walnuts, honey n goat cheese, the kale n mixed green salads and the arroz con leche. Friendly and warm service at the bar by David. Return Ratio= 100pct
5	Everything we had was incredible; very conveniently located in the entrance of Aria
4	Recently patronized this establishment. Was. Nice place, the sangria was good as was the stuffed dates. Actually the stuffed dates were so amazing we had to do 2 orders. That's really about the only 2 things that really stood out, the portions were very small an while the Waite staff was good they took a half full glass of sangria from me. That is nearly an unforgivable sin. All in all still worth going and would recommend but probably won't go back even for the dates or sangria.
5	I joined Yelp specifically to review this place. Yelpers have helped me out quite a few times, so I found it necessary to write this review because I chose to go there specifically on the recommendation of the yelpers. I was there last Saturday for dinner with my Gma. We only did small plates, having six different selections.5 star food-Mushroom risotto- I could've eaten a giant bowl of this. Absolutely PHENOMENAL!-Garlic chicken thighs-crispy skin on the outside, nice and moist chicken on the inside.4.5 star food-Stuffed dates- great play on sweet and salty, just wished there were more than. 3 on the plate. I get the small plates concept, but compared to the huevos, three small dates seems skimpy.4 star food-Huevos estrellados- really great flavor, just a little too greasy.-Iberico sliders- nice sliders, but for the best ham and beef on the market, I wasn't blown away.3.5 star food-Lobster salad- GORGEOUS presentation, nice vinaigrette, lobster was slightly overcooked. Honestly, I'd give it a 4.5 overall but since half stars aren't possible, I'm rounding up :) Definitely will head back here next time I'm in Vegas!
3	Delicious flavors but these tapas can definitely add up so choose items that will fill you up! Definitely a tapas place, not really made to eat for a full lunch. Octopus: worth a try if you are looking to try something different, great texture and mix of spices to go withAhi Tuna Tempura: just OK, ahi tuna is a staple at other fancy restaurants and this just wasn't as good, probably a pass if you go hereGrilled Lamb Chop: so delicious you will be licking the bone for sure! be aware that yes, it is only one chop :(Creamy Risotto: definitely filling and delicious, for the cheese lover in you :) Our service could have been a little better, however we did meet a friendly bartender that changed our minds a bit. It has a really ideal location as you are entering ARIA, I'd recommend this place as a fancy snack if you are looking to spend some of your extra winnings from the slots :)
4	I highly recommend this to place to other tapas lovers. We had a 50 dollar dinning credit for Aria and picked the best reviewed restaurant here. We spent well over that and it was worth it! We began our meal with a their version of sangria made with Spumante, (usually red or white wine is used) but it I was excited as it had my favorite kind of champagne. Sweet, fruity and not overly dry. It was light and refreshing but contained very little fruit perhaps due to being served in a small champagne flutes. The tuna tar tare cones were amazing! The light and airy crunchy cones they came in provided for a wonder contrast with the tuna which melted in our mouths. The dates wrapped in bacon and stuffed with goat cheese, were phenomenal as were and the breaded manchego cheese pops. Whitefish ceviche was yum but we wished there were more taro chips to go with it. Yellowtail was just eh. We finished up the meal with simple but delicious donut holes with butterscotch sauce and a very nice port wine. It was a perfect combination and end to a superb meal. Our server Donovan provided excellent service and was very attentive yet unobtrusive. He provided wonderful descriptions of items offered and he was very helpful with recommendations when we had questions on what was best to order.
4	I don't know about everyone else, but I don't tend to lean towards latin flavors when I come to Vegas. Straying away from burgers and buffets, I decided to try out Julian Serrano and if you're looking for some latin spice, this is definitely a place to check out.The Place -Julian Serrano is located inside the Aria and very easy to find. Located on the first floor next to the check-in area of the Aria, Julian Serrano is known for it's latin inspired menu with an upscale twist. The place itself is very open and by, no means, in a separate building or room. The restaurant blends very seamlessly with the main lobby of the hotel and can attract many guests as this is something they see first upon entering the Aria. The place is bright and, obviously, has a lot of latin-inspired decor. The bar is a VERY good size as it seems to wrap around the entire entry way. In addition to that, the restaurant itself has a very decent sized real estate being able to accommodate parties of any sizes. As with a lot of restaurants in Vegas, depending on where you are seated, people have a good few of the back of the house as well, which is always comforting knowing you can see the people handling and cooking the food. Not to mention, it's just always bad a$$ to see the chefs conjuring up everyone's dishes. Very nice place to come and relax for a few drinks or casually dine before hitting up all the various night clubs Vegas has to offer.**** 4/5 Stars ****The Service -It was a Friday night and I was struggling to find a place to go eat at. I was in town for a conference and it was the night before I was scheduled to fly back so I knew I didn't wanna stay out late or walk any place farther than I needed to. After perusing through the many options on Yelp and the dining guide, I settled on Julian Serrano. It was fairly early in the evening, around 5:30pm-6:00pm, so I managed to beat the dinner crowd. They had also just opened for dinner service so I lucked out and was able to walk right on in and pick my place at the bar. I was greeted by multiple friendly faces at the hostess stand one of which was the hostess herself as well as, what seemed to be, upper management preparing for the evening. The hostess smiled and politely let me know that the bar was available for open seating. I gladly obliged, took my seat, and was promptly greeted by the bartenders tending bar that evening. They took my drink order, handed me a menu, and gave me a few minutes to browse. The bartenders were very friendly and made themselves available to answer any and all questions I may have had about the place and/or the menu. The great service continued throughout the evening making sure that I was well taken care of and I always had a full glass in front of me. Great job, guys and thanks!***** 5/5 Stars *****The Food -Prior to arriving at Julian Serrano, I glanced at the menu, as I always do, trying to figure out what would be appetizing for me to order. I decided on the short ribs dish; however, when I got there and looked at the menu more, I switched my choice and, instead, got the Crispy Baked Chicken (See Picture) and I'm glad I did. First, the accoutrements...the chicken was served with sauteed potatoes, Spanish pork chorizo, red bell peppers, and onions. The chorizo gave an excellent salty contrast to the chicken and I couldn't get enough of it. I wish they would've put more of it on there cause it was just that good. The bell peppers and onions were cooked throughout and gave the dish the bitterness and spice that it needed to balance everything out. The potatoes, unfortunately, left something to be desired. I'm not sure if it just happened to be the potatoes I was served, but they tasted really bland and stale to me and got to the point where I just ended up pushing a majority of them to the side. If it weren't for the deliciousness of everything else and combining the flavors, more of those potatoes would not have been eaten. Now, on to the main star of the dish...the crispy baked chicken. This has got to be, by far, one of the best baked chicken dishes I've had ever! The chicken, which are two boneless breasts, was cooked perfectly and very moist. The crispy breading that they coat it in, didn't just have a crunch to it, but also had a caramelized effect to it, which made it REALLY good. I'm glad I switched my choice from the short ribs to the chicken and I only want to come back for more and to try out the other dishes that Julian Serrano has to offer. Delicious!**** 4/5 Stars ****Overall -If you're looking for a change of pace and need some latin flavors while you're in Vegas, I recommend giving Julian Serrano a shot. A nice, relaxing place with great service, great food, and a great atmosphere...you can't really ask for more. Thanks, guys!
2	Great tapas!!! A 5 on tapas.  Paella a 1. The rice was undercooked or something.  Been. Struggling for 24 hours since I ate the paella.  Service was a 5
1	To say our experience and the related food here was sub par would be a vast understatement. The great reviews on Yelp along with recommendations from friends made us very excited to come here and boy were we shocked. Every item we ordered off the menu was poorly executed (read over/undercooked and a total lack of seasoning). This was only further exacerbated when I asked our server how an item on the menu was prepared to which he stated he wasn't sure but he would go ask the chef. We didn't hear anything from him for about 15 minutes so I finally flagged him down to follow up, only to have him state with a dumbfounded look that he did not have an answer because he "could not find the chef." We ordered two more entrees after this, 1 fish (the one which I had the unanswered question about) and 1 chicken. Suffice it to say, the fish came out horribly overlooked and chicken undercooked (YIKES I KNOW), and again both were completely under seasoned.  To top it all off, for a $300 meal the service was completely piss poor, the waiter never came by to ask how things were nor did anyone ever follow up.So in summary, considering the server could not find a chef in the entire restaurant, our experience is far from surprising albeit inexcusable. That being said I can't help but feel robbed in 2 ways, one of the over $300 we spent on this terrible meal, and two of the amazing culinary experience we were promised and went to enjoy on a very special occasion.
4	This place got me to eat meat  (first time in 20 years) and then ask for seconds!! Don't worry, I'm still a pescatarian but damn that oxtail dish was good! I also usually don't eat tomatoes but the tomatoes were so flavorful topped with mozzarella and balsamic that I ate them up.  The other 7 or so dishes were great too. Big shrimp, octopus  .. Yum!
5	We sat at the bar and really enjoyed watching the food preparation and the banter with the bar tender.All of the food was impeccably executed and delicious.  We had been at Jaleo two nights before and while Jaleo is in a flashier / club-goers setting, Julian Serrano beat the pants off Jaleo where food was concerned!
4	I made reservations here on Thursday 7pm but decided to cancel for the happy hour instead from 4-5:30. I'm so glad we did because many of the dishes I wanted to try were half price.Ranked most favorite to least:1. Iberico Sliders- one of the best sliders I've ever had. Caramelized onions were a nice addition.2. Seared scallop- perfectly seared, but you only get 1.5 scallop for the price and it's not on the happy hour menu.3. Black rice-Very rich squid ink garlicky flavor. This is a good small option if you don't want to order the paella.4. Albondigas- really nice flavors. One if my favorites.5. Mixed Ceviche- this was good, but nothing special. It is a great balance for the richer plates.6. Tuna-rasberry Skewer- nice presentation, but the tuna lacked flavor. They also hide wasabi inside the raspberry which gave an unexpected kick. Sorry to ruin the surprise, but my boyfriend choked on it. I'm glad I paid the happy hour price on this one..Overall, they had great flavors. I prefer this over buffets and fried food. I was still stuffed after the experience. Service was impeccable. There are so many options at Aria as well as other hotels, but I would eat here again when I'm in the area.
1	Ugh this place is so overrated. It was crowded when we went and very loud as well with drunk people. The person behind me kept bumping into me, since the tables are pretty close together, and at one point dropped his glass which shattered next to my leg. Yay. The restaurant isn't even enclosed within walls, which made it seem less like a high end restaurant. Our waiter was extremely rude to us as well, and stood on the far end of our long table (we had a big party) to take our orders. When he couldn't hear what we said, instead of coming closer, he made us shout across the table as he impatiently made us repeat ourselves. He had this look on his face that screamed "I hate my job".We ordered something that was supposed to be like fancy fried rice, but I've had better fried rice at a takeout place. The tapas are nearly impossible to share with a big party, unless you plan on splitting that asparagus into 6 pieces, forget it. Food was definitely not what I expected from a high end Vegas casino restaurant. I left still hungry, and wanted to go get some In-n-out afterwards.
4	Rolled up to Julian Serrano for a bachelorette party here with 13 other girls and it was the CRAZIEST dining experience I have ever participated in!The reviews on Yelp raved about the paella, but we were short on time and couldn't afford the extra 30 minutes...so we were trying to figure out the best selections for a group our size especially given our time crunch.We finally decided on the pre-fixe menu and the GM came over with his own recommendation. He said he'd do something special for us similar to the pre-fixe menu...he just said "Trust me".Holy eff.We gave the go ahead and it wasn't long before our heads were whirling with a flurry of arms and dishes swarming around the table. He literally had us try everything on the menu and plates and plates were whizzing by. I looked around the table and all the girls were eyes-forward, head-down just eating as quickly as humanly possible. We had sliders, kabobs, skewers, ahi, meatballs, etc etc and it was incredible.The entire waitstaff was incredibly nice (most were incredibly good looking too), and the food kept coming at a comfortable level, where it was fast, efficient.. but not stressful! lol..They also hooked it up with a sampling of all their desserts...and oh snaps, we were so SOO happy with the line-up. mmMmMmmm..everything together cost a bit more than the pre-fixe especially cuz we had drinks (Sangria!!) and cocktails...totally about $80-85 per person. SO. Worth. it!
5	Great flavor. Nice decor, good variety of cuisine. Expectational gourmet selection.  Very good service, great spot in the hotel.  I would recommend this place on a Friday night before a show or before hitting one of the clubs.  Come see the manager johnny V.  Hospitality pro.
4	Very good food! Service was awesome. It is a bit loud though since you're right by the lobby.
1	I really wish I could give this place a few more stars considering how much money we spent there.  We came here for the foie gras but were told that it's no longer on the menu.  Given that we were all starving we decided to start with a bunch of appetizers.   Besides the stuffed dates, the appetizers warn't very good.  We kept ordering more and more tapas hoping to get wowed, but everything  that came out was mediocre.  Our final dish was the paella, and we hardly touched it, it was more like a jambalaya than anything else.  Finally it came time for dessert and we ordered the chocolate lava cake and the fruits.  The chocolate lava cake was amazing but the fruits made us all giggle.  It was a bowl of pretty much all apples with some whip cream on top.  I don't know, I guess we all expected a little bit more considering it was in Aria and it was highly rated on Yelp
2	The worst paella I ever had in my life. If you're looking for real or at least good paella this is not the place. Very good sangria.
3	I had the stuffed dates, they are chewy.  Firefly has better tasting stuffed dates, they are crisp and have a nice sauce with it in a pan you can keep dipping in.  Plus the portions here are smaller.  The Sparkling Sangra is one of the best out of the 3 for me.  The red feels like I might get an instant headache it I finish it, The white is a little better but doesn't measure up.
5	Whimsical, beautiful plating. Interesting flavor combinations. STRONG sangria. I loved Julian Serrano at Aria, and I would absolutely come back.
5	We chose this place as I couldn't go to Picasso during this Vegas trip due to my thin wallet :((don't ask me what happened at Casino lol)Yeah, Julian Serrano, I Luv ya for having this wonderful tapas place for budget food hopper like meWell... this hidden gem turns out to be GOOD choice, especially for its $19 lunch (even though this special menu only came after I asked)I will visit here for its weekday magic hour selections(hopefully soon!)
4	My husband and I were celebrating our 25th anniversary in Las Vegas and wanted to take our friends out for a special dinner (we love tapas!), and we were not disappointed with the tapas or the restaurant. When making reservations, I requested a table away from the entrance (it opens up to the hotel floor, and I wanted to have a little more privacy and intimacy). We were seated at the very back of the restaurant, and our waiter was very good. As soon as we were seated, I ordered two paella dishes (Mixed and Valenciana)--I am allergic to shrimp so we opted out of the Marinera), since they take 45 minutes or so from the time you place the order. I asked that as we ordered the tapas, they come out slowly. I did not want to feel rushed. There were nine of us, and I also asked that as we order dishes, they are set up so that enough of us could sample each dish (meaning that if I order sliders, perhaps bring out two or three of the dishes--not just one dish with two sliders). Looking back, I realize this wasn't communicated very well. We ordered twelve tapas (vegetarian, meats, seafood, new style), and everyone was pleased with all of them. My only wish was that they weren't coming out so fast and that there were more on the plate to try, but the red sangria was fabulous and that kept coming! The paella was served tableside to us since the dishes were so large for the table. The lobster and mussels were excellent, but again, not enough to go around or it was that half the table was served the lobster, and the other half had none. We ended up cutting things up and redistributing plates so all could try things, but again, I wish there had been more seafood in the dish. Also, the paella seemed very wet to me. It wasn't one of my favorite paellas that I have tried (others at the table raved about it though).The cost of the tapas and paella along with the rush of serving them is what gives this restaurant a "very good" rating. It is expensive, but so is all of Las Vegas! I wouldn't not go to Julian Serrano for tapas but since I have already been, I will just try another tapas restaurant when visiting Las Vegas.
2	SMH... Service was OK, atmosphere was LOUD and Tapas were mediocre at best. I would pass on this if you are looking for a quality Tapas. I may be spoiled coming from LA but I wouldn't go back!
4	My boyfriend and I had the lobster saffron and the stuffed dates. OMG they were so delicious! And they deliver the food quick! I personally loved this place. The reason I gave it a 4 star is because the portion was sooooo tiny and expensive. I left hungry. I know tapas isn't suppose to be a large portion, but it was like super tiny. I think next time I go to Vegas, I will go there if i win some spending money at the casino.
3	Wild mushroom soup is way too salty! Seared scallop is very fresh and nicely done, on the greasy side. I expected more... it's ordinary. Raspberry tuna skewer is only for fancy presentation but taste is lack of character especially it doesn't match with the red square jelly kind of thing on top and there is wasabi inside a raspberry! Strange combination.  Service is very good though.  I was sitting by the bar.  I did enjoy dining here although the food is not as impressive as what I expected.
5	I. Love. This. Restaurant.I'm in Vegas, tons of great places to eat. And I eat here twice. In the hotel. Lame, I know, but I really enjoyed it.I like that there are good places to eat as a single in Vegas. I sat at the long bar, lots of other singles hanging out for dinner with me.Bartender Premo (pronounced Primo) was fantastic. Knew the food, made great drinks. I ask him how many tapas most people order, he says 2-3 per person. I order 6 plus drinks and dessert. He doesn't flinch.Night one:Manhattans with Templeton Rye. Many.Goat saladBeef tartarShort ribsOx tailBeef and cheeseLambCreme brulee and espressoThe tapas were fantastic except the Beef and Cheese, that was just okay. Night two:Old fashions with RI1. A few.Romaine saladYellow tailScallopsTuna cones[Premo can't stand my drink routine so he tries to throw me off. Suffering bastard and then a Whiskey smash. Oi.]Creme brulee and espressoTapas are large. I was completely packed. Highly recommended.
3	I mostly liked but didn't totally love this restaurant. My group had been staying in the Vdara and had a gift card to use at Serrano, so we ventured over and ordered a good amount of the lunch menu. As with many tapas places, some of the items were stellar, and some fell flat.Patatas bravas, a standby at most tapas places, just fell a bit short for me. The aioli was overly garlicky (even for an aioli), and the tomato portion of it fell flat.The pan tomate fared better, but the bread didn't have quite enough bounce to it. Padron peppers are hard to mess up, and those came out nicely here. The garlic chicken felt a bit limp and underseasoned, but my garlic taste buds may have just been blown out from the aioli that came with the bravas.I love ordering gambas at tapas places, and this one was nice, especially with the chile de arbol touch. The albondigas were tasty, as well, but the bombas didn't fare as well - it was a bit mushy.The valenciana paella had some great moments in it, but the chicken was dry. The pork should in it was lovely, though.Service was brusque and mostly absent. Drinks were good, if a bit Vegas-y in their pricing.
4	We choose this restaurant for its selection of Tapas and small plates. Located in the Aria hotel which in itself is a very beautiful property the restaurant has a upscale appearance and lively vibe to it. Service was good but not great as we had to coax the waiter to explain each course. Reservations are a must and we where seated on time. Great place to dine and grab a light bite after catching a show which is what we did. I would return and recommend
3	I would give Julian Serrano 3.5 stars if I could. I love small plates...totally my thing. The food overall was enjoyable. Nothing was out of this world, but everything was good. Among other things, we had the white ceviche (white fish, red onion, rocoto pepper, cilantro, lime juice), which was bright and clean and delicious, the huevos estrellados (fried potatoes, over-easy egg, chorizo), which was rich and flavorful, the yellowtail tiradito (sweet potato haystacks, horseradish cream, ponzu sauce), which I expected to like more than I did, creamy risotto (mushrooms, Manchego), which was a great texture but I wanted to be mushroomy-ier, and the stuffed dates (goat cheese, crispy pancetta, tomato marmalade).The service was less good. The waiter was keen on the upsell...must have tried to get the couple seated next to us to order another round of cocktails at least half a dozen times. The food also came out way too fast. Our table was tiny, and they kept bringing dishes that wouldn't fit, so we had to rush to finish the thing we were currently eating. We were out of there in something like 30 minutes because they brought everything so quickly. If I'm going to pay that much for a meal, I'd like it to last a bit longer than that.
5	Delicious. Definitely a solid 4.5 stars, but worth rounding up for! TBT, I came here for lunch feeling a little rough due to a margarita fueled evening the night before. But the food was absolutely delicious and had my stomach forgiving me for the previous nights abuse.  The concept is simple: tapas/small plates. They recommend 3-4 per person, but I made due with two. I kicked it off with the albondigas (beef & pork meatballs in a (slightly spicy) tomato, sherry sauce, which were delicious. Then I had the braised short ribs (one of my all time fav foods to begin with) over a creamy risotto --OH.MY.GOD.  I wish I had time for dessert but I was rushing out to catch my flight home. Will definitely be back for a reunion with the short ribs and to try some new delicacies as well.
5	I ordered four tapas & seafood paella. Other two friends and I shared all of them. The tapas were all fabulous, especially black rice which is with squid ink. The other three are salmon & truffle, octopus, and lobster & saffron. But seafood paella did not reach my expectation, cuz I did like the rice inside, however the prawn really nice!
5	If you sat at the bar, ask for Primo! I asked Primo to recommend me a drink with rum since other hard alcohol doesn't go well with my body. He brought out the drink and it was delicious! And strong! And I still have no idea what it was! We ordered the oxtail with mash potatoes, and white sardines over red bell pepper and toasted bread. I would have never ordered sardines at any restaurant but since Primo recommended and my husband insisted that I would like it... I was reluctant to take the first bite but then I immediately fell in love with it! Thank god my husband doesn't like sardines so I had the whole plate to myself! Oh and the oxtail was fantastic too! We always have a great time and awesome food here. Thank you Primo!
5	one of my favorite restaurant of Las Vegas. from contemporary ambiance to colorful plates. Spanish charcuterie platter is delicious. Paella Serrano was perfect, simply delicious. Bravo Don Serrano!!!!
4	We stopped by for an appetizer and wine and love the place. The bright colors and design elements are reminiscent of Spain. The Chiliwich placemats are a nice touch. We had the tuna cones and each bite was delicious. The avo-cilantro on the bottom of the cone was a fun surprise. Our bartender was amiable and  solicitous. We will certainly return to explore the mulitple offerings on the menu. This is how tapas should be, little plates of adventure.
4	So delicious. I would give a 4.5 if I could.Came here for a bachelorette dinner and shared about 8 tapas dishes and 2 desserts between the 5 of us. The ceviche was probably my favorite dish. Everything tasted so fresh and the lime wasn't overpowering.  I really enjoyed the brava potatoes and the steamed mussels too. I'd pass on the croquettes next time. The tapas menu is very extensive and there are tons of dishes I'd love to try. The service was efficient and never intrusive. I'd definitely stop by again if I ever stay at the Aria!
4	We had a wonderful experience here.  The service is top notch, and the wine selection is outstanding.  We ordered the yellowfin tuna appetizer - nice blend of flavors and textures (ponzu contrasts with crunchy fried veggies); ceviche that had generous portions of shrimps and scallops, and some oxtail (not at all greasy or fatty!).  Finally, the paella!  Took 40 minutes to cook, but well worth the wait.  We ordered the black blood sausage version.  Generous with the saffron, and the texture was perfect.  Only criticism was that the meat was a bit on the scimpy side.  While somewhat pricy, well worth the price...especially after making a minor killing on the the $1 slot machines right before (love those double diamonds!)
5	Wonderful dinner, beautiful restaurant, great service!!!  Perfect for a family snck/light dinner before a show!
2	Completely disappointed!  I went this past Sunday night with a party of 3.  We ordered about 7 or 8 dishes and not one was outstanding.  They were just ok, with the standout being the bacon-wrapped dates which were just awful.  We ordered wines by the glass, and they were small amounts of wine.  I'm not talking about just because it's in large glasses.  The wine pours were small.  Overall I just felt frustrated that I'd spent $300 in this place and felt like going to McDonald's afterward (which I didn't).  I see zero reason to ever go back here.  The positives are a nice atmosphere and cool furniture.  The food is just bad to mediocre - there's so many better restaurants in Vegas!
3	I thought the ambience was great, music was good. The hostesses were a bit rude, but our server, Richard was great! We tried about 9 different menu items, only about three were impressive: oxtail, the mixed ceviche, and fried calamari. We tried the cheeses, the meats and they just seemed bland. The white ceviche was my least favorite, also bland.  I would recommend making reservations if you would like to try it out.  Overall would be a great place for drinks with friends.
3	I would give 4-stars if judged on the food alone, but unfortunately this review must end on a sour note. I usually do not give many negative reviews and I've come to expect great things from most Las Vegas restaurant experiences. Our experience at Julian Serrano fell a bit short.When we arrived for a Saturday night for an 8 pm reservation for 2, we were promptly seated in the back among other 2-person tables. The restaurant was energized, and full of big groups, which made it pretty loud inside. I was seated across from my husband and we had to shout a lot to hear each other...not a big deal, but a little awkward. We didn't receive our drink menus right away, which made it difficult when we were asked by one of the waiters what we would like to drink. I asked for the drink menu and was told it was coming (in a slightly rude manner). Luckily, we were able to order some delicious cocktails and they came quickly. Our waiter made an appearance and right away I was not impressed with the service...he barely even made it known that he was our server for the night and was bent down near my husband's ear trying to pick out some things that we should try on the menu. I felt an odd disconnect... My husband asked how ordering usually works (since it's a tapas place), and the waiter said that we could order everything at once, and he "would take care of it." We ordered a few fish items, a cheese plate, the Spanish tortilla, chicken croquettes, the beef short rib plate, and a few veggies. Here's where things got annoying. The Spanish tortilla was brought out first. It was tasty but slightly cold (not sure if that's traditionally how it's served?). Before we could even dig into the tortilla dish the waiters brought out the beef short rib. That was a WTF moment to me. Within minutes of receiving the beef dish they brought us the warm monkfish dish and the cheese plate. Our tiny table was filled with foods all getting cold because we hadn't even made a dent in the tortilla. We weren't even half way through our cocktails and half of our meal was in front of us. We had to tell them to slow down (luckily they did). I felt like I was at an Applebees.  If I were in a hurry, this would be good. But at 8 pm on a Saturday night in Vegas, we were not in a hurry. We like to slow down and enjoy our meal. I was irritated by the order of the dishes that were brought out as well as with the pace. Who wants beef short ribs as the second dish?? Typically you would want salads, fish, vegetable dishes brought first. They didn't even see if we wanted a bottle of wine to pair with the bigger meat dishes. I found the order of everything all very strange and felt rushed. On the plus side, the food was all very good. Everything was beautifully presented and cooked well. We LOVED the cheese plate. It ended up being glorious to eat cheeses between small plates (while our beef and fish dishes got cold, haha). I would go there again for the cheese alone! So maybe it was just a bad night...I never thought I would complain about too fast of service, but I am. There are times where it's appropriate to rush through dinner (like before a show, etc), but there are other times where you want to relax and enjoy good food and conversation. Unfortunately, this was not the place for that experience. I guess I just expected more for the price. We got an Applebees experience for great food worthy of better service.
4	Very good food, nice service. Ambience a bit lacking.The portions are on the small side, but presentations are nice, and not too expensive.The oxtail and the black pork ribs are awesome, the tomato cheese plate was awesome.  The mediterranean bass and lobster was more average.
5	Great food, great service - need I say more? :-) The lobster gazpacho had a very well rounded taste. The heirloom tomatoes salad was delicious, even though it is not really a tomato season (Christmas :)
3	More like 3.75 stars really, but I'm rounding down cause of the prices. But I guess it is Vegas. I mean the food was delicious, but the prices were steep. I love tapas and Spanish food. But $45 for their seafood marinara... Steep!! It was yummy and there was a lot of seafood in it, but still. Most tapas dishes ranged in the prices between $10-18. And the dishes were pretty small too. The goat cheese stuffed dates, really yummy but $12.50 for three pieces. The braised short rib, one rib for $16. And the desserts were alright. At $8 a dish I was expecting heaven in mouth. The desserts were definitely unique - pistachio tart, almond cake with almond ice cream. But it didn't have that "you're totally worth paying for" quality. If I were to write a review based on the deliciousness of the food, Julian Serrano would get 4 stars. However, my review is based on the overall dining experience.
3	Fun atmosphere, tasty plates and great people watching within the confines of the Aria complex. Food? Wow - competition is steep here in Vegas, places must constantly revamp and recreate to stay on top, in my humble opinion. I liked their fusion concept it was good and it worked with most dishes. We went for lunch, and shared several plates among the three of us. I felt that it was rather difficult sharing with three and yet if we ordered 2 of each plate it would have been too much and we would not have had the chance to try so many things. I wasn't overly excited enough to want to go back here, I would most likely want to try another place rather than return.   In most restaurants, I know right away if I want to come back or not. No single dish stands out to me as being so delicious and tasty that I want to come back or even try to recreate it at home. (I love to cook too!) Plus, being located in the mall isn't the most interesting place to dine in Vegas. Quick bite for lunch...great option, like most places in Vegas at this level. Presentation of food went well beyond the taste, and so for this place artistry ruled the afternoon. Three stars is all I can do...taste needs to be at the same level as presentation.
2	I was looking forward to eating at Julian Serrano's, with the recent health problems at Firefly I have been looking for a new Tapas spot. I am disappointed to say that Julian Serrano's will not be that spot. The food was okay but nowhere near the quality implied by the pricing and not nearly as good as Firefly. Also, worryingly, two out of the three diners in our party got sick shortly after eating, one of them violently ill. The service was nothing special, courteous but when asked for a suggested dish I got blank stares.Disappointingly Julian Serrano's is exactly what it's desperately trying not to be, a run of the mill Las Vegas casino restaurant with a fancy facade. The food is not horrible but for the price you would expect much more.
2	I have to admit that I was pretty drunk while visiting. I can't say much about the place since I don't remember a lot but the one thing that I do remember is the incredibly small tapas. Yes, they're tapas and I understand that but when it comes to lamb chops -- it was a chop .. Some of the dishes were just poorly sized when held against their prices. I feel like it could have been more for the price.
1	I have eaten here before and it was good so this review is not on food. We were vacationing in las vegas in summerlin and drove all the way to the aria to go to jullian serrano's happy hour. When we got there we were told rudely by the host staff that they are not doing happy hour because there was a convention in town. The second host didn't even look up from what she was doing. No where on the website did it say they were not doing happy hour and how greedy can you be that during a convention you won't serve happy hour because you know lots of people will be there and you want to make more money. This place has lost my business which is too bad because the food is good. If you are at the aria and want a good happy hour go to american fish. The staff is great and the food is served tapas style and is delicious.
5	We stumbled in here during a business trip for a quick lunch and were blown away by the flavors of the tapas served here.Our team shared the following tapas:Lobster SaladAhi tuna tempuraWhite cevicheTuna carpaccioWhite anchovy filletsTraditional Spanish chicken croquetasFresh calamari a la planchaCreamy risottoThe tapas that hit me as the best have to be the ceviche, calamari, and the tuna carpaccio.  The calamari was fork tender and perfectly accented by the acid, the carmelized onions added the needed sweetness to round out the dish.The execution of the carpacio left me wanting to order another order, but I had to sustain.  The carpaccio is sliced thin and placed over pine nuts that gave the dish a perfect, and when I say perfect I mean crunch.  The vinaigrette was refreshing while not being too overpowering of the fish.The restaurant is beautiful, and the fun vibe of Tapas makes it a great experience.  A must check out if your in Vegas and anywhere near the Aria Hotel.  Price is on the high side, but quality, service, and most of all flavor get the high marks for me.
3	We had a company dinner here. Although the service was rather slow( took them a while to bring our drinks and refills), the food is quite nice.My favorites: Potatas Bravas, Ahi Appetizer, pan manchego, mushroom risotto, Rabo de Toro and the amazing Red SangriaDisappointing:the spinach salad and the absolutely horrible paella. I was looking forward to it, but the flavors were way off and the rice was over cooked. This is one dish that almost no one on our party ate.I would come back for some drinks and apps, but would skip the paella for sure.
5	When I feel like enjoying an awesome meal with tons of variety, Julian Serrano is my go to place. I have yet to have a bad plate of food here. The price isn't the cheapest, but I know this walking in the door. It usually costs me around $200 for 2 people with a few drinks. Some of my favorite items: Brava Potatoes, Roasted Red Peppers, Short Ribs, Croquetas, Imported Spanish Ham, and the Crispy Chicken Breast Plate (the peppers and chorizo complete this plate perfectly) Finally, the best item on the entire menu are - THE CHURROS. Simply the most fresh, and delicious dessert you will taste. Don't waste your time dipping it in the chocolate sauce though, it takes away from the churro experience!! Enjoy!
4	Excellent!  One of our favorite restaraunts in Vegas. Only down side, tad pricy but worth it.  Highly recommended.
4	Gourmet tapas is about the only way to describe a place like this.I came recently with a date and was immediately struck by the open atmosphere.  It is simple and modern - almost like a fine cafeteria - but it works.  It doesn't feel too stuffy for its price or its setting, and yet due to the decor and the staff it still feels like it has a touch of class.We ordered several things off the menu, with a few winning and few losing.  The lobster gazpacho was... a bowl of cold soup.  It was started with a tapioca capsule of soup on your spoon, and the overall taste was light and refreshing with a hint of cucumber.  But at the end of the day it was still cold soup.  If you're into it - you'll probably dig it.  I was not.The winner was the creamy mushroom risotto.  Absolute simple brilliance.  It was just delicious.  I can't and won't say too much more other than it is definitely worth an order.I love tapas places because you can order a bunch of things and come away with a decent tasting for a decent price.  Julian Serrano essentially delivers this, with a place a few steps up on the price rung than the rest.  It was too expensive, about $35 a head without drinks.  But it was enough to make you wonder whether all of those orders you'd happily picked out were worth the price after they were finished.Go.  Enjoy.  But choose wisely if you're picking up the tab.
3	Great food, horrible service.  Service can make or break a good meal, and unfortunately the horrible service overshadowed the delicious food. We dined on Saturday, 2/9, at 9:15.  I originally had made a reservation for 12, but 2 people did not make it. The hostess and server adjusted our table no problem.  Once my whole party arrived we were seated. After that, service declined until I spoke with the manager, Carlos.  Our server was Janice and it appeared from the beginning as if she had checked-out for the evening.  Once we were seated we were handed ONE drink menu by our unknown server at the time.  Everyone was getting a little impatient while they waited for the drink menu to reach them.  It would have been helpful if water was at our table before we were seated.  I asked Janice for another drink menu then she brought over a couple more in ipad form.  Thank you. I also had to ask about the specials and the prix fix menu I read on the website.  Janice did not opening offer this information to us and did not communicate it to the whole table.  One of the girls in my party communicated our options to rest of the group.  Everyone except one person in our party opted for the Chef's Special Selection Menu, but Janice did not know that because she didn't bother going around to ask each person what they would like to order -  she assumed everyone was opting for the chef's menu. Someone  had to tell Janice that one person wanted to order off the regular menu.  Janice is not all to blame for the lousy service.  The bussers and food runners were not on top of things and appeared not to communicate with one another.  A food runner brought our paella and Janice had to take it back to the kitchen.  After I spoke with the manager he informed me Janice would try to be more attentive.  Janice was great at refilling our waters and sangria, but she was still not very friendly towards us.I appreciate Carlos for sending out dessert at the end of our meal to make up for the poor service, but unfortunately the poor service really did break our special group dinner.  I recommend assigning a more outspoke and friendly server to large parties in the future.
5	Made a reservation through yelp and specified a gluten allergy. We got an awesome table and the waiter already knew about the allergy. You can't beat the atmosphere and service here. The front house guy was helpful in choosing a wine and even gave me a tasting before I bought a glass.  The portions are small plate style, so assume 2 per person if one is meat and 3 per person if choosing from any of the other categories. The kale salad is good, a bit oily. Beef short ribs we tender and the glaze was awesome. The highlight and must have was the chorizo- the perfect amount of warm hear, crispy outside, juicy inside, and topped with a mini roasted potato.  The dessert was delicious as was all of the food, and although I loved the pistachio tart, it is definitely a warm cookie and not a tart. Sounds weird but the flavor of the crema catalana was reminiscent of Trix cereal- ok, but I wouldn't get it again.
5	Great tapas bar in aria..tuna and raspberry so amazing..the patron peppers were great..and loved the beet salad. .great tequilas too
4	Thanks to religiously watching Top Chef for the last eleven seasons, I'm just not a fan of Julian Serrano. In the most recent season, he built a Spanish menu against his the awesome Dominique Crenn, and every one of his dishes looked so boring that nobody was rooting for his team.Fast forward to visiting Las Vegas with the idea of gorging myself on everything tasty that the city has to offer ... and I decided to visit Julian's eponymous restaurant for kicks (and to prove to myself that I was right in judging him from what I've seen on Top Chef). And you know what? I was wrong. I give this restaurant a solid 3.5 stars and appreciate what Serrano is doing to heighten Las Vegas' culinary caliber.I think the decor is fun; trendy, whimsical and colorful. Kind of like tapas :)If you're getting tapas, it's important to get around three things per person and share, so that you get the max out of your experience. Here are the highlights:-- heirloom tomato salad-- coca vegetarian-- yellowtail tiradito-- stuffed piquillo peppersWhy wasn't it rated higher? One of our items was "lost" off the check, and we waited for 20-30 minutes even after letting them know. Second, while some of the food is great, other items like the chicken croquetas were downright dogs.Nonetheless, I'm happy that JS had vindicated himself in my eyes ... I'm sure he'll sleep better at night now.
5	This place never disappoints. Amazing food, good service, and a beautiful modern design.Our waiter was very helpful. Since I had been here before and it was the first time for my friends, I was picking some of the tapas I knew and liked. He suggested other tapas too. The service was fast. Our tapas were brought to our table sooner than expected. My top favorites were the Creamy Risotto, Garlic Chicken, Papas Bravas, Pan Manchego, and Traditional Chicken Croquetas. The dessert, Churros with spicy chocolate was so delicious and brought back some childhood memories. Julian Serrano has a beautiful modern design. It very colorful and lively. The restrooms are cover from top to bottom in tiny mosaic multicolor tile. Plus the restrooms play Spanish lessons.I highly recommend Julian Serrano!! It's a must try! This is one of my top favorite restaurants.
4	My second time at Julian Serrano.  The atmosphere is great being in the atrium area of the Aria Hotel.Service is good, but almost too fast.  At a tapas place, you order a bunch of small plates and eat them throughout the evening.  During our dinner, they brought all the plates at once.  Our table was overloaded with plates.  Since we wanted to eat everything while it was hot, it turned out to be a short dinner.  The desserts are fair - nothing special.
1	I was very disappointed with this restaurant , got seated and never saw our server whatsoever.
5	Vegas is a foodie town, and Aria has a lot of wonderful restaurants.  If you ask me, Julian Serrano is the best restaurant in Aria and it's one of my favorite places to eat in Las Vegas.I LOVE THIS RESTAURANT.  Service is top-notch and fast.  For a party of 14, I was worried about the wait time for food.  No need to worry, they know what they're doing!  Food started coming out almost immediately.  Tapas are a terrific option for large groups.  The pace of dishes coming out was perfect.  Also our waiter was able to split up the bill (we ordered in groups of 3 to 5 people).  Finally, the food.  It's excellent!!  Everything is amazing but I particularly recommend the calamari, which is among the best I've ever eaten.  Other notable dishes include the salmon, the risotto, croquetas, peppers, papas bravas.You simply cannot go wrong eating here.
4	Bit pricey, but it's delicious.  And hey it's Vegas...We ordered too many things to remember but for the most memorable things were:Tuna Cones - Delicious tuna sushi (poke) style in crispy cones.Imported Spanish Serrano Ham - Delicious period.Creamy Risotto - Very well done!Stuffed Dates - Not bad.Grilled Lamb Chop - Loved it.Mixed Paella - Very good paella.  Had low expectations but wow'd.I would come here again but give it sometime so they can add and subtract from menu.Worth the try!
5	Fantastic...amazing flavors....Aurora made this a special lunch...ask to sit in her area
5	Tapas are amazing with a lot of variety to choose from. The scallops, oxtail, and risotto is amazing. Good service and amazing food.
2	Superlative food. The ceviche is wonderful, as well as the shrimp. You can taste the freshness and quality. The wine list sources some of the better Spanish labels, which pair well. My only knock was that my wife was bumped several times by the wait staff, due to the narrow passage between tables.  We mentioned this to our waitress, and there was no make good or acknowledgement. Not what I expected from a world class chef.
4	Overall great experience. The mixed seafood ceviche was amazing! I wish the portion was a bit larger. I would definitely come back! I also tried the paella which was also delicious.
4	As a frequent visitor to Vegas, I have had the opportunity to dine here three times in the last five months.  If you like Tapas, you will love this place.  I cannot say anything bad about the food, it is all wonderful: dates, octopus, short rib, paella, etc.  The paella is a little small for a large group. I heartily recommend the churros for dessert.  My only criticisms are that the wine list is always out of the reasonably priced selections and the general cost of a meal is ridiculous.  I know, every meal in Vegas has to be ridiculously overpriced, it is some kind of law, but go in prepared to have to use the home equity line.Still, I cannot recommend this place enough.
4	Delicious tapas. Portions a bit small so go with 3/person (they suggest 2-3/person). Loved everything we got: bacon wrapped figs, goat cheese and tomato cake, cheese platter, mushroom risotto, scallops, and chicken croquetas. Red sangria was perfect... Not excessively sweet but flavorful and fruity.
5	This is the best tapas place I have been to.  Great service! Friendly staff for being packed to capacity.  We were here with a party of 22.  They took the time to explain what was in each dish. I recomend the Scallops, best I have ever had.  They have aLimited beer selection, but I still give it a 5 star.
4	Went to Julian Serrano with a bachelorette party - about 16 of us and we had a great time! Unfortunately, they were unable to seat us all together, but they did get us two tables close together.  We got a couple pitchers of each the red and white sangria which was very good.  We then asked the waiter to bring us out an assortment of the most popular tapas. Everything was delicious with my favorites being the avocado cannelloni, the stuffed dates and the brava potatoes. Fun atmosphere and good service.
1	Stick with the Tapas and bottled water. Looking forward to a special birthday dinner here we were very disappointed. We started out grand , quaint table for two and we are already ordering our drinks. Gin & tonic came out and it tasted off by the 3rd try the drink was brought out with just the gin and a closed bottle of tonic water. The tonic was spoiled at the bar. We loved the tapas we ordered very tasty, perfect for two. The fig tapas were just lovely! Now we are excited about the paella we ordered. When it arrived we noticed immediately it was small not really for two. Only two shrimps and maybe a scoop of rice each - oh! It smelled so fishy I was hesitant to eat it but took a bite and wish I hadn't! The rice was under cooked and the shrimp tasted bad. Really could not continue, we ask the server to take it away and I've lost my appetite. My water is refilled and I notice large particles floating in my glass! Ugh. I ask for bottled water and tell our server why. She does apologize and we know this is not her fault. The manager comes over and starts to explain why the paella taste so off and this is just how they make it here, he does not apologize or offer anything to us. I am beyond ready to leave. But our server lets us know because it is my birthday she will bring me dessert and she is convinced I will be delighted. She brings out a lava cake, where am I, Applebee's?!! Please, just let me leave! But first she brings me the check. They took off the Paella and bottle of water. Finally it ended.
1	Used to be my favorite place for tapas until now.  Found a piece of bone on my tapa, they took the plate with the piece of bone to the kitchen but instead of having the courtesy of offering something else they just became very prompt in handing me the check before I even asked for it.  Guess is all fun and games until someone chokes or loses a tooth to a piece of bone...  Eat at your own risk!i
4	VERY overpriced but yummy!!!! I guess this is what I can expect in Vegas. I tried about 8 different tapas and I absolutely loved the ceviche with taro chips.  Just that will complete your night!
4	We always prefer tapa restaurants back in seattle, becasue we love getting variety of foods in one sitting. After seeing this restaurant near our hotel entrance, we decided to give it a try. We went straight to eat after the morning workout. It wa pretty empty on sunday morning around 11am. We had asparagus, beef tartare,steak, and sliders. The sauce that came wth roasted asparagus was one of my favorite thing. It had almond flavor to it, and I enjoyed it alot. Steak was tender and juicy, tartare was fresh. The tartare came with thing sliced root vegetables and  i thought it was a interesting addition. Sliders were great as well.The price wasn't that bad and i loved the experience. The only thing is, it isn't a closed restaurant, and you are dirextly exposed to people walking by when sitted near the edge of the restaurant.
3	This place is ok. Not sure why this place have so many 5 star reviews? Maybe we went on an off night? The service was kinda blah as well. Hub and I shared the following tapas:***Recommend***Stuffed paquillo peppers (my fav there, the flavors went very well together)Oxtail (sorry forgot the name. It was hub's fav, tender and moist)Seared scallops (seared perfectly)Yellowtail (this was ok, didn't think it was that bad to be added to the list below)Lamb chops (hub and I both enjoyed it, but it wasn't the best we ever had)***Avoid at all cost***Tuna cone (no flavor)Fried artichoke (forgot the name as well, but it came with arugula and some kind of soft cheese on the side. This dish was completely bland and the flavors did not work well together)Tuna and raspberry stick (looks pretty, but where was the flavor?!)Fries and chorizo with egg on top (can't believe we paid for this dish. It looked like a dish that was thrown in with leftovers)Pork shoulder (forgot the name as well. It was dry and bland and totally not worth it)Bill came out to be about $180. It wasn't too bad, but I can think of a million other places where I would've left happy and completely satisfied.
5	I had the asparagus and oxtail with mashed potatoes.... I recommend them both! Great flavor! The cervix he is great as well! Chefs and bartenders are friendly and down to earth!
4	The happy hour is a good deal, but the food wasn't consistently good. I ate there three time during my stay at Aria 2/23-2/28/14.  I love their bacon wrapped dates, and they were great the first day... ok the subsequent times.  Also the "Spanish Tortilla" was a cold gloopy-glue-like thing that I ended up sending back.  Their ahi tuna squares with raspberry stuff and sesame seeds are def a Vegas "must try" because they are beautiful and yummy!
4	The potatoes were off the chart. If you are into tapas then this place will rock your world. A few of the dishes weren't our favorite but 3-4 were really good with great flavors!
5	At one point Vegas got "over saturated" with Tapas restaurants. I guess that's one of Vegas "weaknesses"  Always going to extreme in everything,even restaurants or "Vapor Stores" :-). That by any  means does not affect my believe, that Vegas is  the best city  to live in (at least for me and my family).  Back to Julian Serrano: I f I would be put in front of the dilemma  to choose only one Tapas restaurant in Las Vegas to stay open. I would say Julian Serrano in a heart bit. Yes it is a little pricy, but when you bite into stuffed peppers or take a sip of house made sangria...  You feel that eating here is "money well spent" . I should also mention, please save room for desert, it's outstanding!  So is the service.
5	My wife, a group of friends and I were back in Las Vegas and planned to dine at Julian Serrano again.  We had dined there a few years prior and in my mind, that was the best meal I had ever had in Vegas.  I'm very happy to report that our most recent experience was just as fantastic as a few years back.  Just like the last time, we had Pedro as our waiter.  He is the absolute perfect curator for the food journey we took once again.  Not only is he attentive to all needs, he explains every dish as it's brought to the table.  He even remembered us from a few years ago which was very impressive considering the amount of people I'm sure he serves on a regular basis.  The food continues to be phenomenal with various textures and tastes all playing off of each other nicely.  We will definitely be retuning next year.  Do yourself a favor, if you find yourself in Las Vegas, go to Julian Serrano, ask for Pedro to be your host for the evening and enjoy the ride!!
5	I really enjoy eating at this place when I come to Vegas. The atmosphere is relaxing. Our server Ernesto was very polite and the food was awesome. Paella, papa bravas, lamb chops, ribs. The sangria mmm.. I recommend anyone who has never tried Tapas food to eat here.
5	Great food, decent service, wildly marked-up wine list. You should still go.
4	lovely spot to grab a late night dinner for two! delicious & light and left satisfied. would recommend for a larger group too, to try all that their tapas menu has to offer. thx aria hotel, another terrific spot to dine at.  : )
5	I came here in a larger group for a birthday dinner and a positively amazing experience. We opted for a tasting course menu, where we able to taste several different plates. The staff was very attentive and the service was quick! My personal favorite item on the menu was the stuffed dates, delicious!! Everyone in my group loved our dinner experience and would recommend it to anyone! I hope to go back to Vegas soon and eat there again!
2	I think I may be generous with the 2 stars.....we were served rancid olive oil (on asparagus), crispy paella (EVERY other time it has been cooked - not al dente), and Iberico ham that was kind of 'meh.'  Very loud - hard to hear conversation at out 2 top.  Server was lukewarm, clearly not thrilled to be there.  My advice?  If you need to drop some money quickly use a slot machine instead.  We actually did and won a bunch of money!  At Serrano's you wont win anything but hopefully will find a bite or two of actual 'AUTHENTIC' Spanish cuisine, which is better than we did.
4	Great food. A bit pricey even for Vegas. The sangria a were not the best we have ever had but not the worst either. All the tapas were really good and unique. Prepare to spend some cash.
4	Incredible decor great menu decent service. Almost 5 stars but they blew it on the lamb kabob. Totally undercooked and raw. And a fine cut of meat wasted. Now that that's over I loved everything else. Mushroom rissoto to die for tuna cones were perfect the meatballs insane great beer and the oxtail. Sublime.  I would go again solid 4 star
5	I've been here several times and they never disappoint. The tapas and creative combinations are delicious. A must try when you visit Las Vegas.
5	We traveled for over a month in Spain, ate at many tapas restaurants in many countries. Even though Las Vegas has a lot to offer we just had to come back and try more things day after day at Julian Serrano. Amazing tapas, original, super tasty. We tried 8 different Tapas including the Paella, none of them failed us!We would come back to try some more in our next trip.
4	Tapas in Vegas? Why, not? This little bodega is a cute spot with excellent service! Located inside the Aria it was a short walk from our stay at the Vdara. I love me some Spanish tapas so wanted to check out this place while in town. Some of the dishes were spot on yummy. The calamari a la plancha with a hint of lemon and lightly charred was Delish! Another favorite was the bacon wrapped dates. Savory dates, crispy bacon and smooth goat cheese- I couldn't get enough of these bad boys. Literally, there were only 3. Chicken croquettes were a bit too soft inside, lacking a bit of texture I like more shredded chicken, not from the blender. I would order the mussels again but not the stuffed peppers. You cannot leave without ordering the vino tinto sangria! With apples and a hint of cinnamon, this was to die for! And the almond flan was out of this world good!Excellent service, good recommendations, cute spot in the Aria and great food. I would come back but bring a bigger check book- this place is not easy on the wallet considering the size of portions.
5	We were impressed by  every dish that we ordered. People are right about the price, whereas, this place is not cheap.  But this has definitely been one of those instances of getting what we paid for.
2	Food was decent.  Between four hungry gentlemen we got away with 8 small plate tapas and one paella and everyone was quite full afterwards.  It's a nicely decorated restaurant in Aria. Here are some thoughts on the food:- Meatballs - these had an excellent texture and the meat sauce was perfectly sweetened.  A very enjoyable dish- Sliders - don't get this - only came with two sliders and the bread was a bit dry and overall not very original or inspired- Black rice - this is an actual dish and I found very delectable.  The price soaked in squid ink (?) was well seasoned and the octopus and seafood added some interesting texture to the bite- Tuna sashimi on seaweed salad - I would not order this, just get it at an actual japanese restaurant and you'll be much happier- Paella - definitely order this when you sit down as it takes 40 mins to cook.  We ordered the mix paella and it was very enjoyable.  The mix of chicken and seafood was nice and it wasn't overly salty.- Garlic Chicken - this was a surprisingly tasty dish.  It was simple but the flavor was excellent and the texture of the chicken was moist and soft on the inside with a thin but noticeable flour based covering.The cocktails were OK but nothing to write home about.  Why did it only get three stars?  Well our waiter who was a nice chap throughout the meal offered us an appetizer, a feta cheese, tomato, and bread type of dish.  When he offered this to us, he said "i'll bring you out this appetizer".  At the end of the meal, when we ordered 4 espressos, he said "i'm going to bring you out coffee with liquer".  In both cases, his tone gestures insinuated that we would be comped these small "extras" but when we saw the final bill, he had charged us.  The coffee drinks alone were $14 each.  Anyways, just an annoying thing for people to have to deal with and presumptuous that we'd want to pay for the extras.  So all in all, the food was above average but the incident with the waiter brought down the otherwise delightful experience to two stars.
2	The tapas here never disappoint, but the service is a real wild-card you should beware of. For a venue like this where you are going to be ordering several small plates that need to be paired properly, insight into what is good that day or what flavors will work well together often rely on input from the server (who is there every day). In my case, the server (Victor H) was not very engaged in the customers, another staff guy ( a cook) noticed that I needed a sharp knife for the lamb dish and provided one (which Victor should have recognized). The server also needed to be prompted by the staff cook to suggest other items and to follow-up on my needs. I have been here three or four times and the food is always good, but the service, like I mentioned, will make for a great experience, or damage it.
5	Had 4 more hours till my flight to leave Vegas, walked by this place decided to check it out. Good thing i did, because i discovered a great place. Ordered short ribs here expecting it to be like korean short ribs lol; it was 10 times better. I huge slab of meat on a bone that melts in your mouth as you eat it, so tender and juicy. This place will make your taste buds go nuts, everything is packed with rich flavor. Happy hours from 4-5:30pm i was lucky enough to come during that time, had myself a 5 dollar sangria. Located inside the ARIA this place is a must try for everyone, guarantee you will not be disappointed.
3	Food was decent. Service was super fast and friendly. The menu had great selections on it. Downside? Though everything we tried was good it was simply lacking the "wow" experience that I have had at other tapas places. When I walked away from here I remembered an enjoyable meal whereas when I walked away from other tapas places I remembered specific dishes that I would look forward to having again.
5	Lively and beautiful atmosphere with food that is really quite delicious! We had a table of 8 and decided to go with a bunch of shared plates. Id say the three highlights were the oxtail, the duck confit, and the wrapped dates.  Even something simple as the charcuterie plate was ordered twice we loved it so much. We saw many people ordering paella, but we wanted to taste many dishes so we opted out. I'm picky with paella, but something tells me they do it right!!
4	Great food and great wine recommendations. Gotta check out the bathrooms also. Beautiful.
3	We got the seared scallops, eggplant special of the day, mushroom risotto, and the filet w/ foie gras, all good dishes, but not great, which brings me to the next point... For just those few middle of the road tapas dishes and a couple of drinks, I left feeling a bit ripped off. I don't mind paying a lot for food, but this place didn't quite live up to my expectations. Other than that, the food came out fairly quickly since the dinner rush hadn't come, and our server is very attentive.
4	Food was great. However, Paella needs improvement very wet rice better luck next time. Second time around
5	Best tapas I've had, hands down. The restaurant is in the middle of the Aria lobby and looks like it's built out of giant sugar sculptures. I liked it! It was very flashy (but appropriate for Vegas).The waiter was great at suggesting what to order (Patatas bravas is of note. My boyfriend's father was doubtful; "It's just potatoes, what's the big deal?" It was a big deal). We chatted and took his advice, which turned out to be excellent. Drinks here are also GREAT (pricey, but great)--you can browse it on their very cool iPad app. My boyfriend's mother and I each had one, and we both loved our drinks.As for the food...I'm not sure you can go wrong. As mentioned previously, the patatas bravas was great. We had a bunch of meat dishes (the chorizo on a stick was cute and tasty!), but oddly enough, the standout dish was the poached salmon. It had to be the best dish of the night, and probably the best salmon I've ever had. I had to question myself for a second because we were, after all, in the middle of a desert.Probably the weakest part of the meal was the desserts. While they were still good (churros in a spicy chocolate sauce that we were practically drinking out of the cup, flan), a round of drinks might have been a nicer ending. At this point, however, I'm grasping at straws.Julian Serrano was the best meal we had during our entire stay at Vegas, and we ate at quite a few notable restaurants. It was also (unfortunately for us) the first meal we had after our flight and set the standard for the rest of our stay. I highly recommend!
5	The risotto is really really good!  If I could have ordered a giant bowl it is the only thing I would have eaten.  That being said the tapas were epic.  We tried the paella for two people and were a little disappointed.
3	As someone that was born and raised in Spain, my expectations of "Spanish" restaurants tend to be a bit higher than most. When you sit down at a place like this, after not being able to taste the food from your country for months, or even years! little key words stand out. And those words make you very excited. For me, the key words were HAM, CABRALES, TORTILLA and PIMIENTO. The fact that I saw all of these key words on the menu was a good sign. Unfortunately it all went downhill from there.My fiance and I were hungry and excited to eat some spanish food so we ordered a bunch of different things.We started off with the Jamon Serrano and Spanish Charcuterie. The Jamon was on top of some tomato garlic sauce. It was about as bland as they come. And I mean bland. They served it on top of some garlic tomato sauce which to me, all it does is mask the flavor of the ham. I was really disappointed. The Charcuterie was also as bland as the ham. The lomo in that plate had absolutely no flavor. Where are they getting their products from?Then we got the cheese platter! another key word, CABRALES! I am from Asturias, that is where Cabrales cheese comes from. And I can say this much. That was NOT it. It is a very stinky, spicy blue cheese and what they served us was a creamy bland mess they called cabrales. The tortilla....... sucked. Sorry, it sucked. It was so dry..... I almost finished my whole glass of wine with it. That is NOT how tortilla is supposed to be! For one because it sucks with onions in it. It completely overpowers the flavor of the potatoes and egg. But it was so overcooked..... I come from a family that makes spanish tortilla on a daily basis. I make it, my mom makes it, my grandma makes it.... and they all turn out glorious. Why is this one so..... meh?Onto the next...... the Octopus. It was surprisingly good! Nothing bad to say on this one.The Stuffed Piquillo Peppers were delicious. It gave me a few good ideas to make at home since I have them in my fridge. and lastlyThe Stuffed Dates. They were very delicious. I don't know how spanish this dish is, because I actually never had it in Spain before, but they were fantastic. Overall the restaurant is nice, the atmosphere is trendy and it had a good vibe. I'm sure for someone who isn't used to this type of food, the food will be great. But I did not like it. As a matter of fact, I get upset when the waiter tells me the chef is from Madrid and then they serve me that. Is he really from Madrid? Has he even been there? Does he know what the food looks like there? I'm confused
4	I love tapas because I don't like decision making and I love having a little bit of everything. This place was good and I was brave (just try it, I told myself), but some things were more up my alley than others. Still, I knew where it wasn't something I liked, it was more about me than the quality of the food or presentation. Like our sushi experience at Kumi at Mandalay, we just asked them to bring out good stuff until we said enough. I would have loved a potato tasty (should have asked about patatas bravas) but they brought out some really tasty things. I don't even like goat cheese, but the Stuffed Dates were probably my favorite, as well as the the little ice cream cone-like tartare, cucumber and guacamole (Tuna Cone); Rabo De Toro (oxtail and mashed potato) was also pretty good. I'd definitely come back here and try out some other fun stuff. This is the type of meal I totally enjoy and Avia was a lot cleaner smelling than the other hotel/casinos anyway.
3	Just had dinner here and I would say only 3 stars overall 1. Patata brava - excellent 2. Mediterranean chicken skewers -Chicken was undercooked and pink 3. Payaya - too sweet 4. Spanish pizza - toooo oily and the bread seemed like you are eating a butter pastry. 5. Sangria - awesome 6. Service - almost felt like I was in a casual cantina whose server wasn't interested in understanding or taking care of the customer. Don't know what the hype is about. Cascal in mountain view California has much better food, ambience and service. Expected better and was disappointed.
5	Excellent food.  Great value.  We went here multiple times because I wanted to try all the yummy dishes.
5	Excellent meal here for our group of four ladies. The extensive menu drew us to this restaurant. The service and food was excellent. Price was reasonable. Very fast service. We had to be out  within 90 minutes, and we were early. Would definitely go back again.
3	Recommend ordering only the fish dishes. The white Ceviche and yellow tail was great.  All the beef dishes missed on the savory.  If you do order beef--- ask for a steak knife especially for the short rib.  The chicken croquetta was my favorite. The cheese l platter also missed as the goat cheese were were lame. Sangria was good, but you should ask them to make sure to put pieces of fruit  from the mix.... It made difference on the second glass. Service was great at they let you I'd put 3.5 stars.
5	It was hard to decide what to get here, the menu was just very expansive, and I was feeling indecisive.  We ended up with 9 small plates in a wide variety of flavors.  I can hardly recall what they are were.  The best dish was a chicken croquette, followed by the braised short ribs.  The ambiance could be a bit better, with the dining room located in what is essentially the lobby.  Lots of food creepers walking by, staring down your delicious mini plates.
4	This restaurant has a pretty low key atmosphere considering the menu. We came here earlier this week for dinner and were lucky to get a table with a view of the TV so we could watch the end of our team's NBA playoff game. It was great that we were able to get amazing food and still catch the game! Our server seemed irritated that we were so into the game (a bit pretentious even) but given the casual atmosphere I didn't think it was a problem. Dinner was quite delicious- we started with Wagyu Beef Tartare and the Yellowtail Tapas with a half bottle of wine and enjoyed those while we waited for the Seafood Paella (the menu cautions a 40 minute wait, but I think it was less than that).All of the food was delicious, but if I were to return I would skip the Paella and stick to tapas. All in all, 4 stars - due to the weirdly pretentious service in a casual fine dining establishment.
4	Excellent service, attentive but not intrusive.  Food pretty good all in all, wide selection of beautifully presented and well made tapas.  My only suggestions to the chef would be maybe spice up the Spanish Charcuterie plate a little, that was pretty boring, and definitely cook the Paella a little longer-the slightly crunchy crust that it should have was sorely lacking and that is the best part.....
3	Decided to come here to eat on a late Friday night when we were in Vegas a few weeks ago. Bad idea for my wallet but hey, you're in Vegas and high prices should be expected especially at Aria.  I should have looked at the yelp pictures before coming because I didn't realize the portions would be that tiny. Yes, they are tapas but when each dish is priced at $10-15 dollars, you will need to spend like $80-100 per person in order to feel like you had a real meal. My bf and I ended up ordering the mushroom risotto, salmon and truffle, and the bomba (?) just to try something from each category. The food was actually really good. The mushroom risotto was creamy and delicious. The salmon was cooked perfectly and I loved the sauce that was drizzled on the plate. The bomba was like a meatball and had a nice spicy kick to it and was delicious as well. For an upscale-ish place, service was only so-so. The waitress wasn't very attentive and I think she judged us because we didn't order 10+ dishes like the couple seated next to us. Ambience is nice and trendy but it's really loud in there so don't expect to be able to have a nice conversation in there.
4	After going to Estiatorio Milos for my first prix fixe lunch, I was determined to find another one at a great price. I found this thread that mentioned Estiatorio Milos and they also said Julian Serrano had an equally delicious menu for only $19. I thought it was too good to be true so I called to confirm since the thread was from last year. They said that they had this special menu from Sunday-Thursday at 11:30am-4pm so I had to get there on Sunday. It was weird because I checked the menu and it didnt mention the $19 so I thought it was a secret menu. When we got there, they gave us a regular lunch menu and I asked for the prix fixe but it was for $49 so I asked about the $19 one. He said it was only for Monday- Thursday but I told him that the person on the phone yesterday said it was for Sunday. He spoke with the manager and checked if they had the ingredients and they were able to provide this menu. I thought it was very nice of them to keep their word. So extra plus for them. The place is in Aria and it is quite festive. They have a bar and the game was playing so that was cool. First1) Lobster Gazpacho- chilled spinach tomato soup with lobster meat- I didnt see the chilled part so I was quite shocked by the taste of it. I never had purposeful cold soup so it took some getting used to. Not my cup of tea but I am glad I tasted a legit spanish appetizer. 2) Wild mushroom soup- I preferred this one since it was salty. It was good and I would choose this over the lobster.Second1) Salmon- It comes with mashed potatoes and I liked that the salmon skin was crispy. I dont know how salmon is a spanish dish so it wasnt anything crazy special but it was good nonetheless.2) Rib eye steak- It came with eggplant and french fries and again I dont know how this is spanish but it was good. Third1) Santiago's cake- LOVEEE this!!! it is a traditional spanish almond cake with turron ice cream and candied almonds. It comes in a nice display and was deliciosss. The cake was tender and the ice cream went perfectly with it. I gobbled that thing right up. This was by far my favorite of the meal.2) Flan de turon- almond mcreme custard flan. I am not much of a flan person so I thought it was ok. I think Vegas will now be known for prix fixe rather than buffets for me. I am addicted haha. And for so cheap! You cant beat $19 for all this good food. I am surprised that the appetixer and dessert were more traditional than the entrees.**TIPS**1) The $19 prix fixe is Monday-Thursday, 11:30am-4pm.2) The ideal menu is wild mushroom soup, salmon or steak (depends on what you prefer), and Santiago's cake.3) Enjoy!
2	I'm a local and as such maybe a little jaded due to our seemingly never-ending string of poor dining experiences at expensive restaurants on the strip that tout quality chefs. Sadly, like most Vegas eateries in Strip casinos this place suffers from non-attentive service and overpriced fare that is pedestrian at best. We had the raspberry tuna skewers (ok), the sliders (bland), the NY steak (couldn't cut thorough 2 pieces because they were 90% gristle), the monk fish (decent smoky flavor but the least tasty monk fish i've had), the ceviche (for some reason no one in the states can get this right - not authentic, served with only 4 taro chips, decent but not at all as flavorful as that in the Yucatan), and the only tapas we enjoyed - the stuffed dates - which we've had many times at other tapas joints, and these were just as good. ALL our second round of tapas were served cold after a long wait (must have been left at the pass too long), and we had to send them back - upon doing so the manager came out to reassure us, but at no point did he or the server offer to take something off the bill or do something extra for the miscue - not that we expected that, but most places i've had to do this at will extend some sort of peace offering. Not here.$150 later we left very disappointed and agreed to avoid Strip restaurants like the plague from now on, unless they are downtown - like Hugo's Cellar, which is a gem with great service and reasonable prices. It seems that these strip places think they're only catering to tourists and will never see you again, at least that's how it feels to dine there. They were right this time, they won't see us again. Back to Firefly for tapas.
5	Playful, clever...brilliantExpected more theatrical gastronomic fireworks...but this was very refined and focused.Think of this place as dinner and a show...if you appreciate refined, creative, and brilliant food...this place is a must see.That said...now that I've done it, I have no interest in going back and...I can't say that about The French Laundry because....at the risk of sounding horribly pretentious, when I ate at the French Laundry, I knew I was doing something special...I knew I was eating at the best restaurant in the world and seeing what those chefs did changed my perception of what food could be.This is cool...but it's just a branch of minibar.
4	I wanted to give this place 5 stars but our waiter was not very friendly.We came here Saturday night for my bachelorette party.  The first component that really captures your attention is the ambience. The place is gorgeous.  You have the perfect balance of people watching and romantic/ beautiful ambience that really adds to the flavor of the restaurant and, of course, the food.Now for the drinks!  I ordered the first cocktail on the menu: ague de serrano = delicious.  My friends split two pitchers of the white sangria. They said it was good but it tasted like punch. They felt a little of the alcohol afterward, but they said the drinks could have been stronger.  For the food, we ordered the mushroom risotto (so yummy!), the asparagus a la plancha, and the goat cheese salad.  A couple of my friends got the octopus, but they said it was very smokey and the octopus was not baby octopus, so expect big tentacles (TMI I know but it was important for flavor based on what my friends said).  Everything else was delicious from the rest of my friends.Our waiter was gruff and unfriendly.  He did not come back and check on us during our meal as well.  The rest of the wait staff was great and kept our water glasses full.  We complained to the manager, and he apologized but we already paid, so he couldn't do much.  He said he would speak with the waiter. Overall, would go again. Veg, meat, and vegan options available :)
4	Whimsical, vibrant & upbeat restaurant with friendly service to top off the overall experience.Drink the Agua de Serrano-a crisp and spicy cocktail made with tequila, rum, cava and hananero infused syrup...banger!!Eat the white ceviche served with thin taro root crisps.  I'd maybe pass on the crispy artichoke...I liked it but I think it could have used some salt or some kind of hot sauce.The menu has so many delectible options but I stopped there.   I'll definitely make it a point to visit again and sample some more.
5	Really cute place! We absolutely LOVED the fresh sangria. There are three different choices, each flavor better than the next. We were just stopping by for a snack since we had dinner reservations later in the evening, but were luckily able to try the black rice and stuffed peppers. Both were amazing. The black rice was better than any tapa we could even find in Spain, a must try for sure!! The staff was soo nice and helpful. We will definitely be back!
5	Situated right by the lobby/reception area inside Aria, didn't really have whole lot of expectation. Just wanted to eat inside our hotel b4 headed out to B. Spears concert. Boy o Boy...was it a surprise!!!!!!! First off, it's Saturday night around 7pm, restaurant is jam packed yet we had our table on the dot. Servers were quick and delivery of food was timed perfectly. i loved EVERY dish...giving 5star (back-to-back) is not something i do lightly, i am pretty picky. This spot is fun, colorful and makes you happy and smiley just sitting. TVs located around so you don't miss out on a good game. Sauteed Foie Gras (pear was beautifully roasted, presentation is gorgeous)Mixed Seafood Ceviche with shrimp, white fish and octopus (not too sour, just right)Spicy Tuna on a cone (like ice-cream that melts in your mouth)Charcuterie platter (can you really get enough of this stuff, not me!)48 hours short ribs (to diiiiiie for, it is sweet and buttery)Flan (this is not the usual creme texture, i like it alot)Wine was flowing!Finished dinner at 8:30pm, just in time to catch a cab to the show...
5	It's conveniently located by the casino level close to the main lobby of the hotel - very contemporary and modern style/design. Perfect for grabbing quick small bites. Definitely has "delish" options in their menu. Don't eat there and not try their Sangria - so good.  Had an amazing dinner there and service was pretty good too. I will definitely recommend this. One of the best tapas style restaurant on the strip.
4	Second visit and always enjoy this restaurant and it's many tapa selections.  Sit at the bar and be entertained by Jeffrey, one of the bartenders.  He is one of the best around, upbeat and fun and full of suggestions.  The tuna cones are my favorite, but everything is tasty and presented very well.  Try the peach sangria!
5	Could not have imagined a better experience. Had prearranged a package that included unlimited sangria with one of the managers prior to our visit.  We let them choose the food.  So glad we did.  Food was amazing.  I couldn't believe the quantity and the quality of the food that kept coming out of the kitchen, including dessert. AND, our glasses were never empty.Service was exceptional, from the manager to the bussers.  I can't wait to go back
5	Love it, Love it, Love it.  Much better than the competition and great atmosphere.  Quick tip, if you make reservations, be prepared to wait another 30 minutes on busy nights to get your table.  We ended up eating at the bar, which was way better as you can see each dish coming out of the kitchen.  The tuna tartare cones were unbelievable!  Must have!  They are literally tartare, avocado, and an array of goodies in a very small ice cream cone (like the size of your pinky).  You get four in an order and they deliver in every way!
3	We were excited to try Julian Serrano because of their ceviche and array of tapa menus! I ordered the mixed seafood ceviche- it was meh okay.  Nothing special.  Also the steamed the mussels that were pretty good.  The other girls ordered the spare ribs and mushroom risotto - nothing specatuclar :-(
1	The location is great, located inside right at one of the entries to Aria. The food overall is very mediocre. The soup was outstanding, we got both the seafood and mushroom. The entrees were sent back, the braised short ribs came out too overcooked and hard. The second reorder I got was just ok, I ordered fish which seemed fresh however did not measure up to a $30 price tag. My friend ordered ribs, which were awful. Dessert was ok, did not stack up to a high end restaurant. Overall I expected a much better experience. Service was average, one of the drinks ordered didn't come out, the dessert should have been comped.
4	This is an upscale tapas joint. Spicy meatballs were great. Good wine. Pricier than normal tapas.
5	Weekend in Vegas with the wife, teenage kids and another family.  Looking for something different - tired of over-the-top steakhouses and big-name chefs.  Someone told us about Julian Serrano. "Never heard of it!" I said -- 'lets check it out". So glad we did!!  Great experience.  Got us seated promptly, courteous staff.  Our waiter advised a few dishes, took him up on a few and tried a few others that we found interesting.  Loved it!!  Food was flavorful, medium sized dishes meant to be shared (tapas).  Adults really enjoyed, but the best testimonial was from our 18 year old, two 17 year olds and one 16 year old.  These kids have enjoyed fine dining in many locations around the world and they REALLY enjoyed the food and the experience.  My 16 year old boy said, "best meal he's had in Vegas" (after many trips!).  I'm hard to please and don't write reviews, but I felt compelled to let others know about this place.  Go there!
2	I have to give this place two stars. I have never had any tapas here that I've really enjoyed. Their drinks are delicious and have perfect balance so I will give them that. The service was excellent as well. I have come here twice now and tried a number of tapas on their menu. I never reviewed it last year when we came but this year we ordered, the Mediterranean bass which was my favorite out of our choices, we also ordered the chicken croquettes which were bland, and the spicy meatball which we didn't know would be fried. We stopped here because we were unhappy with our choices. I've had tapas here in Baltimore that have been 10x better and for half the price. I would not return to this restaurant.
3	Food is always delicious here. I had the romaine, albondigas and some mixed paella. However, the albondigas came an hour late, the paella came out 1.5 hours late, after repeatedly it asking our server. The manager made up for it. We weren't charged for the dishes.
1	Dinner was fine. Service was the worst possible. They seated us in a tight area and the servers kept bumping our chairs. I requested the first server to walk around if possible and he kindly obliged. half hour later and a second waiter bumped me. I requested him to now walk around as well if possible. And he doesn't say anything. He comes back 2 minutes later and say excuse me and then nearly smack me in the head trying to get by again. I ask him to come over and he ignores me.  Then he starts getting loud and says I'm going to call the manager. Was really not sure what he was threatening me with. Manager comes over, realizes that we have already paid our bill, quickly apologizes and then walks away. The worst service ever in an unnecessarily pricey restaurant. Couldn't figure out how to do zero stars.
5	I have always been a fan of Firefly and Jaleo, but will never go back after diving at Julian Serrano. Price is comparable to Jaleo buy portions are twice the size. My gf and I had 5 tapas,  cheese and charcuterie boards, and  3 martins. After gratuity and tax the meal was $150. Not bad at all. I was so full. Staff was attentive and prompt. No complaints. I'll be going back.
5	This is a really fun Spanish Tapas style restaurant. It has slight influences from the micro gastronomy movement. Just try the avocado canneloni, seafood ceviche, lobster gazpacho, huevos estrellados, and you will realize for yourself that this place is not hard to love. This being Vegas, the restaurant has really glamorous decor with mosaic tiled bathroom being a highlight.
5	The food was so yummy!!! Loved the Oxtail and white fish ceviche. Did not like the fried chicken... We also had a pitcher of Sangria... Tasted amazing too... It's on the pricer side but def worth it. The ambience is so great and the waiters are friendly.
5	my fav restuarant..i eat there at list once a week and i love it!
3	4 for the food.  2 for the service.  Gipsy kings cliche.  White ceviche very good.  Patatas bravas tomato & potato good, the 1/2 cup of aioli (mayonnaise) was nasty - unless you love eating spoonfuls of mayo I would suggest having it on the side.  Chorizo bites recommended.  Chocolate molten cake very good but found the accompanying sorbet a strange match, wouldn't be my first choice.  Quite loud.  Comfy seating.  Amateur, distracted, condescending service, too many tables, flustered saying be right back and then would get sidetracked.  Did not know about comp program, and seemed pissed we were asking about it .  Food came out very quickly, within minutes.Would try again hoping for better service.
5	I went there for my bday dinner and I CANNOT tell you how good everything was! The Pan Manchego was insane!!! Just order it, you will not be sorry. My favorite was the beet and manchego tapas plate that came on skewers and tasted out of this world! I loved the presentation and was so surprised that the cheese was melted on the inside but the breading on the outside was perfectly cooked...incredible!
5	Went for lunch today with high expectations and was not disappointed.  Three of us had tapas and they were all very tasty and the staff was great.  In order of preference, we tried-- Tuna raspberry skewer.  This dish is in all the promotional material for the restaurant and that actually made me concerned it was just hype, but it was great.  Tuna was perfect, and even the raspberry had a unique flavor.--  Dates stuffed with pancetta, goat cheese and tomato marmalade.  Great combination of flavors.--  Seared scallops.  Scallops were done perfectly and presentation was beautiful.--  Grilled NY steak with Japanese eggplant.  The eggplant made the dish.--  Baby back ribs.  The weakest of the dishes, solid ribs but nothing special.
5	Omg! THE BEST tapas restaurant I've ever been to in my life! Period. Def miss it since I'm eastcoasting but will go everytime we stay at the Aria!
3	Shady continued his trek across Aria eateries stopping by Serrano for round 2 of four in one evening. As should be noted in his reviews, Shady has had an affection for the spanish/tapas style eateries as of late. The choices here for Shady and EXTREMELY lucky guest for the evening as we sat at the bar were the short rib tapas as well as the mixed seafood ceviche. Short ribs were like butter and are a typical Shady go-to and they did not disappoint. The ceviche was good as well, but a touch lacking. Maybe the "mixed" seafood just blended all the flavors together but it seemingly lacked a punch. Nonetheless, Shady and Co. stepped out for round 3 of the night-Sirio
5	Despite a lot of large parties from the convention that was going on, we were seated right away with no wait. I was quite impressed. It's my favorite place to eat. The ambiance is interesting since it's somewhat open to the lobby at Aria.Our server didn't seem too happy when he was taking our order and when we asked him questions about the menu or if we needed anything, his answers were all very curt.However, the food is delicious. Since it's all small portions, it's easy to try different things from the menu and also portion things out depending on how hungry you are. I had the traditional spanish chicken croquetas which were so good. Perfectly breaded and crispy on the outside, warm and moist on the inside. The Spanish Iberico Sliders were also amazing. The combination of iberian pork with the ground beef was perfect and complimented each other really well. Too bad there were only two in an order because I wanted more. My friends ordered the lobster salad, grilled flat iron steak, and the fried calamari which they all enjoyed.Despite the service not being so great and a little slow, I'm still gonna give Julian Serrano five stars. The server was probably just having an off day. He was nice enough to split our checks three ways which was much appreciated since it made paying a lot easier for us. The food is always delicious and I will definitely go back again.
4	good tapas place! service is..okay.. depends on the server I guess, but food is great. Since portions are small, you can try different kinds of dishes.I usually get about 8-9 plates for 3 people, but don't expect to be full!A party of 2, 3, or 4 is good. No more than 4...
5	This restaurant ranks up there with some Tapas I had in San Diego. Service was prompt and food was flavorful. We had sangria, gambas, lobster, calamari, charcuterie, and potatoes. It was all warm and fresh and full of flavor. The gambas and potatoes were a little spicy. The calamari was fresh and toasty. The charcuterie was great except no cheese is included or bread. I went back a second time because I liked the gambas so much.  Also Had bonless chicken wings with garlic wrapped in toasted bread topped with spinach and red peppers the best. Also spanish egg tortilla. And ceviche was very fresh. Loved decor and service. Very unique tastings and paella offerings.It is  a little pricey but you are paying for quality food. Definitely highly recommended if you are into Tapas.
4	Fantastic food! Questionable other aspects: the server was less than attentive, annoyed when I asked him to come back after I had to look at the wine list again after my chosen wine was unavailable and finally... the 'sticky' chairs (which we found out later was actually paint because they touched them up before dinner service). With all of that said, the food was tremendous and there was a lot of great and unique items to choose from.
5	I am from Spain and I am a foodie.   This place rocks.  Six stars out of five.  Better than sex (almost).  I would write details, but I gotta get back to the food.
3	Chose this restaurant because of the reviews online and by the number of people in the restaurant at 9:30 thought we made a good choice but unfortunately, found the food to be just ok.  It was odd but everything was kind of bland.  Maybe we didn't have enough to drink or maybe it was because my body thought it was 12:30 but we didn't enjoy it as much as others seemed to be enjoying it.  We had a broad selection of menu items, 6 if i recall so should have found one to impress us but alas, did not.
3	The food was great, the service was wonderful as our server Donovan really took care of us. Our only issue was the rude hostess at the front. Upon arrival we were only given the option of sitting at the bar. After questioning the hostess we realized that if we waited 10 minutes, tables would be available. Really weird situation. Not welcoming at all. Hostess should be retrained or even fired. If management is reading this, it was the women of Asian decent on 06/23/2014 at around 8:20 pm working the hostess desk at the front.
2	3 stars for the food. 1 star for the service. Food was not bad. Not as good as it was 2 years ago. Lamb chops were ordered medium arrived closer to well done.  Soups were served at room temperature.food arrives all at once, and the waiters make no attempt to clear a spot on your table. They stand around expecting you to move food around and move dishes for them.Plates used are also ridiculously large for tapas.  3 plates and your table is overwhelmed.don't get me wrong everyone was courteous and friendly but I didn't come here to be smiled at and make friends.  Used to be a standout Vegas restaurant, now it's just another aging Vegas hasbeen.
5	Wow. Delicious creative menu. Every dish is top quality.  About as good as it gets in this space. Will absolutely, definitely return. Recommend: tuna cones, yellowtail tiradito.
4	Great food and service. We got tapas y paella and It was delicious. It was a litlle bit noisy but the food worth it. 100% recommended.
4	Came here on a Wednesday night and it was pretty packed but we got a table immediately. We ordered a variety of dishes and we asked for recommendations first. Our food came out real quick but the table next to us, who got there before us, wasn't having such good luck. Cod on asparagus- blandBone marrow-delicious, tenderBeef and cheese- beef was a little chewy, I didn't like the taste of the beef and cheese together, tasted alittle gameyDuck confit- the duck and sweet potatoes complimented each other quite wellSalmon truffle -the salmon in the truffle sauce was deliciousI would definitely come back and try different dishes, they have alot of options on their menu.
5	My favorite Resturant in Las Vegas Food is amazing!! Great atmosphere, friendly staff. Ask for Robert for a wine recommendation he's the best!!
4	It wasn't too busy for a Monday night, made reservations ahead of time so we were seated within seconds. Service was good although the waiter seemed as if he were just being nice because it was his job so that was a turn off. The good was excellent! From the seafood tapas to the vegetarian to the meat, everything was cooked to perfection. The churro dessert is also amazing. You honestly can't go wrong with anything that you order.
4	Really dig the open patio style seating that Julian Serrano has going on.Since we had a group of 5, we ordered the regular sized Mixed Paella to start since it was going to take awhile, and just ordered a bunch of tapas to share.  Even though on the menu it shows the paella's portion is for two, with all the tapas we ordered, turned out to be a smart choice.  The paella came loaded with seafood.  Paella's tasty and it definitely hit the spot for us.  Can't really compare to "authentic" paella, but for what it is, pretty good!  One of my friend mentioned that the seafood wasn't as fresh as it could be, which is understandable since Vegas is in the middle of the desert haha.  My only knock on it would probably be the super small lobster tail.As for the tapas, there were a few standouts.  The Black Rice is my favorite: squid Ink rice/risotto with calamari and lobster, with a heavy touch on garlic, which I liked.  Others that stood out were the White Ceviche, which was refreshing, and the Apple Foie, which is a mini apple roasted with a chunk of foie in the middle.  C'mon.The Fresh Calamari a la Plancha was a surprise.  Essentially grilled calamari, but done perfectly.  The Beef Tartare here has an interesting presentation.  Tasty too to match the good looks. Pan Tomate was a disappointment and didn't care much for the Stuffed Piquillo Peppers.  We ordered a pitcher of red sangria to share, which was good for about 8-9 glasses.  Solid solid sangria.Seating was a bit awkward when I was checking in for my reservation.  There was a group of Chinese tourists in front of us and the host must've thought we were together so didn't pay any attention until I grabbed her attention.  Besides that, service was fantastic.  Our server was fantastic... but unfortunately forgot his name.
3	Ordered $39 for an ounce and a half of Pata Negra w raw tomato and 4 slices of ciabatta. I understand it's acorn fed and meant to be delicious, but SHIT!  $10+ for dates wrapped in bacon covered in more sweet shit.. Stiff undercooked rice advertised as creamy mushroom risotto. menu sounded delicious. New York.. tasted sous vide..? Please trim the excess silver skin before cooking.  Might want to retrain your cooks. Ambience was great. Kind of empty. Staff was friendly if that floats your boat for a great restaurant.
5	Best place I've eaten in Vegas so far. Great food and great service. Everything we had was tasty, but highlights were the Tuna/raspberry and the duck confit. The rice pudding dessert was a must have. Best part of the meal. The service was attentive, but relaxed. As a woman paying the bill when dining with two men, I appreciated that the server actually looked at the name on the credit card and handed it back to me for signatures. The only drawback to this place is that it is very loud, with a dance music backdrop, so if you aren't up for that ambiance you should consider going elsewhere.
4	Can't beat the location.  Prime people watching place. Our meal was great. Man, the Espana's really love the quality of their sauces.  I really liked the different cheese platter menu too.  Overall, a great place with different type of Espana food.  Good for groups. Can make this a light fare if you are planning to party later.
5	Absolutely love this place, from the ambience to the delicious dishes! The pitchers of sangria along with tasty Brava potatoes and tuna cones are a must try!  Our server Yoshi took great care of us. I recommend this place to anyone that comes to vegas!
4	This is the first restaurant I've been to in Vegas that wasn't a buffet, earls or pizza. And I have to tell everyone who have only been to those places to branch out and try some of the fine dining vegas has to offer.I was staying in Aria and it was my friend's birthday so we decided to splurge a little bit on a celebration dinner. We had 8 people with us and we were able to get seated right away with our reservation. The first thing our waiter recommended to us was the sangria. That definitely did not disappoint - it was strong enough to get me buzzed with just two glasses.We got a variety of dishes:1. Raspberry Tuna - SO GOOD. it wasn't overwhelmingly fishy and the raspberry added a nice texture. The presentation was nice too. (comes in 4)2. Creamy Risotto - this was probably the best dish of the night. Everyone on yelp raves about this dish, and it was my favorite. Super filling and enough for 4 people to share (unless you're a manly man that eats whole cows for dinner, then you may need 4 plates).3. Lobster noodle dish - not sure what it was called, but I didn't particularly like this one. Reminds me of chow mein done wrong.4. Seafood ceviche - Delicious! recommended for anyone who likes ceviche, can't really say too much about it other than it was good.5. Ox Tail - i was pleasantly surprised about this one! so good and rich, a good meat dish since we ordered mostly seafood.A thing to note is that these are tapas and the portions are small. We paid about 40 dollars a person which I felt was really affordable with the quality of food and presentation. I was also pretty full after the meal - wasn't stuffed, but who wants to be if they're planning on going out for the rest of the night.
5	Everything I ordered from here was delicious.  Our waiter was awesome too bad I forgot his name.  Tapas are the way to go if you don't feel like having a big meal before you head out to a show or club.
4	They have a vegan and vegetarian menu which is GREAT!Good food, great service.  The standout was the spanish/vegetarian pizza thing.  That dish was unique and delicious (it was like a moulette).  The rest of the dishes were solid.  Nothing stood out ( I had mostly vegetarian options like patatas bravas and veggies).  The only disappointment was the the green peppers--the oil they used just didn't add enough good flavor.  These are my favorite tapas so I've had them at a lot of places and these were just not up to the standards of other places.Overall, each dish was good but only one was special.I did not like the Sangria that much.  Service was great.I would come back here when I come back to town but not sure I'd recommend it as a must go to.
4	Love this place. MANY items to choose from. We opted for tapas instead of large dishes but next time we'll be trying a paella (be aware it takes 40 minutes to prepare if you order one).we had:-croquettas (probably the best thing we had. just delicious sweetness. They have a happy hour where you can buy them for $4 instead of $10)-gambas (basically shrimp in a spicy sauce....the one dish i could have gone without. The shrimp seemed overcooked and dry....and that's even with the sauce)-calamari (my wife had this and loved it. I'm not a huge calamari guy so i passed. She's very picky about calamari and thought it was a solid dish)-bombas (pork and beef meatball. Be aware these are SPICY. Delicious though. And the sauces? please. I still have dreams about it)-pistachio tart dessert (omg....this was so much better than we expected it to be. you MUST try it. it's not even like a tart. It's more like a very thin cake. Just incredible. I could have eaten 4 more.Definitely worth a try. There were maybe 10 other things we wanted to try. It would be a perfect place to try with a big group because you could try almost everything on the menu.
5	Amazing food. Must try the beef tartar and the squid ink. Wish I could go right now!
4	Excellent option for happy hour (4pm - 5:30pm) in the Aria! Get that sparkling sangria for $5. Good stuff. The happy hour dishes aren't huge by any means, but we ordered 4 dishes & that was a good enough start to our evening (3 people) so we could get to gambling and eat a late dinner!
5	I love their paella! And I am very happy with their food! The foie gras (in the middle of a mini apple) is just fantastic and it melt in you mouth!I will definitely come back!
1	What a disappointment!  Expected so much from Serrano.  Service was shoddy and inept.  Food that we ordered was forgotten -- and what we did get was delivered to the table in an incredibly disorganized/haphazard fashion.  And the food was pretty much flavorless and dried out.
5	Amazing tapas in Las Vegas! Pricey but well worth it. Make sure to get the lamb chop, a pitcher of the white sangria and the the ahi tuna tapas. Everything we ate was amazing and the atmosphere was really great. Will be back next time in Vegas!
4	Service was wonderful! Food was tasty!Had the paella and it fed me and the wife no problem. Price wasn't bad too, for Vegas.
5	Came here for Sunday lunch during Restaurant Week. Courteous staff, got seated right away. No issue with our toddler as they had high chairs available. The $30 lunch menu was very satisfying. For starters we had the Wild mushroom soup and Lobster gazpacho. The latter is good for those who like sour flavors and can enjoy cold soup like me. We also got their Calamari which was perfect with the aioli sauce. For the main course we had Rib-eye steak and Garlic chicken. Both had ample servings (considering this is a tapas place) and good flavor. The Flan with raspberry cream and Santiago's almond cake with Turon ice cream were perfect desserts to cap the meal. Overall very happy with experience and very good value for your money.
4	I like the large selection of tapas.  My husband and I tried many several different plates, 1-2 from each section.  Favorites are deep dried artichoke and the foie gras.  The deep fried beignets (bunuelos) were delicious!
4	It is so good to see tapas come to the strip. Small plates are trending now in a lot of restaurants. Small plates means people can eat and share more different foods. The variety of it all is what attracts me. I'm not coming here to just eat my meat and potatoes. I can have a little bit of this, a little of that, and in the end of it all, I had a bite of more that what I would normally have in a single day. Julian Serrano made his mark with Masa's Restaurant in San Fransisco. Opening Picasso in Las Vegas in the Bellagio, his Vegas restaurant was the recipient of 2 Michelin stars and a AAA Five Diamond Award. With all these accolades, it was time for Julian Serrano to venture out into other things. Looking at the trends of restaurants and being of Spanish decent, tapas was an obvious choice. I like tapas because you can order a lot of food at one time, and this we did.The brava potatoes was a popular item so we started off with these. They were small nuggets of fried potatoes - the outside was golden and crispy, and the inside was fluffy. The spicy tomato puree on top was a nice acidic sauce. The aioli sauce on top was fatty and smooth -- It all was a nice combination. Stabbing these fried nuggets with a skewer, the sauce had a perfect taste and balance for the potatoes. I would order these again. They were simple and delicious.The grilled angus flat iron steak was a nice accompaniment to the potatoes. Cooked to a perfect medium rare, the steak was meaty and had a nice chewy consistency -- kind of like flank steak. The japanese eggplant was a unique condiment, and the mushroom demi-glace gave it a nice earthy note. It was a perfect cut of meat and the flavors worked nicely.It seems like every tapas restaurant has stuffed dates. The one at Julian Serrano was mediocre in my opinion. Though the dates were huge, almost too big, all the other ingredients were missing. The almond was barely noticed, and the wrapping of the applewood bacon was lost. With the panko crusted fried exterior, the flavors were kind of single noted, even when dipped in the spicy piquillo pepper sauce. Maybe the dates large size gave it too much of a sweet taste, but the saltiness of the bacon could have been more pronounced.Yeah, the brava potatoes were delicious, but more fried potatoes couldn't hurt. The huevos estrellados had a bed of fried topped with imported spanish pork chorizo and eggs. The egg was cooked perfectly. With a crispy outline and egg yolk running everywhere, this dish was very rich. Each fork full had fries drenched in a mix of chorizo grease and egg yolk. The pork chorizo had a nice mellow flavor with a little kick of spice -- terrific. with all this grease and pork, I began to think this is a perfect hang over cure in Las Vegas.Looking for a carb load other than potatoes, we ordered the creamy risotto. This was a nice risotto, though the rice was a little too undercooked. Maybe 30 seconds longer on the fire would have made it perfect. Better to be a tad undercooked that overcooked, I guess. Other than the texture, this was delicious. The wild mushrooms gave it a nice grounded flavor. The shaving of aged manchego cheese worked perfectly with the mushrooms. Manchego, my new favorite cheese, has a resemblance and taste profile of truffles. The rich earthy flavor worked perfectly with the rice. I just wished there was more of it.Finally, we ordered the beef and cheese. Looking for more meat in our tapas, we figured this would be a perfect candidate. The prime tenderloin cooked to a perfect medium rare was soft as butter. Manchego cheese was on top and the dish was amazing. Topped with the honey and pecans, the sweetness kind of killed my savory steak experience. My mind was confused -- was this a steak or was it dessert? Though it didn't taste all that bad, the off putting sweetness of the honey was surprising. All in all, the meat was soft and buttery, and I preferred this over the flat iron.Julian Serrano was an amazing experience. Tapas is gaining popularity -- it lets you try so many things! Be careful though, you can easily get carried away and run up the bill. Celebrity chef Julian Serrano knows what he is doing. When you are talking about chefs in California, he is the best around, and possibly in the nation. It was great to try his food in such a casual atmosphere. When you are in Vegas, you want to eat nice and splurge. At Julian Serrano, you can feel like you are splurging on a nice meal, but not pay over the top prices. The atmosphere is warm and elegant as is the food. Tapas is on the strip, and it's at Julian Serrano.
3	Decent tapas, excellent service, and a fun energetic atmosphere. Came here for my sister-in-laws birthday celebration, and everyone had a good time. Unfortunately I cant really give them a great rating because the food was just average to good at best. We ordered a large variety of tapas and none of them really stood out. The white sangria wasn't really that good, a lot of ice, not much fruit, and not very strong. I still had fun, but it had a lot more to do with the company that I was with rather than the restaurant we were at.
5	Loved this restaurant - definitely a fantastic option for lunch or dinner in Vegas. Moderately priced, the tapas is delicious - I would recommend 3-4 dishes per person, for sharing with others. The white anchovies and mixed seafood ceviche  were my personal favourites! Also try the cocktails - again, beautiful, plus they sure do pack a punch! Recommend making a reservation.
4	Very good experience here! The ambiance is great, the food is Tapas style and yummy, and the service is good as well! The drinks in specific are PHENOMENAL!
3	Saw good Yelp reviews so thought being that we were staying nearby give it a shot for dinner. However, sooo thoroughly disappointed. Service was mediocre fromFinish to end as staff seemed more preoccupied with bigger tables ( we were only a table for 2)....found also food to be decent as tuna / raspberry skewers were rather bland in taste. We followed up with the potatoes which were no better than any home style fries you'll get at any local breakfast eatery...we thought to give it another try with stuffed peppers with goat cheese and received 2 small peppers. I understood the overall concept of it being a tapas place but overall quite average and nothing special of note for me to encourage others to go......
4	Was happy to see tapas in Vegas.  We arrived and were seated immediately and welcomed by Donovan our server for the evening.  We started with a martini (berry) don't remember the name and a bottle of wine. Both were delicious and there was a great wine and drink selection.  My husband and I order one tapas each because we knew we wanted for order the paella.  We started with a cheese plate and tuna carpaccio, both very flavorful.  We then ordered the mixed paella, which is by far enough for two.  The seafood was plentiful and included mussels, shrimp, fish, and chorizo.  The rice flavor was wonderful and not overbearing.    The seafood flavors still shined through.  Donovan was an excellent server, very attentive and pleasant, I recommend you ask for him when you dine there.  If you like paella, you can't go wrong at Julian Serrano!!  Enjoy!
5	Was in Vegas for a work conference at Aria. Made reservations for 15 here a month or so in advanced. They called ahead to confirm and had everything ready when we got there. It's really convenient if you are staying at the Aria, Cosmo or any casino nearby. Had a couple drinks at the bar while waiting for the whole party - bartenders were friendly and attentive.Now...for the dinner. We got the Chef's tasting for all of us along with some wine and cocktails. Ummm BEST decision ever - the food was amazing. There were around 6-7 sharable dishes and 3 types of desserts at the end. I have to say that EVERYTHING was amazing. Some of my particular favorites were the scallops, short rib, risotto and oxtail. For dessert, the Churros and almond cake were...amazing. I really think this is one of the best restaurants I've tried. The food is super flavorful and inventive. I literally closed my eyes and said "MMMM" several times during the meal. It's a great dining experience for a group - I love variety and sharing plates...makes it a great group experience. Will DEFINITELY go back when I'm Vegas. I am drooling just thinking about it.
5	The service, food, setting, and whole experience was great. The food is spectacular and the hosts are friendly. Not to mention the wait time for the food is quick. Overall it's an amazing restaurant and I recommend it to anyone, especially if you like tapas.
3	Was pretty good but not great. We had a few different items that were hit or miss.  Other places I'd rather eat at in Vegas.- Tuna rasberry skewer - 4/5 - awesome presentation and flavor was pretty good- White ceviche - 3/5 stars - needed salt and flavor. I've had much better elsewhere- Gambas 4/5 stars - one of the better dishes- Black rice 4/5 stars - very flavorful- Sliders 3/5 stars - pass, didn't care for these at all- Bacon wrapped dates - 5/5 awesome- Spicy meatballs 3/5 - Good, not great
5	Delicious tapas!! Tapas are perfect for me because I like to try a lot of different dishes, but have a small stomach :(We had the following:Seafood paella - meant for sharing! They make a certain amount depending on the number of people in your party. We had a huge plate. It tasted alright. Very flavorful but nothing too amazing.  Duck confit - love the presentation. The duck itself was a little dry, not too fond of the citrusy flavor. Not my fav. Seared scallop - my favorite of the night. Packed full of flavor and was seared perfectly. Oxtail - my friend said it tasted like a Cinnabon..in a good way. I'm not sure about that.. But it was delicious. Had a hoisin flavor too it, and was wrapped in a pastry. The meat was soft. Mushroom risotto - tasty and flavorful. No complaints here. Probably my second favorite. white ceviche - fish was fresh. Thought it was interesting how they used taro chips instead of the usual. Yum. Red sangria was also amazing. I want to drink a whole jug, please. Minus the paella, the total bill for two people came out to be around $80. I thought it was well worth it for a fun and tasty dinner in Vegas!!
3	Tasty tapas. Some came in different numbered and sized servings, which made sharing challenging. Servings listed in parentheses below. In order from favorite to least: Brava potatoesAlbondigas (4) - wonderful sauce that would go well with a basket of breadFried Calamari (3) - perfectly breaded, with a small pepper on each skewerCreamy Risotto - mushrooms and manchego Tuna cones (3) Lobster salad - ruby red dressing, beautiful, but lacked more contrasting ingredientsSome plates required a communal fork and knife to work through, and definitely could not be shared among more than three. Duck salad  - looks more like an oblong scotch egg until you cut into it. Crispy and flavorful, with lightly dressed greensBaby back ribsDrinks were solid. I had a tequila and prickly pear puree cocktail that was refreshing and tangy. It would have been nice to have been informed before we ordered of the number of servings in each item. Suggestions would have been welcome from our server, but he seemed a bit frazzled serving our group of 5. Dishes that we enjoyed as a group were fairly standard restaurant appetizers. I was looking forward to being surprised by the seafood and ribs, but that was not the case. 3.5 stars
4	I have eaten here once before and had such a great experience, I just had to come back.  I started out with the roasted apple stuffed with foie gras, which was my favorite of the night.  It had a nice blend of sweet and savory and the nuts added some nice texture.Next, I had the seared scallops which were cooked perfectly.  Well executed, although not particularly innovative.I had the short ribs which were a little bit undercooked this time around (the last time I ate here, it was perfectly cooked and tender).  The flavors still were great and the mashed sweet potatoes matched the short ribs well.I tried the molten chocolate cake with blood orange sorbet.  I like the contrast in temperatures and the presentation was nice as well with the chocolate cake in one corner, while the sorbet occupied the diametric opposite corner, bridged by a stripe of chocolate.The service was ok, but the nice variety of high quality small plates made this a wonderful experience.
4	During a recent stay at Aria, I did one thing that I NEVER thought I would do while staying at a hotel... I never left the property once during my 3 day stay. I don't know about you, but that is unheard of for me, especially in Vegas. I'm all about the hotel hopping and restaurant at this hotel and this other hotel. With that said, Julian Serrano was one of the reasons I never left the property. I simply did not need to. I came here for the lunch three-course menu, which I concluded was an AMAZING deal and steal. If you want to try this place out, but are wary about the heavy price tag, come for lunch. It was $19 for a three course meal. My three courses was the Wild Mushroom Soup, Rib Eye Steak w/ fries and the Santiago's Cake. I really enjoyed the rich and earthy soup and the rib eye was cooked very nicely and served with thinly cut and crispy fries. The cake was surprisingly delightful and I preferred it over the flan that they offer. Our waiter was very friendly and checked up on us several times. He also gave us some sangria mini samples and informed us of the happy hour they have daily 4-5:30 which includes sangria and app specials!Overall, a good bang for your buck, especially for being at Aria and I'll be sure to come back for their happy hour!
4	everything about this place is good. from the service to their tapas and their  drinks
5	Repeat customer here ! Very nice atmosphere great host and server grilled Lamb chops is AWESOME! Also had Gambas A La Plancha , Gampas , Mariscada , Atlantic Cod , Mixed Seafood Ceviche n Seared Scallap... Dessert Santiagos Cake all AWESOME !
4	So I've gotten accustomed to ordering the same thing every time I visit here. The sangria is a standard for me, red please! It's not real sangria unless it's red...sorry. I wanted something different this time so I ordered shrimp al ajillo (garlic). Woww...not bad but really spicy and killed the flavor of the shrimp. Tone it down a little. I did eat it though. It was flavorful. The mixed ceviche, not flavor whatsoever. My background is South American and it lacked salt and flavor. I sent it back. So I ordered the usual my anchovy fillets. Delish and fresh. The service was impeccable. The bartender who speaks Spanish and has worked there awhile is excellent and friendly. They all are friendly. I love coming here. They also have a happy hour menu with 1/2 price sangria during certain hours.
3	$6 for a side of mashed potatoes at lunch? No thanks. Especially since our waiter told me the short ribs came with them. Portions are tiny...it is a tapas place, but the prices are just ridiculous. I left their hungry with a $48 tab and that didn't include alcohol. Pretty place and food but skip if you're looking for substance and bang for your buck.
2	The food is all cold :(  and bland D:   The only reason for 2 stars is that the servers are nice...
4	Great tapas and good service .Some people from Spain was a little bit disappointed about the food because It was a little bit hot ,but for me was good.(The only thing that was weird  was the huevos rotos,They should to use another kind of potato ).I Will be back next time in Vegas .
2	If the food wasn't memorable, how many stars is it worth?That is the question here.  Reality is, I can only remember liking three things at Julian Serrano...the Red Sangria...Roasted Peppers stuffed with Goat cheese and Cinnamon Hot chocolate in some form.I ordered much more, but can only remember that everything looked much prettier and fancier than it tasted.  Nothing was bad, but nothing was great.I wouldn't return.
3	As I was driving to Vegas for my vacation, I was contemplating on dining options and suddenly thought of Julian Serrano. Julian Serrano is a great alternative to the multi-course restaurants in Vegas, and here are the reasons that I may revisit the restaurant: 1) If you are looking for a good place to grab lunch and do not want to wait in line, this is the restaurant for you. 2) The waiter knows the menu well and points out food for our friends who have dietary restrictions. 3) The food is simple and arrives on your table quickly. However, I have decided to give the restaurant only three stars because of the following reasons:1) Although the restaurant is not full, it takes a long time before the host takes notice of us.2) The food is good but not great. Having had the tapas in Purple Pig and Girl and the Goat in Chicago, my friends and I are not impressed with the food at Julian Serrano. 3) The restaurant lacks vegetarian options. If you are a vegetarian, I would recommend you visiting Jean Philippe next doors.If you were me, would you visit Julian Serrano again?
1	My girlfriend and I were very excited to dine here but the food turned out to be appallingly bad, especially for the price. One of our dishes was described as eggs with chorizo on top of fried potatoes. The eggs were bland and mushy, the chorizo had the taste and texture of mediocre hot dog meat, and this restaurant actually had the gall to serve these things on top of pre-made french fries for $11. The other wildly overpriced "tapas" were consistently ill-conceived, poorly cooked, under-seasoned, or some combination thereof. I have never been actively insulted by food before, so the dining experience was unique in that respect. Julian Serrano should be ashamed. Avoid this place if you like food at all and have even a modicum of self-respect.
4	During a 3 night stay in Vegas, went here for dinner twice. The first night had the cheese plate, lamb skewer, beef and cheese, and mozzarella heirloom tomato. Beef and cheese was definitely the best...the jus was amazing and the beef was extremely tender. Ordered the lamb after hearing good things. Out skewer was over cooked and had a lot of fat. Went back another night just so we could order the beef and cheese again. Also ordered tuna raspberry skewer, creamy risotto, oxtail, and sliders. Everything was delicious. The risotto was the best I've ever had and the oxtail was melt in your mouth fantastic. Finished the meal off with the molten lava cake and blood orange sorbet. Usually I find when orange and chocolate are combined, one over powers the other. But this dessert was a great balance.Overall this place is great. Smaller portions but food is delicious. Highly recommended if you're staying at the aria or are close by.
5	Went here for a friend's birthday. Ordered beef and cheese, oxtail, short ribs, calamari, veal, and chorizo. I have to say the oxtail was the best. The servings are smaller so you can try different dishes. Would definitely recommend others to go here and will be bringing my parents here on the next visit
5	Amazing tapas dining! Some of the best food we've had on the strip. Great wine selection with very knowledgable servers. Will def go back!! Try the lamb!
4	Come for: white ceviche, tuna cones, scallops, creamy risotto, potato bravas, chicken croquettas, apple foie gras, strip steak, seafood paella, paella SerranoSkip: crab and avocado, short ribs, ox tail, artichokes, baby back ribsGreat service. All their food is solid thigh if I had limited choices, I would follow the list I mentioned. The only thing I wish they cooked their paella a little more so that the rice can get a nice crisp.
5	Incredible and outstanding. Every plate we ordered was delicious. Service was on point. Can't wait to come back the next time I'm in Vegas. Don't miss out.
4	Solid effort here in Aria.  The sommelier here is particularly amazing.  All the dishes here are pretty good, with my favorites being the short ribs and the fried potatoes.  Paella here is decent, but definitely not authentic.  It lacks the crispy bottom, except for the very edges.  However, what is really noteworthy is the sommelier here can recommend you some excellent Spanish whites and reds are very good prices.  You will so better with the wines price wise than drinking sangria, especially since you are getting cheap reds with the sangria.  Ask for wine recommendations here.  The food is pretty good, but definitely come here for the wine.  Lastly, excellent service!  Just a wonderful and bubbly staff.
4	**Review for Restaurant Week 2014**The 3 course lunch for $20.14 was solid.  We had the lobster gazpacho which was refreshing and perfect for August.  The lobster was a lowlight in the soup.  The texture just seemed off to me but the flavor of the soup was amazing.I had the salmon which was a small portion but could not have been cooked any more perfectly with the crispy skin and buttery flesh.  My dining partner had the rib eye which was depressingly small and came with french fries that weren't terribly exciting but were cooked just right.  For dessert they ran out of the cake option so we both had flan which was good but I bet the cake would have been better.
1	I very rarely give any place one star but this was an extremely disappointing dining experience. If it wasn't for it being restaurant week I definitely would have complained. But the proceeds were going to three square so I held my tongue. Let's start with the cheese platter my friend and I ordered... I'm no cheese expert but I have had my fair share of cheeses and actually have tried a few at different tapas restaurants. I kid you not I'm pretty sure the cheeses on this so called "Spanish cheese platter" were Brie, Swiss, Parmesan and some blue cheese. One small piece each at $16! Oh also, when the server dropped off our dishes, he didn't explain anything to us. Didn't bother to let us know the ingredients or describe the dishes to us whatsoever. My lobster gazpacho was just ok. Nothing bad but nothing special. Let's move onto my main course, crispy chicken... More like chicken fingers that had no seasoning and overly salty potato and chorizo on the bottom. Terrible. My friends pork chop was way over cooked. It was like eating jerky. The chocolate molten cake was good, the only thing good from the whole meal. If you want good tapas in Vegas... Go to Jaleo, hands down way better and worth the price.
4	Went with my fellow vegetarian beau for our first night in Vegas. The atmosphere was entertaining all by itself and the staff consistently helpful. After being told the mushroom soup could be prepared vegetarian, we proceeded to eat the most cozy mushroom soup ever. If you need Thanksgiving without Thanksgiving, go for the mushroom soup.  The marinated olives are probably the best olives I've ever eaten, and I snacked on them throughout the rest of the meal (also, I've never had a pickled garlic clove but those were delicious to eat whole, what's the secret?) The sauteed baby spinach was a bit mushy and wet for my taste and the asparagus nothing to write home about. The stuffed peppers were great.For dessert we got churros and Santiago's cake. I wish I could have had four scoops of the ice cream they put on that cake. The churros were just a pretty-good vehicle for the AMAZING spicy chocolate. Could have taken home a vat of that chocolate.The virgin sangria was refreshing as heck.
5	Our meal at Julian Serrano was fantastic. We were seated immediately with our 5:30 reservation, and the restaurant was pretty crowded by the time we left at 7pm. My wife and I had 7 different small plates, and all of them were good. As others have mentioned I wouldn't say I was exactly stuffed for our $150 tab, but everything we had was meticulously prepared and tasted great.Ahi Tempura - Fantastic! Perfectly red Ahi tuna with a very light tempura breading, just enough to give it a bit of a crunch. The avocado puree under the tuna, combined with the seaweed salad was amazing. 5 / 5Padron Peppers - Never had these before, and they were incredible. Crispy, light, and reminded me of eating green pepper flavored string potatoes. Not spicy at all as I originally expected but still excellent. I could eat plates and plates of these. 5 / 5Iberian Sliders - More like a two bite burger. Flavorful and salty because of the ham. Up until this arrived all we had were basically appetizers so this dish gave our meal some "weight". 4 / 5Creamy Mushroom Risotto - Very good, risotto had a bit of crunch to it. Manchego cheese added saltiness to it. About as good as risotto I've had elsewhere. Next time I'll try something different instead of getting this again. 3 / 5Goat cheese and sweet marmalade cake - This was fantastic. Very creatively constructed. Looked like a little work of art. 5 / 5Dessert was the churro with chocolate sauce - about the sum of it's parts. Chocolate sauce had a bit of a spicy pepper bite to it. 3 / 5  Service was great, drinks were decent, wine list was pretty good as well. Next time, I'll try out the paellas and some of the seafood tapas.
4	So we got a $50 daily food and beverage credit from the Aria daily.  We went twice and loved it both times.We had the Mix Paella.  It was full of lobster, mussels, shrimp, and chorizo.  It was cooked magnificently.  The saffron flavor came through.  It was a little small though for 2 people.The next time we went we had the Serrano Paella.  This paella had morcilla, baby back ribs, baby kale, & saffron rice.  The morcilla was flavorful.  And the ribs were so tender.  I never thought about adding kale to a paella.  But it worked.Finally we had the Chocolate Molten Cake.  Damn, it was so good!  The chocolate oozed out of the inside and was so delectable.  This is a very good place.  The next time we go we will try all of the tapas.
5	We hit happy hour 4-5:30. Got the dates, calamari, choriZo & tuna. The calamari was the best we have ever had so ordered another one! The happy hour sangria was delicious :) typically happy hour drink is 5-6 and tapas are 6.50.
3	This establishment gets a solid 3.5 starts. I came here on my trip to Vegas with my boyfriend. I was excited to try all the different tapas. While some of them were delicious, they were not as amazing as I would of liked them to be! The drinks were creative and delicious though.We got the: Spanish Iberico Sliders, Traditional Spanish Chicken Croquetas, Coca Vegetarian, Atlantic Salmon, and Flan! All were delicious, but not out of this world! I wish all the dishes had better flavors. Overall, really noisy ambiance, mediocre food, and okay service - I will probably not return on my next trip to Vegas!
4	So get my money on time, if they not money, declineI just can't worry 'bout no haters, gotta stay on my grindNow tell me, who that, who that? That do that, do that?Put that paper over all, I thought you knew that at...JULIAN SERRANO! - Iggy Azalea (fancy)I would normally never intentionally wait 40 mins for a paella in Vegas (where time is money). Since it was Labor Day weekend, we had more time and because I've walked by this place so many times, we finally decided to try this place for a late lunch. Most of the tapas were strong in flavor, including the steak, but the seafood paella stole the show. The lobster, clams, mussels, and shrimp all blended in together and its a dish we would never be able to replicate correctly at home so bravo! Dessert was also yummy.I'd recommend a paella and 2-3 tapas a person and you're good to go for a pleasant dining experience!
2	The restaurant is beautiful, service is good, the food is presented beautifully. We got the baby back ribs, White Sea bass, pan manchego, and stuffed dates. While the food looked delicious, the vast majority lacked substantial flavor- something tapas demands. When you charge as much as this restaurant does for tapas, I expected small plates packing a huge punch of flavor. My baby back ribs tasted almost freezer burnt with this somewhat too sweet sauce. The ribs were plated over marble potatoes which were bland themselves. My pan manchego was tasty but I think it'd be hard to screw up bread, tomatoes, and cheese. My husband did enjoy his stuffed dates which I found too sweet. He felt his bass was overcooked. Overall, very disappointing, overpriced meal.
5	Tapas 101:A glass of wine, a plate of tapas.A glass of wine, a plate of tapas.A glass of wine, a plate of tapas.Repeat until full.Siesta.Don't  be intimidated by the almost 100 selection menu.  Don't order more than one plate at a time (this isn't dim sum).Do take your time.  Savor the flavor of simply prepared, quality ingredients.While the kitchen excels at traditional tapas, do not pass the  tuna-raspberry skewer.  A multi sensory dish opening with the aroma of sesame and essence of raspberry, textural contrast of the silky cube of ahi against the seeds, the contrasting temperature of ingredients.  It just works.To the traditional.  Top props to the monkfish and pisto.  Beautifully pan seared, moist monkfish paired with a mix of eggplant, zucchini and tomato.  Vinegar adds a good acidic zing that brightens the flavor of the fish.  Excellent mixed seafood ceviche with perfectly "cooked" shrimp, white fish and octopus bathed in lime and cilantro.  Other standouts, gambas a la plancha (prepared head on; oh the head fat..), tender octopus whose oceanic flavor is heightened by the earthy paprika, calamari a la plancha simply dressed in olive oil, and a very simple plate o anchovy fillets.  Not into seafood?  Excellent rabo de toro (braised oxtail), falling off the bone, served with Iberian pork atop a very creamy, mashed potato, an excellent Iberian pork shoulder with it's deep, porky flavor, and a sublime plate of imported pata negra (ham from the black footed pig).  The hazelnuts of the pig's diet is very prominent in the complex flavor of the ham.Many repeat visits.  Service is consistently excellent; friendly and accommodating.  Very good wine list with well focused selection by the glass that pair well with the dishes.  Vegas resport pricing.Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.....
4	Excellent Tapas + Great drinks = GOOD TIMES!Went to Julian Serrano in July party of 4.My wife has severe food allergies so although we are self proclaimed "foodies" it is always difficult or down right scary for us to try new places but as soon as we arrived and explained the allergies to our server, we were assured that they will prepare everything for our table to make sure there is no cross contamination.we ordered a bunch of tapas form the menu including,  spanish iberico sliders 9/10, the meatballs 8/10, the pan tomate 10/10, patats bravas 7/10 and the "Bomba" 9/10 which are these bad boys here in the picture!BTW Yelp guys! the Menu on this page is currently linking to the wrong restaurant!Washed it all down with a pitcher of sangria which was a little too sweet for me but good nonetheless. Everything was very fresh and of the highest quality. we enjoyed our meal and the staff was very nice and helpful. We will definitely be back to try more of their menu offerings which could make my rating from 4/5 to a 5/5!
4	Came here this past weekend after being buffet-ed out in Vegas and wanted a bit more refined dining.  There was no wait for our party of five on Saturday at around 6, so I guess the trick is to come early because they were packed when we left around 8 or so.We ordered several dishes, including the crispy artichoke, foie gras, fried chicken wings, and the valenciana and serrano paellas.  The paellas could easily feed three people per serving, but they do take up to 40 minutes to make.  They were delicious!  The rice is moist and flavorful, and they don't scrimp on the ingredients here either (as they shouldn't because one paella is easily 40+ dollars).  Between the two, it's hard for me to decide which one I liked more, although the serrano was definitely appealing given the baby back ribs and fresh kale in the rice.  The fried chicken wings were easily my second favorite dish.  They were crispy on the outside, featured lots of meat on the bones, and were sweet and tangy in flavor.  This dish came recommended to us by our server, and it was a great pick.The crispy artichoke was good, although not super memorable.  I remember thinking that the "tapas" style seemed a bit odd given that the size of the plate and portions were quite large.  Not sure I'd order this again but would probably want to try another veg.The foie gras was quite delicate.  It's always a treat to be able to order this since you can no longer get it in California.  It came sandwiched between cooked apple slices that were a bit mushy too and a sweet sauce.  I'd probably get it again just because it's a treat!  Service:  This was a stand out.  Our server - Pedro - was friendly, efficient, and so helpful.  He liked to chat and joke with us, and overall made the dining experience really enjoyable.  Service:  Looking for a nice meal in Vegas and tired of all the buffets?  Check this Spanish tapas restaurant out.
5	I really enjoyed my dinner at this restaurant. It exceeded my expectations. For a busy restaurant to have professional and timely service is quite difficult yet Julian Serrano didn't skip a best. The food left my palate begging for more. From the appetizer to the desert you can appreciate how much detail they devote to the taste and presentation of the food. My suggestion is to try the lamb.
5	We ate at Julian Serrano in the Aria on a whim during our stay in Las Vegas. I really didn't know much about it other than it was Spanish food. As we entered the restaurant, the energy was electric. Many people obviously really enjoying themselves, waiters bustling to and fro, bars lined with people eating and drinking. We ordered several small plates and everything was fantastic.  Perfectly cooked and very flavorful.  Raw yellowtail wrapped around shredded crisp sweet potato was one of the greatest pieces of fish I've ever tasted. Amazing.  Gambas in a spicy tomato sauce was also super delicious. Perfectly cooked and so fresh.  Gazpacho with lobster also incredible. Rich and delicious.  Whitefish ceviche was also perfect: very citrusy but also balanced.  Even the olives were outstanding!  I can't say enough about how wonderful this meal was.  And not so very expensive either. We spent about $100 for two of us with two glasses of wine. Not bad at all for such great food in LV.
5	I was in Vegas Labor Day weekend and ate here twice. It was bomb both times. i loved it. I accidentally happen to go on the second day during happy hour and that was cool.the food is very good, small plates which i like. quality over quantity. You should try this place.
5	I had this restaurant on my list for several years and I finally got to try it couple of months ago.  The place was lively, cute and fun.  Got to try a lot of interesting items on the menu and loved everything.  The sangria was flowing all night and was delicious.  Can't wait to go back.
4	Visited for lunch during Fall Restaurant Week and their prie fixe was just $20.14. I haven't always heard great things about the restaurant, so admittedly, I'd written it off as a place that wasn't worth my time or money. I'm glad to say that I was impressed with the selections and enjoyed my meal.First impressions: Gorgeous space! I like how open the restaurant is and what a great decision with the beautiful Aria lobby next to it. The decor is has a touch of elegance and great colors and patterns. The large, heavy armchairs were comfortable and a nice change from the simple dining chairs.Lobster Gazpacho: Chilled Spanish tomato soup, lobster meat, and cherries. The soup had a light and rounded flavor, however, I couldn't necessarily taste the lobster. If this wasn't a gazpacho, it would be really delicious served warm/hot.Wild Mushroom Soup: Shiitake, crimini, and oyster mushrooms; mushroom foie gras crouton. This was another first course option. The soup had a surprising depth of flavor that I wasn't expecting from mushrooms (not sure if the broth was just mushrooms). Delicious. Also, the mushroom foie gras crouton was really nice.Salmon: Scottish Salmon, creamy whipped potato, and horseradish cream. The salmon was well-prepared and all of its accompaniments worked nicely with it. Solid salmon dish.Rib Eye Steak: Roasted Chinese eggplant, french fries, and mushroom demi sauce. I ordered my ribeye "rare plus" and they delivered! It was absolutely beautiful. I wanted to sing a symphony. Besides the steak being perfect, the demi sauce was delicious and I loved the eggplant as well. The fries were great.Flan de Turron: Almond creme custard, whipped cream, and turron. Okay, this dessert was honestly one of the best desserts I've ever eaten. I love custard, however, I don't always find flans always pleasant because the texture needs to be just right. This flan was perfection. The custard held its shape, but was extremely creamy and the flavors of the turron and the flan created this explosion! What a great way to end a meal!I would like to come back and try some of their tapas, but the prices are a deterrent. For now, I would definitely recommend a meal here during RW.
5	So delicious and so many amazing choices to please everyone at the table. Great service and friendly staff. I can't stop thinking about organic pork chop, scallops and braised short ribs. Flan for dessert... YumYum!!
2	Even though this is a beautiful venue with nice service, the food is supremely overrated. I am in full support of splurging for good food but there wasn't anything special about the food to warrant the cost. I had the ceviche, mussels, and paella. Each of the dishes were disappointingly bland despite the fact that they were described similarly to how the dishes are prepared in authentic Spanish restaurants. The only thing I found to be surprisingly unique was the sangria. Unfortunately, that's all my tummy walked away feeling satisfied with. Also, keep in mind that this is a tapas restaurant so the portions are tiny (smaller than typical tapas servings). If you insist on eating here for the beautiful experience/ ambience, be sure to order accordingly.
5	Awesome tapas. Black rice is the BEST! And the tuna cones...and the ceviche...and the grilled calamari. YUM!
5	Stepped in for some tapas and sangria before our dinner.  We sat at the bar and had a great time. All the tapas we had were delicious, sangria (there's 3types!) were refreshing and yummy, and the waiters were wonderful.  We had a great time and almost forgot about our dinner reservation elsewhere.
4	Came here for an early dinner for six of us and was able to catch the end of happy hour. We ended up just ordering 2 of every tapa on the happy hour menu so that each person got to try one of each. Didn't even really bother to look at the menu as I think all of us were too lazy to pick out what we didn't want :P We also got a paella along with 4 pitchers of sangria (part of the happy hour menu) which may have been overly ambitious :D 2 pitchers of red and 2 pitchers of white. We were struggling to finish all the alcohol. For the most part, everything was excellent, I just wasn't too big of a fan of the stuffed date (not too into sweets in general). I don't remember all the food we got but some of the items included: potatoes bravas, meatballs, chicken croquettes, calamari, and chorizo. With the happy hour prices, our bill actually came out to less than what we were anticipating which made it a pretty good value for a fancier meal with copious amounts of alcohol.
3	Even though I am not a huge fan of tapas style of serving and portions I figured I'd give it a go anyways. Well the food being cold and barely having any flavor was something that could have been avoided. I would have just put up one star but the gazpacho was actually pretty good so there is the redeeming factor.
4	The only reason it isn't 5 stars is because the bartender messed up the drink orders- aside from that, the food is phenomenal !!!! I would definitely recommend the mushroom soup, salmon and rib eye. Delicious!
3	The food was good, not great. It was way too loud for us, we had a hard time hearing the waitress and could barely hold a conversation.  The red Sangria was tasty.
5	Divine!   Great atmosphere and fabulous food.  My husband and I shared the potatoes.... Amazing  ( not sure of the exact name) they came with a great aioli dipping sauce.  We also had the fried artichokes ... Delicious , and a grilled bread appetizer .. This however was minuscule but very good. The service was terrific , the waitstaff bustle about serving you the food and quickly taking away empty plates!   I will come back to try other "tapas"
4	Good tapas, expensive and a little inconsistent.  When we were seated some people were telling us "get the scallops."  We tried those and got three small scallops for $14.  Tasty, but I was thinking I would be leaving there hungry with a light wallet. Then I was thinking we would not order more. The morcillo was a better portion though.  So we ordered the tortilla Espanola.   That was a very nice wedge.  The red sangria was very good, at $10/glass.  For desert, the flan was mediocre and the arroz con leche was excellent.
3	I enjoyed the restaurant, atmosphere and food.  Really great first impression when you walk in, colorful space and a great spot in the Aria.  I think the tapas idea is great but it is definitely a spendy meal for not a lot of food.  It is the type of restaurant that you need to go grab a cheeseburger afterwards to really fee full.  Our favorite dishes were the scallops, spicy meatballs and the tenderloin over grilled bread.  I was a little disappointed with the steak tartare as it almost had a meatloaf consistency.  I'm a pretty traditional tartare eater though so I was missing the typical flavors and presentation.  I'd try it again, it's a fun place for a big group.
3	Food was decent. Service was good at first but certainly tailed off towards the middle and end of dinner, not good for a tapas place.
3	Good, not great. My wife and I ordered a charcuterie plate, ox tail, lamb kabobs, lobster tail pasta and the ceviche. All plates were pleasant, but none were memorable.  The service was satisfactory, but i think our waiter forgot to put in our order of lamb kabobs, which came out a bit tardy for the party. Not a big deal though, we were actually quite full already. Good restaurant, nice atmosphere, but i doubt i'd go back.
4	That I have dined here twice in one year, is testimony to the fact that if you don't dine here while you are in Vegas, you are losing out on fine food & a good experience.But you need to make sure you have enough money, lest you be eating Ramen for a while...With regards to the food, what's not to like?!Paella - good.Sangria - good.Mushroom risotto - good.Wait, tapas here in general, good :)
5	Had a great experience here with a large group of people. Great food and good service. I will definitely be back.
4	Love the tapas here! Stopped in for a quite bite during happy hour. HH prices and portions are food for Vegas standards. I love their tuna cones (not on HH menu). The gambas (shrimp) was my fav dish, ask for some house bread to dip all the delicious red sauce in! I always get the crispy baked chicken dish, its a simple dish but the chicken is cooked to perfect; juicy and crisp. Fried calamari was good; crispy and meaty, not dry sad pieces. The stuffed dates were a bit too sweet for my liking. The meatballs and sliders were just ok, but my friend liked it. The sangrias aren't that strong but they're yummy.
3	Restaurant is gorgeous, service was excellent, but the food left something to be desired. Each dish we ordered seemed to be lacking a certain component. I'll stick to Jaleo as my go to tapas place in Vegas.
4	I came here for my brother's wedding rehearsal dinner. My parents had agreed upon a set menu that was sent to my parents to review. My father found quite a few spelling mistakes that he corrected and sent back, some of which had not been changed by the time we arrived for dinner the next day. We paid for multiple small plates and unlimited sangria. I was beyond shocked that after my first glass of Sangria, when asking for another I was told it was no longer being served. After spending a lot of money on this meal, I was in complete disbelief that he would not give me what we paid for. I didn't make this a big deal because the night wasn't about me, but after telling my father (who had paid for the entire meal), he was upset that we didn't get our full monies worth. Other than that, service was great!
4	So...it's Vegas and I know that there are many, many great restaurants to choose from but I was seriously impressed with the food and the service at Julian Serrano.  From beginning to end, the meal was flawless.  Special tip of the hat to the sommelier who was uber helpful with our wine recommendation.  I feel sometimes they come off as being snotty or condescending but he was neither.  My work compatriots and I pretty much exhausted the menu choices.  Everything was spot on but a few standouts included:Braised oxtailPintxos de chorizoAlbondigasCome with a large party (and an expense account) and leave happy.  I guarantee it!
5	Amazing service! I came and sat at the bar while on a work trip to Vegas.. I've been studying for a wine exam and decided to sit at the bar and drink some Spanish wine while I studied my chapter on Spain. The bartenders especially Jason were so gracious and let need try anything I wanted to taste to aid in my education. what a memorable and fantastic experience I loved it so much. Great restaurant great wine and great service a must try while in Vegas
2	I would never ever ever go back here again the food was average and I understand it's Tapas but the Tapas was so small that a toddler would not of been satisfied...would never ever ever go back again!
4	Great wine list with a formidable number is sherries by the glass.  The Agua de Serrano cocktail is a must try - sweet with a wonderful seductive heat from habanero pepper.  The list of tapas promises to deliver a different experience every time you dine here.  The chicken croquettes were rich but light and airy.  The stuffed dates were the perfect mix of sweet and savory.  6 small plates between the 2 of us was a great taste without being overly filling.  We didn't try the paellas this time, but will definitely be back.
5	The best paella!! Try the crispy chicken too! Best part of my experience is our superb waiter, Pedro..very friendly! Takes time to discuss menu even during rush hour!! We will surely comeback :)
5	Overall:This is one of the best restaurants I have ever visited in my life. It blew my expectations on tapas and every dish was impeccably seasoned, as if I could feel the effort placed in the design of each dish.Ambience/Service:Being inside the trendy Aria, the restaurant feels hip. The service was impeccable, probably because we were one of the first customers in an early lunch time.Food:I have never been a fan of Spanish Tapas in America, because my general view is that they are very overpriced for only a small amount of food. This restaurant changed my opinion of this cuisine.It was a very memorable experience. The best dish, in my opinion, was the seasoned Black Rice, which was a party in my mouth. I still can't fathom what kind of seasoning went into the dish, but it was just amazing and each bite oozed with umami. The Raspberry Tuna skewers were a pleasant surprise, especially when I found out they dabbed a bit of wasabi paste inside the raspberries. The wasabi really cuts the sourness of the raspberry - it is now my favorite way to eat these berries! I also tried the Spanish Tortilla: creamy potatoes, melt-in-your-mouth onions, all blended in so well with the soft omelette. It's exactly as homey as how my Spanish co-workers made it. I also tried the White Fish Ceviche, which was extremely flavorful with just the right amount of spicy kick. Overall, this place is simply amazing and I would visit it every time I come to Las Vegas.
5	So I'm going to start off with this: for the past year I've been an avid die hard fan of Jaleo at the Aria so I was skeptical about visiting another Spanish / tapas restaurant in Las Vegas, man was I wrong. It took a little help from Jaleo because on Friday night I visited the restaurant and had one of the worst culinary experiences at a high end restaurant; food was extremely greasy and salty to the point of being inedible, servers seemed uninterested and made me wait for dishes for extended periods of time and when I complained about salt on my dish she even took longer to replace , like telling me how dare you criticize our perfect food...I know this review is about Julian Serrano but  I wanted to point out what made me want to visit it. The very next day (Saturday) I book a reservation for one... Words can't explain the flavors, service ... Everything about my experience was beyond my expectations, from the oxtail to the tomato cake to the risotto , I can only say without a doubt that the food was PERFECT. If I could I would give them ten stars but for now 5 will do the job. Now every time I head back to Vegas (which is quite often) I have to go to Julian Serrano and be mesmerized once again.
4	Cool restaurant and the foods are very good. Came with a group of 6 and I ordered the wild mushroom soup with roasted padron peppers. Both were good and cost about $20. Portion is small so it's considered pricy to me. Overall it's a fun restaurant and I will definitely come back again.
4	Service : excellent Food: excellentDecor and ambiance: goodCame here for dinner with 3 other people we ordered, we had no problem getting seated because it was a little early.Anthony was serving us and he was really great, super helpful and attentive. kudos to him for being really outstanding.We order the potata bravas, grilled eggplant, flatbread with tomato and mozzarella, short ribs, lamb meatballs, duck confit and calamari.Calamari was really good what out it over the top was that they had pieces of fried lemon in it. I would not have thought it but I was sooooo good.Potata bravas, lamb meatballs, grilled eggplant, duck confit were really executed well.The flatbread was really nothing to right home about and was nothing you would not find at a deli in New York.Overall will be back
4	I was in Vegas for a friend's birthday, and he said we were checking this place out in the Aria for dinner since the owner was an old family friend from their days living nearby in San Francisco (my friend's family has since relocated to the Boston area). I think since I was in their group, I became, as Andrew Keegan so eloquently stated in the seminal classic "10 Things I Hate About You"...cool by association. They really rolled out the red carpet for our party of 6. Here's a listing of all the things we got to try: Yellowtail sushi, Ahi tuna, Serrano ham, grilled pepper with goat cheese,, beef and cheese tenderloin, prawns, spicy potatoes, red sangria, bacon wrapped stuffed dates (personal favorite...amazing flavor and extremely tendor bacon), and two different kinds of paella: seafood and valenciana. I'm a huge fan of paellas, and these were really good. To wash it all down, we had Nvanmanthia wine, and some churros to finish it off. After leaving, I thought they'd have to throw the cape on me, James Brown style, and help me out...I was stuffed. I didn't think Sin City had anything beyond a Denny's and some buffet bars, so this was a welcome surprise.
5	Our cousin took us here as this place is one of her favorites. My husband and I have never had tapas before and it was our first! We got about 7 different tapas, white sangria and churros (laugh now but they were sooooooo good!!) Our server was very attentive and friendly. Some of the tapas we got were the dates, short ribs, duck confit, beef tartar, yellowfin tuna, just to name a few. Our favorite was were the dates tapas and the beef tartar tapas. The white sangria was really really good and would recommend it! My husband even enjoyed it and he isn't one for those "fruity" drinks. It is a little pricey but well worth the tastes and flavors!
5	Love this place.  It's a Spanish tapas restaurant so order several dishes if you're trying to get full or wanting to get a taste of the different items on the menu.  My friends and I ordered 4 tapas plus an order of the mixed paella:On a scale from 1-5 with 5 being the best...Seared scallop: 5Stuffed dates: 5 (must order!!!!)Asparagus: 5Gambas: 5 (there's a bit of a spicy kick to it, but it's delicious)Mixed paella: 5!!!!!! SO DAMN GOOD!! = must order!!!!!I'm still craving for the paella ever since I had it.  It was absolutely delicious.  Now being back in Houston, I'm trying to find a restaurant that serves delicious paella. Wish me luck! I highly recommend that restaurant because everything we ordered was absolutely amazing, and definitely order the stuffed dates and paella, if nothing else!!
2	Didn't enjoy the food at all. The only reason they get 2 stars is because the staff was super friendly. The steak wasn't cooked the right way, actually sent it back twice and they still put in on my bill. Never going back there that's for sure. Total rip off !!
4	JS was so delicious!  We ordered the seafood paella and the four of us cleaned the plates.  It was as good as the one I had in Barcelona. I also got the white sangria...not too sweet!  It was perfect!  We also got the short ribs...it was good but I have had better hence the 4 stars instead of 5.  I would get the paella again but would definitely order a different appetizer.
5	Awesome tapas! Everything served to us were fantastic. The chicken croquette, ox tail, scallops, duck salad, pork tacos mmm mmmm. Definitely get a pitcher of red sangria!
3	We have eaten here before and the food was really good. However, this time we were really diasapointed. The food lacked taste. The paella was so bad that we had to send it back. The desserts were okay. The appetizers were not much to remember. Not sure if I would like to spend this much money for such mediocre food.
5	Excellent small plates. Good selection and very tasty. Service is excellent. Wine selection and prices very good. Highly recommended
5	This is my second time here. I visited here 2 days in a row since it was THAT good. The first time I came here i just had 4 taps: black rice, lobster fideua, grilled lamb chop and fried calamari. Everything was so good except for the fried calamaries. For some reason the calamari was really a miss... It was bland and tasteless. The second day (today) we were really disputing if we should have all tapas again since the dishes we had yesterday were so good but decided to try a paella. We did order a white fish ceviche. It is perfect for an appetizer, super savory but a little too spicy. It was good for us since we shared it but if you wanted to finish it by yourself, it might be a little too spicy. Paella didn't take full 40 minutes which is great! It was so delicious packed with flavor. I would have really regretted if I didn't try the paella. I don't know how they cook the mussels but they were so moist. Fantastic restaurant that I would return again for sure if I had the opportunity to.
4	This is the place to go for tapas in Las Vegas. Not only is it inside Aria which gets you to City Center, but it's done by chef Julian Serrano and is cearly one of the best restaurants in Las Vegas. Make this a destination.  I have been a number of times and always love the Tortilla Espanola (which is my own measure of a great Barcelona style tapa wherever I go for tapas). Julian Serrano's does not disappoint, but they have changed the recipe recently and its lost something (different olive oil or less egg?). Same story with the Pan Catalan which is now on a tiny split baguette - clever, but it's less authentic. The choices are many traditional Spanish tapas and a number of newer tapas. You can't go wrong, but absolutely leave space for the churros con chocolate!
4	It's hard to find good, authentic Spanish food outside Spain. It's just not prevalent outside the largest cities with some sort of expat Spanish population.For those who've traveled to Spain, "tapas-style" dining in the US is frustrating because something gets lost in translation with the taste and presentation. Not to mention that it's more expensive here.Julian Serrano is not for the budget conscious. It is a celebrity-chef restaurant in a glitzy Vegas casino.But, the food is good, authentic, and has several options for all palates. I've been to Jaleo (Jose Andres' restaurant in DC), and this is on par.Had the Paella Valenciana and a couple of tapas: Croquetas de pollo and pimientos de pardon. Peppers were hotter than what you'd normally get and the croquettes were delightful. Paella was on point as well: from the rice to the saffron, on down to the pan.Good selection of Spanish wines too. Nice spot just off the lobby in the Aria for some prime people watching.
5	Wow Wow Wow..tapas style and heaven in my mouth. awesome food. You can try little of each so you are not stuck with one huge meal of the same thing. My fav is the black rice and the risotto. I will definitely be back and next time..Paella.  This place is good for big groups so you can order alot and have lil of each plate. We also sat next to Wanda Sykes who im a big fan of..made the dinner even better.. The only complaint i have is the price of course..but ill be back and still pay.
5	Great tapas and whatever we ordered was good and tasty. Compliments to the chef. Very creative and I recommend the rice pudding for desert. Never had anything like it. Over all great place and fun restaurant to eat specially when u sit at the bar.
5	Their tapas menu has so much variety. The bacon wrapped dates, chicken croquets, burger sliders and stuffed peppers are amazing. We've had Justin wine and it was yummy! I recommend this place for any occasion
5	We had a great experience here. Our server was very nice and friendly. The food came out at a quick pace. My wife and I ordered 6 tapas, two glasses of wine a piece, shared a flan for dessert, and had one dessert drink a piece, all for about $200 which is a good deal for a high end restaurant in Vegas. The Tapas were the 5j ham (touted as the best ham in the world; it's like prosciutto strips- small amount but very flavorful and should be eaten first); the potatoes (spicy with an interesting dollop of cream on top; the asparagus (it was perfectly prepared and seasoned- the best asparagus we've ever had anywhere); the stuffed peppers (these were very good too, perfect spice level);  the oxtail (this was fairly sweet with a light pastry keeping it held in a circle; a little too sweet for me but perfect for my wife); and the pulled pork pan (this was surprising better than I thought it would be, mostly because of the shredded vegetable topping). The atmosphere was loud and outgoing. Mostly there were large groups there that night. Seems like a great place for parties or business dinners for a fun experience. Not going to be a quiet romantic dinner however.
5	Visited this place two days in a row. Nothing much to say about this place.Everything is good except fried calamari.I tried1.Black rice: MUST EAT2.Lobster fideua:MUST EAT. It has very interesting texture.        3.Grilled lamb chop: It was tender, juicy, has a good lamb flavor!!! BEST lamb chop I've ever had 4.fried calamari: wasn't good, not tasty at all.5.Marinara Paella: MUST EAT
5	D-Lish-us!!With my friend, Beth we had:Lamb chopSeared scallopsCeviche (my favorite!)Stuffed piqulloGambasCheese platter Stuffed datesSpicy bombaNext time we're for sure getting the paella!!The service is top-notch. Highly recommend!!
5	One look at the menu and I knew I was in trouble. The combination of my friend's propensity for over-ordering and ours both for over-eating...well, it's a gluttonously dangerous time.There had to be at least 70 items on the menu. And this was for LUNCH! It's a massive selection of dishes. Everything looked so good, it was hard to narrow down. But our server was helpful in making suggestions.I recommend coming here in a large group so you can share and taste as many tapas as possible. We were a party of 4 and we had 12 dishes with a pitcher of red sangria:Brava Potatoes - A tapas staple, and it's done right here.Oxtail - One of my favorites of the day.Pan Serrano - Mini baguettes with slices of serrano. Solid.Huevo Estrellados- Skinny fries with a fried egg and Spanish pork chorizo that tasted to me like Chinese sausage. Overall, an ok dish.White Ceviche - This was a generous portion. It was too spicy for me, but the group liked this dish a lot.Fresh Calamari a la Plancha - I love calamari served whole like this, and this was a group favorite. Very flavorful and perfectly cooked.Octopus - This was everyone's least favorite; it didn't have much flavor.Foie Gras - I hoarded all this for myself, haha. Seared foie with roasted apple. Perfection.Stuffed Dates - Medjol dates stuffed with goat cheese and wrapped in crispy pancetta sounded a bit heavy to me at the time, but one bite and I was sold. These are seriously good.Albondigas - Another tapas staple, again, superbly done. Who doesn't like Spanish meatballs?Beef and cheese - Good, not great.Cobia - We ordered this fish dish as an afterthought, and it was one of the surprising highlights of our meal.Overall, very much a 5-star lunch experience.
1	A friend and I went to Julian Serrano for lunch after seeing an advertisement for a $20 special 3-course tasting menu from the Aria website. However, after we were seated, we were told that they could not honor the fixed pricing menu because they "were too busy."  The restaurant was not even half full. Surprised, I verified with the server and also the manager that I had come at the correct time under the advertisement, which didn't mention any sort of limitation to the deal. They both told me that I came at the correct time, but that they still could not honor their advertisement, with no reason other than they were too busy to honor it. They then told me I could order similar items at their FULL PRICE ($40-50 per person).  I am shocked at their bait and switch tactics, and will not be returning.
4	Delicious! The tuna cones were the very best! The salmon cakes were also very good. My friend tried the chicken skewer which she says were okay. Service was spot on.
4	If you are into the Vegas scene, then you'll like this place. The ambience is very classy, and pretty much your typical, "club atmosphere" scene. The food is delicious, but the portions are very small. I would recommend purchasing at least three tapas per person. You'll even have room for dessert. The molten chocolate cake is very delicious. The price is pretty high, but you're paying for the experience along with small portions of the tapas.
4	3.587362 round up to 4. Still a 4, but barely.We ordered this time:- Spanish iberico sliders - prime beef, iberian pork, caramelized onions- Gambas - sauteed shrimp, garlic, brava sauce, arbol chili- Brava potatoes - spicy tomato, aioli sauce- Creamy risotto - wild mushrooms, aged manchego cheese- Tuna cones - ahi tartare, cucumber, crispy won ton, avocado, ponzu- Lobster fideuna - angel hair pasta, half lobster tail, roasted red pepper- "Bomba" - veal tenderloin and pork tenderloin, spicy meat ball, spicy rocoto sauceWhile each item was above average, I would expect more than "above average" from a restaurant with the name of the great chef himself. We've visited this place twice so far, tried more than 10 items total, and our taket is consistent.Located next to the main lobby area, the convenience and casual factor is a plus with the open layout, but food-wise nothing was really remarkable.Considering how we were impressed with his renowned restaurant, Picasso, this is a bit of a disappointment.
5	We really love this restaurant.  The service was impeccable!  Yoshi was our server.  You'd be surprise, but it's good for families.We ordered a variety of dishes, from the croquettes, to the ham, to the seafood...Everything was tasty and we would come back in a heartbeat to try more dishes.
4	Had a wonderful meal with my husband. Our wait staff made sure we had time to get to our show on time.  They were gracious and I enjoyed my first absinthe experience.
5	Loved this place!!!! With a variety of options ranging from chilled seafood, to in the shell, to ox, to paella, what's not to love! Plates are served in a traditional tapas manner - small yet packed with flavor. The boyfriend and I highly approved and will definitely head back on our next visit to Las Vegas!
4	To start, the restauraunt is very very comfortable and colorful.  The staff is very attentive, knowledgable and goes above and beyond to accommodate special requests.  The selection of Tapas is extensive, presentation of dishes is creative and Pleasing to the eye.  The Mussels, Kale salad, Soup, Braised Short Ribs were delicious.  The Sangaria was addictive.  Looking forward to returning to try other Tapas.
4	We really enjoyed Julian Serrano at the Aria.  We didn't try the paella, just feasted on tapas, all of which were super tasty.  I would especially recommend:-- oxtail (raba de toro)-- Yellowtail-- croquetas-- charcuterie plate-- padron peppersWe had a delicious wine from Spain's Ribera del Duero region that went perfectly with the food.The only complaint was how fast everything came out -- we finally had to ask the server to slow down the orders (which they did).  I always forget how fast Vegas service typically is.A definite recommend!
3	We come to Vegas every year for Christmas, and we always eat at Julian Serrano as it had been consistently great. Tonight, however, was a major disappointment - not the great food & service we have come to expect.Food:Picas (chicharrones, olives, almonds) - excellent Foie gras with Apple - good but the foie was a little overcooked, and there was too much Caramelized apple, which made it too sweetGazpacho - excellentPatatas Brava - spicy tomato sauce was sweet and not spicy at all, and the potatoes were soggy instead of crispy outside and fluffy inside. This is usually a fave of ours, but we sent it back.Octopus - well cooked, but not seasoned (no salt)Oxtail - too sweetStuffed dates - too sweet (tasted like they used candied bacon)White Sangria - tasted like watered down white wine - no hint of brandy or fruit, despite pieces of apples and oranges in the pitcherService:Lackluster. We like to order a couple of tapas at a time, then order more as we go along. The waiter forgot several of our orders until prompted, didn't return to take our order when we indicated we wanted to order more, etc. Not horrible, but not the attentive service we have received here in the past.In the past, we have spent 2 1/2 to 3 hours ordering many tapas and then dessert. Tonight we got so fed up that we stopped ordering and didn't even get dessert. We only spent 1 1/2 hrs there. All in all, a disappointing evening.
3	Good restaurant to visit if in the CityCenter. The New York Steak and other meat tapas were very good, albeit small. Most of the salads were very good as well, especially the Queso Fresco. The Queso Fresco is like a Caprese salad, except wrapped up.The shrimp dishes were terrible, with only 2-3 pieces of shrimp. To make it worse, they were served in a puddle of bland sauce. There was so much sauce, you had to fish the shrimp out from the pool of sauce. The restaurant atmosphere is very modern and stylish like the Crystals. The seating area is located at the entrance to the Aria from the Crystals, and because of this, can be prone to drafts of wind coming in, although this is not a problem unless it is cold outside. In addition, the restaurant itself is relatively small and a little cramped with all the tables they try to fit in. It would have been nicer if they spread the tables out a bit. Overall, dining at the Julian Serrano was a positive experience.
5	I cannot say enough great things about this place. The space was open, modern, vibrant and energetic. The waitstaff was attentive, friendly, fun and accommodating.The food was amazing, I dare to say some of the best tapas I have EVER had. The Spanish tortilla, the lobster gazpacho and the creme brulle arroz con leche were out of this world. We had the pre theater tasting menu which was an amazing deal for the quality and generous portions that we received. Thank you for making our night so much better with a perfect and beautiful dinner!
5	Pedro was a fantastic server! Food was amazing
3	I think I had my hopes up too high... The food was just so so, nothing to write home about. We ate here on NYE at around. 630ish.  The place is pretty but a lot of our food came out like warm which was disappointing. The best thing we had was the oxtail tapas but everything else was lack luster. We had tapas plates (octopus, oxtail, yellowtail and pork croquettas) and two main courses (pork chop and the crispy chicken) We left $200 lighter and I felt like I would've enjoyed the  cheese cake factory better....
5	Un vrai plaisir !!! Ambiance  produits et service extra A ne pas rater surtout tres tres bon
5	Mind blowing. This place is always crowded and it's always crowded for a reason. Dear god, the food blew my taste buds out of this world. On my last business trip to Vegas, a colleague and I wined and dined a client here and everyone at the table was unanimously impressed. Each dish topped the previous one with bursting flavors, creative mingling of a variety of ingredients and incredibly well-cooked, juicy and fatty meat pieces. We ordered two bottles of wine (a Pinot Noir and a Cab) and both paired impeccably with our tapas of choice. We ordered A LOT of tapas but here were the highlights: 1. Foie gras 2. Wild mushroom creamy risotto 2. Grilled lamb chops3. Short ribs 4. Serrano paella The ambiance is fun-eclectic and a bit on the louder side as it's usually fully packed and opens into the hotel lobby area. I'd recommend coming here with a larger party so you can try a variety of tapas (the menu is extremely extensive). It makes for a great socializing business dinner or a classic Vegas group dinner. Definitely stop by Julian Serrano for some out of this world tapas when you're in the Aria.Happy Eating, Yelpers!
4	Three friends and I had our New Year's Eve dinner here and were all very impressed. The check came to not quite $220 for the following (also including tax and a 20%-ish tip):- Bottle of sparkling wine (not going to lie, the cheapest one on the menu) ***- Goat Cheese & Sweet Marmalade cake ***** (delicious)- Fresh Calamari with ink * (too much ink)- Spanish Charcuterie Platter ***- Brava Potatoes ***** (delicious)- Asparagus a la Plancha ****- Mediterranean Chicken Skewer *****- Spanish Iberico Sliders ****- Spanish (ham) croquetas ***- Tomato "flatbread" * (bland and overpriced)Overall I was very impressed with this restaurant and the food. Clearly there are some duds on the menu but what they do well, they do VERY well. The service was quality as well; they were happy to let us order what we wanted at first and then order more later if necessary (which it was). And without the sparkling wine, the bill would have been more like $165 total. We all left stuffed and satisfied!
5	Two words: Happy Hour. Their happy hour menu is so delicious.We basically ordered all of it and called it dinner. Albondigas, sliders, Brava potatoes, croquetas, chorizos... We also ordered the mushroom risotto and churros off the dinner menu.Brava potatoes: What is this witchcraft? The sauce is so good that we had to ask for bread to keep dipping in it.Croquetas: Crispy on the outside, soft on the inside. Melts in your mouth.Chorizos: So savory with a kick from the red peppers. Don't forget to scoop up all the mashed potatoes. It's worth it.Risotto: Was it supposed to be dry and sticky? I ordered it cause of Hell's Kitchen, which always looked more like a porridge. Wasn't feeling how salty and congealed it was.Churros: This. Was. My. Heaven. You must get this. I regret not going back every day of my vacation. It is so sweet, but the melted chocolate that comes with it tempers it perfectly.Go churro big or go home.
