5	I just recently moved out of this complex and could not be happier with my experience.I lived here for one year and really enjoyed it. I lived in one of the units with an attached garage overlooking the pool. I highly recommend this set up. The pool is beautiful and has a beach type entry with a hot tub and grills. The clubhouse is great and there are two separate work out buildings, one for cardio and one for weight training. This complex is located next door to The Shops at Pecos Ranch. There is even a gate connecting the two properties. I would walk next door and have breakfast on the dog friendly patios. I love this shopping center. Montage is VERY pet friendly. I have a 120 pound pup and they were more than accommodating. There is even a small dog park in the complex.Now for the main reason I wrote this review...After I moved out the front office called and informed me that the housekeeper, Irma, found something that belonged to me in my old apartment. It was my PASSPORT that contained cash and other documents. She turned it in without hesitation. Not a penny was missing. I am so impressed by her honesty. This is a great community that employs some of the most amazing, honest people you could hope to find!
1	I never thought I would be one of those people who wrote a bad review about a business. However ever since PB bell took over Montage, I have been so frustrated with them,  Four different times! Now i just cant wait to move out. When i moved into the property it was a Mark Taylor Community. When i found out PB Bell was taking over i was a little disappointed but didnt really care who the property management was. I used to be a Leasing Consultant for Mark Taylor so I know how the business works. The first month they took over, my $1400 rent payment (money order) was "lost". I believe it was carelessly thrown away since they received my updated information, which was in the envelope with my payment. I have paid rent the same way ever since i have lived here, on the 3rd at night i drop it in the drop box. July 3rd I walked down to drop my payment to find out they closed the drop box! Irritating because I work 7 days a week during the day & don't have the option to make it into the office during business hours. So i did what Mark Taylor said to do, " as long as we have your payment before 9am before the 4th your payment is not late". As you all know businesses are closed July 4th so i had to wait until the 5th. Before 9am i tried to give my payment to the leasing staff. I have NEVER been late on my rent payment. However they would not accept my payment and unfairly slapped me with a $50 late fee that had to be in certified funds. I don't have a car so getting to the bank was another inconvenience thanks to them. This MONDAY morning all water was shut off & I wasn't able to shower before work. Then I go down to the business center after work to quickly type up an important document & it's only conveniently open during business hours! I can't wait to move!
1	Let's start with the fact they charge me 1200 for a 900sq ft apartment, let's end with me breaking my lease moving down the street and saving 4,800 a year.  Good job pb bell, keep up the good work.P.S. I really appreciate waiting in the office while you negotiate a car loan over the phone.Stay classy
1	Ever since the new management company took over it's just gone downhill. They have closed down the clubhouse, the fitness center and now the pool (scheduled for July) already without notifying their residents in advance. There is no communication from either the management company (PB Bell) nor from the office staff. It really shouldn't be a surprise that so many long term residents are leaving - they're as sick of this as I am. It looks like it's time for me to move also ....
1	So I just received my lease renewal notice, 10 days before I have to decide to give my 60-day notice or not.  I asked them for this twice in the beginning of June.  I was told both times that the property manager was working on it.  Last year I got the renewal notice and returned it signed by the 8th of June!  Why the delay this year??Not only are they increasing my rent, but now they areimplementing a flat fee for the water bill.  So while my monthly water bill USAGE is about $15 a month, I now have to pay $30 a month for a one bedroom apartment!  Wtf?!?!?Seriously - the location is great, the apartments are decent, but the managment staff and their reponses to tenant's concerns is awful.  DO NOT RENT HERE!!
