5	Hear ye, hear ye, the kids will love this place!   Jousting, yelling for your King, cool techno fireworks just when you least expect it, dancing maidens, acrobats, and huge chickens to eat with ye hands!  The show was great and the food was good but I feel like we wasted alot because none of us could finish our meals.  If your child does not like loud noise I recommend bringing ear plugs.  The ambiance of the whole show was fantastic!  After the show the knights and the kings will let your kids pet their horses and take pictures. Sometimes, there is also a magician in the crowd that will give your child a magic stone.  We had so much fun... Good company always equates to a great time!!  So make sure to bring friends that will get loud and be into the whole character of the show!
5	The Tournament of Kings was on of the best things I did in Vegas. My sister suggested we go because she had gone long ago when in High School and had a blast... that alone made me a bit wary of the place. High School... blech! Anyway, despite hitting my head on the table behind me when I first sat down (because I'm a big klutz) I ended up having the BEST time. I truly believe this show is what you make of it... so let your inhibitions go and be a big kid! I did and had a rockin' time. My sister, boyfriend and I stuffed our faces with all the food, pounded the tables and yelled at the top of our lungs the entire time. Our King didn't win but they were all a lot of fun to watch. Psst... Norway and France... get back at me!!! hahahaha...
3	I hate to go against the other reviews here, but I didn't think that the Tournament of Kings was really that great...especially in comparison to Medieval Times.While I enjoyed the show (and the food far surpassed my expectations), I felt there was too much emphasis on the plot and storyline, and not enough on the fighting.  The fighting is what makes the event fun and exciting.  I like to see the amazing tricks they can do, but it really felt like they were holding back somehow.The show also didn't seem very long to me.  Another review on here states that the show was 1 1/2 hours, but I can hardly believe that.  It seemed to last an hour, at most, to me...which was part of the reason I ended up being so let down.I will admit that I had a relatively good time, but I had hoped to enjoy the show far more than I did (especially for the price!).
4	Yes I am an adultYes I went with my friendsand Yes we were all drunkand we had the time of our lives. Cat calling our hot knight (yeah for FRANCE!!!) and cheering and booing. So much fun. Food was decent. Storyline was very questionable, I wish they did more of the fighting. I like Medieval Times better. But we rowdy girls had a blast. A Vegas must!!!
4	I enjoy eating in 5 star restaurants, but there's also nothing like a Big Mac and fries when the mood hits.  And for something more rugged, I really enjoyed the food at this show.  You can't get any simpler than with a bowl of soup, game hen, potatoes and a simple dessert.  And you eat with your hands!  The show is simply fun and very kid friendly.  And as an adult, you can't help but feel like a kid again when you see King Arthur and his Knights fighting and jousting.  Audience participation is a must and you can't help but cheer when 'your knight' is winning.A BIG warning to anyone with allergies or asthma - I don't suggest you go.  You make the judgment call for yourself, but I know I cannot ever go to this show again.  We sat in the front row, and by the end of the night, I was having such a hard time breathing I was scared.  There are warning notices at the ticket office, but from one who experienced it, please take those warnings to heart, especially if you have kids.
5	Very enjoyable!  I love all that period stuff, so perhaps I was a bit biased, but I had a great time.  I figured it would be one of the few shows in Vegas that my toddler would enjoy too, and he actually did pretty good.  The food was also very decent, I was expecting worse, and the service was good too.  Would recommend, and I'd love to do it again sans the kid!
4	i enjoyed this show. i think it's more for families though, the only thing i have to complain about is having to eat with my hands. other than that, this was a very fun show.
4	It is rare to find a decent dinner show (i.e. one in which you get dinner & a show) around town these days.  Soprano's Last Supper had it as part of their show; now you have to splurge at the overpriced italian restaurant at the Riveria to have the dinner & show combination.Tournament of Kings is a great show that had the added benefit of a meal while you are entertained.  I know there are many other places like this throughout the United States, but this is the only one I have ever seen.  The food is usually a cornish game hen, potato wedges, broccoli and a roll.  You can get a free water or soda, but for a few dollars more you can get a mixed drink with a souvenier mug (see pictures).The show itself is fairly entertaining in a campy Knights of the Round Table kind of way.  Kings from around the globe compete to serve King Arthur against Mordred and his dragon knights.  Merlin entertains the crowd at first, getting everyone excited for the show.  Mordred's entrance is intense as is the entrance of his knights on horseback.Not expecting much more than knights fighting and decent food (not spectacular, but you'll leave with a full stomach), you can enjoy this show as a good time for not a lot of money.  The cost is around $54.00 per person...for dinner & a show, you can't really beat that price.
3	The show was definitely better than Medieval Times.But that's how I expected it to be since it is owned by Excalibur.However, the food was better at Medieval Times.
4	My mom was in town visiting and decided to treat the entire family to this show. The show was fantastic. It was much better than I had anticipated. It was a lot of fun. They really get the crowd involved and pumped up. I love that you cheer on a king depending on where you are seated. That was fun. I have three boys and they were very involved in the show--even the 18 month old. He cheered right along with the rest of us. The food was good. Okay, it wasn't gourmet. But seeing as they have to serve things that you can eat with your hands, I think it was pretty good. The only thing I didn't like was that the food was not appealing to the kids. For this reason I think they should offer lower priced tickets for kids. But the tickets were $58/person regardless of age. The only exception was for children 3 and under who were allowed to enter for free if they were to sit on a parent's lap and eat off that parent's plate. But $58 is a lot for an 8 and 5 yr. old who---even if they had liked it--would not have been able to eat even half of the food that was served. Other than that we had a great time and I would recommend it to anyone.
2	What horrible food. If you are a vegetarian or a person with proper taste buds you will want to steer clear. Their only saving grace is the surprisingly tasty tomato soup and wide selection of beer.What terrible seating. Not only is it uncomfortable, but if you think you have a good seat by being in the front row, you are horribly mistaken. The horses, which come flying right past you, kick dirt up onto your table and possibly your food.The script is what it is. It's funny for kids, and probably kicks the pride out of the actors every night. The jousting, stage fighting, dancing and pyrotechnics are good enough, but it doesn't excuse the fact that it's just a bunch of cheese.Just see something else. I thought it would be so bad that it would be good, but it's not. The only people I can see enjoying this is children. Be warned of possible audience participation.
4	I will start out by saying I've been to Medieval Times a few times, and this is just as good, if not better.  It's a smaller arena than Medieval Times, and the food was better, in my opinion.  It's tomato soup, cornish game hen, potato wedges, broccoli, a dinner roll, and apple streusel for dessert.  I usually don't like tomato soup, but this stuff was so good we asked for seconds (and surprisingly, they gave it to us!).  The game hen was actually quite good, although the potato wedges left something to be desired.  The streusel was awesome.We sat in the Russian section, which was handicap accessible for my mom.  We went on a Sunday, so it wasn't full (the poor Austrian king only had one row rooting for him).  I couldn't hear the beginning part with Merlin and the jester - I know they were talking, but the sound system made them sound garbled, so I have no idea what they were saying.  I understood the rest of the show though.  The show itself was entertaining, and our guy was a bit of a bully, so we had fun cheering him on.  When he didn't win, I cheered for the king of Spain because he was cute ;)Overall, it was an entertaining show, and we felt we got our money's worth.  I'd probably go again if I were back in Vegas :)
4	I was blown away by the show as I anticipated less.  The costumes were well done, and the people in the show had the look for Medieval Times.  The crowd was really into it!  I was on the edge of my seat when they fought each other as they really swung their weapons at full force.  You could see sparks coming from them.  Great experience!  I suggest you see it for yourself.  I would consider it more of a kids show, but there were some "dark" parts also that I did not expect.  A lot of fun though that's for sure!The food is not too bad.  It was a bit plain, but like an earlier reviewer stated, the tomato soup kicked butt!  I ate me a vegetarian meal also, and I have to say that the potato wedge was the best part.  The tomato soup became my sauce for everything lol.  I was also scared that dirt would be kicked into my food, so we all moved our food closer to us.This show is a good deal considering you get food and a show!
4	Thrilling, nail biting and entertaining with added bonus the "Medieval" servings. The show wasn't what I expected, but it was very interesting not being able to eat with utensils. The Medieval times used their bare hands to eat (kind of gross). It was entertaining and the show was action packed. The story line, sword fighting and horses! I love them, what a beauty! Come early since this place can get overwhelmingly crowded.  Seating is prearranged. Great show to watch with the kids, but also enjoyable for adults. I had a blast and would recommend just for the experience.
4	My throat still hurts from screaming for an hour and a half. It was great that we were encouraged to boo and hiss at the other countries, particularly France (we were in Ireland, woot!). Poor King of France, at some point he must get sick of taking the brunt for a country that most patrons don't like anyway.Our beer wench was a Mexican dude named Hector, and he wasn't dressed like a medieval serf (which bummed me out). The food was alright, I dig eating with my hands. I recommend getting beer, because they make you drink a lot throughout the show (oops, I had a Sprite).The kings were seriously hot. I'd rather see a bunch of hot guys dueling on horses with swords than waving their cheesy banana hammocks around in middle aged woman faces, a la Thunder from Down Under.
4	The tomato soup, Cornish game hen, potato wedges, broccoli and roll were bad.  My fingers are dirty.  The show was good.  And no knight was hurt in the production of the Tournament.  If you've never been, you've gotta.  :)The show's awesome, huzzah!
5	Always wanted to go to this show everytime I go to pick up my daughter in Vegas. Decided to go the other day when in Vegas to take the little one home. It was well worth the money! She had a blast &amp; thought it was neat being able to eat with her hands. Highly recommended!
4	I've been to medieval times and I had a great time and the food was good and I saw this at Excalibur and it caught my eye because it reminded me of medieval time! Bought the tickets which were $61 for each adult. The show was very entertaining and they engaged the audience. I was screaming, cheering and booing the whole time! It was awesome. The food was okay. I think I liked the soup more than the entree. -_- They also take pictures of you and they frame it and sell it to you for $20. If you are visiting Vegas anytime soon definitely watch this show!
4	I went to Medieval Times when I was 7 and have been itching to go back as a legal adult. This was my chance! Not the same but let's face it, pretty much the same. We got out tickets at Tix 4 Tonight, so we only paid $40. $40 for a three course dinner and a dinner show? I think so! We went to the "late" show at 8:30pm and missed what I think could have been a lot of kids. This was the drunk older crowd and that was perfect. Some guy who must eat entire fowl carcasses all the time told us the portions were small and to eat before. I'm glad we didn't believe the big man because there was too much food to eat! The tomato soup was just fantastic, and then they serve you an entire chicken, half a crown of broccoli, and giant delicious fries with a dinner bun, and then you get a strudel for dessert. I ate as much of my chicken as I could but it was a little dry. I suppose that is to be expected when you're cooking a few hundred chickens a night though, I can't blame the chef. They really make you participate which is great to get shy people (ie. not me) out of their shells so they can enjoy the show. I was so happy to be in an energetic section. We cheered Hungary on as far as he could go and it was all amazing. In addition to the knights and jousting etc, they had acrobats come out and more of a show around the knights then I remember. It was totally worth it. One thing I didn't like is they hand you a framed picture and then come around a half a hour later asking if you want to pay for it. Maybe its the fact that they already printed it or that they already gave it to you, it just rubbed me the wrong way, like a meat shop next to a race track. Regardless, it's a great time and totally worth it. If almost 20 years of anticipation can't ruin it, you know it's cool. Bring a group and get rowdy with it!
4	This show was a great time. The performers were great and the atmosphere is almost perfect. You eat dinner with your hands and watch the horses and performers in the center of the room. There is not a bad view in the entire theater.The food was not great, but for $55 for two tickets(military discount), you canont beat it. I am not going to spend much time breaking down the entire show dynamics because they were great. I am only going to touch on what caused this show to NOT get 5 stars.1. During the show a photographer goes around and takes a picture of your group and every other group in the show. The come around and give you the picture in a cheap plastic frame....we were under the impression it was part of the shows package. Later in the show they come around and ask you if you want to buy it for $20. The picture probably cost them about $1 at most, and for $55 a ticket, would be a great addition to make the show a 5 star rating.2. The servers could be more dressed up and "act" a little bit more. The one thing the server said to us was, as he brough my wife some water "I got this water from the moat, and cleaned all the green stuff out of it for you ma'am". Cool, but more would be better.Other than that....the show was amazing and cheaply priced.Pricing of tickets = 5Atmosphere and setting = 5Food quality for price = 4Extras = 3If you are looking for a very very unique dinner and a show for a relatively great price, this is an amazing time.
4	I wasn't expecting much, in fact, my fiance's dad's girlfriend and I got all liquored up at Dick's Last Resort prior to the show. When the effects of the booze wore off and it was showtime, I had an amazingly good time! We had seats 1-4 in the France section. The food was not bad and everyone was down-to-earth and the whole crowd was really into it,  I would totally go back!  The cast was really cool and stopped to talk to people after the show (one of the "bad" guys, who is in the program is Ireland, I believe) chatted with us for a few minutes and let us see the horse he had, etc.  Totally fun show!
4	this place was awesome the only reason it got four and not five is for the simple fact that it could have been better. this is a place you need to go as a group and get rowdy. as loud as possible. for some strange reason it looks like the guys that are in the show also do porn. they have that look. one of them looked like evan stone. but yeah do this shoe and buy your toy swords and drink it up.
4	Prior to seeing the Tournament of Kings, I'd only watched a touring company of jousters at a local Renaissance Faire, so I didn't come in with the highest of expectations. That being said, I was proven delightfully wrong. Let's start with the food. I came in absolutely starving and was served a ridiculous amount of food. First came the tomato soup (delish), then the main course: potato wedges, broccoli, and a full gaming hen. The chicken was definitely the standout item: fresh, hot, and exceedingly moist. For dessert, we were served these apple-filled pastries (also tasty).Now, on to the entertainment! The horse-mounted performers were incredible! I loved watching them fly around the arena and engage each other in battle. The dancing peasant girls were perfectly in unison, and they made me want to get up and dance with them. (The fact that I'm a dancer shouldn't taint my review; they were great!) I also enjoyed the participatory nature of the show, how each part of the crowd was encouraged to scream for its reigning champion (ours was the King of Norway). My husband also warned me (spoiler) that Russia always cheats:) I'd definitely recommend the show, whether you love watching jousting, hand to hand combat, dancing, etc. There's even an acrobatic act thrown in for good measure.
2	I had high hopes for this show and was extremely disappointed. To start, the place is super dirty. Yes, I understand that this is a dirt arena, but can't they wipe the tables down? They serve you tomato soup from a plastic pitcher which our waiter aptly described as tasting like Spaghettio's without the O's. Then you get a game hen, a dry stale roll and one piece of unseasoned broccoli. All the while, the cast from Thunder Down Under are walking around in leather speedos and asking you to cheer for your section's Fabio-esque king. I think this would be fun if you had a child with you to enjoy the goofy show but not so great for adults. The one decent part of the night was the swordplay but unfortunately the majority of the show was the little person jester and Merlin singing unintelligible songs.
3	Not a bad seat in the house!  The staff of the Tournament of Kings could be the hardest working and perhaps underpaid? in all of Vegas.  I just don't see how the receipts for the show could work out with the massive overhead they must have with horses, trainers, performers, servers, food prep, etc.  The sword fights are amazing, and the acrobats at the end steal the show!  Two men put a long board, maybe 12 feet, on their shoulders and then this lady gets on it and they THROW her in the air, she does a flip or two and then lands back on the board like a balance beam.  Seriously, Olympic gymnasts don't hit their marks as consistently as this lady did.  AMAZING and from the crowds applause, you could tell they were appreciated.  My husband took me here August of 2009 to celebrate my 31st birthday (part of a multiple day extravaganza of dates).  The food was the tomato soup, chicken, broccoli, roll, potato wedges, and apple fritter as previously described.  The soup is wondermous, the rest was better than my low expectations.  What do you expect for eating with your hands?  My chicken was not dry, and I ate a lot of it!  The portions were huge...so you don't get shorted there!  Yes, you could get better food elsewhere, but this is dinner and a show for $40 in Vegas. (Military Discount)  I'm not sure on kids prices.The children and bachelor/bachelorette parties in the crowd were obviously having a whale of a time.  We passed on the $20 official photo, and also the light up swords and merlin hats, but the kids and bachelors were eating them up.Let me say: I tried really hard to have a good time and appreciate the effort it took to perform the show...and so I did have a good time.  The food service blocked my view occasionally, but I rolled with it.  The horses are amazing, and I say this as someone who grew up around the horse show/rodeo scene.  The plot line of the story is of course extremely cheesy and you are watching a choreographed show...entirely scripted.  Kids will have the best time, and adults will enjoy watching the kids having a great time.  Groups, especially large family groups with Grandparents all the way down to kids will also have a great time.  Kid tip:  Disney World makes a better vacation for children...Excalibur is not Disney despite the castle.  You can make it work...but this is still an adult playground.   If you do happen to be in Vegas with children...cover their eyes (or yours!) past the Excaliber Party Pit because they have go-go dancers performing now on the betting tables.  Fun for adults; but I saw a 4 yr old with eyes like saucers.  Go directly downstairs to the Arcade and take your kids to Tournament of Kings.  The cast of the show greets you as you exit the show, and they take their time to thank you and pose for photos.  Then take your kids to the Grand Canyon, Hoover Dam, and check out some gold mining experiences...come back another time for yourself.
4	This show was really fun. The food was good, and the atmosphere was fun!I hadn't thought much of it before because I grew up around Medieval Times, but I really enjoyed it. And as other people have said, you get dinner in the price, and it's a good dinner to boot!
5	I've seen this show twice now and this last time was the best. If you're not into audience participation don't go. The whole object of going is to be loud and obnoxious, you yell and thump the table, all so your king can win the event. The food is alright, usually a cornish game hen, tater wedges, brocolli and a roll. The soup is tomato and the dessert is a pastry. All are eaten with your hands - no utensils! Kids will love it, adults with a sense of humour will enjoy it too. I read that the front row is not the best seat in the house, due to the horses kicking up dirt clots, yes this is probably true. But we sat second row back and were safe from all of it. Our waitress was funny and teased the people in our section, all in good fun.
5	I saw Medieval Times when I was a young teenager and I though it would be fun to check out this show and it definitely was!I went to the 8:30pm show since I went to another show earlier in the evening. There just so happened to be a wedding party in attendance and they were all dressed in medieval garb as maidens and knights.Just so you know, there are no utensils given/used for the meal. They do give you a wet nap to use to clean your fingers though.For dinner there was a tomato bisque, which was just delicious! The main course consisted of a cornish game hen, potato wedges, broccoli and a bread roll. I am a dark meat person, and the meat on the legs and thighs were fall of the bone delicious, but the breast was a bit dry. For dessert you get an apple pastry.So when you buy your tickets you are assigned to a section in the arena, which happens to be labeled by country. I was in Russia, which just so happened to be the largest and loudest section that evening. Each country is represented by a King, or Czar in my case,  whom you cheer for during the show. The place was not packed, hence some countries had fewer people in them, but my guess is that's because I went to the later show.There was jousting, dancing, sword fighting, an acrobatic troupe and even some pyrotechnics. It was all very entertaining and I really liked the audience participation aspect of the show.
5	I was 16 when my folks took me to this spot. I had such a awesome time. The staff was great and they made u feel like u were really living in Medieval Times. I was so amped up to go here and I still remember the waitress making fun of me when I asked her for a fork and knife( U eat with your hands). My momma hooked me up with a couple of beers and she said that u don't need to be 21 to drink during Medieval times. My mom is gangsta!
5	good food good show, thats all i gotta say
2	I went with a group of coworkers on a recent work trip to Vegas.  The food was horrible!  It started out promising with a good tomato soup, but the main course looked and tasted like it had been heated in a microwave.  The show was so bad that it was good.  It was increadibly cheesy, and the fighting wasn't even close to believable.  The stunt guys would go flying when the person attacking was still several feet away.  The sound is really hard to hear, so it was hard to follow the story line.  I didn't even realize there was a story until the show was almost over.  There were also some random elements, such as the acrobats, wizard, and midget...Even though it was bad, we had a good time making fun of it.  I would not have paid the price of admission out of my own pocket if I had to.
3	Honestly, this is the most ridiculous show ever created. But on that note: super hilarious. I laughed so hard I cried. Totally worth the $50 or whatever especially since the (mediocre) meal is included. If you're in LA though, Medieval Times here is way way way better. Tournament of Kings is like a cheap knock off of it with dragon people and "hot" guys flexing their muscles dressed in leather underwear. So odd.GO RUSSIA!!!
3	Growing up, I always heard about the cool Medieval Knights place in Orange County.  I think my elementary school even had a field trip but I never went.  I was really looking forward to this because I have always been fascinated by jousting a la A Knight's Tale lol.  I also was expecting some 300 business where people would be saying THIS IS (fill in country).  Unfortunately, I just wasn't that wowed!  I mean the acting was ok and the fact that it is live is a plus.  This place is a must if you have a family.  Great show for the kids.  Maybe I am losing that Peter Pan inside of me... =(The food was better than expected.  They give a lot of chicken (surprisingly moist), a roll, potato wedges, broccoli, and strudel.  Hehe cool finger food concept.  Its a toss up whether or not the show was worth $70.  Then again it is Vegas which means you gotta spend it like it grows on trees.
2	Consistent with the kiddy theme that is the Excalibur Casino & Hotel, this uber cheesy event is best served for a teenage date or a family fun outing.  Though I came here with a group of like minded youngins, I couldn't help but think if this was the type of place Ralph Macchio (AKA Daniel-san in Karate Kid) would bring Elizabeth Shue for a date.  I determined at the end of the show that it was not only karate kid worthy but totally not worth my $40 ticket.The show takes place in an arena like venue, with cascading stadium style seats that surround a dusty pit made for folks on a horse.  Once the show begins, the characters that eventually joust each other to death while speaking in Medieval dialects are in character from start to finish.  Yes, this means cheesy lines, plenty of fake violence, and forced laughs / gasps from the audience for a good 90 minutes.  The waitresses are dressed like skimpy maids and while most of them were hot, something tells me they hate working there.  The chicken dinner that was served like it was in the middle ages, roasted and with little flavor and no utensils.  I suppose a pizza would've been asking for too much.Allergy sufferers beware, if the seats are near the dusty arena floor, then watch out for the horse dust that will eventually cloud up and rise.   I was coughing and gasping by the end of the show, no meds would've been strong enough to prevent all of the hacking.Unless members in the party are younger than 15, spend a bit more money and see something else.  Magic shows, concerts, The Blue Man Group etc. could beat the premise of this weak production any day.
5	Awesome, awesome show and only one of two "must-sees" that I have for Las Vegas. I have been going to see this show during almost every trip for over 10 years. Don't be fooled that it's in the Excalibur, it's good for kids and adults!What makes it unique is that you aren't just watching the show, you are participating in it and that makes all the difference since most shows in LV you just watch and leave.Even though the menu is Cornish game hen, you can request a veggie lasagna so if you are avoiding it because you are vegetarian or prefer something else, have no fear! I don't like game hen so I always get the lasagna and it's pretty good. Just request it from your server when you are seated. You also get free unlimited sodas, which is a good deal because they are super pricey in LV restaurants!
3	Only in  Vegas you will find yourself eating without utensils, watching knights joust, all the while saying HAZAAAH! Multi-taskers beware, this is a serious challenge, but a memorable one to savor forever.The mediocre food accompanied by the theatrics was nothing close to perfection, and it would have been nice if we had actual utensils that aren't appendages that we were born with. Everyone in the theater had a whole chicken, broccoli, some supermarket standard potato wedges, a bowl of soup and a piece of bread. Oh yea and a wet nap, not to eat of course. One of my vegetarian friends, had a vegetarian style lasagna which looked more appetizing than the reg. meal.  sigh. I WOULD NOT COME BACK HERE FOR THE FOOD, but it tasted slightly better with my super-sized margarita; that should tell you something..-_-Service was very quick, there was little to no interaction at all as your focus will be on the show. Refills are quick, empty plates are immediately swapped out and making a request seemed impossible. It was a great experience overall, despite the sub par food choices, I would only recommend to families trying to enjoy the sober-las vegas or large work related parties. HAZAH. ps. go dragon!
4	I had a lot of fun, the atmosphere is what makes the show  imo. Is the acting cheesy ? Yes. Is the fighting over dramatic and corny ? absolutely. The show is about the experience of being in the crowd and cheering your king on, not the plot like you're watching an episode of "house". The food was just ok, the hen was too dry, the broccoli had no flavor. the soup was pretty good as was the pastry. But really, I'm not complaining because it was cheaper than most shows in Vegas and any food is better than none. and to be fair, I had just stuffed my face at the bellagio buffet a few hours ago. The show is probably more catered to kids and families but unless you're a real prude you will have fun!The only thing I didn't like was that a few rows in my section were empty.
2	The only reason I attended this show was for the one child we had in our party.  Unless you can find cheap ticket prices I do not recommend purchasing the tickets.  The food was horrible and made the majority of our party sick.  The hen is so dry that it is hard to swallow and everyone's sodas are flat.  When you tell the waiter about the sodas he just gives you a smirk and said it is like that for everyone.  The best part of the meal was the apple critter, and the best part of the show was when it ended.
3	For the price, this is DEFINITELY a show you want to see. Its repetitive so don't count on this being entertaining the second time around. The entire event is the same each time, I know, cuz I watched it about 5 times at different intervals. The food is always the same, but its tasty...for dinner and a show...I think its worth it for first time Vegasers....especially compared to the price of other shows in Vegas.
4	My fiance and I got half-price tickets for this show. I was expecting it to be mediocre. I've been to Medieval Times a couple times and I didn't enjoy that very much. However, my fiance loves this sort of stuff and has never seen anything like it so we decided to go.I had a great time. The show was so much fun to watch, and the audience is small enough so that you don't feel lost in the crowd, but large enough so you really feel a positive presence when everyone's cheering.The actors were very charismatic and very good at bringing the audience into it. The servers were incredibly friendly and delightful to talk to. The food was fantastic. I'm a vegetarian so at first I was afraid that I would get some disgusting eggplant dish like they offer at Medieval Times, but I got a delicious plate of pasta (fork and all!), fresh vegetables, delicious potatoes, a biscuit, and a bowl of godly tomato soup. Oh man that soup was good. My fiance said his cornish game hen was excellent as well.They have free soda or diet soda, as well as a menu of alcoholic drinks you can purchase. On the menu was a souvenir mug for $18 but for some reason we were only charged $14. That was fine with us. You can get it filled with beer, daiquiris, margaritas, etc. It was a pretty big mug; almost everyone in France purchased one.Some people said they were worried about dirt getting in their food. We sat in the second row, maybe the first row is much different but I felt no fear of that.There were a few very large booms that scared the bejeezus out of us. It was hilarious.The only complaint that I have is this: Before the show someone goes around with a camera taking your picture, then they bring it to you blown up on a small cardboard frame and leave it at your station. They did this without saying anything. I was silly enough to assume that was ours to keep. I was utterly devastated when, at the end of the show, they came back around and told us it would be $20 to keep this picture pasted onto a piece of cardboard. I know we paid half price, but people pay as much as $70 a ticket and they want $20 more for something they're going to throw out anyway? I think that should have been worked into the price of the ticket, or at least have been considerably cheaper. Or, at the VERY least, we should be told beforehand that we can't just keep it so as not to get our hopes up. I can't tell you how disappointed I was about that.I probably wouldn't go out of my way to see the show again - like others have said, once you've seen it once, you've seen it a thousand times - and I don't know if I'd have gone if I'd have had to pay $70, but if you can get tickets on the cheap then I recommend it, definitely, especially if you have kids.
4	I'm the first to mock the whole Renaissance faire thing, but this show was awesome.  I was stone cold sober and had a great time.  You're obviously not going for the food so I'm not going to bother repeating what everyone has already said about the game  hen, lack of utensils, etc.The show, on the other hand, was entertainingly cheesy.  They very smartly divide the crowd into countries (and Dragon) so that everyone has a 'king' or 'czar' to cheer on.  I was 'Irish' that night and fortunately the Irish king was pretty hot so it wasn't hard to cheer him on.I was surprised at how caught up I and everyone else got caught up in the whole show.  It's not like you can't figure out how it's going to end, but it really was very well done.  I was particularly impressed with the choreography, they clearly spent a lot of time practicing to make it look as realistic as they could.  It's a little pricey, but if someone were to treat me (again), I'd go back.  Huzzah!I
4	We got a deal for 2 shows for $75 so we picked this & Criss Angel Believe. We ended up sitting in "Russia" and the seats were big and really comfortable unlike most other venues in vegas. Upon siitng they pour you a drink (soda) Alcohol is extra. Then they gave us some tomato soup which was delicious. The show starts and they bring out your food which is a cornish game hen, broccoli, potato wedges & a dinner roll. The cornish game hen was suprisingly good except parts were really dry. The dinner roll was nasty. The broccoli & potatoes were okay. The dessert was like an apple turnover type of thing which I dont like. While we were there this guy proposed to his girlfriend so that was cool. The show was funny and we actually ended up having a really good time. It was cheesy as others have said but I liked it better then Criss Angels Believe show. The knights were entertaining, especially our knight "russia" cuz he was a bit of a cheater. The crowd was great and suprisingly everyone got into it making it more entertaining. The choreography was actually good and the horses were awesome.I'd probably see it again if I got cheap tix. I don't think I'd pay the full $60 something.
5	I was contemplating on something to celebrate my 200th review, and I finally decided to give it to this Spectacular Dinner show in Las Vegas. They have been around for 20 Years, and we actually were there on their 20th Anniversary show complete with a Large 300 lbs. cake for Cast and Crew. We did get special Anniversary cookies. The show if you are not familiar is a Live Dinner Action Drama that plays out in front of you. Complete with Cornish Game Hens and Dinner fit for a "King".  Beware, there is no silverware allowed and you have to eat with your bare hands. The Show was Awesome with neat special effects. The Servers were very friendly and attentive to your needs. I have to say that watching Jousting and Swordplay was something you can see at a Renaissance Faire, but with the Dinner included; it was nothing short of Spectacular. Avoid paying full price by buying tickets at Tix 4 2nite Kiosks scattered all over the Strip. The tickets we bought were over 1/2 off the General Admission. Except that you had to get there before they open at 9:30am to be the 1st in line.  You can purchase all sorts of Tickets to the Events and Shows in Vegas. All in all a Very Entertaining and Family Friendly show that is definitely a "Must See" in Vegas.
4	DRAGON! DRAGON! DRAGON!As you can see, I sat in the dragon section which was pretty good. I got really into and and cheered really loud. But I have to admit Ireland's king was PRETTY DAMN HOT. Food: Eh... It's not too bad and it's edible... BUT i didn't come to this show for the food. Although they did give you plenty of food. I barely finished my chicken. Show:Loved the show. The fighting from the kings were really good and it didn't seem fake as some shows would make it. But it's definitely not good enough for me to go watch it again. There is a photographer that comes in the beginning that takes your picture. They then put the picture in front of you for you to decide if you want to buy it for $20 or not. The thing that really annoyed me was that the photographer came in the middle of the show to ask us if we wanted the picture. I was really annoyed because the fighting was getting intense and I wanted to watch it. I really thought they would came near the end of the show to ask. Eh.I sat in the first row and the waiter warned us that the horses might kick dirt into our food. But he would replaced it at no extra cost, which was a good thing to know. Although dirt never really got to us. At the end of the show, you get a chance to take a picture with some of the kings and their horses which was awesome!!!Service: The service for the food was good. No complaints here. Also there is no tip required! (since it's included into your ticket already)
5	I Love Tournament of Kings! I always seem to encourage everyone to check this out. It's a perfect package. Dinner and Show! I mean, c'mon, it's a perfect way to enjoy and relax.  The show: Hot! The actors are good-looking, talented. The show itself gets you excited 'coz they make it to a point that the audience is actively participating, like cheering and shouting! Cool.The dinner: Yummylicious! everyone get s a cornish hen on top of everything else they serve. I love that you have no utensils to use.. just your lovely hands. ;)  It's definitely a good way to change how you usually eat dinner. Haha.I got hyped up all the way to the end! and I love that there's photo ops at the end! My bf and I truly enjoyed the show!
4	First thing is, that entering this show you are not expected to take this production seriously, however "The Tournament of Kings" at the Excalibur hotel and casino is a great way to spend a diner with the family or with a date, yes a dinner. The food consists of a tomato and basle soup as a starter, a roasted chicken served with potatoes  broccoli, and a biscuit, then last a small apple pie, a good meal to go with a good show.The show it's self was a funny take on a medieval, 16 century festivals showcasing several different European countries section off by the audiences seating. Each country has a knight that participates in a collection of games. in these games the plot develops by the introduction of the villain a sorta dragon knight. The show its self can get corny with the jokes and bedazzled costumes. but like i mentioned your not here to take this serious and there are a good few laughs and action moments, not to mention some good looking male actors.Over all the food is good the entreatment can git a bit corny but over all fun and the service is incredibly kind and helpful so i do recommend going to see the "Tournament of Kings" if you got the money and time, or need a good way to keep the kids and Mrs entertained
4	Dinner and a show... come on what's there not to like about eating with your hands, cheering for a guy wearing a shirt  whose riding a horse and seeing a preview of the boys from thunder down under :P Remember to go to Tics4tonight for discounted tickets.  Oh if you sign up for the mobile text you'll get VIP pass and $2 dollars off up to $8.00 per order.  the food was pretty good consider it's mass produced and the previous reviews pretty much covered what it entails.  Go Norway... your long locks were mesmerizing!
4	This had been my second time attending this show, my others half's first.Food and entertainment paired together, cant go wrong there. PLUS you get to eat with your hands, how barbaric and a blast, ha! Dinner consisted of:Tomato soup - (Dragon's Blood, ha had to give my server a notch for trying to further add to the festivities). Soup had a great flavor, great consistency. Main entree - Cornish hen, potatoes, broccoli, and a biscuit. Everything was well cooked and seasoned. Desert - Apple turnover (small nothing to brag about), was good. Drinks - Soda/Water (unlimited) Alcohol is extra, go for the beer bucket, get more for your money (4 for the price of 3) The show gets the crowd involved, cheering for the country you are seated in. Got IRELAND this run (front row), land of liquid goodness, great music, and beautiful sights (ha maybe I'm biased eh?). The performance is phenomenal, talented people, blade sparks, jousting, pyrotechnics, well-trained, beautiful, and healthy horses.Not to expensive for a Vegas show pairing entertainment and dinner. If your into the Renaissance Faire/ Medieval Flare, this is a treat!
4	This was our first time to this venue and myself along with my 2 kids (11 & 13) really enjoyed it. Where else can you go to eat with your bare hands and watch and be part of a show where pounding on the table and yelling is allowed. Shows for LV residents were buy one get one free. My brother's girlfriend got the tickets for us. The food was pretty good. It comes with tomato soup, a whole Cornish hen, potatoes, biscuit, broccoli, and what supposed to be an apple turnover that resembled the taste of a streusel and unlimited Pepsi or Diet Pepsi.The tomato soup was really delicious. The Cornish hen was tastey and not dry, broccoli was broccoli, biscuit was a bit dry, and the apple pie was okay.The entertainment was during dinner and you really get involved cheering for the country your seating area represents.A lot of eye candy...Norway and Ireland was really nice to look at...LOL...and the extras looked like they belonged to Excalibur's other show Thunder from Down Under...LOL All in all a very enjoyable show, something the kids would enjoy.
4	This show was a lot of fun! Very cheesy (as if you didn't know that going in) but very cool! The food was good (tomato soup, a hen, veggies, potatoes and a bread roll) and the drinks are good as well! The actors interact with you which is cool (especially if you are the rooting for the bad guy and keep booing everyone else!).  It's a bit expensive but what isn't in sin city.  Great show to take your kids to!
4	WE WERE DRAGONS... YEAH!!!! ROARRRRR!!! :)good enough food (cornish hen, 2 small red potatoes, brocolli, a biscuit, unlimited soda,  a dessert turnover) with the exception of the Dragon Blood soup aka tomato basil soup, which although served from a pitcher, was excellent.The true value is the show itself... high production values... everyone in the audience gets into it despite the potentional for cheesiness, and the 20-something drunks are especially raucous & funny.Definitely a must if you have boys under 12 yrs old and worth the price...
3	Like everyone else said, extremely cheesy!! Food pretty decent. Soup and chicken good. Eat fast, because if you are on the front row, it will be covered in dirt in no time!! Young good looking guys on horseback? Yes please!! We had a good time laughing @ the over the top "acting".
4	Especially if you can get half price tickets this is a great deal for this Medieval Times Knockoff Show. It makes it an even better deal because you get a meal too, which, hey, 'free' food, awesome!You get exactly what the show advertises, which I like. No secrets here, just jousing and kings and food and horses. Lotsa fun.
4	Cliche can be FUN...We were sucked into this place because it was a must-do on the Vegas list and we had kids with us... upon reading up on it more, I found that you ate with your hands while watching the show.  I also was lead to believe we'd all get crowns, but I mistook that for Medieval Madness elsewhere... so no crowns.  Boo.The food was fantastic although we had to eat it with our hands and nothing else.  The tomato soup was similar to a bisque, and the cornish hen had a crispy outer skin and tender meaty bits on the inside.  I was happy to consume the steamed broccoli, but surprisingly the most difficult thing for me the grasp eating with my hands was the potato...?  I'm going to say that's just me... and not the potato's fault.  I usually HATE eating anything that requires my working with my hands [ie: peeling shrimp/crawfish] but I amazed myself with how efficiently I was able to consume my meal and finish before the beastly ogre I call my boyfriend.  Goes to show how well prepared the dish is...Nothing for options though.  It's a pre-fixe menu with your choice of coke or some other soft drink liquid.  Servers run by and refill without disrupting too much of the show, and are quick to accomodate date when asking for extras like ketchup/condiments.I was dressed to impress because I thought we might be going out afterward, but save it for later people.  NO reason to dress up for this place at all, since you're sitting in the dark and the focus is on the show.  It is also laid out like stadium seating, so make sure you line up for your seats next to those you are most comfortable with seeing you elbow deep in your medieval meal.They offer military discounts and group discounts at the door, and yes, they stack too.  Family friendly for children and adults.
4	"Cliche can be FUN..." Sharon T. is right.I saw this show before I was 21 and it was the highlight of the trip. You are assigned a country and you sit in the area and cheer and cheer for them. We sat in Ireland and they actually won. You also get dinner and its all about the hands. Nothing but your fingers and darkness. The soup was wonderful and the chicken was forgettable, but the whole experience was great.
4	OMG.  I just got to say that when my boyfriend first told me about "Tournament of Kings" I was thinking, "say whaaat?"  I've never gone to any of these types of shows before.  I didn't know what to expect, but based on my rating, obviously I had a great time.  For the price you pay, the food and entertainment was great.  You get a pretty hefty meal:  tomato soup, cornish hen, potatoes, biscuit,  broccoli, and dessert.  We got to feed our faces and yell "HUZZAH!!!" every time our fair maiden told us to.  Plus, all the eating is done by hand... old school style.  Medieval old school.I was quite surprised by the various kings' riding skills.  They were galloping around, throwing spears, fighting with swords.  Impressive.  It also helps that they were quite handsome.  I kept thinking, "my friends would loooove this..."  When the dudes came out shirtless in leather thongs, I actually started thinking they might be the same guys who do the "Thunder Down Under" show.    I totally recommend it.  It's good for kids and adults.  Just be sure to "HUZZAH" and pound the tables, don't be one of those boring farts that just sit there.  ENJOY!
4	Highly recommended if you have kids.  Great family outing in Vegas.  You get a decent show and food.  The food was okay, but the tomato soup was excellent.No utensils here...it's finger lickin' good.
1	This is the kind of spot you go to when you go to Las Vegas with your parents and your siblings are still underage.  So here I am trying to get a buzz at the Tournament of Kings in Excalibur, woooo hoooooo!This review is for the service.  Not the show, not the food.We ordered a bucket of beer and glass of wine.  Took the lady like 15 minutes to bring the drinks.  We were served the food before the drinks came out which sucked.If you buy tickets for this show, all I can recommend is to not get Robert as a server.  He was serving Hungary when we had the misfortune of experiencing his disastrous service. First, he literally poured 1/6 of the tomato soup in our bowl.  I was lucky to find the pitcher at the end of the table so I simply poured my sister and myself a bit more to fill maybe half the bowl.  As soon as Robert noticed my clever trick  he says "Oh you want more? well here you go" and filled the bowl to the top to the point it spilled.  My sister was like... hey not so much.. He said "well now it's too late so drink it!"  WTF dude, chill out.Second, we're not to fans of eating with our hands when you only get one napkin so we asked for eating utensils.  Robert simply threw (yes, he actually threw it) a bunch of silverware out of his pocket and said: "here, this is all I have, so share it!" This dude was simply lucky I was with my parents before I threw back the hot soup and stabbed him with a butter knife.  He ruined my whole experience.  For this reason you get one star Tournament of Kings... The show was great and the food was pretty decent but one person can change that experience just by giving customers a bad attitude.  We paid over $300 here so please let Robert clean tables going forward.
3	This is very similar to Medieval Times. You are assigned a country to root for and you scream and HOOZAH! every time they come out. You are fed a dinner of tomato soup, chicken with potatoes, broccoli, and a biscuit, and an apple tart thing for dessert. The tomato soup was really good but the rest of the food was mediocre. I remember thoroughly enjoying going to Medieval Times as a kid, but now that I'm older the whole thing has lost its allure. Its definitely more geared towards families with young children. I did enjoy the buff, shirtless men in the show but not enough to go see the show again.
4	HUZZAH, yeah maybe it's a bit cheesy, all the cheering, beefcake, and pretty dancing girls, but isn't that what Vegas is all about? We sat in Hungary row D and had a great time. The voice audio was a bit on the timid side, in fact, at times it was hard to understand. In regards to the meal, it was pretty good considering you don't get utensils unless you request them. Actually, the tomato soup was really good and it was fun seeing the family eating with their fingers, albeit in the dark. I was really impressed with the production and the horsemanship was very slick considering the size of the arena. Do wish they would allow you to take one picture at the end of the show with all the horses and characters on display. A really great show for the entire family. Chose these tickets as the second half of the two shows for $75 package. Well worth it.
4	Okay, this was one of our unexpected surprises. My husband is gluten free and he thought he would not be able to eat much of their set menu. Our waiter was very nice. He went out of his way to go all the way to the other restaurant kitchen (not part of the tournament show) and brought him fresh fruit for desert. Amazing service.  (OK, they do need to restock their gluten free beer because they were out when we were there.)Our kids enjoyed the show but it was really loud. I would recommend ear plugs if you are sensitive to loud noises.
4	We got tickets at the Tix4Tonight stand and two tickets were  around $94.It is a small venue at the Excalibur inside the arcade area. I thought that was kind of weird to be all the way downstairs, stucked away...oh wellz...whatever works right?We sat in the Ireland section...yeahhh!!!!! The food was pretty delicious surprisingly. The cornish hen (wait...was it chicken????) was flavorful and if i could've taken the dessert to-go, i would. Had a few bites but was way too full to eat the rest. They also serve beer for an additional price so all you alcoholics that somehow got dragged or forced to see this, have no fear.The show was very entertaining....if you have a rowdy crowd, it would be more fun. Our crowd that night was....eh...they started off quiet but loosened up a bit in the end. Even though our knight lost every battle, we still had a great time cheering!!!!  HUZZAH!!!!!!!!
5	This was one of the best shows I've ever seen in Vegas. Though, I fell a sleep (some people can't handle Vegas) briefly I was completely entertained. First just to get this out of the way. This an excellent place to take your kids (but who would bring kids to Vegas??) and parents (even more.. who would go to Sin City with their parents???) The show is an interactive show with Knights, Prince, Maidens, King, Merle, Dragon, Court Jester, etc.. Full on show with dinner to eat with the King. They bring you a 3 course meal with no utensils. The food was actually better then the Salmon I had at the Hard Rock Cafe' the previous night. So, much food I couldn't eat it all (not even half). It was a lot of fun to be a part of a show that was so lively and had an audience ready for fun as well. My group of six same age demographic and both sexes all had a lively and two thumbs up time!!! =) P.S. this venue was ridiculously cheap. We got 2 shows for $75 at the Luxor box office. It was Criss Angel's Cirque du Soliel and obviously this one. However, I do not suggest the Criss Angel show at any price, including FREE!!!..
3	I'm kinda embarrassed writing this review.  YES, I went to the show...with my Mother in Law.  We're heading out to find a nice place for dinner and she sees the sign for this show and says she's always wanted to see a show like this.  Hmmm, I get to eat with my hands, shirtless men on horseback and it kills a few hours (saves money because we're not on the slots).  OK, let's do it. The food was not bad.  It was not great but not bad.  The Cornish game hen was well cooked, served with tomato soup, broccoli, potatoes a biscuit and some dessert.  I really like eating with my hands - no problem there!  We sat in Norway - cute how every country wins something at sometime to keep you engaged.  Well choreographed, good sound effects and it was entertaining.  Good family entertainment.
2	A MUST if you bring your kids (under 12 years of age) to Vegas. A PASS if your an adult. The show was OK, if you have been to "Medieval Times" don't bother with this very bad knock off. The food was just ok. Don't go expecting fine dining, good quality and taste. It's strickly for the entertainmet. The entertainment was fine, kept me away from blow that on the tables for the 90 minutes. It's 90 minutes I will never get back.
4	If you are a fan of medieval times, this is a must see show!One star off because I wouldn't watch this again.I feel that this is a show you would only watch once. No need to watch it again. But this doesn't mean I wasn't a fan of the show. The kings/horsemens and horses were pretty awesome. I wasn't actually more fascinated by the horses than the knights/kings.My boyfriend & I bought two tix from the tix4tonight stand. $40 per ticket including dinner. Not bad. We got there a little bit late. I think 5 minutes after the show started. We were sitting at section A in Austria. I was pretty stoked bc we were sitting at the front. The show is fairly long and entertaining. They try to get the audience involved as much as they can. They got be kazaaa-ing and boo-ing with the entertainers. It only part that sucked was that even though we were sitting close to the stage, the king was facing us so sometimes we weren't able to see what was going on.The food was much better than I expected. I agree with everyone - the tomato soup was probably the better part of the meal. I don't even LIKE tomato soup and I actually finished mine off. Also, you will eat with your hands. So WASH your hands prior to the show. I was kind of surprised they didn't give you wash cloths before you ate since there weren't any utensils. The entree wasn't bad, you get full small sized chicken with broccoli and potatoes.  Desert was an apple pie. And full pitcher of water. Hah. I think it's like $5 bucks for a mug of beer or something.I have to give it to the performers. Their performances were flawless and the jousting looked surreal. But seriously - the horses were intelligent as hell. They were trained on point for every move. Also, the horsemens were very nice at the end because they made sure we were clapping for the horses too! :PAnd you get to see few half-naked men with six packs! hah!
4	This is a fun show and one of few places you can take your kids in Vegas.  Kill two birds with one stone since dinner is included!  The service staff was very friendly despite having to deal with so many kids!
4	Tournament of Kings far exceeded my expectations. Obviously directed towards families with kids, I think that couples with an open mind would also enjoy this as I did with my girlfriend.Although this is a similar show to Medieval Times, the entertainment factor and level of professionalism from the performers far exceeded that of Medieval Times. It made for a great show and well worth the price paid which you can get tickets along the strip cheaper than face value. I purchased my tickets at the mall directly across from the Wynn for $34.99. I'm sure there are cheaper rates available but that is the best I could find without doing any deep research.One of my complaints is that the food was very poor. I didn't exactly expect a perfect meal for the price and cost of entertainment but it seemed like the some of the items were cooked the day before and then reheated. However, the chicken and tomato soup were both very good and at least edible compared to some of the other items.Word of warning also is that alcohol is not free and is very expensive for what is provided. You can get a 12-16 oz collectors mug of Bud Light or Budweiser for $12 or any other mixed drink. Wine is also available at a high price and I am not sure of the quality of what you will get. If you are planning to come to this show to drink then I would have to advise against it.Overall, the entertainment factor and performance level of the show was great and it is well worth the price paid.
3	The meal was ok.   Tomato soup was probally the best part of the meal, Roast Chicken, home fries, brocolli, roll which were ok, and a apple tart that you can skip.  Basically a mass produced meal on a plate.This is medieval times in an arena theater.  There is Merlin, King Authur, Kings,and horses.  The sword play, jousting, and battles are heavily choreographed.  The horsemanship was a good site to see.   The horses are amazing and enjoyable to watch.   They take the show.  The best part is the cheering and jeering from the audience for your king.   Great entertainment for children.  A kid friendly show in Vegas.
5	Hazzzzzaaaahhhh!!!!!Always have a blast when I go to Tournament of Kings! So what if it is directed towards the families and the young ones? Any place where I can eat with my hands, pound on the tables and wave my hands in the air while rooting on my knight is a 5 star in my book!  Buff shirtless guys too...HELLO!Find a local and make them get you the, "buy one, get one" ticket deal. Haaaazzzaaahhhh!!!
3	Tournament of Kings was a lot of fun! It was ridiculous and cheesy but in all the right ways. And the knights were great eye candy!The dinner was so-so but I didn't expect much when cooking for the masses. The game hen was tasty but a bit dry but I actually enjoyed the idea of eating with my hands and throwing all manners to the wayside. They encourage you to be rowdy! Yell! Scream! Eat with your hands! Slosh your drink around! Boo your hiney off! It was a really nice escape from the strip. There were tons of kids around but some parts were a bit darker so I would suggest you don't take young children that scare easily.  Overall, cool show to take the family, affordable and a great time!
5	You know what sucks? Hiking 7 hours a day, two days in a row at over 100 degrees F. You know what doesn't suck? Tournament of Kings.When I heard I was going to Vegas for work for a couple days, I made this a priority. It did not disappoint. The show: The acting was cheesy, but so much fun. The sword play was surprisingly fast and exciting. The tournament games were fun. The wenches dancing around and acting as cheerleaders for the kings were a particularly good touch. Seating everyone in different sections for different countries is awesome. Giving them someone to root for makes for a much more enjoyable time. The food: The first course, tomato soup, was easily the best tomato soup I've ever had. The second course, a game hen and some veggies, was decent. The meat was good and the biscuit was delicious. I didn't eat much of the desert.This is a show I would definitely go see again, all of the corny action and humor mixed with good food and being encouraged to scream and pound on the table. Can't beat it.
4	love love love this show! Is a must see show for everyone! Don't think this show is just for families with children...oh no as this show will bring out the kid in all of us grown ups as well! Horses, jousting, wenches, dancing maidens, medieval garb, and delicious food how can you go wrong? Three course meal which is really good, juicy cornish game hen! This is a small scale version of "Medieval Times" By far the best dinner show in Las Vegas. Locals Offer: 2 for 1 Tournament of Kings Tickets You will love this show more than you think! Try it!
4	My friends suggested that we go see a show but we didn't know what we wanted to see. Tickets to this were about 35.00 bucks a person. I was like "oh come on guys, What are we 8th grade medieval larper nerds, the good looking people going to the MGM clubs are going to come over here and pick on us just for being outside the door." - Just like high school all over again. With that said I am so happy I went. I had so much fun!!!!! Now..... disclaimer this is only fun if you get into it, if you don't then you will just be a bummer. The food is not that bad, my friend devoured his entire tiny chicken bird in under 3 minutes. For vegetarians they give you ravioli which I don't think is as good as the tiny bird they serve the regulars. During the performance you get to see knights and some pretty good choreographed sward scenes, Merlin, dancing medieval chicks, fireworks, fire and best of all horses. At the end of the show some of the knights will come out and take picture with you and answer you questions. During the time I had to drag my friend away after she started to ask the knight if he liked his job and the horse he was riding during the show, i think she was hitting on the knight, she begs to differ. So make a long review short defiantly worth the money for the fun. Go if your 10 or is your 100. But be prepared to participate.
4	The show was a lot of fun. The kids were thrilled. The look on their faces said it all. All the seating is basically front row as you sit in rows that are unabstructed by the row in front of you.Food was very good too. You eat with your hands. We got cornish hens, small potatoes, broccoli, and tomatoe soup.There were really only two negatives. First is the price.... $65 per ticket when you throw in tax and their bs "service fee" of $15/ ticket.One last thing. The food gave me and the kids EXPLOSIVE diarrhea. A few minutes after eating I felt like I had an upset stomach. The next thing I know I'm running out of the show full speed to the restroom and I just barely made it. I was stuck on the toilet for 15 minutes with uncontrollable diarrhea. After the show everyone was in the toilet taking huge dumps.
3	This is more of a show for Kids but my wife and I had a deal at luxor for two show for $75 and this was one of the choices( excalibur and luxor have the same owners) so we decided to see this show because there is a similar show in California at  Medieval times which we had seen when we were kids so we decided to to check it out. There were actually a lot of adults there without kids but there was also a lot of families there as that is this shows target audience. You have to walk through the arcade to get to the show but once you are inside the show is very fun and you get dinner too. If you are an adult without kids seeing this show be ready to let go a little or the show will not be as fun. They also have a full bar :-). The show features knights fighting and kings and wizards. (if you have been to Medieval Time it is the exact same plot) The food was good the soup was amazing. AMAZING!! you also get a chicken potatoes veggies biscuit and desert. Everything was good although the chicken was a little dry but they cook them in mass quantities because everyone get the same meal. ( there is a vegetarian option but not sure how that works. Overall good show if you have lttle kids in Vegas with you take them to the show they will love it. If you are there with some friends its a good show if you get over the cheesy factor.
5	Haaaazzzaaahhhh!!!This was so much fun. When they say "Eat, drink and be roudy" I wasn't sure what they meant, but--to be able to pound on the tables, cheer for your king and watch the athletic ability of the "kings" WOW--amazing. Lots of fun, lots of action, good food and a chance to become a kid again. I would recommend this for anyone even the little kids were having fun. The horses were great and the show moved really quick. The service was great. Well worth the money spent. Wish we had known about other pricing opportunities, but still lessons learned, but wouldn't trade the experience. I had FUN!!!AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
3	they really do make you eat with your hands!!! the food was decent. the soup was good, but it got cold really fast. The game hen was good just a bit dry. the desert was blah..... the show is funny, but really really corny. Great for kids tho!
5	I've been here twice! You can't beat the atmosphere! You're part of an interactive medieval show. The food is tasty but it's no fine dining. Dinner is a Cornish game hen, a large broccoli stem, potatoes, and dragon's blood (tomato) soup. And you have to eat with only your hands, which adds to the experience. The servers keep your drinks topped up. It's family friendly as well as a blast for a group of bachelors. Before you buy full price tickets, be sure to check the "tickets for today" booth as you can usually get TOK tics for half off. HUUZAAAAH!
5	This show was so much fun!Dinner AND a show?! How can it get much better?!  Its great how they interact with the audience and make it fun. The food is so good and you eat with your hands! The beer is served cold and you get to cheers or as they say "hazah!" with it in your huge frosty mug!A bit pricey, but well worth it. I am an adult and it made me feel like a kid again :)
5	Took the family to this show while vacationing in Las Vegas. We had a great time! The dragons blood soup was super delicious. The rest of the meal consisted of a whole chicken, brocolli, dinner roll and a couple whole red potatoes. Very entertaining!
5	My wife and I love medieval books, movies, and just this sort of thing, so my review is somewhat biased but I will be critical too because everything was not as good as it gets. If I could give 4 and a half stars I would.We did the dinner and show package.The dinner:So many reviews I have read say the "Dragon's Blood" tomato bisque is amazing. Even the bartender at Dick's said it was exceptional. I was expecting something soooo good but what I got was typical tomato soup from a can that was served piping hot. Ok. The main course, Cornish game hen, whole chicken or whatever it was, was ok as well. It was served so friggin hot, I could barely pull off the legs and eat them without burning myself. I mean I get the whole "no utensils in medieval times thing" and while it added to the immersion of the event, it also took away from what could have been a good meal. The downside to eating a fresh hot chicken without utensils is by the time I could split the breast open and eat it without burning my hands, it was starting to get cold, and by then it was just meh. The broccoli and potatoes were good and easy to eat as they were not as hot to the touch, as was the dinner roll. The piece of strudel for desset was tasty as well. Our server was quick to refill our tankards during our meal.The show:Merlin did a great job of instructing us how to cheer. Huzzah! How to drink, ahhh! and how to bang our palms on the table. Gotta be careful with that, almost ended up with Dragons Blood soup on my lap! They say if you cheer your knight on loud enough, he will win whatever event he is participating in. I find this hard to believe and I think it is all predetermined ahead of time but we cheered our heads off anyway. We were seated in the Russia section and our knight was a bit of a cheater but it made it fun to watch and we cheered him on anyway. The whole event had a cool storyline too if you follow it. I won't give away any other details as it may spoil the show for some, but it had everything we expected. Singing, dancing, jousting, fancy horse riding, dazzling sword fighting, plus some nifty special effects. There were even cute wenches for the guys to look at, and bare chested muscled guys for the women to whistle at.Even though we did not find the meal to be as amazing as some others claim, we will probably do this again, just because we found it to be so entertaining.
5	Dinner show was fun!! Food was good too.. Everything about this show was amazing from beginning to end!! A must see attraction while in Vegas!!
3	I have mixed feelings about this show but I will be straight up honest.  It is totally over-priced, really cheesy, terrible weirdo food (the giant broccoli scared me), but we can't stop talking about it.  It was almost worth the experience b/c we constantly joke about how awful it was.  If you go try and get 1/2 price tickets.  That makes it more doable.  And maybe it's best to go slightly buzzed.  Actually just get drunk before you go and ask to sit in the Irish section.
5	The food was great.  I normally don't like tomato soup but the "Dragon's Blood" soup was amazing.  The whole chicken was good and it was fun to eat without any silverware.  The potatoes were great.  Everything else was great.  The dessert seemed very similar to an apple pop tart and was not amazing.  Their selection of sodas left a lot to be desired.  I inquired about soda flavors and it turned out they had I think two flavors and you get served Pepsi unless you specify otherwise.The show was a lot of fun even if it was a bit cheesy.  The attacks looked like they were aimed for the opponents shield 75% of the time and I'm sure they were pulling punches...  I saw one attack which was pulled so much that it didn't make contact.  There was a lot more fire than I'd expected and the theatrics were entertaining even if the fighting didn't seem even remotely real.The story seems like it is probably the same every time: The russian guy is a jerk and cheats at the games somehow, Mordred comes in, etc. etc.We sat in the "Dragon" section and from what I can tell that was probably the best section to have been sitting in even though we were rooting for evil and thus were sure to lose.  It might have helped the fun that the entire row behind us was occupied by cowboys that were probably already tipsy when they arrived; the rodeo was in town.
2	Yes, I'm going to give the Tournament of Kings two stars, because I'm a mean, mean woman.  I've been there before - many years ago - and NOTHING HAS CHANGED.  I think they still use the same audio track for the characters.  Also, is it wrong for me to root for the villain to win, and not feel badly when the good king dies?  Yes and yes, I know. I guess if you go to this, you know what you're getting.  You're not going for the food, which is passable, and you're not going for a real medieval-style jousting tournament, because that's not happening.  You're going, because you're have small children, or you're intoxicated and someone gave you free passes, or a bit of both.  The swordsmanship and horsemanship is very good, and I appreciate the effort cast members put into the show - that said, the King of Ireland looks REALLY bored to be there.  Cheer up, pip. One of the things that tickles me is that the entrance to this is down in the dungeon where the arcade games are - it just seems like an odd place for an entrance to an arena,
3	This show is good for two types of people: children and drunk people.Bought tickets like 2 hours before the show at one of the Excalibur box offices. The person made it sound like it was completely booked because he told us that we only had the choice of the Dragon or Russia section. Choose the Dragon section. When we got there only the Dragon and Russia sections were full, there was barely anyone in Austria.The show started a little late which I think slightly threw off the servers because some servers started serving the food while our server stood in the back with the food and a confused look on his face. But once the food was out it just kept coming. Got the soup (which was good) before the show began. The cornish hen came right before the show began which made it slightly difficult to eat and participate with the "huzzahs" and "here heres" at the same time. And the apple tart arrived while I was still eating the cornish hen. Even though everything seemed a little off with timing, the servers were great and my drink was always filled.The food itself was eh. The tomato basil soup was good. The cornish hen was a little dry. And the apple tart was cold by the time I tried it so it wasn't that great.The show itself was eh. Nothing too special. Half of it probably had to do with the atmosphere -- just not a lot of people there. And the storyline was very predictable. It would be more interesting if the storyline changed based on audience participation but I guess that would put a lot more work on the cast members to have to come up with a different scenario for each one.It's something you might want to see once. But you would probably not want to go again after.
2	+ Norway is hot...- everything else...PROS:it's a show that comes with food.  the show is pretty interactive and very family friendly (if you have kids, i'd suggest this show).  The food was actually pretty decent...but bland if there wasn't salt.CONS:can be kind of cheesy (but not that bad).  WHY DID I GO??:I was a newbie to vegas, so I pretty much said i'm down to everything my friends wanted to do.  My friend suggested the dinner/show which i was hesitant to say yes to to begin with, mainly because for $70 (with taxes & fees included) i rather spend a little more money for a super good show...which kind of turned out to be true.  granted, i showed up a little tipsy, and LITERALLY fell asleep during the show, but from what my friends said, our king (the section you sit in) Norway was pokin fun at that drunk girl passed out in the second row...so i was glad to provide entertainment for everyone.  but for dinner AND a show, it was ok.  probably wouldn't go see it again, just because it's not my type of thing...unless i had kids, then i'd take them to see this cause it was fun.
4	This show was awesome
5	Awesomest show in Vegas! I went to Criss Angel the night before and it didn't even compare to this show. It had great energy and humor especially Merlin. The performers were well trained and the games and battle scenes were intense. I assumed it would look slow and fake but the swords were real and they really hit it eachother hard I was very impressed. I thought the dancers were beautiful and talented. The tomato soup was actually pretty delicious sort of like spaghetti-o's. The chicken was dry and I didn't particularly enjoy it but the show made up for it! Worth the $$. Great for kids and adults!
5	BEST DINNER AND A SHOW I have experience EVER! The food was good, a whole game hen, some potatoes, a biscuit and tomato soup. At the beginning with the Jester and King Arthur it was kind of cheesy, but as things progressed it was a really GOOD time. The flag boys and Norway was some hot hot fellows, and the girls were gorgeous with rockin bodies. I will def. come back to watch the show more than once, and We loved being the bad guys. GO DRAGONS.  Ahhhh until next time, I shall dream of the shirtless men  =p
5	This is a great show for a family.  The entertainers work with the crowd getting you excited and cheering at the right times and the action is like watching a live movie, very impressive stunt work.  The show plays out like a story, so there is more to it than just watching sword fighting and jousting.You get seated in different sections according to the King you are supposed to be rooting for, like France, Russia, etc.  There is also the Dragon section which is the bad guy.  I bought my tickets online and didn't have an option in the section, but if you call or buy them at the box office maybe you can choose.The meal is all eaten with your hands and includes a soda, tomato bisque soup, cornish game hen, broccoli with red potatoes and an apple tart for dessert.For dinner and a show at around $70 seems like a great deal to me.
5	The Tournament of Kings show is cheesy, over the top and completely entertaining. Our group had a fantastic time. And surprisingly, the food was good too.We were seated in Russia's section, second row. The storyline is very interactive with lots of audience participation. All the entertainers seemed really into their character, which was nice to see.Water and soda are free. A bar menu is also available. I will upload a pic of the food. The chicken was very moist. It would have been nice to have some sort of sauce to tie the whole dish together (however I do realize that may or may not be compliant with the medieval (sans silverware) theme) so I ended up dipping my broccoli into the tomato soup, which tasted delicious.I think ToK is a great, entertaining show that is completely different than the other shows on the Strip.
5	Show was great! Very interactive with all the guests. Everyone is always shouting. Kids, and adults, couples and families. The story line is predictable, good always triumphs over evil. 2 of the kings were super HOTT! I wasn't even screaming for my country, I was screaming and waving at the king of the country next to me haah. Drunk or sober, it's a great show to attend!The chicken was a bit dry. THe soup was delicious. But didn't care about the dryness bc I wast even looking at what I was eating. Plus I dipped the dry chicken into my soup :)
4	Great Show ..... went there 3 times ..... only thing is we order drinks and there was mix with water and you know that makes it taste like shit...... for show 5 stars for food 4 for drinks 1.........
4	My experience was.. OK. I went there with my cousins and my parents on the Fourth of July, and to be honest, it wasn't really my cup of tea. I'm not really a loud person, and it was a bit rowdy for my taste. The show, however, was superb. What really peaked my interest was the horses. They were all so gorgeous! Especially the Friesian (for those of you who aren't as horse-obsessed, the black horse that is ridden by the Dragon knight.) I did notice that one of the horses was favoring its right rear leg. I believe it was the dun, but I'm not completely sure. Anyway, back to my review. We were seated in Row D of the Austria section in seats 27- 32. Pretty good seats if you ask me. The service was a bit slow, but that can only be expected with a stadium full of people, and it was on a holiday. The show , in my opinion, was very well coordinated, and super entertaining to watch. The actors do a great job, and the horses know every move by heart. The other thing that I really liked was that the actors really knew how to get everyone involved in the show. That's a really smart idea, especially dealing with kids and teenagers that lose interest quickly. The only thing that didn't really seem up to standard was the food. I have heard so many great reviews about the food, but for me I thought it was average at best. The soup could have literally been Campbell's. I have tasted a lot of soups in my lifetime, but this one was not up to par. It was pretty much all cream, a little tomato flavoring and no basil. If it is to be advertised as "Tomato-Basil Soup" it SHOULD at least have some basil. Instead of the Cornish Game hen, I decided to go with the Cheese Ravioli. I wasn't exactly thrilled with that either. The sauce was way to sweet, and the ravioli themselves were stuck together, and were really hard. I still ate all of it, but it is not one of the better dinners I've had. The dessert was also standard. It could have been made by Hostess brand desserts. It tasted exactly like the kind of desserts I can get in my high school's cafeteria (which is disgusting, let me tell you). Overall, I wasn't pleased with the meal, but hey! It's really about the show anyway. You come to have a fun time rooting for your country's (or your favorite, in my case) king, and to have a night off with your friends and family.
5	I just love this show!It never gets old. I have seen in probably a dozen plus times.It has changed a bit over the years. When I was younger it was called "King Arthur's Tournament".Also the "gruel" you drink used to be cream of chicken soup but now it is tomato.The Cornish game hen is tasty and who doesn't like eating with your hands? I love the feel of actually being allowed to eat with my hands and not have that vision on my head of my Mom giving me an awkward eye for having bad manners.It can be very loud so keep that in mind. Everyone cheering and having a great time together is really the best part of it.If you haven't been yet that at least try it once! This place is great for kids too!A few things to note:-Kids 3 and under can get in free but must sit on their parents lap and share their parents food.-Tickets are $59 per person plus tax.-Tickets for those who want to skip the dinner but enjoy the show are $44.35 plus tax.-If you purchase your tickets online they add a $5 handling fee versus if you buy the tickets in person there isn't one.-They offer group rates for parties of 15 or more-Tickets are good for 120 days from date of purchase.-With local ID you can get 20% off for up to 8 tickets and you must purchase these in person to show your valid NV ID.-Persons sensitive to horses, dust or with allergies, asthma or respiratory conditions should attend at their own risk because there are fireworks and horses and dust that flies up form the horses and some seats are pretty up close and personal.
4	Cheesy but fantastic all at the same time! I don't think there is a bad seat in the house which is nice. $60 per person gets you a fun show and dinner that you have to eat with your hands. Dinner consists of a cornish hen, tomato soup, a roll, some veggies and something similar to an apple crisp for dessert.Singing, jousting and just a genuine fun time for all ages. Love it!
4	At first thought, eating with your bare hands was not appealing what's so ever...this was the first time here.A you are guided to your designated land a.k.a seats (we were in Russia, while others were located under Ireland, Spain, Dragon, etc) we were immediately given our drink. Now what's not impressive was the silverware, since I've heard that Medieval Times in Buena Park, CA serves their food with "authentic" silver plates. Here, it was plastic.The magician and his little accomplice talked us through how we were to cheer, while our waitress served us our soup and entree. Soup: tomato. Entree: biscuit, 2 small potatoes, one whole chicken, large bushel of broccoli. To be honest, it wasn't bad at all. Then again, my attention was directed to the fireworks, jousting, dancing girls and knights...which made the dinner 20 times better.I had such an amazing time there! There was tons and tons of cheering and at times, booing...but overall- good ole fun time with the cousins.Going back to California to compare and contrast medieval times with this.Oh. As far as pricing goes, its approximately $58-60 bucks a pop.
4	Went on a Wednesday and the place was packed. Service was a little slow in our section of Spain. The food was actually decent. Cornish Game Hen, Broccoli, Boiled Potatoes and a Biscuit. We had 2 vegetarian children with us. No problem, they were served cheese ravioli and broccoli. Dessert was an apple turnover, again decent.The show was great and the horses were beautiful. Very entertaining for children and adults. Oh, I forgot to mention that they serve Cocktails!!Will definitely return but will be skipping the arcade on the way out. =)
3	This show is perfect to bring a medieval-enthusiast to. In my case, I took my boyfriend and he absolutely loved it.We bought our show tickets on www.vegas.com, and somehow got seats that were front row and center in the middle section of the audience. But honestly, no matter where you sit, you'll still get a good view. The actors and performers travel all around the arena, so you'll never miss a good moment.Although we arrived 15 minutes late (due to uncontrollable circumstances), they still let us in and we got our food shortly after. I wasn't too fond of eating with my hands but the food they served wasn't too greasy or messy. Honestly? I thought the food was delicious for the price they charged for the show tickets. The serving staff isn't great with their customer service, as my boyfriend tried to order a beer and had no luck. Be careful if you're a slow eater, as they will whisk away your plates if you don't make it clear that you're still eating. They're constantly moving back and forth...and don't do much talking with the people they're serving.The majority of Yelpers wrote exactly what I was thinking when I was watching the show. It is cheesy...but you have to remember that it's a medieval-themed performance. OF COURSE it's going to be cheesy! Everything is staged and rehearsed many times by the actors. I think it's steered a little bit more towards children but still entertaining for adults, nonetheless. My favorite part about the show were the outfits of all of the knights and dancers.The show IS a little bit shorter than other shows in Vegas. But still a good time if you're into rowdy environments and cheering for the king that belongs to the section you're sitting in. There are also cool effects they use throughout the show like fireworks. But I have to warn those that aren't into loud and interactive places, this kind of show isn't for everyone.
3	This show hasn't changed. I've seen it a couple three times, but not for about a decade. It loses a lot of the magic after your first experience and the decade since my last showing hasn't helped restore any of it. But by all means, if you've never done Tournament of Kings, I recommend it. It's a fun evening as long as you're willing to eat cornish game hen with your hands (that part was still delicious, by the way). I'd love to one day be in the Dragon section, just so that we can root for the bad guy. For now, I'll settle for Mother Russia--our king was of the more mischievous and dirty sort.
4	The Tournament of Kings is a King Authur's Camelot themed dinner show performed at the "Dungeon" level of Excalibur.  It is a show geared towards families, younger audiences, and fans of the Renaissance Festival.As it is a dinner show, you will be served a whole roasted cornish game hen (you are living large eating this presumably back in the knight in shinning armor fighting for the honor of your lady, hunting down the mystical dragon days... Ahhh, 'ye good olde days when life was so much more simpler), big old stalk of steamed broccoli, some red bliss potatos, and the magical never-emptied mug of brew or sweet carbonated elixir.  But the food is not the reason to go experience this, especially if you have never been to it.The magic of Camalot, as told by knight kings from across the land, performing featsof knightly skills on horseback and sword play, is the reason to go.  Plus the ladies all love a picture (or three) with the knights after the show. Service is good.  The staff have years of banquet experience serving the guests of the Tournament of Kings, and you are usually too engrossed in what is happening in the arena than to notice that your nearly emptied mug of sweet fizzy elixir magically replenished itself.Definitely go take your kids to enjoy this while they are young, and the magic to be awe and amused by the spectacles is high.  Although this show is also rather popular with the high school kids, as I have been told.
5	What a blast this was!Everyone has seen those medieval dinner shows in the movies (The Cable Guy had one). They look a little corny in the movies but, you know what? They're a lot of fun in person!I attended the Tournament of Kings a few years ago on a family vacation, and it was quite a hoot. Everyone is seated around a large pit, so it's sort of like a miniature medieval colosseum. Servers dressed as maids bring you your meal which is a small chicken (an entire chicken for one person!), broccoli, and a bun. You also get a large drink in an authentic medieval stein. As you eat, a tournament is enacted in the pit for the 100 or so people to watch. It depicts kings of various medieval kingdoms fighting each other in a tournament. Different seating areas are designated as kingdoms and you have to cheer on your assigned king during to meal to make him perform better. The ultimate victor is basically determined by which crowd cheers on their king the loudest. When we attended, our king was the winner, which was cool! I won't spoil what happens after that because it was pretty unexpected, but it very cool.The show has great costumes, live horses, fantastic sound, and impressive effects. Highly recommended for anyone in Vegas, it must be experienced at least once.
5	The show is very amusing and entertaining.  And I'm so glad we were in the France section.  Our blonde king was gorgeous ;)  Merlin was funny, some of the fighting scenes were intense.The show was so great, I didn't mind the KFC biscuit and the toaster strudel for dessert.  Although the broccoli, potatoes and chicken tasted pretty good. :)
4	#30DaysOFYelp: 21/30I attended this with a couple of friends who were on holiday the same time we were, and it was totally worth it! You just have to forget that it's kind of lame for adults and be a kid again. When we sat down, we were given a choice between Sprite or Dragon Juice (which apparently tastes like Pepsi)...who knows why they didn't give Sprite some sort of magical name, haha. Then was a tasty warm bowl of tomato soup, which was kind of like Campbell's soup, but it was surprisingly good & satisfying! I wish I had a spoon though, because I was wearing white & I was afraid I'd spill it all over myself.The show began with Merlin coming out to introduce the show & warm up the audience with getting us to cheer ("huzzah!"), and the main course of cornish game hen, broccoli, potato & biscuit was served. I don't know about you, but I prefer to eat birds with my hands. Then I can get all the little pieces of meat! Mmm! It was a bit big for me though, so I didn't finish, but it was tender and juicy, & I loved the seasoning.The show was loud and showy, complete with pyrotechnics, jousting & songs. I had a ton of fun cheering wildly for our country's king (Russia), as he fought dirty & was great eye candy, haha.  Oh yeah, most of the actors are good looking! :DThen at the end, we had apple turnover (I just ate the apple inside, but not the pastry part). It was kind of like toaster strudel, which doesn't sound that great, but it was alright, heh. Kids will like it. Hey, I admit I eat pop tarts sometimes. Who doesn't like sugar?Anyway, I might go again if I return to Vegas, but I hear they're knocking down Excalibur one of these years, so maybe they won't have it anymore. :(  Sad!
4	This was fun. Cute show, cute idea, cheesy and corny, but the actors really get the crowd into it. Food was actually pretty good, too, even healthy. The plot is a bit hard to follow and possibly non existent, but hey, there was cheering and jousting and such, so HUZZAH. When picking sections, all the countries are fun, I sat in Russia. Though I'd like to sit in Dragon, the bad guy section. Some of the acting and fighting was pretty cute, this would be a great show to take the kids to, provided they aren't too little, there are explosions, fireworks, and dust. The horses were really beautiful, and the actors even did a little bit of acrobatics and a few tricks. Expect it to be silly, have a beer and enjoy.
5	Dang this was fun.  It cost a fortune for the 4 of us but it was very worth it.  The actors did a great job and the food isn't not at all bad.  Our server was very good and enjoyable.  Our knight didn't win but ours did play with my kids and stood on our table many times.  It was a heck of a good show for the family.  Each and every one of us had a blast!
4	Had a fantastic time! Fun entertainment, kinda cheesy, but what do you expect. Food was good. Dragons Blood soup was awesome! The chicken was dry but tasted decent. I wish they served water along with my soda. I would go again. Best part was taking a picture with King Arthur afterwards. Very cool
5	There are hundreds of shows in Las Vegas but when you factor in kids, 99% of the shows come off the list. We went to the Tournament of Kings in the Excalibur Hotel."Use your fork, use your inside voice, don't talk when you're eating, slow down and chew your food." - ParentsAt the Tournament of Kings , there are no forks (or spoons or knives), they ask you to (frequently) yell at the top of your lungs and pound the table, and you better eat quick because, like microwavable popcorn, if nothing happens for 2-3 seconds they'll take your food whether you're finished or not. Once inside, keep your wallet out, because there are plenty of extras to pay for: alcohol (around $6 for a beer), light up swords for the kids ($12), and the woman who takes photos of everyone while they're eating ($35 for two pics). On the one hand it's annoying. On the other hand - I got all three. All in all, the kids had a blast (OK, I did too), it was an entertaining show, the food was actually pretty good, and the service was excellent. And the price - $262 for four people (not including the extras) - was comparatively good, especially since that included dinner.
1	The food made me sick and throw up and the show dragged a lot
4	This is as cheddar cheesy as it gets for a vegas show but its also what makes it so fun. you have to go in with a open mind and expect to just be a kid and have a good time. Eating the whole meal with your hands was a very fun experience. Believe it or not I loved the food, it was all tasty and plentiful. No, its not a five star michelin  meal but you get a good quality chicken and sides that didnt dissapoint, The show it self was entertaining and fun. The show is pretty pricey, but you do have to account for the fact you get a full dinner with it, so I think its still a good value at the end,
5	Great medieval times show.  It's a smaller venue than other larger type shows some vey seat is a good seat.  You can choose a dinner or non-dinner package.  The dinner is a Cornish hen.  We opted for Non-dinner.  These seats are in the fifth row.  We were center-arena and had a great spot.   It's fun for kids and adults.  They serve drinks, everyone gets a dessert.  It's an interactive show and the crowd really gets into it.
4	I enjoyed the Tournament - it's a really good deal for its price.Pepsi is the drink that comes complimentary - alcoholic beverages are extra. You can ask for water instead but refills are sporadic ( you need to ask the server when he passes by for it specifically). The food is more than filling - you get a whole Cornish hen, broccoli, potatoes, and biscuit. All delicious! Sadly, I couldn't finish it. Dessert was a toaster streudal (after eating a whole hen, I can't really complain).Be careful - the whole meal you have to eat with your hand. And you will need to really contact your server to refill the water, or else they'll just forget about refilling your cup while they fill the others' cup full of Pepsi. The tournament itself was really good - some shirtless guys (yey!), plenty of comedy,sword fighting, lances, etc. Live horses.They use pyrotechnics and a lot of lights.I highly recommend this place - you get the best bang for the buck!
3	Tacky, Cheesy, Corny and yet for some reason so entertaining.  This is your typical Mid-Evil time show.  If you have seen one you have pretty much seen them all. You have jousting, fighting and horseback riding all done by pumped up shirtless muscle men.   If you have kids this is a great show for them, they will be entertained throughout.  As far as the food, you get backed hen.  While mine was extremely dry.  Appetizer was cream of tomato soup and it was delicious.  The mean is served with two vegetables, tonight was broccoli and red potatoes, nothing special.  Desert was scrumptious, it was an apple strudel.  Everything considered; price, food, show and price it is a good value.
4	The show is just ok (like 3 stars) but for the overall dinner & show experience, there's a +1 star for that! It's a small theater/arena with 8 sections (7 countries & the villain). You get served your drinks first (i.e. sprite, pepsi, water) and you can also order alcoholic drinks (extra $$). Food wise, you get the tomato soup (and it's good!), a whole chicken, big piece of broccoli, & potatoes. I am never able to finish it, lol. But it's so good :]. NO UTENSILS so make sure you're willing to get down and dirty with your whole chicken (uncut in any shape or form).The show itself is mediocre but not too shabby. Since I've sat through the show 3 times already, it's good enough for that, at least.You have the knights and King Arthur and they're all having a tournament of kings. Dragon is your villain and there's a battle and all that jazz. Of course, Arthur's son is the one that stops him and you get a happily ever after scene after the defeat.You'll also have Merlin the Wizard opening up the show. Him and a midget will show you how to properly cheer with your drinks & table slapping! PARTICIPATE AND HAVE FUN!!! :D! & eat up well.
3	An entertaining show that's geared more for the kids.  If you've ever been to any of the Medieval Times shows around the country then you've basically seen the Tournament of Kings show.   You get seated in sections that represent various kingdoms (countries) and a knight or king competes in various armed contests such as mounted archery, mounted sword accuracy, and such which eventually turns into armed conflict.  Then there is the arch villian that has a band of "dragon soldiers" that nearly kills off all of the kings until the hero emerges victorious.  All very predicatable and corny but well executed and with pretty maids that do some great dance routines.  The mounted combat activities are very well done as well with real skill.  Some neat special effects too. The food was pretty good and plentiful.  The dessert was outstanding!   Beer choices were limited but not bad.  Overall, an entertaining time with friends or family and even more so for the youngsters.
4	A wonderful time with average food that WILL fill you up.  The show itself is wonderful.  They let you in 30 minutes prior to the show starting and a line forms for some reason even though it's assigned seating.  We just continued to play games until the line was gone then took our seats.We ordered the photo they offer.  We did not purchase the glow in the dark swords.This is a great show with children.  Ours, 13 & 11 love it.
5	I didnt think the food was going to be that good. Everything was cooked perfectly. The show was really good too. They had little special effects which my 1 1/2 yr old actually liked. Would do it again.
3	The show was more than what I had expected. It was funny and the action was good. There was something missing when it it came to the story line for the show. Some more continuity would have been better. Now for the food, I asked and received some  vegetarian food. Ravioli and some bread and soup. The soup was very good, the ravioli was alright. I ate couple of pieces and left the rest. The show was worth the money I paid for it which was around 30$.
5	I was pretty surprised how good it was and the price was definitely worth it. One of the better shows I've been to in Vegas.
4	I would be giving this show 3 1/2 stars If I could. It was entertaining, the food was good and the arena was as authentic (I suppose) as they could get. Had we not gotten the tickets on the 2 for $75 deal I would definitely be giving this show 3 stars. I had been to Vegas many times, and brought my husband for the first time, this was something that I had always been interested in seeing so when I saw the deal we got the tickets. The show is very lively! We left high spirited and ready for a fun night. It is also a really good deal with the dinner included. We were full the rest of the night! What I disliked about the show: I thought that it was WAY to short! It could have had a few more scenes in it, maybe a comedy scene, or a bit more to the tournament. The show definitely needs a bit more bulking up, even if only 15 minutes longer. Also, I found the waiters and waitresses very distracting, while watching the show at an already blocked view because the person to my left would not sit back in his chair, the servers would also come around and block views which I found really annoying. I felt like they rushed the service a bit and could have easily not bused the tables until after the show was over. They came to give the food, to bus the food, bring the desert, bus the desert, bring ordered drinks which took forever to get, and then the bill and back for change. it was very distracting! I would seriously suggest watching this BEFORE you plan on LOVE or any other Cir Du Sole shows, because it will probably be a bit of a letdown if you see Cir first.
4	If u haven't been, its definitely something u have to see at least once.  Have a few drinks, eat, cheer for your King, and watch the show.  Tomato cream soup was tasty. Broccoli, red potato and biscuit not bad.  Cornish hen is dry but there's lots of liquids to wash it down.  It was just a good time!
5	I really enjoyed the show.  The entertainers really got the show I attended into the action.  I am sure they try at every show.   It was fun to cheer on the knight from your country, and boo/ thumbs down other nights as they trotted by you.  Food still is tomato soup. Second course:  Cornish game hen, broccoli, boiled potatoes, biscuit and a strudel. I don't think there is a bad seat in the house.  Try to cheer along with the actors in the pre-show or you may get called out on it... and have the spot lights on you.   I maybe giving this higher than I should a lil bit.. because it did not cost me a penny to go to.  I played myvegas slots on facebook and accumulated enough points for tickets.  I would go again, price on my two tickets said $120.68
3	We were staying at Excalibur so the advertisement for this show was all over the place.  We decided to give this show a try, and with a $10 coupon the ticket came out to be about $58 which included fees and tip.The theater is located downstairs, in the same area as the arcade/kids area. The arena isn't very big, but by the time the show started the theater was only half full. The show itself was very good. The actors/actresses did a great job in getting the crowd involved. Be prepared to cheer and shout, the more involved you are the more fun the show will be. The show was entertaining but seemed very rushed, it only lasted about an hour and half. I think there were some parts that they could have expanded on.The food was only ok. We started out with a tomato soup that reminded me of chef boyardee. Very soon after the soup the main entrees were brought out, which consisted of a cornish game hen, potatoes, and a biscuit....which you are to eat without any utensils...overall tasted average. Dessert was a strawberry strudel. The food was nothing to really talk about, but again was very rushed.  There was very little time between each course, and it felt like we were being rushed to eat faster.  Our plates were being cleared very quickly, so if you watch the show too much you may miss out on dinner. Near the end of the show, when it was getting really good, it was hard to see the performance since the waiters were so busy clearing off all the plates. It would be nice if they just waited for the show to end before walking in front of us to clear the tables. It was a nice experience....good show with mediocre food, hence just three stars.
5	Great show an great food for the price!!!
4	I went here years ago as a kid and LOVED it. It's hardly changed at all, so I have heard. Still the corny acting, still the hands one eating experience, but ever still an awesome time. Out of all the shows you can take kids, I would say this should be at the top of your list. Adults can love it too, since you have to eat with your hands, and who the hell doesn't want to revert back to that?? You get a whole chicken to yourself! Anywho, I want to see this again before I get too old and jaded to like it, or before the place is imploded.
4	We had been wanting to bring our son to Medieval Times and we stumbled upon Tournament of Kings while my son was playing in the arcade at Excalibur.  We purchased tickets at one of the "half price tickets" kiosks on the strip and they were around $53 each.  Seems that many have complained about the food but we thought it was terrific - tomato soup to start (which I thought was delicious), crispy cornish game hen (the whole thing), broccoli, a couple of roasted red potatoes, apple streudel for dessert (this was not very good), all sans cutlery, but I had packed a plastic fork for my son.  Show was decent - I think in line with the pirate show we have seen in Burbank - lots of special effects, horses, fighting, which my son enjoyed.  I probably would not recommend this dinner show if you do not have young children!
4	For a great Medieval time, get to the Tournament of Kings!The show has been in town for years and has always been fun.  I have seen this show several times over the years and have always had a blast! You can go in and leave adulthood at the doors and let your inner child run free!When you walk in to the theater, you are transported to a medieval castle.  You are seated in a King's section, whom you will root for during the tournament. Merlin is out and about during this time and is entertaining the crowd.  He also teaches you how to act during the show.  Hazzah! The show starts and you will just have so much fun from there on out.  I don't want to say too much and spoil the show for you!Dinner is decent as well.  You get a bowl of soup, a Cornish hen, some veggies, and a dessert.  The fun part is that there aren't any utensils.  Embrace your inner caveman and eat with your hands.  Yummy!The price is also a good point.  The tickets are usually about $50 and you can find coupons if you look around.  It is a fun show that you can do without breaking the bank.  It is also a must see if you have kids.
4	The food was pretty good. It was tasty and filling. Make sure to come with an empty stomach because they give huge portions! The show was entertaining. Overall I enjoyed the experience.
3	This place was okay as an adult.  It would probably be funner if I were a kid or drunk.
1	overall just bleh, ive been there 2x before. the first time it was great, the second time bleh... the third time... (this time) bad.the soup was the highlight- good flavorful.the cornish hen, dry, too lightly seasoned, etcthe broccoli, undercooked, hard, flavorlessthe apple desert, bad. dry, flavorless not enough appleand on top of that, the man serving the dessert was rushing and practically throwing the plates in front of people.... the put mine down so far that it flew off the plate and onto the table... whats he do??? pick it up put it back on my plate and continue on???!!!! luckily my friend was nice enough to give me his :) but seriously.... what the...?the show itself was alright. nothing to write home about but something to see with the kids. i wouldnt ever purchase the tickets to it again though after this experience.there probably worth 20 bucks def not 60
5	Action packed and full of excitement! I took the kiddies to this show but I enjoyed it as well. We got into it and kept forgetting to eat! The food was not bad and you got a lot of it. A great time where you can relax, eat, have a coctail and enjoy the show. The seating is sectioned per country and king so you get to cheer him on as he fights against the other kings. So Fun!  ;)
4	The show was 5 stars, very fun with great pyrotechnics and everything from dancing to fighting. We enjoyed it, so did my (almost) 6 year old. she had her eyes glued the whole time. The food was 2 stars   For $69 a head I would have liked the meat to not be so incredibly bland and dry, Kate only a small bit.  Thank goodness they kept the drinks full. they served boiled potatoes which were perfect, and a thing of broccoli and a dry biscuit. it's fun you eat with your hands - my daughter got excited and said "it's like we don't have any manners at all!!"She loves any kind of show so she had lots of big smiles and clapping throughout. The seating was good, we had great center seats. Took home a light up wand/sword that gives you a great disco feel on the hotel ceiling.
5	Took the kiddos to the 8:30pm show last Saturday. I purchased our tickets at the TIX for Less booth (Circus Circus location). We paid $209 for 4 tickets. We did have to pick our tix up by 5 pm on show day. My 5 and 10 year old son had a blast! The show was awesome!   The cornish hen and sides were cooked to perfection. The apple dessert was pretty good too. They do sell light up swords for $12, my little one loved waving it around and cheering during the show. A must do when visiting Vegas with little ones.
4	Very impressed with the show, I was honestly expecting a lot less. So the price was fair for the show and the food which I didn't expect and caught me off guard. You get seated and in your section you will notice that there is a knight and color associated with where you are sitting. This represents your knight that you will be rooting for to win the tournament. I was lucky to be sat in the black knights section which is the "bad guy" so to speak. The ambiance is really cool and i actually started getting into it. I was starting to feel like I was in a scene straight from the Cable Guy. The show was great with the performers actually beating the crap out of each, it was no joke. That made the experience even more authentic and didn't make it feel like some PG Disney over acted show. Great for everyone of all ages, I recommend it if your looking for an affordable show that delivers.
4	Entire family had a great time.  The girls (3 years old) loved the horses and princesses.  The boys (15 and 18 years old) loved the knights and fighting.  The adults loved the theatrics.  We were cheering the whole time.The show (plus the extras) can be a bit pricey, but here are some tips to save a bit of $$$:Do the show without the meal.  The novelty of eating without utensils isn't worth the extra $15.  With the abundance of restaurant and buffet options the city has to offer, your $15 can buy you much more than a dried chicken, a sprig of broccoli and tomato soup.  We took the family to the Buca de Beppo upstairs after the show.  The cost was about the same, the food tastier and we got to take home our leftovers.Buy your show tickets directly from the box office to save on surcharges.Skip the drinks and cocktails.  A souvenir Tournament of Kings cup/chalice isn't worth the $14 price tag.
3	I have wanted to go to this show forever!! Well my wife took me to Vegas and I finally got to go.. It was Meh... The food was rushed and we couldn't get a waitress for an order of drinks at all. It was very long as well, but I'm glad I got to experience it. If we ever take the kids to Vegas, that would be something to take them to.
4	I had a comp ticket for the Tournament of Kings and having lived here for 12 years and never having seen the show, it was about time I got to the Excalibur to see it.There was a long line for entering the arena, but it went quickly and they have plenty of people working to get you seated.  Shortly after being seated in Ireland, a server came around to take our drink order.  I went with the diet soda option.Just before the show was about to begin, she came along with a pitcher of hot tomato soup that she poured into everyone's bowl warning each of us as she went along that it was hot.  Indeed it was--and tasty.  Next came our dinner, a plate with a Cornish hen, a stalk of broccoli, and two red skinned small potatoes.  There was also a biscuit. After dinner, the server brought around an apple tart, something like a Pop Tart but much better.  The dinner was quite enjoyable and there were two napkins and a wet cloth in a sealed holder for cleaning your hands because there are no utensils.  The show was good.  You could see the lances break away and pieces of balsa wood material fall to the dirt floor and you could see the pre-arranged fight choreography.  The acting was OK.  You could see the kings fall just as the lance was about to hit.  Some were better than others in making their falls look more real.  Our Irish king couldn't fight for anything and we were almost cheering for the bad guy so we'd have one win under our belts.It was a fun show, but it really is one for kids.  The dinner is good, the show is good, and the price is reasonable.  This is one of the Las Vegas attractions that was meant for the younger set.  Take them and enjoy the show!
5	Wonderful dinner show!I saw my first dinner battle when I was 16 in Chicago.  This had the same ba-zing to it!  Great show...dinner was good: half baked chicken, wonderfully cooked potato, veggies... tomato soup (which for me to not like tomato soup cuz it's normally plain, this was good flavored!).We sat in the dragon section, which was right in the middle.  great views and the performances were good.
5	Very good show. Our king (Ireland) died 3 times in the show, and still came back afterwards. Our king lost all of the Games and was the first to die in the end, yet every time he even LOOKED at our group, we all SCREAMED and cheered. He couldn't help it and burst out laughing every time! It was great! The food was nice, loved the tomato soup and potatoes and the  pie but the chicken was hard to eat and they don't provide eating utensils. Still, I highly recommend this to all ages.
4	Food and service were great.  The show was very entertaining for all ages.  Good family fun on the strip.
5	Having been to Vegas several times I finally went to see this show and I'm glad I did. It was fantastic! The food was pretty darn tasty. The tomato soup they start you with was excellent and the main course was just as good. The cornish game hen was perfectly seasoned and very moist. As were the potatoes and the broccoli (which had parmesan cheese sprinkled on it. Mmmmm). It also comes with a biscuit, which is, well... a biscuit. You've had one, you've had them all. Dessert consists of an apple strudel type pastry that was surprisingly good.  Of course the whole schtick of eating without utensils just adds to the fun. Don't worry though, they include a napkin and a large wet nap with your meal.The show was excellent and while obviously heavily choreographed, the fighting and jousting was fun to watch. We sat in the Dragon section and therefore rooted for the bad guy which was fun too! The special effects and pyrotechnics were great, especially the evil wizards flame throwing staff. You could feel the heat from that thing  sitting in the stands!I'm giving this show 5 stars. Its well worth seeing at least once and a great choice if you want to take the kids.One word of advice though: PARTICIPATE!!!  Don't be shy! Slap the table with your hands, cheer for your sections knight and boo the opposing knights as they ride by on a horse (they'll point at you and give you the neck slice gesture!)  Do that and you'll have a lot more fun!
5	A dinner and a show, simple enough, can sometimes be hard to find.  Luckily, the Tournament of Kings inside Excalibur exists.  I came here with two other friends because we had gotten free tickets from myVegas.  We received the best seats in the house, which were dead center, and in the very first row.  We arrived promptly before the show began, and our server asked us what beverages we wanted.  At the start of the show, Merlin introduces himself and tries to pump up the crowd into cheering for their countries and their respective knights.  It was very fun, and entertaining as well to see everyone get so rowdy and pounding their fists on the wooden table in front of them.  Moments later, we are served food, which consists of chicken, broccoli, potatoes, and a biscuit.  The meat was very moist, and can easily be ripped from the bone.  The potatoes were hearty and filling, but soft, and delicate.  The broccoli was a bit under-cooked.   As for the biscuit, it tasted like the ones served at KFC.  For dessert, you are given an apple strudel, which is sweet and savory.  Understand, that you are expected to eat this food with your hands.  No utensils are given, for all those ladies that think it's savage-like. :P  Live a little, YOLO! While you eat, the knights battle each other and joust.  With sound effects, and special effects happening every minute, the show will amaze you.  I won't spoil the entire show.  The Tournament of Kings is an excellent family show, which will keep your kids feel like kings and queens.  I would highly recommend this to people of all ages, who want to eat and watch a show in Vegas.
5	After having dinner at Serendipity, we decided to watch this much talked about show. We did not have dinner so this review is just for the show only.The show was amazing! Not only did it engage the audience, but it was also full of singing, dancing, fighting, light show, and thundering sound effects. Each section cheers for their own knight. Seating is great no matter where you are as nothing or no one obscures your view. The fight scenes made my kids sit at the edge of their seats with excitement. I did not care for the loud booming sounds of the fireworks which the ushers/waiters noticed. They gave me foam ear plugs to lessen the impact on my sensitive ears. The waiters also gave my kids free apple strudel! The gesture was much appreciated.It was definitely an entertaining show! I recommend!
5	I REALLY REALLY LOVED this show!! I felt the food was great, the actors were great and the overall experience was GREAT! LOVED the way the actors interacted with the audience. Loved the fight scenes. (Sparks flying off swords make for really exciting scenes)... Highly recommended!
4	Great family show!  I find that the servers are just as entertaining!  The orchestrated movement of all of them around the room for me was just as fun to watch. I loved the soup but found my chicken to be a bit dry, no worries, still enjoyed the meal.  The soup the most!  There is really no bad seat in the house, and you cheer on your country, depending on what section you sit in.  It is very crowd engaging also!  Again, Great Family Show!
4	Be prepared to eat lots of food, shout and scream, and get messy and rowdy. This is what eating at the mess hall in 5th century England must have felt like.  Be prepared for awesome sword fights, joust competitions, horse races, and other tournament competitions. I wasn't sure what to expect but it's obvious that this is all for the fun factor. So go ahead cheer for your country depending on where you sit. Eat lots of Cornish game hen, it's delicious! And grab a bucket of beer to replicate the true experience, remember these games were for entertainment.  Enjoy the show, the actors do a good job with the fight scenes and the unexpected explosions catch you off guard sometimes. The regular meal is as follows:Tomato soup (hot) - ok just don't burn yourself. Cornish game hen, red potatoes, broccoli with parmesan, and a biscuit. - all of this tasted wonderful. For dessert, some kind of Apple square - this was ok, but I'm not big into sweets. Pepsi products to wash it all down or buy a bucket of beer or glass of wine for an additional charge. Worthwhile experience if you have kids, they might not finish their dinner but they'll be glued to the entertainment the whole night.
5	Great show!   Good food!   Very entertaining and certainly different from a typical Vegas show.  Great for kids...ever since the show my daughter absolutely loves to eat chicken (without a fork...).
4	This was so fun! I brought all my kids, ranging from 16 to 8 months, they all enjoyed. THE food was amazing, yet simple.    The only reason whi I held out one star is because I could have sworn they gave us To-Go boxes for leftovers.  I believe we were able to in the location in Buena Vista, CA.  But everything else was awesome! It was so fun and entertaining.  The actors were funny too.  :)  I would go here every time I went to Las Vegas.  What an experience!!
4	This show was a lot of fun!   It is great to bring a large group to cheer with you.  I like the experience of eating with your hands and pounding on the table. Would be a perfect spot for kids!  The food was mediocre but the soup I liked.  The service was on point. As quick as he brought the drinks he came back with the check even quicker!  The horses are beautiful!!   The girls are pretty and the kings aren't so bad either ;).  I would say a dinner show like Medieval Times in SoCal exceeds this show by far.  However, to have this in Las Vegas at the most suitable hotel Excalibur I can't complain.
5	We got a local 2 for 1 deal. The show was very engaging and entertaining. The meal was basic chicken, broccoli, potatoes and bread, soup and apple pastry dessert. Very good, and lots of food! I would recommend this show to people of any age.
5	Oh my gosh! I have never seen my dad get so involved in a show ever! He was cheering and laughing like crazy! Now for my review.Me, my wife, mom, dad and uncle all went to see this show. We sat in Norway which is pretty darn good seating. Russia and Dragon I think have the best seating. The food is really good. you get soup which is to die for, chicken, brocoli, roll, and some other stuff. The show is very entertaining and will keep you involved from start to finish. the production of the actors is awesome! They get very involved with the crowd and keep you drawn in. This show has been around for roughly 20 years but you would never know that by how everyone acts during the performance. Can't wait to see it again! Go Norway!
4	Second time for us to attend this dinner show.  I will say this visit was much better.  The food was very good this time around.  Chicken was moist and vegetables were tasty.  The dessert was actually warm and moist as well.  Unlike the last time when we never got any refills on drinks the attendant for our area was around every 10 to 15 minutes refilling glasses.
5	YES YES YES YES YES.SO much fun. Worth every cent. Came here with a group of 8 or so, planning to get rowdy. If you love competition and don't take yourself too seriously, this a great, affordable vegas option.Initially, we were disappointed being assigned to team France, but our knight was KILLING IT during the tournament, and by the end it was all "VIVA LA FRANCE" and my friend drunkenly flattering the knight during photo time. We pretty much immediately got into a shouting match with a bachelor party across the way on the Irish team, yet we all mourned together when Ireland's knight was freaking BEHEADED during a battle.The acting was delightful and entertaining, the music and dancing was fun, and the food was pretty good.
4	If you've been through Excalibur, you've probably seen the super lame posters for this show. "Norway to Lose!", "Russia to the Show!", etc. So, since the tickets were cheap, we figured we'd check it out, under the impression we'd probably just be laughing at how corny it was the whole time and have a funny story to tell afterward. Totally wrong.The show is great for:- Drinking as many beers as you can and yelling at dudes riding around on horses.- Becoming immediately and inexplicably nationalistic about the "country" they sit you in. We were in "France" and instantly wanted nothing more than French victory in battle. Screw Spain!- Vegetarians. Just tell the waiter when they first come by, and they'll bring out pasta for you instead of a whole chicken.- Giving the finger to typical "take yourself seriously" Vegas and just having a good time.- People who don't care about historical accuracy in the slightest. The "Czar of Russia" pledging allegiance to "King Arthur's son, Chris"? Ouch! Good thing they have a full bar. In retrospect, I guess it actually WAS corny, and we DID have a funny story to tell afterward... But it was totally enjoyable and 100% worth the price.
1	Negative stars! Don't waste your time and money there. I was there this weekend and  I was very disappointed. I got bored and was close to walking out, and the only reason I didn't was because I paid a lot of money. They tried coping Medieval Times and it's just a big FAIL. My kid didn't even enjoy it . Medieval time is 100x times better. The only thing that got my attention was the fireworks and even then I didn't think it was all that. The acting was terrible. They did have dancers but after a while they got boring and lost all purpose. The food wasn't good and the waiter was a jerk, I asked him for straws and he threw them in my table.  First of all Vegas is not for kids, but if you do take them and want to have fun do something else.   Adults must be pretty drunk in order to enjoy this show.
5	My husband and I really enjoyed ourselves at the show. My only issue was the interaction when we were trying to eat. It was hard to finish eating when they wanted you to experience the show. But worth every penny spent!
2	I am giving this 2 stars because this wasn't my choice to see this show.  Our friends were taking their kids and wanted us to join them.  I will see any show once just for the experience as a Vegas local so I can steer friends and family in the right direction.  This is a great show for kids.  All of the kids I saw really seemed to enjoy the show and got into the cheering and rooting for their country.  I thought it was way to loud.  There are fireworks and pyrotechnics so if you have a sensitivity to loud things (lots of big bangs and booms) you may not like this show.  It's very dusty so if you have allergies you may want to think twice about visiting this arena.Go downstairs through the arcade to enter the arena.  Service: This is a no muss, no fuss meal--This is what we have, take it or leave it kind of meal.  It's a Game Hen Chicken, Potato, Broccoli, Biscuit OR you can say "Vegetarian" and they will give you some sort of pasta.  I opted for the "Vegetarian" which was cheese ravioli, broccoli, and a biscuit the night I went.  With the "Vegetarian" option you do get a fork.  They don't provide any utensils with the meals and you have to drink your tomato soup from the bowl.  No spoons.  The servers have a lot of people to serve so it's a really rushed atmosphere.  I read a review that said you can request silverware but they really want you to eat with your hands.  I actually took a new plastic set of utensils I had leftover from a take-out order which probably made me the only one to have a spoon for my soup and a knife to cut my broccoli in the whole place.  Tipping: The one thing I wondered about was tipping the food runners.  Our gal was really nice and has worked at the show for over 20 years.  We asked her about tips because we were curious what people usually do in this type of setting?  She said some people forget about them after the show or just don't leave anything.  She said that most people do leave something for them.  She pulled a $20 bill out of her pocket and said someone had given her a $20 already and dessert wasn't even out yet.  She was so delighted with her twenty dollar bill.  She was a very sweet lady.  We handed her $40..she said thanks, never looked at it, and tucked it into her pocket.  When she came back around to remove more dishes she took the time to say thank you again for the tip and that she really really really appreciated it.  They do work hard so make sure to bring some tip money with you so you can leave your server something.  The food was surprisingly good and better than expected.  Our group all enjoyed the soup, potatoes and the chicken.  The beverages offered: Sprite, Pepsi, or Diet Pepsi served in a large plastic mug.The best things for me were: The horse that marches, our server, and the end of the show.  Just not a show for me but still glad that we went.
4	GOOOO RUSSIAAAA!!Let me tell you, there's nothing lady like eating a huge chicken and broccoli with your hands and trying to cheer for your king at the same time. Like the lifestyle? Come see the show! They start you off with an amazzzzzing tomato soup. Once the show starts, they really encourage you to cheer for your king in the midst of trying to eat broccoli, a biscuit, potatoes, and a whole hen. Everything was well seasoned and delicious. Perfect for watching the show. Then they top it off with an apple strudel. Just try not to drop everything while waving that drumstick in the air!The show itself was pretty good, but pretty predictable as well. It was entertaining with acts, music, and of course, lots of fighting. Emotions definitely begin to build up if you become attached.
4	Do you like cheesy entertainment, kings with long hair battling it out, waving a chicken around while you're king is at battle and dedicating your heart for an hour and a half in hopes that your country will be victorious? This is the show for you!The meal: they start you off with a really good tomato bisque. I'm usually not a fan of tomato anything, but this was actually really good! The chicken is a very generous portion and I just went for the wings and the legs. It was a tad dry in some parts, but I was full anyways because there was a lot of food. Broccoli was steamed well. Put some salt and pepper on it to flavor and it's really good. Potato: same as broccoli. The apple strudel for dessert was really good! Helped lessened the sadness after our king lost for our country. Note: they don't have to-go boxes so eat what you can!The entertainment: cheesy! You have kings that represent the country you are sitting in dueling it out with the dragon to see who wins! Totally staged and planned out, but oddly entertaining none the less. Be careful when you take a bite of of your chicken - you might miss a battle!Overall, the food was decent and the show was pretty good and entertaining. Go for one of the cheaper option of Vegas entertainment.
1	Unless you have kids and low standards, I'd stay away from this show. The show wasn't very good compared to other Vegas shows, and the server refused to give us water to drink. He said Pepsi was all they had. The food isn't very good either. Very dry chicken. The tomato soup was alright.
4	Located inside the Excalibur Casino, this show is surprisingly entertaining.  This show is literally fun for the whole family.  The arena is fairly small so no matter where you sit you will have a good seat.  We actually sat dead center in the front row and we were so close that we were almost hit by dirt thrown up by the horses as they galloped by!One great aspect of this show is the Feast!  Our waiter was so good we couldn't take more than a couple drinks from our glasses before he zipped by and refilled them!  Dinner included: tomato soup, Cornish game hen, roasted potatoes, broccoli, a dinner roll and a pop tart shaped apple crisp for desert.  Dinner did not include eating utensils as you are forced to drink your soup from a bowl and eat with your hands like the good ole days!  The food was surprisingly good!  The cornish game hen basically tasted like a small broiled chicken, hot, juicy, tender and seasoned perfectly.The show is basically a bunch of josting knights, dancing gypsies and the classic good vs evil battle with a slight twist.Although my girls were highly skeptical including my 12 yr old daughter who texted her friends saying "we were making her go" said she loved the show and it was "awesome"  Kudo's to the Excalibur for putting on a great show and meal.
2	First I must say this is the second time we have been to this dinner/show. The first time was over 10 years ago so we knew what to expect. The show nor the dinner hasn't changed one bit in 10 years. Now my problem was with the service. We decided to take our five year old, the waiter name Frank was a complete tool. He refused to give my son anything other then coke to drink. I actually had to order him a sprite no caffeine from the guy serving drinks. Next he took his plate away in the middle of him finishing his dinner and literally took his drink out of his hand with straw still in his mouth. The other waiter brought him over ear plugs because he could see the noise was bothering him. We would have left but my son was enjoying the show. I would never order the meal again because you can purchase tickets to see the show only.
3	I made my husband bring me to this.FOOD/DRINK: $20/beer bucket (4 domestic beers) but they no longer allow you to bring your own beverages inside. Food was good, but dry on some parts of the chicken. I overheard the waitress tell someone to save the soup to dip things in. So I doused my chicken and biscuit in the soup so that the chicken would be less dry. I saw some other people bring hot sauce... really envious that I didn't sneak in some sriracha.SHOW: Pretty entertaining show! The actors do some pretty neat stunts and are definitely competent at horse riding. However, I got very upset at a weird plot twist (spoiler below, please stop reading if you don't want to see).SPOILERMy king died. But he's alive at the end. I'm highly confused and disturbed. I saw his throat get slit open. Then I had to cheer for my king at the end. He's a zombie king. I did not want to bow or cheer for my undead king. Also, how is my king alive? Does Merlin selectively revive people? Is he the one behind it all? TCONCLUSIONFor the price of the actors and horses and food, I think it was definitely worth the money! Better than losing it at the casinos in a matter of minutes. Also, don't stay at Excalibur if you like wifi.
4	This "Tournament of Kings" show is in the Excalibur hotel and casino on the Las Vegas strip.  The Excalibur is an outdated, dirty, depressing casino with a profile that is still snugly situated in the 1980s (in my opinion...)There's a bit of charm to the Excalibur's kitschy medieval ambiance, but I feel like that appeals to drunk frat boys and children under 8.  I got some free tickets to the "Tournament of Kings" recently and went with my 13 year old daughter.  If I could offer some advice, it would be to keep your expectations low and suspend disbelief for 90 minutes!IT WAS FUN!*  Welcome Experience-  OrdinaryGave our tickets at the box office.  Headed to our seats...  *  Establishment-  Encouraging It's a fun theater!  Stadium style seating broken into sections.  You're on a bench with a table in front of you.  Smart walkways allow servers to get to your spot unconstructed.  Lots of AC kept it cool.*  Service-  OutstandingFor what these servers have to contend with, I think they do a great job!  Their job is tough!  Was waited on by three different people during the show.  Not one of them let our drinks run out.  Excellent job!  I wish others in environments a fraction as challenging would do as good!*  Food Quantity / Quality / Presentation-  OutstandingFor a "gimmick" meal, this was good!  (Pic)First, hot tomato soup!  It was GREAT!  And I'm not a fan of tomato soup!  Then a hot plate gets delivered to everyone at the same time with a Cornish game hen, two red potatoes, a tree of broccoli and a biscuit.  A bit later you get an apple pastry.  It was very well cooked for this simple rustic meal.  There's no flatware (although you can request it) but it's all easy (and fun) to eat with your hands.  If you choose to participate you'll be yelling and cheering along with the crowd!*  What I'll rememberIt was more fun than I expected!  I didn't pay for my tickets though so I'm not sure how I would have felt paying $75 per person.  *  What I can't wait to forgetSome of the cast were bored and it showed.  Half assed delivery of lines and cues by some and a stellar job by others who carried the dead weight.  The dragon king and dragon knight were awesome!
4	It was my very first dinner & tournament experience! Like a virgin...touched for the very first time... ;)THE ATMOSPHERE: Crowded but, met some pretty friendly and cheerful people sitting next to me, we were on team FRANCE I think?! So every seating has a different country you can cheer for... ;)FOOD: I loved the tomato soup! Wish I could have had seconds...Ok so, you had a choice of salt and pepper to eat with your chicken, red skin potatoes and veggies...bring your own tabasco and ketchup! And maybe vodka for an enhanced experience ;)SPAIN: If possible choose SPAIN because I think he rides the finest horse and looks mighty handsome himself ;) Oh my, I hope my bf doesn't read my yelps! It's ok to just look folks, it's O.K. ;)I had a great time!Will be back, back, back for more tomato soup and SPAIN next time!
4	First the food: I think that the food could've been better, but you're paying for the show. The chicken was a little dry and everything was smothered in butter. Dessert consisted of those apple pies that come prepackaged at the store, but they baked it in the oven and plated it. The show was awesome. My son loved it. The actors were all engaging with the audience. The jester and the wizard were very funny. The "maidens" beautiful and the knights were so cute :) our country was Russia, personally I thought the knight from Austria was hotter lol. I don't want to say too much and ruin the experience for anyone else, I will say it's a must see.
4	It's for kids, but as a heterosexual male, I'm just gonna say that Austria has the most handsome knight. Girls were meh, but you know what, I got to bang tankards with our knight.Food was meh. Chicken was dry and overcooked. Broccoli was uh, steamed? Potatoes, boiled? I dunno, not much else to talk about for the food.The show was actually entertaining. A good amount of theatrics and special effects combined with acting and balsa wood jousting and fights = a good time. It's not something I'd go to again, but it's most definitely worth seeing once, for the experience.
5	The food was slightly bland, but the show made up for it ten fold! Great for a date night or a huge family! What a great experience! Will put it on any list of Vegas must do's!
5	You just need to see it. Great show great food. I am making this simple for you. "GO" "NOW" really exiting show with a few twisted. Every one loved it. Stop reading this and GO!
4	Was a good deal for the price. The show was interesting.They actually fight with real swords and weapons.  Their audience interaction was awesome. Each section cheers for their fighter assigned to them. Of course my section lost. Show was about a hour and a half.Food was basic. 1st course Tomato basil soup (canned soup taste) 2nd course was chicken potato broccoli and a bunn. Was good. The chicken looked like a baby chicken. But it was enough to fill.3rd course dessert was apple strudel.Soft drinks free, no utensils you have to use hands but it was very easy and clean, not messy at all.Drinks were cheap and I liked it. For $40 it was a meal and entertainment so no complaints here. Only thing I didn't like is no bathrooms in the arena. You have to go out to the casino or arcade bathrooms.
4	Disclaimer: I was not sober when I went this show!At first, I was really only interested in eating, and was more annoyed by the forced interaction and cheering, but by the time the show was actually playing out, I was that guy. The guy that you want to just shut up. Somehow, we got stuck in Norway, with a bunch of children and lame "Adults". The only plus to this was the fact the other countries "Kings" were able to single me out as thou who speweth thine hatred. The Kings were good at getting their respective countries involved and creating mini rivalries with other countries. I still want to throw down with the King of Spain...and we saw the show days ago. I kid though. It was a good time. I was really surprised.The food has been beaten to death, it was a basic tomato soup, a full hen with some red potatoes, broccoli and a biscuit, with and apple strudel like pastry for desert.
5	Thought it was a great experience! Drinks were very reasonable and the servers who bring you food and fill your drinks are polite, funny and on top of their game. No silverware is provided and ripping apart your chicken with your hands is part of the fun. We were seated in Russia and one thing I appreciated was how our "Russian King" made a point to acknowledge the little kids in his section. While riding by he would make eye contact, wink, and wave at the little kids, thought it was very sweet and genuine. The visual effects are really extensive in my opinion and the horses used are so well behaved and well trained. Try and find discount tickets if you can, but even paying full price isn't bad, the food makes it really worth it.
4	Row A Seats 1 and 2 for Team Dragon...In a "contest" that is a fight between nations such as Spain, France, Denmark and Ireland... the moniker we were given lent itself to being the bad guy, which was confirmed by the lovely lady who was serving us our grog for the night.This was my second trip (the first being almost 20 years ago) and the girlfriend's first. We were both pretty excited.Entering the theatre, you are immediately hit with the "fresh" scent of horse manure and dirt.. so I might imagine that could ruin the appetite of a few city dwellers.. but nonetheless we forged on to our seats.The girlfriends was a little broken, with a slight lean forward to no doubt ensure she would be on the edge of her seat for the entire show.We were offered a selection of pop (or Soda for the American readers) and were told that our drink orders (the keeper cups struck our souvenir fancy) would be taken a bit later. We did each order a special challice with beer for me and a frozen treat for my girlfriend. Came out to be over 30 dollars for the two... *cringe* .. but it's.. about.. the experience... right?Anyways.. onwards and forwards.We were served a meal (sans the cutlery because in the Medievil times, they didn't have it!) consisting of first "soup" which is just, and I swear it to be true.. the tomato broth from Alphagetti. Still delicious to me.. but high class it is not.Then came the main course of the night.. a cornish game hen, a baked potato and a broccoli tree.All very well done, and was completely devoured. One small risk for people seated in Row A is the dirt kicked up from the horses passing by that start about half way through your main meal. It didn't happen to us but it did happen to folks just down the way from us.. and I can't imagine wanting to finish the food after that myself.The meal is caped off with a apple pastry of some sort. Kind of gets away from the theme if you ask me.. but not terrible.I know, I know, you're all clamoring for my opinion of the show.. well it was fun. A lot of fun. I won't go into detail so as to ruin the show.. but crowd participation just makes this show what it is.. If you are a curmudgeon, or a grumpy pants.. stay home! Let loose and just join in.. remember it's for the kids and make it fun for them.A little disappointing to only have had a small role for our team in the show.. but otherwise a great time all around.The ONLY reason I knocked it down a star is based sheerly on price. To have charged so much for the show.. only have half filled stands.. and then to charge so much for drinks is just too much for this frugal laddies liking.
4	Everything in vegas is expensive so for the price of this which included the food and show I think is pretty decent. This place was fun- they get the crowd interacting and cheering. The food was decent. They don't give you utensils so its a little strange trying to eat your chicken. It's pretty corny but that's ok. good for families.
3	This is really a good show for families and kids.I wouldn't recommend this for a group of adult guys and girls, unless you're into knights, wizards, and dragons. There no bad seats in this arena, you have a good view anywhere you sit.The show is HIGHLY choreography. The actors are lip syncing to an audio track that is playing which makes it kinda of cheesy, but fun for kids. There is a lot of audience participation in terms of cheering and raising glasses. The fight scenes are choreography with added sound effects. There is a lot of smoke and flames which can make it fun for the families. They give you tomato soup which was was good. Roasted chicken with vegetables and dessert, Apple strudel. There are no utensils at all. Just your bare hands.CON- no ketchup- no hot sauceI Know it's apart of the experience trying to be entrenched in the old times. Probably worth seeing once in your life time/
4	This was a cool show. I did feel rushed to eat. Food was well seasoned finger licking good. lol
5	Were we 2 families, 5 (3 kids) and 3 (1 kid). We had an amazing time! We did the dinner and a show. The food was fine, but I was not expecting much. I liked the seasoning on the chicken. The potatoes could of used a little butter and the broccoli was, well broccoli. The dessert was a little dry but the apple part was good. The real reason for the trip was the show and everyone (adults and kids) left saying what a good time they had. The kids loved being able to scream and bang on the table during the show. Not something they get to do at home, well maybe when grandma is watching them. :) The tickets are a little pricey but if you are thinking of doing a family show and you like to scream and yell, you need to check this one out.
2	I went with my family and family friends, and we were all not so impressed. Food was worse than buffet food in Vegas. Show was not particularly interesting or engaging. We had been to Medieval times outside NY a few times and loved it, and both food and performance were just, well, much worse. Disappointing really. The whole ordeal was short -- less than 1.5 hours -- fortunately!  Save your money and time for Medieval Times!The scripted hand to hand combat scene was a bit cool, but that's it!
4	Very fun, extremely cheesy, 1:25 long medieval jousting and fighting games. There is a bit of audience cheering participation throughout, and given that the arena is only 4-5 rows high, you feel like a part of the action.If you have sensitivities to dust, smoke machines, or horses this may not be the show for you since you are quite close to the action.
3	The husband and I love a good cheesy tourist trap, so we celebrated our anniversary last night with this one! I would give 4 stars for the show and -1 star for the food which makes a 3 star experience. The hubby and I had a great time trying to determine which dancing "maiden" (ie the belly baring booty shaking dancers) were strippers and which were ballerinas gone rotten. I found the shirtless men of the show a nice distraction initially, but up close they're just dudes not as hot as the Thunder Down Under bunch. The script is absurd, and the enforced "huzzah" and cheering got a tad dull. But all in all good cheesy fun. The food was awful. The soup was edible, or slurpable I suppose, but I've never had such a dry nasty chicken in my life. Couldn't touch the floppy broccoli. That apple thing was just nasty. My strawberry daiquiri was quite strong though! And I like my souvenir cup very much, along with our $35 souvenir pictures. After the show some of the actors came out to meet guests and take pictures with the kids. Our "king" was incredibly sweet when the kids wandered up to him. I wonder how much tail the performers pull on the Strip, being "knights of Excalibur". Good cheesy fun. I'm glad we went.
2	2.5 stars. My employer decided to do our summer social here. Paid for (somewhat) by the employer. Hollah. There are only two things I can write about, the food and the show.Show: So pretty much it's the "Tournament of Kings." It's like medieval stuff, you know jousting, fighting, dragons and maids. Very, uhm, mid-90s show like Xena, The Warrior Princess/Hercules-esque. You could tell that the show was pretty much has stayed the same since they've opened in the early 90s. Very...old school.Food: Cornish game hen with potato, broccoli, and tomato soup. Tomato soup was amazeballs, so were the potato and broccoli. The chicken, uhm brings down the rating. It was dry and my chicken didn't have a right wing. LOL. Bottom line: It's aight.
3	My sweetie has wanted to see the show for quite awhile so we made online reservations before our trip to Vegas, The show itself is a little cheesy, but quite a lot of fun. Lots of audience participation and humor. The food was not much better than a cheap buffet, though the soup was pretty good. The dessert was the best part. We asked ahead of time for the fruit plate rather than the apple turnover thing and I am glad that we did! It was delicious. The service was banquet style, so not a lot of interaction. Overall, it was a fun evening. But a "been there, done that" one.
4	In Russia, horse rides you! Family fun time at the Excalibur!I've never been to Medieval times and my gf convinced me to give this place a try. This  show is mainly geared towards kids with the audience participation and how each section that you're sitting in has a different knight from a different country. Countries range from Russia, Hungary, France, Spain to... Dragon? Yes, if you get dragon, you're rooting for the bad guys. XDIt's basically a dining show. The food consists of tomato soup as an appetizer, cornish hen, broccoli, 2 potato wedges and a biscuit for the main dish and apple strudel for dessert. Pepsi and sierra mist are complimentary but everything else costs extra. The food here is decent enough and the portion sizes will fill you up. As for the show itself, it was an entertaining hour of jousting, sword fencing, horse back riding, dancing and mediocre acting. Basically, the story of consists of a bunch of knights competing for... not really sure... and the tournament gets interrupted by an evil wizard who unleashes his dragon knights. blah, blah, the good guys win.Overall, it was a fun show but not worth the $60. However, Excalibur offers plenty of deals and there is a 2 for $75 deal. Great place to bring the kids for a round of fun.
4	This is at the Excaliber. It was nice we sat in the Red section for Spain and were the front row. Great view of the show. They do not let you take pictures during the show so that was sad. We got half a bowl of Tomato Basil Soup which was delicious, Cornish hen that tasted flavorful but, dry, two red potatoes, broccoli, biscuit and apple Danish.Not bad to eat with your hands!There is someone that comes and takes pictures of you. $35 for two or $70 for four. Good quality but, they bug you during the show to look at them and pay for them. I thought with the horses running we were going to get lots of dust in our area and that did not happen. Great show even tho Spain did not win!!
5	Money well spent.  Great show for money.  We bought our tickets at the half price tickets stand.  Great seats, great service, great time had by all.
5	Have a few drinks, bring a few buddies, pick up a few of the horned light up led viking hats and have a ball.Food 3 stars, the show 5.My first thought was this was like "Medieval Times".Actually there is more to it than just knights jousting, there is a decent amount of stunts and pyrotechnics and magic with the Dragon army, so it's a bigger budget version of the Medieval Times show you see in other cities.Food was ok, you get a tomato soup in a cup/bowl thing, a big "bottomless" mug for your soda/water. Your main course consists of a Cornish game hen [small whole chicken] with a few small baked potatoes, broccoli, a bun and something else I'm forgetting. For desert you get an apple turnover or a fruit bowl dish.Service was pretty good, but there is no cutlery, you eat with your hands. Seating is arena style with servers walking between each row on a walkway bring food and drink.The show as ...pretty typical until the half way point when things moved from jousting to some pretty good stunt choreography with hand to hand and sword/mace fighting.The evil dragon guy shows up with a wand (flame thrower), you got fog machines, big fireballs, guys swinging from ropes, etc. Not bad. If you got kids, stick around after the show is over, the knights come out and you can take pictures with them while people are leaving.
5	This is a must-see for families with children of any age.  Heck, this even had me reconnect with my inner child!  My five year old daughter and seven year old son had the time of their lives and were engaged throughout the entire show.  Our server was great and even handed us ear plugs for my daughter and would come warn us whenever fireworks were about to be set off so my daughter wouldn't be frightened.The food was ok, nothing to write home about.  All things considered,  we will definitely see this show again next time we're in town.
2	casino is an unfortunate experience, seedy dirty, old and overall depressing.It was one step above the rapist den that is Circus Circus.  My hubby loved the show, but I thought it was not really worth the $71 per ticket price. Chicken was dry, dessert sucked...it was a microwaved toaster pastry.  The actors were a little disengaged chatting it up on stage when they were without lines.  The horse soloist however was incredible and seemed to really enjoy her job.  Our waiter seemed to be absolutely loathsome of his job, almost to the point it was funny.  Goodness, it seems like everyone who works on the strip hates their lives.  The show was fun though, and entertaining but not for the price.  Loved the pyrotechnics and wish there were more. No bathrooms in theater so if you have to go to the bathroom, too bad for you... you will have to take a bit of a jaunt and miss part of your $71 show. But PS.. my husband loved it and considered it the best show ever.. so who knows.
4	We had lots of fun took the kids and grandkids..  They enjoyed it..  You eat with your hands that made for a fun experience..
5	They do a really good job replicating the midevil times. The food is good, over all it's a ton of fun. the charecters really get you involved in the show.
4	It's a fun show with dinner in an older casino property. I didn't go with kids but they would like it I'm sure. The dinner wasn't anything special but the portions make sure that you are completely full. Soup, dinner, and dessert. Everyone has enough room which is cool compared to many other shows and it was fun.
2	I was just in Vegas with my 6 year old so I was looking for a Kid-Friendly show in the evening and this seemed perfect!First off, the service was terrible!  My son wanted orange juice instead of soda and you have to order that from the bar waitress not the regular server with the soda pitchers.  And I literally asked our bar waitress FIVE TIMES for plain orange juice for my son.  He finally got it 45 minutes into the show!  By that time he was trying to choke down the super dry chicken and overcooked potatoes and a liquid beverage would have come in handy.  He finally resorted to drinking some of my soda (which he HATES) just to have something!  Secondly, the show also starts really slow!!  Lots of cheesy jokes and training the audience to yell "Huzzah" and gratuitous dancing wenches on the tables.  This goes on for about 20 minutes.  Once the knights appeared the action picked up and it was fine.   I'm glad I got a 2/1 deal....
4	Great experience! Ample amount of food, the tomato soup was AMAZING, chicken was slightly dry, potatoes were great, and so was dessert. Drinks were perfect sizes and the show was the perfect amount of time.
5	long story short, excellent.  Lucy (via email) prearranged two vegetarian meals for our group of 5.  wasn't expecting them to actually remember to serve them, but they did.  Server was great, happy and attentive.  food of course was just average, but what the hey, at $30 a pop (get the deal on smartervegas.com) you cannot beat this entertainment value.  show was pretty cool.  I can imagine kids really loving the experience.  place was 2/3rds full.  you get to root and cheer for your knight.  our section didn't want to cheer much, so whatever.  i'd probably go again in about 5 years.
5	Huzzah! This show was great, and my overall experience with the box office was wonderful. It went like this;    We arrived to the box office (I had called days prior and had been told of an offer that could only be purchased at the box office) and I asked for the offer I had heard of. It turns out I had been misinformed, but the girl at the desk spoke with her manager and they honored the deal for me. After all, we were there for my daughters 9th birthday. She was SO courteous and helpful that I called her manager up to tell her how great of an employee she had. She then, finding out we were there celebrating a birthday, put my daughters name on the list to be announced at the beginning of the show and wished a happy birthday. How fun! We then played in the arcade for an hour or so. (we hit jackpot after jackpot, bringing in over 3,000 tickets.) The show was great, we are with our hands, we cheered, we boo-ed and all of us enjoyed our medieval experience at the tournament of kings.
5	This show was surprisingly good, considering how much I dislike Excalibur! Definitely family friendly. Definitely action packed!Here's what to expect:Each section is a different country. Each country has a knight that you cheer for... so for the LOVE, don't be a lame douche who just sits there quietly (like the ENTIRE row behind us)... Eat, drink, and for f*ck's sake cheer your ass off! Here's my bit of advice. Cheer for Hungry... the knight is mighty fine... you'll thank me later;)The meal (whole Cornish game hen, broccoli, potatoes and biscuit) wasn't anything to rave about... but the show more than makes up for it!
5	Great show. We wanted to take our kids to an interactive place for dinner one evening and decided on the Tournament of Kings. It was so enjoyable. They started off with some songs and introductions. The Wizard got people involved and cheering. The show involved jousting, racing and sword fighting. You cheer on your knight as he battles to be the champion.The food was surprisingly tasty. We didn't obviously go there for the food, but were pleasantly surprised. They started with tomato soup (AKA Dragons Blood) and then brought out the main course. It was a Cornish game hen, some roasted red potatoes and broccoli. It was very good. It was finished with a apple fritter. Service was slow at times.The show also moved a decent pace and involved lots of special effects including fireworks and fire displays. We really enjoyed the show and would recommend it. We may even come again, if the opportunity arises, it was that good.TIP: Try to sit in the second row. We heard the horses can sometimes kick up dirt if you are sitting to close to the edge. Also- stay afterwards to get a photo op with characters.
5	Tournament of Kings is a definite must. From the meal, to the entertainment -- everything was just amazing!  Food:Great quality, delicious and personally, big portions. I was stuffed! Definitely feasted like royalty. The staffs attention was great, always refilling our soda in a great timely manner, and asking if we were ok at all times. And the show was just great! It was funny and extremely entertaining. My husband and I truly enjoyed ourselves. Recommend it for all ages!
3	The food was pretty good for basic chicken, broccoli and a biscuit. No drink options for children and we won't let our daughter have soda, so it was water for her, but she was adaptable. The big drawback for us was that we sat in the Dragon section and that meant we didn't have anyone to cheer for during most of the show, I was getting bored as the rest of the crowd was able to interact with their Kings. Then we had to cheer for the Evil Rider and, of course, I knew he was going to lose. My daughter has a high sense of morality so this really bothered her, so much she keeps mentioning it. Had I known that I would have chosen a different section. I prefer the Medieval Times shows I've seen in the past. The plot and song that were added into this one didn't really warrant the extra cost or enhance the experience. Although the special effects were fun. It would have been 4 stars if we had sat in a different section.
5	This is why I stay at Excalibur.  For the price, you get a great show with great food.  There is audience participation, comedy, and a lot of action.  Some buffets in Vegas cost as much as this show.  So why not treat yourself and see a show while you eat?You can see how the actors and actresses actually enjoy what they are doing.  They do a good job in each of their parts and don't ham it up at all.  Even the waiters and waitresses get involved with the songs, actions, etc.  In previous shows they didn't, so I am glad to see this happening.The food you eat with your hands - no utensils.  So expected to get your hands messy.  But you can clean up afterwards.  The food is filling, so you won't eat for the rest of the night.  After the show some of the performers come out to talk, have your picture taken with them, etc.For a good show and a good meal, I strongly recommend the Tournament of Kings.
4	This is a super fun show. Multiple show times every night so you can work it around your touristy schedule. This is great if you have kids with you. You are going to be spending a bunch of money on dinner any way, so you might as well have a show too!The meal is alright. It isn't something I would write home about considering this is Las Vegas and we have everything gourmet at our fingertips. Having said that, you don't leave hungry. You are brought a very tasty vegetable tomato soup, a whole roasted game hen, a big hunk of broccoli, a biscuit, and a potato all followed by a fruit tart. I have seen this show multiple times and the meal is just ok. Comparing this show to Medieval Times in Buena Park, CA it falls short. Your whole meal is slapped on your plate at once, so everything gets cold fairly quick. I prefer things to come in waves so all is warm and fresh when it enters my belly.The show is pretty cute. Again, I grew up in Southern California so I had Medieval Times at my finger tips. This show is geared towards children, is full of audience participation, and cutesy games and dancing. I want WAY more action. This is a tournament!! I want more battles!!!!It's location is pretty nice in relation to Valet as well. It's right in the front door, down in the arcade.Over all I would say it's a good bang for your buck, I was just hoping for a little bit more action in the show.
5	We went on 9/26/2014. It was a great experience and with the 2 for 1 deal it came out to $36 a person. The food was good, very tasty, especially the creamy tomato soup and biscuit. The only thing that was ok was the broccoli but then again who thoroughly enjoys steamed broccoli. The show was great from beginning to end. It was very entertaining and has a lot more spectacle than Medieval Times. It's one of those things you should do in Vegas if you have an early evening open. You can catch a reasonably priced dinner and show for a couple of bucks before hitting the strip or clubs.
2	We got free tickets to this show so it was worth the price. The show is out dated and not what the Hubs and I expected. We wanted more fighting and excitement, but it seems this show is geared towards children. They do their best to get the audience involved.The food... Meh. Guess feeding 200 people at one time wouldn't be easy. The tomato soup is great, but the rest of it is nothing to write home about. Dried out Cornish game hen, dry biscuit, bland broccoli, plain potato with a very homely Apple strudel for dessert. The service was lacking (agaIn, lots of people) and it feels like a cattle call, with them pumping a meal in and out.
2	ehh,,, the food wasn't that great seemed old and the show was pretty boring... I wouldn't choose to do it again.but they did make great drinks!
4	My husband and i have been living in las vegas for two years and havent seen any vegas shows! I was browsing through MYVEGAS rewards and found a ticket to t o k s for like 28000 points, which i had, so i said to myself what the heck! And since u can use up to 3 rewards in a month span we also took advantage of a 25 dollar night stay at excaliber as well. We arrived about 30 early which was perfect they had just started letting people in. We found our seats easy enough and we picked norway for heritage purposes but i recommend sitting in dragon or russia they are right in the middle. Our section seemed to have a very long wait for everything... drinks, food an  dessert. Our dinner was ok the best part was the cornish game hen and broccoli with parmesan. It also came with two baby reds and a soggy biscut. An  our dessert was basically a toaster strudel. But the entertainment was so fun and our king was cute an  charming. I would go again with any out of towners visiting!
5	awesome.........worth every penny, the actors personable and inviting, I plan to spend the money again when I take the family up
3	I thought the show was fun, a little lackluster at times... I was very disappointed with the service. Our show wasn't full and I was served most my food before I was even offered a drink even though I had asked twice for a beer. The food was so-so, the soup was a little watery, but the hen was juicy. I didn't like that the servers stack all the plates on top of each other when they are serving food... Something about the bottom of a plate on top of my food doesn't sit well with me, but I understand this isn't a fancy feast and I shouldn't be a snob, lol. The photographer took some good pictures so we did purchase the (overpriced) photos. All in all it was a fun date night if you're not expecting a lot service wise.
5	Murder, heteronormative seexxxxy gypsy women and S&M man-dragons with a delish roast yardbird.  Dildo helmeted Russian king, flamethrowers/explosions.  Midgets....booze........horseys.  I had a good time
4	Ya yaaaa! Tournament  of kings is awesome!  Try to get discounts before and it will be even  better.  The show  is what  it is, just realize this and have a great time.  Ur in vegas!
3	My husband and I took our kids, ages 4 and 7. It was just okay. The food was bland and the show was really hokey. The kids seemed to enjoy it but after a while we were all ready to go. We were expecting more fighting, horses, etc, and less fake acting by script and dancing.
5	So this was fun!!Good food!!!  Fun & entertaining!! Didn't expect all the dancing & the action fighting!! Just expected the horseback riding and jousting stuff.  The wizard and pyrotechnics where fun too!!Lots of BANG for the buck!!5 year old son enjoyed it.
4	We had a fun time at the Tournament of Kings!  Everyone sits around the arena.  We were in Team Dragon and later found out that we were the bad guys, but we still had a blast.  Merlin and the midget are the main host who introduce the scenes.  They were both charming and funny.  The lighting and sound effects were cool, especially when there is fire coming up.  The food is actually pretty filling, you start with a tomato bisque which was creamy and delicious.  For your actual meal, you get a whole hen, two potatoes, a biscuit, and a broccoli.  Then for dessert, you get an apple pie.  Seriously, it was a lot of food that I couldn't even finish it.  There's no utensils, so don't be afraid to use your hands.  The soda was a little watered down and tasted funny.  Also beware, if you sit on the first row, finish your food quickly or the galloping horses may throw some unwanted dirt in your dish.The fighting scenes were a little rehearsed and not as raw the scenes you see at the Renaissance fairs, but you will still have a good time.  We had a kid sitting next to us and he was booing at all the knights since we were team Dragon, it was hilarious.  This is a great place to take your family and have a rowdy time.
3	This is better for younger kiddos. It is entertaining, but if your kids are already watching PG-13 movies, they may not find it exciting. Our boys 8 @ 11 enjoyed it, but it's something you do once. Dinner was pretty good. You eat Cornish game hen, baby potatoes, rolls and pastry with your hands. Although I don't like eat off the bone. The chicken was big, juicy and had tons of delicious white meat. My kids loved the food. It helps if you get into show and cheer on your knight.
4	This show was a lot more entertaining than I remembered 14 years earlier when I was still single. This time around I went with my family (wifey and 2 kids) and we had a blast. They highly encourage participation and boy was it fun cheering for our king (Russia) and booing the opponents. The story, fight scenes and pyrotechnics were all pretty good to my surprise. Our tickets included the dinner and I must say the tomato soup, corn hen and veggies weren't half bad. We thoroughly enjoyed the show and had a great time!
4	If you are an adult, remember, this is just for the kids, remember. Kids really love it, the food, the knight fighting, the lights, etc. So though I feel pretty boring, my kids override me, 4 star.
3	Came here during my trip to Vegas this weekend.  Got a 2 for $75 deal to see Tournament of Kings and Jabbawockeez but after the fee to upgrade ($5 more for T.O.K. & $10 more for Jabbawockeez) plus they added on a service fee which I thought was dumb since I went straight to the Box Office and didn't purchase it off Ticketmaster or anything.  Anyways, I ended up paying $109.25 per ticket for 2 shows, upgrade fee, service fee, & tax.  I guess it's good because it's for 2 shows and hey...it's Vegas.  I thought the show was good.  We sat in Team France which we ended up winning.  Whoo Hoo!  Oh FYI: if u end up getting seated at Dragon...you're the bad guys! Boooooooo!They have these sexy ladies cheering u on for your team.There was a part in the show during the Coronation ceremony when a girl comes out in all red on a fancy horse.  Maybe she's the Princess or Queen or something idk.  She didn't say a word.  All she was doing was looking pretty on this horse that was prancing around for what it seemed like an hour over and over and over again.  I'm not gonna lie, it was pretty to look at but after 5 minutes you want to take a fork and poke your eyes out except there's no silverware because u have to eat with your hands.  Idky that part was so long.Food was decent.  It was a huge serving!  Not the best but it's worth the price with entertainment.  They serve u coke or sprite which was way watered down but I get it, they have tons of people to serve so they have to prepare everything in advance even if it means the soda sits there for 20 minutes with ice.There were some fireworks that kept going off throughout the show.  It kept scaring my 5 year old cuz it was so loud.All in all it was good but I wouldn't go see it again.
4	This was my (20-year old, highly-functioning autistic) son's favorite event on our holiday trip to Vegas, including Jeff Dunham, KA, and Blue Man Group - probably because it was so interactive. The food is good - not great - but it was well-prepared and we left with full bellies. Next time we visit Vegas, we will not stay at Excalibur, but we will definitely go see this again. My son wants to sit in the Dragon section again so he can cheer for Team Evil. Huzzah!Reading the other reviews, it sounds like the menu stays the same, but they change up the show a bit each time to keep things interesting for folks who return.
4	Fun for the kids.  Food was a little disneyland'ish - so not bad, but not amazing.  Show was about the same... (Good Solid 3  1/2 Stars)  We had a great time though - and I would do it again when friends come to town with kids.  The show and venue is a little bit tired, with a little updating, could be 5 star family entertainment.
5	Our visit was 100% free.. Each of us has a myVEGAS Facebook account.  We saved up loyalty points,  it was worth it completely.  If you go through myVEGAS you must call ahead. They want you to be at the box office 4 hours in advance so they can sell the rest.  Tell them what date, any food allergies should be mentioned to note it on your account.I had the gluten free meal. Yeah the Chicken was dry,  yes the meal was on the Boring side. I had no season on my chicken, it was still great to eat healthy & snack out.  I had a plate of fruits for dessert (grapes were all I really liked).The show being free was the best part. They get interactive with the audience. We were seated in the dragon section (the evil doers section). We rooted for the bad guys,  definitely a great family friendly show.  WARNING: NOT recommended for people with a weak heart ( multiple loud explosions) or people with Epilepsy (they have lights flashing in your face from the show & pictures being taken).  It's cramped, buy tickets for your kids you're not going to want them in your lap for hours.
