2	If you ask students what they want from a cafe in their local area (or any shop anywhere or that matter) they will probably tell you they want cheap and they want large portions. Basically they want value for money. You would expect a cafe situated in the library , conveniently called the Library Cafe, would know its audience.The Library Cafe has been open since the beginning of this year to coincide with major renovations. All are welcome into the Library Cafe though it clearly exists for the student populus. I first acquainted the cafe the way most do, after spending too many hours in the library, I decided to relax over a coffee. Despite the-not-too exciting, IKEA aesthetic (plus some funny glowing lights) the library cafe was a nice place to take a break or meet friends and just relax. However before long I realised the essentially problem plaguing the Library Cafe, it is one of the only places nearby to for a light lunch or hot drink. As a result it is mobbed. Beware this cafe during lunch time!Nevertheless if you can come at the right time, the Library Cafe remains an okay central location for meeting friends over a coffee. Any more than this and you might want to go elsewhere. The library cafe is not run by the university student union which might explain why its prices seem a little less than reasonable. The price of a sandwich or Panini is hardly competitive and not what you expect. Unfortunately this can make the cafe feel less like a cafe set up for the benefit for students and more to take advantage of them.The Library Cafe is still an okay place to spend a couple of hours drinking coffee over a book or a chat, especially during quieter months, for anything more exciting, go elsewhere.
4	This cafe is a God send for the students, as it's the only part of the library building one feels able to talk in without pangs of guilt (or evil glares). At peak time during the semester, which is probably between 11 and 1.30pm, it can be a nightmare to find seats and the queue is intolerably long, but when my food has eventually come, it's never been disappointing. They offer a range of paninis, baguettes, baked potatoes and your usual extensive list of coffees, mocha, latte and the like. Around four kinds of smoothies are also on offer. They've got the exact same menu as the JMCC bar at the University's Pollock Halls of Residence, but for some reason the food is incomparably better over here. There's a bunch of computers with internet access to the right of the cashier, and some booths and veeeeery comfortable armchairs and sofas to the right. For those of you with your own laptops, there's also wireless internet throughout the cafe which students and anyone else affiliated with the Edinburgh University can access; I'm not too sure about how guests would gain access! That said, it's difficult to imagine anyone non-student becoming a regular over here...
3	The University library cafe offers a selection of inexpensive drinks, cakes, cookies, muffins, sandwiches etc. (no freshly squeezed juice :-( ). I usually get an Americano and a carrot cake, and they were ok.  If you're an alumni, you can get a membership card from the Library next doors which entitles you to free Wi-fi, otherwise you'll have to use your phone for accessing the Web. The reason I keep going back to this place is that it has MASSIVE windows all around it, giving natural light, and also from the North corner of it you can get a view of the Meadows!! Oh, and if you have a laptop, there are tons of power sockets all over the place (floor).
