4	This patisserie is located behind the beautiful Bellagio Botanic Garden. The first thing you'll see is the mesmerizing fountain of cascading liquid chocolate. JP offers an incredible selection of sweet and savory items including chocolates, cookies, cakes, crepes, salads, sandwiches and much more. My favorites are the Ham and Cheese Panini Sandwich, grilled to perfection with melted cheese and ham, simple and yet satisfying. Sugar Brioche, a rich buttery roll topped with crystallized sugar, the crunchiness of the sugars compliments perfectly with the soft and sweet dough. Chocolate Banana Crepe, a made to order crepe, topped with warm caramelized banana, and drizzled with hot chocolate sauce, add a scoop of vanilla bean gelato, and it's a perfect dessert!
4	Walking past Jean Philippe Patisserie at the Bellagio, how can one not stop and stare at the cascading chocolate?  As you see white, dark and milk liquidy goodness spill over one pool and then land in another, you can help but wish you were standing (naked) underneath that waterfall of rich chocolate...Sliding in right before the doors closed at midnight, the BF ordered a generous scoop of Straticella ice cream.  We wandered throughout this quaint patisserie mesmerized by the magnificent cake illusions from above and far.  We watched the video of how their lovely desserts were created and how one can wish they had the skills (and tools) to make such lovely treats at home.As the workers, in their cute little uniforms, cleaned up and closed up shop, they didn't scoot us out at all.  I appreciated that they addressed my questions about their cakes ($3000 for about 100 servings for that pink cake) without batting an eye or appearing annoyed. I can't say much about their other desserts or savory food offerings.  But this store is worth visiting just so you can be transported for a brief moment to that opening scene from "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory" and that chocolate pool.  I can already feel the white chocolate flowing down my face...
4	umm, i would give this place 5 stars for their chocolate fountains alone.  sooo willy wonkas chocolate factory.  and the fact that everything else there is so aesthetically pleasing.  i spelled that so wrong.  whatever.  anyways, they have these amazing little details on their cakes.  however, longlong lines.  they move rather quickly though.  pricey of course.  but their parfait is really great and generous.  and their 8dollar smoothie?  so creamy and rich, and BIG.  umm, slightly incompetent workers though..
5	The largest chocolate fountain in the country-you have no excuse not to make a stop. Oh, you need more reasons to go? Delicious gelato (oreo gelato!), amazing pastries, obscene crepes, tasty cookies-do you want me to go on? They also serve salads and sandwiches that look really good, but c'mon, you're here for the sweets! Even if you're not staying in the Bellagio, you have to head over here and if you are staying in the Bellagio, good luck not being here every single day the way I was!
5	They look good and they taste even better! ^_^bbbbb If I have 5 thumbs they would all be up. But, I settle with the stars. If you treck to the Bellagio Casino in Las Vegas, and enjoy the indoor garden/green house that grace the big hall next to the lobby, venture in a little bit further. Behind the green garden there is a small garden of indulgence. Jean-Phillipe Patisserie. ( I believe he is the head chocolatier for Bellagio) Well, the place is spectacular and filled with goodies dripping from its wall and ceiling. Literally. :)My favorite indulgence there is the gelato. It is pricey, but so worth it. I mean, hey, you are in a fancy place, you gotta expect to pay a fancy price. At least it's fancifully good too ~.^What is your mood? Something light and refreshing? Something soury to perk you up? Something with umph and rich? fruity? etc etc. You gotta taste them and make your pick. My last venture was for Tiramisu and Rum Raisin. *drool* Perfect combo. My sister chose strawberry and chocolate. The chocolate gelato is dark and rich and taste more chocolatey than a chocolate colored frozen sugar. That, my fellow yelpers, is how chocolate ice cream or gelato supposed to taste like.In the Summer I would usually go for the fruity sorbet type, like mango, coconut, lemon. They perk you and chill your body as you stroll out into the hot summer of Las Vegas.The place opens late and will fulfill your sweetest indulgence from something cold, something warm, something hot and something crunchy. Cakes, Pastries, Chocolates, Candies, Crepes, Gelato. You name it. They opens pretty late and starts early in the day (in case you play hard and forgot the time of day and realize you need *ehm* breakfast. Get your savory crepe, or salad, or sandwich, and a cup of hot chocolate ^_^
5	Who can take a sunrise, Sprinkle it with dew? Cover it in chocolate and a miracle or two. Jean Philippe can....Hehe the Patisserie is a gorgeous sight. Where people walk by and have Willy Wonka fantasies of being Augustus Gloop....the symbol of gluttony to drink from the never ending flow of chocolate waterfalls cascading from one dish to another. The shop has a huge variety of truffles, chocolates, gelato, sorbets, and pastries. You can also have a custom cake made. The pastries are best if you go before 8pm. Usually there's hardly anything left by 10pm.  I've had this decadant chocolate clair which the chocolate just explodes in your mouth coating it with extacy. The cheesecake, tastes like cheesecake. Not overly sweet, small so you feel less guilty, and covered in white chocolate gives a harmonious balance to the palate. His assortment of chocolate easily rivels Voges. They do have sandwiches and stuff. The crepes are pretty fantastic. I had the bananas foster with whipped cream and chocolate shavings. It's not on the menu --- you gotta order it with your creativity. Mmmm it was great with the berry sorbet. Yes....that's made in house too! This place is definitely chocolate heaven. It's really cool to see everyone's reaction when they come in. "Mommy look at the chocolate!"(Pointing at the chocolate falls) "I wanna eat it all!""Yea me too!" Eh....kids=petri dish
5	Yummy!  I love this place and can't stop thinking about it.  Perfection in both the pastries and savoury foods.  Croissant and Chocolate Croissant - both very flaky and buttery.  The chocolate had great bittersweet chocolate nestled in the middle.  I think they were the best croissants I have ever eaten.  Chicken Cobb Salad:  Very fresh produce, shredded crisp lettuce, with perfectly poached chicken breast (very tender and moist).Sables:  Yummy buttery cookies that are mild in sweetness and have a sandy texture.  Very addictive and roughly a dollar a piece.  They sell in packs of 10 and a tube of 20.  Fruit salad - consisted of mixed berries, cantaloupe, honeydew and pineapple.  Everything was sweet, fresh and neatly cubed (melons).  I was very content while eating this on the plane and had some jealous onlookers.  The sandwiches looked very tasty too, but I was really craving a salad for lunch.  Warning: Go early or they will sell out!!  I went back at 5 to pick up some dinner for the flight and boo, almost everything was gone.
5	If you're looking for exquisite pastries and to-die-for gelato, Jean Philippe Patisserie is your place.  There always seems to be a crowd oohing and aahing over the flowing chocolate display, which is indeed quite mesmerizing.  I know I spent a good minute or so just staring at all the cascading chocolate and wondering how exactly the whole system worked.In any case, the chocolate waterfall is what draws you in, but its the gelato, crepes, and pastries that make you stay.  We got some gelato- the pistachio and the banana.  The pistachio was just okay- they had whole nuts in the gelato, but they were a little stale and rubbery.  The banana, though, was amazing- full of rich, banana flavor with little chunks of banana and caramel.  All in all, the banana was, as they say, the bomb.  At $4.75 for one scoop and 75 cents additional for another flavor, the gelato was a tad pricey but not as bad as the gelato store in the Forum stores, which charged $6 for a small and $13 for a large (!).We also decided to get some of the pastries, which looked more like miniature works of art than little cakes.  We decided to get the Imperial, which was some kind of insanely good chocolate cake with chocolate mousse, topped with a chocolate crisp, and covered with chocolate ganache.  The exact ingredients elude me, but they all added together to make heaven on earth.  Because of my obsession with carrot cake, we also got their version, which featured a coconut/pineapple cream cheese frosting.  I couldn't really taste the tropical flavor, but it was still a delicious cake.  The cake was very moist and not overly sweet.  Decoratively, the cake was beautiful, featuring a ruffled white chocolate fan with orange accents, a little marzipan carrot and gold foil.    What adds additional points in my book is that they offer sugar-free pastries as well.  When we were there, they offered three choices- a fruit tart, a raspberry napoleon, and a chocolate cake of some sort.  We decided on the fruit tart, which looked beautiful, with delicately sliced and arranged fruit.  I'm not sure how it tasted, since my dad and uncle were the ones who ate it.Overall, a patisserie that features delicious baked goods, as well as chocolates.  While we were there, the man himself, Jean Philippe, showed up and walked through the cafe to the back!  Very cool.  I didn't get a chance to try the crepes, since we were full from the gelato and pastries, but those will be up the next time I'm back.  This place is definitely on my go-to list for Vegas!
4	This place is eye candy.  You could gain 5 pounds just looking at the joint.  The world's largest chocolate fountain is a feast for the eyes, the multi-tiered cakes hanging from the ceiling are gorgeous, yet look like they'd taste just as good as they look.  The only thing I actually tasted with my mouth was the mango gelato.  Perfect texture, strong mango flavor.  Refreshing.  Totally hit the spot on this 100 degree day in Vegas.  Cost a whopping $5.50, but they give you what seems like two scoops.  One scoop at the Venetian Gelateria in St. Mark's Square is much smaller and costs somewhere around $4....
5	Great pastries!  I can personally vouch for  the cheesecake in white chocolate, Chocobana (chocolate mousse, caramelized bananas, dark chocolate cremeux, hazelnut dough), Opera (chocolate ganache, coffee butter cream, almond biscuit, espresso syrup), and the Pecan Tart (pecan caramel, espresso cream, pecan buttercream, hazelnut dough).  The gelato is good, but not in the same league as the pastries.  There are also crepes, breakfast pastries, and chocolate.**UPDATE as of October 2007: The only thing I haven't liked is a Nutella crepe (Nutella is a chocolate hazelnut spread). The crepe itself was fine, but it came slathered with much too much Nutella. It was sickly sweet and rich - and this coming from a guy that likes greasy food.
4	Normally I would scoff very loudly at such extravagant prices-- $7.50 for a cup of coffee?? *Starts foaming at the mouth*But arrrrrrr the cheese danish!! Let me warn you, don't try to finish the whole thing on your own. I mean, you can do it, but then you'll end up with a food coma and I'll be right here pointing and calling you a fatty. Seriously though, it's no wonder Jean Philippe won the Food Network pastry challenge. As far as I know, every crust is perfectly layered, every filling is a creamy folding of silk, and every topping is fresh and immaculately placed. Even the sugar free desserts are divine!!Mmm, a patisserie where even my diabetic dad can enjoy himself? A definite five-star eatery! However, minus one for the ridiculous prices.
4	Two words: Rose Macarons!Ok, their other desserts are fabulous as well.  Just don't get the crepes (savory or sweet).This place is what any business or person should aspire to be: detailed, refined, beautiful, clean, amazing...
4	So enticing!  I wasn't hungry, and yet I had to get something here after drooling over the assortment of pastries and gelatos.  I settled on a simple cinnamon sugar crepe, and watched with anticipation as it was prepared.  It was tasty, but still overpriced.  However, most dining establishments in the Bellagio gave me that impression.
4	I adore this place.Jean-Phillipe is a feast for the senses. If there is a heaven, I'd imagine it would look a lot like Jean-Phillipe. I enjoyed gawking at all of the beautiful pastries and was entranced by the world's tallest chocolate fountain continuous pumping silky, smooth, chocolate-y goodness.I ended up getting creme brulee dipped in chocolate topped with tiny truffles and gold shavings. I think I saw Jesus. So amazing. My boyfriend had the gelato and his eyes glazed over. JP is a religious experience in the midst of the apocalypse that is SIn City.
4	What a beautiful display of white and dark chocolate flowing from carefully engineered platters of glass. Seeing this was truly intriguing. I mean, the way the platters were shaped caused the chocolate to flow down in a curved manner. So cool. Anyways, as I walked around the small shop, I pondered about what I might like to try besides everything. They had beautiful displays of everything. Seeing all those artfully designed cakes was like watching the completion of a food network competition. Okay, so I didn't try any of the delectable looking desserts, but I did have gelato. I love gelato and while I thought this gelato would be different, it wasn't. I ordered a mint chocolate chip gelato and it tasted really creamy and still delicious so I was still satisfied. My sister ordered the berry gelato and said it tasted like fruit roll up; brings back child-like memories. Now that I think about it, I wish I'd tried at least one of those chocolate desserts. Oh well, there's always next time.
5	The first thing that comes to mind is: OMFG.  I have never, ever had a dessert this amazing.  First they make me drool with the chocolate fountain, and then they please me with the yummiest effing thing that has ever been in my mouth (no jokes, please).It cost about $11, but the dessert was humungous.  I ordered a souffle: a crepe with vanilla creme inside, chocolate and powdered sugar poured on top, tiny chunks of brownies on top of that, and vanilla gelato on the side.  Whatever you pay and whatever you order, I can guarantee you it will be more than worth it.I will have fantastic dreams about this place for the rest of my life.
5	Yum Gelato!!!I never tried it before but they have a coconut Gelato with fine pieces of coconut in it.   It tasted great.   Also go to see the world's largest chocolate fountain.Recommend this place.
5	OMG I LOVE THIS PLACE!!  The desserts are SO pretty and everything is absolutely amazing.  Best part about this place?  They have sugar free options for diabetics like my daddy so we can all enjoy as a family.  Oh yeah... and they also happen to have the biggest glass chocolate fountain in the world.
5	What can i say this place is ace!! I always get the Dulce de leche gelato but never a cake, this time i tried a triple chocolate cake which Ive posted a photo of... try it it has about 10 different layers of chocolate type stuff going on inside of it..yum yum.
5	You've GOT to "stop and smell the roses" when you see 3 different kinds of liquid chocolate flowing from the ceiling down onto the floor at a lovely French patisserie.   And that's exactly what we did - except, we also tasted the darn good metaphorical "roses."YO (my attempt at attracting a massive public attention as I rarely use such, um, form of greeting).  Get this: this place isn't cheap (a simple cup of t-bag tea is $3.50 and most of their pastries run $8-15 per piece).  But it's OH-SO-GOOD, almost to the point where you just wish you owned the place.  The chocolates are rich and smooth (and, yes, expensive - costing over $6 for a tiny piece of rocher), the hot chocolate being a one-way express ticket to heaven, and the pastries.... OH THE PASTRIES!!!If you like fresh crepes... this is the place to be.  They offer a variety of crepes that they make right then and there (see picture) - bam! They also have some (albeit limited) seating areas where you can sit, sip, and savor away the delicate chocolates.  It does get a bit crowded, but I suppose that's all part of the Vegas fun.
4	Mmmmm, gelato! Our eyeballs lit up as we were on our way to our room. BFF and I were tired and had just withstood what seemed the longest and most agonizing flight to Vegas. Gelato was our answer to our late snack hunger. We each had two scoops with two flavors. Straciatella and dulce de leche for moi, mmmmmm.Trio chocolate fountain--we only took notice of it the next day since I guess we were so out of it from the night before. Disgustingly beautiful and looked sooo yummy!We just loved this place. We just had to get our final dose of sugar before we left. Tiramisu in a shot glass for BFF and banana foster crepe for me...we were late to meet our shuttle ride but dessert was worth it.
5	I come here when I am feeling a little blue.  Also a place I visit when I am feeling euphoric.  It is a place which dominates the senses.The world's tallest chocolate fountain cascades in tiers at the entryway.  Truly an enormous work of decedent art.  You can enjoy a fresh crepe or any one of the many wonderful deserts which fit into the palm of my hand; for me the perfect size; $6 each.  They also have gelato!  A certain someone once ordered me a custom birthday cake from this shop.  It was lovely and definitely a cake I will never forget.
4	this place is very pricey for a fast hunger fix!  BUT it is SO worth it!  the basil chix panini sandwich (warmed) is SO YUMMY, the nutella brioche was delicious as well.management can be a little more friendlier to their employees.  how long does it take to warm a delicious pre-made sandwich?  get on top of it management!
5	I'd bookmarked this place for almost a year now and each time we go to Vegas we never make it here. Last trip we were even at the Bellagio and we forgot to go. This time I made sure we go to Bellagio JUST so we can try this place out.Well, it was around 10am and let me say, this place was packed. The wait for the crepes was 45 minutes and thankfully, I'm not a crepe kinda gal. I stood in line and marveled at the wonders of the perfectly created desserts, but since I'm not a dessert fan, I didn't buy any because hubby was feeling ill and didn't want any. I ended up sharing a turkey croissant and lil guy got gelato.The cup of gelato was almost 5 bucks. WOW hefty! The turkey croissant was almost 10 bucks, but it was worth every penny. It was the best sandwich I'd ever had. The croissant had a touch of sweet glaze which added such depth to the lovely sandwich.My friend bought a rose macaron for a friend and that friend said it was awesome so I guess their sweets are just as tasty as they are beautiful.Definitely will return to this place again!!
3	I was bored while waiting for a work engagement to begin and I hadn't eaten lunch, so I decided to hang out here and ordered a berry crepe (crepe with marinated berries and whipped cream) with a latte. Not only were both items delectable, the selection of baked goods and treats were quite attractive. I felt like I was in Paris. In fact, many French tourists stopped by amidst their shopping and gambling. The only negative comment I have about this place is that some cashier asked me if I had paid, since I was taking my food and drink with me to a counter to sit. I said yes, and she stared at me questioningly. I didn't appreciate this. If they're worried about people not paying for their food, they should change it such that they receive payment when the food is ready.
5	So during my past visit to Vegas, I had to make a one-day side trip to Burbank, and before going out there, my girlfriend asks me to stop by the Jean-Philippe at Bellagio to pick up some cakes for her.  It was the first time I have heard of the place, and she told me that someone sent her office a gift basket of cakes from the place, so she wanted to have some more.The cakes that I tried were excellent, but more than that, I was just standing there with my jaw on the floor, looking in awe, at the chocolate waterfall/fountain that runs along the side and ceiling of the place.  That was just a sight to behold!
4	The chocolate fountain-wall sculpture is amazing and the stuff is totally delectable.
4	I had their chocolate and pastries. Met my expectations and beyond - definitely a good stop for a gourmet snack. The chocolate brioche was oh so soft and every bite was delicious. Everyone else seemed to love the gelato though!the chocolate fountain however wasnt a real 'fountain' in my opinion. It was more like a layered tap? But still an eye opener.
4	The choclates and pastries are surprisngly really good! And I thought it wouldn't live up to the hype.But if it seems too pricey for just pastries then just go to at least see the chocolate display.
4	Yay it's always fun to stop by here and get a crepe before you hit the pool and sunbathe. I enjoy their savory crepes and I always have to have pistachio gelato! The chocolate fountain is fun too but it didnt impress me too much, I don't know why. We always get these free food coupon things when we stay at bellagio so before we leave we always load up on free sweets at Jean philippe!
5	Oh yes.  Delightful.  Breakfast at the Patisserie Jean Philippe... located inside the Bellagio Hotel... offers a wide range of selections for not-just breakfast but lunch as well and any number of appropriate snacking moments in-between.My usual is a ham and cheese croissant, OJ and coffee.  But what ho?  Those cinnamon rolls look awfully good... with a thick shmear of buttery, sugary goodness slathered on top.  And maybe a crepe?  A Nutella crepe?  Yeah I think maybe so... just to warm up the old boiler... hey is that gelato?  Dulce de leche gelato?  well maybe just a small scoop.  No small scoops?  Okay, pile it on there, ma'am!  Wow is that gelato good.  So rich...  So sweet...  So right next to all those pastries.  Do I dare compound my gluttony with a pastry?  I suppose I should man up or or Chef Maury, possessed of his "Meilleur Ouvrier" tricolor collar will accuse me of being a "leetle bit girly, avec un appetit comme une oiseau"  Well that freakin' tears it, chef.  Gimme a black forest ham and gruyere crepe and a chocolate eclair, a blueberry danish and another latte.  And maybe some of the carrot cake with the decadent frosting and why not a couple of boxes of chocolate orange cookies and a bag of the marshmallows in assorted flavors to eat in the ambulance on my way to the hospital.  EMTs gotta eat too, right?  They might have to pry the confections from my cold dead hands, but given enough time at Jean Philippe a more likely scenario may never emerge.I will say this.  If you have anything resembling a sweet tooth and you visit Las Vegas without making a pilgrimage to Patisserie Jean Philippe, God doesn't have enough lightning bolts with which to strike you down.  You have been warned.
5	Holy moly!  I was just visiting Vegas and came across this place.  I went there twice in one day, and one of those times was for dinner.  Yup, you heard me.  Twice. The pastries are tasty.  I don't like sweets, so I appreciated the fact that they aren't busting at the seams like Twinkies.  The Napoleon is yummy!
4	First thing you will notice is their insane chocolate fountain hidden behind a thick layer of glass. Apparently it is the world's largest chocolate fountain in existence. In any case, gelato and crepes are top-notch. Prices are on point given how expensive Vegas has become. Worth a stop if you need a break from the hustle and bustle of the casino floor.
5	I just stood and stared at the amazing chocolate fountain until my panties got wet!  Then I thought, "hey, I'm just ogling chocolate when I could be eating chocolate!"  Duh.Didn't get the chance to try the gelato (next time!) but the pastries are tres magnificent.  The pain au chocolat and a house coffee are the perfect things to have at the Bellagio to start your day of gambling, shopping, people watching, etc.  I will return!
4	This is a cute crepe place located in the belagio hotel. It's quite hidden because it's to the left of the belagio garden with the giant flower shaped animals. I got the egg/ham/cheese/spinach (in other words a salty crepe) for breakfast. I came with a small salad on top. It was quite good and light! It was about 10 bucks for the crepe. They also have a unique chocolate fountain.
3	loved the pastries but minus 2 stars for the service, crowds, and price.  great place to stop by for a little treat.
4	Went there after watching the "O".Had a palmiers and some short bread cookies.... Very good but too crownded for me.I wish I was hungry for desert....will go back just to buy some deserts and take it to go....:)
5	Everything that can be said has been said about this wonderful place, so I will keep it short.  The tiramisu gelato was rich, creamy, and otherworldly....possibly the best tiramisu I've ever had, but in frozen and transcendent form.  The $8 72% Dark Chocolate bar I bought for the lady?  Smooth, rich, and perfect.  The coffee......I guess it was coffee, but honestly it tasted chocolate infused......heavenly.My buddy picked up a bag of the "hot chocolate" for his mother....as opposed to standard powder/mix, these were miniature balls of chocolate designed to be dissolved in milk.  Incredible.While the lines can get long and inconvenient, who cares when you can watch the mesmerizing chocolate fountain and stare at the incredible fondant cakes surrounding you?I'll stop by for a crepe next time, for sure.
4	I got the exotice fruit crepe which was good.  It came with a scoop of coconut gelato.  I thought the geleto taste better than the crepe.  Its about $15 for a crepe here, which I thought was a lil pricey.  I think the next time, I'll just go to Paris hotel for crepes.  But the gelato here was great.  The coconut gelato had lil bit of coconut pieces in it and it was sooo creamy.
4	Woah dude, whats with the chocolate fountain. Even in the debaucherous city that is Vegas, that thing stood out as way too sinful.Didn't feel like chocolate at 3pm ,so ordered the chicken tomato panini. Not impressed at all, although I did see others enjoying their sweet crepes and the various brioches at display looked nice.Does it really cost the Bellagio so much to stock orange juice to justify pricing a small glass at $6, I don't think so!
4	Assuming you can secure a seat at the Jean Philippe Patisserie, do people-watch, since staring at fellow customers and casino-goers is always fun, right? Like the rest of the Bellagio, the patisserie itself is beautiful, full of works of art (most can be purchased), which their desserts could also be described as.I love ice cream, so I went for a cup of cookies and creme. From the first bite, it was orgasmic bliss, deliciously smooth and creamy, cooling, and not terribly sweet - just enough. It's pricey dessert goodness, but worth it for those with sweet tooths. (I tried a bite of one of their other desserts, but I'm purely an ice cream man.)
5	4.5 Stars.If you happen to be wandering in the area of the Bellagio, Jean Philippe Patisserie is a must-see at the very least for the visual experience. Their World Record breaking, 27 ft. tall cascading chocolate fountain is amazing and decadently sinful.Oh, and their pastry is great too. But their best dish is their made-to-order crepe. It's pure heaven. Only complaint? They charge Vegas Strip prices: For example, a turkey sandwhich, a small fruit bowl and a caesar salad cost nearly $40 bucks.
5	The chocolate fountain will delight young & old alike!The cakes/pastries/gellato here is  what my family likes to call a "special treat". Normally we dont like to spend that much(okay, so not that much - $4-$6 each) on a cake that can fit in the palm of our hand  but these ones are just...so worth it.lick your plate worth it!!!(I suggest ANYTHING with chocolate!)
5	I come here whenever I go to Vegas.  I love the individual desserts here, especially the Chocobana, which has a very nice balance.  It isn't too sweet and the consistency of each bite is perfect.  There were a couple disappointments here but overall, the desserts are delicious and reasonably priced for the quality of desserts.  Other things to try here are the tutti frutti, the savory crepes, and the rose macaroon.If you're lucky enough to grab a seat, it is a nice place to relax on a Las Vegas afternoon when you're just getting away from all the excitement.
4	Coming from a local standpoint, this place is excellent. Even if you don't have a sweet tooth and happened to be in the Bellagio, just check out this place for the world's largest chocolate fountain. The gelato is very creamy and SWEET. I get excited when I come here and order a big cup of gelato, with the hazelnut, tiramisu, and strawberry. However, for me, I could only handle a couple of bites of gelato because it was really sweet! Don't get me wrong, each morsel of gelato is scrumptuous, but I can only handle so much. Next time I will get a small cup. Before, they didn't have crepes, now they have all types. I still need to check it out and try it. But, this is definitely a place to check out, just to say you've tried it and saw the chocolate fountain.
4	First off, the guy who works here with the mustache is a douche.[1] Your sign telling us where to go to buy pastries is facing the register. To read it, we'd already be standing in the right place.[2] Don't interrupt me when I'm telling you what I want to buy. Maybe then, you'd actually get it right.[3] Don't presume that I want my dessert for here, just to give me the stink eye when I ask you to box it up, smashing my macarons in the process.At any rate, the macaron with rose infused cream is delicious. It gets soggy at the bottom, though. So you probably want to chill it at your room if you can.My girlfriend got the raspberry cake with pistachio cream and she enjoyed that as well.I also got a pack of four macarons which cost $8. They were delicious, however, and my girlfriend who normally doesn't like macarons enjoyed them as well.Overall, good pastries, great looking wedding cakes on display, but generally unpleasant staff.====Rubric: 5 = Mindblowing 4 = Excellent 3 = I see the charm 2 = Disappointing 1 = Never again
4	Beautiful bakery in the already stunning hotel/casino. The world's largest fountain of chocolate is as pretty as people makes it out to be and is worth a walk to come by and look. All the pastries and sandwiches are also crafted very artfully. The price is exactly what you would expect in the Bellagio (High).(1) Never again --- (10) Always anytime- Strawberry n Cream Tart (8)- Turkey Club Croissant (8)- Smoked Salmon with Dill/Chives cheese on Brioche (9)- Choco-banana Tart (7)Expensive, but very tasty. After a long walk in the hot Nevada sun, a stop by this bakery for a light lunch is perfect. The crepes look yummy. I would visit this place again and reccomend it to friends.
5	YUMMMMMMMMMM!A dessert lover's paradise.  The pastries here don't just look fancy, they taste fantastic!  I usually think when pastries/desserts look super fancy, they will not taste good, but that's not an issue here.We ordered 3 to share.  They were all absolutely delicious.  I recommend the Imperial.  I also got some macaroons to take home, the chocolate one was good, but the others were just okay.  I ordered an iced mocha...it was delish as well.This place is also great if you want to take something non-cheesy back for friends or loved ones.  They have many prepackaged items to choose from.  I like the coconut tuilles....SO good (my former boss brought me back some once).  They were out the day I went...bummer, but I got their direct number so I can now order them on the phone.The place is very small, not that much seating, but we managed to get a spot.  Otherwise, I think there is some seating outside that is part of the hotel.Some may say the place is pricey....but it's Vegas and it's worth it :)
4	Finally... my first review on Yelp!Date visited: 2008-07-07I have never ventured past Bellagio's beautiful gardens, but I was broke and bored so I did some exploring.What do I see? A HUGE chocolate fountain! Okay, you've got my attention. Pastries, ice cream and fancy cakes galore! I had just eaten more than I should at the Bellagio Buffet, so I just grabbed some chocolate covered pretzels for the plane ride back home and a post card of the chocolate fountain (to show off to my friends).Next time, before I go the buffet, I will definitely try either a crepe or a pastry... and of course more chocolate.A few side notes: I like the bag they put your goodies in. hehe If you ask for ice water, they give you a real cup with a lid! Not some dinky plastic cup where you barely get a gulp.
5	Delicious! A little pricey but worth it if you don't buy stuff here all the time. Had the crepe and breakfast pastries and breads. Didn't try the desserts but they looked gorgeous!
4	I had the Imperial. A creme brulee covered with chocolate and a crunchy wafer. I have to admit that it was certainly a special dessert.  Not too sweet and very rich. It costed almost seven dollars. You get a cute plastic plate and a gold plastic fork. Expect awful service. There are several lines, all of which is for a specific purpose. You start off in one line to order then you go to another to pay. The girls behind the counter are young and inexperienced. As we finished eating the last bite of our dessert, one of the young girls came over to our table which is rather far away from the patisserie itself, apologized and swiped everything off the table.  I didn't even get a chance to wipe my mouth with the napkin. She threw it away before we even had a chance to clean up.  Also, this place gets more crowded as it gets later.
5	Even if you don't indulge in the rich chocolaty goodness that this patisserie has to offer - please, just go and take a peek.From the beautiful chocolate fountain that just makes you want to stick your head in and drink, to the amazing art work of cakes they have displayed in the cases surrounding the back of the place... you have to see it to believe it. It would be a sin for any chocolate lover to miss this place.
5	Best Tiramisu ever, both the frozen and the cake versions.  2 trips to Vegas, two wonderful tastes at Jean Philippe.....if I lived in Vegas I'd be broke and fat.....but happier for sure.  :-)  Next time the Nutella Napoleon has my name all over it.
5	If i could give this place more stars I would... home of the largest multi-chocolate fountain in the world... it deserves a billion delicious stars! After drooling and oggling everything in the Patisserie for around 15 minutes I finally got un-stuck and realized that I could have spent the past 15 minutes devouring the delicious goodies I had been salivating over.After weighing my options.. as difficult as it was.. I limited myself to only 2 desserts. A LARGE CHOCOLATE COVERED STRAWBERRY and the IMPERIAL. OH-eM- Geee!!!.::OVERALL::.Imperial (dark chocolate, creme bruleee...) = HeavenChocolate covered Strawberry = *drool* 'nuff said.::Recommendation???::NO. I don't recommend you go here (that way there's more for me) haha JK GO and enjoy! Seriously... go now haha
5	I have never met a cake I didn't like at this place. Everything here is so good! The cakes, truffles, gelatos and crepes are all good and yes, I tried all of these! This store is my frenemy!
5	When a waiter in any restaurant asks us if we'd like dessert after our meal, we usually respond, "No, thanks." What we really mean is, "ARE YOU FUCKING CRAZY?! WHY THE HELL WOULD WE EAT DESSERT FROM YOUR PLACE, WHEN WE CAN JUST TAKE A SHORT TRIP TO JEAN PHILIPPE PATISSERIE?!?!?!"whew... moving on...... okay, so not only is the place clean, neat, and full of the most nicely decorated pastries and snacks, but there's also plenty of seating within a few feet of the venue itself. Nice views + good snack = happy me!The lines wrap around the kiosk, but the pump you out pretty quickly (yet courteously). PLEEEAASSEEE make this a stop on your next visit to vegas. You wont regret it.
5	http://thesoloreviewer.blogspot.com/ Ignore the whole casino and mall type environment while walking to this place through the Bellagio and when your in front of Jean Philippe Patisserie close your eyes and pretend your a kid again. Now open them. A candy store is for losers, this is place is a candy store on crack. I felt like I was walking into Willie Wonka's factory when I came to this place and felt so overwhelmed. Chocolate, Cheesecake, Fruit Tarts oh my!! After checking out all the wonderful treats, I went with my favorite desert. Cheesecake! Now this was no ordinary cheesecake. I felt like it could have been in a art gallery because it was so beautiful. After the first bite I was in heaven. Literally the best cheesecake I've ever had and probably the most calories I've had but it was worth every bite. So rich and creamy with the raspberries almost making it seem healthy, HA HA who am I kidding, and every bite just leaves you rushing your fork back to it. Amazing! Willie Wonka has nothing on Jean Philippe!
5	Love it!! The chocolate fountain and beautiful cakes are amazing! Hubby bought me a box of 16 truffles and I ate them in two days. Save it- I know you've done that too! Hubby also got a bag of coffee and they ground it for us since we don't have a grinder. Very nice!Didn't eat here but the chocolate is outstanding- especially the Grand Marnier truffle. Yum!
5	The chocolate fountain.  The beautifully crafted pastries.  The gelato.  The crepes.  Jean Philippe Patisserie is Heaven.  I ordered a Nutella crepe.  It was approx. $9 and delicious.  Seating in the patisserie is sparse.
5	Leave it to the French to have the absolute best desserts even in sin city.  Jean-Philippe was amazing!  The fruit sorbet was very smooth and tasted just like the fruit it represented but wayyy better. The tiramisu was decadant. The dark chocolate powder layered in between the cream was so rich.My only compliment is that J-P needs to serve up some 5 star service with his 5 star desserts.  Perhaps the servers need to be given a daily dose of the desserts to put on a smile :)
5	My quintessential "Happy Place". Quite unfortunate that this is NOT my neighborhood bakery! :-(
5	::drool:: The pastries here are so gooooood!  I had a raspberry tart and a rose-something or other that was like a huge macaroon (my favorite dessert).  Hubby had a pumpkin cheesecake that he said was really good too.  I think this is going to be a permanent stop on all my Vegas trips now.
5	We always make a stop here when in LV. Our favorites are the regular crossaint and the ham&cheese crossaint. So good!  Best I've tasted in the States. They even sell Orangina which makes it awesome.....
5	Probably the best gelato and crepes I've ever had and I've had crepes from London to Paris to Vegas!
4	Tried the souffle crepe here.. it was pretty good!  Good chocolate. It was a better than average crepe.  The whipped cream however, was very mediocre.  The chocolate sauce used wasn't the best I've ever had. I'd rate the chocolate a 4.  My friend also tried it, but she though it was more on the mediocre side. They don't have chocolate fondue here.  They don't have chocolate fondant here. The best chocolate shops always have something to wow me... just crepes, gelato, coffee, smoothies, milkshakes..  nothing you won't find elsewhere in America.  They do have bottles you can buy to MAKE chocolate fondue yourself.. but for the lazy there aren't any options.
4	From all the reviews and hype I somehow expected this place to be really big, but it's not. It's the size of a thumb!The first night, I tried the carrot cake because it looked absolutely beautiful and a Yelper below raved about it. Really, Courtney E? Maybe the quality control isn't great here, but this cake was not even *good*. I mean, it tasted like my 8th grade [public school] cafeteria. The carrot figurine was made with something nasty like fondant, or oh maybe cardboard. The white chocolate was sickeningly sweet, and the carrot cake center was way too rich. Cheesecake frosting was all right. I went back the next night (some people go to Vegas to party, I go to eat whatever not-disgusting things I can find, OKAY?) and got the gelato. Now we're talking! It feels so wrong for gelato to be that good. The dulce de leche is truly amazing, perfect balance of creamy and caramel-y, and the mango sorbet is fantastically bursting with mango flavor.Bought a small box of truffles to take home (to the boyfriend who hates me. After falling off my bike and getting scraped up, I received not sympathy but "Why are you such a pussy?") Now I understand where Jean Philippe earns his reputation. Such chocolate, with perfect flavors like rich pistachio and smooth coconut. My only ask is that they make them with dark chocolate (although I suppose you have to sell to stupid tourists, because why would anyone truly cool spend their free time & money going to Vegas?)
4	Wow..This place is so cool!! That chocolate fountain was huge and the inside was really beautiful! The dessert was really really good!! Minus 1 star for the rude girl who was working.
4	The lines here are long and can get messy and confusing.If you're patient enough to wait, Try the CHEESECAKE! I bought one for the ride home and wish I had bought 10 =(
5	OMG.  That's what I have to say about my cinnamon sugar crepe with a scoop of vanilla gelato.  The lines are confusing.  Stand here for a coffee, stand over there for a dessert.... stand in my way and piss me off some more.But I took my crepe to go and had it in the luxury of my room.  TAMF = tasty ass mother fucker.
5	While on holiday in Vegas, we stopped by the gorgeous Bellagio Hotel. Filled with freshly cut orchids, and covered with gorgeous mosaic tiling, this place was decadence to behold. In the lobby one can look up to larger-then-life hand blown glass flowers by Dale Chihuly.And of course, a true world-class resort is not complete without its own World Pastry Champion. Stop by and see the work of Chef Jean-Philppe Maury. Be dazzeled by the floor-to-ceiling glass chocolate fountain, or the beautifully crafted chocolates, pastries, cakes and crepes. My personal favorite was the elegant strawberry tart: bright, fresh berries sliced atop a thin, swirly macaroon and light vanilla cream. Yum!
4	This place is magical.. the boyfriend and I visited on our trip last weekend, and were very delighted. Obviously this shop has many over priced packaged candies and chocolates, but the freshly made tarts and treats are only about $6.50, and they're definitely filling! They also have a wide variety of tasty, creamy gelato to choose from too (also reasonably priced.)The boyfriend got "Intense" which was a dark chocolate mousse covered in a dark chocolate ganache. Oooh divine! There's nothing bad to say about this. At all. Ever. I got the Key Lime Tart. It had a white chocolate top, with some kind of lime flavored whipped cream, and tangy/sweet lime curd, and at the bottom was a shortbread cookie. I strongly suggest if you have a sweet tooth, and are looking for something exquisite, try and stop by here on your trip to Vegas.(Did i mention the gigantic waterfall of chocolates? It's beautiful!)
5	We were staying at the Bellagio just steps from this place, so I had my share... fantastic everything, really!  I read that the lines are long and confusing, but not when we were there.  A must on the strip.
4	on yelp Ben F. found this marvelous place of chocolate fallin from the ceiling and i made it a MUST to stop by bellagio to check it out! as our last stop before we had to head home we came here. if you selfpark you walk in make a LEFT and it will be on your right side if you valet you walk straight pass the check in make a left and then a right down all the way and it will be on ur right....just follow the smell of sweet chocolate and the sight of gelato, crepes, frozen/hot drinks, lil desserts and seriously a CHOCOLATE WATERFALL!i admit i was a little dissappointed to see how small the place was but still very happycarolyn c: hannah!! look at the chocolatehannah s: oh yeah okay........30seconds pass....hannah s: OMG OMG OMG CAROLYN!!!!!! CHOCOLATE!! CHOCOLATE!! LOOOOOOK!!!!! take MY PICTURE!!!!!! hahahha seriously a dessert lovers fantasy! we were all too full for much...altho i was eyeing the crepes we all stuck with the gelato. we had berry, strawberry, and i got dulce de leche...mymymy they were superb! great texture, perfectly sweet, Ben even got huge chunks of strawberries in his cup and these arent even those dinky cups u get at other gelato places these were BIG. 3 gelatos + 1 napolean for a lil over $20 is gooood with me!so worth the stop & the ridiculous traffic we ended up being stuck in!!
5	What the hell is wrong with me!!!!! A week has not even gone by and I am reviewing another dessert specialized business. Lets call this my birthday treat as I do not do cakes. Located at the Bellagio is Jean Philippe Patisserie, in which I strongly urge everyone to check out. CALLING ALL DESSERT LOVERS I REPEAT CALLING ALL DESSERT LOVERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Not only is their displays of different dessert delicacys look delicious, all their desserts make me want to rob the place! Not for the money either! I order a Strawberry Gelato, which was so rich, milky, creamy, and had actual strawberry! This is by far the best birthday treat ever. I would have robbed Jean Philippe for their tub of Strawberry Gelato. Sentence me to prison, I just hope they have a fridge for me to put the tub of ice cream. Sell it in prison as if it were crack, because the inmates will definitely not be able to get enough of this hot new drug.
5	Located just past the mock forest is a wonderful multi-tier chocolate fountain and one of the best pastry shops west of the Mississippi. To be fair I did not have a crepe or sandwich but did see hoards of people devouring both while barely stopping long enough to chew. I did however get a scoop of straccitella gelato, for the uninitiated this is similar to a chocolate chip ice cream.  We also had a few of the the signature delectables including the carrot cake and a choco-banana type of thing. The single scoop of gelato was more than enough to satisfy my sweet tooth for a while so I asked to have the treats packed up to carry them on the plane. I noticed that there are a few selections of sugar free items and had to get one for my diabetic mother. She said it was one of the best she has ever had. This patisserie is one of the best in the world. Not to be missed but be prepared to pay top dollar for top quality.
5	This is one of the places that I have to come whenever I come to Vegas.  I love its Jungle crepe. So...good.  All the cakes/desserts I tried so far is fabulous.  Check it out yourself when you get a chance to go to Vegas.
4	:(we went specifically for the macarons but alas they had completely sold out and it was barely into the afternoon!!So my friends and I got gelato instead (yummyy) and saw that wonderful chocolate fountain and oohed-and-ahhed at all the pretty desserts and crepes they were making.We will try again, but it really is a sweets-lover's fantasy!
5	This place is overpriced as hell, but I don't care. I would sell my body just to get something from here.I love the crepes, the 'spensive gelato they put on the crepes--my favourite crepe is the original because it's just a delicious crepe.I think these dessert crepes are better than the ones at Paris, Las Vegas.I remember the smoothies costing ten bucks, what the hell! I've never gotten one because I always want a god damn crepe.Man, I love this place, but I hate that there isn't any freaking seating.I love how all the servers wear a tag that says where they come from--degrading if you ask me, but fun to know.I always want to try everything else, but always get a crepe--sometimes I get two. I love this place. I love it. I dream of it. I love the chocolate fountain that goes all the way around. It's beautiful.Go there, get anything, it will be good.
5	I absolutely love this place, but then I absolutely love chocolate. They have the best hot chocolate I have ever tasted hands down. It has a rich chocolate flavor, but isn't really sweet...just sweet enough to not be overly bitter. I love it. I also love their cakes...everything is sooo good! Their pastries are delish too. My friend had one of their savory crepes, it looked very yummy as well, and she seemed to enjoy it a lot. A must go to every time you're in vegas!
5	Expensive (but worth it)... Crowded (for good reason)... Delicious (hence the five stars).Before we even ventured up to our room in the spa tower at the Bellagio, we had to walk past this place, and were immediately drawn in like moths to a flame.  We had a cold bottle of champagne waiting for us, so what better to go with that than a chocolate-covered strawberry?  They are gigantic, fresh strawberries (on steroids), and we opted for the ones coated in dark chocolate and coconut.  We also could not resist ordering the strawberry almond tart.  The tart, strawberries and champagne were fabulous as we sat in our room overlooking the strip. Two days later, we decided to get chocolate and strawberry crepes for breakfast... they too were amazing.  (We like strawberries... can you tell?)  You will not be sorry for ordering something here.
4	I can't miss this place whenever I go to Las Vegas. Their cakes, pastries, crepes, and chocolates are absolutely fantastic!! Everything is pricey, but it's definitely worth it! This time I tried bear claws (very flaky and buttery puff pastry with hazelnut pastes inside), Dulce de leche brioche (it's incredible!! amazing dulce de leche!!), triple chocolate cake, and imperial (chocolate cake with hazelnut pralines covered with ganache). They were soooooo good. I wish Jean Philippe would open up a new store in L.A. I have 2 complains and that's why I deducted one star; I didn't like the fact that there is only one person to take orders for everything.(and she wasn't friendly) I wish they would have one more place to take orders. Also they only have 3 small tables and chairs to eat. I hope they would have more space to dine-in.
5	OMG Mr. Jean-Phillip you are WRONG for making desserts so incrediably delish I just want to stuff my face with everything on the menu!(clears throat) so this is a review for the sweet stuff only =)Jean-Phillip runs a tight ship at this vegas Patisserie of his.  His dessert are visual and taste bud estasy, and this is truely an understatement for sweet tooth like myself.The crepes are good, and you gotta get a scoop of gelato to go with it people! I'm definitely not a shredded coconut lover, but his coconut gelato converted me!  The intense coconut flavor is simply heavenly, best gelato ever!The rice krispies are sweet and buttery, plus its dipped in chocolate! what can be wrong with that!I almost fell off my chair when I bite into the macodamia nut cookies...enough saidGood thing I live only 10min away from Jean-Phillip...uhm...I'll be right back!
5	v4ery expensive, very delicious and very original deserts and pastries... As you enter there is a massive chocolate fountain enclosed within glass, that pours, white, brown and dark chocolate, it took seven years to buid this fountain...located in one of the best hotels in vegas the bellagio -----$$$$$$$$$....you know this place is 5 starrrrs all the way...try at least once, you make your decision...
4	I loved this place.  If you have kids with you, then you should take them here.  The kids will love the chocolate waterfall, and all of the cute cakes and desserts that they have on display (I took a ton of pictures- my daughter really liked the Belle and Hello Kitty ones).My husband and I ordered crepes and coffee.  I had a white chocolate mocha and it was awesome- the syrup was yummy, and I'm very picky about my coffee.My husband had the banana foster crepe and I had the mixed berry crepe.  We were both happy with portions to taste to value.  The crepes were a little pricey- but I thought well worth it for the presentation and quality.   Only downside?  This place can get crowded, so get here early, or come during off hours.  We came between 10 and 11 AM and it was still busy.  While they were making our food we went to check out the indoor gardens inside Bellagio.  It took about 15- 20 minutes for our crepes to be ready.Next time I'm here I wan to try some of the desserts.  :)
5	My husband and I stayed at the Bellagio and EVERY SINGLE MORNING for a 4 days I went down the Jean Philippe and picked up coffee and breakfast for us and we enjoyed our treats by the pool.   I fell in LOVE with the sugar brioche.  I had it the 1st day I went there and every day since!!  My husband enjoyed the bfast sandwich type thing.  I think it was ham and something else but it was buttery and rich.  The iced coffees were fabulous.  On our last day I purchased chocolates to take home for presents.  I would come back here again just for the pastries.  Since I was going there super early in the morning, the lines weren't that long but there still was a crowd and for good reason.
4	Their desserts and cakes are so pretty, you're afraid to eat it.  My husband even ordered a birthday cake from here because he knew how much I like their cakes. I've only tried their sweet desserts, cake and crepes. I have not tried their gelato (too busy with their other desserts)and I know nothing about their breads. Who looks at breads when they have such pretty looking treats? it makes you want to order one of each and eat them all.After having crepes and 3 different dessert cakes, we ordered 1 more to bring back to the hotel! and yes my bday cake the next day too.
3	i hate to give it a 3 star but i'm being really objective. it was crazy that i bought 8 pastries without trying a single one.. not even a single bite or lick. left all for my friends.had croissant while having my bath :D it was nice, but wished it was  crispier on the skin and flakier. banana orange jam was sorta too watery that i can't really taste the banana nor orange. maybe 65% fruit wasn't enough because i like my jam thick!
5	All I kept on saying when I came here was "What a Place!!!" because of the quality of food. My girlfriend and I came here on the second, third and fourth day while in Vegas sometimes twice a day (breakfast and lunch) and I wish we found out about this place on our first day because we would have been here. We tried the crepes, sandwiches, desert, pastries and cold drinks and I know I say I enjoy a lot of places I go to but this place deserves more than five stars. What makes a great sandwich is fresh bread with all of the proper fixings and this place definitely knows how to mix and match ingredients in your sandwich to get your pallet wanting more. Their deserts are fresh with quality chocolate Crepes are not soggy and small but moist and full of whatever type of meat of sweets you order it with. The only downfall about this place is the price. On an average for a party of two the bill can easily come out to $30-$40 bucks and that's with out waiter service. But heck I would spend that type of money for the food they make.
3	interesting chocolate fountain, though it's not as big as I expected it to be, guess my friends hyped my expectations of this place. In general, I like the decor here. desserts are nice but definitely overpriced.
4	Home to the world's largest chocolate fountain...what more do I need to say?  I didn't actually buy anything for myself but I purchased a box of chocolates as a souvenir for someone (who enjoyed them a lot and decided to keep the box because it was so unique).  However, all the chocolate pieces, cakes, cookies, crepes and gelato made some good eye candy.  I am definitely gonna come back to try some of their goodies next time ;)
2	Maybe it's what I ordered but i wasn't impressed with this place at all.  Their decor was really nice especially with their chocolate fountain.  We ordered the crepe with the exotic fruits on it. All it had was the crepe, the fruits were I guess all pureed together and bit of mango.  Since all the fruits were pureed, to me it tasted and had the texture of baby food! It was too weird and not so good. The ice cream that it came with was pretty good though.  It was coconut and it had real coconut shavings in it.Overall, the place is cute, but everything is really overpriced.  Our crepe was $10 and looking at everything else, it's pretty overpriced. But then again, what do you expect?  it's vegas!
3	This place was good, but didn't knock my socks off. The pastries are gorgeous. I had a raspberry tart and it was lovely, but the flavor wasn't all that astounding. The way this place is hyped up, you think you are in for something out of this world. Gelato was fine but no better or worse than gelato anywhere else. Chocolate fountain was ok but it's not as though you can dip anything in it and eat it. You just look at it. It's behind glass.
3	the little cakes looked amazing. they were so pretty i didn't want to eat it.  It pains me when that plastic knife first made contact with the cakes.We had 3 cakes:-CHOCOBANA-MERINGUE-CARROT CAKETaste is ... well, SUGARY!  the carrot cake and chocobana were so sweet that i didn't notice texture and such of the cake.  i had two bites each and they were enough for me.This place would be heaven for those who loves overly sweet goodies.The only one i was able to enjoy was the lemon meringue. It's the only cake that we were able to finish.
4	The Nutella crepe and chocolate crepe were just like the ones we had in Paris.  The bacon, egg, and cheese crepe (not available in France) really hit the spot for breakfast.  The incredible cakes on display and the world's largest chocolate fountain were amazing - if only we could taste them.  "I love crepes..."
5	The mint chocolate chip gelato is so delicious. So delicious that my friend and I stopped by twice for it during our 3 day stay in Vegas. At first glance it's a bit pricey at $5 a scoop, but really that one scoop can feed two people because we ended up splitting it both times and it was more than enough. This will definitely be one of my go-to dessert places next time I'm in Vegas.
4	The chocolate fountain is amazing and one to gawk at...and like a tourist I took a picture with it. It was conveniently located on my path to my room in the bellagio. This crepe making, gelato serving, pastry making little store is busy...but worth it. If you get gelato at venetian, I want to say you are wasting your money and tastebuds and get it here.The pastries are great to get and eat poolside. It's fun to look at all the treats and the cake creations.
4	OH! OH! OH!  The crepes are delicious!  I had the banana foster one and I can't find anything close to it in LA!!  The chocolate fountain was crazy looking!  When I come back to Vegas, this will definitely be a mandatory spot!  Kind of pricey but sooo worth it!  Their water is also good! (don't ask why I rated their water, it was just good!)
5	CHOCOLATE and GELATO HEAVEN!Best chocolate souffle crepes ever! Well worth the money and wait. It had delicious chocolate sauce and chunks of what it seemed like soft brownies with walnuts in them, custard, side of whipped cream and powdered sugar. I also had the INTENSE and yes it was just that. I counted about 10 different treatments to chocolate in this ONE little piece of macaroon mousse treat! I recommend their iced mocha to wash it all down. :] Oh, and HAD to try the sugar brioche because of a yelper. That was prepared very well also.  We sat not too far from the shop outside in the lobby. I'm pretty sure it was for their customers too. The view was of the Bellagio's pool.
5	This place is simply amazing.Try anything and you're likely to leave happy. If I have to recommend something, it's the cute little chocolate treats that are almost too pretty to eat. ALMOST.The crepes are fantastic too.
5	Best gelato ever. I had the strawberry and it was the best ever. For about $6 I got (2) scoops and a waffle cone. The gelato was really fresh and the fruit taste just as fresh. The Chocolate display was freaking amazing. The other desserts in there looked really good but I had my eye on the gelato only. They also had $10 crepes. It's next to the garden, YOU HAVE TO GO.
4	Everytime I go to LV, this is a place that I always want to visit! The chocolate fountain is always amusing to watch..  Their desserts are great!! I love the variety and uniqueness.  I've tried the rose macaroon, decorated with a sugar coated rose petal on top.  Its filled with a vanilla like cream, and the macaroon is infused with a rose flavor.  Their choco-banana and other chocolate desserts are all rich, smooth, and tasty!! Not to mention, their freshly baked ham & cheese croissants melt in your mouth.  Full of buttery, flaky goodness!  Yummm!!  We didn't realize how good they were, and wished we had bought two!  The almond croissant was huge, and also good.  Topped with plenty of almonds, and filled with tons of almond paste.I would have loved to try the crepes, but the wait was 30 minutes long!! Crazy!!
3	I ordered the souffle crepe. Nothing special about the SOUFFLE crepe. They just add some vanilla creme to make it puff up a little. I had the berries one and my cousin had the exotic fruit. If you wanna try something tropical go for the exotic one, but it's very sweet. The berries were just okay. I added a scoop of gelato which just melted onto the side of the crepe. When I picked up my order, it didn't look thattttttttttttttttt yummy. Although my friends who saw my pictures thought it looked realllly good. My crepe came out to be 12 dollars or so. The extra scoop of gelato was an extra 2 dollars or something. Not really worth it, filling though. I want to go back and try the cakes!
4	I never knew this place existed until a friend told me about it! It's located in the Bellagio right next to the themed gardens, really close to the parking garage so it's a short walk away.Just looking at the bakery made my jaw drop in awe! The chocolate fountain was so crazy looking, and the chocolate itself looked silky and smooth flowing down. All the decorative cakes on display were PERFECT and expensive looking. I was amazed!This place gets PACKED and there are so many options for you to choose from I didn't know where to begin.. even though I was yelping through my blackberry, too many items were listed! I ended up choosing a ham and cheese croissant (gotta love em) and an almond brioche, as well as a strawberry rice krispy ball my friend recommended.The H&C was delish! Buttery croissant with baked cheese on the outside, and white cheese and ham on the inside. Quite good!The almond brioche was just okay, again, very buttery.Strawberry rice krispy was yummy, the strawberry flavor didn't taste artificial at all!Side note: the individual bags the pastries were in soaked through completely.. which means.. extreme oil!I don't know what I was thinking, but I didn't order a crepe or purchase any of their chocolates :\ the line for a crepe alone looked long.. but they smelled so good! Next time I'm here, totally going for a crepe even if it's a 30 min wait. I also loved the boxes and bags they packaged everything in.. so cute and chic!
5	amazing desserts and PRETTTTYYYY. pretty fast. prices not OUTRAGEOUS considering the skill and freshness. worth it just to check out!
4	Very nice patisserie with a large selection of baked goods, chocolates and desserts.  The huge chocolate waterfall was an amazing sight.  We opted for a beautifully presented rose macaroon (meringue cookie really) dessert.  It was very good, but I have to say that there was a place in San Diego that made a better rose macaroon (it's closed now boohoo).  Still, we were very impressed with the candied rose petal on top and the whole dessert was reasonably priced considering the high quality, and location of the place.
5	Inside the posh Bellagio Hotel for people getting lost.Just try the crepes, and by crepes, I mean one crepe in particular: THE EXOTIC CREPE. The mango/pineapple crepe that'll be the best $9+ spent OF YOUR LIFE. The crepes here are winners. They're thin and fluffy, the warm fruit compote is awesome, and the coconut gelato changed my life. You can buy the gelato by itself for $5 a scoop (WORTH IT). I'm a local so the chocolate fountain and location in the Bellagio doesn't really phase me. But it's still pretty.How to eat the exotic crepe: cut  piece of the crepe, douse it with some of the food compote, and then snag a scoop of the coconut gelato and shove it in your mouth. Wait for life to change. Repeat.
4	This place has the CUTEST little cakes.  Cute enough that I was stupid enough to walk over from the Palazzo at 10 in the morning on a Saturday just to pick one up for a birthday girl.They also have cute truffle boxes.  It's like a step up from Godiva.  Cute, cute packaging.  CUTE!They had a Spongebob cake on display.  I was ecstatic :)
5	zjean phi-lipppe pah-teez-ahr-ghree I kept saying the name in the worst French accent possible. Rolls off the tongue.We stayed in the Spa tower so every time we needed to go anywhere, we would pass by this place. So good that we made it a point to get a little something each time we passed.  What drew us in was the chocolate fountain. It's so mesmerizing to watch, but at first I just ignored it because I thought there was now way it was real. Super cool and I kept seeing tour groups around it.  Now for the food - the gelato was tasty and the perfect texture and density.  Sometimes gelato places make it too much like regular ice cream where it's too hard or too thick or not thick enough. We had the mint chocolate chip and the small size satisfied our gelato craving nicely. We also had a couple of the tarts. The strawberry tart was delicious even though it was $6.50 and tiny, it's totally worth the tastes. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=L7QmuervWX8nYzFYbZsD-A&select=RvqRJsW79dfKIWxkzKbGjQThe fruit tart was a little different, but still pretty delicious. If I were to have it again, I would go with the strawberry just because I liked the bottom base thing more. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=L7QmuervWX8nYzFYbZsD-A&select=tkL_T6YaT8nIXGxy7_SgowWe didn't get to try any of their bread or bagels or crepes, but maybe next time. Once we ate one of those tarts, we didn't want to order anything else.
4	we came here for a "light snack" because we were going to hit the bellagio buffet later but needed something to hold us overthe pastry and sandwich displays are beautiful and the chocolate fountain is stunningwe decided on the crepes (2 savory and 1 sweet) for 3 of us. the royal had very tender chicken and was tastier than the forest which had ham). the savory crepes all come with a side salad with nice dressing.  the nutella with banana was great (they list nutella only on the menu but you can ask them to add the bananas when you order). it's fun watching them make the crepes (especially if it's yours). there were a lot of people on the weekend as expected). the crepes come in plastic plate that is perfectly shaped to the crepes which is funny. it was a great "light snack" before the buffet later =)
5	Best deal in Vegas.You might wonder how I could say that about a place that is far from inexpensive.  But dollar for dollar, I felt my money was well spent at Jean Philippe Patisserie.  The $27 I spent on two crepes and a cafe au lait gave me more deliciousness and quality than any other meal I purchased in town.  Breakfast is phenomenal here.  Nutella brioche?  Yes, please.  Paired with a well-made cafe au lait, it made early mornings a lot easier.  Excellent bread filled with rich Nutella cream was a decadent way to start the day.  The wild blueberry tart (which they called brioche but I disagree) was good as well.Crepes are so good.  The savory crepes are made Breton-style with buckwheat.  The mushrooms in my egg crepe were incredibly flavorfill, a mixture of crimini and portabella that was lovely.I picked up some chocolates as gifts and tried a truffle myself.  Rich, creamy chocolate was just right.Insider tip: look at the menu before you get in line.  The line snakes around the shop, and they'll ask for you order before you can see the pastry selection, and the crepe menu can only be read if you are standing outside the shop in front of the crepe station.  So decide before you get in line.
3	Their pastries looked very impressive -- beautiful works of art. I opted for a banana crepe instead (still sweet but not the sugar high their pastries would have been). The line was pretty long, wrapping back around the counter and into the hallway, but it moved fairly quickly. By the time I ordered and paid, my crepe was waiting for me. Soft, delicate, and slightly chewy... yum... caramelized bananas and a huge mound of whip cream... double yum. Sure, it was great, but grossly overpriced at $9 in my opinion. Next time I'll have to try their gelato or pastries.
4	I first sampled these chocolates when they were left in our Bellagio hotel room - unlike other hotel bedside chocolates, these were incredible - I had to get more to bring home!The boutique itself is a bit small and does not offer a large selection of items, but it's adequate in getting that chocolate fix.They have simple chocolate bars, some specialty bars, caramels, hot cocoa (drinking chocolate) and chocolate covered marshmallows.This is definitely one of those places you always stop by when you are in Vegas.
4	First time visiting this place.  My friend and I got banana crepe, cinnamon sugar crepe with vanilla gelato, white-mocha coffee, nutella brioche and nutella napoleon.  Among these, I only liked the banana crepe and the gelato.  The rest of the items were slightly above average but nothing to go crazy for-really.  I give this place four stars because of the crepe and the gelato.  They WERE truly way above average (especially the gelato).  The next time I come back, I will try more items and by then, I will hopefully be able to give one more star.
5	This beautiful little place in the corner of Bellagio Casino and Hotel is simply AMAZING!Guinness World record for the largest chocolate fountain.  Yes chocolate fountain of 3 different cascading real chocolate from ceiling to the ground.The gelato was YUMMY!  One cup has two scoops of your favorite flavors.  I got mango sorbet and strawberry.  Usually I stay away from gelatos because they're usually too sweet for my taste, but the gelatos here were not too sweet.This place makes crepes too and they look beautiful.All in all this place is a great place to take a break from the machines and have yourself a little treat.  And maybe you can find a good spot to watch the Bellagio water show from the inside
4	I turned the corner and BAM I saw a huge chocolate fountain! So, I thought why not buy some sweets here??I had the crepes here and they were pretty amazing...I wish I had it them one more time before put I didn't have time.The croissants here are so good too...I took some home with me I was pretty excited when I pulled them out for breakfast!!
1	Hmmm yeah, apparently  I never got the memo about why this place is so cool. Everything is overpriced and nothing tastes that special. The lines are long too... 20 minutes to get a coffee and a bagel? Come on, Starbucks doesn't even take that long and is half the price and they are considered expensive by a lot of people!!! The workers look like funny umpa lumpas with their outfits and hats which I guess is good for a little laugh. Anyways... I guess I just didn't get this place... Right? I'm confused, why do people rave about this place?
4	I kept passing by this darling patisserie en route to and from my hotel room while staying at the Bellagio. There was always a line, which was discouraging, but it kept me away from the high caloric crepes, and luscious looking desserts. Anyhow, I was in Vegas to run a half marathon, so the last thing in the world I need is to consume these fattening pastries. That is what I kept telling myself all weekend. And so the last day of our trip rolled around, and I agreed to meet a few friends for breakfast before our massage appointment. Trying to be healthy, I ordered the berry protein shake, which was very delicious, but not as good as the Nutella crepe merely looked. I held off from ordering one, and only indulged in one bite of my friends. Here I sit at home.... thinking.... dreaming.... CRAVING.....that delicious hazelnut and chocolate Nutella crepe. Trust me. Do not refrain. You'll regret it. I am.
5	I always reward myself after a long run so after a short rest in my hotel room following the half marathon this was the first place I headed to.  Located on the main level of the Bellagio Resort & Casino the little bakery is difficult to miss with scores of interested passers-by stopped in front admiring the World's Largest Chocolate Fountain (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/H8qpFitIesth86zqR4cwYg?select=Fwze61auOtWIO7qqZftfoA and http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/H8qpFitIesth86zqR4cwYg?select=NNY_w4GCH3S7XDDwwT6EMw) as confirmed by the Guinness people.  Many people seemed to focus in on the delicious Santa (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/H8qpFitIesth86zqR4cwYg?select=vrgekS99XPXpSALLiAv8hA) too as the bakery is all decked out for the holidays.Decorations are nice, but my focus of attention went straight to the bakery case because all of the little desserts (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/H8qpFitIesth86zqR4cwYg?select=cUvmX9TR0T-SsadcR6CXCw and http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/H8qpFitIesth86zqR4cwYg?select=xd8x-dTVzmXltk3mMp2Bow) on display looked fabulous.  They even had sugar-free selections (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/H8qpFitIesth86zqR4cwYg?select=OliyqIlWdwkr3ssI_z--Vw)!  Everything looked great, but something else I had glanced at earlier caught my attention first.At the very front of the bakery behind a sheet of curved plexiglass is a crepe station where you can watch as freshly made crepes are prepared on a hot griddle.  They had two crepes on display, a mixed berries crepe (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/H8qpFitIesth86zqR4cwYg?select=Y23VBoGim8Vl8JSUTUQM5w) and a chocolate decadence crepe (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/H8qpFitIesth86zqR4cwYg?select=NHqifygfOqSomQpVOprLyQ).  I ordered one of the chocolate ones.  It took a bit of time to be prepared, but the overall product was worth the wait.  The display crepe actually looked better and had a bit more chocolate and a lot more powdered chocolate, but I'm thankful because the crepe I was served was sweet enough.  The chocolate pieces, shavings and glazes were decadent alright and the crepe was nice and chewy.  I didn't eat all the cream as I felt pretty bloated after this dessert.I didn't stop with the crepe either.  I returned to the counter and ordered a single chocolate-covered strawberry (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/H8qpFitIesth86zqR4cwYg?select=S4rtxwJXeLP4BGi5lakoYA) to take with me to eat at a later time.  My strawberry was a bit squished by the time I returned to the hotel, but it was still delicious nonetheless.  I had fun licking the chocolate off the side of the bag.The bakery serves gelato also and has a nice assortment of boxed confections on display.  There are other crepe selections also other than the two that were on display.  Jean Philippe Patisserie was the perfect reward to an excellent race.
4	This place was so yummy..we came here 3 times on our trip! How ridiculous.I would highly recommend the crepes. I liked the "gelato" but I wouldn't really consider it gelato..it's more like ice cream with stronger flavors. If you want Italian gelato then you can find it at the Venetian or Palazzo.However, their crepes are super soft and yummy. And they have the cutest little dessert cakes. Prices are around $6 each for those though and the crepes are about $6-$11...more on the pricier end for sure..but what do you expect in Vegas?
5	Who wouldn't love a place with a chocolate fountain display? This place ups the ante with a white, milk, and dark chocolate waterfall-type display...very cool.The crepes were pretty good, but I've had better..however the presentation is excellent.The thing to get here? How about the pastries? By far the best croissant ever! Definitely worth a stop next time I'm in town.
5	WOW!  That is a HUGE fountain.  Of chocolate!!  But no one can eat it .  Probably a good thing, who knows what it would taste like since it has probably been doing that for years. Yummy pastries, and gellato.  Pricey, but you're in the Bellagio!  The kids had vanilla gellato and we split a napoleon.   Mmmmm
5	First of all, I would like to say that I'm a HUGE dessert fanatic and I absolutely LOVED this place!! When I saw the restaurant, the first thing I noticed was the dripping chocolate...and I was immediately attracted. When I saw all the crepes, cakes, and other desserts that they had...I was hooked and had to try something out. I came here 3 times with my friend on my 3 day Vegas trip. Yes, once everyday. I tried their chocolate crepe with rum raisin gelato (added extra), which tasted amazinggg. It was the best crepe that I have ever had...and I've had many types of crepes before in my life. I also came back just to try their gelato, which tasted more like ice cream than gelato, but it was still really good. I also got their rose petal raspberry macaron, which tasted like heaven. They have such a huge selection of cakes and pastries, but if you come here, you MUST try their crepes!Even if you're not hungry, just walking into the restaurant and checking the place out is a treat too because they've got so many cool designs of cakes...even ones looking like the louis vuitton suitcases! The servers were also pretty friendly, and the stuff they use for the plates are also very nice looking.Overall, one of the best dessert places I've been to and I'd DEFINITELY come back the next time I go to Vegas!
4	Helloooooooo Chocolate fountain! I am sure everyone wishes they could eat all that yummy chocloate flowing down from the ceiling of this place but they are lucky to find even more delicious items inside. You can almost smell the crepes being made down the hall and even if you werent in the mood for a nutella crepe, now all of a sudden your life depends on it! You MUST have one. They are delicious. We had some of their sandwhiches for lunch which were expensive but delicious. I for one was not a fan of the two dessert items we sampled, as I thought they were both a bit boring and tasteless. All in all, this place is fun to visit when you want something sweet, a good place for a fast lunch but be prepared to pay the price ( Its Vegas, but still).
5	Jean Philippe is full of candy, both for the eyes as well as the stomach.  Equipped with a Crepe station and a glass counter overflowing with what looks to be art more so than food the patisseries are complex and rightly so.  Patisserie is Jean's claim to fame.  I gave JP's 5 stars.  Based not on the crepes, which are great by all accounts, and neither did i give the pastries consideration. These 5 stars are for making what may be the finest Croissant available in France or otherwise AND for selling the finest prosciutto panini I have had the pleasure of enjoying.  Here's the Skinny:The Croissant : I have had many in my life, most have been pretty good.  I mean it seems a simple item right?  The croissants from JP reminded me that simple is sublime.  The crust was golden, sweet, & crisp.  The inside soft, warm, simple. If JP's was the Matrix the Croissant would named "Neo".The Panini : JP does not make the prosciutto panini that is so, so, worthy of these 5 stars. Truth be told they just throw it on the panini press.  The sandwiches themselves arrive each day from somewhere presumably in the Las Vegas area.  Should I ever find out their origin said companies delivery boy will have an additional stop on his route.
2	Ok, like really.....$5.00 for a small cafe latte and $5 or so for a nutella muffin. Too bad the stars have no categories because i will give it 5 stars for presentation and image and 2 stars for price and 1.5 stars for taste. The nutella muffin you would think is moist and ooeey gooey. Turns out to be hard, cold, and minimal ooeey gooeines.  Bouchon in Venetian serves better pastries for a "cheaper" price. The latte is watered down, not strong at all.  I was mighty impressed by the silverwares and the uniforms of the servers. They all look like white chocolates to me in the cute hats and aprons.  If you want to just OOO and AAA, i say come here!! You will be impressed by the selections. But if looking for good tasting items, i think there are better places.  But then again, Las Vegas is a place where image is everything and not really true substance so I guess JP serves up well. Money is nothing in this city of fun.
4	Turkey & Cranberry Croissant- YummyTurkey Crepe- YummyBlue Powerade$30 something for a simple lunch @ Jean Philippe PatisserieThe serving size is good for an average sized French person.  However, in the land of Super Size Me, A sandwich or a crepe may not fill you up. There is so much to look at and drool over at this place. The desserts look so pretty, but everything is pretty expensive.  I was eyeing a pack of marshmallows until I found out it was $20 something dollars!!! I would probably go back just to try out more things on the menu and to try the desserts.
3	I thought it was just OK.  I've had better crepes and MUCH better gelato elsewhere.  They really need to add some class to the service for the price.
3	Their pastry is just like their chocolate fountain, such a wonder to just look at.  So pretty, you might not realize it's real.We actually headed here after dinner at Top of the World because their gelatos just looked so inviting.  I dont think I held such high expectations, but apparently, the gelato just didn't do it for me.It was late in the evening, so most of the flavors I would have chosen were already gone, so I opted for the "cheesecake" gelato.  Not sure if it was supposed to be lemon cheesecake, or if that's what cheesecake is to them....but either way...it was way too sweet.  WAY.I couldn't even counter the sweetness with massive amounts of water.  I had to throw it out.  Sigh.Thankfully though, I also did get a rose macaroon (leave it to the French to discover you can eat flowers).  The presentation and look brought me back to my trip to Paris.  And the taste, definitely redemption from the sad and sweet gelato.  The macaroon was pretty large, it can easily shared with another.  If I were to go back to spend that kind of money on dessert, I'd go with the macaroons.
4	DELICIOUS.  I had:- blueberry brioche ($3.95): oh-so-good... like a blueberry muffin but better- basil aioli chicken panini ($10.50): DROOLworthy. It was so delicious... has grilled onions and fontina cheese.  The bread was so crusty and crunchy.  MMMM.- gelato ($6.75 if you get a waffle cone): pricey, but super creamy & tasty. for the same price, you can choose to have 1 or 2 flavors.- hot chocolate (~$4): mediocre.They also possess the Guinness world record for largest chocolate  fountain.  Check it out- it is truly enormous.The only reason it's 4 stars and not 5: the price of the panini and gelato -- it wasn't even huge or anything... but it's in the Bellagio, so I guess that's to be expected.
4	YUM, you simply MUST have a taste...  the chocolate fountains display is so cute and the pastries and chocolates are YUUUUUUMMMMMY...I always take one home when I stay at this hotel...
5	We were just looking for some lattes and stumbled on to this place.  Coffee was so good we got some the next day.  We were short on time and got lunch here on our way to the airport and...low and behold..we discovered....hands. down. The best croissant (both plain and chocolate) I've had in the US.  It is better than a lot of croissants I've had in Paris.This is one of those do not miss places in Vegas if you are a coffee and croissant fan.  I didn't try anything else but i'm sure they are all of the same quality.
4	Cute and whimsical, the Jean Phiippe Patisserie is a great place to take a break for coffee, dessert, or gelato.  The praline truffle and the coconut truffle were phenomenal and worth the $2 a pop.  We also ate the hazelnut gelato and oreo gelato, both of which were pretty good.  We took home the coconut macaroons, and these were mediocre and overpriced.  Take my advice and skip the cookies and go straight to the chocolate and gelato.
5	If you go to Vegas and you want a place to get sweets, this is a solid place to check out.  It's probably my favorite bakery.  I try to make it a point to drop by here when I head to Vegas.When I come here, I get lost in the options.  They have great cakes, crepes, and candies.  Jean Phillipe is a world champion chocolatier and you can't go wrong with any dish containing chocolate in it.I love their custard-filled crepes.  I add nutella and fruits to it.   Their crepes are overpriced, but so good.I hear that Jean-Phillipe opened a new location @ the new Aria hotel and that, that location has more seating and less crowds.  This sweets shop is located in the Bellagio hotel.  It's kinda hidden, but it's definitely there.
5	To simply say that these are the best pastries that I have ever eaten is a bit of an understatement. I should say these are REALLY REALLY REALLY the BEST. I am talking serious sugar goodness here. Try the lemon meringue pie or cheesecake. Also, you won't go wrong with anything chocolate. The place is pretty cool - traditional counter service patisserie and retail store - but accented by a large decorative chocolate fountain. The coffee is really good as well! If you are on the strip and looking for a Lil somethin' sweet this is worth the trip!October 2011 - Made it back to JPP on my recent Vegas trip - yep, still THAT GOOD.  Try the carrot cake thing - really, it can make you happy till your death...
3	Went with my BF, brother and his BF. Late night- wanted to see if they had macaroons or get some pastries....no macaroons, pastries that were left didn't perk my interest (fruit tarts, eclair).Bro and BF got gelatos and chocolates. Took a bite of their pistachio- nice actually, robust pistachio flavor.We got a crepe with just custard and chocolate and chocolates and a raspberry tart BF wanted to try as well. Crepe was good, I like that the chocolate wasn't overtly sweet milk chocolate, more like a milk and dark cross, but I don't think it was priced right for what it is. I spend a lot on desserts, but it's just a crepe. Chocolates good, I liked the coconut which I normally don't but it was subtle. Tart- Alright, there was a pistachio like cream on the bottom and it was nice, but the tart itself was kinda hard, berries were fresh and sweet. Got teas to compliment.- A-OK- just got standard greens, but were all premium tea drinkers and it doesnt wow like some of the selection at home (NO ready made tea bags, fine tea leaves).They were yummy, but not like OMG Imma effing die this soo goood.  It was satisfying enough to curb our after dinner sweet toofs. One big shtick I got about this place is that its circular layout makes it eye pleasing but it makes it a clusterfuck when it's busy. People just don't know where to go, they cut cuz they don't get if there's a line. Also since we were getting stuff from all their stations it was frustrating- the chocolate lady told us to order crepes from the crepes, and go to coffee to get our drinks, etc.....WTH?! Can't you ring up and charge us and ticket them our order to make?! I dont think she knew really what theyre doing....surely you dont have to line up 4 times, but whatever we just figured it's easier to split up and not confuse that lady even more.  Yeah, we 4 split up and lined up in each area. BF went to gelato, I got the crepe, brother got the chocolates and BF got teas. Crepe customers vicious, I had to tell someone to step off their order because they helped themselves to the front of the line. Maybe I'll try it again if I'm here or Aria when it's not busy, but by all means I will walk by and forget it if it's a busy cluster. Desserts good but not worth having to tagteam to hit all the stations again.
4	i must say that Jean Philippe Patisserie has many dessert selection to choose from...so many that i cannot decide which one i want. From crepe to gelato to cakes to coffee - ahhh~ i want them all!!! I ended up treating myself to a caramel twist - it has a strong coffee flavor, which i like. the caramel was there but it didn't overpower the coffee flavor nor was it too sweet.Thinking my cup of coffee would be enough, i was wrong, i just had to order a dessert... i ended up getting the triple chocolate flourless cake. It was okay; waaayyy too sweet. It for sure satisfied my sweet tooth. I wished i had order their crepe cuz it looked really good.Yes, it is expensive but sometimes u just need to treat yourself to something good after a long week of hard work.
5	As if the gigantic chocolate flowers in the glass case weren't enough to entice me to pay a visit, the display cases kind of make me turn into a heifer. I have only sampled a few of the truffles but all were delicious. I mean, anything with waffle cone pieces in it will win me over (I don't remember the name of this tasty truffle). The praline truffle was also fantastic. I wish I had less self restraint. Next time I'll let you win, Jean Philippe! $2 at a time!
5	Sinfully delicious.  This was my first time, and I wished I would've discovered this earlier on my previous trips to Vegas.  Oh please, please open a location on the east coast!Crepes are expensive at around $9, but totally worth every dime.  The flavors are fresh and intense.  I had the exotic crepe, which had mango, pineapples, and cocount.  To die for!They just opened another location in the Aria hotel, and it's less crowded than the one in the Bellagio.  I highly recommend making this stop when you're in Vegas.  One of the best bakeries I've been to in my life.Oh yes, and they also have the world's largest chocolate fountain inside.  Worth the stop as well, even if you aren't planning to get any sweets.
5	The absolute best crepes I have ever had!! My favorite is definitely the souffle crepe. I personally like my crepes pretty plain but with nutella,  so this was kind of the perfect one for me. I've tried others before, but cannot remember their names since my discovery of the souffle crepe, but I do recall the others being delicious as well.They also vend several different types of goodies which are great for gifts. Everything is nicely displayed and decorated, very clean and fancy and I can stare at their amazing chocolate fountain for days!  Each time I go to Vegas, I always try to make a trip to this place even though it may be bit out of my way if I'm not staying at the Bellagio. It is not located in the same area as the other stores and boutiques, it is actually by the guest elevators instead, which is a bit of an awkward location. Yes, the place might be hard to find, it may be a bit pricey, the lines might be long, and the place might be unorganized with several customers wandering around, but the crepes are definitely worth the trouble!
5	They serve THE BEST crepes!! I had tried all their flavors in these past few years, you couldn't go wrong with any of them! I feel something is missing if I don't go there during my Vegas trip!!
5	We rushed to this place as our last stop in Vegas before heading to the airport. I am so sad that we didn't discover it sooner! This place is world class. On par with the best shops in France or Italy. What an amazing end to our trip!Since we were in a hurry we all ordered ice cream. We had chocolate, peanut butter brittle, and hazelnut ice creams, and strawberry and coconut (no dairy, all coconut milk) for sorbets. All around we agreed that this is THE BEST Gelato/ICE CREAM AND SORBET that we have ever had, anywhere. Each dish ($4.95) comes with 2 generous scoops (hallelujah!). The kids really liked the dark or white chocolate dipped cones.I recommend that you sample all of their options- the crepes looked amazing, and the pastries were spectacularly beautiful. I think that I even saw some sandwich options around the back of the counter. I can't wait to go back!
5	I was in heaven! There are so many pastries and chocolates. Everything I got there was really good, especially the rasberry tart. It is the best fruit tart I've ever had. If you love sweets, you have to go here.
5	Me and my gf were walking all over LV needed to take a break really badly.  After passing other Jean Philippe Patisserie's and seeing all the long lines.  We stopped and saw that this line wasn't as long, we asked the person that was putting in more pastries out and asked for her recommendations, it was the creme brule with dark chocolate and we also had one of the gelato.  It was dam good!!! Now I know why so many people had to wait in line.
4	Great find that my Fiance and I stumbled on to when we were exploring the Bellagio after checking in.  We ordered a berry crepe and tiramisu.  Ordinarily I would not get Tiramisu, I hate it, it's on the bottom of the barrel of my dessert list, but my Fiance loves the stuff and their tiramisu actually looked fantastic ... and it was!!  Easily the best tiramisu that I have ever had .. which ultimately will make me hate any other tiramisu desserts not from here even more... oh well.  The crepe was okay .. nothing special.
5	I was at the Bellagio this past Sunday as i was ready to walk to the Casino to get a free drink I passed by Jean Phillipe hmm i turned around to see the menu was thinking a shake but decided to go generic and get a scoop of chocolate mint gelato, from the first taste i was hooked. I think now that when i go Vegas i will have to make this place a must stop from this point on.
4	They make the most beautiful desserts and they are to die for....go on an empty stomach!Pros:I absolutely love the raspberry rose flavored french macaroon, the Napolean and the flan(the flan is a fantastic deal at $3.95 a piece and it's huge!). I also found the video being played on their TV to be really interesting to watch. It shows how they made some of the beautiful and delicate decors that went on their pastries/cake. It made me want to go home and try it myself!Cons:Not a fan of the crepes here. I tried a savory one with ham/spinach/mushroom/cheese and it had WAY too much ham in there. I guess Vegas is all about excess....but sometimes less is more! Another downer is that I found the workers there are just always in a rush to get through the line which makes it not as charming as it could've been....Overall, I found cake/pastries divine and would definitely come back and try them all!
5	Strawberry tart is SO GOOD and pretty :)  The pastry store within the Bellagio is so cute!  It has this waterfall chocolate fountain that's just so mesmerizing.  The display of all the pastries is very alluring.  They even make crepes if you want.  Every time I go into this store it reminds me of My Lovely Sam Soon, a korean series of a girl who follows her dreams of a pastry shoppe.  I will definitely visit here the next time I'm in Vegas.
5	My brother was nice enough to bring me back some goodies from Vegas. A box of assorted macaroons and rice krispies. They weren't your ordinary sweets.. OHEMGEE.. they were bomb dotcom! The rice krispies were partly covered in sweet ,dark chocolate and yummy melted marshmallow. Surprisingly they weren't too sweet compared to regular rice krispies. Then there were the macaroons... ohsogood.. they came in 4 different flavors: pistachio, coffee, raspberry, and chocolate. All four were absolutely delectable, but my faves had to be pistachio and raspberry. Btw, macaroons are my current guilty pleasures! S'more pleeease???  =)
3	We had gelato. It was good, but it was too heavy/creamy for gelato. The cakes and cookies looked pretty, so the next time I am in NV, I will try it. 3 stars for gelato.
5	Have you ever eaten something that blew your mind to the point where you repeat "Oh my God" several times in a minute?  I just had that experience at Jean Philippe's.  The best way to express my feelings at this moment is to describe it--I feel like I've taken a bite of heaven, and the sugar Gods are dancing on my tongue.I know.  You're wondering if I'm over exaggerating.  I believe that this place has the best brioche I've ever eaten.  The rest of the stuff is great, don't get me wrong.  The chocolates are lovely and creamy with the right bitterness to the chocolate, and their pastries are light, creamy, and made with love.  Their gelatos are perfect and to add a scoop into a white chocolate-dipped cone is pure heaven.  But this review is given with thanks to that beautiful, lovely, edible cloud of bread known as their sugar brioche.What blows my mind about this brioche is the sugar crystals on the bread.  I cannot believe the texture on this thing.  First, you pull apart the brioche and you see how soft it is inside.  There are these beautiful crystals of sugar all around it that compliment the yeasty flavor.  The sugar isn't hard crystallized sugar, but some sort of cooked down and dried sugar that's broken up again and the brioche is rolled around in it.  The texture of the sugar with the soft interior is wonderful.The cinnamon rolls are very popular and fortunately I bought the last one.  Their cream cheese is nice, and the roll looks pretty big.  Nice flavor, flaky outside, and sticky.  I love it.Overall, great patisserie and one I'll return to time and again.  If you aren't into the flaky croissants or fancy chocolates, steer clear.  Otherwise I suggest a sugar brioche, croissant, gelato, a few truffles and a cinnamon roll for a huge, sweet indulgence.
5	located in the bellagio, from the check in, hang left, and it's on the right hand side, right pass the garden.I had their blueberry brioche. YUMMMMMMM it was heavenly.The outside had a very thin crust, the top was a cross between a custard and sponge cake ish. It was delicious. Their chocolate fountain I think was rather a distraction from their amazing selection of delicious pastries... Also, I saw few people getting their crepes. That's definitely on my list to try for next time.
4	Girls love crepes. It's true. So a crepe stop at the esteemed Jean Philippe Patisserie is a requirement on an all-girls Vegas trip. I was surprised by the lack of seating. There's 3-4 small tables wedged into the walls and some very small tables further down the corridor, but it's very much a take-and-go cafe. The curvy, bending mounted wall menu is hard to read when it's over your head while in line, so decide what you want beforehand. The lady taking the orders was pretty rude to me as well. I must've not heard her when she asked me what I wanted and she skipped to the person behind me. "Excuse me, did you take my order yet?" I asked politely. "No." She glared at me. Whoa, alright, sorry. She left for a little bit, came back, sighed, and begrudgingly told me, "Okay NOW I can take your order." Jeez, I'll buy some hearing aids next time. All other staff were pretty nice. I feel like I've listed a lot of cons, but it's not a bad place! It's a beautiful, unique, tasty cafe. The chocolate fountain is awe-worthy. It's hard to resist the urge to break through the glass and just drown yourself in the chocolaty waterfall. Lots of amazing, quirky, gorgeous cakes lining the walls so you have some eyecandy when in line or eating. On to food!NUTELLA BRIOCHE // Simple and delicious. Soft, tender bread with Nutella injected right in the middle.BERRY SOUFFLE CREPE // The crepe itself was fine, syrup too sweet for my taste, strawberries weren't fresh, but OH-DEAR-LORD I just have to give the 4th star for the souffle filling. I think I've found something I love more than Nutella. There! I said it. If only they sold that vanilla creme in a double-pack from Costco. Only an inkling of public decency kept me from licking that plate clean. Would've been absolutely perfect if I had the souffle crepe sans syrup with fresh berries and dollop of whipped cream.SUGAR CREPE // My friend ordered this plain crepe and...it was no good. She hated it and she grew up in France, she knows what a real crepe should be like. It was filled with granulated sugar and sickeningly sweet. Skip!
5	A must stop for any dessert lovers anywhere near the Bellagio.  I only wish I had made a special effort to leave room for a second round of dessert after our nightly dinners out.  We were lucky enough to be staying at the Bellagio on our recent Vegas trip.  So we got our daily morning caffeine fix at Jean Philippe -- their perfect roast coffee really was (better than Starbucks IMO).  Their chocolate croissants were the perfect flakiness - too little chocolate inside but the buttery croissant made up for it.  The Nutella crepe was heaven -- the next time I'll get some ice cream to go with it!  The only thing I wish I'd tried was their gelato -- guess I had to save something to look forward to on our next trip!  Their cakes on display were also amazing - reminded me of Cake Boss and Ultimate Cake Challenge on a smaller scale.  If you're getting married in Vegas and want a beautiful cake, I would definitely check them out.
4	lured by the chocolate fountain i decided to investigate. Got hungry so i bought a small dessert and a sandwich. The raspberry macaroon was okay...to me it was a bit too sweet. i thought the fresh raspberry would give it a tart kick but it was actually really sweet. the sugared rose petal on top was pretty cool too. also tried to smoked salmon sandwich which was pretty darn good i must say. The bread looked hard but it was soft and light. it had a good smoked flavor and instead of feeling like a sandwich is compiled of many ingredients it actually was infused together to give it 1 good flavor.
5	The chocolate fountain out front is what captured my attention and lead me into the shop.  We originally came here just to get a breakfast crepe before our flight back home,.. it was pretty decent and tasted a lot healthier than all the other meals I had during my trip in Vegas.  But there is one thing that I know will keep me coming back and for me to reward this place 5stars.. the cheesecake,. it was a thin layer of cream wrapped around a cheesecake creamy goo,.. that just melted in my mouth,.. mmmmmm,.. did that even make sense?! HAHAI will be back cheesecake!!
5	Heaven, pure heaven.  I LOVE crepes, and their berry crepe was sweet, light, flavorful, just delicious!  The chocolate fountain was a cute novelty, and I'm still trying it decide if it truly is the largest chocolate waterfall in the world.  (Alaska's Wild Berry Products in Anchorage makes the same claim about their waterfall, btw).The desserts look absolutely decadent; I knew I couldn't take that calorie bunch, so I satisfied my curiosity by taking lots of photos. (Cheaper and longer-lasting, I'm telling myself.)Their mochas are delicious, better than your Starbucks variety.  I wished I lived in the Bellagio just so I could come here every day!
4	okay this place looks like HEAVEN to me when i first saw it..ME? i'm a total chocoholic and everything sweet..the whole experience was pretty awesome..although let me be honest that this was not the best cakes i've had, i still think that their cakes was really good..so when u walked past it, u'll definitely can't missed it..this place is so nicely decorated with their cute n pretty pastries displayed..it makes you wanna drool all over the counter n stare at all those luscious heavenly cakes..it's sort of hypnotizing..well at least it was to me  =)so after drooling n staring at them..i ended up buying like 7 different kind of cakes n pastries (i wasn't planning to eat it all at once though) i forgot which ones i got cuz it was a while ago n also i bought cakes not by what's inside but by how they appeal to my eyes (typical women decision making process) but i definitely remembered how smooth n creamy their mousse is and how sweet n decadent their cakes were..they're just great n did i mention pretty? hehehe..oh well, yes the price is pretty pricey, but i mean u get what u paid for though..it was worth it..cuz it's almost like eating a piece of art..the cakes were nicely made n decorated..some of them even covered in chocolate covers that they made themselves..definitely a must try when u're in Vegas..
5	Nom nom nom nom nom nom. I am five pounds heavier after only two days' worth of unfettered access to the gastronomic orgiastic delights Bellagio's little "coffee shop" has to offer. Tiramisu gelato, resplendent with chunky mouthfuls of espresso-soaked sponge cake? Check. Nutella brioche, bursting with creamy hazelnut-chocolate flavor? Check. Scrumptious plain coffee, made luxurious with gobs of caramel syrup and real whipped cream? Check. Peanut brittle gelato, which may have finally converted my gelato-ly skeptical SO to the dark side? Check. Fresh fruit cup, with juicy blueberries the size of your thumb? Check. Breakfast panini that made my SO's eyes roll back in his head from pleasure? Check.Okay. So I spent well over $100 there in 48 hours. Shut up. Everything I had the pleasure of ingesting was superb! The world's largest chocolate fountain (which would look soooo much better in my living room) attracts a bunch of annoying tourists with cameras, but if you can focus on the goods and get past the chaos, you are gold!
4	Just walk by this place once and you'll definitely be hypnotized by it's giant chocolate fountain.  Like my Aria review, the desserts here are really nice works of delicious art.I came here last year and I was dying to try their cheesecake since it looked so good from the pics taken on here.  Sadly, I came too late at around 9pm and all their cheesecakes were gone!  Had to settle with getting the chocolate Opera cake.  While it was really good, I was still bummed that I didn't get the cheesecake.Fast forward one year later and I came back to make sure this time that I would get that damn cheesecake once and for all.  This time I actually came in early and had my cheesecake for lunch!!!  Haha!!!  Finally!!!  It was soooo goooood!!!So like I said in my Aria review, if you see something you like here on display, GET IT RIGHT AWAY!!!!4 Stars!!
5	are you kidding me? i expected to pay a lot and get a little with gelato as always, and especially because this place is so widely known. but boy was i surprised-- i paid $5 and got a hell of a lot of gelato, mint chocolate chip and cookies and creme to be exact. so much that i--an avid ice cream/gelato eater--could not finish it. i didn't think it was possible, but the nice guy at the counter gave us all a nice portion. the gelato itself.. the best mint chocolate chip gelato (or ice cream for that matter) that i've ever had in my life.
5	Remember on The Simpsons when Homer hallucinated "The Land of Chocolate"?  It's a bit like that when you see the giant choco-fountain.   Mmmmm... You seriously can't go wrong ordering here.  Nothing is bad!  All is good!  Maybe not calorically, but it's Vegas and a chocolate shop! SURPRISE!   A strawberry gelato in white chocolate cone?  Deliciousville.  Your head may explode into confetti and sparkles.
5	The BEST Gelato in Vegas, as well as amazing Crepes and great Mocha.  Our normal stop on a night out.  Slightly expensive, but it's the Bellagio, so what do you expect?
5	This place has the most amazing pasteries and cakes in the world. It also is home of the worlds largest chocolate fountain. You gotta check it out if you are ever in Vegas at the Bellagio and at Aria
2	I'm agreeing with Krsna on this one.  I don't get it.  The fountain is a chocolate fountain.  Are people really that impressed that it's in the book of world records?  The Bellagio room had no coffee pot so this was close to the elevator bank.  $4 for a cup of coffee??  And it wasn't good either.  Ridiculous.  The line set up here is so wonky and stuffed with tourists that don't know what to do and keep staring at that stupid fountain.  Move on and find somewhere else - and I guess take a picture of the world's largest chocolate fountain if you MUST
5	Best gelato I tried but very pricey!  Still worth it.
4	I say this place is 4 1/2 stars!!The crepes are amazing and they make it when you order them. I had the strawberry nutella crepe with an extra scoop of vanilla ice cream. It came out to be around $12. I really recommend the extra scope of ice cream, you would taste the hot and cold dessert at the same time!!! pretty amazing!!! my bf usually is not too fond of sweets, and he loved it too!!!I was here on a tuesday afternoon so there really wasn't a line which was great~~!! All the pastries they sell here look absolutely delicious. I also tried the tiramisu!! one of the best I have ever had~~!! and it was only $6.50. After the dessert, you should take a look around all their fancy cakes~! I really liked the hello kitty one!!Definitely recommend!!
3	Review: 3.5 starsI read great reviews about this bakery on Yelp, so I had to try it. The line is always busy and a bit unorganized. The desserts and pastries looked delicious! My hubby and I had a snack around 4pm. We tried two pastries: sugar and apple brioche. The pastries weren't bad, but you could tell that they were sitting out all day. It was a bit sweet, and I don't know if they are worth $4 each.If I come back, I'll try the crepes since everyone raves about them. This place opens late, so you can definitely come back for a late snack.
4	The coffee was fine. Not great, just fine.The pastries, on the other hand, were a revelation. Some of the best croissants ever (chocolate--yum! almond--thank you!). The line is sloppy, it's all a bit overpriced (but it's in the Bellagio, so what do you expect?) but if you like pastry, for God's sake, don't miss it.
5	Wow, wow, wow!!! I say that and I did not even taste...just looked...amazing!!!The fountain is mesmerizing...you can't help but want to dip a finger in...guess that's why all the glass. :)Also watched crepes being made...fascinating how fast they can go. Begged a customer to pause and let me take a pic...she said that was fine...but don't ask for a taste!! lol
5	When in Vegas I have VERY VERY HIGH expectations for all restaurants/shops and this place to no surprise located in the Bellagio Hotel delivers and meets all my expectations! I don't think I have had anything that I didn't love here. The quality of the food, the luxury and style of the chocolates and pastries are clearly visible. My favorites are the pesto prosciutto mozzarella panini, vanilla shake, really any of the crepes and pastries because they are all heavenly.This is definitely a great place to stop for a quick inexpensive (compared to other options) lunch or a snack before you gamble the night away!!!PS - Their chocolate fountain thing is soooo cool makes you just wanna open your mouth and stick your face underneath : )
3	My boyfriend had the Margarita Sorbet, because it contained alcohol and he is an alcoholic but also because he likes sorbet more than ice cream. I tried a bit of his sorbet, but it was more of a slushy. Even when the were scooping it in, it was really shapeless. Still, my boyfriend enjoyed it.... but after awhile he waited for it to melt and just downed it.... I had the hazelnut gelato. It was pretty good, but I thought it would be a bit more cold. It felt like the gelato was just a little bit below room temperature. Maybe it was just way too hot that day.... dont know.The gelato here is good, it is one of the creamiest gelato I ever had. But for some reason I just did not love it.
4	Delicious gelato!!! mmmmm!!! They have a huge selection too! So many to choose from. I've tried a few (i.e., mango, strawberry, and pistachio) and all were delicious! I love how they have a chocolate fountain there too for the customers to stare at while they're waiting in line for their gelato! mmm...makes you want to buy chocolate or just stick your finger in there to taste it!
4	If you have any hankering for something sweet, this place will do the job!Not only are there handfuls of different flavored gelato, there's also an assortment of sweet and savory crepe offerings and mini pastries.  While you decide on what you want, be dazzled by the world's largest chocolate fountain.  Made of confectionary grade chocolate, it took engineers 2 years of planning.  Now that's the kind of engineering work I want to do!I mixed pistachio and tiramisu gelato in my cup, and though it cost me an Abe Lincoln, the portion was rather generous.  Two thumbs up!
4	Loved this place.  The gelato (mmm, coconut gelato), the chocolate, the crepes.  My cousin and i frequented this patisserie several times a day.  The only real CON is that this place is always packed.  So the wait time can be long and there are tons of tourists looking at the chocolate fountain....so its kinda chaotic.  But still... a fan.  :)
4	okay the chocolate fountain was kind of a disappointment. that's it? i wish we could like dip some fruit into it or try it or something. you're literally just watching dripping chocolate.but the store itself was pretty cool. so many things to choose from! crepes, muffins, cookies, cute desserts, and of course chocolate! gelato was yummy too! nice place to get useful souvenirs/gifts for someone. because most of their packing says "las vegas" on it.
5	This is a world class pastry shoppe. If pasty is your thing, get a room at the Bellagio so it can be at arms length! The pastries are tiny little works of art and are surprisingly affordable for their quality and craftsmanship. There are also sandwiches, juice and sodas, various sweet and savory brioches, and fresh made-to-order crepes. This is a perfect place for a quick lunch or snack, though there isn't much seating inside the store and most of the tables in the hallways are packed with people savoring their delicious purchases. Venture further down the halls to find a table. This place is busy, so prepare to wait 10-15 minutes in line... but it's SO worth it!
4	When you think of Vegas decadence, you're probably thinking of things far more risque than chocolate.  But the Jean Philippe Patisserie is doing its due diligence to change that.Strippers?  Comped suites?  Steak?  Bah!Come and marvel at the giant chocolate fountain, amazing pastries, and... oh yeah... that giant chocolate fountain.You need not be a chocolate nut.  You will weep regardless.
5	The best Almond Brioche I've ever had.************Pick up a Cafe Americano w/ it and you will not regret it.You're welcome.
5	There was  a Jean Phlippe in the Aria hotel we were staying at.... but I opted to wait until I saw the Jean Philippe chocolate fountain at the Bellagio Hotel - It was so cool seeing the chocolate come out of the sky, and sliding down the glass plates.. not sure where the chocolate goes but I hope it doesn't go to waste!This bakery was a lot smaller, but it didn't matter - the people lined up around the counter and patiently waited as servers got pastries, sandwiches, and skillfully made the drinks and crepes.I was on my macaron quest in Vegas and unfortunately, the little ones were not sold from this bakery. There was a little green pistachio macaron on top one of their craft pastries, so I decided to opt for their giant rose macaron - bright raspberry coloured, the size of a hockey pick (approx). with raspberries and custard cream sandwiched in the middle, decorated with a dried edible sugared rose petal on top... pure elegance!My first bite into this piece of artwork was soft, and well balanced - sweet, but not too sweet, and nice to have some real fruit as a part of the filling. The rose petal only tasted like sugar, so I left it. It was good to share with my friends as the portion for one person can be a little too much. The rosewater was subtle and although an acquired taste, I thought it was just right.The gelato at JP is really something else. The silkiness is divine and the flavours are bursting with flavour and it seems like any flavours combined would still be perfect no matter what. Trying the oreo and the strawberry... I could not have tasted a better pair. If there was a whole tub, I think I'd eat it all. I don't know how the workers can resist!
3	Every time I'm in Vegas, I have to visit the Bellagio gardens and chocolate fountain at Jean Philippe's. I've always ogled over their fancy pastries, but never tried them. On Saturday, my mom and I decided to get the vegetarian Mediterranean crepes and a dulce de leche brioche for breakfast. Later that night, we even went back for gelato!I am not a big fan of crepes, but all the vegetables and sauce inside the crepes were good. A lot of food, I couldn't even finish my brioche! Prices are steep and I hated being rushed when I didn't know which pastry I wanted (so many to choose from!). The line was very long when we went for breakfast, but luckily there was a separate line for gelato when we went back later that night.
4	The crepes were fantastic here.  My friend and I were in the mood for dessert after seeing le reve but weren't going to be okay with just ice cream, so we stopped by here.  We got two different crepes - she got banana's foster and my was just a plain nutella - and we shared.  I'm pretty sure we were licking the plates clean.  So good.  The crepes were made to order - including the actual crepe part.  I know some places stock pile a bunch of them and then just heat it back up and then put toppings on it.  Not here.Also - you have to check out the HUGE selection of other pastries, chocolates and gelato.  They also have a huge chocolate fountain.
3	Crepe's was good but not the best I had the cheese Danish was the boss
5	Okay so I feel bad for the people who don't walk around the corner from the bellagio lobby and happen upon the flowing chocolate fountain and smell of fresh crepes and nutella! This is my most favorite dessert place in vegas, I have to come here every time. Breakfast stuff is great like panini sandwhiches and breakfast crepes but I always have to get the nutella crepe.  Theres also gelato and tons of desserts and little chocolate gifts you can bring home.  I just hate how its so touristy some people don't buy the food they just take pictures of the fountain.  I also love the plastic utensils, it looks like real silverwear! So smart! Love it.
4	i think i found my new pastry shop on the vegas strip!....All The pastry are beautifully put together, the presentation of each one of them is gorgeous, they also have gelato and breads with looked very very good. Yes, they might be a little more expensive than most places but i think theyre well worth it....and they have a variety of different ones to choose from....This place is so beautiful, even if you dont want to buy anything it would be fun to just go in and look around.....they have a giant chocolate fondue fountain, three tier cakes around the store, and the huge display eagel made with chocolate...i had to take everyone from home one of these suckers....the rose macaroon had a floral taste to it, the flan was thick and flavorful, and my fav was prob the nutella Napolean.....so rich, perfect for my sweettooth.
4	I love chocolate so it was a must-do on our Vegas list to visit JPP's famous chocolate fountain.  It was incredible to say the least and I was able to buy a "piece" of the fountain to bring back home as souvenirs for my sisters.  I noticed that the chocolate was coming from the ceiling my noted this to my husband who didn't miss a beat and replied that JPP's chocolate must be coming from heaven. :)  Although I'm sure that this isn't the case, JPP's chocolate truffles really were heavenly.  However, the selection at JPP Bellagio is a lot smaller than the JPP Aria so I'll give this one 4 stars :)
4	It's no surprise that I have a sweet tooth, given the crazy amount of pictures I took at Jean Philippe Patisserie.  It's just that everything looked so pretty AND tasty that I had to take document it all!Unfortunately I didn't get to try much.  We ordered a sugar brioche, almond brioche and almond croissant.  Every single thing was very light yet still rich with flavor (and probably butter and sugar).  The almond brioche and croissants were especially pleasing, given the copious quantities of almonds and almond paste/marzipan, which I love.  The croissant was flaky and not rubbery, much better than what you'd get at typical bakeries or grocery store pastry counters.  We took them to go, and they were still delicious after a plane ride home back to San Jose.Kinda pricey but I wasn't shocked.  It is Vegas, and it is fancy-ish.  Would go back again next time to try the crepes and gelato.
5	OMG this place is like heaven! I have had their little carrot cake, their cheese cake and I've had sandwiches from this place as well. This place is a desitnation for me EVERY vegas trip!! I am in the process of ordering a cake form my friend's birthday as I type (on hold). Don't miss this place!!
4	I've been to Jean Philippe for years, so it's about time for a review.   This past weekend I decided to try their gelato.  I had the pistachio and hazelnut gelato, and it was very good!  I enjoyed the pistachio more than the hazelnut, but both were delicious!  And it was under $5 for a cup with two scoops of gelato, definitely a bargain compared to the other gelato shops in Vegas!   The crepes here are also delicious, but they are a tad expensive, about $10 if I remember correctly.   They also have a large selection of pastries, which are excellent.  My favorite is their chocolate croissants, it's loaded with chocolate, but it isn't overly sweet!  The butterfly cookies are also excellent.  I have tried their chocolates, which I cannot complain about.  They recently came out with a fruit jelly chocolate, which comes in a pack of 6.  These are excellent fruit chocolates and I would recommend them as a substitute to the regular chocolate truffles.   The prices for pastries and gelato and very reasonable and they taste great.  The crepes are a tad expensive and so are the chocolate varieties, but they won't disappoint you!
4	Beautiful desserts that taste great. A little bit expensive but it's Vegas
5	If you have an eye for all things cute and a sweet tooth to match..you are going to LOVE this place! I stopped by a couple Jean Philippe locations in Vegas, but this one had a chocolate fountain display that made me feel like I was walking in a Wonka factory. We only got the chocolate filled croissant because we were full from eating prior to visiting the place..but I have to say that the croissant tasted amazingggg. Crispy on the outside and sweet on the inside (but not too sweet). According to my friend, they have yummy paninis and macaroons as well..I'm definitely going to try that when I go back.
5	i love chocolate here sooooooooooooooooo muchalso chocolate crape was awesome.
4	Chocolate Fountain at Jean Philippe Patisserie at Bellagio is a must see when you are in Las Vegas.  It's a modern day Willy Wonka choco wonder.  This incredible chocolate fountain is rumored to be a million dollar worth.  I took a lot of pictures, because the first time I've seen it 5 yrs ago, I never thought  its got a tag of a million dollar, but I am totally awed by this tall, inticate continuous flow of dark and white chocolate, that I'm so tempted to go underneath it, if it is not enclosed in a glass.         Lucky they have crepe in front, fresh to order so I decided to try their "crepe nutella".  I was not disappointed.  It was nicely presented, softly made and with just the perfect amount of that yummy chocolate/hazelnut spread of ferrero's Nutella.  I usually get my crepe at Paris Hotel across the road, but with a show of chocolate fountain while eating your crepe, I would definitely choose Jean Philippe.  I would definitely try their other stuff next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Chocolate streams - dark chocolate, milk chocolate, white chocolate. That's what you'll find here. Right before dinner we were wandering around in Bellagio and came upon this place. It's dessert galore - cookies, cakes, chocolates, crepes, chocolate covered items...I had to restrain myself from buying 1 of each. All I needed was something chocolate-y. I ended up buying the chocolate coconut tuile - thin crispy wafers covered in chocolate. This one will be hard to share and I will savor every cookie. At $16 a container it's an expensive treat but I chose well. If not for dinner - I would have tried a crepe. But there's always next time to walk around and dream of dipping strawberries and rice krispy treats in the chocolate fountain.
5	One stop shop for all your dessert desires.  Chocolate, pastries, gelato, crepe...This place has it all and it's soooo good.Definitely try the crepes and the pecan cinamon roll.I can't wait to go back.
5	Besides getting to take a look at the largest chocolate fountaing in the world you get to have some great tasting dessert crepes.  We make it a point to stop here and have a crepe everytime we come to Las Vegas.
4	I stopped into the Bellagio today to pass some time before going to an appointment.  While there, i stopped at JP Patisserie and had some banana gelato.  They have added tables along the hallway, and I was able to get a seat with a view toward the pool area.  The gelato was great, as always, and I enjoyed it more with a seat good for people watching.Jean Philippe, whether at the Bellagio or Aria, is a great stop to make.
5	This place by far had the most heavenly crepes I have ever eaten and they make it right in front of you! I love the chocolate fountain they displayed and this little gem was by far the best at our stay at the Bellagio. 2nd best is their breakfast buffet lolI also had coconut macaroons and madelines as gifts and the receivers said they were great as well!
3	Love the shop!  Lots of goodies to drool over and the humongous chocolate fountain is a great photo op..especially for chocolate lovers.Jean Phillippe was one of my stops when a friend and I did our "macaron challenge" during our last trip to Vegas.  So, my review is really only for the rose macaron, which is the only thing that we ordered.  There were other pre-packaged macarons there, but we wanted the pretty one behind the window.  The only one they had was a rose macaron.  It was huge and was really pretty..almost too pretty to eat.  Unfortunately, Jean Philippe's rose macaron did not fare too well against the macarons we had from other patisseries along the strip.  It's probably not a good comparison though because it's ROSE flavored.  Duh...it tasted like rose.  I know some people love it, but I don't really like my pastries tasting like lotion, which is exactly what it tasted like.Lesson learned...so much for being a lil adventurous.  Next time I visit Jean Philippe, I'll stick to flavors a little more traditional.
3	Delicious chocolate crepe and lots of tempting eye-candy.
4	The sites and smells of chocolate and pastries weaken me! I had to get a quick bite before I got my gamble on. And why oh why did we come to Jean Philippe's?? I could hardly contain my self around the sweetness. I did good grass hopper. I was able to limit myself to the turkey crepe. It was yummy and curbed me from the decadent creations. I had to walk away quickly afterwards. I didn't even have a sweet crepe - what gives with me and this self control? Not even a to go bag for later (major pat on the back). I may break when I return. This might not be pretty. Stay tuned.
4	Jean Philippe is a great place to grab a quick pastry, coffee, or have a casual breakfast.  While the Bellagio location isn't as welcoming or beautiful as the Aria location, the food is just as good and the service is great!  The pastries are great, the crepes are fantastic (both sweet and savory) and the selection of dry goods has something for everyone!  I don't get the infatuation folks have with the chocolate fountain---its just a bunch of dripping chocolate.  Much more impressive are the wedding cakes displayed around the shop.
2	As many others have stated, the layout is absolutely chaotic.  Nothing is labeled well and good luck finding the right cashier for what you want.I bought the house dark chocolate.  $8 for a bar of chocolate.  Not a big bar, just a standard, Hershey's size bar.It was horrible.  I have tried nearly 100 different brands and styles of chocolates that are 72%+ cocoa and this was one of the worst.  You might as well save your money and go to Whole Foods and buy two bars for the same amount of money.
5	Sat on a table with a view of the swimming pool at the Bellagio.  Had a restful time here with a coffee and 2 flavors of the gelatto while waiting for the world famous musical fountain display to begin in the evening.  The chocolate fountain at this patisserie is great fun to look at.
5	I am a cook, and typically cooks do not like sweets or bakery type things. However, I bow down to the simplistic artistry in their chocolatiering. 2 of my favorite casinos is the Aria and the Bellagio, they both have Jean Philippe, I'm in heaven! My first experience was their coffee, amazing drip and amazing mocha's. So I had to try their other items. What got me was their crepes. Simple I know, the best is the Nutella crepe. I have had this many times from many other places. Jean Philippe by far dominates all the chocolatiering newbs! They use the most perfect batter, firm yet chewy, soft and delicate. They top this warm gooeyness with fresh scratch made whip cream! The mixture of the crepe with the warm hazelnut chocolate smothered in cool freshly made cream is to die for! This is food porn at its best. We loved this place so much we bought a box full of Jean Philippe goodies to take home to family and friends. This is now one of my first and last Vegas stops!
4	Since we were staying at the Bellagio, we had the opportunity to try a number of pastries from here (and coffee).  They were all of high quality.  The coffee was excellent.  We tried the almond croissant, the dulce de lece brioche, a cinnamon roll and a cherry tart.  By far the best of these was the brioche.  An amazing combination!  The pastries are very rich and flaky.  In general, an excellent choice for breakfast or dessert.
4	Yay! More sweets!I was looking forward to this place when my parents told me we were going to Vegas.  You have to really look for it if you don't know where it exactly is.Like everyone who reviewed this place, I was AMAZED (to say the least) by the chocolate fountains.  So tempted to break into there.  Store is beautifully decorated.Merchandise: A decent variety.  Their cake displays were breath-taking. Very handy crafts man ships.  Pricey though.Pastries:  loved the nutella cake.  That's the only one that made me lose it.  Apple cinnamon muffin was moist and crunchy just how a perfect muffin should be.  All of them were a piece of edible art.  Nothing looked bland nor does it taste bland.  -1 for the snooty attitude from that girl.  I know you're mad about working on Black Friday but c'mon!  And those lines are so confusing.  I think there was 3 lines: gelato, crepes, and pastries? I'm not sure but I don't care as long as I get my sweets.If it was bigger, nicer staff, more organized with the staff than we'll talk about that 5 stars.
5	At first I had the chocolates and didn't think they were special. They were definitely pricey. However, I loved the pastries and really enjoyed the crepes. Overall I became a fan only with persistent attempts; it looked to good to give up on one attempt.
4	The little "French" in me sparked by this patisserie in Bellagio where the world's largest chocolate fountain can be seen. Watch and drool over chocolate in dark, white and creamy chocolate flowing right before your eyes. Flash photography aside from tourists snapping at the chocolate fountain, crepes indulgence is what I'd rather do. The "Royal Savory Crepe" made with mushrooms, grilled chicken, bacon and cheddar at $10.75 festooned with vegetables was especially yummy. Because I love chocolates, "Chocolate Dessert Crepe" is intense! and it is described as with "intense" chocolate fudge brownie chunks and whipped creme. The "Berry Dessert Crepe" is fruity. Lots of berries but marinated sweet and topped with whipped creme. Some other time, "Vegetarian Crepe" completes my vegetarian conventionality. Variety of hot and cold beverages curb my drink demand. In a contemporary modern stool-like seating area surrounding a circular bar where crepes are freshly made on a hot circular large flat plate surface by an efficient crepe chef lady. Cozy, classy place for breakfast, lunch, snack, or dinner. I just love crepes and it's here I can go for it each time.
4	i love the nutella crepes and their macaroons...the cakes that are on display are so beautiful!the chocolate fountain was really nice.the wait line was so long, we came here on thanksgiving day.i still like max brenner better though...
5	Elegant French pastries and desserts that are a delight to the eye and the taste buds. The triple chocolate mousse combines layers of dark, white and milk chocolate on top of a delicate shortbread cookie and covered with a decadent ganache and topped with a macaron. The description may sound like it's too much, but each component perfectly combines with the others into a symphony of chocolate pleasure!Even the simplest things like brioche or croissant are done extremely well. Break apart the brioche to find a caramel surprise that oozes over the flaky goodness. Live a little and indulge in a little sweetness.
4	Delicious desserts! So many yummy looking cakes, so little money hahahhaI got their Dark Chocolate Mousse with chocolate cream and chocolate glaze. Cost me $7. Not cheap, but hella good and hella worth it! Love the chocolate combination...it was rich and thick just the way I like it! My friend ordered one of the savory crepes. It was OK- I'm more of a sweets person.
4	After Yellowtail, my date and I decided to head to Jean Philippe's to get a couple of pastries.  Drinks and dessert...a way to my heart.  In Bellagio, you can't miss it.  Store front has a fountain fall of chcolate in the front.  The lines are insane in the morning, so don't go then, but when we went, it was perfect.  No lines, but the selection was definitely minimal.  Definitely a great place to grab a dessert or warm drink.  Just expect to pay a little more than your Safeway types of cake.
4	The quality of the chocolate and pastries is amazing but it's expensive. If I wasn't in vacation I wouldn't spend much money here. As for the sandwiches, it's quality but they should give more meat on a sandwich due to the price.I would think this place has more people around it but it's a decent amount for the area. However, this place I always make a stop when I'm in Vegas
5	Willy Wonka left England and moved to Vegas! The triple chocolate fountain miracle extravaganza is every bit as amazing as wherever you heard about it said it was. OMG, I want to go Augustus Gloop on this thing, which will probably result in much shattered glass pieces poking out of my skin as it's not exactly a river. No, scratch that. I want to shower in all that liquid chocolate!So after you're done gawking at the fountains like a hillbilly in front of his first TV, you turn around and confront the United Nations of Pastries. Every color, flavor and texture is represented. Might I suggest the vanilla eclair? I could make a foodgasm joke about how it's long and delicious white cream comes out of it, but that would take time away from you getting to this place and ordering one.
4	Superb pastries and a great stopping spot for a quick treat and coffee while taking in the Bellagio sights. You really can't go wrong with anything here. The food preparation is a spectacle in and of itself! Follow me on twitter! www.twitter.com/edsonhong
5	CREPES!!!  The crepes are amazing, both savory and sweet - I would kill for one right now!!  Fabulous quality chocolates and the deserts are stunning.  I was hoping for a larger selections of French macarons - but they few they had were among the best that I've had!   This place was always a buzz - hardly an empty seat any time of the day.  Go!
3	I ordered 3 things here:- Chocolate mousse **- Cheesecake ***- Triple chocolate ****So average: ***
5	Great pastries and croissants!!!
4	As a passionate pastry chef in the making, I was so stoked at the sight of all these delicious looking confectionery. I was spending a great deal of time analyzing and finalizing my decision on what to get (since I can't have everything I want). I ended up getting a Rose Macaroon (Raspberry Macaroon, rose infused cream, fresh raspberry) and a Grand Marnier truffle. I am pretty satisfied with my purchase. Really wish I got a crepe though. They smelled so good! The Rose Macaroon was good! The slight hint of flower in the cream and the macaroon shell was so attractive. I loved the sugar coated rose on top of the macaroon too! Crunchy. Sugary. Floral-y. The truffle, on the other hand, was alright. It was a pretty small piece (compared with Godiva's truffles). The inside wasn't as creamy as Godiva's either. I will be back!
5	Chocolate Fountain! Chocolate Fountain!  Chocolate Fountain!Ok, although there's more to this place than the Chocolate Fountain, the fountain really is a spectacle to behold.  The fountain is enclosed behind a glass case/barrier that stretches from floor to ceilling....yes you read that right, it's that big.  And so the liquid chocolate free-flowing goes from tray to tray and you can't help but want to just dip your finger and taste all the chocolate goodness....were it not for the glass separating you from the fountain.  And just for the record ladies and gentlemen, there is plaque of authenticity of some sort that informs onlookers that they are indeed in the presence of the world's largest chocolate fountain!Alright enough about the chocolate fountain.  Now let's talk about one of my favorite food groups:  Dessert!My friend and I had just come from a happy hour and were at the Bellagio to view the Conservatory Christmas display and Bellagio Fountain show.   We were craving a sweet treat, so thankfully Jean Philippe was open!Jean Philippe offers a wide array of sweets for those with a sweet tooth:  Crepes, smoothies, gelato, and individual decorative desserts are just some of their offerings.  My friend and I didn't want anything too filling, so we both decided to each order our own individual cheesecake.  Well, for me it was either the carrot cake or cheesecake.  He chose the oreo flavor, while I chose the plain with a raspberry on the top.  I'm a huge fan of cheesecake, and thankfully Jean Philippe knows how to make a GOOD cheesecake!  The cheesecake itself was encased in what seemed like a thin solid layer of white chocolate, that only added more to the anticipation of that first bite.   And it was definitely love at first bite I would say.  Although I was slightly jealous of my friend, since his cheesecake had an oreo crust while mine just had the standard graham cracker, I would say we both enjoyed dessert because it was gone in a flash.  TIPS:1)  There are seating areas within Jean Philippe or in the area adjacent to the Patisserie so you can sit down and enjoy your sweet treat.2)  Make sure you know what you're ordering or at least ask the workers questions BEFORE placing an order.   Example:  These 2 ladies thought they were ordering crepes when they actually ordered smoothies.  3)  The line can get long so just make sure to bring some patience with you.Bottom Line:   Chocolate Fountain!  Wonderful Desserts.  Chocolate Fountain!  Great Selection of sweet treats.  Chocolate Fountain!NEXT VISIT:  I'm going to try their crepes.
5	Whenever my sister or I travel, we always try to bring back something edible for the other. I remember when I first received my small package of peanut brittle from Jean Philippe Patisserie. I looked at the label, saw the price, scoffed and thought to myself, this better be some hella good peanut brittle. Who the heck would pay $15 for peanut brittle?!?!?! Uhhh yeah... apparently I would because I bought two packages of it on my first trip to Vegas. I SPECIFICALLY sought out the place JUST for the brittle... but well, like all good places you end up buying way more than you anticipated. This wonderful patisserie is tucked inside the Bellagio hotel. Although many people rave about the chocolate fountain, I didn't find it THAT spectacular. Honestly, by the way people were describing it, I was expecting to see the type of fountain out of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. But the fountain is a nice addition to the place. They also have crepes, gelato, a beautiful assortment of pastries and desserts, chocolates, and drinks. I left with 2 chocolate brownies, 2 packages of peanut brittle, vanilla sugar, and a fruit tart. I had to stop myself at that, even though I didn't want to! It's like gambling, you have to know when to stop. So if you get a chance, check this place out. I've definitely found one of my favorite sins in Sin City!
5	very impressed! i got the triple chocolate mouse/ cake SOOOOO delicious. defiantly will be back. =)
3	The place was lit up with sweet decorations and fountains of melted choco! I loved the design of the place! The desserts were well made and they had lots of decor which was soo amazing to me. The gelato selection was off. They didnt have that many flavors at all and the price was pretty damn pricy but what can I say? it is gelato at las vegas. The taste of my pistachio gelato was amazing! Like the real thing to be real! The pastries were nice but then again, not worth the price to me. That goes for small inky dinky pastries. I would come back!
4	They had the BEST CROISSANT I tasted in Vegas, hands down.  Super flakey, buttery and soft on the inside, brushed over with a fruit jam that gave it a hint of sweetness.  I could have eaten 10 of these!!!  We also got their Madeleine was pretty dry, their pain de raisins was a bit too dry and not as fresh for my liking, and their macaroons which were pretty good.
3	All the pastries look amazing.  So many different kinds and they're all beautiful.  Cakes, cookies, croissants, crepes, oh my!  The line is kinda long and it's a little bit pricey.  I love the display cakes they always have up.  They're gorgeous.
5	Vanilla cream filling! You'll be glad you did! The crepes look delicious and the taste certainly matches up. Their savory crepe was okay , the tart gelato was good, but the vanilla cream filled crepe with berries on top was one of the best crepes I've ever had!
4	The big chocolate fountain almost reminds me of the chocolate river in Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory. (The Gene Wilder version)But the place is an absolute treat for the eyes as well as for your mouth although most of the desserts there look too pretty to eat. Tall, beautiful, tiered cakes are used for decor and I believe the last time I was here there was a sculpture of a woman made in all chocolate. Yum!
4	I believe this is the most visited eatery in Bellagio!  The store display is so eye catching and everything looks so delicious.The crepe there is awesome! All freshly made and garnish with top quality ingredients.  Pastry is great too, very flakey and butteryStay away from macaroon, total waste of $$, all dried and hard.  What worse is the store sold expired macaroon without knowing it. Well, they did exchange for us but still not a good sign.
4	Super awesome rose flavored French macaroons.
5	I've only had two things from here.  They have an assortment of little desserts you can purchase and I've had the raspberry tart and the chocolate intense.  They were both amazing.  Pricey for their size yes, but I did not mind it once I took a bite of each and accepted that I was indulging on some very good sweets.If you like amazing desserts, splurge a little to go here and try one (or two!) of them!
5	We had just gotten to Vegas and I was somewhat hungry, but not famished.  I went here, because I was too damn lazy to go anywhere to eat, but I knew I HAD to eat...or else blackout Joel was going to happen later. Smoked salmon sandwich.I told all my friends to try it too, in which they all did and all agreed with me that it was awesome.  Now its your turn.I still blacked out.
4	husband had the Hazel nut nuttella truffle pastry (forgot the exact name) which was really good, creamy and just awesome. I had the cookies n cream ice cream and creme brulee which was Delicious. cookies n cream was OK, i actually threw it out so I can enjoy the bottom scoop of Creme brulee. We would come back again to try other deserts. Ofcourse the chocolate fountain was out of this world, and so was the lady of chocolate in the center of the place on top. I didn't give it 5 star because the cookies n cream ice cream being so blaaah.  would love to try the mango ice cream and the rest of the beautiful deserts.
4	I drew the short straw and had to go get coffee/breakfast early one morning for my husband and me while staying at the Bellagio.  It was early and the hotel / casino was still quiet and I scrambled downstairs in sweats and a pony tail, figuring I wouldn't run in to many people.  That was until I got to Jean Philippe Patisserie, where the well-formed line was already the center of activity in the hotel/casino that morning.  :)  I grabbed some coffees (they have soy milk - love that - thanks JP) and some muffins and croissants for my husband and some fresh fruit for me.  The muffins and croissants were way too much food for my husband, but there was no way I could limit the choices down for him -- everything looked amazing.  His favorite was the chocolate croissant.  Even if you don't indulge, go there to check out their chocolate fountain (makes you think of Willy Wonka), cakes or other decorations.  It's a fun place to sit and people watch too.
4	This is a great place to stop off for a quick, light breakfast or an afternoon snack. They have a wide assortment of different pastries and desserts to choose from, and they do an amazing job on their presentation. Since this place seems to be best known for its chocolate (after all, it has the world's largest chocolate fountain), we decided to go for the chocolate crepe which comes with chocolate fudge, brownie bites, and whipped cream. The chocolate was amazing...probably some of the best tasting chocolate I can remember eating. Luckily they give you a generous portion of whipped cream to go along with it, so the richness of the chocolate doesn't overpower the taste of the crepe. The crepes were very light and thin, you can even watch them make them right in front of you too which was nice. Unfortunately the lady making them was a bit rude when we asked of the brownie bites had any nuts in them, but the crepe was good enough to overlook her attitude. Next time I come here i'd like to try the smoked salmon sandwich or one of their creme brulee desserts (there's multiple kinds). Maybe this place is a bit expensive, but it's Vegas.
5	I miss the gelato I ate all summer in Europe.. this gelato hit the spot! Merci Jean Phillippe..I will say that it was incredible busy but definitely worth it! And the decorations were amazing
3	What's Great:Everything looks really pretty here and the gelato was really good.  I tried the mango passion and it was super flavorful.Nothing was bad, but the pastries were just ok, not super impressive.  I had the Royal (creme brulee with chocolate mousse) and it tasted fine.  Same with the nutella and sugar brioche.  I like the brioche at Satura much better.  The crepe was flat, really flat, as if it was ironed down...skip it.Logistics was lacking.  There are really 2 lines, but no signs.  Most people got in one line while the other line was empty...
3	My husband and I had the Berry crepe with the coconut gelato ice cream. Yummy! We also took home some of the desserts on display. Can't remember the names of them but the raspberry macaroon thing was delicious. Very pricey though!
4	Love their plain and Almond croissants.  Triple Chocolate cake was pretty good as well.  Palmier was delicious!   I also had a Nutella brioche.  It was not as good as other pastries that I had tried, so I give them 4 stars.  But over all I love this place :)
5	Vegas is about excess. Since gambling and drinking aren't my thing, I think I've done well for myself with a superior vice. Sometimes this causes concern. Take, for example, the following exchange, which I vaguely recall.him: I think I've just witnessed the peak of your sugar addiction.me: Babe...him: I've never seen someone eat so much sugar at once.me: Well, honey...him: I'm worried you might need an insulin shot after this.And so my concerned trauma-nurse darling began to monitor my health following a take-no-prisoners sugar episode. Hazelnut gelato paired with a chocolate crepe left my hands shaky, sticky and guilty. I quietly whipped out my hand sanitizer following the massacre.him: There's nothing that can wash this off your hands.me:  :(him: Nothing.It was wise for them to have put the chocolate fountain behind glass. I could have easily sat in it facing upwards, thereby pronouncing the chocolate in the fountain inedible by all others. The boy got a cheesecake pastry, which I later lit candles around in worship. Eventually it all became clear.him: I'm dating a junkie.me: Yeah.
2	We decided to stop by for a quick snack after some lounging by the pool. There were 8 of us and I have to say everything we ordered looked much better then it tasted! It wasn't horrible but it wasn't great. I found the food to be mediocore at best.  The place it's self is a treat for the eyes but looks aren't everything and Jean Philippe Patisserie proves it!
4	Ohhhhh chocolate!  Their crepes are DELICIOUS - both the sweet and salty ones.  Highly recommend this place - though it is rather expensive for such small portions.  Their coffee is insanely expensive, and not that good, but everything else is superb!
3	Sometimes it is really hard to get a good cup of coffee in Vegas. This place has good coffee. It opens up right to the casino and is right next to the guest rooms so you can people watch or take it back to your room. I also tried the chocolate croissant (yum) and the breakfast yogurt parfait which was huge and really good.
1	I'm sure the food and desserts are great...but I just needed some water. I was totally dehydrated. I think it's a bit much to charge $5.41 for water.
4	Best proscuitto panini, EVER!
4	Enjoyed our Tart and Cheesecake a lot. The cheesecake was excellent! Presentation was very cool as well. Ill definately be back!
5	Best. Crepes. Ever.That's really all you need to know.
2	Long lines. Such a tourist attraction. Yummy but a lil over rated. I have had the crepes here a few times. They are always delicious and e verything but somehow I am always expecting more. After waiting in what I thought was the line to order, I found it was a line for somethign else. I didn't even listen to this lady. I was so upset that I had been standing there for so long and nobody had come by to tell me or anyone else that had been standing there with the expectation to order. OMG. There were like 10+ people behind me who all thought that they were in line to order too. INstead, we were placed in the correct line but like 20+ people back. OMG. You make me so upset with your lack of attention. Sheesh!! The fountain and all the people around it taking photos is always fun. It is entertaining in itself. But really, this line is not worth it. The only reason that we stayed in line for that long was because my hubby and I wanted to get something sort of special to share with our kiddo. Man oh man. If it weren't for her and her amazment for this fountain, I would have just left.
1	No matter how good the pastries might be, if they are served with a really bad attitude then they might as well be made out of dog chow.  We were in line for 30 minutes, and not because they had tons of people in line, they were literally that slow.  So when you walk by and they seem super busy or packed, just know it's that they are super slow and not that they serve that many people.  Three people around me in line left before reaching the counter because it was that slow.  It could have something to do with the fact that "charles" who claimed to be the manager did nothing but stand around the entire time or it could be that another worker had a wash cloth and wiped the same three feet of counter not less than ten times and did nothing else.  The only person working hard was the poor lady making crepes.  Charles let this happen instead of doing the right thing and offering to help her.  Guess he's too good to do any real work or get his hands dirty.  The people in front of me were planningo on ordering gelato, but the first three flavors they requested were greeted with "we're out of th0at flavor" and then "we are out of anything with nuts".  This was interesting since Charles, you know the manager thad stood around doing nothing, seemed to be responsible for keeping the gelato bar full since he stood over it making a list of what was needed.  In all the time I waited, he never brought any of them out though.Finally, I get to the front of the line and I ask Charles if he is a manager.  He answere "yes" but kept his head down and wouldn't even look at me.  Guess he's too good to interact with customers too.  When I told him I felt the service was really bad and that I didn't appreciate that someone that handled money without washing their hands was now handling the overpriced pasteries I ordered, he didn't even respond.  I kid you not.  He was three feet in front of me and he literally pretended not to hear or see me even though he actually replied to my first question (without looking at me).  He should have just said "f*ck you" to me so at least I didn't hold my breath waiting for a  response.I wish I had an opinion about the food, but the experience was so horrible and dealing with Charles was so insulting that I didn't even eat what I ordered.  I gave it to my kids (of course after I made them give me fresh ones because of the ones they first tried to give me with nasty dirty hands).
5	WOW that is all I can say. hahanot only is this place visually amazing, it makes your mouth happy too :D the chocolate fountain is like straight out of every kids dream. After walking past this always busy cafe, me and my family HAD to stop in and get some food. yes, food, not just desserts! We got a sashimi salad, yes we got a sashimi salad at a pastry cafe and it DID NOT dissappoint. just enough sashimi and it was freshh. I got a portabella panini which was so good .and of course, we got a dessert too. I believe it was a chocolate mouse torte. it was small, but in that small cake, it packed a huge chocolate punch and boy did it hit the spot :D I will definately return here when I go back to Vegas.
5	Great place to pick up breakfast/lunch/snack! Super convenient if you are staying at the Bellagio in the Spa Tower. Ate a delicious ham & cheese panini (the mustard was awesome!) for lunch. Also had half a nutella crepe and a bite of a chocolate strawberry crepe, both were delicious! Throughout our stay I also tried a smattering of pastries for breakfast throughout the week (apple brioche, blueberry brioche, apple muffin, raisin cinnamon roll), all were excellent. I also bought the peanut brittle as a gift and they gave a nice bag to put it in. Avoid going at peak times, as the line can wrap around the counter.
5	I second what Kim B. said.OMG OMG OMG their crepes are TOO BOMB. Definitely worth the $12 you spend on a crepe loaded with fresh strawberries, bananas, nutella, etc.Amazing cakes, chocolates, and pastries.  As an aspiring pastry chef, I would step on my colleagues to work there someday. Hey, the culinary world is cut throat, I'm just trying to stay in the game =]
5	Yet another perfect chocolate croissant. Pastry/chocolate ratio was perfect.  That is all :)
5	Desserts, Chocolate, Pastries, Desserts, Truffles, Tarts, Desserts! OMG This place is my heaven! Definitely not cheap but the things that they are making and selling are out of this world! I tried the chocolate mousse with a dark chocolate ganache and small chocolate crispy balls inside. The mousse was so smooth and the crispy balls gave it a nice crunch. Also tried a dark chocolate raspberry truffle and a tropical jelly chocolate which was pretty much chocolate with a passion fruit jelly inside. Absolutely to die for!
3	I got the caramalized bananas & nutella crepe for a little over $11 & the crepe was really delicious. It was really simple but the texture & taste was amazing. Definately one of the best crepes I've ever had, however, the unhappy & grumpy staff makes the experience Not as pleasant. Seriously, Bethany & the girl making the crepes at the front, WHY choose work that involves serving people all day/night if you are clearly miserable doing it? Honestly, is working there worth your happiness? Well, your words & actions clearly don't show it... The manager will definately be hearing from me.
5	I'm pretty much just rating the crepes here.
5	At 10:30pm i was craving this : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/H8qpFitIesth86zqR4cwYg?select=t-ZAZpB7Uu2tdh_Wl2VRuACreme Brulee Gelato. They close at 11pm, so from Paris hotel, we hauled ass to Bellagio to get my fix. The alluring sight of the chocolate fountain art was still accompanied by a line of people ordering last minute crepes and cakes. Ordered my gelato in a waffle cone, and about 8 bucks later, i was a happy MT.  If i stayed at the Bellagio or Aria, i know i would have a dozen check ins stocking up on breakfast pastries, chocolate snacks and late night desserts! Danger!
5	Discovered this place looking for desert before 'O'. The orange caramel ice cream was just insanely good. Definitely a must try.
4	Amazing pastries, wow. You will not be left disappointed. My favorites are the bear claw and almond croissant. Both are $3.95, which I think are reasonable for how well they taste and how big they are. I really want to try the Nutella brioche, which looked delicious. I went with three other people and our order was large. My boyfriend ordered a panini and it took 10 minutes after everyone else got their food for him to get it. 2 groups behind him got their panini's before him so their system with orders isn't that efficient. My dad also go an extra apple pastry and we got an orange juice that no one ordered. Nothing wrong with free food! The line takes a while but it's worth the wait!
5	I have a love and hate relationship with JPP. They serve the best Gelato I've ever had outside of Europe, but I hate the fact I can't stop myself from making multiple trips (sometimes twice a day!) there whenever I'm in Vegas.  It's a great place to grab a snack whenever. Good variety of pastries, Crepes and of course, Gelato. They also offer a large variety of pre-packaged goods should you choose to take some with you when you leave (the peanut butter chocolate spread is exceptional!). There's always a line but it moves pretty quickly. Pastries are $5-$8, Gelatos are $5 per cup (very generous portion). Favorite flavors are Mango and Pistachio. As expected, I am now craving for their Gelato.
4	Jean Philippe Patisserie is a treat for all the senses. The chocolate fountain is almost as much of a tourist attraction as the Bellagio fountains. It is definitely a great spot to take your friends and family after taking a gander around the conservatory.Their desserts are works of art and would be a shame to eat if they weren't so delectable.  Their gelato is of such high quality that it made me turn my nose away to all other gelato places. My favorite is their Nutella gelato.  I used to think crepes were pretty straight forward and tasted all the same until I tried the ones at Jean Philippe. You can just taste the quality in every ingredient from the chocolate to the whipped cream.The restaurant in Bellagio is quite small compared to the one in Aria. I wish they would expand the place because it can very crowded and there is limited seating. They are known for their desserts so it came as a surprise to me that their food is just as satisfying. I had the best prosciutto sandwich that I have ever had. Every time I think I have tried the best gelato, crepe or sandwich... Jean Philippe manages to raise the bar even higher.
3	3.5 stars for their crepes only. I didn't have the extra calories in me to try any of their wonderful desserts. My sis and I ordered both a savory and sweet crepe. We ordered the Royal crepe (grilled chicken, sauteed mushrooms, bacon and cheddar cheese) and it was just ok to me. The crepe itself was some sort of wheat crepe that we weren't a fan of. We barely got any pieces of mushrooms and it was actually too creamy for me. We were on a time crunch so we ordered the Exotic crepe to go. However they forgot that we ordered it to go but just added a top to cover it for us. We tasted a little bit of it before we headed out. All of the fruit with the sauce was delicious. The coconut sorbet was really good too and had tons of coconut flakes. Unfortunately they didn't pack the sorbet separately so by the time we got to the car it was a melted mess. I also ordered an iced caramel macchiato and that I liked a lot. All three items were a little over $25 before tax and tip. A little pricey for the experience we had but I still would want to come back and try their other lovely desserts! I regret not getting just *some* thing.
4	Got a box of macarons for $16. There were eight pieces so essentially it was $2 per macaron and they were pre-packaged and it looked like they were pre-made too. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/H8qpFitIesth86zqR4cwYg?select=hlElK7wkfQUNZuRO8VkA6QRaspberry - you can feel the pre-madeness, definitely not fresh.Pistachio - the same feeling here, crusty, just off.Chocolate - nope. Same comment as above.Coffee - valiant effort, nice coffee flavor, but again, this just didn't hit the mark.The macarons itself was a 2 star product, but the store overall was a 5 star. Lots of other stuff you can choose besides these old and stale macarons. They have plenty of fresh pastries. They have the world's largest chocolate fountain which was pretty neat. And they have a train locomotive completely made of marshmallows.They also serve croissants and other extravagant stuff here. It's ok to splurge a bit since you'll be walking around anyway. It may be hard to find, but first find the conservatory and it's behind that. It's probably the less frequented areas since it is off the casino floor.But if you do decide to go here, don't get the the macarons. It's pre-made, overpriced, and it's not even made by them. Label says, made at Aria. Stick with the fancy stuff they have out on display. Looks fresh, looks meticulously made, and if you're paying $6-8 per pastry, I'm sure you getting your monies worth.
5	Glass Chocolate fondue fountain and beautiful cakes at the Bellagio!? Can you Say He- to the double Ls ya? So this place is def. a must see and have when you are in Vegas! I have a major sweet tooth and this place satisfied! They have a crepe counter where you can also get gelato and pastries. Then they have another corner for Coffee and stuff. I got the raspberry macaroon and I loved every single bite of it. Not only was it delicious but it had a candied rose petal sitting right on top of it that added to its beauty and taste. I also got the butterfly cookies that they sell packaged on the side- which were also delicious!It may be a bit pricey but its worth every penny!Happy Eatings! =]
3	The place was a lot smaller than I thought it would be, they had some beautiful cakes in display. I went here for lunch im a huge fan of great savory crepes. They didn't have that huge of a selection of savory I chose a turkey, spinach and cheese crepe it came with a small side salad of mixed greens with a few cherry tomatoes and balsamic vinaigrette. The crepe was too thick which made it pancake like. I did get a chocolate cheesecake to go and although by the time I got back to my condo and around to tasting it, it had partially melted I could tell it was really good. I would definitely return here for a decadent desert but not lunch.
4	"Geez. Look at all those people standing in line at that place. Can it possibly be worth it?" The answer to that question is "Yes. Yes it can." We came to that conclusion when we joined the line about 11:00 one weekday morning during our last visit to LV. So, if you're wondering if it's worth it as you walk by, we'd encourage you to get in line too. A line that actually moves pretty quickly as it snakes around the display counters of pastries, all nicely labeled so you know exactly what to order when you get to the order counter. (And here's a tip:  the line seems shortest at this late morning hour.)You know what you've heard about he Almond Brioche at Bouchon? Well, they're good there, for sure. But based on my personal research at both places, I vote that Jean Phillipe makes the best one. Ever. Drawbacks are these:  If you're looking for a nice place to sit and enjoy your pastries, you're out of luck at this location. There are very few seats and you'll likely need to wander about outside and hope to snag one of the few tables that are in the Bellagio "concourse". Hubby and I were lucky to get one and happily offered to share our extra seat with another poor soul who was wondering about, as we had been, looking for a place to land. And if you or someone in your group uses a wheelchair, this is doable but awkward, the line and so on. We're headed back to LV in a week or so and this time we'll check out Jean Philippe at City Center. We hear the options are the same and that seating and accessibility are better. But whichever Jean Phillippe location is best for you, be sure to stop in. It is "worth it".
5	I'm a self-professed chocoholic and a chocolate snob. And I absolutely loved the hot chocolate they serve here. Our group got a few crepes and they were all good. The veggie crepe is a great choice if you don't like to be overwhelmed with cheese. The nutella crepe was delicious. They also have a great pastry bar. The flowing chocolate display is unique. But the hot chocolate takes the cake for transporting me to a different continent. :-)
4	Counter service, then find your own seat somewhere in the area. Little pricey for counter service.
5	The creme brulee italian ice was a 'revelation' even though I feel sort of ridiculous saying that. 2 scoops for $5 is a great value to get a premium culinary experience in the middle of your day on the Vegas strip. The other scoop I had was the Mango Passion Fruit and that was good enough but not so noteworthy. I can't wait to go back and get that creme brulee!
4	I should dock you a star for being on the Bachelorette.I should dock myself a star for watching the Bachlorette.Still, your food's excellent.  Good coffee, flakey croissants, and even your crepe was good.Kind of expensive.  I guess Vegas gets your cash one way or another.
3	Creme Brulee & Chocolate Variety tin.The shop itself is a gorgeous display of their work. LOVED the cakes display. Definitely must stop by to see their chocolate fountain as well.Creme Brulee was not that good. I've had much better in other restaurants. Chocolate Variety.. Dark was of quality, milk was alright, but white was a bit sweet. Ate it with potato chips to tone it down a bit.
5	The GF looked up this place so we stopped by on our first night and swooped some dessert. What a good find in the Bellagio. The reviews/ratings don't disappoint.Brief Summary-- In the very busy Bellagio-- World's largest chocolate fountain (and coolest)-- A lot of different items on their menu-- Snickers Cake = O-M-G Delicious-- Yummy 1/2 chocolate/white chocolate covered strawberriesWhat doesn't this place have?! On one side you have desserts and the other side you have all different types of food, coffee, and beverages. In addition to gelato and crepes, they have a vast selection of pre-packaged items ranging from chocolate to cookies to rock candy.We ended up getting 2 strawberries dipped in 1/2 chocolate/white chocolate, a snickers cake and the napoleon. The chocolate was good and the strawberries were ripe and delicious. The GF liked her Napoleon. She says it was light and not too sweet. It's basically like a vanilla cream wafer type dessert with a cookie on top? I didn't try it myself.The winner for me was my Snickers cake. Caramel chocolate wrapped in a hardened chocolate cylinder. topped with some really tasty, toasted almonds and a weird marshmallow. It was awesome! It tasted similar to a Snickers but more refined and way lighter but so delicious. If you're in the Bellagio, stop by and try something!
5	The Bellagio Hotel and Casino is known world wide for their gigantic, larger than life fountains.  They have the outside fountains with their gigantic geysers of thunderous water rocketing practically into orbit. On the inside they have a giant chocolate fountain next to Jean Philippe Patisserie with tons of chocolate flowing like molten lava from exorbitant heights.  Everything else at the Bellagio is larger than life as well, except for the Patisserie.  I am completely dumbfounded as to why they would stuff Jean Philippe's into a tiny, extremely claustrophobic corner.  Whoever designed this shop, should have been boiled in chocolate and encased in its over tempered remains (maybe rolled in coconut) for eternity.Chocolate and gelato are two renewable resources available all over Las Vegas and an absolute necessity for my times spent on the strip.  Jean Philippe has both of these resources along with buttery croissants, napoleons, crepes, and much more.  Their gelato is very good but I mainly go there for the chocolate.  Their chocolate patties are merely good.  Their truffles, on the other hand, are exquisite.  The exterior chocolate casings just might be the smoothest, creamiest, most delicious chocolate I have ever tasted.  The various concoctions Jean Philippe has contrived to fill these wonderful balls of culinary magic, in my opinion, are the most imaginative, blissfully decadent truffle centers of all time.  I can still see myself closing my eyes and basking in the incredible flavors of each heavenly bite.
3	The desserts here all looked very appetizing but for some reason, I wasn't too impressed by the ones that were recommended to us. I'm more of a dense cake/cup cake person as apposed to a cake that's made entirely of a chocolate/white chocolate shell and filled with creams or mouses. It ends up tasting too sweet and it doesn't seem to satisfy me unless there's actual cake or layers of something I can bite down into.The hubby and I only ended up trying two desserts here, one was a chocolate, hazelnut mouse bomb and the other was a cheesecake, which at first I wasn't aware had not "cheese" filling but rather something airy and covered in white chocolate (which BTW, I don't care for white chocolate at all because it's not really chocolate.)So anyway, the chocolate fountain on the other hand was very cool looking and it was a shame I couldn't try it. The crepe station did look more appetizing so I may try that next time we're in town.Overall, it was too sweet and airy of a dessert for me and a bit too pricey at about $8 bucks a tarte/cake. But do try something here and maybe you might just end up liking it.
5	The chocolates are all wonderful.  The cakes are phenomenal, too.  The carrot cake is popular and sells out quickly.  My favorites were the Key Lime and the cakes made with chocolate mousse.  The Snickers Cake was a bit disappointing and lacked in flavor compared to the others.  The veggie crepe was pretty cool; it was very hearty with robust tomato flavor in the filling and a lovely bunch of greens on the side (like a gourmet pizza crepe of sorts).  Jean Philippe is a nice treat before or after a show.
5	Even though I was super stuffed from dinner, we decided to head to Bellagio to grab some desserts and to see the giant chocolate fountain. It's apparently it's the largest chocolate fountain and is even in the Guiness Book for World Records. It goes from the ceiling to the ground, but it's made up of a bunch of small shelves and the chocolate travels in different paths. There's a dark chocolate path, milk chocolate, and white chocolate, and they intertwine kind of, but they never mix. I thought it was a cool design. It's pretty awesome, and people would just stop walking when they saw it and pulled out their cameras. It was fun people-watching here too. After looking around the shop for a bit, we decided to get a crepe and some cakes. My friend made a good decision and got an "exotic" crepe? or something like that... it was reallllly good. The top was warm mango in a mango syrup, and the ice cream was coconut. It was super super SUPER good. Inside I think she said was some kind of berry jam or something? I'm not really sure, but the crepe was delicious. The coconut ice cream was SUPER coconuty and really really good. Twas my favorite part. We also got two different types of cakes. The first one we got was called Opera and it was like a 12-layer cake with all kinds of chocolate and coffee flavors. Oh man, I cannot describe to you how delicious this cake was. It was SO SO SO SO SO GOOD. I even ate the gold on top. The dark chocolate on top was super rich, but the layers were so moist and flavorful. Each layer was something new, so my mouth never got tired of eating it. The truffle on top was decent too, but the cake was the main attraction. So delicious. When I go back here, I'm going to have a hard time not ordering this again even though I want to try all the different cakes there. The last cake we got there, I can't remember what it was called, but it was chocolate mousse with hazelnut and banana flavors. The bottom actually seemed like it had very small pieces of banana in it. It was really good, a lot more refreshing than the chocolate one, a lot less rich, but still really really good. They used a carmelized banana on the top too. Not sure how they made it red, we think maybe just like a red cocoa powder? All the desserts we got there were really good -- my goal is to come back here each time and try all the different cakes there, because there were just so many I wanted to try. They also have other things like $22 marshmallows and good looking coffees and chocolates. Highly recommend eating dessert here. I can vouch for the crepes and the cakes being one of the best I've had.
5	Insane.Amazing pastries 'nough said.The wife and I had no choice but to stop and taste some items upon walking by this little gem and spotting the visually stunning eye/tummy candy.My wife and I shared a Sugar Crepe with lemon which we got to see prepared in front of us.  The woman who prepared our crepe clearly had been doing this for a while and it was clear that she took great pride in her work with the skill and joy in which she prepared it.  Not over or under cooked, it was perfect.  Fluffy yet tender crisp edges and the fresh lemon along with the powdered sugar was perfect.We also shared a Rose Macaroon and a Key Lime pie.  Both were divine.  The Rose Macaroon was actually a raspberry macaroon with rose infused cream and fresh raspberries topped with a sugar coated rose petal.  The freshness of the raspberries worked wonders with the texture of the macaroons outer layers and the hint of rose flavor added another level.The Key Lime Pie was stunning as well and topped with a lime green streaked candied top over the whipped cream and almond dough.  Again, perfect flavor and textures working together like in the macaroon.We'll definitely be coming back to sample more of what this amazing place has to offer.
5	Talk about being in heaven. Anything you choose here is good..from crepe, gourment sandwiche, pastry, chocolate, and even gelato. I tried the Almond brioche, basil sandwich and prosciutto sandwich..utterly delish. Can't wait to go back and try more items!!
4	Inside Bellagio around the corner from the Conservatory. We tried the Napoleon and the nutella crepe. The nutella crepe was a bit on the sweeter side than I'd liked, but I did love the Napoleon. The chocolate fountain was pretty cool to watch. We went in the afternoon, so there was no line. They have really cute cake displays and the tables and chairs looked very fancy. The service was pretty good, the guy gave me some recommendations when I asked. Definitely worth a try!
5	This is a "must visit" place if you are anywhere near the Bellagio.  It is laid out in a circle, with servers and showcases on the inside, and displays of candies and cookings lining the outside.  A huge chocolate fountain at the entrance beckons you to the gelato and pastries section, or continue around the circle to the baked goods, sandwiches, crepes, and drinks.  There are so many great items, the most useful thing I can do is list some of the best:French Pastries:  virtually everything -- they are just as good as they lookBaked goods:  cheese danish, almond brioche (the muffin like items are somewhat disappointing)Sandwiches:  tuna, chicken pesto, spicy chicken tomato (make sure you tell them to grill the sandwich even though it takes seven minutes)Crepes:  anything will be fine -- watch them make a few to see what they are likeCandies: extremely expensive; good but probably not good enough for the priceGelato: just gelatoGreat for breakfast or lunch or an after meal dessert.
5	smoked. salmon. sandwich.get it.
5	This is such an amazing place.  The Bellagio is a great hotel and casino in Vegas, and having Jean Philippe Patisserie in it makes it even better.  Their nutella brioche is my favorite.  Where else can you see the world's largest chocolate fountain?  All at the Bellagio.  Check out my blog post to see pictures and a short video of the fountain.  http://www.dinedelish.com/2011/07/19/jean-philippe-patisserie/Thank you,Dine Delish
4	I am always a fan of a good patisserie, and this is a good patisserie.  It was a little busy/hectic around 2pm on a weekday, but I grabbed a croissant and eyed the brioche and madeleines and tarts.  Unfortunately, their butter croissant has a sweet glaze to it.  It's not overpowering, but it's definitely not the way I want my butter croissant.  Also, this is not the heavenly croissants one can find in Europe...it has an excellent texture and I'm pretty sure they're all-butter, but the flavor isn't complex/deep at all.
5	If you hate sweets - just go look.  It's eye candy beyond being delicious.  I personally prefer the location at Aria (not Bellagio).  It has gelato, chocolates, pastries, and more.  The selection is incredible.My top 3 picks:1.  The minitature hand decorate cakes - amazing present for someone special2. The pastries - plenty to choose from (all at a great price) 3. The truffles - a beautiful box containing beautifully crafted truffles.I consider this a must visit on a Vegas trip.  Quick visit, great value, declious product.
4	The first day we went they had sold out of their nutella brioche ... They said they wud get more in the next day at 7 am...so w went the next day n finally got it...the brioche was buttery n it was adorned with nutella on top n.plenty of it in the middle...while it was good (cuz everything is better with nutella) it was nothing special...we also tried the chocolate mint gelato which was delicious...very refreshing for a hot day n a sizeable scoopBrioche $4Gelato $5.25Also bring ur camera...there is plenty to see including the worlds largest chocolate fountain & a large marshmallow train :D
4	This place is located in Bellagio. It serves dessert and savory crepes, gelato, and a variety of pastries. I only tried the gelato but it was DAMN good. It was so creamy and smooth. They have a good selection of flavors. I ordered a cup of hazelnut and pistachio. There were fresh hazelnuts and pistachios in the gelato and it was simply DELICIOUUUS. It was also 104 degrees outside so that might've helped too. Next time I will try the crepes and their delicious looking pastries!
4	Largest Chocolate Fountain... IN THE WORLD! This is their claim to fame. It is a pretty cool sight to see! You can't miss it. Right around the corner from the Bellagio Conservatory. Their crepes here are delicious! My bf and I also recently tried their tiramisu gelato which I thought was just okay. Nothing too special about it. They also have lots of different desserts and chocolatey treats and goodies you can take home as souvenirs... they don't last since you'll eat them but I guess you can still call it a souvenir since your taste buds will remember it. :)
3	The pastries were very nice to look at, but that was about it. We had the intense and the napoleon. They were OK. The highlight of the place was the video they played showing the pastry chefs at work. After you see how much effort it takes to make every single pastry look pretty, you almost understand why you just paid $7 for that tiny thing on your plate. The food on its own is maybe worth 4 stars; docking another star for the ridiculous price. I mean, I know we're in the Bellagio and not some dingy corner of the Mission, but still...I wouldn't come here just to pay so much for mediocrity.
2	As you round the corner inside the breath taking Bellagio and you approach Jean Philippe Patisserie you will, for a moment think you are entering Wonka Land. To the right of the main counter you will see a melange of chocolate cascading down into shallow glass ledges allowing the chocolate to pool and then overflow to the ledge below, somewhat like a waterfall. Random fact: this is the largest chocolate fountain in the world, Guinness Book recognized. Above you a train, and all around will be cakes, desserts, bright colors and delicious smells. And right directly in front of you, will be the Mr. Wonka of Crepes. Pouring, flipping and serving them up warm and neatly decorated. This is how it works, go to the register (as the sign instructs) order your crepe of choice or other confection and wait until your name is called. Don't rush the bystanders and start shouting orders to the people actually making the crepes, that's not their job to take your order. They have quite the assortment, we opted for: Bananas Foster, Dulce de Leche and Apple Walnut crepes. As we stood nearby taking in the production I realized that the crepes were not actually being made the way I've seen in so many places (my most favorite crepe place is inside Paris Hotel, Le Creperie I should have went there). My disappointment kicks in. Rather than fill the warm air crepe with the delicious choice I've selected. The crepe is folded and slapped on a plate and then the topping is what you'd anticipate to be your filling. So now I'm eating an open faced crepe. I would have much rather enjoyed my sweets neatly enclosed and dusted with powder sugar and served with a dollop of cream. It still of course have a somewhat pleasant flavor, but my palette did not feel completely satisfied, it was lacking a little pizazz. My bananas foster was a little strong (alcohol flavor) and the the sauce was a little runny for my liking. For the three of us to enjoy these crepes it was almost $35 and it really was not worth it, (sigh).I'd go again, but not my next visit. My next trip will include a stop at Le Creperie!
5	Worlds Largest Chocolate Fountain! Tres impressive. This place is the potential location of a got milk ad!
5	I had the truffle crepe and carrot cake desserts. They were phenomenal!! The store/shop is tiny but a great grab and go treat! A must try!
4	5 star: The bakery and the food selection are all yummy to the eyes, mouth, and nose.  The crepes are all good that it's so hard to have one bite from someone's plate.  It's so irresistible.  I'd recommend trying any crepes with fruits because it's all fresh.3.5 star: The line is so long it'll take you half an hour from the time you step in line until the time you receive your purchase.  If you have patience and have the time, then by all means go here.  If you don't, then skip this place.5 star: The atmosphere is like willy wonky the chocolate factory in reality.  They have this beautiful chocolate fountain that you have to take a picture in front of it.  This design is what attracts a lot of people to this bakery.  Without the chocolate fountain and the other intricate designs, the bakery wouldn't be so lovely THAT much.
5	i always come here once on every vegas trip...it's become a tradition. my favorite has to be the royal crepe (grilled chicken, sauteed mushrooms, bacon and cheddar cheese) it's so creamy and delicious! prices are a bit high, but hey you're in vegas...and you're at the bellagio it's expected. the lines can get a little crazy i was here last weekend and i waited 20 minutes for my crepe -_- i didn't think it was worth it til i had my first bite and remembered why i suffer though this line all the time lol highly recommended if you want a quick bite to eat or craving a luscious dessert. oh yea...they're also known as having the "worlds largest chocolate fountain" lol
5	5 Solid Stars!Jean Philippe is always my first choice for desserts.  Everything looks so pretty absolutely pretty, professional and of course tastes excellent.
4	Their basil panini sandwich was small but good. Ordered it to share with my boyfriend. The following evening he had a creme brulee and i had the chocolate cheesecake. They were too cute to eat and tasted yummy. We plan on coming back to try their crepe and gelato. Check out their chocolate fountain!
5	After having an amazing time at Absinthe, I decided to end the night on a sweet note.  Checked my handy dandy yelp app and all signs pointed here.  I had about thirty minutes before they closed, so I booked it to the Bellagio.  The walk alone was delightful through Bellagio's breathtaking lobby of Dale Chihuly sculpted glass flourishing the ceiling and the patriotic themed flower garden that was just so pristine and impeccable.  I saw Jean Philippe's Patisserie in the distance, well actually, the chocolate fountain.  Whoa!  Yes, a spectacle that requires you to really look up to appreciate the magnitude of this Willy Wonka-like contraption.  I envisioned myself as Wonka character, Agustus Gloop ("Let me in, I'm starving!") and breaking into the fountain after hours and drinking my chocolate heart's content and then getting all sleepy and appearing the next morning inebriated in the window display like "Chocolat" character Comte de Reynaud (played by Alfred Molina).Despite wanting everything, I decided on Dulce de leche gelato.  Just brilliant!  Perfect texture and the flavor was probably one of the best I've tasted outside of Rome.  I savored my treat standing in the rotunda garden, relishing in a flood of sensory delights that are so abundantly Vegas.#Yelp 365:  044/365
5	The Truffle Box. 5, 16, or 36 pieces of chocolate perfection. While there are many good things to experience at Mr. Philippe's phenomenal patisserie, walking out of the Bellagio with that little brown box puts a smile on my face like few things on earth have the power to do. While your experience may vary, if you love truffles BUY THE BOX! You will quickly understand that there are some things so good, the English language doesn't have words to sufficiently describe it.
4	I always try to make sure I stop by JPP at least once every time I visit the Strip.  Most often just to check out what fine looking desserts they come up with.  And as usual, they don't disappoint (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/H8qpFitIesth86zqR4cwYg?select=HiukNcTgt4mKDS-W6l3ypg).  Sure they're pretty pricey at about $6.90 each, but you have to consider that you're basically buying confectionery art.As usual it was very difficult to pick just one, but I settled with the last Lemon Tart that I saw.  It was just eye-catching (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/H8qpFitIesth86zqR4cwYg?select=abOZKFyRig8rrD1B3UYSbw).  And yes, it was goooooood!!  Probably not as good as their Cheesecake from my last review, but still delish nonetheless.  It still bugs me about the lack of seating at the Bellagio location, but there are some tables with a view of the pool just a few feet away.  I still prefer this location over it's bigger sibling at Aria which can get really crowded at times.  I shall be back to try their creme brulee!!
4	Chocolate makes any day 100x better. I was mesmerized by the pastry counter and the flowing chocolate fountain above me. I wanted to try everything but I knew a collection of $6.90/dessert would have made my wallet cry later on. The cashier suggested the Chocolate Cheesecake and Imperial as the most popular dishes sold. Both were beautifully decorated and almost too pretty to eat. There is a limited number of seating inside the patisserie so I proceeded to move to the Bellagio seating area adjacent to JP. I went on a Sunday evening and surprisingly, there weren't too many people lining up or buying but I can imagine the place does loop around. The verdict:Chocolate Cheesecake had a rich, overwhelmingly sweet white chocolate exterior. The mousse-like filling was too rich for me, but I love the Oreo graham cracker! It was a nice complement to the cheesecake. I like the creation just because it is different from most of the standard cheesecakes I have tried and this one tastes more moist, airy, and fresh.The Imperial was my favorite just because I felt it was the perfect combination of chocolate, hazelnut, and crunch. Mmmm. This pastry gets my vote :) Try it.Next time, I have my eye set on the rose macaron and the nutella brioche.
5	Although my boyfriend and I stayed at the Bellagio on our last Vegas trip... we never got to try this place out... even though we walked by it EVERY day during our stay. How LAME are we?! Absolute epic FAIL! I promised myself during my girls trip that I'd come back and give it a try. Brought my girlfriend here while we had a pit stop after shopping and got some gelato... well, I got some gelato AND a chocolate covered strawberry. :) The chocolate covered strawberry is your average strawberry and nothing to rave about... I just LOVE white chocolate and I just LOVE strawberries. Nuff said. I got the vanilla gelato and the espresso gelato. O M G soooooooo delicious!!! Just a perfect balance of flavors and absolutely pleasing! I was so sad that my boyfriend couldn't be there with me lol! It's pricey... but worth it! I wanted to try a crepe but wasn't in the mood at that moment. They also have the chocolate fountain which is beautiful. Wish I could open the glass and just have a cup of white chocolate lol. This place is ALWAYS busy so be patient and take your time looking around because they have awesome gifts to bring back home!
5	OMG... I LOOOOOOOVE this place! It's a delight for the eyes as their pastries and chocolates look more like art than food!!!! But above all everything tastes AMAZIIIIIIIINNNNNG!!!! Anyone with a sweet tooth or a taste with yummy beautiful things should check them out either in this location or at Aria. The chocolate fountain at the Bellagio is also pretty amazing to see!Aside from the pastries, crepes, and ice cream, I love their sandwiches, quiches... especially the chicken aioli sandwich!!!!It is quite expensive but it is Vegas and you don't go there everyday but it is really yummy!!! It is as close you can get in Vegas to feel like you're in a good Parisian "boulangerie - patisserie" :))))
3	I enjoyed the lunch we picked up from here and ate at the tables overlooking the pool area of Bellagio.  I had a vegetarian crepe and a nutella brioche.  Both were good but not something I would go out of my way for again.  I was shocked at how expensive the iced tea was.  My husband is gluten free and he had a southwestern salad.  It was a pre-made, packaged sandwich.  He said it was pretty good.
5	Everything here looks to die for!!  Love the open storefront & LOVE the chocolate fountain!!  They have many display cakes that are humungous, like 7 layer wedding cake size!  Love all the lil cakes and desserts, I want all of them!This place has the Guinness world record for largest chocolate fountain.  White, Dark chocolate and Milk chocolate.   All the chocolate is confectionery grade.  That means we can jump in the chocolate waterfall!!  :)We've been here a few times and have been able to try different desserts.  The crepes are so yummy!!  They make them to order so you get to watch them!  I love nutella!!!!!!!!!!!!  :DThere's always a line, but that means more time to decide what to get.Come, eat, enjoy!
5	I have a sweet tooth and randomly crave little desserts here and there. This place hits the spot.  They have two locations - one in the Bellagio and the other in Aria.  The one in Aria is bigger and more modern, but I've only frequented the Bellagio location. They serve crepes, sandwiches, chocolate, etc..along with desserts like tiramisu, carrot cake, creme brulee, etc.. Even though their desserts sound normal, their ingredients and flavors are unique.  For example, there was caramel in the creme brulee that I ordered. Some of the friends we were with had the sandwiches and liked them. It's a must try if you love desserts!!
4	The have the world's largest chocolate fountain, which is worth a picture but I'm not sure what else you would do with that information. There are some great pastries which seem to be fresh (although I only tried them early in the morning before the place got packed). They also have a variety of cakes and desserts which are fun to look at. Cupcakes at $10, I think I will pass. If you are walking in or around the Bellagio, it is worth a stop in here.
5	This is definitely a place you must see if you come to Vegas.  Find their famous chocolate fountain at the Bellagio.  Who won't be intrigue by this beautiful tri-chocolate delicious dreamy goodness art.  Even the chocolates are good here.  I got a tin set of the white, milk and dark chocolate,  and mocha coffee.  I bought the silver candy almonds and chocolate coconut macaroons, but did not care for it too much.  Everything else is yummy good =D  This place does get busy so expect a line.  They have ice cream and crepes too, but I did not get a chance to try it.  Maybe next time when I am in Vegas.
3	Note - This review is for their crepe.  Not their pastries or deserts.I stumbled across Jean Philippe while searching for breakfast.  I was staying at Vdara, but found that their quick breakfast place had a really long line.  Since I was in a bit of a hurry, I decided to cross the walkway over to the Bellagio and search out some food next door.Jean Philippe was the first place open and the line wasn't too long.  Since it was around 8:30 AM, I didn't get a chance to try any of their deserts.  And since I prefer savory breakfast to sweet breakfast, I went with their turkey and cheese crepe.  As far a crepes go it was good but nothing mind blowing.  In other words, it got the job done but I don't need to go out of my way to come back anytime soon.I actually had a much better crepe back at the Paris Hotel and Casino several years back, who knows if that place is even open anymore.
4	So we got the fountains of bellagio beautifully dancing outside and the chocolate fountain of Jean Philippe inside.  One of the many cool things to see at the Bellagio but let's be real, I didn't venture into the Bellagio to look at the chocolate drip down, I came to eat dessert.My buddy and I decided to split a crepe and were we happy.  We ordered the mixed berry souffle crepe and sure the price is a little expensive, but its the Bellagio and it's Jean Philippe the best french pastry chef.  Well worth the price. The crepe was delicious and the souffle just melted with amazeballsness.Here's the crepe: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/H8qpFitIesth86zqR4cwYg?select=BpNT1nRCmL8xnwcJDebgBADon't worry, if you don't like crepes, there are a ton of other confectionary items and yes... GELATO..If you have a sweet tooth and are on the strip, JP Patisserie is definitely the place to go..** P.s you cannot play in the chocolate fountain, I was deeply saddened.*** P.p.s chocolate dipped strawberries are awesome, but $4 for 1. :)
4	This location has the world famous chocolate fountain. Dark, milk, and white chocolate flows from top to bottom. 2 tons in all. The gelato and crepes were amazing.
4	I read some great reviews and had to definitely make a pit stop for breakfast. It was my gf's birthday so we were quite surprised by the length of the line. They have an awesome chocolate fountain right at the entrance, pretty neat thing to see if you are in Vegas. I got the crepes and she got the chicken spicy panini. Was a little disappointed because I did not get the fruits on my crepes as I ordered the fruity rather than the classic I was told. However, it still tasted good. My gf's chicken panini was really good. Obviously expensive, but would recommend if you get as sweet of a scene when you sit down as we did (overlooked a portion of the fountains and the Bellagio pool).
4	Whimsical chocolate fountains. Tall tiered floating cakes. Fresh crepes made right in front of you. And gelato, gelato, gelato.... heaven? Not quite... but for me, pretty close.I have done the tourist thing and simply walked by to see the magic happening, but I had never had the desire to hop in line and experience the sugar rush. Luckily during my last foray, my boyfriend's little sister really wanted some gelato and we happened to be walking around the Bellagio. Luckily for her and my constant Yelping, I knew where to direct our group.As I was sharing my gelato with the love, I decided to let him have some input. The pistachio was calling my name, but damnit, we just HAD to get the cookies and cream... I admit, I pouted a bit. We both enjoyed it... but yes, I am already planning my next descent into Vegas just so I can get to that pistachio! The dulce de leche sounded good as well. But back to our actual choice, it was thick and creamy and as strange as it sounds... not overly sweet. One scoop was not enough (should have gotten the second scoop!). I will know for next time... definitely a place I shall return.
4	I finally went to the location in Bellagio to see the chocolate fountain.   They say it cost 1 million to build it.  Interesting.   This guy is famous because he's one of the World Pastry Champion.     I tired a bunch of items.   Good but hmm... I've had better at some other places (eg. Chantilly Patisserie In Lomita, CA).   Nevertheless, there aren't that many dessert choices on the strip (Serendipity comes to mind).  If I had to choose, I would choose this place.
4	This is in the Bellagio. Loved the giant 20ft tall chocolate fountain. Wonderful atmosphere. There is seating outside of the little (very little) cafe area. Great stop for dessert before a show or a light lunch or breakfast. Chocolates, cookies, cakes, crepes, salads, sandwiches, coffee, and more.
5	Ahh, the first review!!  Surprisingly, for such a busy little nook inside of the Bellagio hotel!  There is a giant chocolate fountain trickling from ceiling to floor, a beautiful greeting to all guests.  We visited this quaint pastry shop each morning during our Vegas trip for breakfast.  The coffee was delicious and the muffins and pastries were baked fresh each morning; how can you go wrong?!?  Everything looked so good, I wanted to try one of each!  I tasted the plain croissant; flaky, soft and melted in your mouth!  I ate an entire banana nut muffin too; need I say more?!?
5	We stumbled upon this amazing little shop quite by accident as we were exploring the Bellagio. And when we found it...we sure were glad that we had skipped dessert at dinner. Jean Philippe's is a feast for the eyes first. A beautiful glass fountain drizzling white, milk, and dark chocolate cascades stepwise overhead. A mannequin wearing a chocolate dress stands in the center of the patisserie, and breathtaking multi-layered cakes line the walls.The pastry cases hold smaller marvels. We chose a trio with creme brulee, a raspberry macaron, and a cake pop that tasted like a gourmet snickers bar. To top it all off, the plate that the trio was served on was made of chocolate. Absolutely top notch!
4	The mixed berry crepe with whipped cream is absolutely amazing, and worth the wait. However, it was entirely too crowded and there isn't enough seating. The Bellagio needs to add tables to accommodate the amount of people trying to eat here.
5	Everyone that passes by this pastry shop is usually mesmerized by the chocolate fountain behind the glass. I come here for the fresh macarons and the gelato! The lines are long throughout the day. My friend Kim and I came here when they were just about to close. So worth the visit!
5	Had breakfast panini, banana nut muffin and ham & cheese croissant for breakfast. They were all so good. I went back the next day to try nutella crepe. It was DELICIOUS. I left Vegas a week ago and I still couldn't stop thinking about all the pastries, cakes and muffins from here, especially the ham & cheese croissant (think about this one every morning) :p
4	We went for breakfast one morning while in Vegas and my senses were on total overload! There's bound to be a line, but that's ok. It will give you time to check out the amazing cakes on display around the shop. I only wish I could afford a wedding cake like these! Check out the rice krispy treat balls, the truffles and the mini wedding cakes. There's the chocolate fountain that looks like something even Willy Wonka would have been proud of. Four different types of chocolate flow out of pipes in the ceiling, streaming over glass platforms into the floor. You can even buy bottles of chocolate from the fountain. My partner got a basic bagel with cream cheese. I figured I'd try my hand at a plain croissant and a chocolate croissant. The bagel wasn't anything special, I guess, but both of my croissants were just about perfect! Flaky and soft, not dry at all. The next time I go back I'd probably get the same thing, but i'd probably indulge in some of the amazing chocolate and other goodies there too.
4	This review is based on their crepes only.Very flavorful and fresh crepes.  I enjoyed the berry crepe, the exotic one was a bit too sweet for me. Will be back to try out the other pastries and goods!
2	Disappointed. I really wanted to love this place. Maybe I went in expecting too much? Maybe the local shops in San Francisco have spoiled me? Maybe the notoriety of their "amazing" chocolate fountain has become more significant than the actual product?  Regardless, Jean Philippe failed to make a fan out of me and my sweet tooth.Delectables: (1) Blueberry muffin - bland; not moist at all; I've had better ones from Costco and "day-olds" from almost anywhere.  Girl behind the counter recommended this over the blueberry danish (what would that have tasted like? rock?); (2) Triple chocolate cheesecake - sounds delicious; tastes average.  Dark, milk and white chocolate cheesecake with an Oreo cookie crust and topped with a truffle? Sounds too good to be true doesn't it? It was; (3) Veggie crepe - why did this taste like garden vegetable soup smeared in a crepe? I couldn't even tell what veggies were actually in there. I am so confused.  Side salad was A-OK though; (4) I did like the almond croissant. However, the ones at La Boulangerie are better, and half the cost!Coffee: SKIP IT! Paying almost $8 for a double iced latte is an abomination. There is a Starbucks at the Monte Carlo that will make you better (and predictable) coffee for much less.  If you must though, order two shots of espresso over ice (under $5) and add milk yourself.  Whole, skim and half and half are conveniently located just 2 steps to the side of the main pastry counter.  FYI separate (faster) line in the morning for drip coffee only orders. Customer Service: Fast and furious, but generally good. One note though: Kevin, please lighten up. It's not all so bad!  Heavy sighing and eye-rolling when people whip out a credit card - requiring you to do an additional step - is not a great way to earn customer satisfaction points. I witnessed this on two separate days.  You work in a chocolate/dessert shop after all! Try a couple of truffles when the blood sugar gets too low :-)Ambiance: Chaotic (unless you get there at 8 am).
5	This place is dangerous... in a good way lol  Bad for your waistline and wallet, but so so yummy.  I stayed in an Aria suite and stopped at Jean Philippe each night I was there (4) and once in the morning for a chocolate crepe before I left for the airport.  Each dessert is around $6.50, which sounds reasonable except for the fact that you'll want to try all of them!!  My favorite turned out to be the cheesecake with the raspberry on top- It's described as "cream cheese, graham cracker, and raspberry compote."  I just call it nummy goodness.  It's bascially a small moist graham cracker disc topped with a sweet cream cheese which is then topped with this sweet raspberry mixture and encased in what I remember was flexible white chocolate.  I mean, it's so smooth and delicious you're bound to get addicted.  Don't miss it!  Expect to spend at least $40 over the course of your Vegas trips due to repeat visits =)  Also, there's one in Aria and also one in Bellagio.  The one in Bellagio has the cool chocolate fountain.  Aria has the bigger Jean Philippe, yet Bellagio has the chocolate fountain... So, I'd say visit both! lol
5	Cupcakes in Vegas Baby! Everything at Jean-Philippe Patisserie looked wonderfully delicious! There were even little mini wedding cakes just in case you had one of those quickie Vegas weddings for $20 bucks a pop.  We tasted the Triple Chocolate cupcake and the Red Velvet cupcake.The cupcakes were so pretty ya almost didn't want to eat them...almost.  Both cupcakes were super fabulous.  I had never tasted a cupcake quite like it.  The frosting on each cupcake was more like a rich chocolate mousse and the cake was just so incredibly moist. Next time I am in Vegas I am going to try this little set up called a Sweet Trio. It has a rose macaroon, a mini creme brulee, and a peanut cake pop. A bit pricey for a cupcake at $ 5.50 each but definitely worth it.
1	Overpriced French bakery.  I ordered the cinnomon bun which was old and hard.  After being disappointed by the price and the quality of the goods I window shopped at other bakeries on the strip  and i saw the same cinnamon bun at another bakery. I came to the conclusion that Jean Philippe Patisserie bakery does not make their own stuff.   The only thing that they have going for them is the chocolate falls that attract tourist like me to paid for overpriced stuff
5	Every once in a while, you come across a dish that was so good, you almost want to change your dining plans for the rest of the day so that you can go back and eat it again.  I had that moment on a recent trip to Las Vegas.  I had walked through the Aria hotel and casino many times before.  And everytime, I had walked by the Jean Philippe Patisserie and admired its lavish cakes on display.  But I had never eaten there until a couple weekends ago when I went to Vegas for a bachelor party.  On one of the fateful mornings of the trip, we decided to go to the Aria to have breakfast, and at the recommendation of my friends, I ordered the Smoked Salmon Sandwich.  It was hands down, one of the greatest sandwiches I've ever eaten.  The smoked salmon almost melted in my mouth.  The dills and and mayonnaise gave the sandwich an excting and flavorful profile.  The egg on the sandwich added a protein balance to the salmon while making it a delicious brunch entree.  And the sweet bun was one of the greatest breads I've ever tasted.I kid you not, when I say that later that day, I almost wanted to cancel my other dining plans to go back and eat this sandwich again.  I plan to eat this sandwich at least once a day from now on, anytime I'm in sin city.
4	Delicious freakin' crepes.I don't think I need to say anything more but I will because I almost died when I had the crepes and gelato here. Yes, it was pretty damn good.This place is always packed but no kidding right? It's Vegas and this one is located in the Bellagio. Perfect for me since we were staying at Vdara and I literally just walk down a pathway then BAM there it is!Ooh so many creations to choose from. It took me at least 5 minutes to finally decide and even then I was having second thoughts. Everything just looked so tempting. I went with the Exotic combo with mango, pineapple and coconut gelato. The crepe was airy and sweet while the mango and pineapple had a perfect tart taste. And the coconut gelato just brought everything together heavenly. Every single bite was fantastic.I also bought some chocolate coconut macaroons dipped in white chocolate. It was a nice treat to have back at the hotel.My all time fave has always been pistachio gelato but coconut has made it to my top as well. Definitely a must to visit when in Vegas.
3	Pretty disappointed with Jean phillippe, maybe because of such high reviews, my expectation was too high. For the price of top bakery, I've expected more stronger flavors, the presentation was AMAZING, i had opera, that had truffle chocolate on top, and rose macaron. Opera cake was waaaaay too sweet, I normally like lil it of dark chocolate flavor, but it tasted all milk chocolate. Rose macaron's rose flavor was weak, and again way too sweet. It  wasn't bad, but with such a name, i expected something more... extraordinary I guess.
4	Very good smoothies, gelato and crepes. Usually pretty busy and it's a little out of the way to get there.
4	Yummm we saw this place just walking around waiting for O back in Feb 2012 and when we came back Aug 2012 we made it a point to try to find it again and try it.   It was pretty good.  Wish I could've gotten more than just a crepe to share with my bf but next time I will take some lil treats back home for my family.
3	For the amount of time we spent queuing for what I thought would be a party for my tastebuds, I was sadly disappointed by what Jean Philippe had to offer.  The raspberry tart was forgettable, not to mention plain and dry.  The only memorable thing was their chocolate turtles, which I discovered by accident at the register. I thought they were divine! But when I had them again recently I felt they were too sweet. Not to mention, not really worth the exorbitant price for two chocolates.
1	Seriously the worst service ever. My sister in law ordered her wedding cake from here and sitting at the wedding dinner waiting for the cake to come my husband and brother in law had to go in search for the cake. Only to find out that the cake wasnt even made, apparently someone had quit which i realise this can cause problems but no one ever contacted them to say their was a problem. When your paying good money you should get good service. For something coming out of the bellagio you would expect top service but instead my sister in law was devistated, it truely ruined her day!
5	No enough words to described this heavenly dessert place. Their desserts selection is phenomena, which includes crepes, gelato, chocolates & many desserts. Every dessert is made with perfection, the detail of each dessert are hand crafted to bring satisfaction to your eyes. It looks so beautiful that it's hard for you to even want to destroy it & put it into your mouth. Their gelato comes in many flavors and the creation is prefect as well.  The taste of every flavors is exactly what the name of gelato is called. Their sandwiches and pastry is also great, so is their coffee. This place is great for desserts lover & someone who has a sweet tooth.You can also order online at jpchocolates.com :)))
4	One of the few breakfast places in the Aria and there always seemed to be a line in the morning. The food is quite good (and they did a good job on making an americano). Prices are ridiculous ($8 for a yogurt parfait!) but this is the case with vegas now. THe service is not great. THe line is due to the amazing slow pay out process. Not sure why it takes so long. On my first visit, the left an item out of my order and gave me a different thing than i ordered. But, it was a happy surprise as the nutella brioche was SO good! The breakfast panini was also great. Had hard boiled eggs, ham, cheese, and i assume bechamel sauce. Quite rich and decadent. But, a nice treat after late nights.
5	If Las Vegas is about excess, a great way to splurge is at Jean Philippe.  If you're particularly friendly, you can meet some great people while standing in line here. And the day I visited, they were quite busy but it was ok as a nice Texan lady and I oohed and aahed over some of exquisite delicacies in the pastry case. I kick myself now as I should have bought some Macarons and chocolate that were in gift boxes along the walls, because the thought of the decadent treat I enjoyed there puts me back in my cloudy state of desert bliss. There is limited seating inside so I took my treat to a table just outside JP, right by the windows overlooking the pool.The Bellagio was a crazy mess of tourists that day, but each bite of the dessert trio sent me into a state of total relaxation.  The dessert trio comprised of a mini creme brulee (with the cutest little silver plastic spoon), a raspberry French Marcaron, a Chocolate cake pop with a bit of nutella and caramel.  All served on top of thin plank of milk chocolate. This is so rich, but so awfully good, every bite to be savored.  The flavors so delicious and fresh, textures are perfect.  Well-executed in every way.Service is friendly. Take some time to check out the world's largest chocolate fountain in the glass case.
5	I always try and make a trip to Jean Philippe when I'm in Vegas - whether it is the one here or the one at Aria.  You don't even have to go to eat because the decor is so breathtaking.  This one has an amazing chocolate fountain that is the Guinness Record holder for tallest chocolate fountain.  The other other location has beautiful displays made out of deliciousness.  This time around, it was a chocolate dragon - get that? An entire dragon made out of chocolate!!Anyways - their food may not be the cheapest but it is exceptional.  I've had the sandwiches which are great for lunch.  Their gelato is creamy and rich and one scoop for me just hits the spot, and is $3.25.  I can't even remember all of the different desserts I've had that are simply delectable.  Their coffee is also pretty decent.  I have yet to try their cakes though, which is definitely something I'm interested in.  It's also a fun place to get foodie souvenirs, they have delicious macarons and chocolates that you can give to anyone, as long as you don't stay outside in the Vegas heat for too long and they melt away...Really, I have no complaints.  I could sit here and watch that TV all day that teaches me how to make chocolate ganache or fondant roses.Til next time...
3	The sexy Hubby and I stopped by late at night for some sweets, and oh man it was packed, like I couldn't get to where I needed to order or get sugar for my coffee... I really did not like the setup, but it was cool lookin... I liked the chocolate croissant, the cheese danish and nutella brioche a lot, the coffee was ok, the price was steep, but to be expected.  I was not wowwed though, it wasn't something more amazing or wonderful that any other I have had, and the service was nice, but pooly organized, I was ignored for a long time...
4	Huge chocolate sculptures greet and entice you as the voices inside your head say, "go ahead, it's ok.  Diet tomorrow".  The displays are enchanting...attracting tourists (and locals as well) for a photo op.  Once you get past the crowd and actually make it to the counter, you see the many beautiful yummylicious options you have: gelato, pastries, cookies, sandwiches, etc.  You find yourself in a huge dilemma: what should you get?I've been to this place many times but I still go through this process over and over.  So, I always end up getting the same thing: 2 scoops of gelato and a crepe then I get some macarons to go.  I start daydreaming about those beautiful cherry blossom cakes as I'm eating my crepe, "what would be a good occasion for me to have that cake? Hmmmm..."  You know that feeling when there's a really cute person in front of you and all you could say is "hi!" and you're too pre-occupied daydreaming?  Yup, the food here has that effect on me.One of these days, I'll muster up the courage to ask for a Nutella napoleon.  Be bold!
4	The huge chocolate fountain caught my eye. I came here and got banana gelato which was creamy and tasty. I will be back here next time I'm in Vegas.
2	I LOVE ice cream and gelato so I was super disappointed with the gelato. I can't vouch for their other stuff.The best part was sitting at the bakery and doing people watching. I think my boyfriend and I must have checked out dozens of girls together, critiquing their outfits.   Shhhh!
4	I brought some coconut tuilles and chocolate dipped pretzel sticks back as souveniers for co-workers and these were pricey!! BUT the coconut tuilles were ah-mazing. SO good I had to force myself to stop eating them. The pretzels were ok. I would skip on these next time. They were all gone by the end of the day!
4	***Like the Jean Philippe Patisserie in Aria, this high-end patisserie features a wide variety of beautiful pastries and cakes; unfortunately, also like that location in Aria, the service is slow here***I've been to the Jean Philippe Patisserie in Aria a few times and I've definitely had a lot of good things there.  I've had a few average things there too, which feel even worse than they probably are given the high prices.  Service tends to be slow there as well and it stems from a lack of an organized setup and an inefficient use of the staff.This Jean Philippe Patisserie in the Bellagio is the original Vegas location and it feels very similar.  Like the Aria location, they feature a wide variety of beautiful individual cakes and pastries.  There are also lunch options, crepes and many packaged goods for gifts and such.  I like the setup at this bakery more though.  It is located far from the casino while the Aria location is right in the casino.I was only able to try the pain au chocolat, but it was good.  The pastry was flaky, crispy and buttery while the chocolate center was smooth and good.  There were many other nice looking items including a very appetizing looking brioche muffin-type pastry that might just rival the citrus pistachio brioche at Bouchon Bakery in Yountville.Prices were high, but that is to be expected given that this bakery is located in Vegas and that it features very nicely presented pastries and desserts.Like the Aria location, the service is very slow here.  Part of the slow service is caused by the long lines that this popular spot attracts.  Also, there seems to be a lot of indecisive customers, which is understandable given the wide variety of options you have here.  But the service does feel inefficient.  There seems to be a lot of staff, but the ordering and pickup process is not that smooth.  There were not enough registers open so even though they were taking orders quickly, the cashiers could not process the orders quick enough so the line really started to build.Jean Philippe Patisserie is a great spot for breakfast pastries and their individual cakes also look good.  It might be one of the best shops in this part of The Strip for a sweet treat.  Unfortunately, the service (while pleasant) is very slow.  If that does not bother you or if you can come here during non-peak times, this Jean Philippe Patisserie in the Bellagio is worth a visit.Bellagio offers complimentary valet and self parking.
5	Delicious french pastries and sandwiches.  Lots of sweets and treats.  Fun place for the kids to watch the cool chocolate fountain.  A little bit hidden behind the gardens at Bellagio but we always make a stop and get a new treat to try when we are nearby.  The almond croissant is one of the best I have had.
2	So last time, I only had cakes which were not impressive, thought maybe just chose the wrong things.... well this time I tried their crepe people seem to rave about...wow... for the name, for the price.... I was not expecting amazement due to my last visit, but at least decent..This is review  on their Banana Foster Crepe, Banana was soggy, and most of all they use BOTTLED WHIP CREAM! like the kind that gets bubbly and disappear, not rich handmade yummy cream..I was  shocked, even starbucks use real whip cream... I'm so disappointed with this place, won't be wasting my time and money again.I think its the Vegas atmospher, its the tourists, that makes this place so popular...Decor is pretty good, thats about it.
3	Sampled the hazelnut, tiramisu, pistachio gelato and decided NOT to get any. They were creamy buttery lacking flavor. The creme brulee was ok. My friends did like their sorbets. Chocolate fountain was kind of cool. There are better gelato places than this. I liked Sugar and Ice in Wynn Hotel.
4	Ok first off this place is just way too foo foo for me as a guy, but for the women it's bright colorful and cheery, you'll love it.The pastries are simply superb and the cakes are artistic masterpieces, with prices to match, but if that's your thing and price is no object... go for it.Ok so we ordered three croissants, one was original (plain) and the other was an almond covered and finally a chocolate chip filled.The flakiness on all three were excellent and I must say that it lived up to what we were told about them, for me they were the best tasting croissants I have ever tasted.We were told about this place because of the worlds largest chocolate fountain and that in itself was well worth seeing, a very dazzling display.It had glass bowls shaped and made to look like large ice chip shaped bowls. There are three different types of chocolate flowed from three separate chrome rectangular spouts, White, Dark, and Milk Chocolate.Ok, so the croissants were excellent, they had just the right flakiness and they were very fresh tasting, the glaze on them was perfect and not to thick and sticky. The almonds were slivered and not to many, just the right amount to have flavor in every bite. The chocolate chips were also evenly distributed and did not overwhelm the flavor of the croissant  at all.We also ordered the coffee, it was great, smooth and full flavored, seconds were in order for sure.I took back to the hotel (for my after dinner dessert snack) a Chocolate/Coconut Macaroon. It was about the size of a golf ball.I'm glad it wasn't bigger because it would have been a shame to throw it all away, Sorry to say the flavor combo here just didn't work for me. Not that I like it very sweet, but the something was missing, maybe the flavor of the chocolate was too bitter, but I'll have to say personally I would not get this again.When we go back to Vegas we will definitely return here, there are so many more things to try. They also have Gelato, bottled chocolate from the fountain, Macaroons, custom cakes (large and small of all styles and ideas imaginable). It was all decked out in fall decor, the staff was helpful but a bit on the rude side.It's a small shop so it get's really over crowded very fast, not much seating inside but there are small tables outside of it down the hall, but I think they are for the restaurant patrons? So all in all it's a must try.TC
4	While walking through Bellagio to catch the Tram, we noticed this amazing bakery.  The site is beautiful and it was packed with folks trying to get an sweet afternoon treat.  Everything looked amazing and there were so many options to choose from that it was really hard to pick just one dessert.  My friend settled on the creme brule' gelato and I went with the triple chocolate cheesecake.  She enjoyed her gelato.  My cheesecake was so beautiful that I did not want to cut into it.  The cheesecake was covered by a white chocolate shell.  Once you cut into it, the cheesecake was really soft and yummy.  The graham cracker crust was difficult to cut into while walking and eating at the same time, but it was really good.  Once it was done, there was a chocolate ball on top which was the perfect capper.  I wish I could have tried some of the other pastries or chocolates.  I will be back next time I am in Vegas.
4	This place is great with delicious pastries, sweets, gelato and yummy coffee, plus it has the largest chocolate fountain which is a must see. I loved that it was all decked out in Fall/Halloween decor.
3	Used to be worth it, but not sure anymore. yeah, it's famous and next to the Conservatory. It's also crowded, slow, and pricey. However, it's a billion times better than any buffet, so up to you if it's worth it. I might stop in again if the line isn't too long.
5	Totally unadulterated indulgence.Beautiful pastries, chocolates and that world record chocolate fountain! A must visit for any sweet tooth.I had the best Ham and Cheese Croissant here! If you love Nutella, the Nutella Brioche could be your thing, thought it was a bit much for me.Just the smell of the store, butter and chocolate is enough to get you mesmerized.For photos and full reviews please visit my blog.
5	Fantastic spot for a late night treat!
2	2 scoops of gelato in a cup for $5.25.  Pistachio lacked flavor.  Hazelnut was nice.  Creamy texture.  Cool chocolate fountain display.
4	What can I say really? The desserts here are seriously a work of art, and taste like pure ecstasy. I always say I NEED to come here every time I go to Vegas but I always forget!! Ahhhh curse my soul! But FINALLY I made.... But I took them to go and brought them back to California with me... I guess not everything stays in Vegas... I tried the Rose Macaron and The Key lime Tart, both very delicious! Yummy!
3	I had a Raspberry Tart with Pistachio cream and it was simply an amazing treat. The whole place is decorated with all the possible French pastries you'd hope to find in little cafes: from coffee, sandwiches to petite decadent desserts. The little gifts of treats they have for sale are also very nicely packaged.   If you want to indulge, this is the place to visit, especially if you have a sweet tooth.
5	I have a huge sweet tooth! On our vegas trip everywhere we went we got too full for dessert. So I was determined to have a decadent sweet before I went home and started diet number 233. I yelped desserts and Jean Phillippe Patisserie showed high remarks. It took us a minute to find it at Bellagio. I could smell it before I could see it. We opted 3 pastries, 1 each and 1 to share. Here is the tip, these little pastries look small in the case. They are so packed full of flavor with hidden layers and surprises... You only need one. I had the red velvet cake and Fred the intense, and we shared a choc cheesecake (Oreo) The red velvet cake was so moist, the icing was a little to sugary for me, loved the hidden wheel of white chocolate, all in all delicious. I sampled the intense and it is what it claims too rich for me. I loved the white chocolate shell of the cheesecake. The crust was dull the cheesecake flavor was spot on. Thank goodness this place is not in Indy as my diets would not survive all the things i would like to try. The decor boosts the world's largest chocolate fountain in true willy wonka fashion, I envision myself straddling  the chocolate fountain trying my own unique version of a keg stand ending up just as Augustus Gloop, dead by chocolate.
4	This really is top notch, pure quality stuff, but I just can't stand how they have the lines set up around the counters... the place is always packed, but it gets a little hard to make your purchases. Other than the layout, this place has some pretty out of this world chocolates and desserts.
4	I enjoyed the little treat I purchased for myself. I was sad when the fountain wasn't on. It was out of order due to cleaning.The staff seemed a bit frustrated with the lines and there isn't much organization with how you order and which line you stand in. Regardless...The pastry was worth the wait.
4	Rich and appealing desserts! Definitely not your ordinary dessert shop you'll find in your local neighborhood. Each dessert has it's own uniqueness to it! This place is great for those who have a sweet tooth! They have a wide variety of desserts to choose from - cake, gelato, pastries and many more. This is always the go-to spot for a quick dessert every time I come to Vegas!
4	Always fantastic!  Kids loved the details during Halloween.
5	Here's a rare 5-star review from me, but Jean Philippe deserves it.  If you're in town, make sure you go here (or the Aria location), you will NOT be disappointed.  I went nuts ordering 5 pastries to eat all to myself, but I decided to share.Chocolate Croissant - WOW! Flaky, great consistency, just enough chocolate and just freaking awesome.  I easily could eat half a dozen of theseAlmond Croissant - Again, flaky outside, almond filling was just enough and not too sweet which makes it really goodDulce de leche brioche - The brioche is the best I've ever had, ever.  The consistency and texture were perfect to me.  The filling was a tad too much, as far as how much they injected in. It's still good as it's not too sweetSticky bun - I'll repeat myself, delicious!  Not my favorite of the bunch, but still very good.As you get closer to the shop, you smell all kinds of buttered goodness.  The shop was currently setup with a chocolate fountain, tons of other goodies to get from chocolates, macaroons, crepes, and on and on.  Again, make sure you stop here!
3	We'll first off I know this place is known for the desserts, their dessert was A+ but man their savory crepes were horrible. Very dry and not good what so ever. Unfortuanately this was the first place I passed that had food so I thought why not, it has to be good it's in the Bellagio, I wish I would have eaten somewhere else for lunch instead of the first food place I passed by, lol. The desserts are great though, that def. makes up for the food! ;-)
3	I just saw someone's review about the savory crepe with chicken, mushroom, cheese & bacon, lol, which was described as tasting like mushroom soup. I ordered the same thing and I guess it kind of did now that I think about it. I liked it though, tasted pretty good to me and hit the spot for me but I can't understand where that person was coming from. The crepe was about $12 and for that amount, yeah, I want it to be less "soupy" and it would have been nice to see the cook stuff the crepe in front of me instead of crouching down into a "fridge" to wrap it up.Fruit cup was average and the sandwiches were good, just way overpriced for a walk up joint. For the same amount we spent for this place, we could have gone to a French restaurant-but its good if you are just trying to order and go. The line is a bit long but staring and looking at the pastries and chocolate fountain can help distract the time.I personally wouldn't make this a destination but might consider it again if I were in the area.They have a general seating area that is on a first come first serve basis next to the counter.
5	Chocolate crepe and gelato were superb!
4	Great pastries and food! All my friends LOVED what we ordered. I would give 5 stars on the food alone, but I didn't really like their order-taking system. It's a bit confusing and unorganized.First, there are two lines. We figured out that if you want to buy cafe food and drinks, you line up on the left. The line begins around the back and lead you to the register at the front. While you wait in line, you will pass many salads, sandwiches, and pastries. TIP: Take this time to figure out what you want!! You will not be able to see a menu until you reach the register. The drinks menu display is also awkwardly placed, so that you can only see it when you're on the opposite side of the bar. Once your in line, it's darn near impossible to read.I ordered a $9 berry smoothie. Yes, it was NINE dollars. I was very thirsty. It was pretty tasty, but I'm still having a hard time justifying paying $9 for it. I also ordered a $4 Almond Brioche. Oh man! Soooo delish! It tasted like vanilla custard. The bread was soft, but still had great texture. My mouth is watering just thinking about it!!! My friends each got a panini, and they said that they were amazing. Better than Earl's even! ;)I would definitely recommend making a trip here if you're near Bellagio!!
5	Best Chicken Pesto panini everrrrrrr. I've been to both locations at Aria and Bellagio. I always make sure to go here every time I go to Vegas. It's worth the walk from wherever I'm staying at. When I first came, I thought the portions looked small, but man, that thing fills you up!I've never had anything else, but I always am in awe of their chocolate fountain and sculptures. So cool! The one in Bellagio is also near the garden area, so you can try to walk off what you ate there. Nomnomnomzzzz. :)
4	Good stuff but too crowded and not enough seating.
5	If you come here to eat savory food, you're crazy...It's a dessert place...plain and simple.  Coconut gelato: a must-try; the triple chocolate cupcake was tasty as well. Chocolate indulgence or insanity, whatever it was called: was SUPER rich and decadent but very tasty as well.  Key Lime Pie: had the right amount of tartness, though I prefer it to be a touch less sweet (I'm not a big sweets hoarder)Red velvet cupcake:...meh, I've had better.  The cake portion was lacking.Get anything creme brulee that they make...their custards are super silky.  The chocolate croissant was excellent.  Very flaky and delicious.  We actually got it for the next morning and nuked it, and it still came out delicious.  Big thumbs up on that.I've come here twice, and I always end up getting a plethora of desserts to share.  It's really the best way to experience a variety without breaking the bank or feeling like you're a lonely, depressed, geriatric with a sweet tooth.  Solid overall...always a must-go everytime I hit up Vegas.  I especially like the Bellagio location because of the fun decor.The one knock is that the ordering system can get a bit confusing and weird at times because there's 2 lines (sometimes 3), and it's at random and no real direction.  Also, they tend to run out of stuff very quickly, so go early for the best sampling.
5	I love love this place. Too bad they don't have one in my area.  I have been to both locations at Aria and Bellagio and both places offer fresh pastries and coffee drinks. I have to say I like the Bellagio location better simply because they have a seating area facing the Bellagio garden/pool area which feels like you're somewhere in Europe enjoying your breakfast. This time, we tried one of their savory crepes - very tasty and creamy. It reminds me of chicken pot pie wrapped with crepe. We also tried the almond croissant which is so flaky, buttery and yummy.  Prices are pretty reasonable for Vegas. Each almond croissant is $4 each, which is the same price they offer at Starbucks! Now, tell me you want the fresh pastries over the factory made muffins.
4	I did not get to fully indulge and sample everything that I wanted (probably for the best), but the treats I did try were good.I had a napoleon and a key-lime cookie tarte type thing. Both were very flavorful and appear pricey until you try one and find yourself unable to finish it. They are decently sized desserts raging from $5-8 each. My only complaint would be excessive amount of sugar in both of the desserts making them overly rich. The employees were very efficient and kept the long line moving. The chocolate fountain in front makes for a great spot for tourist to stop in the middle and gawk. The walls are filled with many (overpriced) sweet treats to take home as a memento.
5	The best bakery in Las Vegas. We had the most amazing almond croissant here. The nutella brioche was also very good. The cappuccino was wonderful. Cafe au lait was ok and so were the gelato.
2	Over priced, way over priced. Don't know why folks are willing to pay so much for such mediocre food
3	Amazing selection of pastries and other breakfast treats. Pricey but in line with most places in Vegas. The first time I came here two years ago the yogurt parfait was Vanilla bean and in a shallow bowl; the new version does not even compare, it's too bad they changed it.
5	5 stars: Woohoo! As good as it gets!Even though I prefer the Aria location, sometimes I find myself at the Bellagio location of JPP.I dislike how they don't have real seating here, so you need to take your goods to the random seating in the hallway and fight some chinese tourist for a table, then put your food down on it and hope it doesn't get eaten or thrown away by the vigilant maintenance and cleaning crew while you scare up some chairs, which are usually all occupied by other chinese tourists. Last I checked, two large jars of nutella cost $7.39 at your local warehouse store.A nutella brioche at JPP costs $4. I believe that is inclusive of tax, but I'm not certain.You don't really come to JPP for value. You come to eat delicious baked goods. If you are ok spending $4 on a nutella brioche and can eat it without choking on it thinking about the $7.39 it costs for two industrial size tubs of nutella at Costco, then this is the place for you.
3	The Exotic crepe is pretty good - crepe with mango and pineapple compote and a side of coconut ice cream to balance sweet and tart.The berry crepe was less successful since it had more sauce than fruit for our liking.  This made a good crepe into a mediocre crepe that was soggy.The coffee is pretty decent - the perfect roast has a smoky flavor to help balance the dessert.  We made the mistake and also got a caramel twist without the whipped cream - it was bland.Note there can be long wait times for crepes - 30 min after ordering is possible since each is made fresh.  I would give more stars if more fresh fruit was used. You can also get a pretty darn good crepe over at Paris near their buffet restaurant.
5	If i had to choose a place for dessert crepe..i'd choose you jean philippe ! the nutella one is my fav...we also ordered chocolate..which was good but not as amazing as nutella cause you know i loveee nutella!
4	Located inside the Bellagio, this patisserie has really amazing tiramisu! Yes, I came here with one of my colleagues while we were out here for a conference. We wanted to check out the chocolate fountain, but it was temporarily out of order. However, we still got our dessert on. Many thanks to the friendly Bellagio staff who directed us here!
4	We tried this place at about 11PM, and the lines were short. They serve only four types of savory crepes, and since M doesn't eat meat, we tried the one vegetarian crepe. As a savory crepe, it is made authentically with buckwheat flour. The vegetables are in a tomato cheese sauce. The crepe was heavenly, probably the best we've had in our limited experience. And, as a $10 meal inside the Bellagio, this is a steal and therefore the lines are insanely long, so minus one star. The cappuccino is decent also.
4	Overpriced, but good chocolate.  I'm a self-confessed chocolate snob.   and French chocs are my fav.  It costs $2 for a tiny piece of  dk choc pistachio from their case.  It was creamy with a hint of pistachio but I wouldn't go running to the store as a must have.  Hubby had a choc ganache and Jr. Yelper had salted caramel.  After spending $6 for 3 tiny pieces, I felt jipped.  They have gorgeous displays of their chocolate sculptures, museum quality works of art.  The desserts looked great too.
3	i couldnt count on how many times have i passed this bakery but never actually give it a visit.. so i decided that i must try some of their stuffs the next time im in vegas.. and i actually did get their creme brule the last time i was in vegas (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jean-philippe-patisserie-las-vegas-6?select=wvnSdxHYdQxL5zKiInl4Kg#wvnSdxHYdQxL5zKiInl4Kg). i paid about $7.20 including tax for this little dessert.. yes expensive but i wanted to see how good their dessert it.. but to my disappointment, the creme brule taste just average and nothing really special.. i could get the same exact one for half the price and maybe less.. have yet to try their gelato and might get it next time.
4	Cute, delicious desserts as well as salads, paninis, and sandwiches!The desserts look way better than the savory food, but still delicious. The display tempts you to want to order everything!Located in the Aria/Vdara hotel near the casino-- a bit pricey ($12-15 for a salad/panini) but it's vegas, so I won't complainI stayed at Aria for my most recent visit, so I came here for breakfast and lunch every day, haha. I wanted the breakfast panini but they were sold out, so I ordered the ham & cheese croissant-- more like a sandwich, but the croissant was very buttery, flakey, and soft. The cheese was perfectly melted! Asian salad was good, and had a nice serving of shrimp.Prosciutto Panini: fresh ingredients, delicious prosciutto
4	Yum.  This was located in Aria, which was lucky for us since we stayed there and ate here every morning!  It was the perfect way to start our day.  The lines were super long on the weekends, but it was well worth the wait.  We sampled the Nutella Brioche, a few croissants, a scone and some desserts during our frequent visits.  All were absolutely delicious.  Fresh and warm, sweet but not overly sweet for the non-sweet toothers like me.  Yes it is expensive for a croissant, but you're on vacation- who cares!  They also offer chocolates, crepes and gelato which I kept saying I would try, but never got a chance to once we came back to Aria with full bellies.  Next time.
5	Great chocolates and setting! The staff at the Bellagio location was really nice and help me get a box full of pralines!!!
4	On a 4 day visit to Vegas, we stayed at the Bellagio so I managed to have 3 days worth of JP.  This also means that I have 30 days of workouts to even things out but it was definitely worth it!Raspberry Tart - Take a look at the photo I posted....how can you pick just one?! But I closed my eyes and pointed at the Raspberry tart...and boy did that gamble pay off!  I am a raspberry lover and this satisfied every craving I could ever imagine.Crepes - Tried the Forrest (Ham, Egg, Swiss Cheese), and the Apple Sensation (Caramelized Apples, Candied Pecans, and Whip Cream).  The Forrest was just ok, but the Apple Sensation was...well, sensational. :)Nutella Brioche - It's nutella. A lot of it. In a flaky brioche pastry. Tasty - yes. Life changing - not really. Finally...as a nightcap, I tried the JP Road gelato (their take on Rocky Road). Wow. So amazing...I think there are also cookie dough (oreo?) pieces. The chocolate was so smooth and velvety....so worth it.Tip:- Don't be daunted by the long line ups! Not only are they worth the wait, but they do go by pretty fast.
4	I love coming by here! The pastries are so yummy! Its a tad more then local pastry stores, but the price is worth it for the sweet treat you'll get here. The fruit tarts, chocolate cake, orange creme, coffee, crepes, everything...you won't be disappointed.
4	5 stars for being a super star when it comes to pure perfection with every single presentation of various desserts.   It was amazing to see the chocolate fountain flowing with white, milk and dark chocolate at the Bellagio as its display but found the sculpted dragon made out of chocolate molding with pulled sugar even more amazing!  I see why people are attracted to this place.  Talk about great eye candy!  My friend ordered the raspberry tart and the rose tea macaron.  The raspberry tart was basically a crust filled with pastry cream and a tier of raspberries.  That was not something we felt was worth almost $7.  Nothing special.  The rose tea macaron was definitely something out of the ordinary but again didn't retrieve enough of our interest to try it in the near future.  It's basically rose tea infused into cream to give it that distinctive taste.  I went back the next day to the one inside the Aria hotel and got the fruit tart.  Although it was enough to satisfy my sweet tooth, I wasn't feeling much excitement with the pastry cream nor the crust.  For paying so much for a little pastry, I had high expectations that this would be the best tart I've ever tasted.  Sadly, it just "looked" great.  I would probably end up going back to vegas to try their other treats.  Who knows?  I might end up with a favorite!
4	This place is great! Came here twice in my 2 days that I was in Vegas. I had gelato the first day (hazelnut) and it was really good. Not the best, but definitely one of the better ones in the states. 2 days later I came back for brunch and I got the croissant which was amazing, so crisp and fluffy at the same time. I also got a sugar crepe with strawberries, whipped cream, gelato and chocolate sauce. mmmmm sooo good. I walked by the Jean Phillippe at the ARia and I loved the chocolate dragon display. This location wasn't as big or as well decorated but the food was still really good.
4	Crepes...abnormally good.Macaroons..to die for! Let us not forget to mention the gigantic, vegas-typical, over the top chocolate fountain to get you in the mood! Plain and simple this is an incredibly place to satisfy your sweet tooth and indulge!
5	Coffee is very good here
5	Huge chocolate fountain! How do I know?  It has a plaque stating it is the biggest.  Comes from the ceiling and flowing behind glass, a huge stream of chocolate goodness. If that does not inspire you, maybe the carefully crafted cakes in rotating display cases.  The cupcakes and deserts are a huge draw, plenty of tourist gather here to oo and aww over the deserts.  Cameras flashing, the deserts are picture perfect.  I could not find myself to buy one, since they are almost art.I did buy the Gelato however and it was excellent.  Yes I had to have a waffle cone also to truly enjoy the experience.  It was a great ending after some spicy Thai food, really cooled my belly.  If you need some soothing Gelato or just looking for great deserts check this place out.
5	Forget about how much these desserts cost because they taste frickin fabulous! In my opinion under $10 for a piece of heaven is a bargain! We stopped by and picked up a Lemon Tart for Mr. B. and a triple chocolate thingy and a Rose Macaroon.  The mini sized desserts are deceiving. The triple chocolate dessert was so chocolaty rich I could only handle a few nibbles at one time. Same goes for the Rose Macaroon that was definitely different! A rose petal that's edible covered in sugar, macaroon filled with a light raspberry flavored mousse and surrounded by berrylious raspberries. A few little bites in one sitting was just enough. That's going to be an extra 2 hours to work that off in the gym for sure. ..but it's worth it!Am I the only one that finds watching the chocolate waterfall flow from one dish to another while waiting in line therapeutic? Thinking I should install a fountain like that one day in our home. At least watching that is fat free right?Shop was crowded but line was controlled and I eventually figured out where the line to pick/purchase goodies started by the "line starts here" sign. NOTE: There are two different lines, one for the baked good, ie croissants and such..and one for the decadent treats, ie cupcakes, macaroons. Wait time can be short or take awhile depending on how indecisive the person in front of you is. Cashier was nice and pretty patient considering all the inquisitive and indecisive customer after customer(including me) he had.
4	Best coffee I've ever had. Their desserts will hook you as well. The nuttella Brioche is my guilty pleasure, but if you want to be more indulgent, try one of their small artisan cakes. It's like eating art!
5	I am in love with this place. I just wish I had tried it sooner so I could have come back every morning for breakfast.What we ordered:Nutella brioche - Sooooo good. It's a brioche dusted in powdered sugar and filled with nutella. How can you go wrong there??Nutella crepe - Good. I mean, it's a Nutella crepe. It's not as good as the ones I've had in France, but it's the best I've had in the US, so no complaints. I'd order it again since I'm addicted to all things Nutella.Royal crepe - Good if you like creamy savory crepes. I probably wouldn't order it again just so that I could try more sweet crepes, but I recommend it to those who prefer savory.Pain au chocolate - TO DIE FOR. It's everything a pain au chocolate should be. The croissant is flaky, buttery perfection, and there's just the right amount of chocolate in it! Now I'm going to have this hole in my heart where the Jean Philippe pain au chocolate should be since I won't be getting anything of the same quality for a long, long time.Jean Philippe is a must! The wait doesn't seem so long when your eyes are glued to their marvelous candy decorations, and the food is divine. It's like being transported to France.
3	Cafe Au Lait seriously disappointing. Very weak, burnt taste. Chocolate croissant pretty good. Seating area to the side if you get lucky.
4	I ordered an exotic crepe, filled with creme I think, a rose macaroon, and a caramel coffee (I forget what the exact name was). Everything was exceptional! The crepe was full of flavor and the macaroon was delicate and had the perfect amount of sweetness.The presentation is also pretty good. The person who made the crepes made sure she maintained cleanliness and there were  no spills or splatters on the counter top. Good attention to detail!My only issue is how cramped the place was....it was tiny and there were a lot of people trying to order and take pictures of the chocolate fountain. I was almost afraid of turning around and knocking something off the shelves. Despite the crowds...the staff works efficiently and the wait time is minimal. If you want to order and enjoy your food in a calmer environment, visit the Jean Philippe at  Aria.
5	I had the snickers and triple sampler... Amazing!!!
4	Jumped for the Chocolate Crepe last night after the cirque show and it was as solid as usual.  With brownie bites and plenty of chocolate syrup, the real whipped cream put it over the top.  At just under a saw buck, it is so much more satisfying than another pull on the one armed bandit.
5	Maybe only the best shop to buy something here in the Bellagio.The world's tallest chocolate fountain was worth seeing: dark chocolate, milk chocolate and white chocolate circulating tons of chocolat (french)...sheesh how eye candy.We got us a box of macaron's, a box of chocolate dipped biscotti's and an Iced Mocha latte drink. First off, those chocolate biscotti's were awesome! they were still crunchy even pre-packed and there weren't too sweet. Second. the macaron's we got came in 8pcs. two of each of coffee, raspberry, pistachio, and chocolate this were pre-packed as well and were not cheap! they tasted good and we finished them in one sitting. Also to add about those macaron's they even stayed fresh and didn't even melt or crumble while we had it sitting in our trunk, through the hot desert we traveled going home. I can't forget these were soft, chewy and delightful!Third the Iced coffee we ordered wasn't bad at all, it tasted better than what you get at a Cinnabon! We had a disappointing stay at the Bellagio but this place was a golden nugget find!
5	Go here, but not just for the most luscious looking chocolate fountain - that is the least impressive thing at Jeane Philipe.  I can say I am their number one fan and customer.  I go to Vegas about 3-4 times a year, and I never leave without eating their delicious crepes and getting dozens of pastries.  My last splurge was a grand total of $350.  I can honestly say it was worth every penny.  Okay, don't get scared - I bought a lot of pastries, chocolates, gifts, etc. Just to give you an estimate - prices are on average $3.50 for pastries, $10.00 paninis, $12.00 for clear packaged goodies, $30-70 for the very elegant boxed chocolates. My most favorite thing to eat at JP is their chocolate crepe. You can see it in my "profile pic" I hope. I love how delightful it is.  Their whip cream is so light and refreshing.  They have this special chocolate sauce they put on top with pieces of brownie drizzled with some chocolate flakes. Perfectionnn! They make the crepes right in front of you, which is kind of cool. One of my other favorite items is their tuna panini.  I've never had a better sandwich.  Their ciabatta bread is so fluffy inside and a little crispy outside.  Make sure you get them to toast it. My other favorites are their french macaroons, chocolate croissants (to die for), cheese danish and bear claw.  I've also picked up many of their boxed chocolates (truffle box, square box and ballotin box) and different types of candies in clear containers (butterfinger sticks, caramelized peanuts, chocolate covered pretzels, florentins (my father's favorite), peanut brittle, and almond dragees, etc).  I've pretty much tried everything because I can't get enough of JP!The last, but not least is their amazing display of cakes.  I'm posting a couple pictures so look for them! :)
5	I absolutely love this place!! Get the chocolate sampler :)
5	It is not only a tourist attraction with cameras flashing at the worlds largest chocolate fountain, it is home to some AMAZING French macarons. It is worth the trip to Bellagio to pick up some of those macaroons!
4	Oh my chocolate cupcake heaven! Yeah, wowwed this time, but shocked at price for small cupcake, but so joyful thanks to beautiful chocolate...  Still hate the lines and crowded setup...
4	One scoop of gelato is $3.51Happiness.
4	Beautiful desserts.  I wish that I enjoyed sweets.  I actually consider myself lucky that I only like looking at them.  My husband on the other hand, likes sweets.  So we waited in the long line for a scoop of ice cream.  I only had a taste of his ice cream.  I thought it was a bit grainy.  I love the chocolate fountain.
5	Amazing everything!!! But be prepared to be charged $4 for that cup of joe!
4	The line was long in the morning but the food was worth the wait.  We had croissants and crepes here for breakfast.  The prices for these items were reasonable considering the patisserie is housed within the Bellagio.  We had the Exotic Crepe, which came with coconut sorbet and a mango-passion fruit topping.  It was definitely one of the more unique crepes I've seen on a menu within the contiguous U.S.  The warm topping was very sweet but the cooling effect of the sorbet was appreciated.The croissant was brushed with a thin layer of sweet glaze but the glaze didn't overwhelm the light and buttery layers.It's a great place to grab an interesting breakfast within the Bellagio without having to go for a full sit-down experience.  There is an area with tables and chairs right outside the patisserie for customers to eat their purchases.
1	23 dollars for banana crepes and apple fritter.The banana crepe tasted like the bananas had been out for 3 days before putting it on top of a crepe, I got nauseous and wanted to throw up, speaking of throw up, the apple fritter tasted salty and it looked like someone had a big hangover and threw up inside of it. The 1 star goes to the latte I ordered that wasn't that bad, but it's not the best I've had, which you should expect from a 10 dollar small coffee.
4	I love dessert! This shop is so pretty. All the chocolates, pastries, and gelato are on full display. The strawberry gelato is fantastic; creamy, flavorful, and not too sweet. The chocolate covered strawberries are also really good. The fruit is really ripe and delicious, and the quality of chocolate is nice.I would definitely stop by again!
4	I love the chocolate fountain here, and one of these days I am going to splurge and buy a piece of it- I swear! I come here whenever the seasons change and holidays to see what new awesome cakes and chocolate models they have. Prices are high, but the food is great. We just recently came here and got the Nutella Nepolian and almost died of its awesomeness. It was not overly chocolatey,  and surprisingly very light.We came here again and had the Trio Sampler this time- AMAZING! It comes with one bright red macaroon with raspberries (so fresh!) one cup of Creme Brulee (with a mini spoon, and smooth creme!) and the best, for me, a pudding/cake/snickers (according to the cashier) pop covered in chocolate and nuts. All three are on a solid brick of creamy milk chocolate, so for 10$ this is a great dessert!
3	With Sweet treats a-plenty, this is a great place to grab a quick yummy on your way back to your room. I went with the gelato and couldn't have made a better choice. With lots of flavors it hit the spot on pretty much any hot Vegas day.
5	In love with this place!! They have the best Crepes around! I had the Nutella Crepe as well as the Bananas foster Crepe. We ate every bite as it was so fresh and amazing!I also tried their Perfect Red Velvet Cupcake. Beyond good!! Pros: This place is great if you want a quick bite to eat and dont want a long sit down breakfast.This is a must stop for all future Las Vegas trips for me :)
5	Ok, so obviously Jean Philippe has great pastries but I have to tell you about the Vanilla Scone I had on my latest visit.  So... it was about 9:30pm and I was going to head back to my room but I decided to venture over to Jean Philippe for a late dessert.  I hop in-line with no clue what I really want.  Should I get the caramel filled muffin that looks so delicious, the chocolate croissant that I know I love, or should I try something new?  I opt for trying something new and though I don't tend to like scones, I gave the vanilla glazed scone a try... I figured if it was bad then I would save some calories.Upon the first bite of my scone, I knew this is what heaven would take like if it was a food.  The scone was dense but not too dense and it was moist and not dry or crumbly like many of the more commercially purchased scones can get.  The vanilla flavor was powerful but in a very welcome and appreciated way.  I think I could have eaten 5 in one sitting, lucky for my waistline, I didn't have that many. I can't wait to get back to enjoy another one of these delicious treats, it is a MUST try item!
4	U gotta stop here...
4	By the time I stopped at this branch of the Jean Philippe Patisserie, I had already visited the one at the Aria thrice in one trip. ___________________________________DATE/TIME: Saturday, March 30, 2013 // 6:15pmPRICE: +/- $10/crepe, $4/donut.VALUE: A bit pricey, which increases expectations a bit.AMBIANCE: This branch is somewhat smaller than the one at the Aria, and due to it's circular set-up, can be a little confusing. For crepes, you get in the line to the left hand side when facing the store, order your crepes, then wait for your name to be called out. Seating is not directly within the Jean Philippe and looks a bit like somewhat outdated Bellagio-themed random tables and chairs, unlike the modern set-up at the Aria location. There is, in fact, a chocolate fountain.SERVICE: A bit on the slow side.CHANCE OF RETURNING: 40% (I prefer Aria's)___________________________________:::: [ THE FOOD ] ::::* BANANA FOSTER CREPE w/NUTELLA - $8.95 + $2.00 = $10.95             http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=8kefh3QyjOiBgQLiqHuXqA&userid=BwFEjsr9yLqdszAmAxFYQg             - [3.5/5 - After having the crepes at Bacchanal the day before, the hub and I were craving them again. Unfortunately, while this one clearly had more calories and was very tasty, it was just not *as* good, surprisingly. The banana foster itself was so runny that it made the crepes soggy, and had a rather strong flavor.]* VANILLA SOUFFLE CREPE w/NUTELLA - $9.95             http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=JYoxXb6fiFVQRMnmrCt7hg&userid=BwFEjsr9yLqdszAmAxFYQg             - [3.5/5 - Tasty. The vanilla cream was not too sweet. We opted to pair it with Nutella, which we found added a perfect amount of sweetness to the crepe.]* NUTELLA DONUT - $4.00             http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=RXD7V047i0u8PygrLcNZFQ&userid=BwFEjsr9yLqdszAmAxFYQg             - [4/5 - We were looking for the Nutella brioche, but they had sold out by 6pm on a Saturday afternoon. The Nutella donut was really good, with a nice ratio of Nutella to dough.]
4	I had always walked past this place at Bellagio and thought "tourist trap" with the huge chocolate fountain.  It wasn't until one night after a show I came here and had a crepe did I discover it was much more than that!  They have a nice selection of chocolates, crepes (sweet and savory) and gelato in addition to hot drinks.My first visit I got a banana foster-like crepe and it was very good, especially the fresh whipped cream which melted into the crepe!  On my second visit I had gelato which I was shocked was priced at a competitive level to a Baskin Robbins ice cream for much higher quality! I think that if you are at "The B" this is totally a place to satisfy any sweet tooth!
5	Not only is this one of the cutest shops ever, but they make the best desserts ever at a very reasonable price. It was packed when I was there, but the line went really quick even though everyone was really confused where the line was. I will defiantly be visiting here again!
3	Food is fabulous!!! Service levels needs much improvement!
5	For many, many years, I have been in love with the Jean Philippe Patisserie in the Bellagio.  When I lived in Vegas, I visited many times to get crepes or other treats.  I often said that I would order a cake from them when it came time to get married... even if the wedding cake cost thousands of dollars (which they kinda do, btw).Well, in January, my fiance proposed (in Vegas) and though I no longer live there and cannot get my wedding cake from them, we got a mini cake to celebrate with.  It was BEAUTIFUL!  Flawlessly gorgeous.  If you're going to order a custom mini, order a day or 2 in advance.  You'll be picking design, flavor, filling, etc.  It's worth the $90.  Though the icing is a bit thick on the mini, it's still delicious. Long live Jean Philippe!So sad I live in the Bay and cannot get them to ship my wedding cake.  (cry)  The mini  made my engagement weekend even more special though!!!See ya there!
2	I went there while I was in Vegas last week and the atmosphere was great, but the pastries and cakes were very overpriced. I got the "flan" and it didn't even taste like flan. It was very dry and the cream tasted like creme brulee almost. I don't know if the other pastries are good, but from my experience, I do NOT recommend the flan.
5	Pure Heaven on the Las Vegas Strip.... Jean Philippe Patisserie definitely hit my sweet spot Last Friday night. My friend and I hopped in a cab at the Luxor and tried to quickly make it to the Bellagio before this dessert spot closed for the night. Luckily we made it just in time. I got a scoop of the most delicious Pistachio Gelato and a mini white chocolate raspberry cheesecake!! It was heaven in my mouth. I cannot recommend this place enough... I would give 100 stars if I could....
4	The first one we went to was the one in Aria.  We got one white chocolate strawberry and one milk chocolate covered strawberry.  (Both were really good, albeit more on the expensive side) Additionally we go the raspberry cheesecake.  We did let it sit in the fridge overnight (way too full from dinner) but it was still just as good as if we has eaten it the day of.  It tasted like a mousse cheesecake, really light and just the perfect amount of sweetness. The next day we went to the one in the Bellagio and each got two scoops of their gelato.  We got the mango and strawberry and the mango and berry.  Both combinations were really good but by halfway into the cup it was way too much gelato for the both of us.  Overall a really good bakery.
5	Found this little gem several years ago and never make a trip to Las Vegas without stopping here.Even if you are not staying at the Bellagio, you have to stop by anyway to take in the flower garden.  Instead of stuffing yourself with the buffet off to the right of the flowers, make your way around to the left and you'll find this little slice of heaven.Can't say I've tried everything, but everything I have tried have been nothing short of divine!  Savory crepes, dessert crepes, croissants, and sandwiches are all amazing!
5	After reading the raving reviews on Yelp, I decided to walk a mile to Bellagio this morning just to try. Chocolate waterfall is certainly full of wonder. Nutella brioche is outstanding! Huge too! Everything is right about it, so JP - bravo. Ham and cheese croissant is another big hit! I love the hint of nutmeg in the sauce. The croissant itself is really better than some that I had in France. Impressive! Chocolate crepe is thicker & with firmer texture than what you'd get in Paris, which is what I prefer. Chocolate can be more flavorful and whipped cream isn't as rich or delish as European but American dairy contain less milk fat anyway... Solid crepe in conclusion. Fast moving line. Mediocre coffee honestly. If you are close by, go try it out. Otherwise, don't walk a mile, unless you just want to walk :)
5	My gf loves their almond croissants, so flaky! I tried their sticky buns, flaky and light too! Also got her a bar of nougat w/ pistachios, loved it! Grabbed a container of that coconut cracker thing and guess what? She loved it!! Can you see a trend? LOLWe've been here lots of times and just looked and was turned off by the prices, big mistake. This place is worth every dollar! You can taste the difference. On previous trips we did buy the chocolate bars and of course we liked it. Can't come to Vegas without stopping in!
3	This was a very solid place, but didn't blow me away.  It gets a lot of foot traffic, right off the lobby and near the garden area.  So, the line is likely to be long.  But, don't worry, the staff is very good at moving it along.  I started out of the store and it didn't take long at all to get through, maybe 10 minutes or so.I was there around 10 in the morning, so more of a brunch time than breakfast or lunch.  I had a piece of quiche lorraine.  This was a good sized piece for about $8.  And, it arrives to you quickly after ordering.  I'll say, they need to work on the heating method.  The edges were quite hot, but the middle was near cold.  Not all the way, but certainly cool.  The quiche was very good, great flaky crust and good cheese flavor.  The outside had a nice crispness to it.This place, as many note, is filled with sweets.  They looked fantastic.  The prices are decent for the strip, particularly since it's at Bellagio.  Worth stopping if you need a quick sandwich or snack.
4	Long lines always. And your noir card doesnt work here! Breakfast sandwhich for scott. coffee and my favorite here buttery flaky Crossiants! Everything is soooo visually overwhelming!! You want to order all of it!! And everything is delicious!! I love the roast beef sandwhich, the curry chicken sandwhich. The desserts are all very delicious but rich. They have fresh squeezed juice and the coffee is pure heaven.The crepes are also delicious. My boys love the dessert crepes. my mom loves the veggie crepe.My favorite is the flaky crossiant and a cup of coffee. I visit here every time I am in Vegas and I take home 6 bags of whole bean coffee.
4	Yeay for Jean Philippe!  I have had this place bookmarked for ages, and since I was there to check out the Bellagio Art Gallery, I finally had my chance!We went with the Nutella Napoleon.  It was pretty good!  As Nutella lovers though, the essence was a little hidden, but still tasty!  They should really pile it on there lol.Also tried the Hazelnut Gelato :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jean-philippe-patisserie-las-vegas-6?userid=tH0uKD-vNwMoEc3Xk3Cbdg#k5loHzfLd_ccY3_AL0TKtwThis was the winner in my book!  Great flavor and a good way to cool off in the Vegas heat!Probably a good thing that this place is a bit difficult to get to from a local's perspective...I would be eating here all the time lol
4	What caught my eyes first was the amazing chocolate fountain they have on the side of the entrance. It's very very attractive. Walk around and select something to try. It's hard because everything looks delicious! There isn't really a place to sit/eat except in the hallway of Bellagio. Giant raspberry macaroon and tiramisu are a must try!
2	I've expected better.Service:On Saturday morning only one register was open. We stood in line for about 30 minutes to order crepes. After we finally placed an order we waited another 20 minutes to get it done. If you want something quick, just pick from the pastries that are already made, so you don't have to wait.Food:We had savory and sweet crepes. Nothing special. I've had much tastier before.
5	Some of the best gelato I've ever had!This place is jammed packed full of sweets, most of which I've never even heard of.  Which was awesome!  The only thing bad about this place is they close so early.  I can't tell you how much more our group would have spent if they were open until 3AM.  Probably better for our waistlines that they weren't though!We also had a quick dinner here as well one night and the sandwiches were good.  All were about $10 a piece and huge.  We didn't finish our food.  Stuffed!
5	Jean Philippe, oh how I love thee!You'll be blown away with their beautiful display of chocolate flowing through their fountains made out of glass. I mean that alone is a show stopper right there! Once you've tried their gelato and crepe, you'll be an avid fan just like moi! Their crepe is delightful! The batter they use here has just the right concoction. It is perfect in every way. Texture, taste, smell, and appearance! I always get it with bananas, nutella, and a scoop of vanilla bean gelato. HmmHmm..heavenly! I've been here lots of times. Despite the efforts in wanting to try something else, I always get pulled back to getting my favorites, the crepe and gelato! I promise to try something new next time I visit =)
2	I ordered a mixed berry crepe here the other day while I was at the Bellagio. Disappointing, I thought, as it tasted like an ordinary plain crepe with pre-mixed fruit. And I paid ~$10 for this! La Creperie over at Paris is a much better place for crepes.
5	I want to marry the prosciutto sandwich. That is all.
3	Yes, the imperial cake I tried was delicious and the chocolate fountain was cool...but my experience here was marred by the horrible staff members behind the counter.  I had trekked my butt miles across the strip to find this place and the 4-6 people working would stare at me annoyed, and carry on talking amongst themselves.  There was one person who had already ordered ahead of me so I don't know what the hold up was.  I used to be a pastry chef myself so I totally appreciate the beautiful art/desserts, but they need to hire people who actually care about what Jean Phillippe is all about and are excited to share his craft.  I'd love to go back but might be tempted to head towards Max Brenner or another patisserie.
4	Lovely little bakery hidden inside the Bellagio. I love taking my out of town friends to this place while we're on the strip. Glad to see that there is now a second one opened but I still like coming to the one inside Bellagio as that's the one I always go to. I've had their crepes, cakes, breads, and gelato so far. I've been eyeing that pretty macaron during my last few visits. That's next on my to eat list.
2	I stopped by here for breakfast one morning and picked up a Vanilla Napoleon and a Nutella Brioche.The Napoleon had pretty nice puff pastry in it. It was flaky, crispy, and had a pleasant slightly burnt/roasted flavor to it. The custard was pretty bland though. Its texture was creamy and thick, but it could've been sweeter and more eggy. I couldn't taste any vanilla either. The Nutella Brioche also wasn't very impressive. There's tons of Nutella stuffed inside which is never a bad thing, but the brioche was kind of hard and pretty dry. It was also missing that strong buttery flavor which makes a good brioche so enjoyable. Yes, the chocolate fountains are cool, but at the prices they charge for their baked goods, they should taste better.
4	We ordered a chocolate crepe and it was really good. However, it looks like some other good options were available as well. It was pretty cool to watch them make the crepes.Only one complaint: the line was not clearly marked. We ended up standing in a longer line, only to realize there was another one in the back that could also take orders.It is a nice stop in the Bellagio.
5	!!!!!!! No words for how much I love this place!!!!!! Gelato is my favorite dessert and I could eat theirs all day!  The decor in this place is absolutely amazing!! Haven't tried their crepes yet, but judging by the length of the line for them, I'm sure they are to die for as well!
5	Bumping up the rating here! I've finally got around to trying *most* of the pastries here, I haven't started on the gelato or crepes yet! This place is sweet tooth heaven(given, they have items for the not so sweet fanatic)! Everything, and I mean everything is delicious. Most of the pastries are 6.50 and up. But its well worth every penny because its never a miss. No disappointment yet!The fruits they use are always sweet, not too much fruit or too little. Also not too much of the crust or fillings in the selections.They also have a selection of chocolates which I haven't tried ...yet! But if you do decide to get some chocolate, its 2$ a piece.Crepes are made to order, and ranges from 8-11$ with add ons, like gelato/ice cream for 2$ more.Gelato/ice cream has some variety, not exactly baskin robins with 31 flavors, but they have the regular fruity flavors, to pistachio, and popular flavors.One scoop is about a size of those stress balls, which comes in for about 3$ and more scoops for more.They also have boxed treats available for purchase too, like cookies, sugared gummies, chocolate shaped shoes, and dry caramelized popcorn. If you ever have time, make sure to drop by! To go, comes in a nice box to carry your treats, or stay and eat there, they have a comfortable area sit and enjoy!
4	Over the course of my stay at the Bellagio, I came here two times. Each time I got a crepe and a pastry.On the first visit I got a chicken, spinach and parmesan crepe and a chocolate croissant. The croissant was a little too dry and flaky outside, but the gobs of chocolate and soft, chewy interior made up for it. The crepe was a good size with quality ingredients and a nice side salad.On the second visit, I got the ham, mushroom, egg and swiss crepe and almond croissant. The hard exterior of the crepe was made better by the soft, delicious almond paste inside. The crepe was better than the first one and was savory and filling - also came with a side salad.My only recommendation is to change the ordering line up somehow because you order made to order items toward the very end of the line when you pass all the desserts and ready made items on the inside, and chocolates on the outside. This means that lookie-loos are in the way when all you want to do is order and get going. But that's my only criticism.
4	Fact: This is the home of Guinness' largest chocolate fountain! What happened to Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factory?I've had a variation of things here: savory crepes (merrrr), almond croissant (yum), creme brulee (so decadent and creamy), mango gelato (which in my opinion tastes more like passion fruit) and I am quite a fan. I think that Bouchon probably has a larger variation of sweets but Jean Phillippe makes and designs higher quality products. I think the location and set-up of Jean Phillippe just a little bit better.
5	This place is DELICIOUS.  Here are the thing I tried during my stay at the Bellagio...Chai Tea Latte:I came here for a simple chai tea, and ended up becoming a loyal customer here during my stay.  This Chai was DELICIOUS.  Perfectly sweet, and the best Chai Tea I've ever had*!*Disclaimer: I am not an avid Chai Tea Latte drinker.  So take this Chai Tea Latte review with a grain of salt ;) Red Velvet Cupcake:WOW...can you say EPIC?!  This cupcake was perfectly moist, and just plain DELICIOUS.  Just simply PERFECT and it makes my mouth water just thinking about it!!  Okay...I have to talk about something else now because my mouth won't stop salivating!!!!!Smoked Salmon Sandwich:High quality smoked salmon, between two perfectly baked pieces of bread- doesn't get any better than this!  I wasn't expecting much since this place is a bakery, and I ordered fish; however, the sandwich, just like the cupcake, was EPIC.Nutella Crepe:O...M...G....This crepe was SO delicious.  One of the best crepes I've ever had.Overall, this place is just amazing, and I highly suggest anyone staying in the Bellagio to give this place a try.  Even if there is a long line...WHO CARES. It's worth it... trust me ;) Tip:Make sure to look at all of their beautiful cakes! Maybe even snap a few photos :)
4	Had 2 scoops of gelato. One was Pistachio and the other was chocolate. The husband had coconut and mango. Both were delicious. However, they really nailed the fruit essence. The coconut receive the highest approval rating for quality and taste. Why should you care? Because my husband usually says "meh" about everything. You can also try before you buy. We both got 2 scoops in a cup, total: $11.35 ( incl tax). Enjoy!!
4	Almost Croissant - if I have to pick only one item.
4	I love this place! It is beautiful and has delicious food! We stayed at the Bellagio (6 friends and I) on our trip to Vegas and frequented this place for brunch/breakfast almost every day.I tried the vegetable crepe, which I wasn't the biggest fan of, but it wasn't bad either. I'm not sure if I didn't like the buckwheat crepe part of it, or the filling- I still ate it and enjoyed it... just don't think it was the best.Coffee- delicious. I just had regular coffee. A friend had the caramel iced coffee (I can't remember the name, but it's on the menu) and said it was a bit sweet but good.Quiches - delicious! I had the asparagus one and a friend had Lorraine (twice each) - really good and tastes fresh!Sandwiches - I had the caprese once and although the sauce is a bit oily, it was wonderful to have while hungover at the pool. Blueberry muffin - moist and delicious and fresh! Unfortunately I didn't try the most mouthwatering items on display - the DESSERTS!! While I was gambling, two of my friends went to grab food and I asked one of the guys to grab me one of the desserts, but he had no idea what I wanted so didn't :( Oh well, guess I have to go back!
5	Their Creme Brule Gelato is uhhhmazing! every time I go to Aria or the Bellagio I stop here!
3	I give them 3 stars after the 2nd time there because their service is good. The place is always busy and people tend to cut off the line. The crepes were overcooked as opposed to soft. I think I don't need to go back there for snack anymore. The strawberry smoothies were the worst! It's just like strawberries blended with milk. No taste but bland milk! They should have changed the word "smoothies" to something else. Not recommended!!!
4	Yes, yes; crepes, crepes, crepes.  They're as good as the hype.  But try a raspberry jelly donut and it may just change your life ::swoon::
5	Crepes crepes crepes! Souffle crepe: I like this one the most out of all of the dessert crepes because it has a lighter, flufflier custard filling. I had also tried the dulche de leche and nutella ones before, but they were a little too sweet, a little too heavy for me. Savory crepes: I highly recommend the Royal one. It has a nice creamy sauce that reminds me of chicken pot pie, and mushrooms and some kind of poultry (I forget).Each crepe is about $10Each pastry is about $6I like the nutella brioche... but the real winner amongst cakes is the Opera (OMG)!!!There's usually a pretty long line... so be patient. You would love this place if you like to take pictures of food because everything is sooooooo incredibly beautiful!!The location in Bellagio has a chocolate fountain, while the location in Aria does not. Both of them look amazing and serve the same amazing items. I have been to both and I am not partial to one or the other.
4	I had the berry gelato. It was sooooo good!! Very fresh and perfect for a hot day outside! It taste very fresh and i can tell they use quality ingredients. My niece had the mango gelatto and for me not liking mango, hers was also VERY good and tasted surprisingly just like biting into a real mango. would definitely recommend and return!
3	I've been eager to see the infamous chocolate fountain and it was awesome. I want one for my birthday! Since it's a tourist spot, of course it was the line was ridiculous, need I mention the pricing? Overall, the chocolates they produced was just okay. Definitely did not blow me away and definitely HYPED up.Been there. Done that. Onto the next chocolate hype. Worth it or hyped up... we shall see!
3	You guys have to come here to check out the chocolate fountain. Its one of the most amazing thing I've ever seen. Also, I gave this place a four not five because I tried their flan and it was ridiculously gross. But their chocolate opera cake is really good it's Tiramisu cup Was not even close to the tiramisu at ralph's. this place has soo much pastries even though I didn't like the flan. I will come back to try more of its pastries!!!
5	Long lines for being so early in the morning!!!  Worth the wait, the almond croissant was incredibly flaky with buttery goodness and the Nutella brioche was excellent as well.  It was so difficult to not get it all over yourself.  The coffee was good and I typically don't like just black coffee with cream and sugar.   My only gripe about this place is that it's too small, very inefficient flow...if you wanted cream and sugar or napkins, it's on a counter in the reverse direction of the ordering and paying line.  When you are trying to leave, people are trying to get to the counter with minimal space to move.  I must come back next time I make a trip to Vegas and visit Jean Philippe Patisserie to try the other selections.  Hopefully, I don't break the bank...a little spendy for pastries.
5	It's a "Patisserie."So get the pastry.We bought 4 things a chocolate eclair, some sort of chocolate napoleon type thingy, a chocolate croissant and a slice of almond brioche.The first 2 were about $6+.The last 2 were about $4.All the very best pastries we've (sharing is fun) ever tasted!The shop is way too small, and a bit pricey but the quality is the best to be found anywhere in the world.In other words worth the wait (and I Hate Waiting) and the price.Locals, go with 2 in the car drive up to the elevator with the shotgun springing down for the goods and back. Its just a quick sprint past the Conservatory.You'll be on your way Lickity Split leaving those pretentious Bellagio tourists in the dust. It ain't the Starbucks drive-thru but they ain't Jean Philippe either.
4	Oh mylanta. I think I just got dia-beetuz!!! The crepes were delish, just what I needed on a 105 degree day. Well... kind of.
4	This place is WONDERFUL!!!  The gelato is absolutely heavenly.  Their desserts are whimsical and tasty.  I would love to dive into the chocolate fountain.  The only bummer is that the place is too small.  They have a deli on one side and a desserterie on the other side.  They also have a few table that you have to crowd around.  They really need to enlarge the place in order to give the tables and lines the space they need.
5	At Jean Philippe's in the Bellagio, they have 4 different types of extremely huge gourmet ripened strawberries - one covered in hazelnut chunks, one in toffee, one in coconut shavings, and one half of milk and half of white chocolate (the first three are also covered in chocolate).  I've tried the milk chocolate as well as the toffee ones - my absolute favorite were the toffee strawberries.  They're all refrigerated, so it's quite cold, and the berry itself is extremely ripened with a little bit of tang but awesomely sweet.  The toffee covering was absolutely divine. These deliciousness comes in a 'reusable' plastic cup to catch all your droppings so you can eat the crumbs at the end.  YUM!  I even met the big man himself, and he's extremely nice, humble, and quite funny!
5	This traditionally is my last stop in Vegas.  I was so FULL from eating eating eating the entire week... but the Gelato was so refreshingly delicious!  I have never had it before because I have always had a hard time choosing that over the delicious looking pastries.  Best Part.. Jean Phillipe Maury was standing in the hall across from the Chocolate Fountain talking with another chef... no one knew it was him :)
5	This is always a must stop for me on my last day in Vegas before heading home. My parents love their chocolates ($2 each piece) and it is nice how they have pre-packaged boxes and also give you the option to choose the chocolates. I always hand pick since they have a nice selection of flavors.LOVEEE
4	Oh, Jean Phillippe Patisserie! How I love you. I went more than once to this location while I was in Vegas.We had delicious crepes and a coffee for a mid-day pick me up! Each visit we tried a different flavor on our crepes. We ended up splitting so much I can't even remember all the kinds we had. They are presented beautifully, and taste delicious. The gelato is also absolutely delish.Had a good sized line each time we went, but it was okay because there are so many pretty cakes, massive chocolate fountains, and other assorted goodies to look at... you'll be easily distracted while you wait.Can't wait to pop in again next time I am in Vegas!
5	Great for breakfast! The salmon dish, the Lorraine quiche and the croquet Monsieur are the best!!! The cashiers are a tad rude though.
4	DeeEFFinLicious treats, but be prepared to wait in line.  There was a.  15 min wait for crepes (due to popularity) but service flowed because the people behind the counter new how to get things done.  A+    The Giant Macaroons with raspberries were awsome! It was a stacked and stuffed Macaroon that was almost obscene yet beautiful to look at.  LOL...  Their assortment of goodies is well worth a visit !
5	Came by to try the crepes as per another Yelper's recommendation. I was amazed at the chocolate fountain when I arrived.I ordered the Chicken Crepe, but I had the opportunity to try the salmon as well. The chicken was slightly dry, but the salmon was super fresh and on point! I had the opportunity to watch the workers make the crepes in front of me.
4	The crepes and gelato are amazing! A bit pricey, that's for sure, but well worth it. Sometimes a sweet treat is necessary, and this place knows how to satisfy your sweet cravings.
3	Over priced, over crowded, mediocre products. Welcome to the Las Vegas Strip.
4	Love it! but pretty price, what do expect?!?!?! look at where it's located.
4	This is my favorite dessert spot on the strip. A bit over the top for decor and price, but this is Sin City.I don't consider myself to be a big cake fan, but Jean Philippe packs each slice with so much flavor. Crepes, baked goods and gelato are my go-tos.Drop by and be awed by the beautifully-presented treats!
4	Great place for breakfast! Great coffee and breakfast sandwiches and danishes! The pastries are so beautiful you feel bad eating them!
5	Nothing to complain, good menu and great taste... definitely a good choice after a party night.
4	Awesome dessert shop located inside the Bellagio. We usually pass by it every morning because it's on the way to the lobby, and I'm always tempted to get something each time. Their white mocha latte is really good; I just needed to add some sugar because I prefer it sweet. Additionally, their almond croissant is to die for. They also house the world's largest chocolate fountain and they have a statue of a lady made out of pure chocolate! I'd definitely come back some time to try out what else they have.Tip: There is usually a line near the front of the shop, but this isn't the real line. It's mainly the line to take a picture of the chocolate lady. The real line starts in the back, so go here and save a lot of time!
3	I'm pretty sure I stared at the chocolate fountain for days before Boyfriend had to drag me away and remind me of my purpose for even being there.I wanted to buy some macarons for a friend as an early birthday gift because she'd never had the macarons from this bakery before. And, knowing her to be a macaron connoisseur, I had to oblige and buy her a box. Because that's just not right to not have sampled all that is available to be had. I bought a box of 8 macarons and delivered them to the birthday girl.We didn't actually eat them for a couple of days. They were surprisingly still fresh -- flaky cookie and soft insides. We tried the pistachio flavor. I wouldn't say that it was bad, but it also wasn't mind-blowing either. It was a solidly average macaron. I didn't get to try the other flavors, but I can only assume that they're probably about the same. A little sad, but I guess not every macaron can live up to be absolutely amazing.Boyfriend and I also bought a Nutella Brioche to share. The brioche was very light and very yummy, but it was the Nutella innards that made this treat. There's seriously just a pretty good sized glob of Nutella in the middle. Mix that with the soft brioche bread and the dusting of powdered sugar on top of it all, and you've got a delicious confection!
3	So who wouldn't love to see the biggest chocolate fountain in the world? It's Vegas so it is only appropriate for everything to be gaudy and that is exactly what Jean Philippe did. Everything tasted just wonderful and all the desserts are made with great care and attention to detail. My only problem was that there is not seating and the wait staff move at an extreme glacial pace. There is one side for coffee and crepes and there is another side just for desserts. It's never marked which side is which so I had no idea where to go. The worst part is I wanted both a dessert and a crepe and both the lines were long and slow! What on earth was I supposed to do? When I finally got to the front of the line I asked the man if there was any way that I could put in an order for a crepe even though I was on the dessert side and instead of saying "let me see what I can do" he huffed and puffed and told me what a trouble it was going to be for him and I should just wait in both lines next time. HOW RUDE! That single moment pretty much ruined my entire experience. Then 20 min later I finally get my food and I have to find a bench somewhere just to eat my now soggy crepe.
5	I had a class in the Bellagio conference center but they served a continental breakfast with no protein. I like to have some meat in the morning so I found myself waiting in line at JPP for some breakfast. I didn't know what I wanted but the young lady behind the counter recommended the ham and cheese croissant sandwich.In the case, it didn't look appetizing but after they warmed it up.... It was serious. The croissant was crispy and flaky, the ham was good, oh but the cheese was a bechamel sauce so it was a cheesy white sauce. This sauce really made this breakfast sandwich.I think I need to come back soon to have another one or try to replicate at home!
4	Jean Philippe Patisserie is located inside of the Bellagio Hotel. Home to the largest chocolate fountain in the world, Jean Philippe has something to satisfy every sweet tooth. The chocolate fountain is absolutely beautiful and will have you staring at it for a good few minutes. All of the pastries here are beautifully displayed and all of them look delectable. They create amazing cakes and chocolate sculptures here too. They look so fake, but are definitely real. If you really want to appreciate how beautiful it is, just look at it, but don't look at the price... Everything here is a little pricey, but you are in Vegas, right? Just live a little and enjoy!I decided to go with the Rose Macaron. I think I chose the most delicious dessert possible! It was a raspberry macaron filled with rose water cream and fresh raspberries. It was beautifully topped off with a sugar coated rose petal. It was almost too beautiful to eat...I said ALMOST. The raspberries were fresh, the rose water cream was rich and silky smooth and the raspberry macaron itself had a perfect texture. I can honestly say that it was one of the best macarons that I've had! Absolutely delicious!I would highly recommend checking this place out if you are craving something sweet. They have plenty of different pastries, gelato, chocolate, and crepes (savory & sweet).
5	The Creme Brule gelato and key lime pie is awesome! Also love the chocolate fountain.
4	The display of everything was soo amazing. The chocolate fountain i posted on instagram got lots of likes :) hahaThe gelato was what i was able to taste and it was delicious. They also had cute little pastries and desserts that were presented beautifully. Definitely would come back next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Why 5 stars?Because you have to pick which things you want to see in Vegas and if you're in the area, this is worth it.You will(A) See the world's largest chocolate fountain(B) See a huge selection of beautiful hand crafted desserts that are actually reasonably priced for the Bellagio (many around $7)(C) Grab a bite if you're looking for ice cream, coffee, or a variety of crepes that looked unique and deliciousWalk through the Bellagio on the left side to find it...just pass the big art garden thing.
5	I always stop by Jean Philippe Patisserie inside the Bellagio hotel every time I am in Las Vegas. I don't mind the line up as it gives me a chance to look at all the intricate desserts and savoury offerings. This is like my version of the Oxygen Bar. The sight and senses refreshes me after a long day of walking and shopping. My favourite items are the chocolate croissants, ham and cheese croissants, fresh fruit crepes,  mille feuille and tiny mousse cakes. They also serve coffee, salads and sandwiches. The prices are reasonable for Las Vegas. This place makes me smile like a cat every time I am there!  Don't forget to ohh and ahh over the large chocolate fountain :)
5	The Brioche Nutella and the Chocolate Croissant was the best pastries I ever had. It was buttery, flaky and when you bite into both, you get ooey gooey Nutella goodness and bits of dark chocolate in the Croissant. I am so going back the next time I'm back in Vegas.
4	I really love this place! Its beautiful decor and the largest chocolate fountain that makes you fantasize about jumping in and swimming in it adds to the beauty of this place. I love the tiramisu cake and their gelatos. The prices are a bit steep for the dessert, but what can you say?? Its Bellagio and you are paying for high end dessert and the ambiance. (which is why I took 1 star away)The tiramisu has little crunch balls in them which make it very delicious and the smooth and fluffy texture just melts in yo mouth like butta! haha. The gelato is full of flavor and it is usually hard to just choose one flavor. I love the garden next to it as i walk around eating my goodies. The garden is usually updated every season and I am always anticipating to go there whenever they change it. If you prefer not to walk around while eating your dessert, you can sit on the other side and watch the fountain show as well. Everything about this place really shows elegance and romance.
5	The chocolate fountain is amazing.  All the various pastries and desserts I tried were all excellent.  Besides being amazing to look at, they were all amazing to eat as well.  The croissant's were super flaky and crispy.  My mocha was fabulous too.  Yes, it gets busy at breakfast time, but the quality of the food is worth it.
5	The pastries the decorations this service is always outstanding and delicious I always like to pop in here and see what pretty chocolate molds that are new to all Christmas now but cautious it taste good and smelling didn't hear if he ever get a chance pop inherence Apple some of the chocolates and all new handmade ice cream delicious delicious stuff.
5	If you are a sweets lover, you must stop by this place while in Vegas. They have the best pastries, crepes, chocolates you will ever eat. The gelato they have is also terrific especially on a hot summer day. The chocolate fountain they have is amazing and you won't believe how much chocolate is flowing through it. The store can be crowded at times, but the lines usually move pretty quickly. My wife loves this place and we must go there every time that we visit.
5	The best croissant I have ever had.  They are pricey, but worth it.
5	Wow! Best espresso gelato i have had in my life! Cool chocolate fountain and i would really like to try there crepes! Whenever i come to Bellagio this place is a must!
5	Prior to a very late dinner we stopped here to take some desserts to go so we could enjoy them after dinner! Most people were getting ice cream but we purchased 3 decadent desserts! A dessert called Intense with rich chocolate and a pink French macaron topping it, a white chocolate and raspberry cheesecake, and a double chocolate mousse. After our late dinner at Noodles we headed back to our hotel room and enjoyed these as a happy birthday treat for my boyfriend. They were beyond amazing! All of them were rich and melt in your mouth delicious. We will absolutely make our back here next time we visit Vegas.
5	Omg.....delicious sandwich today.  Chicken tandoori panini and Nutella brioche.  I will be there again tomorrow.  Love the food and atmosphere.
2	Over rated and expensive. I has the tiramisu wasn't very good. I've had much better for less. Seeing the chocolate fountains and beautiful cakes was neat but if you came for a good dessert go somewhere else.   Service was super slow and for the price you should be served not cafeteria style. Very disappointing.
5	I always come here for breakfast. A nice fruit cup or parfait for me, ham and cheese panini for the bf. White choco mocha for him, double espresso shot for me. Then there would be the times when we see pastries we just HAVE to have--their pumpkin cheesecake is good, as is their dessert trio (rose macaron, PB lolli and creme brulee on a milk choco tray YES PLEASE). There hasn't been a dish I haven't liked and it is still my fave breakfast place so far (beats out Payard, which is my second fave breakkie place).Desserts and coffee...COME HERE!!! Note that it CAN get pricey though.
4	One of those places with known for that one must see display of something amazingly cool looking. In this case it's in the form of a chocolate fountain. As you can see from the millions of pictures available. This place is fancy as the disposable utensils rival the real ones in my apartment. If my grandma were with us, she would totally steal them!I took the opportunity to sample the other two crepes in my party:- Salmon crepe. I have to say, I make some amazing decisions when it comes to trying out a new place. There was much more salmon on top than I had imagined. The pesto sauce (or whatever it was) was delicious! Flavorful to the point some may find it too salty. It's salmon and expected to be a little salty, but just an FYI! All in all, it's worth the ap12! I'm stuffed!- Italian crepe. Tempting second choice as it has prosciutto on top, but it was surprisingly low in the flavor department. (Maybe it's cause I ate it after the amazing salmon crepe.) It you want something a little lighter in flavor it's the way to go.- berry crepe. Looks amazing. But in allHonesty, exactly what you would expect. I think you could get something like this at IHOP. If we come back, we suggested my nephew get something a little more unique.Do yourself a favor and order something that's not run of the mill. You won't be disappointed.
3	My mom and I was just checking out the holiday decors at the Bellagio, when we saw a crowd going on in here. It was already about 11pm, but there were long lines for the crepes (average $11.75) and the gelato ($3.75 for single scoop).Curiosity got the best of me and we decided to check out the gelato.  Had the mango, which was good and citrusy. My mom had the strawberry which was a little bland. Personally, it was just okay, not so special. I wish We tried the little pastries and cakes instead (all $7 each). But we were still full from the late lunch we had at The Buffet at Wynn so there's not enough space left in our tummies! Hehe.I think one of their specialties were the french macaroons, but they were expensive so I didn't get it. A box of 10 teeny bite-size macaroons is $18!They also had a display of the "world's tallest chocolate fountain", which was interesting. Do check it out!
3	I came here twice with my family after eating dinner while waiting for our late night show. The lines were really long both times we were here, but my family loves pastries. The gelato did not taste like gelato, I didn't eat more than a few bites of the nougat, but the coffee and chocolate covered strawberries are delicious! My parents got two small pastries that they seemed to enjoy. The best part about the patisserie is looking at all the pretty pastries!
4	Jean Philippe Pastisserie has a HUGE selection of desserts. HUGE I TELL YOU. The presentation is gorgeous as well.Image a semi circle and divide it into three sections: 1) crepes (savory or sweet), 2) cafe food (coffee, sandwiches, etc), and 3) assorted desserts. Thats what the patisserie looks like. There's a large menu on the wall of sandwiches and crepes. I didn't try all of the food, but I make my own crepe, instead of getting a crepe on the menu. Let me tell you...you are DEFINITELY better off getting a crepe off the menu for ~$11. Making your own crepe is $16 and all I got was nutella, strawberry, and walnuts. There are other crepes that have five items in it and it costs ~$11. I don't get it, even for the Bellagio in Vegas, I see no logic.The crepe itself was extremely sweet and huge! I needed some coffee or something afterwards. Inside the crepe was the nutella, outside the crepe was topped with strawberries, walnuts, more nutella, and whipped cream on the side. WHOO. Sweet overload. It was good, but so not worth the $16. I'll still give it four stars for the taste, appearance, and fast/friendly service. The decor was also beautiful; they had chocolate trickling down from the ceiling.
4	The most expensive coffee and patisserie in Vegas! However the coffee is exquisite, the paninis  are tasty  and pastries are very delightful and chocolates Devine!
3	It was okay. I went to this place because their hot chocolate was extremely highly rated as the best hot chocolate ever.  As a chocoholic, I was extremely disappointed when I tried it.  Starbucks hot chocolate is better, which is saying a lot because generally that isn't very good.The only reason I'm giving it 3 stars is because their services was good.  They ran out of large cups so gave us small cups and free pastries.The pastries were actually really good!
3	This place is worth stopping at if you're into just checking out things that might be a little different from what you typically see, but I didn't feel that anything about this place was really more special than just the fact that it has the largest chocolate fountain I have ever seen.  bonus points for a seriously intense selection of different ice creams, pastries, crepes and more though - for such a small space they pack in a lot of different options.  There is very limited seating so unless you luck out you're likely taking it to go.  I would echo what some other reviewers stated about the organization of the shop - you really don't know where to get in line unless you've been here before.  It's not like you can't figure it out but when there are long lines the last thing  you really want to do is waste more time figuring out if you're in the right line while other people hop in front of you.
4	What a busy cafe/bakery!!LOVE the World's Largest Chocolate Fountain~ What a beautiful design!! Always crowded but it is fun to wain in line and check out the merchandise or pastries. A little bit pricey... but it is in a such a beautiful hotel, definitely worth it!
4	In addition to the renowned chocolate fountains, the Jean Philippe Patisserie in The Bellagio has an assortment of sweets, ranging from gelatos to pastries to packaged gifts. They also have some savory items, including sandwiches.You're literally a kid in a candy store.I stopped by to get a sticky bun, but couldn't turn down the almond croissant, which is the size of a Nerf football.The helpful server also recommended the Nutella donut and Nutella brioche, but I had to go with my instincts.At $4+ a piece, they're certainly not cheap, but the quality can't be beat.The croissant, in particular, is delicious. It's crispy, flaky, buttery, and full of sweet almond paste. I spent about an hour working out the hotel gym just trying to burn it off.But hell, it's Vegas. It's good to indulge once in awhile. Or, in my case, twice in one day.
5	Sensory overload. But in a good way. One word to describe it, spectacular. Breakfast pastries were incredibly good. I can't say for the beautiful mini cakes because I didn't try them. But the chocolates (only at jp shop in aria) were also very good. It's nice to see a hotel investing in a good quality pastry shop that reflects their quality and standards. Unforgettable experience.
5	I swear, walking into Jean Philippe's bakery is like walking straight into french bakery heaven! Every little detail on his cakes, cup cakes, french macaroons is perfect! My first bite was like I was in heaven because it was that good!!
4	Finally decided to eat here after walking by the chocolate fountain for the bajillionth time everytime im in vegas. Now I can finally check this off my bookmarks. Decided to play it safe and get a classic: nutella and banana crepe. A bit pricey at around $13 but it was delicious. Not sure you can really go wrong with it though. Presentation was very nice though and of course they have some drinks that looked pretty good. Maybe next time if I win any extra money from the casinos.
3	2014 YELP 100 CHALLENGE - 45/100I had read some amazing reviews about Jean Philippe Patisserie, so I HAD to come here on my recent visit to Vegas this past weekend.It is located in the Bellagio hotel, just a little bit past the Conservatory & Botanical Gardens. There are signs pointing towards which direction it is located in!I was actually pretty surprised at how small this place was. I had envisioned to be a full bakery/patisserie with tons of cute little cafe tables/chairs and whatnot, but that wasn't the case. It's like a circular area with the employees/staff all in the middle, and you kinda just walk around the counter to look at all of the pastries, gelato, sandwiches, etc.One wall has the famous chocolate fountain, which honestly...was not as big as I had pictured. When people said it's the "biggest chocolate fountain in the world" I was thinking like straight up Willy Wonka status. This was totally not the case! Granted, it was a really nice glass display and I really liked that they had dark, milk, and white chocolate pouring in it, but I didn't think it was as mindblowing as I had expected it to be.Along the circular walls they have a bunch of packaged goodies like chocolates, candies, hot chocolate mix, etc. They also have some fake cakes on display. I'm not sure if they actually bake fancy cakes here, but the displays were nice!Unfortunately I had just eaten lunch and wasn't hungry at all, so I didn't any of the pastries although I had REALLY wanted to try some of them out! They didn't have a HUGE selection but some of them looked very tasty! I ended up getting a scoop of the dulce de leche gelato ($3+), and the Jean Philippe vanilla hot chocolate mix ($18).The gelato was ok to me. Presentation wasn't the nicest, and also it was really soft...like to the point where it was basically melting! Gross. I wasn't impressed.I made the hot chocolate mix when I came home, and I must say, this stuff is INCREDIBLE. It reminds me of the hot chocolate at Churros Calientes in Los Angeles. Super thick, rich, and decadent. omg, it is incredible. I'm glad it turned out well because $18 for only a few cups of hot chocolate was pretty pricey! Even more than Godiva and some other high end chocolate brands.Overall, I liked Jean Philippe but I wasn't as blown away as I thought I was going to be. I definitely would return to actually try some of their pastries and maybe even their crepes (which are supposed to be amazing). 3 stars!
5	Absolutely fanrastic! The chocolate milkshake is very rich and tasty, they also have an option of fat free milk that makes it just perfect.
3	One in Aria is better than Bellagio. Both lines are usually equally as long.
4	If you're in the vicinity of the Bellagio, its definitely worth a stop. (There is also one in the Aria). Be forewarned, it is pricey.  But still worth the coinage for some yummy (though small) desserts.  They also have crepes and some other savory items.  The "Intense" chocolate mousse was very good...the strawberry tart was not quite traditional with a strong almond flavor (not my fave, but still good).  Even if you don't want to spend money, they have what is supposedly the world's tallest chocolate fountain, displayed on beautiful glass plates.  When you're there, be sure to stand back (like towards the gift shop) to take in the beauty of the whole store.  And, of course, there are chocolates you can buy and take back to your peeps back home--or for yourself to savor the memories.  And if that's not enough, you can shop online, too!
3	Expensive delicacies are served here.  Honestly though, (for the price) I felt the products should be better.  The presentation of the desserts was fabulous.  Unfortunately, they looked better than they tasted.  A-Ok best describes what we've gotten here.On the positive side, the Chocolate Fountain is very cool!  It is worth coming here just to check it out.  I would have to give this masterpiece 5 stars.Also, my niece absolutely loves the place.  She says that the crepes are the very best that she has ever tried.  I would have to disagree.So, although, she would give them 5 stars overall.  I'm writing the review so only 3 stars from me.Will I continue to return here?  Yes, because it's always cool to see the largest Chocolate Fountain in the world.  As for the bakery items....Hmm...one of these days I'll probably try something that simply "Wows" me.  Until that time, only 3 stars.
4	I had heard that the "World's Largest Chocolate Fountain" was located somewhere around the Bellagio. The husband and I decided to wander off and little did we know we bumped into Jean Philippe's. I have had their pastries before at a different location in Las Vegas but I hadn't had the chance to the see cool fountain. Saturday night was pretty busy and pretty crowded. Plenty of tourist in front of it taking their pictures and not being very kind as far as who's turn it was to get in front of it. You just gotta budge your way in and not care. Unfortunately I did care and wasn't ready to start pushing people around to get a picture in front of it but I must say, it is pretty cool! Its def really neat for kids to look at and for anyone to imagine what it would be like to get under neath it and just open your mouth and let that warm, delicious, fresh chocolate stream pour into your mouth and make your belly have a happy dance. Make sure you help yourself to one of their many desserts... whether it maybe a small cake, gelato or even a milkshake.. that will be the closest you will get to getting some sweet love in your belly since you aren't able to really touch or even taste the fountain (sorry! It's behind a glass window. It would be kinda gross if they just allowed people to dip random fruits and stuff in there. You know there would be that one person that will be smart to dip their finger in there hahaha-- back to the subject though). The place is a bit on the busy side though so make sure you have some time and take a seat near it and enjoy your sweets.
5	The Crepes were defiantly worth the long line!! The deserts were very good too!! The fresh orange juice was good too! The chocolate fountain was smaller then expected. And you can watch them make the crepes. Was def worth the time and the trip!
5	It's beyond me how any reviewer can give this place anything less than five stars. Everything from their chocolates, cakes, crepes, and ice cream to their sandwiches and coffee is simply incredible. You'd be hard pressed to find an equivalent or better of it's kind anywhere.
4	As I was walking to and from the Bellagio Tram Station, I came across this bake shop. What really amused me was the chocolate fountain!! It looked really cool.I did buy some pastries here, and while they tasted okay, I wasn't sure if they were really worth the price.But do stop here to see that chocolate fountain. Cheers!
4	Great Pasty shop!! We had some of the best croissants ever here. The croissants are fluffy and I really enjoyed the almond filling. Also tried the crepes which were very good but I would still say the croissants were the highlight for me. Also had to "blue berry cupcake" and it was excellent. This is not really a cupcake so don't get fooled by the name. It was delicious and the amount of detail that goes into making one of these is impressive.
1	We got a Nutella brioche and bananas foster crepe. Totally disappointed very expensive and not tasty at all!!!Go to Max Brennar at caesar's palace!
4	I wandered in because of the giant chocolate fountain, and stayed because of all the yummy treats they showcased in their glass counters. I got one of the larger pink macarons which was stuffed with raspberries and some sort of butter cream. It was heavenly! Difficult to eat, but worth it. The line was short, the cashiers friendly and quick, and I walked out of there a happy fat kid at heart, holding a beautifully boxed snack.They also had some interesting sandwiches and paninis - I definitely want to try the curry chicken one. I hope to return next time I'm ever in Vegas! Stop by and grab a sweet.
5	You will find the world's largest chocolate fountain here, it's certified by Guiness World Records, so don't even think you've seen one larger than this.  It's actually a very amazing thing to see and it draws quite a crowd during the day.They serve some fantastic candy here, have some amazing looking cakes and pastries and ice cream.  I've only tried some various candy and it's all been outstanding.  Hope to try some of the pastries here the next time I'm in Vegas.
3	We went here for a night out as a family, and let me start by saying that the chocolate fountain is amazing! We splurged and got 4 different flavors of Gelato - dulce de leche, creme brulee, oreo, and mint. The Gelato was truly delicious, however not the absolute best I have ever had. The service on the other hand was horrible... Truly the worst service I have had in a very long time. We are a friendly family and when we greeted the woman with a "Hello! How's your evening going?" we got a blank stare... Then when we asked if we could try a couple samples she genuinely rolled her eyes at us. May I add that we were the only people in line as this time. The only words she spoke to us were to tell us our total and even then we didn't get any eye contact. I hope that she was just having an "off night" but she made me feel like I was a terrible inconvenience on her evening.
5	Just so glad the sticky are back!  Delicious!Everything I have had here is wonderful.
5	Located just past the Conservancy. Would recommend this location over the one in the Aria although the line was longer. Aria does have a better selection, but the crepe make was better at the Bellagio. Even the whip cream tasted better.
5	Was it double or triple chocolate? I dont recall but it was heaven in a small circular shape dessert! I only wish it was in Pennsylvania somewhere. I guess i will have to come back for my lil heaven in a box!
5	My husband and I fell in love with the Raspberry Cheese cake!!! It is by far the best cheese cake ever!! Trust me on that! Must visit. Only downside; few tables!!
5	I was in Vegas this week and had to stop at Jean Philippe's. Once again it was amazing. This location is wayy better than the one at Aria. Aria employees are rude.
4	"Feast. Taste. Enjoy the moment."Jean Philippe Patisserie is a feast for the eyes --chocolate fountains, chocolate shoes, chocolate dragons...pastries and desserts in an abundance of hue and textures. Soak it all in. For a moment, nothing else in life really matters aside from deciding what will one have as a treat.On this my 3rd trip, I decided on a white mocha and paired it with a raspberry tart. With the first bite, time paused --delight took over, the palette, the senses, and the experience. From the perfectness of the raspberry, to the balanced richness of the custard, to the buttery goodness of the cookie base, it was many moments in time until the last crumb was eaten that will be a joy forever.Yes the space at this location with tables and chair stools are minimal and I would suggest taking the goodies in one of many comfy hotel seating close by the area windows but even the location with patrons milling around ordering their goodies did not in the least take away from the delight of the food. So go, choose your heaven and enjoy it in your earthly corner now.
4	We eaten here for many years and always say the same thing: the crepes are outstanding, the pastries and coffee is great, but why are the attitudes of the workers so poor? The answer is that they hate their jobs, having to stand there for 8 hours a day, taking orders from goofy tourists. We have been here no less than 30 times and always find the staff curt, unfriendly, and in some cases, rude.We always order a couple of crepes, coffees, and pastries, and always know that the staff will be sullen, and inefficient. The crepes must be worth it for us to keep returning.
2	Located inside the Bellagio, the Patisserie has a display of flowing chocolate which draws a large crowd of folks.I like the design of the check out (circular) which helps with the impact of the people blocking the hallway.We had two lattes and split a cheese danish.  I was anxiously awaiting to taste what $25 cup of coffee and pastry would do to my awaiting taste buds.  A lot of anticipation...very little flavor.Couldn't distinguish between the fancy cheese danish and what you'd get in the mutli-pack at Costco.
5	Fresh crepes made on the spot with a variety of toppings to choose from. They have counter space with high chairs to eat. There are a few tables nearby on the outside as well. Went here after dinner and got the banana foster crepe. They sell fresh squeezed orange juices and other deli items. They're all very friendly here.
5	EVERYTHING at the Jean Philippe Patisserie always looks amazing. I don't know how they do it, but each and every treat looks like a work of art. I love the tiramisu gelato - it's amazing in a white chocolate waffle cone. And don't even get me started on the cheesecakes, fruit tarts, etc. They look almost too pretty to eat! (But you will eat them, because they're absolutely delicious.)
5	They have a plain raised sugar doughnut with Nutella in it, that is to die for. It is amazing!
4	Went for breakfast. Looooong line around the circular preparation area. Very few menus scattered around circle and you can't see menu on the wall well from the line. You get to the cashier before you get to the pastries so you aren't fully educated on everything that is offered before you must order. You don't want to hold the line up so must order quickly. Then you pass the pastries and see something you wish you could have ordered. Very expensive $100 for 4 people. The pastries we got were great. Veggie crepe and chicken crepe were outstanding. Bonus points for the savory crepes being buckwheat. Coffee was delicious. The chocolate fountain and decorative cakes were fun to look at while In line. Overall, high quality food and good service. But please put the register after the pastries and have more menus available.
3	Came here on a whim after seeing the crowd of people next to the huge chocolate fountain.  The pastries and sandwiches looked absolutely mouthwatering but since we were readying our stomachs for the buffet later on, we stuck to the western salad and the flan.The western salad was actually quite tasty. A mix of greens, sliced beef, corn, beans, peppers, tomatoes, and bacon paired with a honey mustard-like dressing was quite filling.The flan was alright. Eggy, smooth, and firm enough. The price is standard vegas price but we wished we had tried something a bit more exciting in the end.The crepes looked quite appealing but we passed since the line was far too long.
3	The famous chocolate fountain was a feast for my eyes. I got the chocolate crepe ($10.50) and I dug in while it was still hot and fresh. While the first bite was blissful, the crepe was just too sweet with chocolate on the inside and out and covered with brownie chunks. The boyfriend called it quits after a couple bites. We also got crossaints (2 for the price of 1) and a strawberry gelato. Indeed we indulged our sweet tooth but nothing was particularly memorable. When we do come back, we will be trying other things on the menu.
5	Although we were staying in the Bellagio, we were unable to try this delight until the night before we were leaving, 15 minutes before closing. I am SO glad we didn't miss it. These desserts taste as beautiful as they appear.We ordered 3 desserts (a triple chocolate mousse, the Snickers-inspired dessert, and some other one), the ones that hadn't been sold out yet. Even though they were the less popular leftovers of the day, they were all divine, in particular the Snickers dessert (which really did taste like a Snickers bar!). I can only imagine what their more popular desserts taste like. Their crepe station and gelato are also very popular, but unfortunately we weren't able to try them. If I ever come back, there WILL be daily visits.It also happens to be a very chic little store corner, with the famous chocolate fountains on the side. Of note is during our stay, the fountain actually malfunctioned and started spilling chocolate all over the floor. That was amusing!Just come here once (but buy some water from a drug store or something first)!
4	In one word, amazing!We had chicken and nutella crepes. We also had a brioche and coffee. Everything was done to perfection. The only complaint is the line. Not that a place like this, in Vegas, wouldn't have a line. But the staff seemed less than efficient. Especially the lady making the crepes / omlettes.But like I said, the food really is perfect.
4	We stopped by this place around 9 o'clock in a morning. There was a line, but it was moving really fast. We did not spend more than 10 minutes in it. I ordered an espresso, nutella brioche and a pastry called Intense. This pastry really lived up to its name!!! It was super sweet. I think it was the sweetest thing i have ever had.  The espresso was very strong.  It was so strong that it went right into my brain and it kept me up all the way back on my drive to LA.Nutella brioche was nothing special. I don't think i would buy it there again.  The next time i am in Vegas i will be back to try their crepes and ice-cream.
4	Above average dessert place.They have a wide variety of desserts, far exceeding your average restaurant and even a lot of other dessert places. I have had their gelato (was okay) and the triple chocolate (good - not too heavy either). Its quick service, and far more oriented towards grab and go as there is limited seating.
3	Apparently I'm like the slow kid who didn't learn to NOT put her hand on a hot stove. After a very unsuccessful visit to their location in the Aria (which I have also posted a review for), I decided to visit the one in the Bellagio. The pastries are so delicious, but the service is just awful. The lines are undefined and a mess, the workers are impatient and rude, and the wait in line is long. What else is there to say? I wouldn't go out of my way to get a pastry from here. If you're in the area, great. Just be prepared for yummy desserts, but lackluster service.
4	I was staying at bellagio and this was my go to place for good coffee, fresh salads, and amazing pastries! The only complaint I have is that the lines were super long. Standing for an hour to get my morning coffee did not make for a happy girl!
4	Had some delightful nibbles in here , plenty to buy however EXTREMELY overcrowded due to the high spec and quality in the shop but none of these people seem to want to buy stuff
2	The manager was excellent however her staff on the chicolate side were very disorganized.  I really wanted to try the chocolate but a 20 minute wait while there only 3 people ahead of me was too much.  I finally left because the line really was not moving.  In addition there was a lady who bumped into me and did not say excuse me and would constantly make sour faces while serving others.  She really soured my sweet tooth.
5	Located beside the gardens in bellagio hotel, this little cafe hot spot is always busy. Tip of the day, while everyone is cueing (lining up) on the right, you can go around to the left and there is another register near the utensils to place your order. Now for the food. Had to get the crepe and we decided on a dulce de leche, 10.50 plus tax. Then we watched the lady make the crepe, filling it with Carmel, powdered sugar , fold and more Carmel topped with sprinkles of shaved chocolate, whipped cream on top with a mint garnish. Unfortunately we forgot to take a picture before we devoured it but it was one excellent crepe! There was not a bite left!
5	Spent Memorial Day weekend at the Bellagio and I was much more than pleased to have my morning coffee here than at Starbucks.  On Sunday morning I picked up a White Chocolate Mocha and a raspberry donut.  Both were excellent.  The following day I returned for a another White Chocolate Mocha and a Basil Chicken Panini.  The sandwich was surprisingly well done.  There is a nice seating area next to the patisserie that overlooks the pool.  I had homework to do so I walked a little further towards the convention area and found a big comfy chair and table to work at that was much quieter.
5	Long lines, but worth the wait. It's right by the conservatory (garden) and there's tables off to the side to eat. Tried the rose macaroon w/raspberries. The attention to detail is amazing. It had 3 tiny 'droplets' of sugar made to look like water and a sugared petal. The opera (coffee/choco) was also delicious. The crepes looked yummy and will try next time.
1	Plastic coffee stir? Really? How about bamboo for a greener alternative.  Shame on you. I will give you your 5 star back next time I m here & find greener utensils.
1	Wanna pay $6 for something that tastes like yesterday's drip coffee with "caramel"? Well, look no further folks, Jean Philippe will help you out.  Truck stops made better coffee than that. Had my husbands white chocolate and it was great. Never again!!!
4	Had a delicious Nutella strawberry crepe here. They made the crepe on the griddle in front of you, which made it feel even more fresh. At $13.50 ($10-11 for many others) it was a bit pricy, though. They also have pre-packaged chocolates, sundaes, ice cream, and savory (aka meal-like) crepes for sale.Note that for the crepes, there is not clear signage, but you must pay at the register first and then they will make the crepe for you.
4	The chocolate croissant the husband and I shared was one of the best I have ever had... and we ate it a day after buying it. The chocolate used in it was dark and flavorful in addition to being well spread throughout the pastry. The pastry itself was light and flaky... so good. At around 4$, the price was similar to any bakery. I would definitely get this again.
4	Of course I had to make a gluttonous stop in the city of sin ;) Jean Philippe Patisserie was the perfect spot for a cup of Joe & an almond croissant.  The only downside is that this place is super tiny with barely any seats! They also don't have any bold coffee, medium roast is as strong as they have so you may need to add a shot of espresso like the bf did. Everyone gawks at the chocolate fountain drip as they walk in but my eyes fell in love with the gorgeous cakes on display! There are some very intricate cakes spinning in the cases along with the ready to purchase mini cakes. If I was about to get onto a flight, I would've brought one of each home!!! We both shared an almond croissant and dulce de leche brioche. Wow, the almond croissant was a clear winner.. Crispy on the outside and perfectly balanced almond paste on the inside! The dulce de leche brioche was good too but really sweet with the gooey caramel oozing inside. ;) We discovered another location in Aria so definitely check at least one of them out!!
4	My partner and I ordered gelato! The way it was made and mixed were so good!!! Definitely will come back!
4	This shop, located in the Bellagio, is smaller then its counterpart located in Aria's.The chocolate fountain is amazing to look at and take pictures of.The line is confusing and there are people everyone in this very small shop with very limited seating inside.I was so excited to be ordering individual desserts for my friend's birthday that I failed to listen to the girl that was describing what I was pointing to. My taste buds heard "Raspberry Macaroon" and the girl actually said "Raspberry Macaroon with ROSE OIL".Needless to say I did not like the mini that I purchased for myself but my friend's all enjoyed, with great enthusiasm their desserts.
4	Had breakfast here on the last day. Already had the buffet the day before and wanted to give this place try. It is convenient to the elevators to the rooms. Sign says line starts on the right but to order crepes and omelets it is on the left before the cashier. There is usually a line of people waiting to get bakery items and chocolates on the right so you can bypass them if you just want to order an omelet. Had the ham and cheese omelet and coffee that came to around $16. Omelet I think was around $13 and $3 for the coffee. They make to order and you can actually see them making your omelette or crepe. The omelet was large and plenty for breakfast. Not sure how many eggs were in there and they seemed to have the eggs, ham and cheese preprepared in this plastic cup  and they just pour the contents on the grill. I would guess it would be equivalent to a three egg omelet. Eating there was much faster than going to the buffet but keep in mind the breakfast buffet is $19 so still the better deal. But it you don't want to do all your breakfast at the buffet this is a good option. The coffee as you would expect is French roast. There are tables at the corner and all along the hallway so not too difficult to find a place to eat. They serve on these thick plastic plates and the utensils are on the is shelf across from where you order the omelets.
4	$19 for 2 cups of ice cream and berry crepe. I wish they had coconut and smaller portions.
2	This review is for the crepes. I tried both the dessert and savory crepes during my visit in vegas. While both were decent, it was definitely not worth the $12. If you are coming here I suggest getting the gelato
4	On one of my many lone walks down the strip, I found myself inside Bellagio taking refuge from the 100+ degree weather.I pulled out my phone and yelped for the nearest, most easily accessible treats and ended up st JP.  Wow all their goodies, from sammies to crepes to gelato to pastries-- everything looked so appetizing. Now I was already anticipating a large meal within the next hour so I couldn't go crazy. I got the popular nutella brioche, vanilla eclair and peanut brittle. I quite enjoyed the latter two treats but was disappointed in their nutella brioche. I suppose it would have been much better warm but it wasn't given to me that way. The brioche itself was tough and slightly stale unfortunately. At least they were more than generous with the nutella. Pretty sure I'll be making a comeback. This time, with no other dining plans.
3	crepes, pastries, gelato, and more!The decor of this place is beautiful, as with anything inside Bellagio. The chocolate fountain display is worth staring at. I came here with a group of 7 for lunch. Not a lot of seating options, they have a couple of small tables but this is more of a place you order and take to go. They have variety of pastries and gelato you can choose from as well crepes and drinks. Their pastries looked so good! I didn't get any but I really wanted to because they were just gloriously sitting there waiting to be eaten.I got the smoked salmon crepe and a banana foster crepe to share. They both tasted great but for the price I paid, I expected a bit more. Both crepes are about $12 each and that's a lot for crepes in my opinion. The salmon crepe was delicious, they use a distinct sauce that I found quite enjoyable with the salmon. There was also asparagus inside the crepe that added a nice crunch, but i felt like that they gave too little smoked salmon. The crepe was mostly filling and I wanted more smoked salmon. The banana foster was sweet and the caramel was wonderful but I wished the banana wasn't so mushy because the entire crepe lacked any sort of texture. I also got a mocha and that was pretty standard. To finish off my meal I got a chocolate chip mint gelato and I really enjoyed that. Their gelato was smooth and creamy :)I did enjoy my crepes but for what they charge, I expected better. I'll be back again to try their pastries :)
4	As much as I enjoyed the food, it was just extremely expensive! My husband and I ordered the breakfast sandwich & quiche Loraine & a few other goodies and our total was so high! Don't get me wrong, the food we ordered was delicious! But I don't think I would pay that much again. Also, I got the 8-piece Macaron box. They were small & pricey as well. I've had better to be honest.
2	Their claim to fame is award winning pastries. We got there at 3:30pm and picked out a croissant which looked average. The taste and texture was the below average and I'm almost sure they use shortening instead of butter.....it just tasted bland and a bit stale. Sadly the Starbucks pastries in SF taste way better........Total for a croissant and ice coffee was $10.
3	Service was spotty and disorganized. A 20 minute wait, after ordering, for a coffee and pastry. Really?! Coffee was mediocre at best. Third star based on the quality of the pastries alone.
4	So fattening... So good!Something for everyone at this dessert heaven. Sorbet, gelato, shakes, fruit tarts and chocolates. Kinda out of the way but so worth it if your in the area. Things are made fresh here so the flavor are good.Last word... Sweet!
5	A little pricey but ice cream is worth it they also have pastries and candy. They also have the tallest chocolate fountain in the world! Its inside the Bellagio right near the flower botanical area really nice.
3	As someone who hardly ever desires crepes, I figured Jean could be the one to persuade me. They offer both sweet and savory options with a huge pastry and gelato section. My bf and I decided to order two savory crepes and gelato for dessert.Smoked Salmon -- Their most popular option that's stuffed with pico de gallo, asparagus, spinach, and smoked salmon with a caper aioli. The savory crepe batter is a little different and tastes like it contains wheat. We thought the first few bites were yummy but quickly got over it. The pico de gallo was also too spicy for me :(Chicken -- Tasted like one of my deconstructed chicken wraps except they're chipotle sauce is note. Simple option and chicken wasn't dry.Their pastry selection was beautiful yet expensive! We also thought the gelato was only okay but at least they offer white chocolate cones. We probably won't come back because the crepes aren't worth $13 each. Maybe they're dessert crepes are better..
5	My go to dessert place when I am in Vegas!!This place has the most delicious and pretty desserts. From their small cakes and chocolates to their gelatos and crepes. Everything is just so decadent and sweet. The world's largest chocolate fountain looks cool and is a nice photo op.They only strive for the best, there were a couple of times the crepes would tear and the workers would immediately start over. It is definitely pricey but, it is worth trying out some of the best desserts ever =]The seating area is very limited so you kinda have to get lucky or walk around to find a seat.Overall, a must go when you are in Vegas. There is also a Jean Philippe Patisserie in Aria which also looks really cool too.
4	Every bite of everything is like a dream!! So good!! All the pastries and ice cream and crepes are made from top quality ingredients, and it shows. You should definitely stop by to satisfy that craving for really great dessert. Avoid all the other crap that is made of junk and will still cost you an unreasonable amount of money. The only reason I give it 4 out of 5 stars is because the coffee is not very good at all.
3	Wicked expensive but it's Vegas.  We got a Snickers bakery item with chocolate mousse, caramel and chocolate wrap.  Oh my God!  It was divine.  The Pabana smoothie I got was horrible.  I took two sips and threw it out.  I should've taken it back and asked for something else but I didn't feel like it.  There's always a line and very confusing where the line starts and how to order.  But we made our way through it.  Nice place to get some caffeine.
3	Since we were staying at the Bellagio this became our go to place for breakfast, snacks and desserts. Each time I was more disappointed than the first. The only redeeming quality was their ginormous croissants and pastries. We had everything from the gelato to their crepes and even their pastry selection. (We were there for a week, I ate here a lot lol). Their crepe was horrible - I had the banana foster, and it was this gelatinous banana goo on top of a plain crepe. The gelato wasn't creamy and their chocolates were just bland. The lines were very long, the workers just seemed pissed off and it was very expensive. If I wasn't so lazy I would of walked over to the other gelato stand on the other side.  Just like everyone else, we were all blinded by the beautiful chocolate fountain and Multi colored marshmallow train lol.
4	Opera Cake - always fantastic quality and rich enough to share between 2 people.  I come here every other Vegas trip to stop by and have one.Crepes - french style obviously with a soft crepe underneath warm fruits with gelato.  all the fruits have powerful flavors and the gelatos are of great quality, however I think their baked goods are better.  I'd rather stick to the crepes where all the stuff is on the inside and the crepe itself is a crispy shell
5	After eating at Social House I wanted to get a dessert so I used my handy dandy yelp app and proceeded to check what was around me. Jean Philippe came up and had great reviews so I had to check this place out. Upon finding this place you will first see the huge chocolate fountain which is the world's largest. Didn't care to take any pictures like the rest of the tourist because I'm a man on a mission when I want some sweets. So I ordered the snicker cake and the red velvet cupcake. The snicker cake was amazing. Moist and it was exactly like eating a snickers just in a moist cake form but the Red Velvet cupcake was the BEST! I've never had anything like this before because it doesn't look like a traditional cupcake. The cupcake is actually at the bottom. I'll be back because I want to try the crepes and gelatos as well.
2	The food is excellent, however most employees belong at circus circus, not to the  Bellagio!Spending $90 for a breakfast of four which is worth it, it will be nice to crack a smile.
4	We went to this place solely based on my friend's suggestion as she has been here before and loved it badly. Turned out we made the most wise decision, their chocolate fondue was amazing as it can automatically pour itself from one plate to a lower level and will get sucked back to the highest. We tried the blueberry and chocolate cupcake, not too sweet was so spongy and soft in mouth, we enjoyed our time to the best extent.
4	The Jean Philippe Patisserie in Bellagio has a Chocolate-fantasy like theme, where you can see the largest chocolate fountain in the world.  I have visited this place a couple of times - sometimes just to adore the beautiful pastries.I have tried the crepe and hazelnut ice cream, and they are simply delicious.  They are quite pricey but well worth it.
5	The desserts are out of this world and they have excellent customer service! I placed a large order after visiting in person. There was a shipping problem but Jean Philippe Patisserie responded immediately and rectified the problem. I highly recommend this place when you visit Las Vegas.
4	I was disappointed with this place. I'm still giving it 4 stars because it was good, but it wasn't that good. I had expectations that the baked goods and chocolates would absolutely blow my mind. It didn't.I'd definitely go back if I were nearby and wanted good chocolate or baked goods, but I wouldn't make it a destination to visit.
4	Crepes!!!If you are here, try the crepes with Ice-Cream. The pastries are all good and french authentic.Not to miss
4	I haven't tried much from here but every time I'm in town I have to stop here for the Almond butter croissant! It's so flakey and moist all at the same time! Soo good!
4	Stick to what Monsieur Phillipe is good at: sweets! The light, grab-and-go options (paninis/wraps/salads) are painstakingly average and not worth the splurge. On the other hand, you will not regret going for anything chocolate. If you are having trouble deciding, the staff are incredibly knowledgeable about method of preparation and ingredients used.
5	As pastry shops in the United States go, I don't really know how you could top this. I visited three times during my Vegas trip this past week. It's a beautiful space, the pastries look incredible, and the adjacent table space (really part of the Bellagio, not specifically Jean Philippe) is a lovely place to sit and enjoy your goodies. I got the chocolate crepe, which was delicious and very pretty. Props to the crepe maker, who was working very hard and turning out perfect crepes each time. Right before I left for the airport I returned to get an almond croissant, because they have marzipan inside, but I wasn't impressed with that. I think the butter of the croissant gives the marzipan a greasier-than-usual texture-- no thanks. Might be better fresh, but not to pick up and eat later. Their coffee is good.A lot of people have criticized this place for the service. I would describe the service here as "efficient." There is a constant line and they are trying to move it quickly. It's true that this was the least friendly service I had in Vegas, but these folks are (almost literally) like Lucy in that chocolate factory episode. They're getting my order right and keeping the wait time as short as possible, so I'm not going to require them to also act like they're delighted to see me. Prices are... Bellagio. The crepe prices ($11?) are fair enough for something that perfect, but I couldn't deal with $11+ for a croissant turkey sandwich. Still, you're not coming here to get a great deal. You just walked under a Chihuly ceiling and through a fantasy wonderland flower conservatory with a harpist. Yes, you are going to pay more than you do at a neighborhood Starbucks that is between a Subway and a Hair Cuttery. It's worth the extra $5.
2	Note: My review is based on their pastries and desserts and chocolates.  I read a lot of good reviews on their crepes but my rating is not based on crepes, since I have not tried that.I am a big fan of sweets and desserts...but I find this place overrated.  The desserts are beautiful to look at but taste just ok.  $8 ea.  Pastries $5 ea.  Chocolate syrup in a bottle for $16 ea.  Chocolate spread and peanut butter spread $12 ea.  I didn't mind the prices if they were really good...but they were not that special.  Pretty disappointed.
4	The lines for Jean Phiippe are ridiculous in the morning, but it's a great place for a light breakfast or dessert.The pastry and desserts are beautiful, but not the best you'll have in your life.  My croissant while flaky, was lacking the buttery richness I expected.  Still very good, but not the best ever.  We also had a chocolate cupcake which was incredibly rich, almost too much so if that's even possible, and a delicious fruit tart of sorts.It's also a bit difficult to figure out the lines.  In the morning there was one that wrapped around the entire store.  Later, there were two, but no indication if they were for separate types of orders or where they started.  Maybe one was for omelets?  We just got in the one closest to the dessert case to window shop before ordering.
4	We stopped here for gelato, and it was very good.  We got stracciatella and mixed berry, and while both were good, the stracciatella was more of a traditional gelato texture than the mixed berry.
5	OMG!!!! BOMB.com This is a mandatory stop if you are anywhere near the Bellagio. I optioned to try the Chocolate ice cream with chocolate dipped waffle cone! TO DIE FOR!!! Check my pic and you will see it was worth the $6.
5	My husband and I stopped here for a light breakfast, and were pleasantly surprised!  We shared a mushroom omelette, which was excellent. It came with a small skewer of fruit, which we unfortunately had to throw out, as a fruit fly landed on it after we sat down.  I had a caffe latte, which was good.  The cheese danish we shared was also good.  We will definitely return if we we stay in the Bellagio.
5	Once you accept fact that the lattes here are almost double the $ that you pay at the 'bucks, drown your sorrows in the deliciousness that is the most perfect croissant. The Nutella brioche isn't too bad, either...
4	A great place to "AWWWW" your friends and family with there "world's largest chocolate fountain" that flows from the ceiling to the floor.I myself am not a sweets person, savory things are more my thing. I LOVE the fact that this place has both for a eater like me. I must say that the sweets are amazing, i ordered the lime tart which was just as close to perfect. I'm a fan...
5	Woweeee! I have a new favorite gelato place in Vegas. Coconut was my favorite but I can't lie, I did try gelato here 3 days. This was my dessert of choice! The crepes are good as well but the gelato really takes the prize. The chocolate waterfall is fun to see as well and there are a lot of patries that I will try on my next visits but it sure will be hard not to just get gelato and more gelato! While the seating inside is limited and cramped, there are a bunch of little tables right around the corner. Service was really fast for the long lines at night. Price is right on with everywhere else in Vegas.
5	World's Largest Chocolate Fountain! Vegas has everything! Can I somehow recreate this fountain in my home?  It's very doubtful but it's a nice thought. There is a certificate on their wall from the Guinness World Records.  Pretty neat.  Besides admiring the fountain and all of their delectable fancy desserts, they have a crepe station, gelato and sandwiches made to order.  I've tried several of their desserts displayed ever so lovely in their case. Each have been as good as they look! I've also had the Dulce de Leche gelato which is always a winner in my book.  Great flavor! I've always had great service here.  When you are located in a busy hotel, the line doesn't seem to end.  When the employees still have service with a smile, it says something great about this little place.  If you happen to be in the Bellagio, definitely stop by for a treat!
5	NOM - tried the "Snicker" this trip...so good!!!  Love this place!
5	I came here for the first time and it was a bit late. They had a very limited amount of items as they had sold out from the day. I decided on the tripe chocolate dessert. Ive had a ton of desserts in my life and usually something like this is very dense and very heavy. To my pleasant surprise, this was neither. It had a creamy white chocolate center and some sort of peanut brittle even further in. Really high quality tasty pastries
4	Great crepes and chocolates. We had the Nutella with strawberry and the cinnamon sugar crepes.
5	Super delicious! A bit pricey but worth the experience. The crepes are oh-so-yummy. And even the gelato! Yum!
4	All the pastries and chocolate fountain made me felt like i was in sugar wonderland! Tried the hazelnut gelato with real nuts on it, super creamy and delicious! I also had the tiramisu it was great in the eye and great taste too! I wanted to the pistachio gelato but the guy in front of me got the last of it at 4 pm or else I would have given this patisserie a 5 stars!
4	Our wait was 20min for crepes but they did warn us. Savory: ordered the ham and cheese. Amazing. It was like a ham and cheese omelette inside a crepe. Sweet: Apple crepe. Delish. Tho may want the bananas foster next time.
4	I thought this place was just hype but I was surprised to find out the food (i.e. the crepes) are pretty darn good.  Yes, the food and chocolate is a bit on the pricey side and the lines are always long, but the quality of food you get is well worth it.  My only disclaimer is that crepes may take a while to make but you have to understand it's pretty much one or two people running the whole show.  The wait was worth it though - will definitely stop by here again next time I'm in town.
4	I stopped by here with my bf since we were starving and had an hour to kill between a wedding and the reception. The salad we got was bomb dignity. I don't even remember what it was, but it had vinagrette dressing, and was absolutely delicious with nice chunks of meat in there. I was super stoked about their croissant, but thought it was average. I can't speak for the desserts since I didn't get to try them yet. Next time!
4	The only reason that this is not 5 stars is because I have a budget. I took my 8 year old here for fall break and he said, "I want to spend the night".  He was completely ok with not being able to purchase  anything he was just mesmerized. So was I. Just as I have been everytime I have everytime I have stared into the fountains of chocolate before. It's enough to completely hypnotize a person. In my prechild days, I was able to afford some of the wonderful sandwiches and gelato. If money is not an issue then enjoy, it is well worth it. As a lover of all things beautiful then go and admire.
4	WE had the dulce de leche and the banana foster crepe souffle... wow wow wow... the coffee was just good, but the crepes were heaven.
4	Tasty coffee, excellent almond croissant...and they open at 6 am, so it helps for travelers on east coast-time. The location in the Aria is pretty impressive, Bellagio location is tame compared.
3	As an incorrigible sugar addict, you'd think I'd automatically give this patisserie five stars, but I found their goodies looked better than they tasted. I find it difficult to forgive & forget when a dedicated dessert spot disappoints me, so I won't be giving Jean Phillipe another chance. - hot chocolate: dark chocolate flavor was overpowering. Not smooth & creamy, more like melted dark chocolate. Too much of a good thing. - chocolate croissant: Not enough chocolate. I've had better from no-name bakeries.- chocolate-dipped rice Krispy treats: though the shiny, sexy chocolate glistened beautifully, the flavor was dull & chalky. Everything was so, so average. I expected more from a place where chocolate fountains flow freely.
5	This cafe has a playful ambience and courteous staff. Both the sweet treats and the coffees always delight! Make sure and drop by to see the decorative displays as well as the chocolate fountains. You'll not be disappointed!
2	Quality on par with Bellagio but the service ruined it. The line is literally around the shops interior into the hallway. Why they don't have twice the amount of employees working is beyond me, this is the Bellagio. Its not that great of coffee they need a duken doughnuts who can bang out coffee all day quickly. Shocking such an establishment not staffing properly. Why the manager isn't ringing in transactions too is silly. The chocolate fountain was cool but you can only stand their looking at it so long.
4	Worth going simply to see the chocolate fountain!  SO cool and it smells dangerously delicious.  They had so many adorable seasonal chocolates as well - I was amazed by the craftsmanship of what they made.  Definitely a good spot to grab a gift!
4	Prices are a bit high but we always come here after checking out the conservatory.we always get gelatin but last night we decided to try other things from the menu. I wanted a smoothie but didn't know what to get with lemon sorbet. The cashier was very helpful,  not codes in the least bit and didn't bat a last when I asked if the fruit was organoc. He didn't k ow and
4	Headed over to JPP for a midday snack of one of their gorgeous desserts and an iced coffee. I almost couldn't decide on what I wanted...all the desserts looked so good. I ultimately decided on the triple chocolate. Typically I would shy away from such because it tends to be super rich, but it's delicate appearance was just calling to me. The dessert itself was light and fluffy, given that it was mostly mousse. The pastry bottom was a nice touch as was the nutty texture inside. Yum. Not to rich but definitely satisfying for my typically insatiable chocolate cravings!They definitely charge a premium price for both but at least the dessert is pretty to look at...the coffee not so much, but it is a large serving so I guess I can't complain all too much except for the fact that there was absolutely no body to it.
4	Ordered a beautiful looking roast beef sandwich, and was aghast at seeing they only have yellow mustard packets.  ???? (Who uses that stuff anymore....whatever happened to Dijon, grained, etc etc)So, I grab a few mayo packets and after one bite of my sandwich, I am equally aghast at seeing they only have fat free mayo.  It goes from bad to worse!  Why would they have that awful stuff only offered?  It totally ruined a beautiful sandwich.  Condiments are very important!
5	They have two shops one in the Aria and one in the Bellagio. OMG I really don't like sweets to much my wife on the other hand loves them.  I got us a triple chocolate pastry and it was the best thing I ever had.  I guess that really was not surprising from a World Pastry Champion.  Not only do you have desserts and coffee but a full line of sandwiches salads crepes gelato it gose on and on. They really have something for everyone. I had an Italian crepe it was really good and filling.  The arugula and ricotta spread was really good and the whole dish was vary balanced.  I seen that some people wrote about really long lines poor service.  When I visted both locations it was vary busy at Aria and a little less at Bellagio.  I didn't wate longer that 5-7mins after ordering my food and since the line was out the front of the shop I think all the workers did a good job. If your looking for a bit to eat on the strip and somthing for your sweet tooth look no further.
2	We had breakfast today at the cafe and was very disappointed with their service. One of the employees was rude and did not help us with the menu. This is not what you expect from Bellagio! On speaking to the manager, she was apologetic and also made up for it. Thank you Karen. However good selection of desserts and paninis!
4	Amazing place to show a chocoholic. The desserts are amazing along with the decoration (which are made with chocolate).
4	The largest chocolate fountain was enough to impress anybody. Their rose macaroon was delightful, just the right amount of sweetness. My husband really enjoyed his cheesecake. We also tried their berry crepe. I expected a more fluffy crepe, although its sauce was very good.
5	World's largest chocolate fountain! They have the record certificate there. 3 different kinds chocolate. Runs like water, really smoothly. You can hardly tell it's moving. Haven't tried the chocolate there yet. But enjoying this amazing scene is a quite an experience already!
4	I don't know who this Jean Philippe is, but he is a dessert genious. We came across several of his little patisseries through out vegas, but we frequented the one in ARIA many times. Zomg were they delicious little pastries and chocolates. Long lines, but worth the wait!
4	There are several locations for the French patisserie. I have walked by the location plenty of times. It has a world record plaque for the largest chocolate fountain. One can miss it walking in a hurry. It's amazing to look at. Lots to see from desserts and pastries. Fancy cakes and little desserts. There is usually a line. Finally found a point without a line. Staff is quick to help get the orders moving. Staff makes good selections as we elected to try the almond croissant she mentioned. We ordered a coffee beverage. The pastry was served warm as if it came out of the oven. Flavors were sweet. Texture was flaky and melted with bites. Finished in almost no time. The coffee drink was more on the bold side. However it was sweet in it's right.Good: fast helpful service matched with tasty pastries match the attraction to the shop.Bad: always a line.I'll likely make a return trip to this patisserie. There is another shop in the other casino.
5	Must stop place in Vegas!Great spot to grab a deliciously fresh salad and quick bite sandwiches.  Also, binge on cute, colorful desserts.Wish we could have tried more pastries, but couldn't be too greedy. Will stop by next time, in vegas!
5	Slow serves, long line, but considering my bar is pretty low as far as crepes are concerned it was pretty god damn good!!!
4	Delicious cakes. I would give 5 stars but serving coffee in paper cups is ridiculous. Get desserts here but coffee elsewhere.
3	After seeing pictures on Yelp about this place, I decided to have breakfast here.  When we arrived at Bellagio, we had a hard time figuring out where the store was.  Well, it turns out that this place looks more like a fast food joint, rather than an upscale restaurant.  Anyways, the menu on the wall only states the selection of crepes and drinks they had.  It did not mention anything about their sandwiches or breads.  Well, since we're here, might as well buy something to eat.  The line was pretty long.  By the time we got to the front of the line, we saw sandwiches and breads so we ended up ordering 2 sandwiches.  Both sandwiches were pretty good but it's nothing to rave about.  I couldn't even remember the name...I'll skip this place the next we're here.
