5	My family has been coming to Pizza Mart for over 12 years and have never had a bad experience. If you are looking for cheap and good pizza, this is the place. You can also get a soft serve cone and a beer!
5	Pizza Mart was my very first favorite spot, besides McDonald's, when i was a teeney lil' hyper brat. This place has the best pizza dough and great customer service. Not expensive AT ALL!!! and the best part is when your done stuffing your belly with delicious hot oven pizza, you can get a soft serve vanilla  icecream cone for super cheap! makes for a fun first date... they have lots of old video games like king-kong, pac-man, zelda, etc. atmosphere is very casual... very eighties.
4	This place is awsome. Pizza and wings were delicious. The staff is very friendly. Very well kept and clean. The prices are just right.  The only thing about this place I didn't like is if you want a salad they give you a small a$$ plate and you can only get a one time trip around the salad table. I personally think its not worth it.
5	Great little retro pizza place reminds me of the pizza places that were popular when I was a kid. Has the same video games, even! The pizza is made fresh and extremely cheap. I can feed the entire family for under $20. The ice cream and sides are great too.
5	Oh Pizza Mart. You were our go to place when I was a little girl growing up in Mesa. How can you beat the delicious CHEAP large pepperoni pizzas for $3.75 (back in the '80's and '90's). Then a 10 cent ice cream cone. You had the best old school video games ever. You are a true Mesa landmark!
4	Pizza is cheap, but nothing too fancy.  I think a large pepperoni is still around $5, small and lunch size also starting under $4.  The quality of the pizza is much higher than you'd expect for the price and the workers are very friendly. This is a 1980's pizzeria style atmosphere, a small selection of video games, and they still sale pitchers of beer and soda.  There use to be a few west valley locations I ate at growing up, so I have some fond memories of this place.  Now it is just the Mesa location, so I stop there when I can.
5	My partner grew up eating Pizza Mart, so I was anxious to try it since I am Jersey raised and always hungry for a good pizza. The place is an x iHop and nothing special on the outside- and as I waited in the car, he went in to pick up 2 pies @5 each.  I did not see the interior.The ride hope was tedious and slow as the car was filled with the aroma of a freshly baked pie. My mouth watered and puckered and I could not resit the temptation to take a little nugget. Well, it was wonderful. I was so surprised and so happy.By the time we got home to Central Phoenix the pizza was luke warm and yet still, I loved it. $5 for a 12" QUALITY PIE. It was tomato-y with the perfect amount of cheese and a crisp and tasty crust. It held up and later at night as a cold pizza, it was still delicious. What more does one want ?Well, what I want is for it be closer. However, whenever in the East Valley, I will be there. I can't speak about the rest of their offerings, but as a pizzeria, it might be the best value in the valey.I give it 5 stars because of the taste AND value.
4	Gotta love Pizza Mart! This place looks really ghetto outside, but it's an oldschool gem on the inside. The pizza is yummy and for 5.00 you really can't beat it. Lots of old arcade games. They also have a salad bar, but it's nothing special. All in all a  great place to get a cheap pizza, beer, and ice cream.
2	dont ever go here for great pizza , the inside of the place is awesome i wanted the food to be good too. I swear little Sleazers is better. if they dumped the pizza shit and threw a couple pooltables in there maybe a live band every onece in a while. i wish they had good pizza i live so close, I want to show them how to make a pizza i feel bad that some people have said this is whatthey consider good pizza.
2	Do not go here for food.  There is absolutely nothing redeeming about the pizza here.  It might actually be worse than Little Caesar's or Peter Piper.  The ambiance doesn't redeem the place, either... Unless your favorite aura when you dine out is "divey."  I'd suggest you just skip the bad pizza and bad ambiance altogether and just hang out in the parking lot... But this is near one of Mesa's several nexi of ghetto.  Don't even hang out in the parking lot.Why two stars?  Because the people who run the place are nice.  In a world of rampant narcissism and superficiality, being nice should count for something.  I'd suggest that your best bet is to walk in, chat with the proprietors for a few minutes, hand them $5 or so for a bottled Mexican soda just to show appreciation, and leave.  Don't eat the pizza, or hang out.My suggestion to the owners as to how to improve the pizza: all it needs is better crust, better sauce, and maybe better cheese.  Really, that's not too much to change, right?
2	IF YOU ACTUALLY LIKE GOOD-TASTING PIZZA (and you have standards), STAY AWAY. I literally rank Lil' Caesers above this place. Any chain restaurant, for that matter, has better pizza. Their crust and sauce and cheese distribution is gross.The arcade games inside is a very nice touch, but half of them ate my money and there were a million slimey unattended, unsupervised children running everywhere and being completely rude and ruining the experience for me and my kids. There is a salad bar but it looks like it has a bowl of iceberg lettuce and some tomatoes and cukes, about the lamest salad bar I have ever seen. Save your money and get a $5 Hot n' Ready!
4	gotta love it because this is what most people in Mesa know, Pizza Mart. pizza quality has changed over the years, and the CSR are a bit rude. except for that one brunette Angie or something like that, she was very helpful. went in on a sat. night and the place is still busy. i only add two more stars cuz of my service given by angie
4	Great music playing on the radio. Took my soon to be 2nd grader for an afternoon of pizza, ice cream, Frogger, Donkey Kong, Ms. Pac Man, Galaga etc.  The food is not stellar, but it's reasonably priced.  They do have beer here as well.  I'm sure we'll be back with the kids in tow.  Mostly a younger crowd at lunch time.The place is definitely divey, but it was pretty spotless.  People working are nice as well.  Don't miss out on the 50 cent ice cream cones either.
4	The pizza here was good. The only complaint I have is that the pizza was a little doughy so we ended up putting it in our oven at home to cook a little longer and it came out delicious. The crust was crispy and the toppings were good. We would come again and hopefully get a pizza that's cooked thoroughly.
5	Was so yummy! Been going to pizza mart since I was a kid always consistant and always great service and pizza for a great price!
5	I love this place! I've been going to Pizza Mart for what's got to be close to 30 years. The prices seem to have barely changed and always brings back great memories. It's not gourmet but it's great eats at unbeatable prices. Places like this are rare these days. Five stars for good pizza, good prices and for keeping it real all these years
