4	Caribou Coffee was a great stop for me! It was super cold outside and I needed heat and a caffeine pick-me-up in a serious way. The employees at Caribou were extremely friendly! When I ordered, the barista behind the counter quickly looked up and said that my drink combination was his favorite. You can't beat feeling special when you place a hot drink order! This location in particular creates the ambiance as if you are in a winter lodge. It's great for the wifi, reading a book, or meeting a friend for a chat.
4	Staff is super friendly and the location is great.  Makes for a nice cozy stop or get away if u are looking to read or study. Or even meet with someone.I'm not a huge fan of the parking lot.... but I am now a huge fan of their spicy hot chocolate. Make sure you get it in dark!There are limited tables here but there looks to be plenty of outlets to use near the walls..... scratch that.... not that many but since its not busy does not seem like people are giving me the evil eye if I'm sitting next to an outlet and not using it.
4	Pretty standard Caribou location.  It's larger than the Matthews location on 51 and has more seating (inside and out).  There's also a electric fireplace.Service at this location is generally fast and attentive.
4	It's your typical coffee shop. The bathrooms were clean and service friendly. We did have a guy come in and try to sell us stuff, saying he was a wholesaler which was annoying. Thankfully he didn't try the hard sell. Otherwise the place was fine.
5	I consider this my Caribou because it's the only coffee place that I pass on my way to school. During AP exams, I started stopping in here every morning before school to get a caffeine fix. ALL of the baristas are awesome and they make a killer White Chocolate Mocha. I've never had to wait in line for a drink for more than 2 or 3 minutes. Since I'm accustomed to the dark, cramped Starbucks in Cotswold, I really love how much space this location has. Wi-Fi works well all around and there is plenty of room to get some homework done or meet with friends to discuss a project. It even has some outdoor seating. The bathrooms are super clean. Great location and awesome baristas.
2	I've been going to this Caribou more often since the Matthews Festival location closed. Every time I go, my esteem for the place is a diminished a bit. It's really too big and open for a chain that tries to establish that rustic, cabin-y feel, and the employees are not nearly as friendly as the Festival store. They usually get my order wrong.  The interior and the staff seem cold, despite the fake fireplace.Also, it smells weird.
5	Yum!
4	UPDATE: This location is now  permanently *CLOSED DOWN*nearest Caribou is at Foxcroft.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------This place is down the block from  me, I buy their "Travellers" blend it makes terrific espresso and the kids working here are great.
