4	This was my first Pho-eating experience and it was great. The atmosphere/service was very casual. The staff was kind and the service was good. The soup I ordered was very reasonably priced: 9 for a large, a bit more for an X-large. I ordered the large Pho with both rare and well done beef. The broth was great; it was tasty and there were plenty of noodles and beef as well. The only thing I didn't like was that the beef (rare) was a little too well done, or maybe it just sat in the hot broth for too long and cooked, but it wasn't really all that rare!Great meal for the price - I will definitely return!
4	Review #400Wow, I can't tell you how happy I was to find an authentic Vietnamese resto in the W Island!  I could tell by walking in that this place was the real deal!  Chopsticks and asian soup spoons on the table + hoisin and Siracha sauce!  It's a definite sign it's true Vietnamese!  I'm so tired of restaurants claiming they are Vietnamese only to look at their menu and being disappointed because they do Quebec stir-fry!  Most of these restaurants that pretend are so mediocre it's sad!  As it was a hot day I was not in the mood for pho so I ordered a B7 (grilled chicken, spring rolls vermicelli). Portion size was not huge but just enough for lunch!  Flavour and taste was decently good!  Not the best Vietnamese I've eaten but definitely better than good considering the dearth of Vietnamese in the West Island!  Price is a bit higher. Usually you can get a dish for sub $10 but they charge $11.50 for a Vermicelli!  Next time I'm going to hit up the Pho!
4	Thank you Yelp for finding me a real Pho restaurant in the West Island. It's completely authentic - the pho had a rich, aromatic broth and was served piping hot. Imperial roles were light and crunchy and the homemade lemonade was fresh and tart. It's the real deal and I highly recommend it. They have a full Vietnamese menu which I look forward to sampling if I can ever tear myself away from the Pho!
4	Im writing this review, because I don't want this place to go away. Pho Binh, by far the most authentic Vietnamese cuisine in the West-Island. No need to drive to Cote-des-Neiges area to have some hot Pho soup. It's the real deal, but it may be more pricey 9$ for Large. No need to worry about the parking and again, it may be the only Authentic Vietnamese cuisine in the West-Island.
4	It was very nice to eat in a CLEAN Vietnamese restaurant. The Tonkinese chicken soup was very tasty. We also had the shrimp spring rolls and shredded beef rolls. They were fresh and very tasty. The service was friendly and efficient. We don't like to sit around a long time in a  restaurant and didn't have to. We were in and out. I dont think tjey take credit cards but do take debit. Thanks!!
5	I've been to this restaurant several times since my last review and I leave happy every time! I've ventured from the soup section and tried some of the other food as well and it is great! The combo meals are good value and taste delicious. I will keep returning, that is for sure!
