4	mmmm not been for a wee while, but definitely feel a visit coming on over christmas (really missing fish and chips scottish chippie style as a treat!) Totally amazing, great quality ingredients and even healthy options of cauliflower (ok battered but hey!) got a wine and beer license which is sweet, but its just always sooo busy and a little out of the way for us. especially without a car as food will be too cold to eat at home if there are no tables.Really feeling the need to visit soon!
3	A very good pizza place in the area of Bruntsfield. My friend came here to get our girlie night-in pizza and it was quite good- not your average cardboard with cheese stuff. It's usually busy but the service is usually quite fast. When writing this review what impressed me was their quite fancy website. Never knew chippies really got into the whole Internet stuff but hey if it means more clients fair dos.As far as pizza places go, I would come here again.
5	I ate in here on Friday night at about 9pm when I'd been sipping in wine since 4:30.  My point is, my review might be sliiiiiiiiightly skewed by my starvation and intoxication, but not much.  When I walked in I noticed how clean, friendly, and well decorated this place is.  I know that's not exactly a must in a chippy, but a nice addition anyway.  My man wanted pizza while I was jonesing for a fish supper.  I was sent next door to get the pizza and the sweet wee woman behind the counter didn't want any of the food to go cold so she advised me to order my supper after the pizza was ready because it might take a while.  I was too hungry and just ordered and ate my supper right there, as my man waited for his pizza.  Cruel, I know.It was divine.  I can't normally finish a fish supper because it eventually gets a bit soggy and a bit gross.  Not this one.  I took it DOWN (not at all alcohol related...).  The batter was wonderfully crispy (I'll admit I actually resorted to munching on plain batter), and the fish was perfectly moist.  I asked for extra salt and vinegar and it was doused to my heart's content.  I'll admit, I don't really recall much about the chips, because I was so busy devouring the fish, but I'm sure they must have been quite nice!To be honest, though, the reason why this place really stands out for me is that they've joined the "Fish Fight" - you know, where all of those celebrity chefs are trying to get people, chippies, fishmongers and supermarkets to start branching out and trying different types of fish, and reduce the strain on overfished breeds like Haddock?  So, they have the choice of mackerel here as well.  They advertise it in a bap, but I'm assuming you can go for it as your supper if you so please.My man and I decided that we would go mackerel next time, when we're a wee bit more with it.
4	This chippy has been in existence for as long as I can remember, and with good reason... when it's time for a deep-fried-dinner in Edinburgh this is where I'd go.
5	When I first started working on Dundas Street a few years ago, this became my local! I'm not saying i'm in there all the time but I do enjoy a fish supper or even just a poke o' chips now and again! :) It does make the walk home just so much brighter!This is a lovely, clean, establishment and the staff are so friendly and helpful. I know this place has won lots of awards and most people I know rave about it, so it's definitely built up a rapport!The haddock and chips and white puddings are divine and I love the fact they have a great selection of Italian wines and beers to peruse while you wait. The sister cafe/take away 'Anima' next door, is also a lovely lunchtime venue (though much slower service than L'Alba.A must- try if you're down this way in Edinburgh!
5	Not visited here for a while and it didn't disappoint. Year on year, its reputation is earned by perfectly cooked food and excellent service. Large succulent portions of fish in the crispiest batter, and a generous helping of proper chips.
4	This place is a bit of a legend in the Edinburgh fish and chips scene (is there even a scene?). It is basically a wee chip shop with a couple of stools you can perch on to eat your dinner. Works well indeed. There is also a load of old press clippings to keep you entertained as you order your grub.I went for the classic battered sausage supper. Served with a smile and banter, and consumed pretty quickly as it was a good battered sausage supper. Big portion size - couldn't finish it. Recommended as far as fish and chip shops go.
5	Excellent fish & chips. Best if you order your fish & chips cooked to order, wherever you go, and not take ones on the side already cooked. They offer a myriad of other fried foods, as well. You can also buy wine, beer, fizzy drinks, water, etc. and ice cream to take away with you. Or you can stay and eat in the small sitting bar area to the side. A very, very popular place. A top favorite.
3	I've been to L'Alba D'Oro a number of times and 'inconsistent' is the best description in my experience.When you get a good one, their fish suppers are as good as anyones; lovely fresh haddock in a light crisp batter paired with freshly-cooked crispy chips.  Delicious.  In these cases, you could probably buy anything from the menu and you'd be delighted with it.The problem is that too often I've had the opposite experience; lukewarm, soggy chips chips and fish which has been lying about for too long.  To be fair this tends to occur more often when it's quiet, but it shouldn't really matter what time you're ordering at.A good chippy, but I just wish it was a bit more consistent.
4	A must eat when in Edinburgh! Very tasty, large portions and super fast service. This also results in the vendors being rather swift and there's no time for chitchat, but that's not why you're here, is it? Not much room to sit inside, but that's not really a problem as you're welcome to sit in the pizzeria next door, which is the same business.
