3	They give discounts to locals when you show ID.  I have book a pedicure and hair cut on times when we have had guests in town and they want to gamble (and I didn't).  The spa is nice, people are friendly and you can take a glass of wine with you from the bar when you go up.  I've had my nails done about 4 times there.  This last time I felt I was rushed through in 30 minutes when I expected a full manicure I only got a buff and polish.  It was okay and I may give it another try.
2	The only reason why I tried out the spa was because there was a Groupon deal for a massage and facial. We were about 5 minutes late and the staff quickly rushed us through to get dressed for our session. My masseuse was a nice man who talked throughout the massage session. I was hoping for a quiet time to relax but he wanted a full on conversation. I complied but tried to close my eyes and phase out his talking as much as possible.I asked for a firm and hard massage but he went pretty light. I guess I might be more used to the masseuses who climb on your back and dig their heels into your back. Although it was relaxing, it was not up to par to that type of massages I would get for $20 in Garden Grove.The facial was good and she was a talker too. She gave me advice and quickly finished my session before time was done. The jacuzzi was nice but there was some form of a black mold on one half (according to my friend) and the sauna not as hot as other spas.I felt that the staff was rushing us through all of our sessions which made it difficult to relax. It was one appointment after the other and we had little time to sit back and relax between appointments. I will only be back if there is a great deal, otherwise, I will be at the Hard Rock Spa. That one is much nicer.
4	Another great find via travelzoo.  Hubby and I did a two night getaway and were in need of some Pampering.  The deal was too good to pass up, two services plus pool access for $99!  The spa is small but elegant.  There is a sauna and hot tub.  I indulged in a 50 min massage and a 50 min spa pedi.  The massage was relaxing and the pedi superb.  The chair was heavenly as well as the hot pack placed on your shoulders and neck.  My hubby went with the massage and express facial, he came out a shiny relaxed man.  Service is great here and you can find much needed tranquility.  The GN has had a major facelift done, renovated, we were pleasantly surprised.
4	I had a message with Stephanie.. she gave me a really good deep tissue massage. I love the fact that she took her time to make sure that it was what I wanted.  I will have to go back and see her in a few months because she really helped with my neck issue!  I loved the fact that I had the jacuzzi to myself for 1/2 an hour!
4	I recently went here using a Living Social deal. I got an hour deep tissue massage which was amazing. I can't remember the guy's name who did it but he was Filipino and it started with a 'M.'  I also got a 50 min pedicure which was really nice as well. The spa facilities were clean, the staff was very friendly, and I would go back for those same services. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars was that the spa waiting area only had about 4-5 chairs and they were in the same room as the lockers. Other spas have more of a 'relaxation room' to rest in before or between services. If you have a large group of girls going there wouldn't be room for everyone to chill out. Other than that- great experience!
5	I came here for the first time in November for my bday. I got a really good deal on groupon for a facial. The whole experience was awesome! I would most definitely recommend it to anyone!  I would say since your paying your money's worth I'd stay there all day if I was you. You aren't going to want to leave. Bring your swimsuit and workout clothes!
4	The Hubs and I treated ourselves to a spa day while staying at the Golden Nugget recently.  We found a deal on travelzoo and booked two massages and express facials.  The deal was an awesome price and now I can say very much worth the value.The decor inside the spa is nice.  The only thing I think it was lacking, was somewhere couples could sit and relax together.  The locker rooms were good and provide a hot tub and saunas, but there wasn't anywhere to be in the hot tub or pool with your significant other.  As far as the massage is concerned, we both had great ones.  I had a male masseuse for the first time and was expecting a female... there must have been some mix-up, but I just went with it.  He was great and my Husband enjoyed his experience as well.  The quick facial was also very pleasant... I only wish it was longer!All in all, I thought the service/enviornment was great.  I would go back again in a heartbeat... in fact, I wish I was there now!
5	Ted, Ted, Ted !! I am a super massage snob, I've had hundreds and been to a lot of great places in Vegas including the canyon ranch, Qua, and the Elemis. While those are great and have some pretty impressive facilities they are all lacking , Ted! My husband and I get a massage with him every time we go to Vegas and he never disappoints. He is professional, caring, and loves what he does. I always feel like a million bucks after his treatment and you will to!
5	The spa at the Golden Nugget was fabulous!! Jeff was my massage therapist and he was outstanding. I will definetly come again.
5	This spa was amazing! Mario is an amazing therapist, gave me an excellent deep tissue massage. The hot tub and sauna was exactly what I needed. Highly recommend this place!
2	Originally, I planned for just a day pass at $20, but changed my mind for a mani and pedi which was a great decision!  The mani = $35 & pedi = $65 + daily pass.  Plus, the spa specialist did a great job with the mani/pedi!  Unfortunately, the fitness center was a bit crunched with minimal space for the ballet bar and any yoga moves.  However, the pool is not associated with the spa.  Hence, instead of warning us ahead of time that nothing can be left in the locker room/taken out of the spa such as the robe, slippers, and spa towels, we attempted to leave 5 times w/5 warnings regarding the previously mentioned policies/procedures.  Thus, my cousin visiting from Kona was not happy and it made our visit a bit uncomfortable.  Overall, we were unable to visit the main pool because it closes at 5pm and because the spa and the pool do not have policies/procedures that choose to not work together to make their facilities better for the clients.  In conclusion, I may not return to this spa.
3	My sister and I both liked our massages.  We also thought that the people who work there work very hard to make this a positive experience.  However, the spa itself was disappointing.  The jacuzzi seriously needs to be either deep cleaned or grouted.  There were many areas that were black with mildew.  There is not a luxurious place to hang out like in other similarly priced Vegas spas.  My sister and I hug out in the locker room, which was well tended to, but otherwise a disappointment.  Highlights other than the people who work there, were the snacks and cucumber water, as well as the  chilled towels and sliced cucumbers in the jacuzzi area.    I hope they improve their facility because my sister and I both enjoy staying at the Golden Nugget hotel and would love to have a luxurious spa day when we do.
