4	Stopped in to try the different menu because it's a WingStop Sports.  New in the Vegas market and I was not disappointed.  I had the grilled chicken club and it was delicious along with the lemon pepper fries.  What was really impressive was how the staff continues to make sure your having a great experience.  You'll never have to get up for anything.  Sports, Wings, Alcohol and Great service-nuff said.
3	I am a happy camper since there is finally a wing place in the area. Awesome concept for Wing Stop, definitely trying to put that competitive edge to BWW. The inside is smaller than what is looks from the outside, but still pretty spacious with bar and dinning area. I ordered the boneless with buffalo and Parmesan garlic and side of Cajun fries. The buffalo was pretty standard, but from other Wing Stops I've had in the past this Parmesan garlic was just okay. The seasoning on the fries was rather strong and almost not good. As much as I want to like the food here I can't exactly say it was good and I'd come back again and again. Although I did have some left overs which tasted better the next day?! Kind of funny I thought. I will give them a few months to work out the kinks and hopefully the food comes out better. I for sure will order the wings since wings are always better than boneless anyway. On the plus side service is good as other Yelpers mentioned.
3	I like the garlic Parmesan chicken tenders and the coke machine with all the flavors. They are real friendly as far as service. I will be back.
5	This place is unlike the other wingstops in the valley, it's a more like a buffalo wild wings but not open 24 hours with 12 TV screens and a bar. Most people come here for the wings like myself, which I believe are hands down the best in town!! These wings are made to order, not like at Buffalo Wild Wings where they cook them ahead of time and place them in warming ovens - the sauce selection is not large compared to BWW but that is okay, since I like hot wings, I always get the original hot, extra wet!! The original hot is just hot enough for me but no too mild! They do have Cajan and Atomic Hot which is above Original Hot. If you are not into hot, they do have milder flavors including lemon pepper and hawaiian.How is the place like BWW you ask? They have an expanded menu that includes wraps, sandwiches and burgers! Plus a bar that have several beers on tap!One of my favorite foods is chicken wings and I am very confident that this place has the best wings in town!!  Give this place a shot, you will not be disappointed! I am not sure what Elizabeth or others are thinking but their reviews are WAY off base. Elizabeth seems to be basing her review on people asking her question, this place only opened up a few day before she posted her review - get over it, they want to make sure you are being taken care of plus they are new employees. My rating is based on 1) The quality of the food 2) The customer service 3) Atmosphere 4) Overall experience. I have been to wing cook off in the past - including the buffalo chicken wing festival in Buffalo, NY.
5	My friend and I stopped by to satisfy our craving for chicken wings. But we were quite blown away with the great customer service of this place! Jamal, the guy in charge of the dining area, made sure he took care of ALL of our needs and he was very friendly and helpful. He even threw away our trash and got napkins for us!! The whole place itself was exceptional, it was really clean and very spacious and had multiple tvs set to different sports. I will definitely come back again and recommend this place as my go to for great food and good vibes!
4	I've loved Wingstop since I first had it in Chicago. This location is really busy. Food is still just as good as u remember it back home.
4	Only reviewing the bar area.  I came here to meet a friend a catch a little March Madness.  Clean facility, wasn't that busy, and plenty of televisions to catch the sport event you want to watch. Staff is very friendly and helpful, but maybe a little bit too much?  They have a lot of employees working there than actual customers so you are being checked on a little too much.  They might be a little too quick to clear the table for you.  Just a minor correction that they could work on.  Its not a full bar, in fact we asked what kind of liquor they had and he responded Margarita's and Beer.  Ok, duh, I think I could of looked at the bar to realize that. LOL. So yes, its truly just Margarita's and Beer, a few available on tap.  Oh, as an FYI, if you are kind to tip your bartender and you are paying by Credit Card, they don't have a gratuity line on the receipt.  So if you do get the Just right amount of good service, bring cash to tip them.
2	This Wing Stop seems like it is trying to be a Buffalo Wild Wings and is failing. Dont get me wrong; I usually love the wings from Wing Stop and its a toss up on which I would like to eat at. I have eaten at several of the Wing Stop locations and have liked them all. Until this one... Service was o.k. They seemed a little slow but it is a lot bigger than their normal store fronts so I will give them that. But my gripe is the wings were nasty. We ordered three different flavors. Medium, hawaiian barbeque and atomic (which are our normal favorites) but they were all blah and seemed to have a ketchupy flavor to them. Hardly any seasoning at all. I really wanted to like this place as I knew my husband would love to continue coming here but neither of us liked the wings and will not be back. At least not to this location.
4	Okay...ladies and gentleman, when I was a child in high school I would go almost three or four times a week to that place with a Buffalo which has these "wild wings." I've grown up, I've matured and I'm now a loyal Wing Stop-er. In all honesty, I've been taken back by how much I have started to love this joint. I haven't been to any other one, so this is my review of this fairly new location conveniently near the UNLV campus, easy access coming from school. The place has a good size, I came here and watched a UNLV basketball game and the environment was just right. There's a bar for drinks and of course the wings.As soon as you walk on in, you are greeted with cheer. It doesn't feel like that greeting where they employees are forced to ask you how you're doing as part of their job description. I'm sure it's somewhere in there, but the times I've been there I've never felt like the welcome was never genuine. That is my humble opinion. This isn' necessarily a sit down and order restaurant, but you go on in and order at the front counter. The choices are endless, they have bone in wings, boneless wings and chicken tenders. Combos come with a side, usually a generous portion of fries or if you prefer fried mushrooms or pickles. It's all there. So you order at the counter and find your seat with a number, you wait for a fair amount of time and you are greeted by name with your food. The sauces I've had are lemon pepper, parmesan garlic, original hot, hickory smoked BBQ and mild. None of them have been a disappointment. The first time I came here, I'll say I wasn't the biggest fan of the boneless wings. There was little too much breading, but it didn't ruin my virgin experience. I say get the bone-in wings because the wings are big, they are bigger than that other place everyone's on the nuts of. Your meal COMES WITH ranch, and not small, dainty container but a generous portion of ranch as your dipping sauce. I'm in love with wing stop. It is my new abode for wings. I prefer this over any other wing joint I've had in a while, because I feel like I'm welcomed and of course they give you the bang for your buck. Eat here, enjoy some beer and don't forget to thank them so graciously as you leave. Because you'll be coming back.
2	This was crazy and caught me totally off guard.  I took pictures of the food it was not done the fries nor the chicken. How does a cook spend time in the kitchen and produce half done fries and half done chicken? Its beyond me. All the staff have a great attitude but on my first wing I thru it up. I bit into the wing chew chew it sprayed everyplace I was like omg this chicken is not done I was trying to spit it into a napkin but I threw up...it was sad. The cook came out asked if I was ok. Its like I blinked and the entire staff was at my side patting me in the back asking me if I was ok.                                  (IT'S SO NICE TO KNOW THEY CARE.)All I could say was its not done. The COOK said he was sorry he gave me napkins and I drank soda to make myself feel better. I took a wing and pulled it apart and sure enough it was raw on the inside very cold I invited him to have a feel and he was like oh wow I will cook more I was like no need I wont be eating here. But the cheese sticks were great! He told me he was not going to have it any other way so he went into the kitchen and made more chicken & fries. After 20 mins he was back at the table...Once at the table I took a sniff and pulled it apart and it was NOT done. He explained that he never had this issue before. And he was really sorry. He said he just could not explain why his chicken and fries looked done yet was not done. I was like thank you for trying but I'm going home. I looked at the husband and he told me his chicken was not done. I asked him why he ate it? His reply made me so mad. He said he was hungry and not willing to wait on them to cook him more chicken. You would think I don't  feed him at home or something.
2	I'm rating based off service and their food.   I've heard a lot of hype from my friends so I decided to give it a shot.  And I was utterly disappointed.    I ended up getting their 8 wing combo which came out to be little over $10, which is not bad.  Got two flavors:  Louisiana rub and garlic parm.  Order took a lil while, which I expected ( a lil over/under 10 mins albeit the place was pretty much empty but I kept thinking they make it fresh ).  Anyways my order arrived and immediately I noticed the order did not looked right.  I know Louisiana rub and what I got was NOT Louisiana rub.  So I proceeded to tell the server to get it corrected, he agreed said he'd never seen Louisiana rub like that ( the rub was non existant, pretty much they gave me oily wings with pepper and some salt ).  He went to the kitchen, spoke to the cook came back a few mins later and to my surprise told me okay here you go.  I was like the same ones?  He then said yup the cook says that's how it looks.    So I ended up unsatisfied.  Even my friend tried them,  said that does not taste like Louisiana rub.  In all a bad experience, the server tried, but the cook made it for a bad outing.  If I want wings I'll stick to BDubs, you can never go wrong with their Caribbean jerk or mango habanero...
2	Waaay overpriced - $17 with tax for 12 wings.  That's about $1.30 per wing.  Do they know it's a college campus?  I remember in the 80's when wings first took off you could get $0.10 wings - has the price of chicken gone up over 1,300% since then?Really greasy if you get breaded wings since they make the breading extra thick.  I guess it's to fool you into thinking that you got more food.The place was clean and the service was decent but I won't be heading back.
3	Wingstop is a pretty good spot for wings close to UNLV. To me its kind of like a fast-food version of Buffalo Wild Wings. You order off a board and and they bring the food out to ya, doesn't have a full bar but features a couple beers on tap/bottles and has a strong sports bar feel to it. Not sure why but this location seems to have ton of employees working (really just standing around) so service is pretty quick.You can pick from regular or boneless wings along with a couple different sauces/dry rubs. If wings aren't you're things they have some other stuff on the menu also, along with fried pickles, kinda random but worth checking out lol.I can't say much on the regular wings, not a fan of bone, but the boneless ones aren't bad. I kinda noticed that the breading was a little thicker than bdubs but still good. The wings are served wet, plenty of sauce/rub and are pretty big. Flavor range on their sauces is pretty standard, hot, medium, teriyaki, bbq, garlic parm, nothing unique Unfortunately for what the place is, its not cheap, about $10-12 bucks for a 8 piece combo with their soggy-ass fries and a drink. Overpriced for what you get and they still charge you a buck for ranch, smh... After lunch they have a daily "happy hour" specials that change each day, but they are pretty meh...Its not bad, but there are better places for wings. But hey.. they got that cool touchscreen soda fountain!
4	Thank you Manager Dana for the excellent customer service received on our first time at this location.  Absolutely love the Lemon Pepper Wings.  Delicious!
4	Pretty good bone in wings. They were cooked well with a nice crispy skin. Sauce was in the bland side. Boneless Chicken was good. No complaints about the food. Service was not great, the crew is still very new. Watch out for the add-on items. They charge for a side of celery, ranch sauce, and anything else they can think of. Good addition to the neighborhood.
3	Yes, we had Wing Stop for lunch.  And Yes, I am reviewing this place. Located near UNLV and in the same parking lot as Seafood City, Wing Stop is one of those places where they're known for just their wings and sports bar type feel.  We had lunch here because we wanted something quick, didn't want to drive too far from Seafood City, and needed some protein. There's protein in it chicken, right?  We ended up sharing 12 pieces of their boneless Garlic Parmesan chicken.  Taste wise was okay and this got me realizing that I should have opted for their plain boneless chicken.  Service wasn't bad, but the food did take a little longer than expected.  As for the restaurant, it's spacious with enough TV's playing ESPN.  My biggest issue, that was an immediate turn off for me, was the smell of mop water upon walking in.  A clean towel to wipe down the tables would have been nice, just saying.
4	I just recently found this place and I am so happy I finally gave Wingstop a try.  The prices are reasonable and the portions are big.  They even have a $5 lunch special every day from 11a-2p. The chicken is tasty and the sauces are yummy.  I have tried most of them so far and really enjoy the Louisiana Rub and the Garlic Parmesan flavors.    It is also a nice place to grab a quick bite to eat.  You can be in and out pretty quickly when you need to be.  If you like sports, there always seems to be something on the TVs.  It has a sporty vibe, but it isn't shoved down your throat either.  It is a fun place to eat.They have an email club that you can join on their website and get coupons emails pretty regularly as well.  I love a good coupon!
4	Great specials!!! I love the option of getting a beer instead of soda for a dollar more haha!!! Had to rush and eat but it's a great hang out spot and I will def go again!! I wish I had one closer to me because this will def be an addiction!! Haha
5	I love wingstop. I have always been a fan of wingstop and this is my favorite location. This location is at least 3 times as big as a normal location and I love the service too. My favorite flavor is the cajun. Spicy with good overall flavor.
5	I already love Wingstop, it's my favorite of the major wing places around.  This one however is extra special, it's a new Wingstop Sports.  Its basically like a sports bar similar to Buffalo Wild Wings.  This Wingstop has much larger space for seating, has a wider variety of food selections including burgers, appetizers etc.  The manager is also a really cool fun guy who has always been nice to my friends and I.  We used to know this guy when he was working at a different Wingstop in the Vegas area.  I don't know if it was luck, but my wings were larger than I think I have ever had from a Wingstop before and they are always good size anyways.  Tried the new Mango Habanero and those were delicious along with Cajun.  They also have the best ranch of any place period.  The place was in a busy area, kept very clean inside, and they have those new soda machines with like 1,000 flavor options so that was nice too.  For those into drinking they do serve alcohol as well.  Food was delicious, service was great.  We ordered online and it was all ready when we got there and still fresh and hot.  Very happy and will be bringing my family back with me the next time.
5	I've been a Wingstop fan for quite some time now.  My friends and I would got to the Green Valley Ranch location about once a week until it was closed down.  Then we started going to the Tropicana location (although not as frequently due to the location).  We recently found about this particular location on Maryland and wanted to give it a try.The manager, DJ, transferred from the Tropicana location.  He remembers our names (even though we only go a couple times a month these days) and is always welcoming and friendly.This location is a bit different than most Wingstop locations.  There is a bar area.  There is more seating than normal.  The walls are lined with TVs showing sports.  I like all these things.  At the other Wingstop locations I would feel cramped and would want to leave soon after finishing my meal.The wings I got on this trip were exceptionally large.  I've never had a problem with wing size at Wingstop and these were even bigger than usual.  I typically get the hot sauce which has a decent amount of kick.  The wings are never undercooked or overcooked and are quite tender and juicy.I love the ranch sauce.  It's thin without being watery.  Hard to explain, but it's perfect for going with the hot wings.They have TWO of the coke machines with the touchscreens.  I love those touchscreens, but people can be slow figuring them out.  With two of them there I hardly saw a line waiting for them.The only negative about Wingstop is the price.  A small soda, dozen wings, and a ranch cost me over $12.
5	Yet another restaurant that I'm surprised Yelpers have rated as average! Since I live on campus, I was looking for somewhere close to satisfy my wing craving. I'm used to Buffalo Wild Wings, but it's too far out of the way. I'm so glad I stumbled upon Wingstop!!The prices are about what you'd think for wings, but the difference is that the wings are bigger than normal! I get the boneless teriyaki, and they have been absolutely delicious each and every time (plenty of sauce, but still a wonderful crunch to the chicken!!). The fries are also really good, they use some kind of sweet and salty seasoning. Sometimes they aren't as crisp as I would like, but still pretty darn good. They also have the new touch screen Coke machines in there, so it's nice to have so many options for a drink!The only negative thing about the restaurant would be that it's a bit crowded with the tables, but if you pick a spot along the wall it's not bad at all.
2	Having been here 5-10 times, the service and the food has always been fantastic. That is until tonight. My friend and I split the Manager's 15 piece special, and I was feeling great until I started eating my boneless teriyaki. I started feeling nauseous, and only finished half of my meal. Within half an hour of being home, I threw up my meal. I can't remember the last time (if ever) that has happened to me. My friend also has had 3 "unpleasant" trips to the bathroom.... I hope I am the only one who gets physically sick. Anyway, I am incredibly disappointed, I hope no one else has had this experience. But it will be a while till we try this restaurant again I'm afraid.
1	Never have had a problem with Wingstop before until going to this location. First I was annoyed when the boy taking the orders told us mango habanero was not available for whatever reason. Then he only gave us one drink with our 10 strip combo & we usually get two drinks. Then I sat down to wait for my food and one of the bus girls proceeded to tell me I couldn't sit at the table I was sitting at because it was "closed". Closed? Really? But the table next to mine isn't closed? Hm, okay. Then throughout the rest of our meal the girl was moving around tables and mopping. I get that you are closing in an hour or so but moping next to people eating is never okay. I will not be going to this location again.
1	Before I say anything the food Wingstop sells is amazing. I'll continue to eat it, just not at this location. I normally go to the one on Nellis and Stewart. They never mess my order up and they're really friendly. It wasn't till this month that I started going to this Wingstop location on Maryland parkway. Again food was great however the customer service I experienced had to be the worse I've ever dealt with in my LIFE!!! I placed my order through the app around 8 pm for pick up at 11:15 pm. I get to Wingstop at exactly 11:13 pm hoping for my food that I had order 3 hours ahead of time. I give Arcoiris my name and I let her know that I'm there to pick up an order. She then says "we don't have anything under your name" I  tell her I placed it over the app. She then knew what I was talking about and told me that order was scheduled to be picked up at 11:15 to which I said "fine I'll wait a minute then" it was then when Arcoiris realized she had fucked up and never placed my order. Even though she had the form right next to the register with a huge note that said place at 11 pm. So now I'm there waiting for my food like an idiot. I didn't get an apology or anything, not even a cup of water. Then once I finally had my food I checked it and  missing 3 rolls so I had to wait another 5 minutes by the time I left Wingstop it was 11:50. I was going to give them a bad review then but I figured I give them a second chance and I did yesterday and same shit horrible service I'm not even going to bother writing about it. All that matters which I find funny is that I learned that Arcoiris the girl who had fucked up my order a week ago is a supervisor!!! So she should of known better the first time. I found out because the girl that rang us up tonight was having issues with our order and had to call her supervisor. Who happened to be her. Anyways never going back here and I don't plan on recommending this place to anyone EVER. If you guys want Wingstop go to any other location.
3	The food is good but they take FOREVER at this location. I've received much faster service at other locations. It's as if they have one cook in the back and 5 people on the floor. Management can you please staff appropriately. Still sitting here and it's been 20 minutes
5	Haven't had the wings yet, I will post review for that shortly, however I just place my carry out order and I must say the gentleman on the phone was great! Very polite and perfect customer service! Excited to finally try the wings!
1	Maybe should have a little bit of common sense when dealing with great customers. False accusations are a fast way to lose business.
1	Customer service fails!!! We place the order by telephone, order was 12 chicken strips, fries, beans, two blue cheeses, and an order of cheese sauce. After spending the 15-20 minute drive there and back each way (obviously not one in my area) open the sack only to find the sauces missing. What is the meal without the sauce. Called to complain, placed on hold, even spoke up and said I didn't want to be on hold because I had an order problem. On hold anyways. Hung up, called back and again said I had an order problem, the manager, Shawn, Swan or something said that the only thing hw would do is give me free sauce the next time I came in... What? No I'm not satisfied by getting free sauce that I have already paid for on my next visit. A bigger attempt at a discount or comp would have been the only way I was going to be satisfied. My meal was not complete. Very disappointed!!!!
5	This place is nice and relaxing, prices are good and service too!! This wi be my new wings/finger spot and that's with out mentioning that PBR beer is only one dollar every day!!! Cheers!!!!
3	This may not be my favorite Wingstop location but it's still very good. The staff is nice, the food is fresh and I haven't had any troubles with my orders.  The lemon pepper is very lemony but lacks other flavors like the pepper that follows it's name or even salt. So far that's been the only flavor I didn't care for. The fries are my favorite style where they leave bits of the skin on. Wingstop is far better than the Wings chain that seems to have fizzled out over the years. All in all this is a good place to get wings nothing special.
5	A friend and I decided to go out for wings he suggested to go to wingstop, I have never been to wingstop before and for it being my first time it was actually pretty good! We ordered the dinner for two got the Traditional wings with original hot sauce and Cajun it's was a lot better than I expected not to mention the fries! Those fries are no joke pretty effin good if you ask me! This place seemed pretty chill and would definitely come back :)
3	$1 beer was nice, but wing was  hard as rock, I asked if this was harder than usual but they said that was the one I should enjoy...  not for me.
4	This Wing Stop is huge and conveniently located near UNLV and their wing special on the Tuesday that we went was awesome and totally worth every dollar. They have lots of large TVs for sports viewing needs  We came in a big group and they were able to accommodate us surprisingly well. We ordered 3 of the 24piece wing specials that comes with 1pitcher of beer, mozzarella sticks, carrots and celery. And on all 3 orders of the 24piece wings we were able to get different sauces for each set of orders. They made the ordering process easy and it didn't take too long for the food to come out  despite it was a busy sports night during the  basketball playoffs and we were a large group. Get 4 stars coz even though it's way bigger than most wing stops... Place still feel really packed and crammed... But that's expected from a sports bar.
3	I've only ever gotten takeout here. Wings & fries are really delicious and I like that they have the soda machine with 100 different sodas. Employees were very nice. Only got three stars because the last time I was here, I got really sick. :( I haven't had any food from here since, but I might give it another try sometime.
5	I love Wing Stop.  I discovered this place when I lived in Texas and then was unable to have them for several years... but no more!This is the closest location to my house and it's still about 15 minutes away (all streets) but damnit, I love this place.  I ordered about 25 wings (4 different flavors) and two sides of fries online on a Wednesday night and the site said 20 minutes.  Honestly, I didn't believe it.  But I drove over there and it was actually being bagged as I walked in the door.Awesome. Just awesome.  Easy parking, super-friendly staff, very clean location and it looked like they had some great dine-in specials with beer.Online they had a special for 60 cents per boneless wing, minimum 5, which is pretty good in my opinion.  I don't know if this is a consistent thing or not.The french fries had much less sugar than I was used to, which certainly made me sad but they were still good with their delicious ranch sauce.Their Louisiana rub packs quite a punch!  I think it's by far the hottest - Atomic is a joke compared to it.  Their Teriyaki is also still on point, and their BBQ was good to try once but I'm just not a huge fan of BBQ on chicken wings (I got some because I was sharing with friends who had never had Wing Stop).I can't wait to go again.  I'm literally salivating at the thought while I type this.  n_n
3	This wing stop is a Wing Stop SPORT. It has a large amount of HD TVs and a full bar. It was a great place to stop and watch the game, but it seemed like it was poorly managed. One of the soda machine  was broken, the bathroom did not have soap dispensers, but instead it had a cup of liquid soap to use. They also didn't have any napkins, just rolls of paper towels for you to rip off of.  The prices are fair and the chicken fingers were very good, but the fries were extremely salty. They also gave me the wrong number and almost threw my good away because they couldn't find me and the number they assigned to me... This place is great for some wings, but could've definitely used a little improvement on management and staffing.
3	I do usually love this place but man, this time the fries were soggy and wet looking in oil and so were the wings. They also took FOREVER to bring us our food, which considering there were maybe 4 groups of ppl total in the joint, is pretty ridiculous. They do have on tap... Blue Moon, PBR, Modelo, Newcastle & Bud light$1 PBR pints, $5 ppitchers!They have a bunch of bottles too ass well ass wine by the "glass". No liquor though.Almost forgot to mention the coolest feature Wing Stop has to offer...They have one of those soda machines that has over a hundred unique soda flavors. Example, they have vanilla Sprite, peach Sprite, cherry Mello Yello, cherry vanilla Dr Pepp to name a few,Update:My brother-in-laws wing finally came out and, although also taking a while, they were way bigger & better cooked. He got the Louisiana rub. Great flavor and good bite.There's a grip of T.V's too.
1	I ordered an 8 piece boneless meal. 3 Cajun, 5 hot Togo. What I got was 4 Cajun and 4 mild, which were also incredibly dry. Not happy at all.
1	Worst service ever. I went on a night where everyone's order was wrong. They were so slow.
1	This place blows! They are slow and the always get my order wrong, seriously how hard is it to get an order right? It's been 3 times in a row now.
4	I enjoy this location over the rest in Vegas. It's decently sized so you actually have room although the tables are a bit close to each other it's bigger then the rest of the local WingStops. The service is typically good never had any problems. The one thing I can say is that it's FREEZING in here. I mean you really can sit back and enjoy your meal when your beyond cold. My son stopped eating halfway through our meal and asked to go outside cause he was so cold. We get it Vegas is HOT but the temperate of a dining area should be at a decent degree. To warm or to cold just makes customers feel out of place.
4	This place has the BEST wings!  They are huge, crispy and the sauces and dry rubs are fantastic!  Plus, they have Sunday ticket and show every game, happy girl here!  They have great customer service and ask if you need anything else even though it's a fast casual set up.  Just an FYI, that it was FREEZING inside!  They did turn the air up upon request but it was still really cold.  I also wish they had better napkins than the paper towel roll, it's not very helpful with saucy wings (and they are scratchy on my girly face).
4	I only wish this place was closer to me! Fast service. Like that this is a sport bar concept Wing Stop. One negative- have to pay for extra dips, like Ranch.
4	Our family's go to wing place. Stopped by last night and ordered our usual family pack: 30 pcs lemon pepper wings, large fries and veggie sticks. Service was prompt though the place was hopping due to Sunday night football. It's such a  casual and relax place to hang out with the family, the hooting and grumbles of fans adds excitement to the place without being too rowdy. All in all a solid place to chill at if you're craving delicious wings and a sports fan.
4	This location is larger then most and the service is better too. It has 10 TVs and a bar. Good spot to watch Monday night football.
3	The lemon pepper wings are my favorite. This location set up is really good to watch sports game. I still think it's very over priced and the fires are a little soggy.The soda machine is the best machine ever!
3	The atmosphere here is great, people are nice and it's clean inside only downside is that the boneless lemon pepper wings we ordered were extremely salty.
