4	This was my first time dinning at Pita Pit. The setup reminds me of a Subway, you order your pita sandwich or salad & then proceed to the assembly area to choose toppings. Their sandwiches are served wrapped in pita bread & they have a large selection of sandwiches to choose from. They also have a good selection of veggies, cheeses & sauces to choose from. Vegetarian options in the Nortera Shopping Center area are few & far between. Pita Pit is not a vegetarian restaurant by any means, however they do have several veggie pita sandwiches. The Hummus Pita tasted really good! The toppings & the pita bread seemed very fresh. While the pita could have been filled with more hummus & veggies, the size was probably sufficient. I will definitely be back to try some of the other options.
3	Subway style creation of pita sandwiches (select your toppings as they make your sandwich in front of you, through a glass window with latex gloves, of course).  Customization is better than I thought.  I've forgotten how many times I have to amend a falafel pita sandwich when I order it elsewhere.Yes there are vegetarian options, but only if you don't mind the falafel or other veg ingredients on the same skillet right after they prepare someone else's beef.
1	Didn't like this place at all. Portions too expensive and one of my workmates said that his pita (cost him $7) felt more like a McDonalds snack wrap than a full sized sandwich. He got the buffalo chicken pita. I got the babaghannoush one. The menu said that it has eggplant. Now I KNOW that babaghannoush *contains* pureed eggplant but the way it was written led me to believe that there was going to be some fried eggplant or something in it. No such luck. Next, I'm called over with "Sir, I can help you over here" as though I hadn't given my order yet. My bad, I didn't realise that next up it was Subway time. Agnieszka the eastern bloc ESL preparer asks me "white or wheat?" and then dollops some babaghannoush on the pita and asks if I want "side items". I asked for some mushrooms and onions. Then she tucks it together and I'm like - oh, wait, that's ALL I'm getting? Cold, too. No toasting option. Basically six bucks for a snack wrap, and both of us were still hungry after. Avoid this place. If you ever want a decent pita meal, you cannot go wrong with "The Greek Wraps" (http://www.yelp.com/biz/greek-wraps-peoria) - get a chicken shawarma wrap with some dolmas and falafels - badaBING! (throws fist in the air emphatically) And if you want Subway style, just go to any given Mr Goodcents and get a whole original. This place is a poor man's mix of both.
4	I love pita pit the food is always fresh and the size of the pita is huge, the dude below whom "throws fist in the air emphatically" must weigh around 350 or so or is just retarded to confuse the size of a large pita and a mcdonalds snack wrap. The pitas are big and worth the money then again u can get like 6 snack wraps for the same price but those are crap. Oh yeah and no toasting option . . . ? Who cares haha
5	Pita Pit shits on all other franchise sub shops. I mainly eat salads not subs, and this is my favorite place to go for lunch in the area. The meat they use is high quality, and they grill it immediately before putting into a salad or pita. There are many toppings to choose from, and they are generous with portions. Here's what I usually get:club (bacon, ham, turkey)spinachgreen pepperonionblack olivespineapple cucumberfetahoney mustardI love it. My coworkers and I go every Thursday because the lady who is working during lunch that day is very nice and makes the best pita/sald! Try this place out!
4	I agree with some of the other reviewers, it is a lot like Subway.  But I am partial to pita bread and subway so it was all good.  We sat outside and ate while listening to a musician who happened to be playing in the courtyard.  I would suggest not getting the meal combo which included chips, we did, and could not eat the chips because the pita was filling enough on it's own.   We will be going back.
4	Great place to grab a quick bite to eat! All pitas are made in front of you and they have a large selection of toppings! Everything from your normal olives, onions, green pepper, to hummus, ranch, bbq sauce, pineapple, sprouts. Staff is always friendly and there pita's always taste great! Try the club or buffalo chicken, they are my favorites.
5	Love this place, always get the Light Mediterranean and it's great, very filing but without a heavy feeling...sort of lime eating a Subway sandwich but tastier.
2	It's no Pita Jungle, but Pita Pit it's an okay place to grab a bite to eat in Happy Valley. Their selection is kind of small, but they let you create your pita (kind of like Subway). The service is really friendly, and generally they're not that busy (at least when I go about mid-day). Other than letting you customize your pitas, there's not much else special about Pita Pit. Taste/Flavor factor is maybe a 2 out of 5 stars. Portions that I've gotten are fairly large, but I've heard of people not getting that big of a pita before.So, Norterra...when are you going to get a Pita Jungle?! Seriously.
2	Ok, if Subway is busy. Just too darn expensive for pitas!I've been here a total of three times now, and each time I came away feeling like $8 (pita and a drink + tax) is too much for what you get. Yesterday was my last trip here. I had a babaganoush and my son had a hummus. There was NO WAY they spread more than 1.5oz. on each. Plus, the babaganoush had no distinguishing flavors of eggplant nor garlic, requirements of a good babaganoush. My 8yo son was starving after eating his hummus pita and asked for another. We decided to pickup some 'filler' at Subway.On the up side, everything is fresh and the have a moderately good selection of sauces and extras.If you do decide to go, go for some meat. At least you have a better chance of filling that growing tummy.
4	HUGE salads.  You can have your pita without the bread and eat it too!  The roast beef here is GREAT. I came in at lunch and it took forever to get thru the line. Order was taken quickly, but then to actually get to my order took like 15 minutes, and by then she had forgotten what I ordered.But... the salad I got was worth it.
5	I found the food great and the staff was awesome and attentive. I just dropped in with 10 other friends at the heart of lunch rush and they did not bat an eye. But foremost the food (Philly Cheese Pita) was incredible!
5	Great pita's! They have a ton of toppings to choose from and sauce's. Great place for a quick bite. I wish I would have found this place sooner.
1	This is being filtered for some reason that I do not understand, but it is 100% true and accurate. I truely have never been treated so rudely in my life, and by the owner herself. Obviously coupons bother the new ownership. I had a fundraiser coupon, which I had to pay for, for a buy 1 get 1 free up to 5.99 value. My wife, son, and I ordered 3 pitas, all valued at about 6.75. We were told we couldnt order these, we had to chose from the 3 out of about 15 choices on the menu that were under 5.99. When we explained we would pay the difference to get what we wanted, we were told with a major smart ass attitude that we needed to "read" the coupon, it clearly states we must order something 5.99 or less. Again I asked if we could pay the .75 difference and order our $15 dollars worth of food, she explained that she was the owner, and she would not allow me to get what I wanted and chose to let us leave instead. She laughed with the other employee as I stood outside. 75 cents to lose a customer for life, and believe me, this is the first of the bad reviews and the tell a friend campaign I will be on from now on. Great business decision. I went to Greek Pita across the way in Norterra and had a great meal with excellent service and happy, not nasty, people.
1	No flavor... Don't waste your time here, just head to pita jungle.
1	These people have always been terribly rude, the service is terrible and the food has always been mediocre. The nail in the coffin came when I saw an employee drop a pita on the floor, pick it up(I kid you not), and make a pita out of it. I will never eat here again.
5	This place is the perfect lunch spot!  They get you in and out quickly.  Today was my 3rd or 4th time here and I highly recommend it.  The gyro pita is by far my favorite!  The ingredients are very fresh.  You get a very large amount of food for the money.  They have a variety of healthy choices if you choose those.  Like them on Facebook to see what the $3.99 deal of the day is!
5	I was skeptical about this place, but I love it now. So many tasty options! I really like the veggie pita, they have a lot of good veggies for it.
1	I would like you to know how upset I am with the franchise located at the Nor-terra shops, 2510 W Happy Valley, Phoenix az 85027. Last Night i took my family to the Movies at Nor-terra, after the movie we sat outside the store and we were going to go into your store to grab a bite to eat but we were waiting for someone. One of my sons (3years old) had to go to the restroom so I had my other son (16) take him into pita pit to go. I watched him take him in then when he was coming back out the guy in the store started harassing them for using the bathroom and not buying anything, as my son was trying to explain he started cursing my sons out so loud that I heard him from outside. I ran into the store and got in his face asking him what he thought he was doing cursing at my sons, he proceeded to curse me out and tell me to get out of his store or he would call security, I told him to do so and i would tell security how he treated his customers and I would contact his manager, he said he is the manager and nobody is going to tell him how to treat his customers and told me to get the F out of his store. I am a business owner myself and I can even fathom why someone would treat their customers in this manner. I will never eat at any pita pit again, nor will I ever recommend it to any of my friends. I am also going to go onto yelp, google, yellow pages and every other rating site to tell my experience with this Pita Pit. GO TO PITA JUNGLE 4 DOORS DOWN, THEY KNOW HOW TO TREAT A CUSTOMER!!!!!!!!!
2	Not impressed.I've been to this place twice. The first time they opened about 20 mins late (which seems to be the norm because I had passed by at another time to find them not open when their sign says they should be). The food was fine, but the staff seemed to care less about my business. On my most recent visit there was no one upfront to give my order to when I arrived until some other customers raised their voice to let them know they had another customer. The girls working, once again, seemed to care less about my business and made it seem as though I was bothering them by giving them my order. Quite frankly, Subway's staff seems to know how to create a positive experience. I think I will spend my money where the people appreciate their customers.
5	My wife and I love this place.  Yes, you'll pay eight bucks for a pita, but, they're farging huge.  And, they're delicious.  I do wish they had a small size.  That way, my tiny wife would be able to finish hers, and I could get two different ones.  Tons of options, you can get a different pita every timeI was surprised by so many reviewers complaining about rude service.  We've always been treated really well.  We've had a few awkward, less-than-adequately-trained employees, but we've always got what we wanted (no that one...a little more please...perfect!).A few reviewers also compared Pita Pit's food with another place a short distance away.  The other place is a nice sit-down restaurant with good food (things you can't get at Pita Pit) and great service.  But, my wife and I both like Pita Pit's pitas better.
5	This is a quick, healthy lunch spot that I love! I like how they will grill the veggies for you. Or you can get a cold pita too. They have Mediterranean options as well as things like a buffalo chicken pita (my personal fav!)
1	Love pitas and was looking forward to try pita pit. I  usually not to picky about the service. But that place left me speechless. The girl behind the counter, her name is Melanie, had not only the worst attitude, she was the rudest person ever. And she was not even trying to hide it. I didn't feel like that in awhile. Definitely not coming back. Ever.
