1	I feel so much angst and irritation when leaving here.. not sure why I even bother. They TOTALLY screw you on your game trades.. their retail prices are FULL RETAIL.. so their prices suck.. the kids behind the counter are generally douche bags. However, what am I going to do with the games I don't play anymore? Let them become clutter around here.. oh hell no! They'll all go to Game Stop so I can have something to complain about! OMG, I sound like my mother!
1	Last night my fella and I were in the area eatin' some YC's and picking up some household junk at Target.  Afterwards we decided to go next door to the GameStop.This store is really horrible!  The moment we stepped in the door we were leeched onto by the two guys working there.  These dudes were trying so hard to make a sale and it got me annoyed quickly.   They kept following us around, recommending games they hadn't even tried for themselves... just pulling random crap from the shelves.All Gamestop's new games are marked full retail price, and that makes them $5-10 more than games sold at Target or Best Buy (in the same plaza).  The moral of the story is, if you need a new game, don't go here.
1	With the internet as big as it is now, how is Gamestop still even in business? If you want to get ripped off on your trades/purchases on new/used games then go ahead and come here. It's Scottsdale! Anything goes!
1	Let's imagine we are writing something for an Internet dating site for a minute. Obviously, unlike most people on Internet dating sites we are actually going to be honest. Top Two Turn Ons:1. Getting that super sexy 'I've been swindled' feeling. Yes, I totally dig paying 10-20% more than I should, and find exquisite delight in the gamer version of 'Catholic Guilt'. In fact, going to the poor house is soundly embedded in all aspects of my current and future financial planning. 2. Emotional games, I just can't get enough of the totally pushy sales hot shoulder approach and/or the total screw you, you don't exist cold shoulder attitudes. I don't know if your going to hump my leg like an overzealous puppy or douse me with lighter fluid and go with the burn baby burn approach, but I love the total honesty of how you let your feelings show.If either one of these remotely describe your turn-ons then look no farther because Game Stop is your totally awesome perfect match! You will be poorer, pushed around, and abused at times but each of us has our own ideas of happiness and I wish you the best.
4	A standard issue Game Stop - small, nice, clean, good selection. The sales person was knowledgeable an pleasant, and they had both items we came in to buy. They sell most things at suggested retail price, but it's nice because you can trade in games that you're tired of.  It's definitely a small, spendy place, but for video game fans (and their loved ones), it's a haven :-)
4	why does it always smell like frickin B.O. in that place? LOL!!
1	Bad overall customer service. Target is next door, better off going there to pick up games.
