4	For those that change their own oil, O'Reilly offers used oil recycling.  This store seems kind of small, but they pack a lot of supplies into it.  I've had no problem so far finding any parts or supplies that I need for my car, and service is friendly.
5	After the insane cold spell Phoenix has been under it finally killed my battery. I work in Tempe so after work one day I trekked on over to the good ol' Oreilly Auto Parts store and got myself a new battery. The staff was very helpful and accommodating. They lent us a few tools so my boyfriend could remove the dead battery, lord knows I wasn't about to try to do it, and hooked us up with a  great price.I noticed they have other handy dandy offerings, like do it yourself oil change kits, for the boyfriend of coarse, again, I am not doing that myself. I might be a self sufficient woman, but beyond changing a tire that is about as far as I go. Great store, great service, I will be back.
2	This makes me sad to write this because I have always been a fan of Oreilly's back in Oklahoma.  Let me start off with the staff. They are very nice and friendly and really do try.  The problem is they don't know how.  They aren't trained whatsoever.  There is a woman manager who would not allow one of the staff to jump my car so I had to have my car towed.  They told me it was because I had a bad alternator.  I paid to have it towed and it turns out they just needed to clean my battery cables.  Another time employee was helping me with my car and he set the alarm off. The owner before disarm the sound and so  I didn't know what was happening (my lights were just flashing) and he did not either. He just told me he was so sorry and needed to have my car towed.  He then walked away.  Didn't even try to help it start.  Just kept saying he doesn't know and that he is sorry. I have had my car towed three times and  every time it was such a simple fix. Literally have all been so easy my tea cup pug could have fixed it.  If you want friendly staff, go here, if you want your car to get fixed, I recommend another location.*this is the Oreilly's off of Southern and mill in Tempe. AZ.
3	Let me start by saying this is from two different visits together and would have been a 4 star review easily if the first visit had not been so poor. I came in needing some back breaks and a fog light. I don't have much knowledge with cars or anything so I mentioned this right away. I believe the person helping me was Brian (possibly Ryan?). Anyways when asking him which bulb I needed I explained to him it's on the front of the vehicle at the bottom. He asked me if it was the fog light or the headlight. I re-explained to him I wasn't sure and that my car is out front if he would like to come take a look at it. Just kinda blew it off and said it must be the headlight. He gave me the number for the light and I went and found it.  While in line waiting to check out I wanted to get a head start looking up how to change the light. When it's my turn to be rung up I have a picture of my model car and figure I might as well show him the picture to double check this was the right light. I point out the light and he gives me this stare as if I am just the biggest pain in the world. He then tells me it is the fog light and that I need a different kind of light, before looking it up though he suggest we go out to my car and point it out just to make sure (what I had suggested in the first place!) he reiterates a couples times it is just the fog light, going inside to grab one. So I get rung up and check out. When I get home turns out my brother already bought the light as he was planning on fixing it. I was at the southern location because my girlfriend lives close to there, I however live at cooper and ray. So I go to return the part to the oreilys next to my house, turns out he rang me up for the headlight not the fog light he sold me. So they suggested I go to the location I bought the parts from and they could help me. Back to the store on southern it is. When I get there, there are three people. The same guy who helped me a manager and a lady working. I go to the lady first and explain the scenario. Since the man who was helping me out at first is there  she suggest I wait in line for him. I don't know if he recognized me or not as it was only two days later. He got asked by his manager to go pick some stuff up from another store and seemed more then happy to pass me on to the manager and leave. (I don't know if he actually recognized me though in fairness, he may have been in a hurry.) Now the manager is helping me. I explain everything to him and he is fantastic. Helps me in every way double checks info with me to make sure I am getting EXACTLY what I needed. He was amazing in helping me. If I could rate the store from the first employee it would only be a two star rating. How ever the other person helping me did so well I would give him a 4 star or so rating. So it's not really fair putting the store down that much from the one. I am disappointed to know I will be avoiding that store because of said employee, and I like oreillys. So all in all most employees are great.Try avoiding Ryan(Brian?) and you should be set! Sorry for the length but I wanted to be thorough and get the whole picture for people.
1	Worst store I've been too!  Waited in line for 15 minutes while the too girls answered phones, had the same 2 customers at the register and clicked around on the computer.  While a customer is on the phone trying to diagnose their electrical problem with a friend, help the next person in line.  They didn't even acknowledge the 5 people waiting in line to buy something.  I'm looking right in the window now and there's no one at the register and more customers.  I walked out of there and would never recommend this store.  They had the parts I need now so I came here but I'll stick to ordering online instead.
