2	I'm not sure where to start...-two stalls for the women's bathroom meant lines every time that I went inside-sure, the drinks are cheap but did I really need to wait 20 minutes to get noticed?  and when, I did, my order got messed up, weak drinks and when I asked for a drink on the rocks, my cup was barely 1/3rd full-and WHAT was up with the lights being on at a club...it was so bright that I could see everyone's pores and certain Asian glows
2	Ambiance is fine, and it's what you expect from a campus bar.  The only thing that I want to say is that the staff can drop the attitude.  They're working or owning a bar that is in Champaign, just bring down your pretentiousness and you'll be fine.  Don't try to be a cool lounge, that's not what college, esp. U of I, is about.  If you get over that fact and your staff stop being a**holes, you'll have alot more people going.
1	the woman who i think is the manager is a major b**ch.  i don't have a student id anymore b/c i've already graduated.  i went back for a sorority reunion and they wanted to charge all of the alums without a student id $15 cover.  i asked why they would do that when WE'RE the ones old enough to buy alcohol.  finally they relented,  but the woman at the door snarked, "You could at least thank me for letting you in."  oh my god, thank you for letting me in to your establishment to spend money here.  drinks were WEAK and service a bit slow.  bartenders were friendly at least.  they have large booths, so it's good for groups.  expect to see a lot of dry humping, which is unfortunate since this is comparatively a really well lit bar.
4	Asian?  Welcome!  Not Asian?  Awkward.  Seeing as how I'm Asian, I love it here (not racist here, honest)! =PEver since Joe's became Slut Central, the Asian community elected Fubar as the new "It" place to hang out on weekends.  They don't have a designated dance floor here, but there's enough room between the bar and booths to break out a move or two.  Minus one star for the fact that, sadly, there is typically a cover of around $5 on weekends, it's hard at times to get the bartender's attention, and I find their drinks to be a tad on the weak side, but a good selection of music (if you're in the mood to dance), great atmosphere, and dollar tequila shots to make up for that!  Plus, you're probably pre-gaming anyway, so the sometimes weaker drinks probably aren't going a big problem to begin with!
2	Unfortunately at one time in my life, I was perfectly happy to come to Fubar and blow $150These days, I realize what a complete dump Fubar is in terms of drinks, service, ambiance, and general clientele.Waiting on a segregated bar side (always seems to be an Asian, and a non-Asian side???) for a bartender whose eyes are everywhere but waiting customers is pretty lame. Add to this horrible drinks with non-descript names (a "Fubar" shot? Realllyyy?) and a general feeling that I have somehow wandered into a horrible bodypacked container of gangsta wannabe Asians makes me even more glad I moved on to discover places like Boltini Lounge and The Blind Pig.For all you kids who arn't 21 yet, at least go to SoMa where you can PRETEND to be classy and get served.
3	One of my regrets from my time at school was that I made it to every campus bar save one: Gully's.  Well, from what I heard about that place, it wasn't a big loss.  BUT, I have been to Fubar a couple times.  The place was a lot more chill before...wide open area with large tables at which to sit and get some late night eats.I went back this past weekend and it had changed a lot.  There was a line, but it wasn't too bad.  It was pretty packed, but not really any designated dance area.  Rather than one big central bar, there was a small one in front and a bar in the back.  Even though someone I was with knew one of the bartenders, it took forever to get a drink.  I think it was because they weren't keeping track of when people got to the bar and just served whoever was closest to them.It wasn't really that bad, and they at least provide something that kind of fills the void that Tonic left behind.  There's a lot more that could be done though to make it better. And what's with the name?  Sounds clubbish, but also has some bad connotations.  Good job.
1	Update time! So if you look at the sign outside, you'll notice that the name is split up so it has "FU" above the word "BAR".Yes. This bar gives a big ol' "FU" to its patrons.Came here Friday night for a weekend of visiting my old haunts and catching up with some friends.  The night started off well enough...the front bar was closed, but we were all chilling and having some good convos and such in the back.Then a bunch of other people rolled in, filling up the half of the bar we weren't using. That's cool.Not cool? When the bartender is obviously friends with that half. I mean, sure, serve your friends. But how do you not even TURN AROUND. I'm feeling like an idiot waving my money when you can't even do something as simple as scanning the bar.  I'd never experienced anything like it...I've waited a long time for a drink, but when you don't even TURN AROUND, how will I ever get served?You deserve the angry as hell note I wrote on my receipt as I closed my tab, and Fubar deserves less than the one star I'm giving it.
