3	Banh Xeo. Which was basically a crepe filled with a stir-fry mixture of bean sprouts, pork and shrimp fragrant in spices. A pretty unique dish, as with the Bo Ba Muon, this one requires eating with your hands as well, not to say that one normally eats with their feet, but you know what I mean.
4	A clean, friendly Vietnamese neighborhood restaurant.  I went for my typical V-meal and got spring rolls and Pho Bac.  Both were excellent.  You're not going to win over a date with this place - unless you have been together for a while and are pretty comfortable with each other and like casual.  But you will have a good, inexpensive meal.  All of the diners appeared to be locals, happily munching away on real Vietnamese cooking.
3	Okay bun, but the sauce was very sweet. The imperial roll was like an egg roll. Although the service was nice and they let us substitute chicken for pork on one of the dishes.
5	Best Vietnamese food in the city!  I go all the time, and it is a good thing I don't live closer or I would be there every day!  The barbeque pork is the best.  #22 comes with the pork, some shrimp chips and these beautiful wide rice noodles that are soft and delicious! I like taking a little of everything and putting it on a shrimp chip and dunking it in the fish sauce.  The beef in vine leaves is amazing.  You wrap up some meat and veggies with the rice vermicelli in a rice paper and roll them up yourself.  The peanut sauce is not typical peanut butter sauce (and that is a good thing!)  It has chunks of peanuts and is a little bit spicy.  Wonderful!The wonton soup is amazing, with fluffy wontons and garlic chives in their amazing broth.  The combos come with a great little soup, a crunchy imperial roll and the best grilled chicken I have ever eaten.  The beef is amazing too, but I have a soft spot for the chicken.Whenever I feel under the weather, their pho makes me feel better.  They'll pack anything to go, and the soup comes in a separate container from the noodles and beef (with the veggies in a bag) so you can leave it till later for dinner and it is almost as good as eating it right away.  I also have to get an iced coffee every time I go.  They use real Vietnamese coffee and you have to wait till it is done brewing at your table, then stir the coffee to mix in the condensed milk at the bottom of the cup and then pour it over the glass of ice that comes with it.  Amazing! Hard to drink just one.Great restaurant!
2	Big disappointment. Spring rolls were pasty and salty, not crispy. My friend's ginger chicken was soaking in soy sauce, she returned it and the replacement was no better.
1	Mice infestation! http://m.journaldemontreal.com/2014/05/09/infestation-de-sourisGraphic pics
4	Nice Vietnamese Resto, good food and nice terrace for the summer. Recommend for lunch if you happen to be in the area. I ordered #2 spring rolls and #31 3 specialties of beef. Fast service and very polite.
5	The best Vietnamese I've ever tried. We went there yesterday night with some friends. All of us were satisfied. I tried the Pho soup with chicken, the others: 22., 35., 38. The dishes looked well and they had good taste and smell. Quick service, clean and nice place. You can pay by card, too. Close to the metro station, highly recommend!
