4	Wow, I get to be the first to review Rio Salado, a divey 9-holer near the Tempe-Scottsdale town line which is a bit of a step up from nearby Coronado as far as dive courses go.  Don't know if they still have this policy, but when I was living there this course was FREE if you wanted to walk mid-week before 2pm during the summer.  Sure, its about 120 degrees, but free golf is free golf.There's nothing spectacular about this place, but it's realatively cheap and usually easy to get on and not crowded.
3	This is not a great course, but it's an excellent value.  Last I played it, it wasn't in particularly great shape, with some of the grass being a little shaggy.  It has a couple of interesting holes, however, the most memorable being the 7th hole, which carries over the Indian Bend Wash.The best part is that they used to have all-you-can-play twilight golf for just $6 or $7.  I'm not sure if they still do this, but it made for a great afternoon.
4	Let's make it very clear that this is not a country club, but if you are a golfer like me and play "slightly" over par, this is a good course to play.Here are the pro's:-Cheap green fees (summertime, it is only 10 bucks for all you can play, I believe after 3 p.m..  I've shown up earlier than that and they still gave me the same price, with a cart.  Awesome)-The staff is pretty cool-You almost never need a tee time, you can show up and they will usually fit you in no problem-No dress code (a huge plus while playing in the summer)-A pretty forgiving course, wider fairways-Cheap hotdogs in the snack area and they pump the AC pretty cold in the lounge-No doglegs on the course (I fucking hate those)-They don't seem to give a shit when you smuggle your own beer on the course-No punk kid cleaning your clubs 2 seconds after you are done playing so you feel obligated to give him a tipThe Con's:-A good portion of the grass is fucked up.  I've dinged the piss out of my clubs having to hit from the dirt on this course-The greens are in bad shape.  You throw away a lot of shots putting from the "mud" or "dirt"  I played there once where some asshole carved a pentagram in the green next to the cup.  It always makes me feel better knowing Satan is watching how shitty I am playing-No bathroom on the course except for the port-o-shitter half way through the course.  It usually has so much urine on the floor and walls you are better off pissing in the bushes or out of the cart when you are driving it.  I was there one time where someone actually shit on the floor of the fiberglass shit house-There seem to be a lot of homeless people between holes 7 and 8 asking for change and/or beers set up by the dumpster next to the golf course -There are a bunch of cats that run out of the brush in the wash.  I almost hit one with a chip shot the last time I played there. All things considered, this is a good course to play and have fun at.  Plus you can't beat the price.  Just don't expect Judge Smails at Bushwood Estates.
3	its ok what can you really say, its has its value but seems to be struggling in maintenance.  This place does offer a great location once you find out where its hidden.  An ok Golfing range but great prices on buckets of balls, and a nice course longer par 3 and 4 course.
4	It's exactly what you would expect from a "Dive Course." Mike at the pro shop is a friendly guy and the rest of the course staff is friendly. Greens had just been sanded so they played a little slower but again you aren't paying top dollar so its fine. Just try your best to say out of the wash in the middle of the course beause it will eat up a slice. Will return again and again!
4	Great nine hole golf course for beginners and practice. There is only one 5 par and the price is cheap. On the down side the course isn't very well kept but I still have fun playing it before work.
3	Don't expect too much from this course, but for the price it's a great place to play. Short 9-hole muni with a driving range that stays in pretty decent shape. If you're a beginner or, in my case, a broke college student looking to play a few holes, look no further than Rio Salado.
1	Didn't actually play here. We tried to, the pro was a jerk and service was terrible. Save the hassle and go play Coronado down the street. Same dive golf course, friendlier, and cheaper too
2	The course was in decent shape for the price paid. However, the service is lacking every time I come here. It seems like the pro shop is always run by a grumpy old man who hates being there and answering simple questions.
