2	I go to Cafe Local all the time, but summer only when the terrace is open. The place has a great atmosphere, people are cool, and the food is good.Now sitting inside OR having breakfast is another story. The breakfast sucks - tiny portions, poorly cooked, and often cold. To add insult, they charge you $2.00 for a side order of a slice of toast. I understand there's a markup in restaurants, but I could buy the whole damned loaf for that. Would it have killed them to throw in another slice of toast for an $8.95 2-egg standard plate? Things like that are the reason the place is deserted in the first half of the day.
4	Been here a couple of times for the sweet potato poutine. A must try for any tourist or vegetarian looking for this delicious local delicacy. Portion is more than enough for one person.  The gravy is mushroom based and the poutine is perfectly spiced.  The only thing that would make this poutine better would be a combination of half regular fries and half sweet potatoes.  The sweetness of the potatoes sometimes is too overwhelming. However if you're into sweet potatoes, this is the only place in the city that makes it with them.
5	Well based on the prior reviews here, I guess this isn't the best place for breakfast or brunch but I'm writing about neither.Was here last night for dinner with a great friend and with the watery-eye inducing cold last night, both of us were in the mood for comfort food.We were not disappointed.The thickest French onion soup I've had in years, tomato soup, Shepherd's Pie (made with bison meat) and pasta with Portuguese meatballs all hit the spot. I definitely want to come back before winter is out to try the sweet potato poutine at some point.Service was friendly and prompt, the decor is Mile End hip with some vintage touches, like the marble-topped coffee table, the leather lounge sofa and a gorgeous marble-topped curved bar from the 60's or 70's.I had a grand time here beside the fireplace, with a great wine, great company and a delicious supper.
2	In the trendy jewish area of mile end, this place isn't so bad. when the terrace is open, it's even better. I ate brunch/lunch here and while the menu was small, everything looked good. i especially thought the tuna tartare was nice. The portions on the poutine are great, and it's nice they have a sweet potato version.My friends say this place is great for drinks at night in this part of montreal. But at the end of the day, it's nothing special. it's just another nice place in mile end.
4	Nice spot in the Mile End to sit by the fire and have a drink. Clean, nice wooden details, leather couch, spacious but warm and cozy and well-lit, and for all that alone I'd start at 3 stars, no sweat. My guy friends enjoy the pulled pork sandwich here - it's got big hefty chunks of pork and a tasty sauce. For me, it tastes a little too much of the pork fat and the bun is a little heavy, but the man loves it. The fourth star goes to the staff who I find charming - recently there for lunch I was impressed by friendly touches, especially when we sat there for a while after having paid the bill and still had out waters refilled, and no sense of rush in the world.
5	My sister lives in Montreal, so I make the trip from NYC to see her a few times a year. We've been to Cafe Local for dinner and drinks on at least two prior occasions, and enjoyed both, but my most recent trip prompted me to write a review. Coming from NYC and being something of a burger fanatic, I like to think I know good restaurant food -- burgers, fries, salads. Having been raised in Canada, I like to think I know good poutine. Hell yes, I do.Cafe Local satisfied my NYC craving for top-notch restaurant cuisine, while fulfilling my Canadian itch for poutine that only a trip north can deliver. We shared a tasty salad, my burger was awesome, and poutine (comes in a huge bucket, we got ours with sweet potato fries) was out of this world. To top it off, the service was truly charming and a nice wine list as well.This place is a gem. Look forward to being back there again on my next northern quest.
3	I'm a sucker for warm coloured walls, crown moldings and rustic, wood furniture. So when a restaurant has all those things ticked, I'd let myself be lured in, even if the menu wasn't out of this world inspiring (sometimes you just want something simple anyway, right?). And that's exactly what happened recently when me and three friends walked around the Mile End looking for a place to have dinner, and chanced upon Cafe Local.The food was pretty good (I had a grilled chicken burger and the toppings were nice), but it was the service that truly melted me. Our waitress was very friendly, explained the menu well and basically took very good care of us. We lingered for quite a long time after we ate our dinner - we even played bananagrams -  but we didn't feel like they were trying to sweep us out of there. I probably won't go back there too quickly to have another dinner, but if I'm looking for a place to hang out and have hot chocolate or drinks or something, it would definitely be in my top three picks!
1	This place is absolutely terrible. We ordered yam fries and the yam was RAW. Salad is stale and burger is way too salty. Not just their kitchen doesn't know how to cook,  they also have no fresh ingredient. Will never come back.
5	Love this place!  It is a cool spot, great food, really nice staff, food is really good and prices very reasonable.
