5	My daughter has been at Mountain View Christian Preschool since she was 4 months old (She's 20 months now) and I can't say enough about how much I love this daycare! The church is Christian, however the daycare curriculum is non-denominational. Every single person at the daycare is passionate and cares immensely about children. I know that when I leave my daughter there that she is going to be loved just as much as if I cared for her myself. I've never had any doubts that this was the right choice for her and I'll keep her at Mountain View until I either move out of the area or she goes off to kindergarden. The facilities are clean, bright, and newer, and they have a nice playground with a shaded covering for playtime. There happens to be a house right behind it that has mini-horses, goats, and sheep, so the kids can watch the animals through the fence, but they can't put their hands through. It's sort of like having a zoo right in the backyard! They do water play days during the summer with the hose and buckets and those are by far one of my daughter's favorite activies. My daughter has gone through the infant room to the infant 2 room and now the toddler room and the developmental level and curriculum has been stimulating for her and she's learned so many new things. The spend a lot of time coloring, reading books, doing art projects and learning to say please and thank you. There hasn't been a TV in any of the rooms she was in so I know they're not just plopping her down in front of a video all day.I know every teacher there by name and the school arranges potluck dinners and get togethers so the parents can meet each other. They make a real effort to make the daycare a community center instead of just a business. Overall this place is the best! I pay a little more to have her at Mountain View than I would have at other daycares, but you just can't go cheap on something like this. When I was pregnant I checked out tons of less expensive daycares in the area and was pretty scared. Mountain View Preschool does NOT take DES vouchers and the clientele seems to be a little more upscale because of that. This place is worth every penny and I recommend it to everyone I know!
5	I love this daycare more and more each day. My daughter is 22 months and can already count and read to 10...I'm totally floored! I'm not one of those parents who thinks their kid is a genius, but I know she is getting a good education at Mountain View Preschool when she can come home and can point to the clock and read the numbers back to me.Seriously folks, bring your kids here. It's the next best place to having them at home. My daughters been here almost 2 years now and there has been minimal staff turnover and they love her like their own.
5	This preschool is great! This is the first preschool I have taken my daughter and didn't really know what to expect and they just keep surprising me. First, the place always looks clean and smells good when you walk in. Also, everyday they send my daughter home with a note that describes her day, how she ate, when she slept and what activities she worked on. I really wanted to find a place that had the kids nap since my daughter becomes a different child if she doesn't have her nap. This preschool has a specific time the children nap and make it a comfortable environment for them to sleep.My daughter struggled with seperation anxiety and the teachers there were more than helpful in getting her adjusted and always helped out when I had to leave. Also, they have helped a lot with potty training. I guess I could go on an on since this place is really great!Hope this helps someone make a good choice for their child.
5	I can't say enough how much I love this daycare! My son has been going to MVCP for over two years now. I knew from the second I walked in that I this was the place for us. My favorite thing at first was that they only had I think space for seven babies total, which meant my little guy was going to get a lot of personal attention. Instead of feeding the babies like an assembly line like in some of the bigger daycare facilities we toured, they actually held the babies when they fed them. Each baby has their own crib and their own cabinet so you can bring your own snackies and stuff. He has since moved up to the toddler room (soon to go in the "big kids room" as he calls it) and its still just as awesome. The teachers are INCREDIBLE! They are constantly doing projects and teaching them so much. I just found out last week my son can count to ten in Spanish! And now they are working on counting to ten in Chinese. It really is the next best thing if you can't be at home with them... probably even better since they get to have the socialization and interaction they wouldn't get at home. We were so lucky to have stumbled upon MVCP!
5	Still sending my daughter here going on 3+ years! Others are constantly impressed at how articulate and thoughtful my daughter is for only being 3...it's thanks to the great staff at MVCP. Now that my daughter is in the Preschool room things are starting to get really fun for me as a parent. Officer Friendly came in a few weeks ago to teach them about policemen and we're trick or treating at the Senior Center this week. The other parents and kids at this daycare are great and both my daughter and I have formed lasting friendships. 99% of the staff has been at the daycare since she started at 3 months old and I trust everyone there to watch my child during the day.
5	I love this daycare! I was so nervous to send my daughter to daycare, but the minute I walked in and met with Liana and the other teachers I felt at ease. They had very low ratios for the baby room. They even asked what I did to care for my daughter for naps, how she liked her formula (warm/cold) and if they should rock her to bed. I couldn't believe they cared enough to do all that. My daughter has been going to MVCP for a year and a half. All the teachers here care for all of the kids. They know what they like and dislike. My daughter is always happy when I see her there. As she has moved up in classes each teacher has taken special care of her. One even had a snack ready for her when she came in a little late so she would be distracted when I left. At the age of 2 she has been learning so many songs, can count to 20, can recite the alphabet and puts 4 to 5 words together that make sense. I know MVCP has had a huge effect on her learning. Plus I love all the crafts she brings home! They are so creative and fun to show off. Also, they teach manners, cleaning up, sharing, etc. which makes it SO much easier to continue that learning at home. I can't say enough good things about MVCP. Anyone looking for a great daycare/preschool, I would definitely recommend MVCP!
