3	Crispy thin crust, thick (and I mean THICK), gooey cheese, and a hearty sauce. An homage to Racine-style pizza (but not quite as good). I personally didn't care for the flavor of the cheese, or the volume, but a lot of people would be super-stoked with such heavy-handed application. The pizzas are super-cheap ($4 for an 8" and $10 for a 14" - toppings extra), so it's worth giving a try if you're a fan of thin crust. Carry-out only; no delivery and no tables inside for sitting.
3	Sometimes you're just in the mood for old-school thin crust pizza, and when this mood strikes you're not going to do much better than Buck's.  I'm told they're a Madison institution and I can believe it.  Their thin crust pizza reminds me of the impossibly delicious pizzas of grade-school birthday parties and post-ballgame pizza parties.  Sweet tomato sauce, crispy thin crust and tons of cheese - this is the stuff memories are made of!Don't get me wrong, I usually go for Falbo's or Roman Candle for take-out in Middleton and I tend to prefer the fancy specialty pizzas like the Professional or the Italian Stallion.  But if I'm feeling nostalgic for a simple pepperoni and cheese (and there will be a lot of cheese, mind you) Buck's is the first place that comes to mind.  The place is take-out only and the hours definitely aren't for the late night crowd - I believe they close at 8:45 although the menu says 9.  The prices are very reasonable, especially if you don't add many toppings.  And finally, I haven't gotten this in years and I don't know if they still offer it, but you used to be able to get a "ball of dough" for a buck, which you then could take home to make your own large pizza.  It was like DIY take and bake.
2	Let's all agree that most Madison take-out pizza is bad.  Of course you have Lombardinos, Pizza Brutta, Porta Alba and the like, but I don't classify those as take-out.  Glass Nickel is terrible (why don't they cook their dough?).  Falbos - enh (cheap cheese...in WISCONSIN!)Rosati's - cardboard (and expensive).  Roman Candle - how do they stay in business?So on to Bucks...The ingredients at Bucks are cheap but the pizzas are not.  If I wanted a cheap pizza I would go to Pizza Hut for $10 with unlimited toppings.  What I DO want is a place that can do simple, good, take-out pizza. In addition to the cheap ingredients, their sauce is bad.  It tastes like it came straight from a can (which I'm sure it did).  Also, no cardboard pizza boxes there so be prepared for cold pizza when you get it home.  If I wanted to use my oven I'd make my own pizza or get a frozen one. They put the toppings (onion in our case) UNDER the cheese.  So basically the toppings stay raw and stew in the canned sauce.  As I write this I'm really tempted to slash my rating to one star...
5	BUCKS is hands down the most delectable addictive amazingly priced pizza anywhere!!  Once you try this perfect thin crust wonder, you will be hooked. Great tasting sauce, generous toppings, crunchy tasty crust, nothing bland whatsoever. This will become an addiction to those of you who REALLY know good pizza. There are simply no negatives i can say except i wish there were more locations.  (they have great coupons located in ad books also) don't be detered by negative reviewers who seriously do not know what they are talking about. Absolute sheer perfection. Trust me.
5	best za in msn
4	Old style pizza joint. Thin crust, fresh ingredients, good ol' comfort food pizza! Love it! Take out only. They do except plastic.
5	Thin crust, perfect pizza. In our back yard. Perfect! Doesn't look fancy but they sure make a mean pizza!
2	So I had to try  this pizza. So many people had raved about how great it was.I am originally from Chicago, there is a Father & Son Pizza on Milwaukee Ave, great tasting pizza for thin crust. So I had to try Bucks and compare.It was ok - not impressed. Dough has no flavor, sausage tasted like too much ground beef,  I wanted this to taste so good.  Thin pizza if done right can be just enough to satiate and won't  make you feel so  bloated like regular pizza from let's say Glass Nickel.(really the only Madison pizza I have found to like)The service was pretty good. It looked like a group of friends working & having fun Friday night when I decided to give them a try.  They do not deliver only pick up service. Sorry Bucks! I am checking you off my list of food I wanted to try.
3	Was ok pizza, but I picked it up, and by the time I had gotten it home, the grease had gotten through the paper packaging and actually got on the seat of my car. Quite a bummer.Pizza was cheap, lots of cheese (if you like that), and all the toppings are a la carte. Wasn't bad, but they should invest in a wax covered bag instead of parchment.
5	I was skeptical because of some of the negative reviews. However, this is the best pizza I've had in Madison since moving her ~2 years ago. Just good old fashioned pizza. Reminds me of some of the great pizza joints in Milwaukee (e.g., Marias). Only complaint is that the crust could be crispier, but for Madison - a town that lack awesome pizza, this might be the best place.
4	This is a very good pizza.  I usually pick up a couple with a Bucky Book coupon, making it a pretty good deal.  It's a great thin crust with a nice cheese:sauce ratio.    The flavor is excellent whatever the toppings.  The location is convenient to where I can call ahead and pick them up on my way home from work. Tip well - those kids work hard there!
2	Pizza's like sex even if its not great,  its still ok. Should have read reviews. Weird thin crust,  the sauce was ehhhh n didn't care for cheese. I hate giving low reviews but this pizza just didnt cut it.
