2	Very average in every way. Staff eating while making customer food. Way over staffed considering the very mediocre level of customer service. "Manager" went out to smoke, came back inside and started preparing food without washing his hands. Even though the drive thru business is very light, they seem to ask almost every car to pull up, park & wait??
5	Went here yesterday and they forgot my 99 cent chicken nugget. I called and the manager said sorry and then put me down for a free 12 piece chicken nugget and frosty. He made the whole trip 100% better for me. Also every time I drive thru they always get my special requests right. This is also the first time they have ever forgotten food. When I go thru they always pet my dog and are social. I enjoy coming here.
5	I am giving this location 5 stars cause its been my stomping grounds for atleast 12 years now, its always very good, clean, and I have never had a bad experience here. Wendys locations are just class acts, they are always my go to burger fix. I also made this my daughters first burger when she wanted to finally try one so she could have a good experience for the first one and always have a tasty burger to judge the rest by for her life. If its good enough for my daughter, then its good enough for you :) eat up and review.
1	Just today, October 4, 2014 I went through the drive through to get a pulled pork sandwich combo.  The cashier told me he had trouble swiping my card so he keyed it in and it was denied.  I told him that was impossible I had literally just used it no more than 10 minutes prior at a Walgreens and it was fine, please redo it you must have entered it wrong.  He said he couldn't it was denied.  So I said I'd go inside.  Now you'd expect when you bother to go park and go inside that the manager would at least deal with the issue, but not at this location.  The manager spent maybe 30 seconds with me said "Oh, you're that issue" and had the minimum wage paid cashier come over and speak with me (as he was the drive through cashier I'm sure this slowed down everyone outside in line getting their meals too....sorry guys!),  Again I asked him to retry it as the card was fine and again he said NO, I can't, the system won't allow me your card is denied.  Now I'm mortified as the lobby is full of people and you just painted me as some lowlife that cannot afford their lunch.   So I head home and immediately call the bank.  Yes, the bank showed the attempted transaction, Yes the bank denied it because THE CASHIER ENTERED THE EXPIRATION DATE WRONG.  Had either of my requests to reenter the card as they had obviously entered it wrong been honored, I could have gotten my food and been on my way.  I feel most sorry for the lowly part time employees who have to work for a manager that has no backbone.  (I would have said he had a small or nonexistent body part but kids may read this and you all know what I meant anyway).  I have already filed a formal complaint with Wendy's Headquarters and will NEVER set foot in this location again.
1	Be sure to really check your order before leaving the drive thru.  Always mess up my order.
