5	We have our 3 and 6 year olds signed up for their 2nd season of Lil Kickers - we love it.  The kids are well engaged in games all the while learning how to play soccer.  At first I wasn't sure how much soccer a 2 year old could learn, but my youngest learned how to keep her eye on the ball as she learned the difference between big and little kicks.  Now in our second season, and 3 years old, she has graduated up to more difficult tasks....yet through play so she has no idea she's working on a skill!The coaches are fun and energetic.  None of my kids have felt left out even when they had an "off day" - due to lack of nap time (my fault).  We've made great friends with the other kids in class and have yet to hear anything but raves.When we first wanted to try them out we visited an open house, we'll continue to go till the kids are too old!
4	I ran across this program through a friend of mine, who has a kid in the Lil Kickers program. When I first walked in to the arena, I didn't know what to expect. But what I got was much better! It's a huge space with an indoor field, tons of offices, seating areas for the parents, and my favorite part, all the flags from different countries hanging. Of course the first one I noticed was the Croatian one! The staff was very welcoming to all the guests as well as the kids! When we walked in, my friend's kid ran to their coach all enthusiastic for their class. That shows me the coaches are very passionate with what they do (and later I saw that passion as the class went on). I love that the kids get greeted by name and walked on to the field. The program seems to cater to different ages, from little minis to the older athletes. I liked that they were all uniformed with their Lil Kickers jerseys. It really made them feel part of a team. During the classes, I had an opportunity to speak to the Youth Sports Director, Chris Ward, who answered all my questions I had about the program. He was very open and helpful, and most important, patient with me and my non-existant soccer knowledge. After leaving the Lil Kickers, I felt confidant in the program and wanted to fully support it. Ever since, I have already recommended the program to multiple of my friends and co-workers!!
5	This program is awesome! My 2 kids have been enrolled in this for over a year. They are always talking about soccer days before their actual class. The coaches are very good at getting down to the kids level, they make the classes fun for the kids and they are always fun of energy....."coach dominic" is often a topic of conversation at dinner!!! Saying that when my 6yr old steps out of line (which he does) then they manage to discipline him in the right way so that he understands he what he is doing is wrong. Recently they introduced an all sports program here which is fantastic because now my son gets to experience different sports (watching 10 six olds doing a touchdown dance like they have just won the superbowl is super cute!!!)My kids have been to other programs in Vegas, but this one stands head and shoulders above the others...my kids have a good work out and at the same time they are learning. Even the guys in the office are very nice and accommodating (my 3yr old got sick and missed a few weeks, they just let me do some makeup classes for free!). There is a British guy that runs it, he seems very passionate about child development (and soccer duh)! My little ones maybe the next David Beckham or Mia Hamm! Watch out! :-)I definitely recommend this, my kids have benefited ten fold since been there.
5	I am thrilled with this program for my kids. I am a mom with two kids who recently moved to Reno. When I lived in Las Vegas, I did some research on the best program to enroll my kids in after school. I believe I've found that! We called in to schedule a free trial and the staff was incredibly personable! When we came in, we were enthused with how much the kids enjoyed their first time playing soccer. We've had experience with Coach Riley and Coach Morgan, both of which were outstanding at getting the kids to listen and stay engaged. However, we've had to do a few make up classes with other coaches and none of them disappoint! It is apparent after every class that the coaches genuinely care about my children's progress in the program. Not only are the coaches and staff wonderful, but the facility is awesome! The kids constantly talk about soccer and their coaches and beg us to practice with them at home. It looks like we'll have to sign up for the Lil' Kickers in the Reno area! I highly recommend this program! :)
5	My 2yr old had his first class with Coach Erin and is was great! My son is usually really shy and he opened up real quick and was participating without clinging to me! The coach was fun and engaging. We have done a few different classes at rec centers, etc and this is by far our favorite!
4	My three year old twins absolutely love attending soccer practice every week at Lil Kickers.  We, as parents, are equally happy.Initially, we "liked' the Lil Kickers Facebook page to receive updates, learn information, see reviews, etc.  From that page, we learned that we could attend an "open house" where the boys could participate in a practice class.  From there, the coach was able to recommend which level to start the boys (Hoppers).  Make sure you sign up for classes during the special period when the price is reduced - they run a $99 special before each new season starts.  You also have to pay a yearly membership fee per child, which is $25.00.  Jerseys weren't required, but of course we had to have them.  They come in red, light blue, and dark blue at $20 a piece.The interior is nice and well-kept; we see people cleaning constantly.  Also, all of the soccer equipment and fields are in great shape.  The best part, though, of course, is the nice air-conditioning.The coach for our boys is Coach Mariah and she is fabulous.  She knows how to work with the kids and relate to them on their level.  All of the drills are framed in such a way that kids can understand and relate.  She remembers all the kids' names (which takes extra work for ours since they're identical, haha) and always asks opener questions while taking role (i.e. what's your favorite food?).  At the end of practice, she gives the kids stamps and tells them how well they did.  She's also been very accessible before and after practice, as well as via e-mail.  My only words of advice would be to wait until you are sure that your kids will enjoy and be ready for classes.  There is a no refund policy, so we were worried initially that our boys wouldn't enjoy themselves or not feel comfortable with the coach, and then we'd be out of luck.  I think we started them at just the right time, so luckily we didn't have any issues.
5	We signed up for this class at the start of the Summer and just signed up once more for the fall season. My 3 year old daughter loves coming here each week for her class. She loves the coach and playing with the other kids.Very happy with the Lil Kickers program.
2	My 3 year old daughter's soccer coach was excellent! The 2 stars comes from trying to communicate with the administration regarding partial refund of an over payment re: the early discount rate. After over 3 months of numerous emails and few responses. I was told I would receive a refund. Another month later I call to follow-up and now I'm told I have to go to the location to fill out paperwork. A little frustrating.
5	We don't miss a season with both my older and younger son. .. We have been coming for 6 years and counting! This is the foundation of soccer for us. .... summers is perfect.. keeps my boys busy while their Club is on a break. ...Come down and just. ......PLAY AND ENJOY THE LOVE FOR SOCCER!
4	I have done two sessions with my little guy and it is a fun experience. Staff is friendly and welcoming. This is a very affordable way to let your little one blow off some steam once weekly. The class has a structure but there is plenty of opportunity for the free spirits. I have done bunnies and thumpers with my son and parent participation is crucial. So, don't expect to sit on the sidelines while your child plays. The monotony of the class is good for toddlers as they acclimate to the repetition and get excited for what's next. On the contrary, it keeps me from enrolling in back to back sessions. I opt for other things to incorporate variety. The facility is large. You'll get dirty on the fields and have little black rubber pellets falling out of your shoes, pants and sucks for hours. Lil kickers is a great experience for any growing kid. We will continue to participate. At around $10 a class, you can't beat it!
