5	I travel for work and require early morning pick-ups at least once a week. I've had a hard time finding a cab company that is reliable. I'm not that picky as far as the condition of the vehicle or the driver but they have to least show up on time or even show up at all.  I've been disappointment with every cab company until just recently. I found Sam's Tran on the internet and decided to try them. It has been absolutely been the best experience. Sam's Tran is the most reliable cab company I've ever used. I can book my reservation online which I really like and they always call 30 minutes before my pick to confirm.  Plus the driver is courteous and the vehicles are super clean.  They get my highest recommendation.
5	Stayed six days in Mesa for business. Unfortunately, Marriott doesn't provide transportation to and from the airport. Initially used the Super Shuttle to the hotel. Waited for over an hour because the driver drove past us. Had to call dispatch to reroute. Don't apologize or anything. Definitely did not want to give them any more business. Found Sam's Trans online and decided to try it. Great customer service. Driver even arrived early so that we wouldn't be waiting. Direct to the airport for two passengers for about $35. That's a deal!  Will definitely use them again.
5	"Look no further! This is a great deal. They were on time, very clear on when and where he would meet us. He called 15 before so I could relax. Clean, courteous, professional. Make it easy on yourself and use this service!"
5	Finally found a transportation company that is reliable and reasonable. Personalized service.  I have used this company about 5 times so far and have not been disappointed. Have these guys in my address book, won't use anyone else.
5	I travelled to Phoenix for pleasure on 11/16/2013. I needed a reasonable,reliable way to get to a relative's condo around Thunderbird and 51. I found Sam's Trans on the internet. Requested a rate and it was great. Five minutes after I landed, I was on my way to pick up my luggage and Sam's Trans gave me a call. He was waiting outside. All in all a great experience. Great price and great service. I was very pleased and I will use them again.
5	We use Sam's trans very often as he provides very reliable service.  We have recommended this service to many friends coming into PHX.   He has always been dependable--even for last minute pick-up.  Sam is a very sweet, kind, professional man who has picked us up on time every time.  He waits in the cell phone lot at PHX for you and he calls ahead 15-30 min to confirm when he is picking up for transport to PHX.  We used a private service for awhile and were not satisfied.  I found Sam's trans on YELP and have never looked back!
5	I have used Sam for 40 trips over the last 4 years. He is always on time and   always has a smile on his face.  Trust me you won't be disappointed!
5	We used Sam's Trans to go to the airport, and were very pleased. Not only did he call 1/2 hr. before our scheduled pickup just to let us know he was on his way, but also he arrived right on time with a minivan to accommodate all our luggage including golf clubs. He even had mints for us to take. All this for a price that was less than the cab companies and limos. When we return to Scottsdale, I will definitely book with Sam's again.
5	We have been Sam's clients for several years now.  I wouldn't consider using another service because Sam's is the best, by far.They are consistently excellent.  The rates are more than fair and unrivaled service.  I cannot express how much I appreciate them!
5	Been using Sam's for two years now, he has never let me down.  Always on time, even a little early, fast ride to Sky Harbor, always reliable, and he is a great guy.  Love his new van.  I will always use Sam's Trans.
5	So we just moved to midtown Phoenix and were looking for transportation to Sky Harbor.  When we lived further north, we usually drove and parked at the airport.  We decided to try something different.  We don't care for the inconvenience of Super Shuttle.  We used Sam's Trans and will likely use them pretty much all the time in the future.  The driver called 1/2 hour in advance of the pickup to confirm the address and let us know he would arrive on time.  He did arrive on time and was very pleasant and courteous.  On the return trip, the driver called as we were landing to let us know the exit door where he would be waiting.  After getting our luggage, we exited and found him immediately.  The rates are very reaonsable, clearly the service is reliable, and the customer service excellent.
5	Used this service to and from the airport for a recent vacation.  Both drivers were on time, called before they arrived and their vehicles were very clean.  I will use this service in the future.
5	This is the best service that I have had in thirty years! Wonderful, polite, on time, drives really good and carefully.  I can't say enough!
4	I highly recommend this company.  Sam responded quickly and was on time.  You will not be disappointed.  I wish I knew about this these years but I'm going to use this service from now on rather than depend on people for rides to airport.
5	Sam and his drivers are the best!  Always on time, courteous and reasonable.  I will not use another service.
4	I am so disappointed in this company. Requested a quote. Received prompt reply. Booked a ride to and from airport for a trip to Hawaii.  Received a confirmation email with instructions and times.  This morning-/--nothing.  No cab.  No call.  I'm disgustedBUT......this just added....they contacted me, apologized and promised to make it right by picking me up from airport next week for no charge......now that is professional.
5	We used Sam's for the first time, booking a round trip to and from Sky Harbor. This was our first time using a car service, as we usually just leave our car at airport parking, but we were going to be gone for so long that it didn't make sense to do it. The day we left there was a torrential downpour that morning, with lots of flooding. Our driver called multiple times to let us know about his delays, which were not his fault, given the conditions. He got us to the airport in plenty of time and safely (given the road conditions, it was a bit of a white-knuckle drive, but he was a cautious, careful driver). On our return, he called as we exited the plane, and told us to call when we got our bags, which I did. He told us where to meet him, and he was right where he said he would be. No problems, no issues at all. I wouldn't hesitate to use Sam's Trans again. The car is immaculate, and the service right on point. Excellent experience for first time car service users.
5	I've used Sam's Trans service to and from Sky Harbor Airport several times. I received prompt communication while making my reservation and the day of transport.  I was called before my pickup letting me know he was on his way. I was at the airport at the promised time the day of my flight. I am disabled and all my bags were set on the curbside and Sam notified the checkin agent that a wheelchair was needed. The van is always clean and driver professional and a safe driver. On one of my previous trips I noticed my checkbook was missing just before boarding. I called Sam before boarding and asked if my checkbook had been found. He said he had checked the van and had not found the checkbook.I boarded the plane and turned off my phone. When I landed, I turned on my phone and found several messages from Sam. He looked again and found my checkbook in the seat. The checkbook was black leather the same as the van seats. My checkbook was mailed to me and Sam refused to take money for his help. I will never call another service. I recommend Sams Tran because of his service and honesty.
