5	My boyfriend and I visited Shoot Las Vegas a few weeks ago and had the most amazing experience! I've been to a few shooting ranges in Las Vegas and none of them compare to Shoot Las Vegas. The instructors are friendly and knowledgable; the other establishments I have visited have grumpy and unenthusiastic instructors. There are several different stations with a variety of guns to choose from; it's so hard to decide! There is information posted re: each firearm and movie references as well. It's a wonderful and entertaining experience. This would be a totally unique experience for bachelor parties, bachelorette parties, divorce parties, etc. You should go now! :)
5	Shoot Las Vegas is an amazing experience.  Everything there is professional, well secured (each shooting station is manned by a trained Range Safety Officer) and very educational.  I can see where this would be great for a bachelor party or a team building exercise.  In the description it states that Eric has 25 years in the event planning industry and it shows.  The operation is safe and the details add to a very enjoyable afternoon.  At each station (Western, Big Guns, Military, Law Enforcement, Gangster and Sniper) you get your photo taken shooting the guns there and you get to keep the photos as a great souvenir.  Each type of gun is also shown as to which movies it was used in.  This is an event that I will never forget and I am glad that I did it.  I highly recommend this to anybody who has an interest in guns or the movies that they are used in.
5	If you're looking for a fun, safe adventure, Shoot Las Vegas is a sure thing. I had not shot a weapon in decades, so I was a little apprehensive at first. However, each firing position had a Safety Officer who will ask you about your experience with shooting. From there, they explained each weapon, what to expect, and it's proper operation. I was extremely comfortable from the beginning. By the end of the day, I was not only comfortable firing each weapon, I wanted to go again! Since I was interested in purchasing a gun for home defense anyway, this gave me the opportunity to test out several handguns I was considering. In the end, the chance to try out different models helped me find what I was looking for. Highly recommend this company for its wide variety of weapons to shoot (many you would not have the chance to try elsewhere), great layout to shoot, and because of the professionalism of the staff.
5	Shoot Las Vegas is a first class experience all the way!  It was amazing!!!  I definitely recommend it to anyone who wants a premiere shooting experience.  They offer more guns to choose from than I even knew existed - and their professional staff on hand walks you through each step to make sure you know what you're doing!  They even do private events!  Thanks Eric and team for providing such an amazing and unforgettable experience!!!  Who knew I was such a fantastic sharp shooter?!?
5	I LOVE Shoot Las Vegas.  I've been lucky enough to do it twice now and both times were amazing.  I've shot guns from all of the available selections; Western, Military, Big Guns, Full Auto, Western and Sniper.  Sniper is the best because you get to shoot at exploding targets and who doesn't like to blow S*%T Up!!!  As someone who was EXREMELY intimidated by guns, I was at first hesitant to try even the smallest of the gun choices.  The staff guided me through my selections from small guns with hardly any kick to the bigger Kick A$$ guns that were more fun than I anticipated.  I strongly suggest to anyone who shoots with Shoot Las Vegas, do yourself a favor and make sure you shoot at least 2 guns at each station... Once you start, you don't want to put them down.  The fact that each station takes your picture while you're shooting for instant downloads to your e-mail and social media is an added bonus too.  I can't wait to do it again!
5	I had the opportunity to go to Shoot Las Vegas with my parents and finance for the 24 gun experience, and it was such a rush! My mother and I had never fired a gun before, and we were kind of nervous about handling them. The trained instructors made the experience extremely safe and helped to make us feel confident when handling the different guns. And ohhh my goodness... there were SO MANY GUNS TO CHOOSE FROM! Big guns, small guns, sniper guns, western guns, mafia guns... SO MANY OPTIONS!! I absolutely loved that they related the different guns to what movie or show we may have seen them in. As someone who is not really educated on the types of guns, they didn't make much sense to me, but once they related the to something I knew, it made it so much more exciting! It made it so much more fun to shoot a gun knowing that it was the same one use in the Scarface or another movie. (Who hasn't wanted to scream "Say hello to my little friend!" while firing a machine gun before??) The experience was very professionally run and we didn't have to wait long at all to shoot our different guns. I would DEFINITELY do it again. It was worth the price and will be an experience my family and I remember forever!
5	What an experience.  When my friends booked this I was hesitant, I thought is was just a gun range where I's get to shoot a gun or two.  Boy was I wrong.It was amazing service from beginning to end.  I learned about modern and historic guns and got to shoot them all.  The staff made it so much for all of us.  Totally relaxed in a comfortable setting.  I will do this again!!
5	Went with a bunch of friends, and we really had a blast.  I tried all sort of crazy guns, but it was the most fun to shoot the old western-style revolvers.  And all of the guns on the "menu" are connected with movies that they are known from.  My arm is still in shock from that 50-cal Schwarzenegger gun!
5	I'm very nervous around guns so I was a bit apprehensive about this team building experience. The staff was so helpful and professional that I felt very safe and was able to let my guard down and ended up having as much fun as my team!  They still talk about what a great experience it was.  I would highly recommend it to everyone.
5	That was AWESOME! Shoot Las Vegas offers quite the experience. There was a huge selection of guns and the way they relate them to movies you've seen them in is just awesome. Great service and you can tell the instructors know what they're doing... We're definitely going to be booking with them for a larger event coming up in April - I'm booking for a bunch of Texans and I'm willing to bet they're going to have one hell of a time (and thats saying something)! Thanks again to Eric and the staff, can't wait to go out there again... I wish I could give more than 5 stars!
5	This event is as good as it gets. It's the reason you come to Vegas. When you watch movies and tv shows that take place in Las Vegas, they shape your mind about what Vegas is all about. The fun, the excitement, the stories you'll be telling your coworkers when you go back home. Shoot Las Vegas IS that Vegas experience you crave when you visit. It's only a matter of time before the next Hollywood blockbuster that takes place in Las Vegas shoots at least one of their scenes at a Shoot Las Vegas event. When I first heard about Shoot Las Vegas, I wanted to sign up immediately for their next event. Unfortunately, when it first started it was geared only towards corporate events. I would check in with them once and a while to see if they had some kind of an open event for individuals. When I was finally told they would start hosting open events, I couldn't wait to get to the range. When you first pull up to the range, you know immediately that you're not here to just shoot a couple guns and go back to gambling, you're here for an experience. I had seen pictures of their mobile firing range, but until you see it in person, you can't understand just how awesome this thing is. You can tell how much imagination and creativity the owner, Eric, put into designing and constructing it, including the back wall being all plexiglass so you can see everything that's going on even when you're outside. I know little about guns and had only shot a few time before coming here, so feeling the difference between the guns when shooting was very surprising to me. The two guns I tried in Western felt like BB guns. The Tommy Gun in the Gangster section was shockingly accurate and the one I had my best hit percentage with, outside of the guns with scopes. My favorite was the Browning 1919 in Military, now that's a fun gun to shoot! One tip I can give for those with little to no shooting experience is try to shoot Big Guns last because they are powerful and might make your hand or shoulder a little sore. Overall Shoot Las Vegas was an awesome experience and four months later I'm still talking about it all the time with my coworkers. Not once did I feel unsafe being around all those guns and it's even made me want to get one of my own. I can't wait for my dad to come visit, so I can take him.
5	An experience that I was not expecting! I don't know what I had in my head for a "gun range" .. But, this was not it! Can you even call it a gun range??? I was able to fire off 10 different kinds of weapon machinery! It was so exhilarating! Being a women it was good to learn how to handle each weapon by the trained gun handler (marksman) for each station. Thankfully, my "Shotgun" Marksman handler made me fully aware of the kickback I was about to receive..... I might not do the "shotgun" again (ow!) ;-)    It was climate controlled and still outside- WAY COOL! The staff Fully prepared me with earplugs and glasses. Impressed with their "safety first" rules. Yeah.. is it great for a bunch of guys.. sure, however, I would bet after my day at the "Range"- I can hit a target better than most of the men I saw that day! Ladies.. you gotta do this! Why should the men have all the fun???
5	Awesome, once in a life time experience. The staff is extremely helpful and knowledgeable. You won't be disappointed.
5	About as much fun as it gets. Amazing that you get to shoot such a variety of guns and rifles. I loved the ones with the scopes. Was also fun that they show you how each weapon was used in a movie. Instructors were amazing. This is also in a first classed enclosed environment but still shooting outside. Could not be better.
