4	Friendly neighborhood coffee house! The space is bright with plenty of nooks for quiet conversation - including a children's hide-away.
5	Wonderful little gem in polish hill. Great coffee and treats! try the quiche! it's delish.. they also make their own handmade ice cream sandwiches.
5	Calling Pittsburgh home for many years, allowed me to wander the neighborhoods, finding the tucked away spots that are close to everything.  Polish Hill is exactly that, tucked between Baum Blvd. and the Strip District, bordered East/West by Downtown Pittsburgh & Lawrenceville, it is a community fitting for a resurgence, a re-birth.The one vestige that has harbored the bold souls that found this enclave years ago, is Gooski's.  A Polish Hill institution that has weathered the years well.  One cannot consume alcohol all day & night ( some may argue this statement), so it is only fitting that the newest Landmark for the community be a coffee shop.  Named Lili, in honor of Rob & Carrie's daughter, the space is calming and comfortable.  On my last trip to the 'Brugh, I made it a point to stop by my old haunts ( The Beehive,  Starbucks on Carson St., Primanti Brothers in the Strip, etc.) and to find a few new additions.  Lili Coffee Shop is definitely a gem.  I spent 3 hours here, bumped elbows with friends coming & going, even got a great recommendation for a Massage Therapist in the neighborhood (the next review...)The cuisine is perfect:  Quiche, Chili, Cookies, Brownies, Granola, Biscotti, and of course great coffee, chai, tea, etc.  I had the Quiche, savory to the last bite and made from scratch by a local baker/chef (Blythe makes everything! )  Rob's easy-going nature and great customer service make the experience seem like your stopping at a friend's house.There is also a small room in the back for studying or an impromptu jam session.  The location is convenient, just off of Heron and an easy walk from anywhere on Polish Hill.  With-in the same building, there is a Record Store (second floor, Mind Cure Records, a project of Polish Hill resident Michael Seamans and Dan Allen. The vinyl-only shop will sell from a stock of about 8,000 records, including local releases. ) and a Comic Book Trove (the third floor will host Bill Boichel's Copacetic Comics, which is relocating to Polish Hill from Squirrel Hill, where it's been since 2001.)Make the trip, take a walk with your dog (yes, Lili Coffee Shop is dog-friendly) and stop for a great cup of coffee with a new friend.  I will definitely return when visiting Pittsburgh again.  Oh, and I almost forgot, they serve a great Brunch on Sunday for $6.75 ( It is a steal!)
4	I have to admit, I'm kind of lame because I wasn't aware of Lili until I read the Post Gazette article regarding it.It's in the middle of the up and coming (but don't tell the hipsters holed up there) Polish Hill and its bright red sign sticks out pleasantly amongst the drab row houses surrounding it.The inside is eclectic and interesting. Posed figures walk up walls and odd art gives you something cool to look at while you sip your coffee. Their lunch selection seems interesting enough that I made a mental note to come back and try it. Their posts on Facebook about their weekend brunches make me feel like I need to go back very very soon.The lattes we ordered were good, not great. I'm a bit spoiled with my close proximity to Tazza D'Oro, what can I say. My large latte came in a tall, glass drinking cup which I found kind of cool in an off-kilter way. Kinda like drinking wine out of chipped mugs while wearing flannel.The pineapple upside down cake I bought was gooey and delicious. All of their  other homemade baked goods looked killer as well.The barista behind the counter was bearded and all smiles and even brought out drinks to the table, something I didn't expect but turned out to be one of those little, warm things that make a place stand out.I definitely want to check out Lili again, even if it's a bit too far away to be my local haunt. I'm especially interested in their brunch and lunch selection.
5	very cool little coffee shop in the neighborhood i grew up in! good prices ,friendly barista, good coffees and baked goods. what the are open early ?cough cough (jeet in bloomfield now opens at 10 wtf) what they have simple syrup? cough cough crazy mocha (sugar doesn't melt in iced coffee) all in all i dig this place  and  would recommend it to anyone.
2	In order to finish my rounds of the Pittsburgh coffee shops, I've begun going to those that are a little out of the way of my normal driving routes. I went here today in order to check it out, mostly because I'd heard from some coworkers that it's a pretty cool place - I should have connected the fact that all the coworkers who mentioned it were a little punk/hipster and arrived with less expectations. Either way, the coffee wasn't amazing - served from a push-pot - high acidity and hardly any forward notes. My macchiato was more of a dry cappuccino, which is kind of my pet peeve at coffee shops. Making a macchiato properly is a requirement for me, meaning a double shot (preferably pulled short) stained with milk foam; all of this should fit into a demitasse. There are other variations, I just judge you if you use them. We also had a pastry, it was old, soggy, and sad.  I personally don't think it's a great idea to wrap baked goods up in plastic for over a day - because they generally get soggy in coolers. So, not the best, on the plus side though, everybody has really nice tattoos and the actual shop is comfy with a great view of the Polish Hill area. And they sell Red Star Kombucha, which is locally brewed and awesome. If I lived on Polish Hill, I'd get used to the coffee and set up shop here, but it's nowhere near worth driving to.
5	This neighborhood coffee shop is full of laid-back charm and zero hipster 'tude ~ step inside and immediately feel warm and welcome. The barista's first words to me - an answer to my question about payment - set the stage: "Yes, we're cash only but we do take I-owe-you's if you don't have enough on you!" Huh?!? It's clear the owners aim to create a sense of community here, and there's a real feeling of goodwill. Sit inside or out at small, round European-style tables, or cozy up in the back room - a neat sofa-and-chair-filled space with children's toys and books and an array of vintage musical instruments and electric guitars for anyone to pick up and play. AWESOME. Compelling artwork hangs from the walls, sculptures peek out from the shop's nooks and crannies, and vinyl records spin on a vintage record player. All in all, it's a nice space to spend some time in, and nobody is going to rush you out. I had a big latte, which was quite good, and a macaroon, which was even better. My bill was under $5.
5	Ever want to step inside a postcard picture and enjoy the atmosphere as if you are a part of the fairy tale world?This is Polish Hill, a cuddly, charming neighborhood with sweet Polish grandma's you'd want to hug randomly.Lili's has this infused inside.  Whether you are alone or not, you get a feeling of being hugged when you are here.Art, Staff and decor is stunning.  Coffee is fresh and strong. They use actual metal spoons to stir, that they wash. Upstairs is a record shop(VINYL ONLY!!) and comic book storeCooler than any neighborhood or coffee-shop in NYC and infinitely more sincere
4	I stopped in Lili somewhat unintentionally on my way up to Mind Cure records, directly above.  I'd been walking most of the morning and needed something to drink, but I became hungry as well when I saw their modest selection of sandwiches.  They guy at the counter was friendly and genuine as I talked to him for a few minutes as I decided what to get.He brought my sandwich and drink to my table, which as others have said is a nice touch.  As I was sitting there, a few other people came in who had obviously been there before, and they were greeted as friends.  The iced tea I got was good, and the sandwich, toasted to perfection on a cold day, hit the spot.When you look around Lili, you realize it is truly a Polish Hill cafe.  Along a window ledge and wall are numerous black and white photos of people and places around the neighborhood.  The rest of the art inside grabs your eye as well, but it fits in perfectly with the vibe there.I'm already looking forward to getting back there in some warm weather to sit at one of the tables outside, or do some good people watching through their big windows.  Lili is definitely a place to check out if you're in Polish Hill.
1	Wish I could review the place, but alas, I walked in 20 minutes before closing time to be told by the none too pleasant girl behind the counter that she was closing up for the night.  Another time, perhaps?
5	Lili is a new fave for my "caffeinated lunch" fix. Great little selection of sandwiches - I love the vegan Banh Mi(!) and the tempeh reuben is good too. Sandwiches come with pickles on the side; major plus! They play excellent music (I wouldn't expect anything less with Mind Cure up above to curate the selections) and the shop is generally hip, but not in an exclusive way. Rather, it exudes a rad community vibe that you will either want to be a part of or feel repelled by because of your inability to feel comfortable in a genuinely cool place. Disclaimer: nobody is going to befriend you just for walking in the door and you might get a sunburn if you sit on the patio on a sunny day.
5	I've only been in Pittsburgh for a week, so I don't want to jump the gun by declaring Lili my favorite coffee shop in Pittsburgh. But considering I've been here maybe half a dozen times already, it's certainly my most-visited. For me, this place is pretty close to perfect.Pros:1. Delicious, inexpensive (of course, I'm coming from Chicago and New York, so my idea of inexpensive is a little skewed) drinks. I've had a couple of iced lattes that were really spot on at $2.752. Satisfying chai that tastes a little bit different from your standard Oregon Chai concentrate3. Green Manalsihi Smoothie--all sorts of fruit and spinach and juice, blended to a gorgeous green. Again, reasonable at $3.754. $1 day old pastries that honestly do not taste a day old--they could sell them for full price and fool me5. A front room that is more social/buzzing (though by no means loud) and a back room that is more quiet and perfect for studyingBONUS: Everyone here, from baristas to customers, seems to be a major babe with more tattoos than Pittsburgh has bridgesThe only con I can really think of is that it's a bit out of the way for me, but there's a bus stop literally right in front of the store, which makes it pretty convenient. Trying to time the buses can be a little annoying because they come very rarely and I don't have a bus schedule (seriously, does Pittsburgh make bus maps? I've looked everywhere I could think of and haven't found one), but this place is worth it.
5	Although I've lived in Polish Hill since November 2010 this is the first time I've ever ventured into Lili's, and it most certainly will not be my last! This morning I took a few friends from Squirrel Hill on a walk around the neighborhood to explore and enjoy some exercise on our various sets of stairs. We decided to treat ourselves afterwards to breakfast and coffee and wanted to stay local, so Lili's was the place!   As we walked in just after the place opened at 8 AM I first noticed and enjoyed the tile fresco on the floor of the exterior entry. We then entered behind two gentlemen and were treated to some relaxing classical music as we perused the menu boards. The two gentlemen were obviously "regulars", judging by how the barista (owner?) knew exactly what they wanted and brought their drinks to them without even having to take their order. I love the type of neighborhood-oriented establishment where people know you this well! After some browsing we placed our orders. My one friend ordered the lox (fish) with capers and cream cheese on a bagel with coffee. I ordered an apple, spinach, and cheese melt on a cinnamon raisin bagel, as did my other breakfast partner. I ordered an iced mocha, and I believe she ordered an espresso. At the last minute I added a blueberry muffin to my order because it looked too good to pass up!    We sat at a nearby table and began to converse as other neighborhood residents entered for their caffeine fix en route to work. I shared my muffin with my friends, and it was delicious---moist and tasty. My one dining partner received his lox bagel almost immediately and remarked about how good it was. Our bagel melts took longer to come up, and the barista (owner?) apologize for the wait. To say it was awesome is an understatement. The atmosphere overall was very relaxed. After we ate we decided to explore a bit and were pleased to find out there was a back room with more plush seating and even a cute kids' play area built-in under the staircase that leads upstairs to two other businesses.     Living in Polish Hill you sort of have to compromise on leaving the neighborhood for most of your basic needs due to our dearth of commerce. With that being said I hope to now become a "regular" myself at Lili's, and I can't wait to take my partner here on my next weekend morning off for brunch!
4	It's a great little fixture in Polish Hill - definitely should be a list of best coffee places in the 'burgh. Not only is their coffee cheap but there's a record store upstairs! I think I could be under house arrest in this building and I'd be content.  I just wish they had more space for seating, but that can't really be helped.
5	I hate to reveal this but this is the hidden treasure coffee shop in Pittsburgh. I absolutely love this place- the location in Polish Hill is perfect and the place is a perfect blend of spunk and character. The people who work there are laid back and great, and the patrons who come in are from around the neighborhood and very Polish-Hilly. The food in particular is great. I've been enjoying tomato soup and grilled cheese many times this winter, as the hot food is a perfect counter to the drabness of weather outside. As a vegetarian I really appreciate and enjoy places that serve good veggie food, and this place is perfect for my kind of taste. They even serve dinner a few nights weekly, and I've heard the food is top-notch. Definitely a recommend!
5	Love this sunshiny spot! The omelette & coffee were perfect.
1	If you don't look the part don't bother. After recently moving here from NYC I've been on the hunt to find the perfect place to grab a cup and read a book. I walked in to stares, but no smiles. I ordered a large coffee to stay, but the barista gave me a to go cup. I noticed other people had ceramic cups, so that was a little disappointing. I sat down and read a chapter, but didn't feel comfortable staying much longer. I clearly stood out which didn't bother me but i guess other people don't want a "shady side" looking person in their shop. I will say the food smelled great, and they have a yummy looking menu. I would've definitely come back for food had the atmosphere been a little more welcoming. Different strokes for different folks. Hopefully other people have a better experience.
5	This is a great little cafe nestled in the boughs of the charming Polish Hill neighborhood - it has an excellent vibe, first-rate coffee/espresso, and a commendable menu selection replete with a number of vegan options.  I really like the stellar artwork that bedecks the walls. Usually coffee shop art is tacky, banal, and/or amateurish - however, I've found all of the art on display in Lili to be both interesting and aesthetically pleasing. Lili's is the antithesis of an insipid commercial chain coffee shop -  it's definitely among the best hangout spots Pittsburgh has to offer.***Update: I recently went to Lili's, and I guess the artwork rotates regularly. The stuff I saw today was really really poor quality.
2	I would love to rate higher, and if someone had brought it to me, I probably would. Their food offerings are somewhat limited, but all delicious. I've ordered foods and coffees both times I've been here. I live right down the street and was excited to see such a promising cafe so nearby. Unfortunately, I have to reiterate what others have said - the culture here is very clique-ish. If you're prepared to brave rude stares and be excluded from casual chit chat, step inside and purchase a treat. Then leave.
4	I was here for a friend's book reading last night. nice Iced coffee no bad vibes. I did not try any food just a simple iced latte it was fine. Its the kind of place with an artists eye, lots things to look at I never really got bored, very small intimate space though. Its the kind of place I would curl up with a book in a rainy day if I lived closer to the area. Polish Hill itself is worth taking a troll around. St. Anthony's chapel boasts over 5,000 relics. If you're into that sort of thing. My order was not taken by a barista she looked like some sort of desert godess who just stepped out of a burning man dance circle. Tall blonde Tan with interesting tats up and down her arms and sticker star tan line in the center of her forehead. I was in complete awe. Not sure where she came from but it wasn't Pittsburgh.
5	This place is awesome.. so glad that I discovered it. They have great coffee and a large selection of food items that they can make for you there. Keep up the good work!
4	Great little place, very neo-hippie vibe ... I dont know I'm nearly 40, maybe I should say hipster or something,  but think funky art, obscure records playing, tats and piercings, Robotech colored hair and patchouli nearly overwhelming the smell of coffee brewing. Everyone is super nice, no one's scoffed at my lame jokes or lack of ink or dreads, or my penchant for buying a single hard boiled egg to go that i carry in my pocket ... oh yeah, and they make a damned good cup o' joe. For these reasons and more, I've usurped the dukedom here :-p Long live Duke Don! LolPs. If you're rocking a Sunday morning hangover, do brunch here and grab yourself a Mindcure. Your brain will thank you.
4	Trendy little hipster place in Polish Hill neighborhood. Nice corner entrance, outdoor seating, small but quaint and a bit late 1960's retro.  The coffee here is solid. I had a Guatemalan on this morning, was very earthy, very good.  Pasties and treats are abound.  Good little place to go find if you're nearby.
3	Four stars for the brunch, but two for the service and atmosphere, so three stars fairly sums this place up. For starters, the pastries, coffee, and brunch offerings are all very good. The brunch in particular is a great value! In addition to a full plate of hot, high-quality food you get an orange juice and coffee for only $10! It's the price of a cheap diner, but with far better offerings. The menu changes weekly, and it's always something fresh and delicious with the option to make it vegan if necessary. They also seem to alternate between savory and sweet brunches, which is nice. It keeps your options open. I went with a group and we had savory goat cheese and pepper stuffed french toast with a raspberry drizzle on top. There was also bacon and a spinach side salad with a delicious vinaigrette dressing. Everyone loved it! I've also been back for cups of coffee, which were quite nice. I love a simple cup of coffee and a place to read a book more than almost anything else.The problem I have is with the clientele, employees, and general atmosphere. I get it, you all love living in Polish Hill and want it to stay small and undiscovered. Does that mean you have to be rude and unfriendly to everyone without an inch of grease in their hair or ten facial piercings? I've never once been smiled at or given anything more than gruff, brusque service here. Sorry my day job requires me to look a certain way. I promise it's still okay to treat me like a human being, not an inconvenience to be gotten rid of. The snobby atmosphere (coming from people who probably haven't even been to Portland no less) is the biggest drawback about this place to me. I love the food. I love the visual appeal of the place. I love that there is a record store on the upper floor. I just rather dislike feeling hazed every time I come here.
5	this place rules... good tunes, rice bowls, bagels, sandwiches, coffee... do it all plz.
