3	I write this review on the day of their grand opening, which I realize may not be completely fair since most grand openings always have their downfalls.  I also write this review as I eat my first meal from Chandler BBQ Co...and that makes me really think, 'Why am I typing a review instead of scarfing down my meal?'Well, the meal is just ok, that's why.I ordered a 1/2 slab of pork spare ribs and a pulled pork sandwich.  I got 2 sides with the ribs, 1 with the sandwich, and 2 cornbreads.  My bill was $20.  Compared to this kind of meal at Famous Dave's...I suppose it is on par.  The price is also what I would pay for this same meal at my all-time favorite bbq spot - Romy's Ribs.  Worth it?My 1/2 slab didn't seem shabby nor generous.  Its a 1/2 and nothing more.  The ribs are meaty enough, so the 1/2 will probably do you just fine.  With the 2 sides and the cornbread, $11.99 is sensible.  The sandwich is actually quite generously piled with meat.  Bigger than Honey Bear's, bigger than Romy's even.  With the side...its worth $6.99.Now the quality:Creating perfect ribs has become a passion of mine the last few years, but EATING perfect ribs has always been one of my favorite past times.  The Co's ribs came with a very small amount of sauce poured right in the middle of the serving, which doesn't win points for presentation.  Picking a piece up, I noticed that the smoke ring was very thin, hardly penetrating the surface of the rib.  Not good for smoked ribs.  I bit into one and it gave that good chew that some people like and others don't.  In my opinion, the chew gives you something to do while you're eating:)  Decent texture.  Taste was...only ok.  I'm sorry too, because this is their main attraction.  Perhaps it was due to grand opening craziness, but it was as though the care wasn't put into seasoning the ribs like it should've been.  Not nearly smoky enough...nowhere near.  But not a bad taste at all...just ok.  The sauce doesn't take away from the taste, but it doesn't add to it either.  Forgettable sauce.The pulled pork sandwich had a ton of meat on it, with the same bbq sauce splatted on top.  The presentation inside the styrofoam container was a bit better than the ribs, but still won no points.  This sandwich is the uiciest pulled pork I have ever had, and the most tender.  As far as taste though, it's downfall is the same as the ribs' - seasoning or lack thereof.  Perfectly cooked meat is nothing if it tastes like nothing.  I got some bits of skin and fat in mine which are meant to enhance the flavor, but those didn't have flavor either.  So unfortunate because this could've topped Romy's pulled pork.  Just season it!!!The sides...I tried to pick the sides that let you know if a place is 'for real' or not.  I got greens, beans & rice, and potato salad.  I cannot give any of them a passing grade.  Surprisingly, the greens were the best of the 3, however they were way too chewy and tangy...  The beans and rice came with 3 different beans - red, lima and something else...had the same tang as the greens which isn't good; also no savoriness to them.  The potato salad is too chunky for its own good, almost to the point of questioning the doneness of the potatoes...but a good actual taste, though.So if I have such complaints about the food, why give 3 stars?  Because I feel they will improve.  Someone who is very passionate about this community and local business (and who loves bbq) will go and have a talk with the owner at some point.  If the owner is any kind of a decent owner, they will listen.  The food is not bad.  It was just bland.  Keeping in mind that I saw a lot of younger people in and out of the kitchen, that this is ONLY THE GRAND OPENING, and that this is CHANDLER not St. Louis (or even Chicago)...I had to cut some slack.  If on my next few visits nothing has improved, they will be knocked down a star.Service was nice.  The cashier had the opening day frizzles and she had probably been at it all day, but she did everything with a smile.  Smiles from the girl who gave me the food...and I only spent about 7 minutes in the place.  The layout of the place needs some work...diners too close to the ordering line is a huge pet peeve of mine.  And my butt was almost in some lady's beans and rice.  Looks nice enough inside, though.I am rooting for this place.  For one thing, if I have a local bbq place, I'm going to be a much happier person.  Also, I like to see new businesses flourish.  Get some seasoning on that meat, and NEVER EVER SKIMP ON THE SMOKE!!!!  C'mon Chandler BBQ CO, you can do it!!!
2	I've had my eye on this place, and have been anticipating their opening.  I was really excited about the opening, and really in the mood for some bbq.  Because who doesn't love bbq, right?  Exactly!We went on opening day, which I wasn't sure if it was a good idea to do or not.  But we threw caution to the wind, and took a chance.  One would like to think that when you have a grand opening you'd be ready for anything, and everything, because well you're prepared.  Chandler BBQ Co, was not.   We got there around 630ish right before a rush of people showed up.  I wouldn't normally pick chicken over beef for my choice of bbq sandwich, but well yes they were out of what they call "the cow" their beef brisket.  You pay $6.99 for the bbq sandwich, the pig, the cow, or the bird.  With that you get a choice of one side, and cornbread.  I chose cole slaw for my side.  The place was packed.  They were selling large drinks for 30 cents.  That was really cool.  I thought w/ the side and sandwich and cornbread that it was more than a fair price.Like Mike H had said I too cannot stand when the order line is butt to butt with diners.  For this reason alone I would never dine in, this would always be to go.  Other than that the inside was fine, just small.It didn't take very long for us to get our food, and I knew I should have taken this as a warning sign when the old man who got his food right before me came up to the counter and had to ask the girl if what he has is cole slaw.  The girl behind the counter said yes, the old man replied "because it doesn't look like it"  I was already kind of regretting that I chose the slaw, but I stuck by my choice.  That became a regret later.The 30 cent large soda was a nice peace offering considering there was no ice, oh and no large lids.  When I was able to get the girls attention who gave me my order I told her they were out of large lids.  She went to the back for a minute or two, I waited, she came back with nothing.  We decided to say screw it and tossed one of the sodas, because who can drive with a large soda and no lid w/o it getting everywhere.  We get home and, before I take a bite of my sandwich I open up the cole slaw.  Oh my gosh, you have got to be kidding me I'm looking at a bowl of water with an obscene amount of dill floating on top.  I dared to take a bite, and it was so disgusting.  I can't imagine that it's supposed to be that way.  But, I will never try their slaw again.  I knew I should of changed it up when the guy next to me said it didn't look like slaw.  Oh, and apparently they were out of cornbread as well because neither of us got any.  The chicken was ok, but not much else, a little dry even.  Sad to say this was the most disorganized, disappointing grand opening of a restaurant I've ever experienced.  It's going to be a long time before I go back to this place and spend my hard earned money for a par for the course meal.   Please get it together. I really wanted to give it 2 1/2 stars.
1	Let me begin by saying we are HUGE supporters of Chandler's local eateries. So as a Kansas City boy who grew up in barbecue restaurants I was excited as could be to have a new barbecue joint opening just minutes from the house.  Without giving away the ending, I actually stopped my meal to rush to the PC to write this review.This ex-Quiznos location has easily the worst barbecue and sides I've ever had in my life!  Sorry, not trying to be rude but I feel like my neighbors need a warning before wasting their time and money. We went on Sunday shortly after 11 to pick up a pound of beef brisket and a pint of potato salad, two dishes that can really show the background, training and style of a BBQ joint.  The sign outside said "meat so tender you can leave your teeth at home" and to their credit the brisket was very tender.  The problem was that it had absolutely no flavor and reminded me of pot roast rather than anything coming off a smoker.  Furthermore, there was no smell of a smoker outside or inside, not a wiff! A pound of near shredded brisket (as opposed to sliced) was dumped in a styrofoam cup with two tiny cups of sauce along with our pint of potato salad and I headed home.While I was plating the sandwiches I sampled the potato salad.  I'm an easy potato salad guy and love creamy, mustardy, savory, any kind.  "Wow this stuff is bad," was my first reaction.  The potatoes were still too crunchy, thick rough skins 3" long were floating around in the salad and despite the presence of some red pepper, the dish was completely devoid of flavor. No salt, no pepper, no celery, no zip of any kind.  Well, to sum it up, my wife just fed the last 6 oz or so of meat to the dogs and pitched the potato salad.  Darn it! I really wanted to have another local successful restaurant at which to spend our dining dollars. My advice to the owners:1) Buy a smoker and don't pull that meat off until it has a 1/4" smoke ring when you slice it.  Slice it don't mash it into a pile.2) Throw out that potato salad recipe. Either test out some new ones or just buy it from Fry's next door.  Rough strips of cheap russet potato skins never make a dish better.3) Presentation matters, even for carryout.  A drink cup is not an appropriate vessel for meat.  Anyone who has participated in a BBQ competition knows that part of the score comes from how the meat is displayed.
1	Was excited about the opening of a BBQ place in Chandler.  Went on Saturday, the day after the grand opening, and it was very busy.  We weren't able to find a seat so we decided to leave a few minutes after arriving and the owner (nor staff) didn't seem to be aware nor worried that people were leaving.   However that didn't keep me from giving it another try today since I was in the mood for BBQ. I got there and decided to order a slice beef sandwich and a piece of sausage.  I ended up having to buy a sausage sandwich since they didn't sell a piece of sausage separately.   Unfortunately, when I got my food I was very disappointed.The slice beef sandwich was mush and more like a soggy pulled pork sandwich.  The meat had been soaked in beef broth to keep it moist but it made it lose it's flavor and didn't have any smoked flavor.  They covered the sandwich in BBQ sauce which is something a BBQ piece of meat shouldn't need.   The owner came over and asked me about the meat and when I mentioned that I was expecting a slice beef sandwich and that the meat was mushy he insisted that it was sliced beef but so tender that they can't keep it together.  As a BBQ conisseur, I've had many tender sliced beef sandwiches that don't taste like mush.  The sausage sandwich was some funky piece of sausage that tasted and looked horrible.   When I talked to the owner he once again defended it saying it was a Louisanna sausage and has the right balance of meat and spices and still didn't seem interested in his customer's feedback or satisfaction.So overall, my first visit was not what I expected.  I probably won't go back but if I do it will be a while from now and hopefully the owner will be more open to feedback. That is if they are still open.
1	Fail.My EX gf and I went there on a Sunday night, we were hoping for it to be half way decent even after reading the reviews on yelp.  Well we both ordered the pigs, a pulled pork sandwich with fries each.  It came out fairly prompt and we sat down to eat.  I could not tell you if it was pulled pork or pulled beef, the meat was darker than most pulled pork that I have had.  It did not even really taste like smoked pork  that I have had and more like roasted beef.  I did not have the heart to ask the owner if it was really smoked pork when he came over to ask us how things were.  The mystery meat was a bit tough and my gf thought very dry, she downed her soda because of it.  It almost seemed like the meat was overcooked then put in a holding bin with water to try to keep it moist because my bread was super soggy by the time I got it.  The sandwich buns were horrible and my gf even hated it and she loves bread.The fries had a decent enough seasoning on them but were soft and not very warm.  The barbeque sauce is the only thing halfway decent here that I had.  Its a shame, I was hoping for a decent bbq place down here in Chandler. Go to Joes Barbeque or Sallys bbq in Sedona for some real bbq.
3	Before we walked in, we got a coupon for buy-one-get-one free. Hey, why not right? The bbq was pretty good with some decent BBQ sauce, but it wasn't anything super that I'd go back for.
1	Was hopeful but disappointed. Everything from the service and preparation to containers and taste was bad. Short and sweet, I won't be returning. NEXT!
4	We finally stopped by after driving by several times.  It was pretty busy, but the staff was great and very friendly.  The pulled pork, turnip greens and cowboy beans were great!  We will definitely be back!
2	Hmmm, the pulled pork tastes... tastes like regular meat... no smoked pork seasoning taste. And the texture? Well, stringy, chewy consistency, probably undercooked. I see a smoke ring, but don't really taste the smoke flavor.The hot BBQ sauce on my table is like hot Mexican salsa.  Pick some up today as it would probably go great with enchiladas.Looking to my right, but what should I see?  Nothing covering the rack of cornbread, which is sitting by the stove. Flies (or most anything else) could settle down on it unfettered.But I have to say, the cornbread was soft & moist. Mine fell apart when I picked it up, and it did have a superb taste.The lunchtime staff is attentive, and we were greeted upon entry.The sweet potato fries were tasty and crisp on the outside.A bit skimpy on the coleslaw, and wow, no standard mac-n-cheese or potato salad on the menu, yet, there was nothing particularly exciting about the menu.The sample big cookie was horrid, and (look away) I had to spit it out. It was dry, crumbly, void of brown sugar or butter. No flavor! Its a sad day when you have to spit cookie mush out.To me, BBQ is a 'from scratch' type of food, and when you cut corners by using a pre-made pie crust for your sweet potato pie, or are dumping a bag of frozen sweet potato fries into the fryer, it disappoints. (though I have to give them props as they were pretty good)
1	This place wasn't to impressive. I think it was over priced for the quality of food. Portions were poor, The BBQ sauce was just missing something. Perhaps brown sugar or molasses. I do take into consideration this was right around the time they had first opened their doors. I'm sure once they get a little more experience  and customer feed back these simple flaws will be fixed.
1	Ordered the pulled pork, average at best.  Coleslaw is the absolute worst I have ever had.  Service is poor, kids don't care much if manager is not around.  Would not eat here again.
2	We were SO EXCITED to have a BBQ place close to our house. Our first experience was good, the food was okay (though i've had better BBQ). Complaints:-Pulled pork: dry, flavorless, soggy.-Beans/Coleslaw: disgusting.-Cookies: subpar, even though i havent had one. they are still in the shape of the frozen square they come in... no thanks.-Service: unenthusiastic employees, rude. 2nd visit: -Order was wrong, food gave us both horrible stomach aches... and didn't even taste good. (i only ate my sweet potato fries and ditched my sandwich).3rd visit: -Service was horrible-Order was wrong... again. I went back in to let the girl (short brunette) know i got regular fries instead of the sweet potatoes i loved. She replied with: "Are you sure?". Me: "I tasted them, and they are regular."Girl: "Oh, well let me go see if you ordered the sweet potato".ARE YOU KIDDING ME? My tastebuds aren't broken. I had my receipt. Regardless of whether or not YOU put it in right.... I wanted sweet potato fries. Didn't you learn the "customer is always right" rule?She then proceeded to roll her eyes and go get my fries (which took well over 5 minutes to fry, thaw, or whatever else they do to them).Needless to say: I won't be returning.
2	Location:Pretty easy to find. Just pull in and look for the sign.Inside: Plain, but I didn't expect much.Service:I was greeted as soon as I came in. I said I had never been here and asked for suggestions. Pig. Bird. Etc. were the suggestions.Food:I can't say I would rave about the food. The sandwich was OK, but I think it was on par with the buckets of pulled pork that you can buy at the supermarket. It was pretty large, I will give them that. I ordered the coleslaw and it was very dry. I worker later told me that if I liked it with a lot of sauce to just order it that way. Some people might like it as served, but I like it soupy.Workers:Young people. Nothing against young people but they were just flighty it seemed. The boss, or what I can only assume to be the boss came in close to closing to lock up the chairs. Not to judge, but he didn't say a work to any of the guests and just had his large "DJ" headphones on. he seemed more interested in bossing the girls around than customer service. Now, I admit, I normally kind of find the managers asking how your meal was to be kind of annoying. However, I found it more disappointing to have a manager figure come in and just be 100% unconcerned about people eating at his place.
4	Shocked, to say the least, at the other reviews. Have eaten at Chandler BBQ Co every Sunday since it's opening and have always been happy with the food and the service. The Pig sandwich, BBQ Potato, greens and sweet potato pie are some of my favs. Mac & cheese and fried green tomatoes have been a couple of the monthly specials; hoping mac & cheese becomes a permanent addition to the menu. The owner has always been friendly and has asked about our meal; he is also very active in the community. The space is usually pretty busy and the addition of  outdoor seating has been great; I've heard several people mention that he needs to move into a bigger place. Tells me I'm not the only one loving this BBQ joint, maybe just the only one writing about it.
4	Food is Excellent here! The BBQ sauce is the best around! I can't understand why all the bad reviews!
4	All these reviews are giving this place a bad rap! Its good! I live across the street... Seen the place many times... Today was the first visit! They greeted me at the door, were friendly, and very helpful. Food great prices and great BBQ! I ordered the potato salad... It was great! I am a usual yellow mustard potato salad girl but the Dijon was great! My husband ordered "the cow" and I had "the pig". No complaints. It's too bad this place is getting bad reviews!
1	On the positive side, the young staff was very welcoming and friendly.  Unfortunately, these kids lack the ability to execute real BBQ and the lack of technique and authenticity here is shameful.  As a rule, I generally love ALL BBQ and respect anyone willing make a career out of it.  I have to break that rule for this place.  They seem to be at every big event in the east valley, so they must spend more $ on marketing/promotions than anything else.  Clearly, all of their smoke is in their mirrors, not in their meat!In my first (and last) visit here tonight, I ordered a sampler of pork, beef, and chicken.  All 3 were served pulled and had the same, grey and not-so-fresh appearance.  All meats were pulled out of metal hotel pans, which must have been covered and sitting in simmering water all day.  As the meat was being served, water was visibly dripping off of it.  I emphasize WATER, not the meat's natural juices.  The flavor reflected the watery appearance.  Any smoke flavor (I'm guessing mesquite) had been washed away by water, which is likely the result of sweating from the hotel pan.  The same water made the meat rubbery and just overall unpalatable.Good BBQ must have a good sauce and it must be served WARM.  Not only is the sauce served cold like ketchup, it is very low quality.  In fact, I would venture to guess it is bottled.  It is way too thick for a real BBQ fan and is suspiciously close in flavor and texture to Bill Johnson's Spicy BBQ sauce.Consistent with the main dish, the sides also disappoint.  Sweet potato fries looked like the frozen brand I buy at Costco.  The grilled vegetables were fresh, but undercooked (cooked in a fry pan, not truly 'grilled').  The cornbread had a rubbery texture, which may have simply been the result of sitting out all day.
4	I'm not really big into bbq, but I had the cow and it was pretty damn tasty. The potato salad was delicious, and the staff was really sweet and helpful, too.
1	I'm a big fan of BBQ so when I saw a $10 for $20 worth of BBQ discount through BuyWithMe.... I was all over it. Unfortunately, it was the worst BBQ that I've had in years. I ordered half a rack of ribs... the meat was somewhat tender, but overly smokey & completely slathered in a giant pool of BBQ sauce (I can only assume to try & hide the bad taste). For sides, I got the Sweet Potato Fries... which were basically the same ones I get frozen from Costco (& the best part of the meal) & the cowboy 3 beans.... which was more like a bean soup & just ok. My girlfriend got the fried catfish & it was flavorless... it didn't taste like catfish at all... it looked like another item bought pre-made & frozen. The decor was ok, but the place is tiny. There are maybe 8 small tables inside & maybe 10-12 tables outside. You seat yourself & order from the counter... so it's more of a fast food atmosphere. The employees were friendly enough, but it doesn't matter how friendly you are when the food isn't good. I think the sandwich prices were pretty cheap, but the ribs were the same price ($13-14 half/ $20 full rack) you would pay if you got them at a REAL BBQ place like Famous Daves. I'll never go back to Chandler BBQ Company.... why would I when there are so many better options out there?
1	my boyfriend and i both got the bbq brisket- i got the protein plate, which has no bun. his was horrendously dry and mine was horribly greasy. the corn bread was tiny and hard and the sides were awful. my first and last vist!
1	I lived in the south for 5 years.  I like to think that time spent there , eating at every barbecue joint I could find, has possibly made me some sort of low-level barbecue aficionado.  With that being said,  Chandler BBQ company is nothing to go out of your way for.  While their barbecue sauce is quite tasty, the brisket I had was as dry as shoe leather.  What was touted as "sweet potato fries" were some kind of previously frozen sweet potato tater tot.  Finally, the corn bread would be better served as a door stop.
4	Im surprised by all the off reviews. My husband and I love this place, the pulled chicken is seriously delisious.
1	Recently purchased a Groupon in order to try out the Chandler BBQ Company.  I had heard good reviews of the place so thought I might try it out.  I ordered the sampler platter while my coworker ordered a BBQ salad.  The total ended up being approximately $22 (incorporating the Groupon).  When I got my plate I was shocked to see that not only was my sampler platter approximately the same quantity of meat as my coworker (who had paid half the price for the dish) but my 2 sides of fries one was normal size while the other was half the quantity of the first. The food was also not that great (my sampler platter meat was pretty dry).  Will never be going back and honestly if you are looking for a good deal and good food this is probably not the place for you.
5	Very friendly staff, nice little patio area & damn good BBQ. Potato salad has a nice mustardy taste with big chunks of red potatoes. Sweet potato fries are actually sweet potato tator tots. Rubs were awesome! Already separated with a nice rub & squirt of sauce on each. They have extra sauce on available including a hot sauce with some serious bite!All in all this is a great little gem and much  better than corporate America's idea of "famous" BBQ.
1	I've tried just about every BBQ joint here in the Phoenix Metro area - even those who have closed and I can say by far that Chandler BBQ Company is the worst BBQ I have ever tasted in my life.  This place advertised "...meat so tender it falls off the bone.." well, the meat was not tender and it did not fall off the bone.  There was no flavor.  I brought some home for dinner and my family (who loves BBQ) could not stomach it - we wasted a lot of food that night - had to eat something else right away to get the bad taste of that "BBQ" out of our mouth. Now that being said, that was my experience, first and last, you may have a different experience if you go.  I'm giving it 1 star because I did not like it at all - very horrible experience.  TAYOR!!!!
1	I am a very easy to please food patron so if I'm writing a review with 1 star, it's bad, and there's a reason.  Ordered by the pound sliced brisket and pulled chicken.  When I picked up the food, it was in two large styrofoam drink cups.  I paid a whopping $25 for two lbs of meat, that is ridiculous.  Wait, that's not the worst part, I ORDERED A LB OF SLICED BRISKET! Before leaving I thought I'd check what was in the cups, sure enough shredded chicken and shredded beef.  Asked the employee why I got shredded meat, and they said the meat is so "fall off the bone" that it shreds out of the oven.... Fine, but don't have on your menu Sliced brisket!!! I totally would've skipped the place if they didn't have sliced brisket, and there you go.  Taste?? Super fatty and left a fatty taste in my mouth, Bleh!!
2	Stopped in to this joint for lunch one day and ordered brisket.  They had pulled it for sandwiches, instead of slicing it.  Was stringy and tough.  May try again later, may not. My quest for good brisket in the valley continues.  So far Famous Dave's is my top choice.
4	Great bbq and great prices.  The hot bbq sauce has the perfect amount of zing!
5	I'm from Memphis where they have the best pulled pork I've found. I've been looking for a place in Arizona that could match a bad day's BBQ in Memphis for 6 years. I found it here! The food is great. The employees make you feel welcome. Love the blues music they play. Nice, clean and comfortable place.
3	I first tried this place the first week they opened a year ago. Absolutely disgusting. BUT. I found a living social deal recently for Chandler BBQ and decided to give it another try, being a year later. The deal ended up being 100% free for us so why not!I Ordered "The Pig" Pulled Pork Sandwich:   A year ago= GROSSSS-could not even take more than couple bitesOne year later= Soooo much better!! Huge improvement! The owner stated that this is their most popular menu item, 2nd being the brisket. It has improved so much, but still has a watery texture to it.  The BBQ sauce is pretty good and is what probably saved the sandwich. I ordered the coleslaw as a side. I dont know what it was mixed with but that was disgusting, didnt not eat more than one bite. The cornbread had potential. It was very dry and crumbly, but the flavor had hope. We also ordered the fried zuchini appetizer - best part of the meal. Very very good, but very greasy of course. I only give this place 3 stars because of how much I think the food has improved there within a year. Personally though, I would never "crave" to come back here, it was just O.K. compared to other BBQ experiences.
1	I should have read the reviews before going. $30 for 2 rib tip dinners down the drain. It's sad that someone who invests this kind of money in a Chandler business can't get it together. I really wanted a good BBQ place in my neighborhood. The rib tips were more like pork pot roast. I don't know how they did it but the meat was soggy, full of water so I can only assume they had been in a sealed pan with water in it all day. Almost like steamed pork and nothing like what a good smoked rib tip should be not to mention they were chopped up into tiny pieces making a fork necessary. The mashed potatoes were brown (yes brown), the sweet potato fries were store bought tater tots, corn bread dry and crumbly and the garden salad was the same stuff you buy at Costco in the bag. Even the iced tea was old and had a foul taste to it. This was just a bad experience all the way around. I DO NOT recommend this place to anyone. Sorry guys, way to many better options out there to serve food like this and expect to make it.
1	WOW! That was really bad! This has got to be some of the WORST food I have ever been served. Brought my small family of 3. My wife and son left in the middle of dinner to go eat somewhere else. We were hungry so almost anything would have tasted good, but so many things were done so very poorly here. The first batch of cornbread we were served looked like scraps off a plate. We asked for fresh cornbread and it still tasted dry and tasteless. It looked bad, it tasted bad. The grilled side of veggies for my wife were all greasy and tasted awful. The BBQ Baker tasted like an old reheated microwaved potato. I could only describe the flavor as "stale potato". The side of mashed potatoes were a brown yellow color. They tasted about as good as they looked, which wasn't good. The meat in the sandwich was okay. I wouldn't call the meat good or bad, it was just okay. The buns for both sandwiches were dry and 'bready' tasting. Not good. My wife and son didn't like the barbeque sauce. I thought it was okay, but i found myself trying to eat as little of it as possible...just enough to get the dry sandwich to slide down...so not a good sign. If it couldn't get any worse, we took the nasty grilled veggies and "baked" potato back to the counter and traded it in for the BBQ Salad. The menu reads "Crisp Mixtures of Greens"...um no...the salad was completely iceberg lettuce out of a bag with a few traces of shredded carrots and 2 slices of tomato, then will a scoop of beef thrown on top. The box of salad had a "Friday" sticker on it so it was made at least a day ago. The tomato slices were noticeably stale. ...$6.99 for some stale iceberg lettuce out of a bag???...are you kidding me?! Also, ironically, the menu describes the BBQ Baker as "Fresh Baked Potato". How can you say that when it was clearly a Reheated potato in the Micowave? Lastly, I found it really annoying that i asked for a water cup and was given a styrofoam cup the size of a shot glass. When I asked why I can't get a regular sized styrofoam cup, the register girl said the owner gets mad if they give out the bigger cups for water. The counter guy then tried to explain to me that the bigger cups have to be charged for because since they are bigger they cost more. Please!...Sorry if I don't subscribe to the "soda with every meal" corporate America brainwashing philosophy. Personally, I like to drink water. I think it's healthier...just my opinion. Anyways, I commented to my wife that the ridiculously small cheapy-sized water cups showed to me that the owner cared more about himself than the people he was serving. Then the food was brought out to my table and my eyes about popped out. I'll eat almost anything, but 90% of the food at this place is just plain garbage.
2	Over-priced and salty!I have been here twice and regretted it both times.  I work in the area and thought a pulled pork sandwich would be amazing for lunch.  I thought the food was decent but definitely overpriced.  I felt sick from eating half a sandwich and the potato salad because they put too much salt in their food.  The second time I ate there their bbq sauce was spicier than before; they claimed they didn't use the hot bbq sauce on my sandwich, but the owner quickly changed the subject.Not impressed and not worth my $8.
2	We were here several weeks ago.  The owner is enthusiastic and really cares.  He was eager to help us order, and very interested in our opinions.  But the food we had was just ordinary.  Nothing special.  Some items seemed excessively salty, too.  We did mention the saltiness.  Maybe he'll fix it.Portion size was OK.  Their menu does feature some interesting sides (sweet potato fries and turnip greens, among others).There are other places I would go before coming back here.  Maybe if I had a coupon or something.  Otherwise I'm going to Dave's if I'm on this side of town, or Joe's if I'm in Gilbert.
5	I've lived in Texas for 45 years and moved to Phoenix within the last couple of years. Texas has some amazing BBQ. Have been looking for some good BBQ here. Joe's in old town Gilbert is pretty good, but Chandler BBQ is hands down the best BBQ we've found in the PHX area so far. Small place with BIG flavor.Ran across it by accident with a coupon. Decided to try it. Glad we did. Tried the sampler platter and the meat just melted in our mouths. The cole slaw was unique and delicious and the mustard greens were awesome! Great southern cooking right here in the SW. Enjoyed the mist cooled patio right during the middle of summer. First time to try it but will definitely be back. You won us over Chandler BBQ Co!
4	I am Texas born with some GA and KC flare and my husband is STL and GA all the way. Needless to say, we have some experience with BBQ. We are always looking for the best wherever we move/visit.  Chandler BBQ offered up some of the best pulled pork I have had in AZ.  The meat was tender and juicy, offered up on a butter toasted bun, the red beans and rice was flavorful.  I do wish the cornbread was offered without Jalapenos (not a fan), but other than that I left full and satisfied.  The pricing was fare.  We purchased 2 Sandwich meals and 2 Kids meals for about $25.  The servings are adequate.  We will go back...I want to try their family deal for $40..they say it easily feeds 5.  I see leftovers.
1	WOW! That was really bad! This has got to be some of the WORST food I have ever been served. Brought my small family of 3. My wife and son left in the middle of dinner to go eat somewhere else. We were hungry so almost anything would have tasted good, but so many things were done so very poorly here. The first batch of cornbread we were served looked like scraps off a plate. We asked for fresh cornbread and it still tasted dry and tasteless. It looked bad, it tasted bad. The grilled side of veggies for my wife were all greasy and tasted awful. The BBQ Baker tasted like an old reheated microwaved potato. I could only describe the flavor as "stale potato". The side of mashed potatoes were a brown yellow color. They tasted about as good as they looked, which wasn't good. The meat in the sandwich was okay. I wouldn't call the meat good or bad, it was just okay. The buns for both sandwiches were dry and 'bready' tasting. Not good. My wife and son didn't like the barbeque sauce. I thought it was okay, but i found myself trying to eat as little of it as possible...just enough to get the dry sandwich to slide down...so not a good sign. If it couldn't get any worse, we took the nasty grilled veggies and "baked" potato back to the counter and traded it in for the BBQ Salad. The menu reads "Crisp Mixtures of Greens"...um no...the salad was completely iceberg lettuce out of a bag with a few traces of shredded carrots and 2 slices of tomato, then will a scoop of beef thrown on top. The box of salad had a "Friday" sticker on it so it was made at least a day ago. The tomato slices were noticeably stale. ...$6.99 for some stale iceberg lettuce out of a bag???...are you kidding me?! Also, ironically, the menu describes the BBQ Baker as "Fresh Baked Potato". How can you say that when it was clearly a Reheated potato in the Micowave? Lastly, I found it really annoying that i asked for a water cup and was given a styrofoam cup the size of a shot glass. When I asked why I can't get a regular sized styrofoam cup, the register girl said the owner gets mad if they give out the bigger cups for water. The counter guy then tried to explain to me that the bigger cups have to be charged for because since they are bigger they cost more. Please!...Sorry if I don't subscribe to the "soda with every meal" corporate America brainwashing philosophy. Personally, I like to drink water. I think it's healthier...just my opinion. Anyways, I commented to my wife that the ridiculously small cheapy-sized water cups showed to me that the owner cared more about himself than the people he was serving. Then the food was brought out to my table and my eyes about popped out. I'll eat almost anything, but 90% of the food at this place is just plain garbage.
3	We were expecting a restaurant and found a tiny strip-mall take-out joint with a few two-person tables and one table for four. The place has a sports theme (go Hamilton Huskies!) and one large TV. You order at the counter from a menu posted on the wall, pay at the counter, and receive your food at your table.We had a LivingSocial deal and spent our $20 on two medium sodas, two pulled pork sandwiches (one side included - we had fries), and one small dish of vanilla ice cream scooped from a large tub. The three young people behind the counter were so nice and friendly, very welcoming, and made sure we knew about the specials before ordering. We were served our meal withing five minutes of ordering. There was one other family in the restaurant when we arrived (no orders ahead of us) and several came in behind us. It seemed fairly busy for early on a Saturday night.Our pulled pork sandwiches and fries came in a basket with a square of corn bread. Everything tasted pretty good. The fries were the kind that are coated a bit, almost like a jo-jo, and had just a hint of heat (I don't like heat, and I wolfed down those fries, they were great!). The fries were fresh and hot, temperature-wise, crisp on the outside and tender and fluffy inside. The pulled pork was served on a large shiny bun, which should have been toasted to keep the bottom half from getting soggy with the meat's moisture. Not a big deal, but would have been nice. We were surprised to find "veggies" in the pulled pork, and the server explained that it was their "signature cole slaw." I didn't really care for the crunch of pieces of cabbage and carrot in my pulled pork, but the taste was good. The temperature of the large portion of pulled pork on the bun could have been hotter; it was lukewarm in the middle. The BBQ sauce, served in large squeeze bottles, has a bit of zing to it.The corn bread was excellent, although the jalapenos in it were pretty hot. I managed to eat around them and enjoy the bread anyway. It's served with real California butter.Beverages are self-serve and reasonably priced. Our "medium" styrofoam cups cost $1.29 and were the size that used to be large at many places.While this won't become of our favorite hangouts, we were pleased with what we had and would recommend it for a quick, casual meal. I do think it was a bit overpriced.
5	The BBQ was soooooo good! A pound of Riblets, grilled vegetables and Sweet Potato Tater tots equals food coma & SATISFIED!  If you did not have enough sauce, they have extra bottles of BBQ sauce available including a chunky HOT sauce with some kick in it! The patio area was very spacious and they had great customer service.All in all this is a great BBQ spot and I will likely return in the near future with friends and family.
1	Terrible.Not much else to say. Wife picked up a $50 assortment of everything they had and it was truly the only time BBQ has ever been THROWN AWAY at this house. Literally the worst BBQ we have ever tried and we eat a lot. Everything tasted dehydrated in a large way.Pass.
5	Being from Texas and growing up around REAL barbeque, I have to say that this is the best barbeque I have ever had in Arizona. These guys know exactly how to smoke the meat until fall off the bone tender, then serve it up with mouth watering sauce, homemade sides, and cold drinks. I love that this place is family owned. You will love it! Go out and support local businesses so we can have more like these!
1	How can they ruin BBQ? But they do! Just pass them by.
5	My wife and I each had the BBQ sandwich and they were great, the fried zucchini  to anyone.was fantastic, and the prices were reasonable.  Would highly recommend
1	My hubbie and I are foodies.  This food was an enormous let down.  We had the baby back rib dinner with coleslaw, cowboy beans and sweet potato pie.  i'll start with the pie.  If you are picturing a nice, normal size piece of pie you will be disappointed.  If you are familiar with the miniature, 3-inch BAMA pecan pies from gas station stores, this is exactly what you get -- a 3-inch disposable pie tin with a dark mixture in it resting on what looks like pressed brown sugar (not crust) but isn't sweet.  The filling itself was very mediocre.Onto the coleslaw.  Like so many other reviews I have now read about their food, it is the strangest tasting coleslaw we have ever tasted.  It had an overwhelming flavor of some spice that is just not compatible with barbeque.  It tastes like medicine.  We could not identify if it had mint, tarragon or cilantro in it--or all three but it was overwhelming.  (Imagine the taste of mint or licorice with barbeque--yuck!  No way is this "Southern coleslaw."   I have lived all over the South and have never had this weird flavor, medicine tasting coleslaw.Onto the babyback ribs.  first,, I do want to say that they are very good quality, meaty babybacks.  The problem is that they are not being properly prepared.  First if all, any chef or good home grillmaster knows you should always strip the layer of sinew off the back of each rib bone before cooking.  This was not done.  When my husband grills them, they fall off the bone.  These were wet like they had just come out of a wet steamer pan or were just boiled but not baked or grilled thereafter.  When we bit into them, we had to tug hard to even pull the rib meat off the bone.  My husband, in utter frustration, created an aluminum foil tent over them, slathered them with the extra barbeque sauce we had ordered and baked them at 350 degrees for over an hour.  Then the rib  meat came right off the bone without the slightest chewiness.  Moral of this part of the story:  they are either being way undercooked or no other process besides boiling is being used.It was the owner himself who cooked our food and delivered it to us (and he forgot our cornbread which we only discovered later).  The shame of it all is that he is investing in very meaty good quality rib, but clearly is not a true chef and (I hate to sound insulting) but he needs cooking & grilling lessons.  And he needs to read these reviews, like all the complaints about the weird cole slaw, and be responsive by making changes.  If I were him, I'd add warm applesauce with apple chunks or slices and maybe corn pudding or a corn side of some sort, change the slaw to a traditional apple vinegar & sugar dressing or mayo based dressing, invest in real whole pies and offer slices that at least SEEM like they were baked there--and watch some online videos on how to properly bake/grill or smoke babyback ribs.  He seems like a nice guy so I hate to see him not make it.  But if Gordon Ramsey stopped by, he'd tell him the same thing!I did like the cowboy means although the texture was very close to the mashed pinto beans you get with Mexican food (i.e. overcooked).
5	Really good food!! Staff was friendly and super helpful and I got my food fast!! Def my new fave bbq place in Chandler!
2	Picked up a Deal Chicken deal for this place and decided it was time to give it a try.Friday night. 530 - and there was one customer in the house.  That is not usually a good sign but we figured what the heck.I ordered the pulled pork with slaw and sweet potato fries.  DH ordered beef brisket with the same sides. Both came with cornbread.  DS had the pulled pork with the cowboy beans and the French fries.The portions are decently sized.  No complaints there.The pulled pork was served with the sauce ladled over it.  That would not be my preference but I had not idea (there was sauce on the table so i thought it would be served naked).  I will grant them that it was smoky and moist - but it was absolutely tasteless. A good pulled pork will have smoke but will also will have a good rub on it and this one didn't.  Same with the brisket.  So I will give them points for not being dried out but definitely not the best I have ever had.And the sweet potato fries were actually tots.  Okay, if you are Napoleon Dynamite, this is your kind of place.  But they advertised them as fries. I, for one, outgrew tots about 20 years ago but whatever.The French fries, however, are actual fries and dusted with something - maybe a chili powder?  Meh. DS said they are okay but nothing to write home about.Now, onto the slaw.  Okay, I have had vinegarette slaws before and had them with celery seed which is Southern and okay. This had dill and caraway.  I am sure that is a variation on the slaws I have had but it did nothing for either DH or I.And the beans? DS actually didn't finish them - and that kid has never met a bean he didn't like.....he said that they just didn't have a good taste.The cornbread was obviously homemade with flecks of pepper in it - it was okay, not the worst, not the best.  Service? Very nice, very friendly.So - overall score card:Nice sized portionsFriendly serviceMeat is well-smoked and tender and moist, but not at all seasonedSides are not all that memorable.I think that BBQ is a highly personal thing.  I am from PA which is NOT the BBQ capital of the world - but I tend to like a good rub on a meat and a good sauce on the side. And I like my sides - so often, I have found sides seem to be an afterthought to many BBQ places.If they rethought the sides here and added a good mac and cheese (really - what more do you need?), I might try it again.  But there are an abundance of local BBQ places in the area that I will work my way thru first....
1	We used a Deal Chicken and even at the discounted price, it wasn't worth it.  I ordered the pulled pork dinner with potato salad and sauteed veggies, my husband the brisket with fries and cole slaw.  Both meats were tough and not evenly pulled, with sauce poured over them.  The portion of meat was generous but both tasted bland and undercooked.  The sauteed vegetables, primarily green and red peppers were swimming in oil.  The fries and potato salad were the best part of the meal.  The small piece of cornbread was flavorful.  I am seriously concerned about the cleanliness (or lack thereof) of the place.  The cornbread was on a large baking pan, uncovered.  The sweet tea was served from a bucket with a spigot; the container was labeled "sweet tea" in red marker.  Without the Deal Chicken, the prices would have been sinful.   We won't go back.
4	Where I fell in love with sweet potato fries! Super friendly and delicious!! Seating is limited and wasn't a fan of the slaw.
4	Recently drove from Tempe, with my husband, to try out this spot.We not only got good food...we had wonderful, friendly service!The owner greeted everyone and made us feel at home!
1	I ordered the sampler platter and two sides and peach cobbler, and I have never said this before after eating food, but this place sucks! Stay away!
1	Coming from NC, I am a BBQ nut. I was hoping this place would meet my needs. In short, the meat was tender but tasted boiled & old. The sausage link tasted like it came out of Costco. The BBQ sauce had more smoke flavor than the pulled pork or the brisket. Famous Daves is still my go to place. Guys its real simple...if you don't smell smoke, don't eat it!
1	TERRIBLE PLACE! Got BBQ for 4th July and the worst I ever had.  Pulled pork was dried out and gross, the ribs undercooked. I ended up sick from it... Don't waist your money. This place is expensive and disgusting.
2	The BBQ sauce is very good. That's about it. The pork was a bit dry and for the price, you'll think it should be better. I had the cookie as a dessert and it just taste like something out of a package.
1	The evening started with the ASU Sun Devils down 28/7. That should have been a clue.  My favorite Chinese, China King was closed for a "private party" needless to say we were looking for something to deliver just in case they made a touch down. This certainly was not a touch down.When this restaurant first opened we spend over $70.00 buying everything for a tester with the family.  After a few bites it all went into the garbage.  That should have been the second clue.So after two years we said "hey lets give it a shot "since no one wanted to drive anywhere.  Once again it all ended up in the garbage! Similar to the game currently on.  What is with the cole slaw?  There are no words to describe it other then "what am I tasting? ...... Garbage immediately.I don't think there could be enough barbecue sauce to make it edible.We had an assortment. Pig sandwich (GONG), beef sandwich (GONG), brisket (GONG) and baby back ribs (GONG)!  No score for the sides either, potato salad, rice and beans, tater tots sweet potatoes and corn bread.Give Piggly's at the Fair a try. At least you can eat it without having to dump a gallon of sauce on the meat.  Or if you're ever in Chicago, Smoque!  That's the best I have ever had.
2	I first heard of this place when the owner/operator was in a local OfficeMax screaming at the employees, after he was kicked out of the store I saw him get into a "Chandler BBQ" labeled car and thought "wow, that's some bold advertising, I gotta try his restaurant". I tried some ribs and a pulled pork sandwich, the ribs were tasty but a little tough, the pulled pork was sadly dry and plain. When I asked for some extra sauce on the side I received the sauce with an extra surprise of attitude on the side. A little customer service and kind attitude goes a long way in making a meal just a little bit better, unfortunately the meal was speaking for itself.
1	I'm from Chicago and have eaten a lot of BBQ and being in the service I've had it From all over the country. These guys don't know BBQ. Avoid at all cost they are rude with bad food   I don't know where to tell you to go but not here.
1	I want to start this off by saying that I love to support local businesses and I know how bad reviews can hurt them. But this food was so bad I hopped on here for the first time in years just so I could warn people. The brisket was fatty and funky tasting. The country ribs were terrible. The turnip greens barely made it past my lips before being spit out. The "coleslaw" was the strangest version of coleslaw I have ever had...so much so that I wouldn't even call it coleslaw. It was tangy and dry and gross...and again barely made it past my lips before being spit out. I think it had dill in it? Very bizarre. In any case, I would never, ever eat from here again...even if it was free.
2	Look, this place isn't going to impress you and make you moan with culinary ecstasy.  It's kinda edible for the most part and does what it can if you've a craving for something particular that they offer.Our order consisted of several items, as reviewed below:Baby Back Ribs - The fat wasn't rendered off very well and the meat was hardly fall-off-the-bone.  Their barbecue sauce wasn't anything to write home about, but it was fine.  They were edible, but it was a bit of an ordeal to eat around all the fat.Fried Zucchini - This was probably the best thing.  Not over battered, cut into manageable slices rather than giant zucchini sticks some places give you, and generally tasty.Chicken Strips - These must have been sitting in a warmer for awhile and not made fresh.  A little dry and over-crunchy.  Again, edible, but not worth $7.French Fries - This is misleading.  When I think of "french fries" I think of thin McDonald's style fries.  These are WEDGES.  Had we known they were wedges, we wouldn't have ordered them.  They might be fine for wedges, I wouldn't know, because I don't like wedges.  Oh, they also came in a sad, brown paper bag just DRIPPING with grease.  Gross.Potato Salad - Potato salad is one of my favorite side dishes.  This was not good.  They left the skins on the russet potatoes.  That seems really bizarre to me for potato salad.  Red potato skins, sure... but russet potato skins in my potato salad? No, thanks.  I'm not sure what all they put in this salad, but it was orange and just strange tasting.  Side Salad - Ok, this was just a joke.  The description was "mixed greens" and it was clearly from some prepackaged mix that included iceberg lettuce and slivers of cabbage.  That's it.  No tomatoes or cucumbers or carrots or anything at all.  And, the best part... the online delivery didn't give an option for choosing dressing (which I failed to notice) and so it didn't come with any dressing.  I'm not sure what I'm supposed to do with plain iceberg lettuce.  Perhaps tomorrow I'll make a BLT?They also didn't provide us with any utensils OR NAPKINS.  We ordered ribs and received NO NAPKINS.  When I order ribs I expect napkins and wet naps, even if it's take out.I had actually started off this review giving them 3 stars, but as I continued to type things out I realized how pitiful this meal actually was, so in the end I made it 2 stars.  It's not likely a place we'd order from again.
2	Everything tasted a bit strange....it was just ok. I had delivery,  so after delivery charge and tip we are looking at over $20 for just one meal. The price is too high for the quality they are putting out. The bbq pork was watery, the potato salad had tons of sauce and not many potatoes.  The grilled veggies were all grilled onions?? Just strange, and I won't be buying from here.
1	One word Nasty. I love BBQ and was excited to try this place. So after convincing my family to go here. We went in and tried it. I ordered the slider sandwich and my son had ribs. The pulled pork in the sliders was ice cold in the middle and the ribs for my son where also cold and nasty. The mac and cheese was mush and cold. The service also was horrible and they weren't even busy. We were the only customers. Our check was a total of 37 dollars for that garbage food. We just left it and walked out. But, we payed for it the next day with food poisoning.  My advice avoid this place.
5	This is the absolute best BBQ joint I've had in a long and met the owner, very nice, OMG DELICIOUS!!! I recommend  the Catfish, but ya gotta have everything. OMG!!!
5	Had a last minute delivery before they closed. Took about 45 minutes and we had our dinner at our door. The ribs were so tender that the meat fell off the bone. Cowboy beans and coleslaw are top notch. Coleslaw is unique, not sure what the secret ingredient is, but it sure works. Will call again for delivery, much better than having a pizza delivered.
1	I brought some friends over, and the food was just awful. The "Pigs" and "Beef" sandwiches we got were lackluster, bland, and slathered in a awful bbq sauce. The worst part? My potato salad tasted "off." (My boyfriend tried it as well.) I exchanged it at the counter for some fries. We overheard an employee say, "Wow, we get that a lot. We should really put dates on these things."GROSS GROSS GROSS.
1	Wouldn't eat here even if it was free!!  Went there for lunch looking to support a local business.  BBQ was not good.  Huge disappoint.  Pulled pork was very salty, sauce was bland and tasted store bought.  Our coleslaw tasted days old and was very pickled. I ended up scooping it off my pork sandwich it was so bad.  Not sure what recipe they use for it, but I have never tasted any thing this bad. I love local businesses, but here is one place I won't go back.
