3	It would be a bit more convenient if you were located on the other side of the highway, near the outlets, but whatever.I think Anthem itself is a little funny.  You know the opening credits in WEEDS?  Yeah, that's Anthem.  It's funny, but not.  Kinda sad.
5	The Baristas Justin and Anthony make my day everytime I go there. They are so cute!!! I love starbucks but the fact that this one has a drive through makes it all the better. I like how they know me by my voice or my order. There is one guy there that creeps me out... He is an older guy with this weird stalker voice. It does get crowded in the morning though... But they get you in and out fairly quickly. BTW did I mention how ridiculously good looking Justin is? He's the Barista with that wonderful smile.Can't wait to go there tomorrow morning!!!My drink of choice: Iced Venti Americano no water lite ice and sometimes I get a splash of soy if I am feeling like being on the crazy side.
2	2 stars for the drive through.  Everything else about this Starbucks leaves you wondering, "why don't you just get back in your car and drive down to the other Starbucks on Daisy Miuntain"...
4	The one on Daisy mountain is better!
2	I would not be giving any stars if not for the coffee being decent.  That said, the service (drive through) is terrible.  I mean terrible.  The employees there spend too much time talking sacrificing good service.  It has taken us 20 and 25 minutes to get through the drive through lane and it is not just because they are busy.  I have watched them in action in the store and they are just not efficient.  I have heard the Daisy Mountain Starbucks is better so will probably give them a try although they do not have a drive thru.  Hopefully the management sees this and does something about the service.  I have a hard time waiting that long in line when they have 6 people working behind the counter.  Ugh.........
5	Zu and the crew are amazing. Always there with a smile and they all know my order. Great place with great people.
3	The lines in the am on this Saturday was extremely long adleast 5-6 cars in front of me, by the time you get to the window you expect to be greeted. However, the sliding doors are closed until they give your order. Yes, they said a friendly greeting but nothing above and beyond such as apologizing for the wait. She gave me my order and ran my card. I had to ask for a receipt. Very lackluster experience for a 10-15 minute wait.
5	Thank you, Starbucks on Anthem Way, for fueling my daily morning coffee addiction. The staff is friendly and the drinks are delicious. My iced coffee gets me through the workday!From, your neighborhood venti iced coffee with soy milk, two sweet-and-lows, no classic drinker.
1	It would have been faster if I would have grown, harvested, and brewed the tea myself. Last time I come to this location ever!They are always out of things and there is ALWAYS a huge line.
5	The staff is friendly and always serve me my coffee with a smile (and I go twice a day, too)! The drive-thru line in the morning is not the place for someone to be who is in a hurry, that's for sure. Nothing bad to say about the place or it's people at all! I am always a satisfied customer!
5	I love the crew here ! Manager Lisa S. Is always good for a laugh and most the staff no what I'm ordering as soon as I step through the door. Lots of friendly familiar faces makes it seem more like a small town hangout than a huge chain. My only criticism is that i wish they would bring back the old pumpkin scone. That rocked!
1	The service is extremely slow and the cashier is in no hurry to help customers. The staff would rather talk about there lifes to each other than service the person that pays there pay check.
1	Absolutely horrible customer service. This location is just off the I -17 freeway so I imagine the get lots of travelers. On my way from Flagstaff to Phoenix we coordinated our stop with Starbucks so everyone could get coffee and go to the bathroom. Upon arrival a Starbucks staff member indicated we could not use the bathroom because he just mopped both bathrooms. I asked if we could take paper towels and dry on the the bathroom floors so that we could all go to the bathroom and he refused. He told us no and to go to Pizza Hut 2 restaurants down.  I was appalled by his actions and lack of service.  We decided not. To purchase a coffee and left.
2	This is the worst Starbucks I've ever been to.  The girls are so rude and act like your bothering them if THEY make a mistake.  I was treated very poorly by Anna and I'm not even sure that's her name because her buddy was reluctant to give me a name! There is zero customer service skills here and the drinks are made horribly.  I will not be back, the girls are there in the late afternoon and work the window...they should find another job if they don't like serving people.  There have been a few times that the drinks were ok amd the service was good but very few and far between.
2	Steve could use some more CSR training. Decent PSL, clean bathrooms, good parking but focus definitely seemed to be on their drive thru and not the walk in customers.
5	Very nice staff! Loved the feeling in there, busy but happy and grateful for the barista who made the magic for my migraine and waned my brownie just right.
