1	Free doesn't always mean good.Stovall & Associates was offering complimentary ticket fix services. I figured that they were trying to get their name out there until they developed a solid base of clientele. I don't require legal services very often, but if I was happy with the experience I would use them again in the future even if they instated a fee. I know they charge for other services and after my experience here, I must suggest for you to STAY AWAY.Intellectual people, on occasion, like to talk down to non-intellectuals. When you're talking down to another intellectual, it doesn't turn out well. When I inquired about some issues with the way my citations were handled, Justin Stovall chose to personally attack me instead of defend his own firm in a professional matter. A bad leader means a bad team. The office staff didn't seem too promising either. Another thing, legal matters are time sensitive. And clients should not have to chase after their attorneys to find out whats going on. I wasn't sure whether they forgot about me, already took care of my tickets, or just didn't feel I was worth responding to. They neglected to tell me they needed certain documents from the DMV. Instead of requesting them, they chose to close the citations the INCORRECT way. In the end, I chose to go to CPK, a ticket professional. Unfortunately, because I had Stovall & Associates handle the citations already, there was nothing they could do. I now owe a $335 ticket that I could've have dismissed had it been adjudicated accordingly. I'm not hard to please. All I require is professionalism, communication and follow-ups. From a law firm, this shouldn't be too much to ask.
1	I hired Attorney Leslie M. Stovall (Stovall & Associates) to handle a case involving Wiengarten Nostat, Inc., a real estate related legal case.  I was sued for approximately $25,000.  Attorney Stovall's conduct, in short, was to overbill.  After receiving over $15,000 in legal fees, Attorney Stovall invoiced me in the additional amount of $20,030.59.  To pay Attorney Stovall $35,030.59 is unreasonable. In addition, Attorney Stovall withdrew as my counsel of record on July 29, 2008 yet continued to bill me for unauthorized services over the past four years.  This conduct clearly violates the ethical standards adopted by the Supreme Court of Nevada and specifically, Nevada's Rules of Professional Conduct.Initially in the last quarter of 2006, I paid Attorney Stovall a retainer fee of $2,500.  I agreed to pay the standard hourly rate for legal services until the legal fees began to approach (and later far exceed) the total amount in dispute.  Attorney Stovall sued one of the parties and won a judgment from one of the defendants.  I promptly asked Attorney Stovall's firm to enforce the judgment against Defendant, Steve Adamcik, in order to pay his legal fees. I informed Stovall that I was not going to be able to pay personally but that we can collect from the judgment for his fees and to recoup some of my legal expenses. He did not inform me but soon he withdrew as counsel and did not even finish the case.  Attorney Stovall assigned a series of junior lawyers, fresh out of law school, to provide legal services.  The junior lawyers lacked knowledge of real estate industry and basic transactions.  Lacking the technical and legal knowledge required, the junior lawyers frequently requested my technical expertise in real estate transactions law.  The assignment of junior lawyers did not provide me competent representation because the junior lawyers lacked the legal knowledge, skill, thoroughness and preparation reasonably necessary to represent my interests.  In addition, Attorney Stovall did not keep me reasonably informed about the status of my case.  In fact, I continuously asked for meetings to discuss the status of my case.  When a prudent person compares the invoice amounts with results obtained, he/she would readily conclude the invoices are ludicrous.Again, after paying $15,000.00 Attorney Stovall invoiced me for the amount of $20,030.59. The total amount ($35,030.59) charged for legal services is absurd given I was sued for approximately $25,000.  Further, Attorney Stovall continues to bill me.  Attorney Stovall filed a Motion to Withdraw as Counsel of Record on July 29, 2012.  The motion was granted.  Attorney Stovall is not authorized by me to perform any legal services or to bill me because he has to prepare a defense for my complaint.  When Attorney Stovall decided to withdraw as my legal counsel, he did not provide sufficient notice.  The absence of sufficient notice left me to material adverse effects on my case.  In fact, several critically important deadlines were missed.  Since July of 2008, Attorney Stovall has not been and is not today my lawyer.  Yet, Attorney Stovall continues to bill me; that is, as if I were his client for four years.  I believe this practice is both false and misleading and creates an unjustified expectation about not only the results the lawyer receives but the presentation of false "billing"...  I have not authorized any legal services since July 20th, 2008.  I think it is a reasonable standard for a lawyer's services, the statements and invoices to be truthful - not duplicitous.  Attorney Stovall's dishonest practice of billing for work neither requested nor authorized by me, the client, violates the rules of professional conduct and commits an act that reflects adversely on the Attorney Stovall's honest, trustworthiness or fitness as a lawyer in other respects.  In good faith, I negotiated a settlement offer only later to learn that Attorney Stovall would not honor the agreement. I acknowledge that on multiple occasions via email(s) and telephone calls, I attempted to resolve this matter through direct contact with Attorney Stovall and his representative, Claudia M. Gonthier, Bookkeeper.
1	I was solicited several times by Stovall & Associates to get my business. They told me I was part of some "Legal Real Estate Network" and had access to legal counsel. I've given them a few chances but 90% of the time, the attorneys don't get back to you. It seems they employ a lot of junior attorneys, fresh out of law school and they lack even the most basic professional communication skills. Their telemarketers will harass you non-stop and keep calling to get your business, but ultimately they don't want your business as no one bothers to contact you.This last time, I went in for a consultation and explained the urgency of what I needed. The intake attorney was very nice, but did not handle the type of law I needed assistance with. She informed me that 1 of the 2 attorneys that handle my type of issue at the Galleria location would get back to me ASAP. No one bothered to contact me until I emailed her again and cc'd Les Stovall and his partner (I received a call within 30 minutes of that email) The attorney, Larissa, who finally called me said there was some medical emergency involving the main attorney who wasn't going to get involved anyways...basically no excuse for not even so much as a phone call to allow me to get alternative legal help. A very surly apology was what I got and nothing more. Needless to say, my legal matter was unresolved and we may have lost out on something big because we never got legal counsel when it was needed. I will not use Stovall & Associates again and discourage anyone who might consider working with them. They will end up costing you money.
