4	Fred was crying. Fred has been crying for a few months now. Fred doesn't understand. Fred doesn't know why his "daddy" hasn't returned.Fred sits on his perch and cries. The owner of this barber shop, Bob White passed away in January. Bob owned this barber shop for over 40 years and was always there with a pair of scissors, a concern for his customers and maybe even a slighlty off-colored joke. Bob was also the Daddy of Fred the Parrot. Fred wonders where Bob is.  I have been coming to this Barber Shop on and off most of the time I have been in Las Vegas. It was sad to hear about Bob, but Sandra gives a great haircut and I will continue coming back. Too bad Fred doesn't understand-he doesn't understand that Bob is not really gone. In fact Bob filled the Barber Shop with memories. Just look at all the photos on the walls showing Bob's favorite pastimes and "loves" (like cars). If you absorb those photos, you will get a great feeling of who and what Bob is.
1	This was once the best barber shop in town. It used to be a comfortable place that made you feel like you were among friends every time you went in. All happiness in the building came from one incredible man. Robert E. White.  Bob (as he is affectionately know) was one of the greatest men to ever live in this city. Not only could he give you better hair cut than anyone else in town, he was also always there to listen to your troubles and give you some helpful advice.      Tragically however, Bob developed cancer and passed away this last January. And although he is gone, there is a cancer that still lingers. This cancer's name is Sandra.  Through MAIL FRAUD, IDENTITY THEFT, and THREATS OF PHYSICAL VIOLENCE, this two-faced banshee managed to take control of this once great business. Not only is she a greedy liar with no regard for anyone but herself, she isn't  even a decent barber!!! I've seen her ruin a hair cut so badly, a grown man was on the verge of tears.      The Boulevard Barber Shop was once my most favorite place in the whole world. I would give anything to have it back to its former glory. So please! Out of respect for the man that kept it going strong for more that 40 years, I am asking you not to go it. As long as people continue to go, Sandra will stay there. As soon as she can't pay rent, she will leave and find another store to slither into. After all, this is the 5th Barber Shop she's "owned." Please DO NOT GET YOUR HAIR CUT HERE!!! And tell everyone you know as well. As long as the she devil is cutting, stay far away.
1	I walked into the 'barber' shop and asked to get a lineup. All of the seats were open and some girl, I'm assuming the manager, said i don't do lineups. I pulled out a couple hundred dollars and said that's too bad and walked out. What a dump and even worse service.
5	I am a regular customer of this shop. Sandra, the owner takes her time and does a great job. And in reading the past reviews I can tell you if she is a She Devil who stole the shop from the long gone owner she is the nicest she devil in town. For the first couple of years I went to the shop she wouldn't stop talking about this Bob and what a wonderful guy he was. And she pretty much refuses to change a single thing since the days he owned it. She loves the business, Bob's customers and doing a great job. Back to the service. She does great cuts. Takes her time and does it right. If you're in a hurry or looking to be in and out of the chair in 10 minutes this may not be the place for you. Good service, good conversation - I guess a  clientele consisting of people who have never used Yelp, maybe not even the internet, makes for some interesting and fun conversation. And the price can't be beat. Very reasonable which is good since it is cash only.
