5	This new salon in EMR is wonderful. It's clean, the chairs are comfortable, the staff is professional and extremely friendly, and the prices are in line with other salons in the valley! I highly recommend this place, especially to the local residents who have been driving "down the hill" for this service. I got the gel pedicure and am very happy with the color selection and the foot and calf massage. Will definitely be a repat customer.
5	After receiving mixed reviews on Facebook, I decided to see for myself. They did a great job. It was clean and professional.  Prices are the same as "down the hill"...for acrylic gel. I will return for sure.
5	Love this place!  I am a regular.  Staff is always friendly and professional!  And do a great job!  Why anyone wouldn't come here if they live in Estrella is a mystery to me.  Thanks Nathan for bringing this up the hill!
5	This nail salon is great! My mom, myself and my daughter just went and got pedicures yesterday and we had an amazing time. The staff was absolutely wonderful with my daughter and made her feel so important for her first pedicure. They were all sweet and friendly and gave great pedicures!! So nice to not have to go down the hill when you live in Estrella Mountain Ranch!
5	I came in for a pedi and had Christine. I have to say it was the best pedi I've had in a very long time! She spends nearly an hour and is very makes sure you are comfortable throughout the service. I came in and saw Christine again last week for another pedi and a gel mani and again am completely satisfied! Believe it or not even the gel polish usually doesn't last on me and it's been a week today and they have yet to chip! Christine is my new one and only manicurist and highly recommend her and the salon. Everyone is very friendly and the salon is very clean!
5	My favorite nail salon by far!!! Just moved to the area and decided to give this place a try! I had Amy and she was so so so nice and did a GREAT job on my gel mani and pedi!! Got an eye brow wax too and it too was great! They massage your legs with hot stones which was such a relaxing bonus I wasn't used to...and I only got the standard pedicure!! Very clean and nicely decorated salon and they do not rush... They focus on you and make you feel special! I will be back. :) oh and their prices are great!
