5	CZ souper fans rejoice! Cafe Zupas second location here in Henderson is now open! Woo hoo! Soups made in house! Salad dressings made in house. Bread BAKED guess where?  In house! That is what I've come to appreciate about this place.There are dizzying array of options if you order the 2 Combo. Pick any two items from the following; whole sandwich, 1/2 size portion of soup or salad. At least 7 each of soups, salads and sandwiches to choose from.  It includes a chunk of bread and a chocolate covered strawberry.  A little over $8 for a nice size meal, not too shabby. Soups ....  Lobster Bisque, Roasted Red Pepper & Lobster, Tomato Basil and Wild Mushroom Bisque are my go to for soups. The consistency of them are perfect. Not too thick or watered down. Seasoned just right. Doesn't have a salty taste. You know why? It's made IN HOUSE. Down to the fresh basil added in the Tomato Basil soup!  I can taste the difference between this and the previously frozen stuff with the added preservatives that they dish out at the other chain restaurant.   I also tried Chicken Enchilada Chili soup the other day. That one was really creamy.Salads ..... my go to was the Vermont Maple Blueberry, but sadly it's been dropped. So now I get either order the Nuts About Berries, which is made pretty similar. And another new favorite Pina Colada!  Macadamia Nuts and toasted  shredded coconut , pineapple, mandarin oranges and a Pina Colada dressing. The dressing is light and on the sweeter side, and guess what? It's made IN HOUSE.Sandwiches ... I'll gloss over this one since I'm not a big bread fan and the one time I ordered it I thought there was too much bread and not enough meat. (See my orig review from CZ's Eastern location). I pretty much don't eat bread at all. I usually give my piece of bread I get with my meal, away. So if you are dining with me, it'll be your lucky day!Desserts - I usually pass up since I consider the fresh fruit chocolate covered strawberry my sweet treat.  But I did try the berry creme brulee the other day. It was good. And they have cookie bars that everyone raves about. Million Dollar bars??  They go for a couple dollars not one million...just so you know. So been here three times already. First time was for the private preview party they held and then again for lunch and dinner once they opened. All visits the CZ crew has been uber cheerful. Pretty uber staffed too. They are well prepared for crowds for sure. This location feels smaller compared to the other Henderson location, but seating wise, I like the wide booths. The condiment/drink/utensil area is hidden behind the wall divider from main dining area.  You can add flavored syrups to your fountain drinks or iced tea. I'm uber happy! I don't have drive those extra minutes now if I'm feeling I just want a salad and a chocolate covered strawberry. So there you go. Now you know what I think about Cafe Zupas.
5	Love this place!! I tried it for the first time this past Tuesday, and I was very very impressed. I got their Pesto Chicken sandwich and the Lobster Bisque soup (they had a Try 2 Combo that was about $8) and it came with bread and a chocolate dipped strawberry. For dessert, I got their creme brulee that had berries on top (I forgot the exact name) and the entire meal was just delicious. The sandwich was very tasty and the soup was delicious. The service was awesome, the employees were very helpful, and the place was clean. Definitely recommend trying this place!
4	Love their honey cilantro carnitas sandwich & mango berry salad! Plus their pick 2 combo comes with a chocolate covered strawberry!
2	I am a big fan of CZ. I don't like this particular location though. I know that they just opened but I am not impressed. I am from Utah and the one up there is on point. The service here is not very good. They skimp on the ingredients and its not very fresh. I am hoping to come back in a few weeks and give this location another shot. At the current time I can only justify a 2 star rating.
4	First time at any CZ and we loved it! We got the "Try 2" so we could try different things. I got the BBQ Chicken salad and Chicken Enchilada Chili soup. They will offer you extra shredded cheese on top but don't pay it. Not necessary. It is already super cheesy goodness! I have to say the chicken enchilada chili soup is WONDERFUL!!!! If I got that alone it would be easy 5 stars. The salad was good tasting, super fresh and all BUT there was too much BBQ dressing so near the end it got to be really sweet. Also I had to send it back just as I sat down as I ordered it with no onions, I heard the girl repeat it to the girl making the salad but onions still were on it. I'm allergic to onions so can't eat that like it was. My friend got the "Try 2" option also. He got the Yucatan chicken tortilla soup. This is very onion-y, brothy but he said it was ok. Although he didn't finish it so I know it wasn't great. He also got the Nuts About Berries salad. He loved it and I loved it as well. I had to try it. He would definitely get that again. Overall, very friendly staff, we will definitely go back.
5	If you're going to have a chain, make it a chain like Zupas! With fresh ingredients, a super happy staff, and a TON of options, you really can't go wrong! Not to mention the freebies and half price days they randomly offer. I loved this place when I first tried it about a year ago, but now they're close to work, home and its a healthier option for the entire family. The 16 year old boy can get pulled pork, and the 12 year old (who went vegetarian overnight) can eat plenty without meat. Not to mention 8 different soups. I was sold at that. I love soup, and even when its 110 in Vegas, I still will eat soup. They also change up the flavors with the seasons, or popularity. (So don't get hooked on one item) My favorite part, they appreciate their people. They close on Sundays so everyone can have a family day. With good food, decent prices, a great people- Cafe Zupas is a win win in my book!
5	I loved this place!! There was no wait at all even though it was there first day of business they did a great job at getting people seated and tables cleaned pro I well definitely be retuning and recommending this place to friends and family.
4	I was like a giddy freakin' schoolgirl when I learned that we were getting a Cafe Zupas closer than the Eastern location! I finally got to enjoy a meal there today and it was terrific.  I love the choose 2 option (choose any 2 from 1/2 salad, 1/2 soup, whole sandwich).  I especially love the chicken pesto sandwich. My favorite salad is Nuts About Berries - the lettuce is so crisp and fresh and the berries are ripe and flavorful. I switch out the poppyseed dressing with red raspberry vinaigrette and it's total sweet perfection. You get a baguette with your salad and you can top off your meal with an included sweet treat - a chocolate covered strawberry. They have some more desserts available for purchase but I haven't tried them yet. The service here is way above and beyond. These people are so friendly and helpful. There's always someone waiting to greet you and offer suggestions or answer questions at the front door. They are extremely flexible if you want to make changes to the menu options. The food is ready so quickly after ordering. And all of this fantastic service is just because... they don't accept tips. The restaurant is bright and spacious with plenty of tables and large booths, and a charging station. My only wish for this place is a whole wheat bread option for sandwiches and baguettes. This is one of my favorite food spots in the area and can't wait to try all of the options on the menu! Still completely giddy over you, CZ! Welcome to the neighborhood.
2	Overrated!  Sandwiches are small; bread tastes mass produced without flavor, and the texture is too airy.  Salads are small too.  Atmosphere is that of a frozen yogurt place (bubbly and plasticy) with food aspirations of Panera.
4	You want some soup, salad, or a sandwich?  Come on in to the Zupe Scoops (that's often how I refer to Cafe Zupas.....to myself).  I'm pretty sure that 98% of people who go get the try 2. You have to choose a 2 out of the 3 choices (those choices being soup, salad, or sandwich). Their deserts are also scrumptious.  My personal favorite is the million dollar bar (giant chocolate chips, coconut flakes, graham crackers, chopped nuts, and all the love that a grandmother can give).  If you're feeling extra fancy you can order chocolate fondue (it's made from Lindt chocolate).  It's so delicious you'll want to lick the bowl clean (I've almost done this on every occasion, unfortunately I have a wife who says society frowns upon it). Catering is a service they provide as well.  I've never had it so you'll have to ask someone else.  In conclusion,it's  derlicious (yes that "r" is meant to be there).  I can always find something to fill my hunger at the local Cafe Zupas.
4	A second location has finally come to Henderson. That's great news! Perhaps now we will not have to worry about the packed house and monstrous lines. NOT!Came here two weeks ago with a friend and the place was packed. Lines almost outside the door. And the sitting area was almost full. There are signs here just as they are at the Eastern location that state you will never have to hold a table, seats are always available.Well, after we ordered our food and headed to take a seat. Guess what? No seats available. Shocker. Grant it, this has never happened at the Eastern location but I always wondered if it did occasionally happen. And yes, it does. Luckily a group of four ladies were kind enough to give us there table as they had already finished eating and were just sitting down having a chat afterwards.The food was spot on from the Eastern location. This has to be the best gourmet sandwich shop in town now. Totally has me hooked and here more so than Panera Bread. Just be forewarned that seating here is darn near impossible and the layout is a little weird. There's a wall that houses the fountain drink area and a small squeeze through spot to a sitting area there that if you're not careful, you'll run into someone trying to make your way over to grab your soda before you sit. I wonder how many accidents have happened because of this?
4	Excellent. This place is what Panera Bread wants to be. Lots of variety. Very fresh.
4	Tried Zupas today for the first time and I am hooked! Our neighbor said the place was great and we were looking for a nice salad for lunch. We arrived just after 11:00 am and there was no line. Wow, what a selection of  sandwiches and salads (they also had soups but it was too hot for me to eat soup).I chose the pick two which was a whole sandwich and 1/2 salad for around $8. I had the  California turkey sandwich on ciabatta and the mango berry salad. I noticed some wonderful desserts going down the line and had to try the "million dollar bar".The salad was fantastic. Lots of fresh strawberries, blueberries and mango on mixed greens with walnuts  and a mango dressing. Mmmmmm, delicious and perfect in the hot weather. The sandwich was also for very good. The bread was super fresh and soft. Now for that dessert. OMG. It was an oatmeal brownie loaded with coconut and chocolate chips. So moist and flavorful I could have had two. I should mention that everything is house made and you can definitely tell. All of the staff were very friendly and quickly cleared out table when we were finished. They also have a free selection of Italian soda syrups at the drink bar. It was fun to try a couple different combinations as well as fresh lemon and lime wedges on ice. I have found a new lunch spot and will be back soon. So many different items to try, I can't wait.
5	This was my first time going to this restaurant very clean and nice!! I had turkey avocado bacon sandwichI will be back soon
5	Hands up for this place!!! My husband & I come here all the time. The customer service is great! Staff is wonderful, never had a bad experience since they have opened. Even on opening day we were treated really nice & with the upmost respect! I recommend the Mango Berry Salad. I could never get tired of it!! Ofcourse we will continue to come here!! Enjoy everyone:)
4	Good food and customer service
4	Efficient service and good quality fresh food. Prices are reasonable and they clear your table for you. I tried 3 soups and they were all great, even better than Panera. Would like to see the calorie count on them as there must be a lot of butter in them. Overall, great quick stop for lunch.
5	Very friendly staff, great selection, very reasonable prices. The ambience is very hip, modern and clean. I love the pick 2. There isn't any up charge for specific sandwiches, soups, or salad which is the best part. I will definitely return when I'm in the area. Definitely left a good first impression on me. Nice job Cafe Zupas!
5	There have been few fast food experiences that I have ever sitting there savoring every bite as the meal I just had here.  Top notch.  Ordered pulled pork sandwich and had their chicken enchilada chili soup.   Amazing.   All ingredients were as fresh as I have ever had.  Came with chocolate covered strawberry and a side piece of bread.  Whole meal was under 20 dollars for two soups and two drinks and a sandwich.   If you have not been you are missing out.  AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS.  I have found a new favorite.  In fact we are ordering more to go it was so good and getting dessert.   Love it.
5	My favorite restaurant ever! All of their soups are amazing, but I can't ever get over the Wisconsin cauliflower- every time, it blows me away! My new fav sandwich? Surprisingly, the fancy grilled cheese! (They have some fancy name for it, and it is seriously delish!) you can't go wrong with any of their salads either. And the best part- a complimentary chocolate covered strawberry with every meal! Seriously, how do you beat that? Oh, and it's like the only place that I will pay for a fountain drink because of all the yummy syrup add-in flavors to create your own delicious drinks!!!
4	Santa Clause, a Chupacabra, and a quality fast food salad restaurant. You hear about these three things, but never get a chance to actually see them. Well I can take the third option off that list because tonight I witnessed, Cafe Zupas, the fast food salad phenom. This place really surprised me, the decor is bright and futuristic and they even have cell phone charging stations!! The setup there is a reverse cafeteria style. You walk-up, place your order, head down the line and they do the rest...easy-peasy lemon squeezy. Definitely mention to the staff if you don't want certain things on your salad or sandwich because they will prepare them with the works!They offer multiple salad, soup, and sandwich options, which you can mix and match if you so desire. I ordered the Honey Chipotle Chicken salad with a bowl of Wild Mushroom bisque, be still my beating heart! The salad was prepared fresh, from the chicken to the dressing and all the veggies. Plus the soup would have knocked my socks off, if I was wearing some. Summer in Vegas = No sock days. If you still have room, they have an amazing dessert display: brownies, cheesecake and some type of marshmallow, coconut concoction. I passed, It was tough, but I stayed strong. From ordering, to eating, we were out the door in just about 30 minutes; just like I like it when I'm on the go!
5	Everyone at the counter was extremely friendly, and gave good suggestions. I had the Honey Bacon Ham sandwich, and the clam chowder.The sandwich was ok, but nothing about which to write home.The chowder, however, was a different story. Peppery, creamy, rich, with a deep smoky flavor; it may be the best thing I've ever eaten. Seriously, if there was only one bowl of it left on Earth, and Sofia Vergara told me she would have sex with me in exchange for it, I'd tell her to piss off. I'm sitting here, staring at the last droplets in my bowl, wondering if the other dinners would notice if I just stuck my face in the bowl and started licking. I would sell a testicle for more of this. Fortunately, they take amex, so it won't come to that, yet. I never understood addiction until today. I now know what it is like to have a substance consume all of my thoughts.
5	Friendly, good food and chocolate covered strawberry with your meal! They won my heart!
5	My new favorite lunch spot!  Sandwiches, soups and salads are all 5 stars!  I love everything about this place except the ordering system.  You have to order sandwiches/salads first, then walk down the line and explain what you want again and then finally repeat your entire order again to the cashier.  If you're ordering for more than 1 person it's really difficult.  How about taking our full order at the beginning of the line and letting the cashier know so we don't have to repeat everything a hundred times?
5	I absolutely love this place!  The salads are wonderfully fresh and full of flavor!  The soups are delicious and homey.  I haven't tried every sandwich yet, but I love the paninis! Service is fast, efficient, and friendly!  This is a great place for lunch or  a light supper!
4	Cafe Zupas is such a fun little place to eat! There are lots of salad and soup and sandwiches to choose from and make combos from! And each combo that you get comes with a chocolate covered strawberry.  They also have a bunch of beautiful desserts. I tried the Nutella one, and it was fabulous! Come to Cafe Zupas and I'm sure you won't be disappointed.
2	First timer at Cafe Zupas. Service was excellent! Very quick and easy ordering process with lots of smiles. Food, not so much. First the asiago crostini I added for .59 to my soup was so stale I could barely chew it. I ordered the turkey avocado sandwich as well. It would of been decent if the turkey wasn't the cheap honey kind that tastes like ham. Blegh. I did enjoy the lobster bisque soup. Glad one thing was edible. I'm giving 2 stars, 1 for soup and 1 for service.
5	Love this place! Today I tried the Honey Cilantro Carnitas sandwich and chicken enchilada chili and wOw the flavors!  Delicious! Great customer service and chocolate covered strawberries with every meal.... not sure why I don't come here more often =)
5	Love this place!!! Who doesn't like sandwiches, soup or salad? It's like Panera Bread mixed with Chipotle. The atmosphere is very fresh, clean and lively and EVERYONE is sooo friendly!!! Its very contagious so watch out lol. Service and turn around for the tables are also really quick so if you see a ridiculous amount of cars parked, don't be scared, I've never seen anyone have to wait for a table.There are many options for each of the sandwiches, paninis, soups, salads, desserts and drinks so I believe even the pickiest of eaters can find a combination they like. I rarely order salads unless it's to replace fries at other restaurants so a few favorites of mine for paninis and soup would be the Cuban Grilled Pork, Honey Bacon Club, Crab Avocado Melt, Ultimate Grilled Cheese, Tomato Basil Soup and Wild Mushroom Bisque. Yummm!!  Definitely hits the spot. So far for desserts I've tried the Mixed Berry Creme Brulee and Caramel Rockslide Brownie and they were pretty good for being around $2.50 but I probably wouldn't order them again unless I was craving since their free chocolate covered strawberry satifies my sweet tooth. They have a large selection of fountain drinks and I like that they have complimentary flavor syrups! Some other cool things about this place is that they have charging stations since we're all attached to our cellphones nowadays lol and they close later than most healthy ish places at 9pm Monday-Thursday and 10pm Friday and Saturday.More cool things, soups are made in-house, dressings are hand-blended and they have this cool thing called School Night where they will donate 20% of proceeds to your school for anything ordered during 5-9pm that night!Definitely a regular here now!
5	Our new favorite place. The kids that work there are all outstanding. Customer service is on target with this store. I have not been to others but I suspect that it is their corporate culture. The food choices are wonderful and even my husband who is not known for his desire for salads nor soups, now asks to go here once a week. Love that. We dine out 5 times a week as it is so hard to make dinner for just 2 people and coming here is a weekly stop.I have only one complaint and that is that nowhere to be found is a nutrition listing on their foods. I have asked and tried their website. Nothing. That is a shame
5	Oh Lord Jesus is a fire!!!!! Sorry Panera, this place is too legit. Soup, salad, and sandwiches from heaven! They even exclude a chocolate covered strawberry. I had a great experience. Friendly and helpful staff as soon as you walk in. Even helped by giving samples of soup. So far I have tried the crab avocado melt sandwich, BBQ chicken salad, lobster bisque and roasted red pepper lobster soups. I will definitely be coming here often since it's close to home and decent price for the amount of food you get.
5	I was waiting for my friends to arrive and I notice they had electronic recharging stations.  What a Plus!!!! Cafe Zupas had my vote and I hadn't even ordered yet.  We have all been to soup,sandwich,salad shops before, but not like this one.  The options were unique, they made it in front of you, and the food was SUPER yummy.  I have to say, Zupas will be my choice over Panera now.
5	My new favorite flavor crave. This place is definitely worth a stop on by.
3	It was a hit and miss. I like the set up of the place and how everything is offered, the assembly line style is really convenient and gets people through quickly.I had the nuts and berries salad and the veggie sandwich when I went here. The salad was on point but the sandwich was cold, flavorless, and lacking. They should consider looking into improving their vegetarian sandwiches.I don't really get why we can't tip the servers? Especially if they're responsible to clean up the slop people leave behind? I felt bad and put my own dishes away. Why make someone do waiter/waitress tasks and not pay them correctly for it.
1	Ordered the Cuban sandwich it was horrible bland no taste or flavor. I had a Cuban sandwich in Ft launder dale at a 7-11 it was better then the one I had here
5	I triedCafe Zupas for the first time today and I must say that I was very pleased. The place is clean and well lit. The girl that greeted me at the door was very helpful in giving me recommendations. They have a take 2 special for $8.29. I ordered the turkey bacon guacamole sandwich and the summer chicken salad w/ fat free raspberry vinaigrette.  The sandwich was warm and delicious.  The salad fresh and the raspberry flavor really popped. The portions are a nice size and the meal also came with bread and a chocolate covered strawberry.  The staff is super friendly and super fast!I had the salted caramel creme brule for dessert. It was decadent!Cafe Zupas has various syrups that you can add to your fountain drink, including a sugar free raspberry syrup.  If you need to recharge your cellphone,  there is a charging bar available with 5 outlets.I plan on coming back to try their soups which looked delicious.  Give this place a try. You won't be disappointed.
3	I got take out from here today and based on the service and given how excited I was about the food, I was ready to give a solid 4-star review. It was a little chaotic and loud in there, but employees were efficient and friendly. And then I got home and opened my sandwich and was like whaaaat? It was SO small. Maybe it wasn't really all that small but it was in a really big box which maybe made it look smaller. Even if the bread wasn't small, the sandwiches are verrrrry thin with not a whole lot of filling. I had the crab avocado melt and was so disappointed to find they use imitation crab. I suppose I should have expected that since places that serve real crab tend to advertise as such, but the description says "House-Made New England Crab Salad, Avocado, Bacon, Celery, Red Onions, Tomatoes, & Muenster Cheese" - nowhere does it say they use imitation crab. It was about half as thick as the image on the website. I had the clam chowder soup, which had good thick chunks of potato, but was more watery than I like. The container was not full. When my boyfriend opened his box with his turkey bacon avocado sandwich, he literally said "what? it's so small!" He finished it in just a few bites. I am happy to pay a little extra for fresh, real ingredients, even with small serving sizes, which is why I'm not saying anything like "Boy, 5 bucks sure goes a lot farther at Subway!" However, if I'm going to pay that little extra, they should at least warn you about the imitation crab!
4	Great food friendly staff. Eating area a little cramped. Still was worth the money and experienceKudos .
5	Great service, friendly staff. Amazing delicious salads and sandwiches. Their sandwiches are a little bit on the smaller side, although it's still really filling along with your soup or salad. Considering all the other sandwich places in this area (jimmy johns, panera, Jason's deli) this one definitely stands out!!!!!
2	Great food but, very bad customer service.  The management was not helpful and didn't try to make us happy.  Management needs better training on servicing their customers.
3	Oh I'm really not a fan, but 3 stars because the food was edible, the staff friendly, and the restaurant clean. Six Dollars for a tiny sandwich. How can anyone get full off of that? I'm a petite girl, but I could've eaten 3 whole sandwiches and still not be full. To top off the measly portions, the food itself didn't even taste good. I was debating between the chicken pesto and crab and avocado panini. Everyone was telling me how bomb the crab panini would be. It was a letdown. The crab salad had a weird tangy taste to it and definitely not enough crab. There was barely any avocado as well. Proportion of cheese and bread was much higher. Look at the picture. Doesn't it look like you can eat half the sandwich in 2 bites? The workers were very friendly however. They were kind to offer suggestions, constantly took our dirty trays (despite us being a group of 12), wiped the tables, etc. The decor of the place is simple and bright, which makes for a great study or work environment. I can see myself coming back if I wanted to be productive while health conscious and not hungry. So I see myself coming back never.
5	First time here. Food tastes great. Good environment. Choice between Mimi's or here is a hard one, yet there is wifi here. Families galore I didn't bring my son, yet I see lots of families eating here. For what you get you could go to sunset station, yet the service was fast and prompt. When I am in the area it's now a good place to fill in the answer to " what do you want to eat"
1	I would love to give them a great review, because the menu looked awesome and I was looking forward to ordering some take out today when they opened. However when I called shortly after 11:00, I got a recording saying they were not doing anymore take out orders and advised to place future take out orders BEFORE 9:00 AM?? Who seriously A:) is even thinking about lunch that early and B:) if they are, thinks "I better order now!" FAIL Cafe Zupas. Maybe some better planning/staffing on your part should be rethought. I've been in the food business for over twenty years and have never heard of anything so stupid. Sad to say lost customer here because I'm not going to try again.
5	Love It better then sweet tomatoes &besides paneras broccoli soup I can say it's at 1 for me (:
5	Fresh food at such reasonable prices...and the customer service is over the top!! A definite must go!!
5	Decent place! Friendly staff and tasty food. I had the pesto chicken sandwich and clam chowder. 60 cents extra for a small scoop of bacon bits and another 60 cents for a scoop of onion strings is a little much for what you're getting but I'm a baller so I didn't mind. For some reason my meal came with a chocolate dipped strawberry for dessert, which exactly what someone normally craves after a hearty clam chowder. The romantic aspect of this dessert was offset by the fact that I was dining with my mother. Everything was enjoyed nonetheless. Next time I'll bring a date and try that berry salad.
4	This is a great change of pace from what is normal quick fare. The price is just a couple dollars more than what you might spend on a fast food combo but the food quality and taste is worth it. The soup and salad options are fantastic. The sandwiches, while very good, taste too much of bread and not enough of the meats and cheese for me. If they were using anything other than the fresh delicious bread they have, it would be more of a negative than it really is. Great healthy option for just a couple bucks more than elsewhere and the chocolate covered strawberries they give you with each meal make up for that.
5	I just moved here from northern CA, where our only option for this type of place is Togo's or Panera Bread. This place blows those two out of the water, that's for sure. What I love about Zupa's is that you can tell everything's homemade, and you don't get that overwhelming salt taste from premade soup. Yes the sandwiches are a bit small, but when you get a soup or salad with them they fill you up really good. I LOVED the vegetable chowder and grilled cheese I ordered. I think this just might be my new favorite place to eat.
5	Another fabulous lunch! Count on zupas for the freshest meal with superb customer service!
5	I am extremely stingey with my 5 star ratings. It takes a wow factor to get one. This place scores. Drawback== Cafeteria style serving gets kinda chaotic. You go thru a line and place your order. If you are not totally prepared for all the questions/options it gets kinda crazy. The food is fantastic. Soups very good. Sands/salads excellent. It can be very crowded but the tables turn over fast. The staff was friendly and helpful. They add to the chaos by working fast and hard to keep the line moving fast.Great job. Great food. Keep up the great work.
4	Great food, always fresh, very affordable, friendly staff.  Wisconsin cauliflower soup is awesome, pina colada chicken salad is amazing, great Panini's, and a chocolate covered strawberry with every meal... how can you go wrong?  Great for the health-conscious and vegetarian-friendly as well.  We go there quite often, highly recommend.
5	Is it possible to have the perfect lunch?Yes! And I found it here at Cafe Zupas!  There are enough soup, salad, and sandwich choices to please every palate.  It is the perfect light lunch that is very reasonably priced.  You can get a combo for under $10!Healthy? Questionable but that depends on what you get. The soups are mostly cream based and the dressings are rich. I got my dressing on the side but found my salad to be so flavorful as is that I hardly needed dressing.And the strawberry on top is that you get a free chocolate dipped strawberry with your meal!  Awesome!Service is amazing too! Everyone is so friendly and helpful. I couldn't have felt more welcomed.
5	This location of Cafe Zupas did not disappoint! The service here is phenomenal.  Every employee from being greeted to ordering to paying were smiling and so friendly.  They really make you feel welcome.  I will say I love the grilled pesto chicken sandwich.  It's filled with pesto chicken salad, almonds, red peppers, muenster cheese, sprouts and tomatoes.  Delicious! Their soups are also fantastic.  The Wisconsin cauliflower is probably my favorite even though I do enjoy many of their options.  When I order the choose 2, they give you a whole sandwich and the bowl of soup is huge! Very filling! I absolutely enjoy eating here.  Delicious food topped with great service. Win Win!
5	Love this place, food is great area is clean. Only draw back is that it gets packed. Once ordered you're in and out. Recommended for anyone who likes soups.
3	The soups and desserts are pretty good. I've had the lobster bisque and the roasted red pepper and lobster. The sandwiches I've had are just ok, not much flavor to them. I had a Cuban pork panini and also tried one with turkey and avocado. Also the portions are kinda small, especially for the cup of soup. Next time I feel like soup I'll go back and get the large bowl.
5	The best place for soups and sandwiches. I even got to make my own Italian flavored soda. There's also an area for recharging cellphones. I'll be returning soon.
4	Their garden bisque is to die for!!!! Also the rocky road brownie!!! Fast service, clean dining area. I didn't care for their baguette much, but all in all, that's a minor thing! My kids love that they get a chocolate covered strawberry every time we go in!!! Their staff was friendly and very helpful.
5	Ever since Cafe Zupas came out with their new salads, the Asian Citrus Chicken salad has been my favorite salad to order here. The Yuzu Miso vinaigrette is made in house and perfect when you are craving sweet and fruity flavors. Edamame, cashews are not only crunchy yummies but healthier for you too! OMG...Im soo addicted, I just had to update my review and share!  Another reason for this update is gotta give props to their staff. I swear they are the most cheerful bunch. Patient too. I happen to be there when a couple of customers were giving them a hard time. I had to restrain myself from saying something and strangling them myself!  CZ staff handled the annoying people in stride and with a smile. I sure hope the company takes care of their workers. If you ever order your salad  to-go, know that they pack your salads nicely, dressing is in a separate container so when you open your container your salad is still crisp. And if you happen to be there the last few minutes before closing, they offer the desserts at 1/2 off.  Well at least the time I was there they did! Pretty sweet!
4	If you're craving a light, fresh lunch, you've come to the right place! Cafe Zupas has lots of sandwich selection and salad made in front of your very eyes. It was pretty crowded when I came during lunch but it passes by quickly enough. I had the clam chowder and chicken pesto sandwich. The clam chowder was lacking in flavor unfortunately. I tried my friend's mushroom soup and I was impressed from the start with it. The chicken pesto sandwich is pretty good as well! Nothing to complain about. Lunch also comes with a cute chocolate-covered strawberry!  I'll be back whenever I crave sandwiches and soup for sure!
5	Wonderful mean! So good and so fresh. I could come back over and over and have something different. There are hundreds of options and I can customize each of them!  Exposition styleish kitchen means I can watch them make everything in my meal. The soups are great, I had tomatoes basil and it had great flavor and not over salted. Were excited to come back! Any excuse will do. Plus they are fast and super friendly! Great stop for a long lunch, a quick bit, or grab and go.
3	So it isn't my first time here but it is my first time checking in. I have decided that I'm going to try all the sandwiches on the menu and write a review so today I ordered the crab avocado club and the lobster bisque. I'm not gonna lie the lobster bisque I have everytime it is so good and creamy It's my favorite. I have sampled others but I will drive there just to get the lobster bisque. So on to the sammich it's a house made New England crab salad , avocado, bacon , celery , red onion, tomatoes and muenster cheese. And it is delicious ! The tomato gives it a fresh taste Must try if you love seafood like me :)
