5	Great Service and very good Work!!! I will return to The Fit Alterations 3 when I need alterations in the future.
4	They were the only alterations place that I could get to accept my order in short notice!  I dropped of a bridesmaid dress to be shorted 4 inches.  I dropped it off Sunday and picked it up on Wednesday.  Total cost (including the rush fee) was only $35.  I will be back :)
3	So I had high hopes going into this place because of the Yelp reviews.  Most of my frustrations came from the fact that I had to make three trips here before my skirt was altered correctly.  First time I went in, the owner didn't even ask me try the skirt on (perhaps my mistake) and asked me many inches I needed added, we estimated and I dropped it off.  I came back two weeks later, it still didn't fit.  He agreed to split the cost with me to add in more fabric but it cost me $50 (almost the value of the skirt) just to get it to fit.  Needless to say, I will not be returning here.
5	I needed a bridesmaid dress taken in and, being new to the area, looked up a good tailor on Yelp. I was so glad to find The Fit Alterations 3! They did a fantastic job on my dress and were very quick - it was done in just a week. The pricing was very reasonable as well. If I need to get something tailored in the future (or my hubby does) I'll definitely be back here!
5	The best clothing alternation biz in north Phoenix by far. Stop in for the friendliest service, best alterations as well as men's suits & women's clothing. Randall, the owner, is always a pleasure to work with.
5	Fast friendly service! I had a pocket seam unravel in a leather jacket and the nice gentleman was able to repair it like new! I would recommend them to everyone. Thanks.
5	Great place!  I went in to get my suit tailored and they did a phenomenal job at a very reasonable price!  They also have a great selection of suits to buy as well that I couldn't help browsing through.  Couldn't be happier with this place. I will definitely be going back if I need anything tailored again and maybe to buy my next suit.
5	Love this place!  The owner is very friendly and their prices are reasonable.  We always take our clothes here! Best in the valley.
5	Unfit clothes? Not a problem.A very dependable place to go for your alteration needs! Randall the owner is very friendly, dependable and does a great job at making sure you get the right fit! I've never experienced having to go back and have them redo the alteration because it always comes out right! Yayyyy!Also very quick turnaround. Sometimes too quick they already have it done before I even need it! Lol.  I'm so glad that my clothes have finally found a home weeehhh!
5	I ended up not using them for my alteration needs, but writing a review based on CUSTOMER SERVICE...I emailed them through yelp about questions specific to what I needed done, and I was impressed that someone responded right away, politely answering all of my questions to the T and inviting my to call or come in with any others...No pressure at all. If that kind of service is any indication to the work they do then they deserve 5 stars!
