4	I love Red Robin. It's an amazing place and I have rated other locations a 5, but this location only gets a 4 because I went there today and was FREEZING the whole time. I was so uncomfortable.The food was amazingly tasty as usual and all five of us were really happy with the meal and the service, it was just way way too cold. I would definitely recommend heading here for one of the many awesome gourmet burgers or the fiesta fajita salad, but BRING A JACKET!!!!!!!!!
5	I've been to this Red Robin a few times and went again tonight and I can honestly say that I've never had a bad experience there. The menu runs mainly along the gourmet burger/sandwich/salad route which is usual for a chain restaurant that is family friendly. I've mostly had the burgers and once had a salad and everything has always been prepared to my liking. The burger menu has quite a few options to it and they are pretty cool with letting you substitute whatever you like on them. I usually get the 'Sauteed 'Shroom and Swiss' burger and it's always been just what a mushroom Swiss burger should be. Lots of melted gooey Swiss cheese and lots of fresh mushrooms which they saute in a garlic butter. Since I need to watch my carbs (that old blood sugar thing going on) I usually get the burger wrapped in lettuce instead of a bun and get steamed veggies instead of the all you can eat fries. I have tried the fries at times and do recommend them but usually go with the veggies. I have always had great service. Always greeted promptly by a smiling server who never lets my drink go empty. The food always comes out in a short time and is always served hot. It may not fit everyone's bill....but if you're looking for a good burger at a good value I highly recommend it. And FYI....for the holidays they are offering a gingerbread shake which sounds great. Someday while doing some holiday shopping over in Tempe I'll have to stop in for one.....on one of those days that I am REALLY watching the carb count.
3	We went here on a Friday night around 7pm, so it was pretty busy.  So that should be taken into account.The service was very poor.  Every single time our waiter came to the table he started by apologizing because he knew things were taking way too long and he was not giving us enough attention to keep drinks filled etc.  Probably because it was so busy, but hey, I've gone to other restaurants that are better managed and prepared for bursts so I don't think that's a good enough excuse.The burger was very good.  It is indeed a "Gourmet" burger like they say.  Very tasty, but a little on the small side for $9.  I wrote a review for Zipps Burgers too, and for around $6 you get a burger that is much bigger and a little tastier.  But still, this burger was very good.The fries at Red Robin are tough to beat.  Bottomless steak fries!  And when you add the seasoning which is conveniently placed on all tables, they are outstanding.  Our slow waiter had a hard time getting us ranch to dip the fries in, but once we had everything set, the meal was pretty good.I did like the meal.  I won't go back unless its some off time like Monday at 3pm or whatever.  Total came to $30 for me and my wife.  We got 2 dinners and a lemonade.  So its not the cheapest, but still okay.
1	I like going to Red Robin; however, I do not particularly like the one located at the Tempe Marketplace.  My boyfriend and I decided to eat dinner there last Sunday night.  We were pretty hungry and we thought that Red Robin would hit the spot.  I was looking forward to the Salmon Burger.  We were seated immediately in a booth.  We looked through the menu and decided what we wanted to eat.  After five minutes, no one came to greet us.  Waitresses kept walking by, but no one stopped to say hi or get our drink order.  We waited five more minutes, by that time we were looking around to see if we had a waitress.  Still no one...we decided to leave and go to In-N-Out Burger.  I was really looking forward to a Salmon Burger, but I don't like bad service much less no service.  The location was not busy at all and there was no reason from my end why someone couldn't come up to us and let us know what was going on.  Those other waitresses passed by us and even looked right at us.  They knew we weren't getting served.  They could have possibly kept me there if they acknowledged that we were there and would locate our waiter/waitress.  I know this is one incident, but it really puts a bad taste in my mouth.
3	My mind was on the burning love burger all afternoon. When I finally made it here to get it, I was beyond excited. While we were walked to our extremely small table, we were walked past a few booths that we could have sat at, if they were actually cleaned. The service was so-so. We ordered an appetizer and everything came out all at once which really irked me. A part of serving is timing which obviously our server didn't understand. She also didn't understand that checking up on the table once during the dinner is unacceptable. She did offer me a freckled lemonade at the end which was nice, but all in all I didn't even really feel like she served us.
3	Went here again today. Just a side note to what I previously mentioned. This is NOT the place to come and watch a game. Now that baseball season is back (FINALLY) I decided to eat lunch here and sit in the cocktail area to catch a bit of a game. Their televisions are tiny and from where I could see were neither flat screens or HD. Boo. Service was bad again. The server was really cute but seemed not to give a crap. It looked like he was getting his bar cleaned and shut down so he could go home but there were three tables in the cocktail area, all needing to either be greeted or helped, and he ignored us. Oh and my salad came out with avocado slices, even though the picture on the table showed that it was supposed to come with them. So the servers don't really have a clue what they are doing and neither do the cooks, obviously. This is my strike two at this location. They have one more chance and that's only because their burgers are so darn good.
4	It's your standard Red Robin.Once again, I was with a large group of people (40 or so) and though we were first turned away from RR due to seating, they called us back to tell us that they had room for us. Kinda sorta nice.The waiter for my table was impossibly nice and courteous (we definitely tipped well) and the food arrived pretty quickly. Again, standard RR. I had a salmon burger, and the only bad thing was that the salmon started to break apart half way through. Oh well.It doesn't really deserve four stars, but it doesn't deserve three either. Ehh. 3.5, then.
4	Food is what you expect from a chain restaurant, always the same with little imagination. You know what you are getting and it never dissapoints based on expectations. Our waitress however exceeded expectations. Jessie was attentive, friendly and did everything to make our lunch experience at Red Robin a pleasant one. If the manager reads this, Jessie is by far the best waitress I've ever had at a Red Robin.
4	I like Red Robin. There, I said it. I've never had a bad waiter experience and the food has always been just what I've expected. Big ups to this location though. My group made a reservation for 60 people for lunch yesterday. I called an hour or so before our time to ask if it was cool if we came in a little early, and apparently there was a mix-up with the days because they thought we were coming in the following day. What could have been a huge disaster was not because they quickly accommodated us and after about a 5-minute wait we were all seated in the dining area. They had no problem splitting checks, our food came out at a reasonable time, drinks were filled, great experience.
3	ACK! I haven't been to a Red Robin in years. I remembered liking it. However yesterday was very iffy and not sure if I would go back. I went here yesterday with a friend for lunch. Our waitress was very uninterested in us being there. We ordered our drinks and some onion rings. The onion rings come out as a tall stack on this tall metal object, I was leaning forward talking to my friend when the waitress tries to shove the onion rings onto the table damn near taking my eye out. She was close enough that I felt the heat of the onion rings on my face. Aside from near blindness, they were good. We both ordered grilled chicken sandwiches, and both agreed that they were the most god awful grilled chicken sandwiches there could be. despite the gobs of sauce on them, the chicken itself had no flavor...and was rubbery. I had some sort of pesto cibata chicken, the bun was soggy on one side. Soggy bread makes me gag, its the worst. Wet bread ::shivers:: they put a pesto sauce on it, some sort of diced tomato concoction and then a very odd flesh toned sauce. No clue. I took two bites off the none soggy side and that's all I could bear. I will say though, the french fries are freaken Yum! That is what saved me from starving to death. My friend doesn't like confrontation so I didn't send it back, if I was there with anyone else, this meal would have sure been sent back.
2	Mediocre at best.  This place is a wonderful example of American cuisine gone wrong.  When a restaurant relies on salt and mayonnaise as the staple flavor profile, the food is well, boring (i.e. Chipotle Mayo).Red Robin is a burgers and fries type place, fried everything.  Fried everything should be DELICIOUS!  What is missing?The presentation of all the dishes is fine, it is the utter lack of flavor that was so disappointing.  Had a burger and onion rings, and while there was nothing particularly wrong with it, it was completely forgettable.The atmosphere is very corporate.The service is designed to be good, but falls flat, again too corporate (waiter virtually up your ass when you don't need him, and not around when you do).In summary, there are way better places to spend your time, money and calories.  We gave it a shot, and it wasn't our cup of tea.  If you like it, more power to you.  I usually do not review restaurants until I have given them several chances and tried different items, but I won't be returning.  I just can't bring myself to eat here.  The food is edible, but while I was eating, I actually wondered to myself why I was eating it.
3	I went here today for lunch with my best friend.  We were seated quickly and had a very nice waiter.  We both liked our lunches - her chicken caesar wrap and me bonzai burger.  I like the seasoning salt for the fries and my hamburger was cooked perfectly and tasted really good.  I would definately go here again with a group.  The menu has something for everyone.
5	I love Burgers & Beer. I love Beer and good food. The Burnin Love Burger at Red Robin rocks! The flavor is all over the place. I can say this about most of their burgers although this burger takes the cake. Oh wait, I forgot I added some of the fried jalapenos from my friends plate into the burger. Yum!I prefer to sit at the bar to avoid being distracted from my delicious food by the "oh so lovely kids." The bartenders are always Awesome with the specialty drinks Red Robin throws out every so often. One thing I love is that they are cool when I ask to try one of the special drinks and they make a mini.  Although I would recommend the Mug Drafts!
3	Went here a few days ago with the family. We've been to this Red Robins a few times (birthdays, events, casual). A lot of their customers usually consist of the College crowd, rarely any "families" that eat there because of the mature-atmosphere.Waiters/Waitresses are nice, they're always on top on refilling your glass, asking if you need anything, the stuff you see in basically every other sit-down restaurant.When I went, I had their new Bourbon Burger, it wasn't that great, it tasted like Chili's (ugh) burger with fried onions on it. Except the Red Robin fryers actually remembered no mayo or tomatoes on my burger (unlike Chili's), so I was very happy about that. The Bourbon wasn't very flavorful, it was messy, but the picture already shows it's not a clean burger to eat! Once I added the Red Robin "special seasoning" on it, then it got really good - halfway through the burger... I did not get the "unlimited steakfries!" special... but I don't know if it's because our waitress was busy with a large group of college kids who were there for a birthday and simply forgot. My sister had the Royal Red Robin (with a fried egg on top). She liked it, but nothing to write home about.Previously, before the burgers, I would order the Fish and Chips, the fish are nicely fried (can't burn deep fried stuff though huh, lol!) and crisp. The Fish itself are very large pieces, so you get the bang for your buck on this item! I would recommend sharing it with another since you get four pieces of fried fish.I would defiantly come back to this Red Robin though, don't get me wrong, but I would suggest going with a more adult group that doesn't have a lot of children in tow... It is more popular with college kids after-all.
4	Red Robin is always a fun, family-friendly place to grab a burger. Their new menu has made it even better. The only reason I can't give them five-stars is because *sometimes* their service is hit-or-miss.
3	If you're a fan of cheese and mushrooms on your burger, get the pub burger.  And the sweet potato fries are very good too.
3	I don't like Red Robin. I was never a fan of their bottomless bland big cut steak fries. They're plain gross and bland.Burgers, I'd rather go to Wendy's and get their dollar burger! One night after work me and hubby dint know where to go and I was craving for fish and chips so thought of going to Red Robin for this.I was surprised to see they have bottomless sweet potato fries! For an additional of .79c you get endless of this side! Happy girl! I'm not sure when did they start having this cuz we don't really frequent this place but I'm glad they have it, I have the sole reason to go back to the place again.But still only an A-OK rate though, the service was going great until I asked for another order of s.potato fries it took them forever to bring another one, we're already ready to go the time she brought the fries was the same time we gave our card to pay. Too bad but I still took some of the fries home and munch them the following morning, yeah I know they're kind of soggy but don't blame me I just love sweet potato fries ever.
4	Delicious fish burger, bottomless steak fries, the best Mai Tai (a large food chain could offer) and great service, what more could you ask for? Sometimes you'll even catch Red Robin when he makes an appearance.
4	Once you've been to one Red Robin you've pretty much been to them all. I've been to this location a few times when visiting family & friends in AZ and everything has always been just fine. Burgers, salads, appetizers, etc. are all pretty standard. Every time I've been here the service has been fine. Now that I think about it, I think each time I've been here it's been with friends who have small children. So yeah, this place is good at accommodating kids.   Normally I'd give a place like this three stars, but I'm bumping them to four because of the bottomless fries. If you order anything on the menu that comes with fries they'll just keep bringing them to you when your out. The last time I came here me and a friend were waiting on another friend who was running late (because of her kid) and we asked the waitress if she would bring us fries while we waited since we knew most likely somebody was gonna order something that came w/fries, and she had no problem doing so. Also, even though this isn't a place I would necessarily seek out for watching football they do have several TVs if you happen to be here when a game is on.
4	What can I say, it is Red Robin!? It is a chain but it's a good one! I always ask for Loretta because she is the best server/bartender :)
4	Who doesn't love Red Robin?This location is really close to my house, so it's great for those quick dinners when you don't feel like cooking (and lets be honest, that's all the time).The burgers and chicken tenders (clucks) are usually really good, and the fries are delicious and bottomless. I especially love the A1 Peppercorn Burger and the Buffalo Clucks. Sometimes it can be busy and loud with kids and the service can be slow during those times, but it's always a good place for a quick bite.
4	Top notch burger, the old fashioned way with a sesame seed bun. All the ingredients were fresh and blended perfectly. Forget all the other mediocre chains (jack in the box, In and Out, Whataburger, etc.) and come here - and get a great beer too.
3	What not to love unlimited fries and great burgers. I love the milk shake. I would rather pay $3 more dollars and go to roaring fork.  The prices here are way overpriced for burgers in a plastic basket. But mighty tasty. I really want to give four but my index finger wont let me.
4	Not liking Red Robin is analogous to not liking freedom. It's a good burger at a good price. It's family friendly: arcade games, TVs, and the 'Red' bird mascot will bring a smile to people of all ages. I've gone for many years and I won't be stopping anytime.
4	Red Robin...Yummmmm!!From the endless fries option (which J and I never take advantage of) to ordering off menu and getting a custom burger, Red Robin is awesome.  There isn't a Buffalo Chicken Sandwich on the menu.  Sad.  Very Sad.  HOWEVER, the waiter/waitress does magic for the ticket and I always end up with a Buffalo Chicken Sandwich in front of me!  YAY!!If you don't have one already, be sure to get a Red Loyalty card.  With the registering of this card, you can get a free burger for your birthday!  Gotta love free stuff!  :)
5	They get five stars now. You know why? Three little words I long to hear: Gluten-Free Buns! (OK, technically that's two words, but I love them nonetheless!)The buns are a dollar extra, but if you are like me and are tired of eating a burger with a lettuce wrap, or worse, with cutlery, just for the illusion of a sense of normalcy, they are worth it. And, frankly, quite tasty.I don't know if all RR are serving them now, or from the same bakeries/distributors, but I for one am glad for it!
4	I like RR. I'm willing to pay the outragious price for some drink with a long name here. I love the burger choices, the hot wings, the seafood splatter. Oh and the bottomless Root Beer float!  I love the new Royality Card.  The staff here is very good, some of the best service in AZ. Which says a lot because AZ is unfortunately known for awful service.
4	Cause of their bottomless fries!Need I say more?  I enjoy a good burger and as weird as it sounds Red Robins always seem to satisfy my appetite.  My favorite so far is the Guacamole Burger with bacon --- yum!  Always done right!  The place itself is a zoo with a carnival on the side; babies crying and kids running amuck.  If you can't handle that then I say please stay away!  I always hangout at the bar where there are no kids allowed; good call!  The drinks here are pretty basic and each wait staff has their specialty drink you can order -- cool!  This location is a tad bit noisier I feel since it is closer to the ASU crowd and I gather it's more family oriented because of the marketplace.  Oh well it's just for a quick bite! - Enjoy!
4	I love the broiled  burgers are superb.i went at lunch and it was super busy so we sat at bar with quick friendly service.i got the blue cheese burger.great.the onion strings were soggy .but no biggie.i want to go back and try more.and I picked up a there 20 spice blend for 3$.love it.stay classy yelp.
4	Super sweet waitress! Free burger for my bday. My 8 year old daughter loves this place so we'll be back! I have 12 week old twins and the staff was very accommodating, even opening the door when we arrived and left. Not bad for a chain restaurant!
4	The Jack Cantina Burger was excellent.  They use 2 1/8 pound patties, so the portion is smaller than the regular size burgers, however, they are served with bottomless fries.  Also the Mr. Pineapple Beer was excellent.
2	$16.00 for an ok Burger & Fries, Coke tax and tip - nuff said
3	This is the FIRST Red Robin I had ever been to (earlier this year).  The service is always really good.  Good Veggie Burgers, love the bottomless fries (garlic & sweet potato), cool shakes and mixed drinks.  One of the few restaurants to stay open late in this town!!!  Great place to come after a movie at Harkins.
5	Shayenne is the best.. She always hooks up my fries real quick.
4	For a chain, Red Robin does burgers well.  Prime Chophouse burger.  Service is quick.  A bit loud inside.  $10 burger is worth the visit.
5	I eat at this location probably once a week and have for quite some time. The staff at this location are excellent. They are always so mindful of your time, especially around lunchtime when I don't have all day to sit and wait. The food is always fresh, hot, and delicious and the restaurant is very clean. I have used them several times for catering purposes and while I am bummed they don't deliver, it is always great to know that my large orders will be ready on time when I show up to pick them up. This is my favorite location by far!
4	We love the burgers but the service can be hit or miss.
4	Had a fun time at Red Robin in Tempe.  Had the banzai burger w/fries... can't go wrong with any of the burgers or the endless fries!
5	"As good as it gets" for a chain family restaurant. I give it 5 stars because for what it is, it does it well. Food is good, service is very good. I eat here several times a month and have never had a bad experience. Servers are always attentive every time I've been there. It does get busy at times but I've never waited more than 10 minutes for a table.
5	This is the first time I have ever been here.  I really liked it. We had a great waiter, but then he was cut and we got a replacement. Though she also was very good.Our Burgers were fantastic! Cooked fully well and very fresh.Also, our waiter brewed a fresh pot of coffee for me.Endless fries as well, can you believe that.They also have this great new program, a royalty program. Sign me up I can't wait  . A free Burger the month of your Birthday and for every 9 burgers you get your 10th free. Clean bathrooms,as I went in there to wash my hands before we ate.They have a TV in the Floor near the waiting area,which I have never seen before. I thought it was really Cool!
4	As I have said before, I'm not a big fan of chains.  Red Robin is one exception however.  It's a great burger for a decent price with as many fries as you can eat.  What's not great about that?!?  I'm mean really.  I've been to several locations around various states.  The service at this location was above the standard.  My waitress went out of her way to make sure I was comfortable and happy.  I really appreciated the extra attention to detail.  I'll be hitting up this location again in the near future.
3	Your typical family burger place.  The wait staff is usually friendly and efficient. The food is ok, I recommend the garlic fries they are bottomless. It is usually a bit on the noisy side.
4	We were served by Cheyenna.  She was pleasant and upbeat, which seems to be the norm for servers at Red Robin.  The food is always good, and one of the few places where I don't have to force my son to eat the food that I give him (he's 2).  Always a fun atmosphere.  Recommend to anyone who is looking for a cheap lunch or dinner that is quick, but doesn't feel like you're being rushed.  Enjoy!!!
2	Of the three Red Robin locations nearby, this one is probably the least clean, and the least consistent as far as service goes.  It is the closest to home though, but we often opt for Tempe Market Place or the Red Robin out at Chandler Fashion Mall.
4	Yeah a solid burger and fries joint - some tasty looking milkshake options too if you happen to want to bump your meal up another thousand calories. Got a slightly tweaked bacon guacamole burger with the bottomless fries (awesome!) and would go again to try another variation (and sweet pot fries this time..)
5	We have been to this place a few times now.  So it is safe to say I really like it!Endless fries for starters, then really good Burgers. So worth the trip.They even send you emails about all the great deals that they have going on.The thing I really like about that is you do not have to print coupons they have it all downloaded on your rewards card.So I think they really care more about the environment with that because, no ink and no paper wasted. A really good Idea!Staff is always friendly and nice,even when you call on the phone.The place is clean and the food is good.They even made me nice fresh coffee the other day.My most fun part here is the TV in the floor, I am really amused by that.Clean bathrooms and lots of parking.
4	I haven't been to this Red Robin in a while, and I came back with a friend of mine this afternoon to meet up for some food.  What a good time!  It was busy for a Sunday afternoon, but fortunately we didn't have to wait.We were seated in the bar area and our server greeted us promptly.  We already had the menu's at our table, and after scouring it, I went with the fries.  My friend went with a chicken salad, and I her sister went with the fish and chips.  Overall, our food was tasty, and I really had a good time.While we were busy gabbing, our server always refilled our drinks, and after I bill came we had our bill split.  She was friendly and nice, and I really enjoyed our time here.  I will say, the handicapped bathroom was out of service when I was there, and it was a bit messy and needed attention overall.  Nothing horrendous, but could have used someone to go in there and clean up the towels on the floor and mop some.Overall a positive experience and I had a good time. Will be back when I'm in the area again!  Oh, and happy hour all Sunday long!
4	Was here with my wife and son today. Never been to a Red Robin before so this was a treat. Food was pretty decent and staff was nice. They had the air conditioner blasting so was not very comfortable. But we live in Arizona so that is a common occurance.
1	What's the point of the Red Robin cards if when you walk in the waiters get to decide that they're "expired"? Note: there isn't an expiration date anywhere on the cards. We refused service and left. It was a gift card from my mom by the way.
3	We have been here a few times now. Sorry to say this was the worst we have experienced.It was a Tuesday night, about 8:30pm. Not too busy when we got there. We had to say hello to the hostess, she just said later, how you doing, (2). She never said follow me,or is this table alright. Just put our menus down and said enjoy!When our Server Rachel came up,she was alright,she brought us our drinks right away.  We waited quite awhile for our food, the manager finally brought it out to us.Then asked if we needed anything. Both of our drinks were empty.We asked for refills.Rachel brought them. About 15 min or more later she came by to ask if we liked our food. My girlfriend had ordered hers well done,it was still very pink in the middle. They offered to re do she declined. We all know never send food back. She said no it is OK, I just want you to see it is not cooked.Mine was cooked all the way through. Even though I had ordered Medium.Anyway, then the manager came by again. Though did not introduce himself as the manager at any time. We found out from Rachel that he was. Again he offered a re cook. She declined and said no ,it is fine. I will take it home to the dog.He offered to take it off the bill.We still never got another refill of drinks, we were dying of thrist so could hardly wait to get home and get some water or out to the car where we had water bottles.Lots of milling around by the employees,but not too much going on on the floor.We were really disappointed about this visit.
4	Steer clear of the Prime rib dip, stick to burgers and chicken sandwiches. Advice from a very helpful server. Do that and the food is great!
3	Came here for dinner with the wife, the service was great and the burgers were good. I really enjoyed myself here, I will likely return to this restaurant.
2	So this was my first time eating at Red Robin ever..... yes I said ever...... I was really excited to see that they had a mushroom burger on their menu! Not a lot of places have mushroom burgers so I was super excited to try it. When our food came out my burger was cooked to my specifications, but the taste of the burger and the mushrooms was very dull. I felt like there was no flavor or pizazz to the burger. With all the mushrooms, onions and cheese I figured this burger would be making my taste buds jump around. Instead it did the complete opposite. I ate a few bites and decided to just visit with my friend and munch on my fries. My fries were cold and kind of mushy. When I eat french fries, I like them crispy and warm. A lot of my friends love this place, so I will give it another try, just not a very good first impression. Maybe if I order something else I will have better luck! I usually try to give new places more than one shot just on that occasional off day we all have every now and then. :)
2	I hadn't been to Red Robin in years, and it will probably be years before we go back.  Pretzel bites were hard.  The taste of the mushroom burger was just weird.  Fries weren't great.  The onion rings were ok, but more breaded than battered.    They did sub out pretzel buns on our burgers for us - and the campfire sauce is tasty - but alas, not enough to make me return.
1	Bummer visit. Went on a Saturday night but it was late enough to avoid the really big crowds. Got a table in 10 mins. Asked for a gluten free menu, which Red Robin is really good at. My wife ordered a GF burger, no onions, no cheese and a side salad instead of fries. I ordered the prime rib dip with fries and cole slaw.  We also asked for silverware and napkins since they were missing. Our order arrived in about 10 mins, still no napkins or silverware. Got those after five more mins. My wife's burger had onions (no cheese) but the biggie: her salad had croutons!  Really?  The server had even asked if she preferred a GF bun or if she was gluten allergic. I SAW him write down allergic!  My sandwich was tasty but they were obviously getting rid of stale bread. I know the difference between toasted and stale too. Good thing I had the au jus. Lastly, my endless fries and bottomless lemonade?  Never saw the waiter again until he brought us the bill. I'm done with that Red Robin. Obviously they don't care.
4	You can never go wrong at Red Robin.  I mean how could you?  There's bottomless fries, either steak fries or sweet potato fries.  And also mouth watering burgers. Have been to multiple locations around the valley and the service is always great and never a long waiting time.  If you're in a crunch for time you can also call ahead and order your food and it will be ready by the time you are seated at your table.  I would recommend this if you have a shorter lunch break.  My favorites items are the Whiskey River Burger, Whiskey River Chicken Sandwich and Whiskey River Chicken Wrap.  I guess I'm a big fan of their BBQ sauce.  Not to mention they have the best ranch amongst all restaurants. Lastly, I recommend the berry lemonade to compliment the food.  This is also bottomless so drink up and get one to go!
1	On May 2, 2013 a group of friends and I came here to grab a burger before a movie.Four of us became incredibly ill only hours after eating here and we were all sick for 3-4 days afterward. Two of the other members who came with us did not get ill.Apologies, I would have written something more timely, but just getting around to it now. I've eaten at other Red Robin's before and never had an issue. It appears it's just this location.
2	I am sitting here now! I'm only giving this place 2 stars because the waiter is nice. First as we walk in the door we noticed dirty tables everywhere and it isn't even that busy.Second, we order an app and it was served with a dirty plate. When I asked for a 2nd plate that as well was dirty. I gave up and just ate with my fingers. Third, I ordered a chop house medium rare and got a chophouse medium well. Sigh! My husband got the A-1 burger which he thought was ok.Over all we did enjoy the fried mushrooms and fried zucchini. The waiter was friendly and the service was fast. The water taste like tap water and the beer was good. I don't think id return here :(
4	Best gluten free buns ever. Honestly, if you're cutting it out for health reasons or just trying to eat well, check out the gluten free buns! They even do the fries in a separate fryer, which I appreciate.
4	We come often because of the gluten free options.  We have eaten there several times and never gotten sick.  It is for sure the family favorite and I find the staff here a bit better than some of the other locations.
3	Been to 5 Red Robins, this is probably the worst one I have managed to go to, but its not a bad place for a quick dinner with friends or a Burger.Food always come out slower than expected, even when its almost empty, I have had to wait 20+ minutes. Few times I have gotten coffee, never been asked if I want cream or sugar.
2	Been here a few times and every time, the service seemed very slow...Looks like there's plenty of people moving about but no service was being given. The food wasn't too bad. The bottomless fries were fine. Once I even substituted for bottomless broccoli. Of all the typical burger places with this kind of atmosphere, this place can do better.Last time, I ordered a Chili Chili Burger and there was barely any chili on it even though on the menu, it was painting an image of a lot of chili on this awesome hamburger. Turns out, it was just a hamburger. :/
5	As good as it wss in 69 in Seattle. Very pleasantly surpried. Ordered the cheese burger with sweet potato fries. The fries were so good I ate them without catsup. The short srack onion rings were best ever and the burger was thick juicy and done right. The provolone on top was melted into the burger like it should be. Service was outstanding. This is a burger place, not a chicken place, so order burgers. Kind of like ordering American in a Chinese place, not a good idea.
5	Every time we come here it's always so good! Granted when they are slammed we may have to wait a few mins longer but hey would would you expect ! Always fun and everyone is always so friendly!!
1	My sister and I took our two nieces and nephew tonight. We haven't been in awhile and now I remember why. Everything we ate - two appetizers and our dinners - were loaded with salt. It was awful. I had ordered the fried cod - terribly salty. When I peeled the coating away, the fish itself was delicious. The server was friendly and efficient, which was great.
4	Me n the wifey were craving a nice juicy burger so we came here to Red Robins....not too shabby....very busy when we got here.....our burgers were cook to perfection.....the service was top notch....especially our server.....great gal. We were stuffed....we both ate just half our burgers. Lol
1	This was the worse red robin I have ever been to. The waitress was nice but the manager was really rude. I came to red robin to get a free burger for my birthday with my red royalty card. I didn't register the card until this morning which I called and asked if it was Ohkay to use. Someone on the phone said I could use it as long as I bring my id, which I did. The manager didn't do anything about the issue. All he said was it takes 24 hours to active and I could get use it sometime this month. Why would I want to come to red robin again within the same month? Maybe this place needs to replace the manager if they want people to come there.
2	I should have read the reviews before choosing this place. Shame on me.I felt like we were at a day care facility that happened to serve awesome burgers. Crying babies, unruly toddlers, older children literally running down the aisles, inattentive parents and unbelievable amount of NOISE. Unfortunately no matter how tasty and reasonably priced their burgers are, we will never return to this locale. Not slamming the establishment, just letting others know.
3	Red Robin is a great standard burger.  You can't go wrong and they have stepped up their game from a kiddie place with balloons, to a more of adult bar.  They are one of the rare (pun) places that will cook a burger the way I like it - RARE!  This one's good and near ASU so expect eye candy.
5	The family and I stopped by for father's day and I had the best burger experience in my life. I'm originally from California and I consider my self to be a burger connoisseur. I've had them all from in n out to The Hat. Long story short I know a good burger when I eat one. At Red Robin I ordered a Red Robin classic cheese burger with an onion bun, crispy straw onions instead of regular onions, meat cooked well done and also my must have ketchup. After taking my first bite I knew that this was the burger of the year. This burger was perfect in every aspect.  The bun to meat ratio was perfect, the onion bun also gave me a softer more flavourful alternative from your standard sesame seed bun. The crispy straw onions added a nice texture to the burger as it complemented the lettuce, tomatoes, relish, mayo, and ketchup. This Red Robin is taking the crown for best burger of the year in my book. I look forward to getting back to California and trying the same burger to see if quality and taste are comparable. And last but not least I would like to thank my waitress Kayla M. for serving us she is really nice, friendly, and if you get a chance check out this Red Robin.
3	like always the burger taste great in red robin , but the table was so dirty and sticky.we cleaned the table using some of our baby pampers tissue and it tuned black :(
3	I guess you can't really go wrong with a Red Robin... It's colorful, clean, food is good, lively atmosphere, etc. This place was PACKED on a Sunday afternoon, something I wouldn't have expected. But, service was great, and food was... Well, it's Red Robin. That isn't necessarily a complaint, it's just that it's not that special. Good, yes, special, no.
1	My fiance and I went to this location for dinner, our receipt lists the time as being 8:42 p.m. He had been to Red Robin a few times, but this was my first, and most likely my last. He hadn't had any problems the times he's been before, but everything about this visit was awful. First, we asked for a booth and we were sat way on the end by a door, and it was only a half booth, the other side were chairs... it felt a bit like being in a hallway. I used the restroom before we ordered, and it was not clean. There were two open stalls, one looked clogged, and the other one I used did not have toilet paper installed. Luckily, there was a wrapped roll elsewhere I grabbed first. One of the sinks was leaking and constantly running and there were paper towels overflowing all on the floor. When I got back we ordered water to drink, which tasted awful. By 2014, I would expect restaurants to know how important it is to people to have filtered water. Fries were brought to our table, but the server did not clear the empty tray, someone else did as they were walking by, and our "bottomless" fries were not refilled. We ordered, and waited. The food seemed to take a long time for what it was, and our server again, was not the one to help us. Someone else brought out our food and our server was nowhere to be found for most of the evening. She did not check in on how the food was, and I had to wait a long time for her to walk by so I could flag her down with a question. I asked if I was served the kids meal of what I ordered - I ordered the battered chicken and shrimp - which came to the table looking dismal, and quite frankly ridiculous. I have a photo I will post. It is a giant plate of fries - as if they are the main part of the entree - and just a few small pieces of chicken and shrimp tossed on to the side as if they are the garnish. It looks laughable in the photo. When I asked if this was the kids meal, she said no it was the adult size, and did not offer to bring out anything else to make it more of a meal. Both my fiance and I were flabbergasted that you would charge $12.99 + tax and tip for this - it was overcooked, the shrimp were rubbery, and quite honestly, I could have bought this at the grocery store for wayyyy less money and made it better myself. My fiance's drink ran empty most of the night, as did his fries. We waited for our check to come, and the only time our server came back quickly to the table was to collect our money and her tip. Overall it was one of the worst eating-out experiences I've ever had... The chicken was half the size of the chicken strips at Applebee's, just an FYI, and they charge about half what you charge... they are double the size there and they serve it with three pieces.
4	This location is friendly, clean, and their food is what you'd expect from a Red Robin diner. It's a little far for us to drive out there, but I appreciate the price margin and the quality of the food. Whenever I feel like an "american diner" this is the place I usually prefer. It's such an upgrade from a Johnny Rocket's establishment feel, where they leave plastic bag pieces in your milkshake. I'll definitely keep coming back to this location.
4	Came here on a Thursday afternoon. So I know I can avoid the children and loudness from families. Ordered the over easy egg burger (forgot the name of it) it was delicious! And the fries are never ending so that's always a plus! The only downside is that they only gave us each ONE napkin. And the meal was a bit messy so I asked the manager for more napkins (when the wait or was taking too long to check up on us) and he have us ONE more napkin each. Me and my friend practically laughed out loud. And for the manager to have done that. The only disappointment was the obvious clinging as of napkins. Sorry don't mean to be whiny, but when your starving and just wanna scarf down your yummy meal but you can't because your napkins are soaked and no one is coming by to ask if you need anything, you can say it was quite annoying!
4	I can't count the number of times that I've been to this Red Robin. This store harbors so many memories, it's hard to count. That being said, I made a costly mistake this last time I found myself here for lunch: I ordered a salad and chili. The chili was amazing, spicy and full of flavor. The salad, on the other hand was bland and tasteless, even with their balsamic vinaigrette. I can't hold it against them, though, because I knew full and well that Red Robin specializes in burgers. Do not stray from their burger menu - no matter how good the pictures make the other food look!!Whenever I've ordered a delicious burger (I've never had a bad burger here), I've always had consistently fast and courteous service. No matter how busy the place is, the wait staff ensures that your drink is never empty, your appetizer is delivered quickly (highly recommend the onion ring tower), and your food is cooked to your exact specifications. They are also great for medium-sized groups and their bar is perfect if you want to watch your favorite game with a moderately-priced beer in hand.
1	Love Red Robin...just not this one.  Worst service I have had at any Red Robin.  We were there on a Monday night when it was not busy at all.  Our server was just plain slow.  Not sure what she was doing but we waited and waited to get anything from her.  Our drinks ran out several times.  Food was ok, my burger was over cooked.  It was well done instead of medium.  When we went to pay the server took our card and proceeded to take other orders before ever even running our card.  So once again we waited and waited.  She was standing at the bar after that and then finally went back by the kitchen got some drinks for another table and finally brought our card back...nearly fifteen minutes later.  No exaggeration. I will choose another Red Robin next time.
5	Met with some friends here.  Our server was Jake.  Seated quickly and service was great.  Beer was cold (which is important to me).  Most importantly we had a blast sitting there talking and didn't feel rushed to get up and leave.  Very nice for a Saturday eve.
3	Standard fare. Nothing exciting to report at this location.
5	Came in on a Friday night very busy but we were SAT quickly. Our waitress was very kind attentive and fast. I didn't like my burger and it was swapped without a problem,  then when it was ready and manager brought it out to me and made sure I was very happy. The customer service was amazing!!
5	Delicious burgers for a reasonable price. I got the A1 peppercorn burger and my husband got the bleu burger.A1 peppercorn- not too much a1 sauce as much as I'd like, but it was still really good!Bleu burger- just enough bleu cheese, my husband absolutely loved it.Complaints-Both burgers were well done when we asked for medium rare. It was not too big of a deal for us but the manager gave us 25% off for our troubles.This establishment is awesome in serving great food with great customer service! Definitely coming back to this one.
4	Great food and great service. They have tv's to watch the games throughout the restaurant - which is nice.
3	I bused it to Red Robin today for one reason and one reason only: boredom.When I get bored, my stomach growls.So here I am, writing this after a mediocre dinner made enjoyable only by our waiter and cheesestick platter.My dining partner, a rambunctious young man with an annoying tendency towards CHEESESTICK GLUTTONY, sat with me at about 6 PM at one of the outside tables. It took us about 10 minutes to get anyone to serve us even though we were ready with menus set aside. That part was kind of frustrating.Once our lovely waiter made his existence known, we ordered our drinks, appetizers and entrees. Poppin' Purple Lemonade and Raspberry Lemonade were brought out shortly. Both tasted delicious, despite the fact that my DINING PARTNER kept stealing guzzles (not sips, guzzles) of my drink.Next, the cheesesticks were brought out. This dish, and this dish alone, was the only cuisine we sampled that managed to have a positive impact on this review. I love the cheesesticks. Seriously, just get the cheesesticks.The Garden Burger with steak fries was brought out next. Mediocrity to the core. Honestly, the burger tasted like something I would get in a crummy rehab cafeteria. Or school cafeteria. Or vegan jail cafeteria. I'm not a vegan, by the way... I just happen to enjoy veggie burgers. But this one was just drab. I will forever label it the Cafeteria Burger instead.Our waiter was a nice dude, and once he got our order started, he made sure that we were served promptly. Because of him and the cheesesticks, I will make the bus travel again someday to try more of the menu and maybe change my opinion. Until then, I shall remember Red Robin as an all-American adventure in burgers that I feel "whatever" about and dining companions who should have stayed at home.(No stars taken off for said companion. But he was just so awful today.)Enjoy, fellow eaters!
1	Being in the restaurant industry, I hate writing negative reviews and I am generally a really understanding customer when I do go out to eat. But tonight, Red Robin definitely crashed the car. My boyfriend and I come to this location often and love all of the wait staff! However, tonight there was an odd vibe the minute we walked in. The hostess was very meek and didn't smile. Our server introduced himself as "very busy" and quickly grabbed our drink order. Tables around us waited so long to even be greeted by a server that two got up and notified the staff, so I felt lucky that we at least got our drinks. It was a long wait for food without any refills on drinks, which is fine I guess- it was busy. The kicker for me is that when the manager dropped our food off he merely auctioned the food off, didn't make eye contact, didn't see if we needed anything else (which we did), and clearly saw our empty drinks but hurried off so quickly to the angry table next to us- who he was trying to appease. Apparently we should have complained first in order to get attention? To top it off, my food was obviously sitting under the warmer for a while since all of the condiments on the side were super warm! Mayo and ranch are not exactly supposed to be room temp let alone hot when served. My boyfriends food was hot and he enjoyed it, but we had no napkins or silverware. We were so hungry so we scarfed it down and quickly put our card on the table to pay. The poor server was obviously stressed, and when he handed me the bill he muddled an apology and said that he was quitting after his shift along with others on the staff. Wow. Seems like no one- customer or employee- was happy with Red Robin tonight :(
5	Standard red robin. Same menu. I love the variety of choices you have as far as buns, toppings, fry sauces, etc. I love their drinks as well - milkshakes, refillable root beer floats, strawberry lemonade... all good! You have to sign up for their royalty card, it's free. Buy 9 get 1 free on burgers. Also, pretty much every Tuesday during NFL season you get a free Tavern Double with the purchase of another burger. Score! Service is ok. Place always seems clean. Would recommend for a good burger for a decent price - especially if you are hungry :-)
1	Slow slow slow, you will wait for at least 25 mind to 40 min before food arrives, the restaurant is also filthy.  Floors are messy and so are tsbles.
4	This actually is a very large restaurant lots of seating this would be a great place for a very large group to meets and have a party when I was there there were at least three birthdays going on which is fun at first but then gets a little annoying the seating does feel a little bit like a giant cafeteria however it actually is very nice with a lot of atmosphere, lots of monitors playing sports.
5	I am impressed with the team and quality of customer service here.  I am a server at a different restaurant, and I envy the team that they have at Red Robin.  Everyone helps each other, there is no server-to-server competition.  Wow!  My friend and I ate here at night a couple weeks ago, and we were just laughing and having a good time.  We didn't feel rushed at all while we were there.  If it's one thing I don't appreciate at a restaurant, it's when I feel rushed by the server; I may as well have ate at home.  Not here, though.  They are very patient, kind, and provide excellent customer service.  Management, I hope that you realize how great and rare of a team that you have there.  Servers, keep up the wonderful work!  I hope you know how valuable and appreciated you are by your customers!  :)
4	Service varies... There's no consistency at this location, but the bar staff are friendly.  The hostess (I was there saturday night12/20/14) was somewhat cold and dismissive.  She didn't smile or greet me (I was still waiting on my husband) friendly but as she walked the other guests by she had a whole different game face on and even small talked with them.  So clearly, I feel a bit insulted.  Anyways,  the atmosphere here is good, food is okay; I had better at other Red Robins.  Beer is nice and cold, and is a good location for shoppers and/or locals.
5	Excellent food and service.  The place was busy but we were seated quickly and food came fast!  The blue ribbon burger is awesome here.  Red Robin never disappoints!
