5	Are you kidding me Teharu has opened down the block from me. Did someone plan to make me go broke or something? This place has plates no more than 2 bucks a pop and the variety on the conveyor belt is great! My favorite restaurant!
5	The sushi is great! Not expensive & good quality.  My favorite rolles are the Vegas, Dragon, and the baked scallops :)
5	Saw that it had finally opened! Not as big as the other location, but I feel as if the sushi is slightly better. The inside is very beautiful with the etched glass dividers and granite-y countertops. A great place to go for a cheap, quick lunch.
5	They just open a week ago, everything fresh and service was great. High recommend for this place!!
5	This place was great! My mom and I went for a late lunch today. I found it because I was looking for a place near the Mesa airport. Great find!! The sushi was so fresh and tasted amazing. My favorites were the crunch roll and the California roll! Highly recommend this place. The staff was very friendly as well. They need to open one on the Westside now!
5	Had a great dinner! Just had the Cali roll and pot stickers. Overall the Sushi rolls looked very good. Our server was very nice however they only had two at the time of dinner. I will be back for sure
5	Loved this place when they first opened in Tempe. Went there all the time with my girlfriends. But we moved to QC so the drive was just too far. But I has so happy to see they opened one closer to me. We went to check it out and it is just as good as Tempe. They have a few more non sushi menu items which made the husband happy. Their spicy ramen was tasty as well as the sushi. I love going here because I don't have to spend $10 a roll that I might not finish. This is a good place to take someone to introduce them to sushi too. Gives them an opportunity to try little bit of everything.
5	This place is perfect for everyone. My kids loved it and i loved all the options for them...California roll, edamame, miso soup, squid salad, pudding and the list goes on! Delicious sushi and the friendliest waitress. We will definitely be back.....TOMORROW.
2	Update 11/15: I spoke with one of the employees at the Chandler location. Turns out this Mesa location is co-owner by the one that owns the Scottsdale one and the one that owns the Chandler one. They decided to go with the Scottsdale location's pricing and sushi style/sizes... which I hope changes. I personally believe one of the big reasons the Chandler location does so well and is always packed and has regulars is because the prices and portions cannot be beat. If this Teharu wants to stand out from the other sushi places locally, pricing would be the way to go.----I've been to all three Teharu locations. This one is the least appealing to me overall, by far. The only thing this location outdoes the other three on is atmosphere. Let me start off by saying I visit the other location in Chandler twice a week. It's close to my work, the portions are great, and it has the best pricing by far. I know many of the employees by name, and my coworker and I are treated well every visit.That being said... This location pales in comparison when it comes to price and portion. The plates are often $.50 to $1 more expensive than the Chandler location, and the portions are almost half of what I would get as well. The food was cold when it shouldn't have been... cold tempura shrimp rolls just aren't the same... have you had soggy tempura? It isn't very appetizing, to me anyways. The sauces were even different, and not in a good way. The unagi sauce was the most disappointing. It tasted like they grabbed some soy sauce and tried to water it down with just a little eel sauce... too salty!Pros: Closer to my house by about 20 miles, great atmosphere, good service (until there are more than five tables seated), and informative staff.Cons: Smaller meals (so you have to eat more, and therefore spend more), higher prices (again, spending more), sauces are lacking, and food that isn't fresh enough.Overall, I won't go out of my way to go back. I spent the same amount of money as I would have going to a regular sushi bar that would have served fresh food and given me a free miso soup and salad. That being said, I will give Teharu a second and third chance when it picks up business and gets its big kid wings, maybe things will change.
4	Simple!  Yummy!  Good variety on the sushi conveyor belt and menu.  Some unique rolls like Haru Popper, Mountain Potato Roll, and crispy onions on top of a CA roll.  Affordable and fun!  And I could order a roll without avocado (due to my food allergy).  Good music, TV on the wall, sake and beer selection looks good.  I'll be back!
5	Delicious, fresh fish. Very clean, and wonderful service. Will go back again and again! :D Fantastic!
4	This place is good lots of room and tons of sushi options.. Price is grate aswell. Good place to go for a sushi fix.
5	Yummy, cheap, and clean! Love the revolving bar too! My husband and I end up going here almost every date night just because we love it so much. And we've tried other sushi places, they don't compare!
5	Always happy coming here and we do a few times a month lol it's a guilt free kinda lunch/dinner and so happy we now have one in mesa! :D
3	To preface this review: I am a sushi snob. It's ok. Decent service. Great for budget conscious/ college students because it's ok cheap sushi. Ok for first timers. I won't be inviting people to go with me and saying it's amazing place for sushi. I guess there are more in the valley. The one in chandler is packed all the time, I hear. This as my first to one. I was a little thrown off by the conveyor belt of food going by the tables. I thought what a great I idea for Din Sum! Wait I'm at a sushi place...huh? So I was pretty concerned about how long the sushi is sitting on the on the conveyor belt. I watched for a little and realized it's not long but no one can never be sure. I'm pretty sure I saw the same Vegas roll pass the whole entire time I was there. My voyeurism made me try a few plates. The rolls are jam packed with crab with thinly sliced fish on top. Awesome if you like crab, not awesome if you love fish. I wouldn't bother with any salmon, it was not good. It really made me think the thought, " I really may get sick from this".  Tuna/Toro is decent and flavorful. The rolls are pretty generic and have nothing special about them. Choose wisely and selectively. Hint for parents: keep the kids on the end of the table opposite side of conveyor belt. We spent a few extra bucks from sneaky kid grabbing plates of cream puffs off the conveyor.
4	I'll start by saying I've never been to a sushi joint that serves sushi on conveyor belts and honestly I was a little nervous about going. However, I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of fish served here. There aren't any crazy extravagant rolls but they do have a few that are quite good and there nigiri is fricken awesome. I mainly just eat different types of nigiri when I come here and leave very satisfied. It's also super cheap! Definitely recommend.
5	I've been a loyal customer of Teharu for years now, my boyfriend would always bring me to the one in Tempe and it was awesome. I live in east mesa, so it was always a question of if we were willing to go the distance. We were SO excited to find out there was one opening up right down the street from us. This one is even better than the Tempe location. Their rolls are fatter and I can taste a freshness difference. Don't let a revolving sushi bar scar you, this place is to die for. Not to mention the awesome prices.
5	Let's talk about sushi. Better yet, revolving sushi. Great for a bunch of friends or just a cute little date night right before the movies. Super inexpensive and you can leave that place with a belly full of yummy sushi for just under $10.00 bucks. I mean A LOT of sushi for $10.00. Go try it, they are great and friendly.
4	I love TEHARU! such a cool place and super super inexpensive. I love bringing new people there and trying different types of dishes.
1	If i could give this place negative stars I would.  We have been going to Taharu for years at the Tempe location and never had issues. Apperantly this must be the red headed step child because the service is bad... Walked in when it was dead at 2 pm it's 314 pm and still don't have my order that I placed. I flagged down the server to have her tell me she doesn't know what happened to my order but if I want I can pull from the bar I could do so. The whole point of using the order form was because what I wanted wasn't on the bar.  No refills on drinks even after asking,  Horrible service. If I come back it will be the Tempe location since they don't leave you hanging for an hour and then loose your order.
5	Great food! Great service! Sure this is no gourmet cuisine dive but you certainly get more than what you pay for. Our favorite is the baked scallop roll. We went here for Christmas Eve dinner and left content with full bellies. They were open til 9. For price, selection, and service-- you can't beat Teharu!
3	This is a nice place.  You can have a fun novelty meal without spending a lot of money.  Service was great and I was happy overall.The sushi is pretty generic,  it tasted OK but it's nothing to make a special trip for.  We could taste the difference between the fresh stuff and the stuff that had been on the conveyer belt for awhile.  Nothing is "old" per se, but if you choose wisely from the newer items you'll end up with a better experience.So...if your looking for novelty but don't want to spend a lot this place is worth a try.  If your looking for excellent sushi (and even a little novelty) and are willing to spend a little more go to the  Japanese steakhouse right across the parking lot...
5	My favorite sushi place to go.  If you don't see it, you ask them to make it.  I read all the reviews and the bad reviews were so sad.  I haven't EVER and I have been here about 40+ times...had bad service.  Always filling up the water, getting more wasabi...My grandchildren didn't like sushi and my son in law calls sushi a bait shop...they come back when they are in the area.  I want you to know that that is something else.  We are going tonight as soon as they show up.  I especially like the menu items...getting fried calamari.  If I have extra I take it home and warm it up.  It still is great.
5	This place is the best! Close to our home and not a time has it let us down ! We have been going to Teharu on Ray and man we're glad they opened up this one ! Better place , way nice and the Sushi was killer ! We will be back !
4	I used to go to the Chandler location a lot but after a while I stopped going... the quality seemed to go don't at that location... but I was still excited to try this new location.For some reason, everytime I go there, the place is empty... but that's not necessarily a bad thing (less wait time yassssss) Love the fact that I can try different types of rolls but not have to eat 8 pieces of it...and its really fun watching the sushi move a long the beltMy faves include the Vegas Roll, "boobie roll" not sure what it is called for real lol but it's the one with the red dot, And the Rainbow roll! Yummy!!You can order more specialized stuff on the menu but may not be on the belt.For dessert there's random cheesecakes and cream puffs that go around and other drinks as well ( I personalky focus onthe sushi)Anyways... Prices are pretty affordable from 1-2 dollars per plate... But it does add up!Go and try anyways! It's fun and yummy :)
5	I have to give a huge THANK YOU to the staff at Teharu Sushi! Not only is this a fun, inexpensive place for me to go grab sushi quickly and inexpensively, but we had an experience there that is so rare these days! My 14 year old daughter left her wallet there the other day. It was FULL of all of her Christmas money, several gift cards and her debit card. Every single penny was there and so was everything else. The honesty and integrity of the staff was so impressive, I just cannot say it enough; Thank You, Thank You, Thank you
