4	Buying a new mattress is worse than buying a new car.  I can't believe the high-pressure sales tactics used at some of the other mattress stores around town.  With that said, I recommend Half Price Mattress.  They used to be known as Big Red Mattress: http://www.yelp.com/biz/big-red-mattress-henderson . I'm not sure what the story is behind the name change, but it doesn't really matter to me.I've been in need of a mattress for a long time and stopped at Half Price on whim.  Christina, the sales person was very informative and very friendly.  There was no pressure to make a decision.  She gave us the facts and answered every question we had.  She urged us to lay on EVERY bed in the shop to figure out which one would best suit our needs.  At the end of our first visit, she urged us to shop around and do all the research we could.  After a couple weeks of shopping around and researching online, we came back and got a Cal King Euro Top for $900 including delivery.  We purchased the bed on a Sunday and it was delivered by 10am the next day.  The delivery guy, Bob, was really nice and got the mattress upstairs rather quickly and without damage to it or the house.The only concern I had was the brand.  It's a Kingdom Mattress Co. mattress.  I could find little to nothing online about the manufacturer (they don't even have a website).  But after looking all over town and talking to a friend in the mattress business in Houston, I decided to take the gamble.  So far, I am very pleased with everything.If you're looking for a quality mattress at a reasonable price and don't want the high-pressure sales team you'll find at other retailers, I urge you to check out Half Price Mattress.
5	My husband learned about Half Price Mattress, and wanted to go and check them out.  I said that you get what you pay for, and do we really want a half price mattress.  He is from Nebraska and said this is one of Warren Buffets friends, and that good people need good mattresses too.  So we went down to the store, Bobby the sales person was great, no pressure.   We laid on all the mattresses and took the most expensive one 1199.00  Dream Gel Easter King.  Designed to keep you cool and springs back.   Well, it does just that. The delivery guys were great, especially Juan, with his spectacular studded cowboy boots!!!!!   I have to say that this mattress is the best I have ever slept on.
5	Being a new grad student, I was searching for a budget friendly mattress store and luckily I found this place.  I searched on yelp for mattress stores in the LV / Henderson area, and by far, this place offered the best prices.My roommate and I arrived to the warehouse and was pleasantly greeted by James (goes by Jim).  Very friendly sales associate, family owned, and most importantly wasn't pushy.  We told him we were grad students in medicine and our $200-$300 budget.  He made good recommendations for us without pushing over our budget, and even offered a $20 discount.  We were in and out of the shop within 30 minutes.Highly recommended place for a good deal on mattresses, and will definitely recommend to my fellow classmates!*PS: Family owned! Warehouse prices, so plan to stop by this place and check em' out!
5	This is a belated review! Last month I was just moving to Henderson and needed a mattress ASAP. We looked up half price mattress on yelp and caught it in the last 20 minutes it was open. Christine (I think was her name?) helped us out and we made our purchase and were out if there within 30 minutes. She even gave more than the 5% yelp check- in discount. This place made buying a mattress painless!
5	They had exactly what I wanted at the price I needed. Great family owned business.  I got the memory foam cal king. Had it for three months and still sleeping like a king.
5	Super awesome customer service over the phone! I was able to order a foundation for a bed over the phone with confidence. The person I spoke with was patient and gave me great advices on purchasing the right foundation. She answered all the questions I had and made great recommendations. My delivery and purchase was done all over the phone and my receipt was emailed to me. She saved me a trip to the store and I got everything that I needed and the foundation is well priced! It was another plus that she did not push a purchase on me at all. I can't ask for a better service and attitude! I will definitely check this place out when it's time to purchase a mattress.
5	I'm very pleased with my experience at Half Price Mattress. I was in and out very quickly - no more than 20 minutes from arrival to loading up my mini-van. Their prices are very reasonable and the service was polite and friendly. The young man in the warehouse was a big help to us. He did a great job at loading up the two box springs and frames into my minivan and he quickly, and efficiently, tied down the mattresses to the racks on top.I highly recommend this business for your mattress needs.
5	I found this place on Yelp (thanks Yelpers!) and wanted to check them out as we were looking for a king size mattress.  We did check out Best Mattress, however did not like the pushy sales manager and made the trip over to Half Price Mattress after dinner.  The saleswoman/manager (Christine I believe) was very friendly, informative and encouraged us to try out multiple mattresses.  Best of all - she was not pushy.  Their prices are awesome!  We ended up getting the Amethyst by Corsicana and we love it!  King size mattress set, with box spring and a free gift (promo at the time, we were able to get a king bed frame for no additional cost!!!), all for $599.  I also picked up a 1600 thread count sheet set there for an incredible price!  Bob, our delivery man delivered our mattress the next morning and had it set up in less than 20 minutes!  They also offer furniture orders as well at discounted prices.  If you are in the market for a new mattress or furniture - please check them out.  You won't be disappointed!
5	After checking with my yelpers and reading the excellent reviews for Half Price Mattress I surfed over to their website and chose a full mattress in my price range for my 10-year-old son.When I walked into the store I was immediately greeted and once I told the saleswoman that I needed a decent full mattress for my 10-year-old son... she showed me the model I had already chosen online. No high-pressure sales pitch to up-sell to a more expensive model, just an explanation of the benefits of my choice. She even showed me some lower-priced models but my son loved the pillow-top on my first choice. Their frame price is equal to the discount stores and they were able to deliver just 3 hours later for $40. The delivery guys were kind enough to set up the frame and bed after hauling it to an upstairs bedroom. Great service  - friendly and no pressure - and great product! Make sure you check in on yelp and you'll receive a 5% discount!
5	Bought mattress and motorized adjustable frame at Half Price Mattress. Christina (Salesperson) was the best. I bought the 14" thick Glideaway memory foam mattress and it is the Most comfortable mattress I've ever owned (great prices). Highly recommend!
5	Excellent Customer Service X10!!! In awe of their true dedication to serve their customers and they are very knowledgeable of every product they have. We bought the most expensive mattress they have and we are absolutely satisfied!!!! Thank you for your great service!
5	I have spent the last year going to several Dr's to try and discover why I am unable to sleep through the night. As a last resort, I went to Half Price Mattress on Wigwam and bought the Euphoria eastern king set and 2 serenity pillows, even though I wasn't confident that this would work. Guess what...from the very first night I am sleeping like a baby. The salesman/manager was so nice. No pressure and very informative in showing me different options and prices. Gave me a 30 day satisfaction guarantee, and threw in a mattress cover no charge. The pillows are amazing! (I'm no longer waking up constantly to flip my pillow over.) I LOVE my new bed! I am so rested now. Thank you Half Price Mattress!!
5	Such nice people! No pushy sales, genuinely interested in making sure you don't spend more than you need to while selling me the most comfortable bed I've slept on in years. Will definitely recommend to anyone who asks and will go back whenever I need a mattress or any other furniture they can order for you.
5	I moved from NYC to Henderson . Was shopping for mattress during 3 days I walked in all kind of stores around Henderson. It was hard to find decent mattress for money I want to spend OMG sales  people here in NV pushy Finally Saturday I drive around the neighborhood I see some mattress store says up to 80% of course i didn't believe  still I walked in  I saw nice mattresses for decent price I got nice king size "Bamboo" mattress for price I want to spend :) I couldn't believe it and it came with free Sheet set can't be better, they deliver same day too . This place is the best mattress store :)
1	Don't go here!!!!  This is the worst mattress store out there.  We bought 3 complete mattress sets and was going to buy more for our rental when our sets started to cave in,  we told them of problems and they were like 'What do you want us to do' they lie about lifetime warranty/exchange.. All this w/in 6mos.we paid over 2000. For them.. They are nothing but scammers & bullsh*t... Buyer beware! If it seems too good to be true it probably is...Stay away nothing but Liars & scammed!!!
5	I just moved here and had no idea what was and wasn't a good mattress place. I checked the reviews of this place and decided to check it out.WIthin 5 minutes, the owner had helped me find a bed at the price I wanted without any excessive haggling or negotiating. The feel was very friendly, and when I need a bed in the future, I will be using these guys again. The price was reasonable, the bed amazing and the service fantastic.If you need a new bed, check them out!
5	Bobby Copeland helped me purchase my mattress today!  It is the Serenity memory foam mattress!  He made me feel like the only one in the store and I thought he was the owner.  No high pressure sales, he is genuine and I loved doing business with him because he paid attention to my husband and I's needs.  Thank you so much and I cannot wait to purchase the base!!
5	Just bought a new mattress for my guest room from the owner.  Nice guy. Even got a free set of sheets for mentioning that I found them yelp. Will definitely go back if I need another mattress.  In and out in 10 min.
5	This was the first time I've ever been in the market for a mattress and the employees made is so simple and easy! The service was so personable, you could tell they wanted me to leave with the perfect mattress for me instead of trying to make a sale. We picked out a mattress (at an amazing price), they loaded the bed in a truck, followed us home, and set it up in less than 2 minutes ( trust me, I timed it)! I would highly recommend 1/2 price mattress to anyone!
5	Christina was very helpful and knowledgeable.  I had gone to a couple other mattress stores and explained I didn't want to spend a lot of money on a mattress.  The first thing one of the places did was show me the top of the line and worked their way down.  As I was shown the less expensive mattresses, the customer service level also went down.  This was not the case here at Half Price Mattress.  Christine even honored the groupon I told her I had seen.  I bought the mattress and sheet set offer and walked out of there with a new king mattress, frame, sheets, and mattress pad for under $700.  It was delivered the same day. My only complaint was the delivery person would have not been able to handle the mattress by himself and it required the help of another male who just happened to be at my home.  I paid extra for the delivery and feel the person who delivered it should have enough manpower to handle it themselves as the delivery was $40 that was paid directly to him and then $10 to haul the old mattress away.If you have the means to pick up the mattress yourself, that would be my recommendation.  However, Half Price Mattress Co is the place to go.  Thanks Christina for your help.  I have already told people about your location.
5	What a breath of fresh air this place is!  If only ALL businesses operated like this!  Christina greeted me when I walked in Thursday afternoon to look at mattresses.  She treated me like I was her brother.  The other wannabe furniture/mattress stores should take lessons from her about REAL customer service.  No pressure, bad attitude here.  There was nothing, but knowledge, and attention to detail.  When I came back on Saturday to buy, Christina not only welcomed me back, but remembered me by name!  At 11:15, my better half and I found the mattress we liked.  By 11:30, we were out the door!  3 hours later, our mattress set had arrived as promised.  George, the delivery driver, was as nice as could be!  I had to tip him $10 and give him a couple bottles of water.  This place only charged me $40 for delivery paid to the driver.  I also bought a mattress cover, some 2100 thread count bamboo sheets, and got it all for less than $800!  It's the best price and service I have ever had at ANY store!  Tell Christina that Chris from Yelp sent you!  Let her wow you with the service and price that you deserve!
5	I noticed the great reviews on this place and I had to check it out. I'm in the process of moving into a new place and I needed a great deal on a mattress on short notice and Jim the owner, provided just that! I was in and out in under 30 minutes with a great deal on a king size mattress, sheets, bed frame AND a bed cover for under $800! The customer service was great and I will certainly recommend my friends and family to this establishment.
5	About a year ago, my husband and I were searching for a new mattress. We went to a few different mattress companies, but were not impressed.  Fortunately, we were told by another family member about how great Half Price Mattress Company is, and that we should check them out. After looking online at their selection, we decided to immediately make a trip down to their store because of their unbeatable prices. The owners were very helpful, and are not pushy like other mattress companies. They truly care about their customers and want them to be happy with their purchase. We selected a mattress and I was and am still very, very happy with my purchase. This mattress exceeded my expectations and is more comfortable than the $1,200 dollar mattresses at other stores. Now, my son was in need of a mattress, and of course we went to Half Price Mattress. It was once again a great and pleasant experience and I couldn't be happier. If you are looking for a mattress, do yourself a favor and go to Half Price Mattress. You will not be disappointed.  Kasandra G and family.
5	What an awesome Mattress store with not only great prices but friendly staff. We purchased a couple of mattresses and unfortunately one of the beds seemed to be caving in after 5-6 months. After talking to Bobby about the problem he attentively acknowledged the issue and had the mattress sent back to the manufacturer for repair. My daughter spilt milk on it but luckily we also purchased a mattress protector so it didn't have stains on it and we were able to use the manufacturers warranty at zero cost to us. Since then the bed is perfect and hasn't sagged. Not sure how anyone could rate this company any lower than 5 stars as they have saved us thousands compared to other high pressure mattress stores and when faced with a challenge stepped up to the plate to give us the best customer service ever. Thank you Half Price Mattress!
5	Greeted promptly... Ron III, was great!  very patient while my 3 year old jumped from bed to bed; and even played hide and seek with him...all while talking about what my options were.
5	My experience at half price mattress was absolutely fantastic. We were fortunate enough to have the owner help us which is always a nice touch. He was extremely knowledgable about all his products and took the time to explain the differences in the bed materials and what would be the most comfortable for the issues we wanted to correct in our old mattress. This place has genuine people and don't speak like "used car salesmen" which was refreshing and we were even given special gifts like new sheets for choosing their company! I would absolutely recommend half price mattress to anyone who wants a good price and a great purchasing experience.
5	Just came in to get a mattress and it was simple and pain free. They were super friendly and easy to deal with.  Amazing prices. I thought i was going to pay double what I paid. I was in and out in less than 30 minutes. Highly recommend them :))
5	Thank you everyone at Half Price Mattress for the great product and customer service.I purchased the Stargaze Euro Top queen set and have never had a better mattress. Very nice, you won't go wrong for the money.Their delivery and setup is top notch as well.
5	Wow, looking for affordable mattress with comfort?  This is the place, don't look anymore go here! Very nice staff!!!
5	This guys are so awesome. We went to 5 other mattress stores and they were, by far, the most amazing. We worked with Bobby - immediately he was NOT a greasy used car salesman. He was wonderful. He really explained the value of each mattress and what makes them wonderful. He worked within our price range and found a solution that worked for us. He was very knowledgable. Bobby also found us a financing plan that worked for us and made it happen very easily. Took us about 20 minutes to buy and get out the door. Not too bad. Beyond that, everyone in the store was very friendly. They were very welcoming. They have a TV and nice chairs and everyone is laughing and being friendly. We couldn't have had a better time. They also sell furniture sets and other things - just ask them. It's a great place. They also have high trad count sheets and protectors... All the good stuff. Go here. You won't be disappointed.
5	Friendly staff and amazing deals! No better place to buy your bed. Excellent.
5	Great prices, helpful staff. The owner was there and helped me pick out the right bed. I would recommend this place to anyone.
5	Totally recommended. Top notch customer service, price and quality. Made our decision easy. And delivery by today! What?!? Thanks to Andrew & Ron!
