4	decent bar, with some good 2 for 1 specials, a lot more english speaking than some of the other bars in montreal, and there is always an ass ton of girls working!!  i try to get out to montreal once a year and cleopatra is definitely worth a look, it's a lot more user friendly than all the tourist rip offs on st catherine st
4	Definitely a place you visit while in Montreal. Its not as classy or upscale as Wandas or Chez Paree but it still pretty good. Its a full contact strip club. There are some good nights and some bad nights. More locals then any of the saint Catherine spots.
1	Went on a bachelor party at the end of March.  This was the first strip club we went to.  I was extremely disappointed with the quality of strippers that were there.  I didn't waste my money on one lap dance.  We went to 2 other strip clubs that were incredible.  This place is definitely not worth your time.
1	the bald guy at the door thinks he is guarding the entrance to the playboy mansion.  He is a wise--- pain in the a--, he needs to learn customer service skills, what a pric- the dancers look like run down scarecrows and the place overall is awful.  what a dump
3	Let me preface this review by saying that I dislike strip clubs... and no, it's not because I'm a sex-negative feminist or to appear a gentlemen (you will quickly figure out I am not).  I'm a strip club burnout - I've been going to peeler joints since I was 16 (it was cool then, seriously).  I had a few friends in the industry so it was it quickly became routine after the 'hookup' angle wore off.  And a few of my business associates only conduct meetings at strip joints.  And I spent a lot of time in Vegas when I was younger.  So - ya - I get the same excitement going to a peeler joint now as going down to the post office.  (shrug)But I honestly was not going to go to Montreal without visiting at least one strip club.  I'm Vancouver - a city famous for vice - and I've heard of the war stories from people returning from trips/bachelor parties from Montreal.  I just had to see what the big deal was.  So - I grudgingly did some quick research and picked Cleopatra - largely based on Mike W's excellent review.Largely picked this joint because it's a locals joint and I never liked the 'upscale', glitzy strip clubs (i.e. Spearmint Rhino).  There is no bigger lie than a 'gentlemen's club'.  If you're a Vancouverite - I was looking for the Montreal equivalent of No. 5 Orange - not Brandi's.  If you've been to Vegas - I was looking more for that seedy little joint by McCarran (which has no name because it doesn't have a website) rather than Sapphire's.  So all the strip joints in Ste-Catherine were no-go zones - total tourist traps... especially with places named 'Super Sexe'.The bouncer was predictably surly but was pretty helpful.  There's no cover but he asked for a tip, I slipped him a blue-note (I'm a baller)... he wasn't satisfied so I dropped a Macdonald for the three of us.As expected, the performers here are kinda 'B-grade' at joints like this - but I just don't like plastic and you'll have a better time at places like this.  Plenty of girls working on weekend night and this joint is definitely for the locals.  I saw the same narcoleptic old man Mike W. mentioned in his review - no exaggeration, the man would nap, drink from one of the many beers in front of him and occasionally stagger to/from the stage seats and go back to sleep.We got there during happy hour and I was told told it was 2-for-1 - sweet - so I order and pay for the first round: $18 for 3 bottles of Budweiser (it was a white trash kinda night).  Then the gears started churning - wait - she charged us $9 for a bottle of Bud?  On the second round, the waitress in her limited English said she misunderstood thought I wanted to full price rather than buy 3 for 2.  Did we look that stupid?  So I asked if she can just bring us the remaining 3 beers we were owed since I already bought 3.  She says okay... and then returns with 6 bottles of Bud and asks for $18 again.  Ugh.  At this point, I was tired of the language barrier and just took all the beers.  Oh well - at the average price of $4 a bottle - whatever.So - after getting about 5 beers deep in about 40 minutes (my tablemates didn't want to forcefeed themselves 3 bottles of crappy Bud each before hitting a club) - I figured - alright.  Let's get a lap dance before we go.  I scan... I survey... hmm... none of the girls seem to be hustling at all.  I know we were at a co-ed table and you have to be aggressive at a place like this - but the place was dead and they were just standing around and chatting.  Bleh - fuck it - $10 'full contact' lap dance will wait for another day.  But good if you don't like pushy dancers.So I just admired the stage show and just bullshitted with some of the locals at nearby table celebrating retirement.  Got to chatting about one of the dancer's assets and F1 - then one of the older gentlemen asks me, "Do you know the secret of being a good father?"... I was expecting him to give me the Chris Rock bit: "You're a good daddy as long as your daughter doesn't wind up on the pole."  But he dropped some knowledge.  He dropped some sagely wisdom - I bought the man a shot as a sign of my gratitude, shook his hand and left for the next destination.So - I didn't get a lapdance at Cleopatra - but I did get parenting advice. (shrug)
2	A bit less classy than anticipated, but not the worst place
3	I think it's safe to say this is more of a local spot...girls look like they've had a little more mileage on them, the facility doesn't feel as clean, and the crowd is a little creepier than some of the more touristy spots in the city.  Yet, I thought the girls were friendlier, the bar was very reasonably priced, and best of all, dances were only $10!  Again, on the whole the girls aren't great, but there are a few good ones scattered around and at those prices, I would come back if I had to do another bachelor party in the city.
4	Been coming here since 1987.  The atmosphere hasn't changed in 40 years and the club is laid back without bouncers glaring at the patrons every 10 seconds.  The girls are mostly natural with some well into their thirties and even forties.  No problem though as there are plenty of 20-something dancers too.  Many nationalities represented here, which is very cool.  Not a lot of fake boobs either, which makes it even better.  If you are looking for plastic girls with plastic attitudes, this is not your place.  I've had many classic moments at Cleo including witnessing one patron who bogarted an entire joint while sitting at the stage without anyone even noticing!  That was Cleo pre-smoking ban.  Still strange to walk into a strip joint and not see patrons smoking!  Cleo downstairs is one cool joint that keeps the flame burning for me after the legendary Club Scandal closed due to fire and Club Du Sexe closed in the early 1990's.
5	I can only speak to the times I've been to shows in the upstairs room, but oh "what a time it was, a time of innocence, a time of consequences." One time, at a stag-ette, a beautiful drag queen picked me up and spun me over her head like a baton. Other times I've been here for rawcus, feminist, circus inspired burlesque. All of it was good. This is the only place I know of downtown with a nudity license so you can see the whole glorious shape of human bodies in a safe and celebratory environment. Great staff, beer specials, generally a local legend. So glad this space still exists, long may she run.
1	Utterly boring. No one on stage when we walked in. The place was completely devoid of talent (or they're talented at hiding their talents?) We paid $10 to the bouncer for two of us, meh, they should've just called it a cover...I'm not joking, in the 45 minutes I was there , only about 3 girls took to the stage. All 3 girls walked slowly around the stage and didn't do much dancing, let alone stripping. There wasn't much nudity and the blank, dead stares on the dancers faces depressed me. I wanted to at least think it was funny... But it wasn't. It was mostly sad.This is one of those instances where you don't want to try to be cool by doing what the locals do. Go ahead and be a tourist when it comes to choosing your adult entertainment. Or maybe, just maybe, Sunday night isn't the night to go.
3	Heh. Only time I've ever been to a strip club, which I feel like is kind of a self-serving disclaimer. Anyway, I kinda had fun here. Bouncer's a real winner, but what do you expect? Apparently $10 per song is pretty cheap for a dance? Look, just drink your required beer (a little marked up, not terrible) very slowly and stick near the front of the stage. If you're like me and you like looking at naked women, you'll have a good time. Extra points for good diversity. Also fun for people watching--in the audience, that is.
