3	There isn't a great (or even good) selection of tea houses in Madison, this one is kind of hidden away on the east side. Although a bit kitschy, okay maybe a lot, they tried to make my entire group wear various types of hats and were very strict on matching hats to the appropriate gender.The seating is fun because the seats are of all different varieties, I really digged the mismatchiness of the place. I believe that the building used to be a house, so there are a bunch of different rooms which makes the tea parties feel more private and exclusive, which I enjoyed.I came here for a birthday celebration, and we were the only guests for the majority of the time. The food was all great, it was displayed beautifully, and there were many choices for tea selections. I didn't like that you could not select which sandwiches you ordered, you simply got a plate of sandwiches...The worst part of my experience here was the woman who I'm assuming owns the place. She was completely overbearing, and had our tables situated so that in order to serve one half of my party, she had to completely invade the personal space of the other half of my party. She was not very friendly, and tried to make the experience so formal that we all got annoyed pretty quickly. Rather than simply letting us (a group of adults) enjoy our time and the company of each other, she felt the need to bark orders at our tea party experience and make annoying comments. I'd pay extra to make her sit outside and let us serve ourselves.If I had come here as a little girl for a birthday party, I would have loved it.
5	My godmother and sister organized my bridal shower to be a tea party here. It was fabulous!In the past I'd bought some prints to have framed here but hadn't experienced the tea room. While it's nothing fancy, the service was impeccable (including a very educational and yet super fun talk about different types of teas) and the tea trays were full of deliciousness. Having had many an actual English tea, this really wasn't as authentic as it supposes. But ignoring whether or not it is authentic and focusing on the tastiness, it's just tops!
4	I took my sister-in-law and mother-in-law here while visitng over Thanksgiving to introduce them to English tea and it was the closest one near Oshkosh.Not a lot of seating but they have some a couple cozy coffee table-style seating options instead of just regular tables. A wide variety of tea but not a lot of menu selection options regarding the tea and sandwich combos, just basically the high tea and then you can mixer match sandwhiches which scones and whatnot.The jam for the scones was superb and the scenes themselves were pretty good. The sandwhiches were a good variety but nothing really stood out.A large knick-knack/collection item gift shop of mosty Scandanian items along with tea accessories.
