4	go with friends, get a table near the bar and avoid eye contact with strangers-cause this place has 1 pound drinks. fo realsies. it aint great but cheap it is
4	I remember when I were a lad going here when it was called Legends. Twas a great pub back then with a cracking jukebox. These days it's got more of a nightclub vibe thing going with the upstairs area blasting noisy metal to either a completely empty room or a sweaty, packed, hall; depending.  Downstairs though and cheap beer and jukebox music as selected by someone who was at the jukebox about 5 hours ago can be yours!
4	Lets not beat around the bush. Opium is a dive bar. It is grotty, smelly, sweaty, a little bit dirty and cheap. But I love it. Opium is not for your average soul. If you want to bop away to Rihanna or Lady Gaga while wearing your finest Topshop to impress the lad across the bar who has his collar popped, then this place is definitely not for you. Opium is ideal for a night out with a big group of friends who are unpretentious and love to rock out with a slightly different crowd. You will generally find an odd mix of goths, indie kids and random foreigners who are in town for the rugby, with each getting along and having a good time without any trouble. The drinks are insanely cheap, which is reflected in the taste. The music is varying degrees of rock, from Metalica to Kings of Leon to Foo Fighters to Jimmy Eat World. There is a juke box, so really it depends on what has been chosen. But you ain't going to get your mainstream dance/pop/electro tracks so don't expect it. This place is best done with a group of friends who love a bit of rock music and want a probably very random night.
5	One of the very few bars in Edinburgh which I return to over and over again, Opium is a rock club/bar in Edinburgh's Cowgate.Despite appearances, and the smell of sweaty rockers - Opium is a little slice of rock and roll heaven among the indie and dance music scene that dominates Edinburgh.Drinks are cheap, the rock/metal/classic rock music is loud and Opium is always full giving it a vibe that I going back for - fun, uninhibited and relaxed.Split across two floors, Opium is a bar of two personalities - the ground floor has tables and booths, with the main bar and a pool table / games area. Upstairs is a dark dance floor, hidden alcoves with a smaller bar and a DJ booth - which is always happy to take requests, as long as it isn't Cliff Richard!Opium is great for a night out with a group of friends who don't mind dressing in black and having an excellent time.
3	One of the few places where a dark and grungy interior actually adds to the character of the bar.  Not an ideal place to squire a loved one or take your folks, but for small groups of close companion its all good fun. One minor problem - it's not really a night club...I mean would you really want to spend the whole night here?. There's only so much of the musty interior I can take and for this, it has to be classed as a 'have a few and then out' kind of bar.Still, its ridiculously cheap drinks will help you get suitably sloshed for the night ahead.
2	Opium Nightclub. It's not a place I like to go to overly too much. It's hard rock, metal, Goth image is not something that makes me go 'I have to visit this place!' I used to go in my earlier days in Edinburgh due to its cheap drinks and classic rock nights with karaoke...the looks my mate got when singing Van Morrison's Brown Eyed Girl were not very supportive! However, in recent years I feel the club has gotten heavier and I just cannot get the attraction of dancing to head banging metal crazed music. The second floor is where you would find this! Also, the place is quite quiet at times, which makes it feel quite eerie to say the least. However, if you like the sort of music and image that this place offers, then most likely Opium is one of the best places to go to in Edinburgh!
4	Opium was one of the regular nightclubs I visited when I first moved to Edinburgh and I was still young and impressionable. For some reason I have fond memories.Let me get a few things straight. I don't regard Opium as some dark or brooding bar where bad ass punks go to rock out. No its a place where teenagers and students would like to be, rock out. I should also say that this place always seemed to smell a bit to me. I know that's not that unusual for a late night drinking spot, and others disagree but I thought I should point it out.Anyway the key to Opium is to not take it too seriously. The bar downstairs plays an impressive range of rock, increasingly more classic rock and pop rock "emo" stuff, the latter of which you will just have to put up with. Upstairs is the small dance floor where you can boogie on down (shake your head a lot). This place is definitely best enjoyed with a large group of friends who can laugh past some of the "dark" facade and get some classics on the juke box going.There are cheap drink deals throughout the week. It can get quite busy on a Friday and Saturday night, considerably less so on week nights.
4	Opium is beautifully dirty, skanky and rocky. It is a small, dark bar right down on Cowgate and is so much fun. Definitely one for the rock kids, the jukebox switches between rock, classic rock, metal, and punk. If you don't like this then Opium's probably not the best place for you, as the music is pretty loud and can be overwhelming to those that don't really like the whole metal scene. Once you walk in you can see straight away it is a rock kid's dream. Most people wear black, or black with something else, and there are an array of piercings, tattoos and excessive eyeliner on offer. There are all the drinks any self-respecting gig rat would want, including the ubiquitous Jaeger and JD at pretty good prices. In fact the whole bar is pretty cheap, with affordable shots and pints leading to a good night. There are not too many seats on offer, but the ones they have are all in quite cool booths. These fill up really quickly though so get there early.Sometimes Opium can be a bit much for a whole night but if you're going there for a few drinks or pre-drinking before somewhere else, it's really good fun
3	It's not a bar. It's not a club. It's a time machine!No, but... this is true. If I'd actually gone to look in a mirror in this place I'd have expected to see a blunt fringe, pink streaks in my daftly long hair and a Hello Kitty shirt. On the ten year anniversary of my entry into college, a period during which I had a love affair with a bar called Aqualenium, I visited Opium with one of those same college friends and weirdly, spookily, crazily enough the jukebox seemed to consist solely of what was playing on MTV2 between 2000 and 2002. Did it know we were coming?!?Like its namesake, this place has the effect of being somewhat addictive. It's loud, it's fun and it doesn't take itself too seriously. Plus there's nothing remotely scary about it (unless you count the sticky floor and the strange black substance which ended up on my shoes - Chris explained to me that this is what happens in Opium) and it's actually rather welcoming. The cheaps as chips prices appeal to everyone, never mind the students, the night we were there the music was more mass appeal than terrifying, and although it's small there are plenty of corners in which to hang out and people-watch.Anytime I need to feel seventeen again, I'll hotfoot it over here. Just remind me not to look in a mirror for the duration - it's one thing feeling ten years younger, but looking it would involve some major life choices and a bank balance of infinity! Or a stint on a Channel 4 reality show. Neither of which I'm quite ready for yet.
5	For a land dominated by pop music it is nice to know that there are sweet places like this where you can go get some drinks and listen to some rock with like minded headbangers. I had a great couple nights here. Will never forget their tiny dance floor and singing Sweet Home Alabama with the whole place.
5	Despite that Joe A specifically told me not to write a review of Opium based on our Tuesday night post-Yelp Elite Event outing, I am. Because I did like it that much.I had to laugh as I skimmed the reviews and come across Cheryl C's, who was also there on said Tuesday night post-Yelp Elite Event, saying she always wakes up with the most hellish headache. Seems to be catching Cheryl...! But I'm blaming that on my also attempt at head-banging than booze. Because I did do that. A lot. Probably badly, right in the middle of the dance floor, but y'know what? I was having too much fun to care.Yes, the DJ was a bit awkward (as a polite way to put it) and refused to play anything I or my friends requested. Ok so we're not regulars (well at least, I'm not. Can't speak for Joe...!) and we might not 'look' the part but inside this blonde, curly 20-something hides the remnants of my skater, mosh, System of a Down listening 15 year old who worked in a shop that sold bongs and body jewellery and worked with a guy who had 15 piercings...in his face.I'm proper old school mosh, not in the teeny bopper way, but I just decided not to carry that through to my adult life. So the DJs attitude wasn't welcome when I requested different things and he either sneered / looked bored / started to ignore me.What's with saying no to SOAD then playing Total Eclipse of the Heart?! Come on.Anyway, I digress. It was a Tuesday night, it was quiet we did take up most of the fairly empty dance floor. But the bar staff were friendly, the crowd quite cool (apart from weird creeper guy in the corner...weird), the tunes were really varied from Ramstein to, eh, yeah, Total Eclipse of the Heart. As Amy G says, it's a dive bar of sorts. It's sweaty and sticky but in the best way possible. Come here expecting a lot of black, leather, studs, screaming-shouty music, creeper in the corner and you'll be happy.I can so see myself coming back here, a lot, at the weekends. Joe, thanks for bringing Opium into my life good sir.(It's good to know they don't take card payments upstairs but they do downstairs!)
5	Love this place!!It is what is....! The people are they to have fun. no intimidation, no who do you think you are....no you dont belong here!And this is from a man there in a suit on a Tuesday night!!Decent prices, great tunes and great fun!!
5	OPIUM - I'M CALLING YOU OUT!You played Barenaked Ladies, Time Warp and John Denver remixes. I loved it, but your ROCKCARD has been revoked for the time being. Just as all of the hipsters that are in your clubs' MANCARDs are being revoked for wearing scarves at an indoor venue. Not that you don't look cool, guys - I could just very obviously beat you up. Opium is now just a nightclub. On to the review:Maybe because it wasn't so hardcore, maybe because I was about 17 when most of the music came out (just around the time that memorizing songs was a valid and coveted skill), maybe because I was the perfect kind of drunk (standing up, not firing on all cylinders... but firing on some), maybe because it was good company paired with clever banter and SexBomb shots from The Globe. But it was a fantastic night. Not good, not great, fantastic. I knew every word to every song and it was one of those times when you're out dancing and you think, "after this one I'll go get a drink/go to the bathroom/have a sit down/go for a cigarette" but the songs you like JUST. KEEP. COMING. In particular I liked that they played a little bit 'o' my hometown Dropkick Murphys (even if it was The Departed song).The music made no attempt at being badass... it just made an attempt at being loud, popular and considered a bad influence by my mother circa 1998 (Green Day, Marilyn Manson). Well done Opium. It looks like a cavernous hard rock emporium. It's smoky and dark and your feet stick to the floor (as they should at a proper rockclub) but I didn't feel nerdy or not-cool enough at all, or dressed like a square, (I do have tattoos, which makes me evermore bad ass than anyone with a collared shirt on) and it seemed like no one felt that way. So I'm complimenting you Opium on being accessibly rock and roll.
2	Only reason this place is busy is because its open late and its free to get in. Weird mix of even weirder people.Its really a pub with a small dancefloor. You can hardly classify it as a nightclub.
2	If you're older than 19 or have any self respect, then Opium has little to offer - unless you have an interest in awkwardly-shaped dance floors, in which case there's a world-class example upstairs.It provides a place for pubescent mini-metallers and proto-goths to rub shoulders with the alcoholic dregs of the Cowgate (and given that it's the Cowgate, these are some weapons-grade dregs we're talking about).   If you don't belong to any of those groups then you've got no real business being here.That said, it's indicative of how poorly served Edinburgh is in terms of rock bars that I occasionally find myself giving this place another chance, each time vowing never again to cross its threshold after another thoroughly disappointing night of rubbish drink and substandard music.It's not too bad during the week as a place to drink in the Cowgate with cheap booze that isn't The Three Sisters (the reason for the second star in the rating) but it's to be avoided at all costs at the weekends where it becomes a seething throng of hormonal teenagers, as well as running what appears to be a care in the community project for rubbish bar staff.I'm sure it used to be better.  Or maybe I'm just becoming a cantankerous old git.
4	I actually quite like opium even though I wouldn't say I am their usual type customer! Its a rock/metal bar but the people there are v. friendly & very accepting so you tend to find all sorts in there, students, people dressed up in heels, casual trendy guys etc etc. To be honest as this is free to get in I find this much better to just use the bar downstairs & then head to another club. Going upstairs is like going back to being 15, which is sometimes fun with a large group of friends dancing to the tunes of a few years ago, but most of the time I want to listen to something else. The drinks here are super cheap & bouncers are friendly. Worth a stop on a bar-crawl!
4	Opium is still a great place, however change is afoot up the stairs. There is a new bar (where the dance floor once was) and what will likely become an actual stage area, now with plenty of open space in front of it. What does this mean, well Opium is becoming a "real" live music venue and in a city surprisingly short on them this can only be a good thing!
5	This club is ridiculous. Every time I'm in Edinburgh I simply have to go. Its so unique and mad. the music, the people, the criminally cheap drinks. check.
3	You get what you pay for, simple as.Free entry and cheap drinks, a funny mixture of interesting people, two areas with different types of music. It is a no frills, cheap and fun venue for a few drinks or dance.
2	Cool bar staff. Horrible management system! Meathead bouncers!
