4	Woohoo! First dibs on the review! =)My MIL has been coming here for over 6 years so I don't know if this makes a difference in the service/treatment we get but I like it!Heidi did my mani/pedi and she was great. She's quick but very thorough and she didn't skimp on my massages. It's been over a week and both feet and hands still look great. Mind you, I'm a very active person who rarely gets their nails done because I usually wreck the polish by the time I move from the chair. But definitely, I'll come back here when I'm in town. My recap:Pros:-Very clean facility-Quick and professional staff-Great massage and service-Affordable, $30 for mani/pedi, its the going rateCons:-None really
5	I found this place next to the UPS store, while we were mailing a package home (lightening the load for the plane ride), and I'm so glad I did.  I got exactly what I after 8 days of travel:  a really good manicure with light polish.The salon is very professional, with autoclave for the clippers, brushes for washing the lotion off, and lots of color choices.Usually I have trouble conveying that I want a thin coat of color, to save the manicure longer, but the salon owner agreed with me, and I walked out very happy.  The salon is very busy, even just after the doors open for the day.  I have bookmarked this salon for my next trip to the valley.
1	Walked In Today and asked for a fill. The lady told me there was an extremely long wait. There was only one other person in the chair and she was already being worked on and insinuates I should leave. I left. If you don't want my business, I certainly won't give it to you. Went to another salon and had to wait, I don't mind having to wait at all, it was the tone that was used.
1	On April 30th I went to Tango for a Gel Manicure and Pedicure. I arrived a few minutes before my 2:00 appointment. The two employees were running behind. Finally Nina went to work on my nails by using cotton drenched with polish remover and wrapped each nail with foil. I was then taken over to the pedicure station where I sat for well over an hour with dripping nails. I noticed that my black shorts were wet but I had no idea that the color was being eaten away. I left the salon at 4:30...2 1/2 hours for a manicure and pedicure. When I got home my shorts did not look right so I washed them. That is when I really noticed the damage as the polish remover really bleached out the color. I went back to Tango this morning May 3rd to show Nina my pants. First she denied that I sat at the pedicure station. Then she said that I should have kept my nails facing down. I had tried that and the foil would fall off. I told her all she had to do was give me a towel for my lap to catch the running polish remover. She then claimed that polish remover would not do that kind of damage and took no responsibility for ruining my favorite shorts. Obviously, they have lost a customer and I told her I would be filing a complaint.
