5	Accidentally found this place. We were totally on the way to the Thai place on the same plaza when Chez Monieux appeared. Cajun food? Hummmm... My friend said he had Thai but have not had Cajun and that sealed the deal. So, we go inside and place is totally empty. I mean no one is there. WOW What the?!? But no matter, we were quickly greeted and seated at the table of our picking. Chit-chat with the guy and turns out they are like super new. Just opened up and not many people even know about them, and today supposedly weirdly slow anyhow. Ok cool, better for us!!We order up 2 platters and it shows up real quick. They even split it for us as we asked, so we can easily try each other orders. And try we did! It was GOOD! I mean, really REALLY good stuff. And it was lots of it. Did i mention it was good? In fact, my buddy could not stop eating it even though her kept on saying -"I can not stuff anything else in!" But its simply too hard to pull yourself from it.I do not give rave reviews very often, but this is totally one of them. You should absolutely check it out, its worth it. Yes, it might be in the little plaza next to the freeway and ambiance might be all but non-existent. But who cares?!? Go for food. You will not be disappointed!PS: Went there a little while ago again with thy wife. She liked it as well. They now have full bar and about 6 beers on tap, including one from New Orleans (Raspberry one, real refreshing.)"I like""Very nice"
5	I came to this place because of the new review. I just love to try new places and when I said Cajun, my partner said "Let's go!" We had a really hard time finding this place, but I'm sure it's because we aren't as familiar with that part of the city. The location is difficult to see from the road and the place was vacant at the dinner hour.  If this new business doesn't last it sure won't be because of the food, the service or the price. So I'm glad to Yelp and encourage people to find it. What do you know, my first 5 star food review!We ordered Fried Calamari and hush-puppies for appetizers. I couldn't seduce anyone into trying the frog legs, maybe I'll get braver next time. Our appetizer was crispy, quick, yummy and fresh! Then we ordered a gigantic bowl of Jambalaya, another of Seafood Gumbo, one kid-size Catfish Strips and hush-puppies basket and three drinks. The large bowl of Andouille sausage based Jambalaya was divinely balanced with rice and celery and chicken and my partner loved it. Would eat it every day if we lived closer. The Seafood Gumbo was chock full of flavor, chunks of seafood, tender juicy shrimp, a very yummy, thick savory broth.  Neither dish was overpowered by some hot spice we couldn't handle. The chef made sure you were tasting the dish instead of begging for water. After eating half of each we got this wild idea of blending them both together in one bowl. OMG, that was an ultimate flavor sensation! I highly recommend it. My daughter munched on her catfish strips and hush puppies happily and even dunked into the roumelade she normally avoids. She didn't finish because she ate too much appetizer. I couldn't fault her there, the Calamari had just come in that morning. We packed a bit up to take home, but we couldn't avoid a slice of Pecan Pie. I liked the pie a lot, my partner prefers theirs sweeter. I wonder if I can buy a whole pie there? hmmm I forgot to ask.Oh! The Service was spot on, I never wondered about my drink refills, every time I looked they were full, she was super nice, the chef came out and chatted too. They've been open about a month and it's been slow. They have their liquor license and everything, nice little patio around the outside, yellow walls, and tiled floor. Nice, clean place, very friendly. I really hope they get some traffic in that location though. The bill was $44 for everything we bought and was worth it. I wish they were closer to home and we'd make them a regular stop. Their name says it all Chez Monieux if you don't try them out!
5	Authetic, warm, delicious soul food! 5/5If you are craving for some hearty cajun soul food, Chez Monieux is the place you NEED to go! J and I went there on Saturday for an early dinner. We were very impressed by the quality of the food and service there! J ordered a bowl of Jambalaya.. It was SO delicious.. I had a huge bowl of Gramps' seafood gumbo.. It had shripm, crawfish, crab meat, onions, celery, bell pepper, hard boiled eggs, and okra served with rice for only $8.95! Really... I finished it in a second. Couldn't stop eating... J and I also shared the fried crawfish as appetizer.. Our meal came with a side of potato salad. That was amazing too! We were so fulled at the end of the meal...  We will definitely go back again. This place rocks! It is a rare gem in the city especially for cajun food.
4	I checked this place out based on reviews on Yelp. My husband is orginally from Louisiana so he is always looking to get some food from home. Upon entering we were greeted right away and told to sit where ever we liked. I was pleased they had Abita Purple Haze on tap. Abita is a beer brewed in Louisiana. Right away, off to a good start.We ordered the boudin balls as an app and they were very delicious. For our entrees I ordered the fried green tomato po boy and my husband ordered the crawfish etoufee. Everything was very good. I will definitely go back. The owner (at least I think he was the owner) talked with us and was a real friendly guy.I really hope this place does well. It is in kind of a bad spot. Unless you know it's there you would probably just pass it up.
2	For all of you who wanted to try this place (I did)...We went there tonight and it was closed (Sunday) Just FYI, it says 7 days a week open 10-10 on their website...Just FYI...there for I will give it two stars for not being open and wasting my gas....
4	A star for the cute name.A star for the cozy, funky atmosphere.A star for the friendly service.And one for the food.Overall, a great place!My husband and I came to Chez Monieux last week. When we arrived there were a few other tables occupied, but we were told to grab a seat whereever we wanted.For appetizers, I ordered the jalepeno hush puppies and my husband ordered the boudin balls. It took a while for them to arrive, but when they did, they were tasty - though I'm sure they weren't healthy!Our entrees were the vegan gumbo (for me) and the seafood gumbo (for him). My vegan dish came with a really yummy side of potato salad, too. Our dishes were well made and tasty. I was a little disappointed that, unlike the menu said, there wasn't any okra or seitan-sausage in mine, just the fake chicken. But it still tasted good.As soon as our food came out, the chef came to our table and apologized, profusely, for the wait. We hadn't really thought much of it, as we were enjoying our conversation, but I thought it was really nice of him to come and apologize!For dessert, we split a caramel-lava cake, which was delicious.And our whole bill, including a beer and a coke, only came to $32!We'll definitely come back, hopefully when I can try the fried green tomato po' boy!
5	Hung out with Eugene on an UYE from the talk thread. We again visited an empty Chez Monieux. People!! Get your butts in the seats. Ask for some Purple Haze one of the refreshing beers they have and hunker down for some New Orleans chow. I got some wonderful calamari, not overly greasy despite being deep fried and the rings weren't strings they were tubes. Eugene got a fried Tomato salad. We ate Etouffe and a Mama's Bowl. We all had pecan pie. Wish we lived closer, it's very tasty. I was too full to get jalepeno hush puppies, but now that I'm writing this update I want some. They are closed on Sunday's and if people don't come... well I'd hate to see them close more.
5	Best Gumbo I have ever had.  Period.I went here after reading about it here on Yelp.  Being a fan of Cajun food I was excited to try this place and am so glad I did.  This place jumped into my frequent visit rotation after the first bite.  Heaven in a bowl. Service was very good and friendly.  They were very accommodating given the fact I don't eat gluten or dairy and the chef's had no problem identifying items which I could eat.  I attribute this to the fact the food is all homemade and definitely not from a can!  I had the Seafood Gumbo and a side of Dirty Rice instead of the potato salad.  The gumbo was packed with seafood, perfectly seasoned, and the rice.... oh man, the rice was so good (rice inside the gumbo).  I literally couldn't stop eating... like physically was unable to put my spoon down.I've eaten a fair amount of Cajun food from stalls at a farmer's market in Los Angeles, to high end reservation only spots and this place has them all beat.  Do yourself a favor and try this place, you won't be disappointed!  One word of advice... don't bother with the baskets.  Like the fried shrimp, or blackened chicken... you can get that stuff anywhere... try one of their special dishes.The place was relatively empty in the middle of a Friday afternoon, which is a shame because this place should be PACKED.  It is kind of hard to find, and I didn't really even see a sign outside, and they've only been open for a couple of months... spread the word.
5	Well, i just have nothing bad to say about this place at all... The food was great (I'm picky about my jambalaya - and it was very good!) The pecan pie and calamari are also awesome! My boyfriend's from New orleans and is very familiar with Creole and Cajun. He was impressed! The restaurant is in a very hidden corner of Baseline and the 101 so it's not easy to see, but if you want to treat yourself with some good New Orleans fare, FIND IT! And have the Gumbo!
2	Very disappointed!!I picked this place because of the reviews that I've read here.  I feel compelled to give my 2 cents worth.We started out with jalapeno hushpuppies along with their remoulade.  The pups were very tasty (good start).For our main course, we ordered the fried green tomato salad to share, my wife ordered the gumbo with a side of fried okra, and I ordered the fried catfish with double okra on the side.The lag time between our pups and meal was LONG......outrageously long.  When they finally brought our meal, my wife didn't get her okra.  They explained that it would take a few more minutes.  Keep in mind, my plate had okra so I guess they must have forgot about hers.  It was no less than 10 minutes before they brought hers out.  When we finally received our meal the bartender apologized for the wait and explained that everything they have is fresh breaded and not frozen which is why it takes longer.  I can understand how fresh breaded takes longer but you should find a way to do it faster or take it off the menu if it's going to logjam your kitchen.All this being said, even after the wait, if the food was good I would be writing a positive review right now.  The problem is, the food was just so so.  The okra had NO flavor and was not fully cooked to a nice crisp crust.  My catfish flavor was ok but the breading was pretty thick.  My wife's gumbo was a little bland....almost like the roux was a little weak. I really wanted to like this place.  After our first experience, I won't likely go back.
2	I'm always hunting for a good Cajun food place. After hearing about Chez Monieux, my Louisiana-raised GF, our Louisiana-native friend, and myself road-tripped across town to check it out.It's true, it is difficult to find. But once we tracked it down, we did appreciate the French Quarter-like wrought iron exterior. We settled down inside, and ordered up some beer and grub.Sadly, we were pretty unimpressed. Everything really lacked spice and flavor. The fried items were utterly caked in a thick doughy batter. Service was really slow.Ah well. The search continues. However, I give them an extra star for the cute name.
2	After my great experience at this place, I decided a "big ass bowl of gumbo" was just what I needed after work.  This time around the portion was literally about 1/2 what it was my first time and the taste was nowhere near as good as it was before.  Sad because it was SO good the first time around.  Judging by the most recent reviews of this place it looks like they're experiencing consistency issues.  I'll try it again for best 2 out of 3.
5	Thanks to Yelp, my BFF found this place by typing "vegan".  I'm so glad she did, it was VERY GOOD!While we were ordering our drinks, Turbo Dog for me and Purple Haze for my cohort, the obviously Louisiana-born chef came out and asked if we had ever been there before.  I'm glad he did, because my friend is a pretty hard-core vegan and she wanted to know all of the details.  Stinky's Vegan Gumbo is not automatically vegan.  The veggie chicken isn't but the veggie sausage is, and the side of potato salad isn't, but they can substitute black-eyed peas which are. So she ordered the Stinky Gumbo without chicken, and substituted black-eyed peas for the side, which normally costs $1 extra, but the chef said we could do it, so the waitress waived the extra fee.Whew!  It was a bit of work, but my friend was very happy to get exactly what she was expecting, and the chef was incredibly knowledgeable and courteous about her questions.  Apparently he was vegan for a bunch of years, vegetarian for a bunch more, and now just has the occasional meat to check out the quality in the restaurant. Perfect!  He even mentioned that he was trying to find a source for vegan chicken so that eventually there would be no substitutions necessary.In our group we additionally ordered the seafood gumbo, chicken and sausage gumbo, chicken fricasee and hush puppies.  I'm no expert on what is authentic Cajun cuisine, but I do know what I like, and I liked my food a lot.  Everyone else in the group was equally pleased with their dishes.My big bowl of chicken and sausage gumbo (which I've never had before) was full of chicken, andouille sausage and okra in a spicy soup base with rice.  The okra wasn't even slightly slimy, which was what I was expecting after years of hearing about this much maligned vegetable.  The black-eyed peas were equally spiced and delicious.  My husbands fricasee was a chicken and potato stew with rice and had a slower, but equally significant amount of heat.  There was a poker tournament going on, so we were really the only diners at the time.  I'm sure that accounts for the level of attention we received from the chef, but it was definitely appreciated.  He came out after we had a chance to sample our meals to make sure that we were happy, and we were.  He also let us know about other social events that he would bring to the location: a variety of bands from metal to country as well as poker tournaments and the like.The beer was awesome too.  The two brews that my cohort ordered, TurboDog and Purple Haze are both made in Louisiana.  TurboDog is frighteningly dark-looking, without the heavy dark beer taste, think Amberbock if it was actually a good beer.  The Purple Haze is a lighter beer with a slightly peculiar aftertaste, but I only had a sip so I'm not sure what a whole glass would taste like.The menu contained 3-4 other entrees that I would love to go back and try.  I can't wait to go back!
2	Lunch with my niece early Sunday.  We started with the fried crawfish, they were good.  I had the fried green tomato poboy, a real disappointment.  The mustard completely overpowered the sandwich. The worst was the processed American cheese stuff.     It wasn't called out on the menu.  My niece had a pasta dish.  Neither of us were impressed.  I may  go back to try the veggie gumbo.
5	Ok, so I promised I would return one last time for Gumbo after my previous bad experience.  All I can say is HOT DAMN their gumbo is good.  It's back to all it's glory.  After a little chat with the manager he revealed they were having consistency issues but those issues have all been resolved, and he was right.  I might even say their gumbo was better than my first experience and the dirty rice was perfect.  I ate a huge bowl of gumbo and a huge bowl of rice, was so stuffed and uncomfortable I contemplated missing class.... yet I still wanted to eat more.I also found out they won "Best Gumbo 2008" in some All Cajun Cookoff or something, basically all Cajun joints in Arizona.  Give this place a shot, or another shot if you were there and disappointed.... they were obviously experiencing growing pains and issues with their recipes that have been corrected now.
2	What a strange experience. My sister and I trekked over here for lunch one day, after she had heard good things about it. I wish they had been true. The place looks like bar. It is a bar, but I expected it to be a little more cozy considering the emphasis they place on the food. Ah well. We ordered a fried chicken sandwich, a fried green tomato sandwich, and tater tots to share. The sandwiches came out with nothing but the cheese on them- no lettuce, tomato, mayo, mustard, etc.- and we reread the menu thinking that we had misinterpreted what a sandwich consisted of here. We were right- the usual sandwich ingredients had been left off. The tater tots were good, but it would take special talent to screw those up.The server/bartender didn't bother coming back to check on us until we were just about done eating the mediocre food. When he did, I mentioned that the sandwiches were lacking the lettuce and tomato, and he called the cook out. The cook, who looked about 17 and stoned, seemed shocked that he could have forgotten to finish the sandwiches, and asked if we wanted some lettuce. We told him thanks but no thanks, considering we were finished eating. He insisted, offering to bring us a bowl of lettuce. WTF? The server was nice enough to offer a small discount for the mess-up, but it was all a bit strange and I don't think I'll be going back.
3	on recommendation i ordered the Mama's chicken n' sausage gumbo.  this is the dish that won at the Cajun Cook-Off.  very tasty.hush puppies were so crispy crunchy........very different than Long John Silver's puppies.tots had a lil xtra spice which was welcome.  whatever aioli they serve the pups and tots with is friggin awesome.  i could eat that  on everything...... really..... i mean ev vvvv rything!i think everyone should give this place a try.......  really!like Arnold says: I will b back!
3	Having a husband from Cajun country (Lafayette), we decided to give Chez Monieux a try. Hubby ordered catfish with okra and hush puppies. I had the red beans and rice. We also ordered a side of dirty rice. After a little wait (reasonable for the food), our food was served. Catfish was nicely breaded, non-greasy, and well-cooked. Okra was lightly breaded, more lightly than most places, but quite good. Hubby didn't let me try the hush puppies, so they must have been excellent! As for the red beans and rice, they came on a GIANT flat plate, with a large amount of beans, a fair amount of sausage, and a somewhat small serving of rice, plopped next to the side of the beans. Now, I'm no Cajun, but this is not how red beans and rice should be served. The rice should be on the bottom, and the beans should go on top... That being said, the taste of the beans was decent (although not as mushy as red beans normally are), and the sausage quite good, so I wasn't too disappointed given that this is Cajun food in Arizona.Finally, the dirty rice... Well, let's just say, this isn't the dirty rice we expected. It was white rice with red and green peppers. Dirty rice is called dirty because it has pieces of chicken liver or giblets in it. I know that sounds a bit gross, but it's authentic and really tasty! So, skip the dirty rice at Chez Monieux .Chez Monieux's service was very friendly, and everything looked clean enough (though somewhat spartan). I think it would be more lively on a night when they have live music (we actually sat on the stage). Anyway, I'll give them another try with friends, and this time I'll order the catfish!
4	We absolutely love this place! When we get out for date night, this is where we go. The waitstaff are great and the food is delicious. I always have a hard time deciding what to get because we love it all....from the fried okra to the jambalaya...If you're in the area this place is definitely worth checking out.
5	Our first time there -- what can I say, a great experience!We got there about 15 minutes before happy hour ended, so we ordered appetizers (fried crawfish and boudin balls). The crawfish was nicely breaded and crisp and not greasy. The boudin balls were crisp on the outside and hot (temperature) and tasty on the inside. Mmmm! The dipping sauces were flavorful. The four of us finished them off pretty quickly.For dinner, we ordered crawfish ettouffe, jambalaya and Gramp's seafood gumbo (the big-ass bowl!) The ettouffe was perfect -- very flavorful. So was the jambalaya and the gumbo. The vegetables in the gumbo and jambalaya were fresh, cooked specially for our order.For dessert, we split a peach cobbler. Mmmm -- just right! The peach flavor and the spices (maybe cinnamon, a hint of clove, and who know what else... Folks, this is hands down the best peach cobbler I have had the pleasure of eating.As a bonus, the Hurricajuns (http://www.myspace.com/hurricajuns) were playing some great Cajun music. On our way out, I chatted with one of the band members -- he said they were auditioning -- I hope they get invited back! -- I know my wife and I will be keeping our eye out for them!
5	So I think that I have a tie between my opinion of best Cajun/Creole food in AZ and its between Chez Monieux and Baby Kay's in Phoenix. This place had awesome Boudin balls for appetizers. I love boudin so much! When I lived in Louisiana I ate boudin like it was going out of style. The way I test good Cajun joints is by getting my favorite dish, Crawfish Etouffee and this place has it RIGHT! It was amazing! Go check this place out if you want some authentic cajun food.
1	Don't bother, the owner fired the cook and staff and brought in new people. This place is doomed.
4	Sad... This place was good but now it is gone forever. Now where am I going to get my purple haze fix?
