4	What a great little place right off carson.The food has always been good, especially the roasted red pepper soup when they have it.  If they do GET IT.I am partial to their ruben sandwiches.The staff are really friendly.  I've been here a lot and never had a bad experience.
4	After driving around for an hour trying to find a place to eat on a warm Saturday evening a month ago, my friends and I stopped in here to eat a great meal.  It was just about full, but our party of four was able to get a table in the back room after a ten minute wait.  No problem, we saddled (I'm not sure if this is the right use of the word saddled, but it sounds right to me) up to the bar and had a drink.For dinner, I ordered a cinnomon chicken dish that was stuffed with some sort of cheese I think.  I was skeptical ordering it, because I thought it would be too sweet.  Our server said it wouldn't be too sweet, she had recently tasted it.  The meal also came with a salad and side.  I realized when I was ordering, that this was my first "proper" dinner in quite some time.  Salad was the house garden variety.The chicken ended up being quite the interesting (in a good way) meal.  The cinnamon was subtle, not to overbearing at all.  The potatoes I got were done well.The place itself is slightly cluttered, but feel authentic.  This place isn't trying to be anything that it isn't.  The service was spot on, and overall it was a great meal.
4	This was a very pleasant surprise.  I've walked or driven by this restaurant probably over 100 times and always thought to stop in, but never quite got around to it.  This oversight was remedied last night upon serendipitously discovering a $14 buy one get one entree in the "entertainment" book.  You've probably noticed the restaurant as well if you spend any time in the s. side.  It's located across the street, somewhat caddy corner to Nakama.  The parking in the south side is always pretty horrible even on weekdays that's why it's so nice that the Nakama valet also parks for this restaurant (incidentally, the valet fee just went up to $7 from $5).  It is in one of the great old buildings in the historic south side.  Think "Dish", but a little bigger with a larger bar area and more tables.  The ceilings are high.  There is plenty of wood.  There's a relatively large bar compared to the number of tables.  In the entrance room there are maybe 5 or 6 tables and then in the back there are another small group of 4 or 5 tables.  We were greeted quickly upon entering and then directed to the back room.  The server, Lisa I believe initially was going to seat us right next to the swinging door to the kitchen.  Thankfully, she wasn't opposed to our wish to sit in the front room that had more space.  I ordered a ketel, dirty and Annie had a glass of zin.  I don't think they had any bottles over $30 for wine.  However, the ketel was a bit steep at $10.  The menu is relatively large having most of the Italian staples you'd be used to with a few more creative dishes.  This makes this restaurant especially appealing given Annie's tame palate and my more adventurous one.  We started with an order of the "roasted Sicilian sausage" which was delicious.  We are off to a good start.  It was very flavorful bite size sausage roasted and then tossed with a lovely olive oil mixture of onions, yellow, green and red peppers.  It was also served atop a homemade provolone stick, which they said they can make as an order even though they don't put it on the menu.  As an entree Annie ordered the thin spaghetti with an Alfred sauce and added chicken.  The server said it was no problem to have the Alfredo without garlic which means they make it fresh.  The entrees are served with toasted bread and butter and a salad (no soup substitutions) and a side.  The pasta was pretty good.  I mean, who doesn't like cream, butter and cheese with chicken?  Annie also tried the wedding soup which was somewhat bland.  I settled on salmon.  I wanted to try the crispy salmon that's on their website, but it wasn't on the menu.  I had the "horseradish encrusted salmon".  The serving was quite large, over 8 oz. I'd guess and the salmon was cooked perfectly.  I was worried about the horseradish being too hot, but sadly really couldn't taste any bite at all.  The chef was also a little heavy handed with the breading.  The side of sour cream mashed potatoes was delicious.  The sour cream gave it an almost "light" contrast.  All in all this was a very nice evening and a pretty good value.  The dinner including three drinks, appetizers and entrees' was much less than $100 including tip and in conjunction with the entertainment coupon.  Also, the server gave us some type of frequent visitor card that entitles you to a free app' I think for every $100 you spend.  If I were just to judge this place by the food and service I'd probably only give it 3 stars, but the atmosphere and value component bump it up to 4 stars.  We'll be back.
2	I've only been here once and according to my friend, when he was here earlier in the year it was waaaaaaay better but I found the food very bland and warm, friendly service and cute atmosphere couldn't make up for it. We tried the crab and artichoke dip and for dinner, inspired by Kitchen Confidential, I had one of their specials, a flounder filet with polenta. I'm usually expecting polenta to be this creamy, mushy puddle of heaven but here it was more like a quiche. So there was the flounder and a slice of polenta on their opposite sides of a plate, they didn't seem to go together. I wonder if it has anything to do with skipping out on the salsa that was supposed to go on top of the fish but I can't see how some chopped tomatoes would've made this any better. The dip was also plain and largely unmemorable. I did like the decor and the format, they have a smaller, quieter back room with just a few tables and a nice-looking, dark bar and more seating in the front. It's really romantic and I wish the food was tastier.
3	Food was good, service sucked.  We wanted to eat outside as it was a beautiful evening.  17th Street Cafe looked like a nice place, off the main drag of Carson St.  We were sat, then waited, and waited, and waited.  Finally someone came out and apologized.  After they took our order, bread and drinks were brought out quickly.  The manager came out and also said sorry.  Dinner came out quickly too.  We both got pasta dishes.  They were fine.  We got free deserts.  They were both excellent.  Then we asked for the check.  We waited, and waited, and waited.  We almost just left, but I went in and got someone.  As long as they don't forget about you, this is a good place to have a nice meal on Southside.
4	I've been here several times, and about 75% of the time, the food has been fantastic. Other times is has been average, which always to turn out to be slightly more disappointing when you are expecting something great. The menu changes around occasionally. I've had two different chicken dishes that involve cinnamon.. Both great. Pasta dishes tend to be average, and meat dishes are a 50/50 on how well they are prepared. The fried zucchini planks appetizer is almost always perfectly made, but the portion is large, so I recommend sharing it with at least two people... Otherwise the taste of "fried" just gets too be too much and may ruin appetites.There is probably something here that virtually everyone would like, so it's a good crowd-pleasing/first date place. The desserts are indeed delicious, but the dinner portions might leave you very full and with a doggie bag.I would not suggest going here too late/close to kitchen-closing time. The food tends to be not as hot, since they probably make it quickly and leave it warming until you are ready for it.
2	First, the good.  The service is terrific; very friendly, eager staff -- including the guy refilling our water -- who all seem to care deeply about patrons having a good experience.  I just wish the food had been as good.  We started with the roasted sausage appetizer.  If the sausage was roasted, it was then sliced and sauteed in a fry pan.  Not a big complaint, but imagine paying $10 for about six pieces of nickel-sized sausage, each about 1/4 inch thick surrounded by onions, peppers over a piece of breaded, deep-fried cheese.  Not awful, but for $10?!?!?!?  $4 maybe.The salad greens were a bit limp and several of my pieces were brown.  The bread was bland "white bread" shaped like a baguette.   What startled me, though, were the individual packets of Land o' Lakes butter pads.   Honestly?  Fast-food butter in an "upscale" cafe?My wife ordered Chicken and Prosciutto with Pasta.  If you're going to list an ingredient in the title, it should be featured in the dish.  There maybe a dozen very small pieces -- the diameter of a pencil eraser -- in the sauce.  So it was essentially chicken and penne pasta with a "flavoring" of prosciutto.  I had the Chicken and Shrimp over angel hair pasta.  Decent, but only three shrimp in the dish.  $27.00.  Pul-leeze.  I'm not a cheapskate.  I spend good money at a number of high-end restaurants in Pittsburgh (check out my other reviews).  This just seemed WAY too much for what the food we received.  At least my Johnnie Walker Black was only $8.50.  I expected to pay more for that!Disappointed.   I was really hoping to find a good spot for dinner on the South Side.  I need to try Gypsy Cafe next...
4	I have always been hesitant to go here because of those ominous $$$ staring at me, judging at me.  But my friends were in town so we decided to go to a nice dinner and live it up! The ambiance is so pleasant. Nice but not pretentious and stuffy. Cozy and intimate with a good level of noise so I didn't feel ridiculous after that 3rd glass of wine (I get loud, and I have loud friends). I hate when I go to restaurants and I feel like I'm in church. Drinks: Gave our table a complimentary taste of a new Creamsicle cocktail (OJ, pineapple, and whipped cream vodka). It was sweet but good, dangerously good. I was feeling like a girl so I got a cosmo and my friends got margaritas (up and on the rocks). Solid cocktails. 1 bottle of Pinot Grigio. Food: We started w/Fried Zucchini(apparently its a Pittsburgh thing to have planks of Zucchini because my friends were surprised)- Delish. My friends got pasta dishes that came with salads as well. I was filling up on drinks so I just got the crab app. Everything was awesome tho! Price: We got 3 cocktails, 1 bottle of wine, 2 apps, 2 dinners with salads. It broke down to $38 per person (3 people). Not terrible at all. SERVICE: PERFECT! Not overbearing but attentive.  Personally, I love when the owners are the servers it gives the place a quaint feel. We chatted about the Soup Contest. AWESOME SERVICE! Definitely will go back again! Pros: Service, drink list, ambiance, Delicious foodCons: No reservations, parking
5	I frequent this restaurant quite often and take many clients here for lunch. The owner and staff are very very friendly and do everything to make you feel welcome. Whenever I take a client here, their first reaction is, what a great little bistro. I enjoy the specials as the chef if always trying something new and am never disappointed. The ingredients are higher quality and proportions are reasonable (if your looking for over sized plates and too much food go elsewhere, the focus here is on quality not quantity. The Tomato Basil soup is excellent and the sandwiches are filling and taste great, my personal favorite is the Reuben. Italian dishes are exceptional, salads always please my clients and the atmosphere and staff are very warm and friendly. I also like that the chef makes a point to stop by and introduce himself and ask how everything is to your liking. This restaurant is the way more restaurants should be, personal attention, great food, and friendly service!
2	Everything that Dish Osteria & Bar is, 17th Street Cafe is not. They're both small neighborhood Italian joints located a block off Carson Street, and two blocks away from each other, but that's where the similarities end. While Dish is swanky, hip and cool, 17th Street Cafe feels stuffy and outdated. While Dish's food is light and flavorful, 17th Street Cafe's is overworked and greasy. While the clientele at Dish is young and attractive, 17th Street Cafe appears to host retirement home social outings around the clock. I want to love 17th Street, I really do. It's charming from the outside, and al fresco dining is available in the summer, an option that Dish does not offer. However, at the prices they charge, the food and service at 17th Street should be better, period. The food isn't terrible, it's just mediocre, and consistently over-buttered and over-sauced. The service isn't terrible either, just slightly subpar, but enough to feel irksome considering the high quality restaurant the Cafe purports itself to be. Perhaps located in another area, without such stiff competition so close by, 17th Street Cafe wouldn't appear so lacking. But given the choice between eating at 17th Street Cafe and Dish, I'll choose Dish every time.
4	Went here for dinner recently before a show at the Rex. Great convenient location right off Carson. From the outside looks nice and cozy and inviting and inside was welcoming as well. If you are in the front room (probably about 7 tables for couples) this is really nice but I don't think I would be too excited in the back room as it was pretty dark. Service was attentive, menus were nice (on IPADs no less), and noise was just right. The draft beers were great and normal restaurant priced, the salads were excellent, and the bread was good. The entrees (both of us ordered pasta specials) were mixed - I loved mine and found it very well presented and flavored with a perfect portion. My wife's was very skimpy, looked like it came out of a can, and was okay tasting.I guess my main issue is the price. Of $25 pasta dishes, I just expect more.  That said, if I had another event in the area, I would give it another shot.
2	Let me start with the good - the "pillows" were fantastic (definitely get these if you go here). The salad dressing was tasty. The waitress was very nice.Now, the not-so-good. The tables were crammed in so close that my companion and I were distinctly uncomfortable. I could not get in to my seat (against the wall) without standing on my toes and squeezing through the space between tables (I am an average sized woman). The woman sitting next to me got up to use the restroom during the meal, and her butt almost touched my food, that's how close and small the tables were. We were crammed in so tightly that my companion and I were reluctant to have our own conversation for fear of interrupting those around us. The bread was a baguette that tasted like it came in a can. My companion's sausage and pepper ravioli was, he said, awful. There was not enough sweet to counteract the spicy, and he said it was drenched in some kind of sausage gravy that ruined the texture of the rest of the dish. My dish, the chicken and asiago pillows, was actually pretty good. It was very rich and the chicken was done just right. Our dessert, an apple strudel, was alright, though I think I could have gotten a better (and cheaper) one at any local bakery. The check was extremely slow in coming. The people next to us waited over a half hour for their check to be brought. (The guy was sitting there with his credit card out the whole time.) They almost left without paying because it was taking so long (trust me, I could hear their entire conversation.) And then they waited another 20-30 minutes to get the card back. Ours didn't take that long, but probably only because of the very obvious displeasure of the people right next to us. The worst part? How EXPENSIVE it is. If this meal had cost $30, it would have been passable. It was nearly twice that much. For a place so cramped and expensive, the food was just simply not worth it.
5	We took a large group and everyone loved it.  The food was excellent and the service was even better!
4	My PIC (Partner In Cuisine) and I decided to finally use a Groupon we had purchased a while ago this past Saturday.  Normally, we would never really try an Italian restaurant (especially one at this price point) because quite frankly, it's very easy for me to cook a quality pasta dinner at home.  However, as I said we had a Groupon I didn't want to see go to waste. The staff was extremely friendly and attentive, the atmosphere was very laid back and relaxed yet professional, and the food was damn tasty (the house salad dressing is delicious) but I'm not entirely sure those things made up for the fact that in my opinion, it was way overpriced.  In the end it was spaghetti.  The PIC will definitely benefit from the pasta combination ideas I can apply at home.
3	At the request of a friend, I decided to try 17th St. Cafe for lunch today. I've been to 17th St. for dinner a few times but never considered it for lunch due to the prices. However, my friend mentioned that the prices are very reasonable for lunch and the menu offers a large selection of salads, sandwiches and entrees. She was correct. The menu had a large selection all priced between $8-12. But, the drinks were overly priced. My lemonade was $3 with refills costing more. That was almost half my entree! The drink prices seem more in line with their dinner prices.  When we arrived the restaurant was about half full and we were seated immediately. Our waitor looked a little frazzled and overwhlemed but the more experienced waitress helped out as needed to ensure we had a good dining experience. I ordered the daily burger and a lemonade. The burger was juicy and flavorful. My only criticism is that it came out without bacon. This was disappointing as it was stated to have bacon and cheese when the specials were told to us. I was in too much of a hurry to send it back. My friend also enjoyed her chicken entree and the chef easily accomodated her request to sub grilled veggies for her pasta. When all was said and done we were in and out within fourty five minutes. Not a bad place to go for a sit down lunch. However, avoid ordering the iced tea or lemonade as you will pay $3 for a glass with mostly ice.
3	I think I've eaten here more than any restaurant in Pittsburgh. Maybe because its right by my house, but probably because I can always count on them to give me a good experience. The staff does a great job of making you feel at home. Pair that with their loyalty rewards and email specials, and you'll find its hard to forget about this place. The food is unassuming and tastes homemade. The martinis are inventive.
4	Hadn't been here for years and used a Groupon a few days ago.  The food is all very well prepared and very affordable.
5	Favorite, favorite, FAVORITE place to eat in Pittsburgh, hands down!
1	HORRIBLE TREATMENT.  After having been a very frequent customer, we went to the cafe around 4:30 on a Friday.  The food has always been priced a little high for the quality, but it is a local business and my boss is a local businessman.  He likes to dine other small businesses..  This past visit it was dead empty with the exception of staff.  It was my boss, his young-adult children and a fourteen month old baby and me.  We were seated and enjoying a little of wine, the most expensive bottle on their very limited and impressively unimpressive wine list.  What WAS outrageous was that the horrible way the owner treated us.  Out of nowhere, and I must remind you, we were the ONLY people in the restaurant, the owner came over and demanded we make the baby stop pounding on the table.  ...not my baby, and I'm one of those people who doesn't really like noisy kids, but I'm telling you, that was not the situation.  These were chubby baby hands on the table with a laughing baby...and who were we bothering?  We thought he was joking until we saw the look on his fat face.  My boss said "just pack our food to go". The owner turned around, not even out of earshot of our table and said "that a--hole wants is food to go.  Pack that sh-- up and get him the f--- out of here."Small wonder the place was empty.  Overpriced food, lousy wine selection and not even a friendly neighborhood atmosphere.  This is a NO GO.
1	Based on the great reviews, .I decided to give this place a shot.  MISTAKE.  My food was greasy and overwhelmed by salty sauce.  The salad was limp, damp and smelled like old hay.  Inedible.  Ridiculously expensive for what reminded me of a bad night at Stuckey's truck stop....And the seating was uncomfortable.  Tiny tables without room to get between them without dragging your shirt and rear end on the next guys table.  My friend had a cocktail that tasted like dish soap.  My wine was suggested by the waiter, apparently the restaurant sommelier had graduated from the "Walmart school of real good wines".  When I told the waiter that I was unhappy with my wine, they were happy to bring me another drink...it wasn't until I received the bill and spoke to them about it that they were really just happy to sell me another while leaving the wine on the check.  Avoid this bad food/expensive tab/bad service restaurant.
2	I took the advice of a friend and stuck with safe menu choices. Steak wasn't bad. Went back for lunch (Im staying two blocks away) and had very boring salmon and pasta.  Mediocre wine overpriced. Only bother to return at lunch cos it's too cold to walk further. Had stuffed cod....not bad, but tiny.Wish DISH were open for lunch.
3	Back in the day, the 17th Street Cafe was one of the better quaint places to go for a special occasion or nice date night.  However, on a recent visit, I had noticed that the restaurant wasn't as busy, the food was not as good, and the service was lacking.  With so many new trendy, upscale places popping up in and around Pittsburgh and so much competition for small, expensive restaurants, 17th Street Cafe needs to step up it's game (like add new dishes, retrain the kitchen staff, etc) or go the way of Cafe Allegra.
4	I used to frequent the 17th Street Cafe for one reason - the Scallops Rinaldo. It's the best scallop dish I've had, period. Then, some time ago, they took it off the menu to my dismay, so I stopped going. I found out that they brought it back to the menu, so I snatched a Groupon and headed straight off to have dinner there. The Scallops Rinaldo and duck dish my wife and I shared were both amazing. The house dressing on the salad was excellent. The dessert selection was interesting - they offered a cheesecake made with a crumbled brownie crust, a layer of Reese's Peanut Butter cup chunks, then cheesecake, and all of it topped in a smokey bacon and chocolate drizzle.... I had to try it out for curiosity's sake. It was oddly tasty - though I will say that the bacon was a bit too smokey tasting - I think more of a straight "salty bacon" flavor would have done better on that dessert. Regardless of my bacon preferences on desserts, I loved the entire meal. The staff were very prompt, friendly and accommodating. I love this place, the food and the service. If they could bring down the price point a bit I'd give them all 5 of the stars. :)
4	I've seen the sign for this restaurant for years and finally decided to pull the trigger and try this place.  It was like an oasis in the S Side, after the nightmare that was parking.The restaurant was busy but not packed and it is adorable inside--you have no idea unless you have dined here!  We sat in the back room which was very cozy albeit NOISY since we were right by the kitchen and the bathroom.The menu was a little pricer than we had anticipated but we were ok with that, and our service was FANTASTIC.  Our waitress could NOT have been any nicer, to the point i wanted to come back and hang out w her after our shift.We started w the hummus appetizer and I was disappointed bc I am a HUGE tahini fan, but my boyfriend HATES it and he proclaimed it the best hummus ever.  And ate the entire thing. You know what, this happens all the time, actually....I had the mediterranean asiago pillows and you know what..they were very good but i didn't love them.  I REALLY liked them though.  My boyfriend had the sausage and pepper ravioli and he let me try one which let to my trying to take over his entree and we ended up arguing over it bc we have no class.Lady and the tramp, but he's the lady and I'm a tramp.That is a sign of two things:  1) don't have us over for dinner, we cannot even handle it, and 2) this restaurant has GREAT food, I just ordered the wrong thing.I will definetly be back, the last time the had a groupon I bought one and I'm excited to put it to good use.  Something tells me I'm going to be ordering the sausage and pepper ravioli.
3	Good but not great. The food, service and atmosphere were all ok. Nothing stood out as either great or terrible.
4	I had a very good experience here - went on a sunday evening and got a lot of friendly attention from the waitstaff.  Our meal was excellent - from the freshly baked bread that was perfectly soft inside with a nice crust outside, to the salad which was spinach-based (much better than iceburg lettuce you get other places), to the wedding soup which had really delicious meatballs, and finally the entrees.  Both my wife and I had the asiago pillows and thought they were spectacular.   Prices may be a little high (except for the pillows which I thought were actually appropriately priced) for drinks and meat entrees, but overall it is someplace I'd definitely go back to.
5	The bread, appetizers, pillows, mojitos, dessert , service and ambiance was fabulous! Can't wait to go back!
4	The zuchini app and salads were above average and the service exceptional.  The back room was intimate, meaning it could be a slightly bigger for my taste. It sediment has a nice neighborhood restaurant feel without sacrificing on quality ingredients and a well prepared meal.
4	So very charming quite the intimate close atmosphere with a petite bar in the front and little seating. I came here on a Saturday evening with a date. After shooting for one of the hot shot newer joints and being told I could have a 1030 pm same day reservation or call two weeks in advance ( really). Quaint little gem tucked away on 17th I found one website which said no reservations so I made none. This was no problem because we were seated within one half hour of our drink at the bar. Parking was a large challenge though so be prepared to battle the backstreets and paid lots for that.I ordered the Sicilian pillows and added chicken, my date had the Mediterranean pillows this seems to be their signature dish. Yes they were a little oily but nothing terrible. If you're a world traveler looking for bold flavors you won't find them here .... You will find nicely seasoned Italian eats. The pillows were very soft and added a saltiness with the cheese that adds a smooth texture and nice flavor to the dish.  Our service was beyond exceptional, polite, knowledgable and detailed. I could not ask for more. The breads were complimentary to the cuisine served I had no complaints there. For desert we tried the cannoli my date said it was harder then his family makes but I liked it well enough. The negative reviews here do not really do it justice I think people were looking for something to pick apart so they did. This is probably not a good place to bring children, your family pet or your imaginary friend from the second grade. The quarters are a little too intimate for that.
4	My grandmother adores this place. So every time she wants to go out to eat we end up meeting here. I cannot complain about any of the food that I've had here so far because it's quite tasty. It's a very small place so get comfortable. I've had only a little issue before with the service because the waitress was being a little snappy for some reason, but don't we all have those days. A little pricey.
