5	Looking for loving and trusting people to watch over your baby? Look no further cause Peace Garden Childcare is there! I wish I wouldve found them sooner. So jealous cause my hubby got a Fathers Day gift and I didnt. This is because I had my daughter in another day care which I immediately pulled her out. Anyways the facility is very clean, the instructors are all nice. For all of you that look at every little detail, YES they use gloves when they change and feed your little one. In the baby room, NO SHOES ALLOWED. I love that cause the other place I took her to didnt take off their shoes. I also need to add that they are very reasonable when it comes to tuition rates. I pay 190 a week for my baby and the BEST part is if I decided I only need to take my baby in for 3 days. I only pay for 3 days. NO MAS! Its awesome. Unlike other day cares you pay for the days you use. They do not accept checks for payments but accept CC and cash.
5	This is a great day care for my daughter. They have a pre-school curriculum where she is being prepared to enter Kindergarten next year. Unlike most daycare's if you are not going to be attending you don't need to pay for the days you don't use. The teachers are all very nice and they have parent/teacher conferences do you know how your child is doing.
5	My child loves this daycare.  The age ranges from infancy to 5 years old.  The child to teacher ratio is great and they keep the children well occupied.  They have a weekly curriculum posted, so you are aware of what your child is learning.  My son previously attended another daycare for 3 years, and the whole time that he was there, he cried when I left him, and was eager to leave when I picked him up.  Now my son looks forward to "going to school," and doesn't want to leave when it's time to go home.  Lunch is not provided, but organic snacks are available.  The location is wonderful for me, as I work across the street at Spring Valley Hospital.  There is ample parking, video cameras in each room, as well as a key pad on the main entrance.  Tuition is very reasonable, and although my child usually attends all 5 days, if one week he will only attend 4 days, that's all I have to pay for.  They accept cash and credit/debit only.  No checks.  I am very happy with this day care center.
5	Wonderful daycare. Director is on top of operations; teachers are so loving and wonderful. Our son started in the infant room and is now in the toddler room. I've never seen such dedicated caring people in a daycare setting. Top notch place!
2	I toured the facility yesterday and was really disappointed. The facility is very dirty, and I toured the toddler room and the floors did not appear clean (both the carpet and tile). Also there was not many toys or anything that might entertain the toddlers for a decent amount of time. The room was open, and they used baby gates (that were free standing, not fully attached to the wall) and I can see an accident waiting to happen there! There was also an adjacent room that was small (again with ONE large toy) and had couches like it was the staff lounge. I would not want the staff lounging around while watching my son... Lastly, the ladies showed me the toddler schedule and I only saw they change diapers twice a day? If my son is there about 9 hours I would expect at least 3 changes (every 3 hours?). Also they incorporate outside time, but it is so HOT outside I would not want my toddler outside for 45 minutes to an hour as the schedule specified. The gentleman at the front desk was nice, but seemed very uncomfortable giving me a tour. Had a bad feeling all around, not confident they would take good care of my toddler, and I DO NOT understand how they have such good reviews..
