4	A new addition to the already-busy Edinburgh bike shop scene, but it brings something unique - high end retro steel bikes that until now would have required a trip to London to find. Condor, Colnago, Singular ... some beautiful bikes here, making this shop stand out from the well-known places stocking the usual brands.The other selling point is the addition of a cafe. It's only small, selling tea, coffee and cakes, but it's really just an excuse to linger, flick through some classic bike books and mags and drool over the lovely bikes. They stock some clothing, but not a huge amount as yet. I hope they increase this section; most Edinburgh bike shops tend to have the same small range of brands so I'd like to find some new brands and styles beyond the usual bright yellow and black combos that you see everywhere. This is definitely the market that Ronde is aiming for, judging from the clothing they currently stock, so I hope to see more of that.At the very least it's worth dropping in for a coffee, taking a look at some of the vintage cycling memorabilia on the walls and just maybe realising that you need a new Condor bike after all.
5	Im a cyclist and visit Edinburgh atleast once a year because it the most beatiful city in Europe.Last trip ill walked by this shop towards visit stockbridge, and i was very impressed, coolest bike shop I visit, feeling can describes as a relly updated shop you find in N.Y or S.F...(but there is no shop as this in NY or S.F)Everything was so cool and clean, nice bike selection (Colnago, de rosa..) and also clothes(mavic, poc rapha)They also have a nice cafe in the store.Now I have been visit the store alot of times during the years and the shop is changing the brands especially in clothing, the follow the trends really well..I might think they can have a bigger selection of some parts for ex socks and cycle caps. (Always fun to buy...)A must to visit for a ciclist
3	ronde is mostly a funky bicycle shop with slick, smart and intelligently designed bicycles and bicycle gear. but it's also a cafe and art gallery.you can take a seat at one of handful of cute vintage 50s-ish tables and have coffee and sweet, cake type things.the space has been furnished and designed thoughtfully and contains lots of really nice goods that you'd like to take home. the coffee is well made by friendly people. soft milk, not too hot, rounded flavour. trusty partner very much enjoyed the espresso. my flat white was a wee bit weak but we'll be back.
5	Sexy bikes, art, good coffee, cake, friendly & knowledgeable staff, nice & relaxed cafe and they screen races. Another great independent store in Edinburgh. They also stock cool cycling gear and Rouleur magazine.
5	Not just for bike geeks this is a cafe that can stand on it's own two feet...This place could verge on hipster douchebag if it wasn't for the friendly attitude of the owner and staff, they have a breezy confidence in what they do but then so they should, date slice and quality espresso whilst perusing bike porn, can it get better? The invite to their screening of the bike race (Amstel Gold - for other geeks like me!) was sincere and I was dissapointed I couldn't make it! The art and machines on show means that the cyclist in your life will love it and the atmosphere and ambience means that those non cycling peeps can enjoy it too.
5	I was out with the Ronde road club on saturday morning for an early ride. It was a beautiful but very cold day. I was pleased to find some rather fetching leg warmers at a reasonable price (they were actually incredibly comfortable too). There is a changing room on site which is really helpful and the staff were good about finding me information etc. We set off and had an amazing ride then when we returned we had some coffee and cake. I got the opportunity to sample an amazing caramel and peanut butter brownie. Just WOWoWoWO It was ace. I also had several cappuccinos which were very nice. I really love the whole environment in there, but I also really like the way they have developed their shop with some nice touches.They have yellow "tester" saddles which can be taken for a week to test out whether you want to have that seat for your actual bike. This is really helpful as saddles are a really tough piece of kit of get right at the best of times. They also have a nice spread of the more modern and older style racing and commuting kit. Staff were friendly and chatty. What more could you want. I will be back!
4	As a pootle-around-town commuter and utility cyclist, this shop feels a bit out of my league. It sells seriously expensive Rapha gear that is well out of my budget, but the kit does look and feel well worth every penny. It's a "serious" cyclist's shop (and also for the hipster fixie gang), and I was a bit disappointed with the poor selection of women's gear - only one rail with three jackets and that was it. HOWEVER. If you're a cycle geek this is a lovely place to come and covet. The bikes look beautiful and the accessories and gear are great. On top of the shop, there's a section where you can sit down with a coffee or tea and munch on a cake or two. Which is really nice. I had a pot of breakfast tea and some kind of peanut butter and chocolate brownie thing that would take a half-day's ride to burn off, but man it was gorgeous. There was also a selection of print and artwork all featuring bicycles and so I couldn't leave without buying a print to hang on my wall. So all in all, I'd be really happy to come here, soak up the bike geekery and have a cuppa, but the gear is a bit out of the ball park for me.
4	Loved Ronde.Popped in for a browse and coffee. My Dad is a cyclist and I wanted to pick up something a bit extra for his birthday. I had already gotten a voucher for a local (to him) bike shop but came here and had kit envy. Great range of clothing and accessories and my Dad liked his thermal socks. Seriously high end kit and bikes though. If you want to pay several hundred quid for tyres, this is the place to come. Small range of women's clothing but what they had made me want to rush out and buy a bike and be a bike fashionista, roaming around the city. Cute range of cards for cyclists and some of the posters and art work was lovely.Stayed for coffee - great and ended up tempted by the soup (think it is by Union of Genius) as it was Ghanian chicken and peanut. Busy cafe with locals and cyclists popping in. Worth a visit and when the bike races are on, they show them in store. I'm sure I'll be popping in again.
