5	My boyfriend was severely injured at a casino downtown and was taken to UMC trauma for his injuries.  The doctor and nurses who attended to him were fabulous.  The doctor kept saying "I'm sorry this happened to you," and he explained everything he did during the medical procedure.  They helped put us at ease during a very stressful and scary situation.  While I was in the waiting room, a former patient came in to thank the doctors for working on him a year prior.  They also seemed very happy.    If I am ever injured in Vegas, I will demand to be taken to this location.
2	Okay so the trauma unit was amazing seriously amazing 28 staples in my head, broken neck, four different broken vertebrae, broken left arm, left collapsed lung, detached right ear, A copious amount of glass in my left eye...they put me back together again and save my life they said I would never walk again and I was paralyzed the first four days and days later I was doing stairs...but then I got an infection due to neglect from there after care not in the trauma department but when I was released from trauma into a different unit I then had to stay the hospital for 84 days and had to have four additional operations on top of one operation not only was I stuck there for 84 days of my life but I got MRSA and all my organs started to shut down and my kidneys from the failure and shock and I had to get blood transfusions thank God I'm alive but the neglect was despicable and atrocious that I received when I was released from trauma again the trauma team was miracle workers but the lazy ass nurses I actually have video footage on my phone and audio put it on my phone of me begging them to change my soaking wet bloody bandages on my neck and then refusing to and I had sores all over my behind from having to sit and a bedpan filled with cold urine because they wouldn't remove it....
5	This was the first time we had ever been to UMC trauma, we came in bc we were in a car accident. Shout outs too Peter & Oscar in the Trauma Department they were amazing. They were very attentive.We were their for about 2 hours at the most. All I can say is it was the fastest friendliest service ever. Keep up the good work gentleman!
