3	This is the closest wal-mart to where I live and since the Basha's acrossed the street from my house closed about 2 years ago, I have been coming here.  They have good prices, however, unless you come before 9pm you will have to put up with pallet cluttered aisles and a lot of empty shelves.
2	Wow is this place ghettooooo.I dislike Wal Mart to begin with but, man this place is bad. I went in there because someone gave me a give card to Wal Mart, and was going to use it on a gift for my father. They didn't have what I was looking for, which is really not that big of a deal. They helped me with finding it at the San Tan location (which is much nicer).But then ghetto happened, as I was walking out the door, three employees were standing there talking about a customer and dropping F bombs like it was nothing. Now I cuss like a sailor, but not in front of a customer for heavens sake.
3	Its walmart, what do you not know about walmart. Well, its a cheap way to buy things. Two things I'll say: 1) best place for glasses. Not Just cheap but trendy.  2) Worst place for furniture. I'm excited, I bought my first real oak bookcase there. I hope that trend continues because I'm sick of my particle board furniture falling  apart. Lesson learned. :)
2	Always shop here and abhor my trips more and more. People that shop here are bottom of the barrell hill billy trailer trash (on second thought, what does that say about me hmmm I hope not much?!)Truthfully, only come here for the cheap prices on laundry soap, beauty products and Frisky cat food cans. Their food selection is that of a barrio's tienda - think Food City. Also refuse to get rung up by cashiers, Wal-Mart really does stay true to their EOE hiring procedures. Cashiers are either 80 years old and suffering from paralysis or 20 years old with learning disabilities.... Now there's nothing wrong with that, but I can navigate through self check out in a fraction of the time.
2	I keep odd hours so sometimes I'm grocery shopping very late. This particular night, the only registers that were open was the self check out. I like the self check out when I have a few times. But when you have an entire cart load, that's not gonna work. There were others with full carts too. I had to ask to have a register opened and they opened another one...and they were nice about it...but .... Really?!  Self check out only?!?!  I almost just decided to leave my groceries!
3	All Walmarts are similar.  This one is no different than the countless others out there.  It's large, has plenty of cheap products, and is crazy busy.  I was at a friend's house on the other side of town and needed to buy more lawn chairs for his party.  He underestimated the number of people who attended his party....so, he asked me to run to Walmart to grab a few cheap chairs.  I found one for under $10....perfect, threw 10 of them in the back of his truck and headed back to his house.We were able to pull the truck up to the curb and load in front of the store.  The employees there were cool about it and watched our chairs for us while we pulled the truck around the parking lot to the front of the store.Overall, a pretty good experience.Return Factor - 60%
1	This location always seems to be out of stuff for weeks. Other locations don't seem to have that problem. I think it's just poorly managed. If you can, go to another location.
1	Rude, rude, rude employees. I saw a lane open and the cashier was standing at the beginning of the isle, when I pushed my cart that way she turned her back to me blocking me from entering. I said excuse me is this lane open. She turned and looked at me like I was interfering with her day dream. Then said yes. She went behind the register and I started to unload stuff. She asked if I had coupons, I said yes and continued to unload. When I saw she wasn't ringing anything up, just standing there I stopped and faced her she said I have to have the coupon before I can start. I have never heard of that before but gave her the coupon. She then started to ring up things, very slow looking over everything like she was shopping. I just waited patiently. She never once smiled or offered a hello, have a nice day, nothing. Even when I said hello she said nothing, at the end I said have a nice day but still nothing from her but blank stare. I will never go back to this Walmart.
1	I had a horrible experience with two extremely homophobic employees making fun of my son because he was dressed as a cat for Halloween. They made comments saying it was 'gay' and 'just wrong' for me to have bought him such a feminine costume. Absolutely repulsed by my service here and will never be back. Do not give them your business.
3	This is the only Walmart that actually has a lot of items. When trying to find something I need at another Walmart I can't find it but can find it here and then some. Of course it is a Walmart so no registers are ever open and not very many people will assist you.
