5	Bree and Mary are the absolute best!! I couldn't be happier with their services. We have been struggling to find the perfect solution when we travel for our 5 year old ultra dependent and very spoiled Vizsla (aka velcro dog). The Pet Nannies offered the perfect solution. Our dog was able to stay in the comfort of our home while still receiving daily walks and loving care from Bree and Mary. They sent us daily updates and pictures which brightened our day and gave us the peace of mind that our dog was doing just fine while we were away. Thank you both for being the answer we have been looking for!
5	My husband and I just moved to Arizona from Tennessee, and in the past, we've had friends and family watch our dogs, but without family in town now, we needed to find someone to watch our dogs while we're away. While we were really stressed about leaving, Bree quickly set our minds at ease when we received her first update and photo, letting us know just how our dogs were doing while we were gone. It became a highlight of our trip to get Bree's daily updates and photos, and it really alleviated any anxiety we had leaving them at home. We will definitely use the Pet Nannies for all of our future trips!
5	I was so lucky to have met Bree at I believe it was Woofstock or Barktoberfest in Gilbert a few years ago.  My dogs Bindy and Hank LOVED her!  They knew they were in for fun when she would pick them up and were tired when they came home.  Thank goodness for them after I had my daughter because as a new mother I was swamped and working from home I really had no time.  When we would go out of town, I knew that the furry kids were safe, happy and I always had a note when I came home of what they did, etc.  I even received the occasional photo text of what they were up to.Unfortunately we had to move to N. Phoenix and they are not covering that are (yet?) but hopefully one day they will expand their service area.  I really find it hard to trust anyone else with my furry babies but they do miss them!Trustworthy, communicative, flexible, honest and very affordable.  I highly recommend their services.
5	The Pet Nannies rock!  They met with us prior and were very professional, asking questions I wouldn't have thought of and taking notes on everything.  The first time we were going to hire them we had to cancel at the last minute, which I felt really bad about but they were totally cool about it.   We used them a month later and they did a great job.  We had booked in advance, so it was a nice touch that they sent over a text to confirm the day before we left (both times) and then while we were gone they sent a daily text with a pic of our cats to let us see all was going well.  It makes it so much easier to plan and enjoy a vacation when you don't have to worry about how your pets are doing, so we're extremely happy to have found the Pet Nannies.
5	I LOVE the Pet Nannies!! More importantly, my 3 dogs love them! We've been using them since we moved to Chandler a little year ago. Prior to that, we were fortunate to live near family who cared for our dogs, when needed- so this is the first time we've needed to hire someone for this. I'm the first to admit that I'm a psycho dog mommy and my husband would tell you I love the dogs more than him. I tend not to trust people with my dogs, especially my female because she is high strung, high energy, and scared of people she doesn't know (the first time I took her to a vet, she escaped from 3 vet techs trying to trim her nails and almost ran out of the clinic). Mary and Bree have been AMAZING with her and our (more laid back) two boys. I trust them completely with the dogs and in our house. They respond quickly to my texts and provide great customer service. I can't recommend them enough!
