1	I am doing a favor to this place by giving them one star. Horrible service! You feel rushed the whole time. All the workers have an attitude problem. THEY DONT CARRY SPINACH, PEPPERJACK CHEESE OR AVOCADO! WTF!? And the jerks would not even put my bacon in the toaster to make it crispy yet it's ok to put my bacon in there if my whole sandwich is being toasted?? Screw this place... Avoid it at ALL costs.They are marked expensive because their food sucks ass for one and their service puts the icing on the cake. They should pay me to walk in.
1	Wish I could give them zero stars. The other reviews are spot on. They don't want your business. They refuse to honor Subway coupons. The employees act rude and condescending. Their prices are more expensive than other Subways in the area. I'd recommend the Subway at 51st and Olive if you're looking to eat at Subway in this neighborhood. Avoid this one at all costs!
1	Minus stars if possible. I ordered 6" veggie delite, no cheese. They're on special this month. I've been to Mesa, Scottsdale, Phoenix and all of them have them for $2 this month. That's what I normally eat anyhow. I got charged full price,  the guy behind me had a footlong loaded with meat & cheese and his was less than mine. I questioned the owner he said "we don't have to follow the other Subways,  we have a meat sub special." I then remembered I was in the same place months ago and ordered the daily special for Friday,  he charged full price then too! He had same response then as well. Save your money,  they are rude,  they don't represent Subway in a good light. According to him they don't have to.
1	Normally I couldn't fathom leaving such a negative review for a Subway as I quite enjoy eating fresh but I found this particular establishment to be most unsatisfactory.  It was relatively clean inside but there was no atmosphere whatsoever.  There was no music or anything, just utter silence.Service was OK, two stars maybe,  but it was virtually impossible to understand the employees.   We gotta have some basic communication if we're going to do business.   Prices were definitely higher than other Subways and the veggies weren't especially fresh.  Food was acceptable but unmemorable and certainly lower quality than other locations.If it were a small town and this was the only Subway, I guess it would be tolerable but this is Phoenix.  There's a Subway on every corner and I see absolutely no reason to visit this location ever again.Clean up guys, tour other locations or something to see how it's done.   What you're doing isn't working at all.
1	Unfortunately this is the closest subway to my house and it never fails to disappoint.  I first ate here about 2 years ago and the experience was terrible.  First off they don't honor the daily deal with the 6 inch sub with drink and chips, fine I ordered a footlong Italian BMT which was a struggle since I could barely understand the employee.  The lettuce was brown and the bread tasted old.  Fast forward two years, as I gave the place a second chance.  Still no meal deal even though every other subway has one.  This time I ordered a tuna footlong.  The guy scraped the last inch of tuna from the bottom of the tray which clearly was left from last night since I got it in the morning to have as my lunch. I asked him if I could get fresh tuna and he refused - seriously.  Lettuce once again brown and wilted.  Tasted terrible as expected, I'm done going here I would rather drive another 10 mins to eat fresh
1	Awful, snotty service.
1	First off, I LOVE Subway. I eat there almost daily, and sometimes twice daily. This is the absolute worst Subway I have ever eaten, and this being said after trying to give this place a chance because I am close to it often. No matter.... I will drive somewhere else. The stores appearance is ok but the help is choking the business. There are a few foreign girls working there that almost ignore you and anyone else that walks in the door. As you patiently stand there waiting, they will eventually ask you what you want (appearing like you are bothering them) and then pile all of your ingredients in a huge pile in the center of your sandwich, and debate you when you try to get them to put stuff at the ends, and not completely smother one side with mayo and try to move their hand to the side attempting to cover rest of sandwich yet only leaving a dribble past the first mountainous pile. They talk about you in their other language like your not even standing there. The absolute RUDEST staff possible. Does the owner even know what is going on there? Or do they even care?Drive 10 miles to another one, or find a Jersey Mikes somewhere....
