5	I have used Mr Handyman twice now and they are the best if you want things done right the first time.  I also called them yesterday to help me fix my patio roof leak since they are the only ones willing to help me.  I used to have a handy man I found on Craigs List but he shows up when he wants to and the last time I saw him I thought he might be on crack.  I don't take chances any more.  They replaced the seal around my back french doors since there was light coming through which mean air going out.  They are very professional and communicate well, someone always answers the phone and they show up when they say they will.
5	Called to set the appointment and spoke to the owner who was very nice and gave a great description of her services and what I could expect to pay including letting me know what it would cost if the job went longer than anticipated.At the end of my job the owner showed up personally to make sure I was satisfied. I had one small concern that I shared with her and she addressed it immediately and fixed the issue on the spot.Very happy with the work and the concern the owner had to stop by and make sure everything was satisfactory. Will definitely use Mr. Handyman of the West Valley again.
5	Extremely professional from the moment I called to make an appointment to the moment the technician finished.  I would definitely recommend this company to anyone who needs things done around the home and simply doesn't have the time or know-how to do it on their own.Very satisfied with the work and felt confident the technician knew exactly what he was doing.  I'll be a repeat customer for sure.
1	Nice people, however, very overpriced.  First hour is like $130.00 and then they charge you every 15 min.  It seems like $100.00 an hour, for just some things done around the house.   This is not worth the money.  Also, they can't even do everything you need, so they refer a lot out to other contractors.  There are only a couple of handymen that work and the experience is not what they say it is.
