5	This is a temple to hair and the artistry that accompanies the craft of manipulating it, I drink it's kool-aid and attend mass every few months, purging me of the dreaded locks that grow weed like from my skull. My friend Jorge has carved his mark upon Phoenix with a shop that I've tried to turn all my friends and family onto like a proselytizing shlub. My lil sis and my dear ol ma have both been shorn and could easily attest to his skills, and their hair is some thick nappy shiz. This dude is a well learned acolyte in the secrets of a master trade. Deft and swift, skilled with scissors and blessed with a keen eye. Merely a few words communicated and he already has an image formed in his mind, and I can relax with a chill beer in the cloister of the stone walls and wood beams, nestled in a vintage chair, lulled by the endless tracks of music i've never heard but always known somehow that ebb and flow into one another seamlessly. I always walk away like a new man, refreshed and confident and pleased with the new do.  It's a great feeling when you have the right guy for the right job, be it barber, mechanic, barista  it's an understanding and a trust thing you don't want your mane in the wrong manhands ya dig?
5	I spent years here in Phoenix trying to find the right Barber, Stylist, cut...etc. I found the perfect spot..Palabra Hair. Jorge and Priscilla are both talented stylists. Their location is hip but not imposing. Their down to earth approach shows through in their diverse clientele. I've gone here since it opened and can't tell you how happy I am with their services. They are able to execute my mid-century cut to perfection.
5	Megan Roth has re-surfaced and now at this very cool salon. Megan offers consistent service ; gorgeous cut and color. I've lost track of the compliments I receive on my hair. Megan is the real deal. Her scissors are a magic wand.
5	I have been to my share of salons in the Valley, this is the only place I will go from now on. This place is cool, artsy, funky, and fun. I love how it feels vintage and modern at the same time between the art from local artists on the wall to the arcade games and old school salon chairs.  I get my hair done with Jorge. BEST SHAMPOO EXPERIENCE IN THE HISTORY OF TIME!  I typically get my hair cut, but recently had my hair styled for a wedding I attended.  I love my hair every single time I walk out of here!  Jorge is a talented stylist who listens and offers spot on suggestions for my hair. The service is friendly and attentive here. The prices are extremely reasonable.  There is no pressure selling of services or products. But, you should try the Kevin Murphy products from here, they smell wonderful and work really well.You should go here. Seriously, go here, you will be happy you did. :)
5	Ahead of the curve! I hate getting haircuts so I reverted to giving my own to save the pain and hassle!Point being said I enjoy coming here. The crew they have are experts, creatively ground breaking in not just the way they cut hair but the way they setup their shop and the way they serve the community. The shop is simplistically built with the mind set of less is more. The art setup around the shop compliments the the shops negative space and gives the look of being in a different city than the one outside. When you're done with your haircut you might get the feeling of being in a magazine shoot. Being in a shop that has many spots to take your picture of your hair and a sheik background. This place not only offers haircuts but offers a gallery for artists around the valley. On some nights( like first Fridays) the shop turns into a whole different venue/gallery. This is a place to find the best artists around the valley that may seem hidden to the naked eye. As you can tell I found my niche of hair salons and I look forward to being  a regular; also looking forward to not giving my self haircuts and bad ones for that matter.
5	Hello!I would like to write a review about one of the hair stylists here. Sierra K Scott is a true professional! She really cares about your hair and will do everything she can to make it look ahhhmazing! I have had my hair done several times by Sierra, and it has turned out great every time. Plus, she always has amazing hair, and I know she does her own most of the time. She is very knowledgeable in how to keep hair conditioned and healthy as well.So, go see Sierra at Pallabra Hair Art Collective, you will NOT be disappointed! (:XOXO
5	I cannot express how pleased I am with the work Jorge does. He always does a great job and takes pride in his work. Both him and Priscilla are very professional stylists. You won't be disappointed with Palabra. Great salon with a cool vibe!
5	I love this place... They are hair artists!  I have been twice and Its my go to salon from now on.  Jorge does an amazing job and truly cares about his work.  All of the stylists have their own unique visual aesthetic.  + you get an awesome scalp massage during your shampoo.  Great experience all around
