3	It really isn't a secret that I live in a part of town that most people, well, wouldn't.  It's only when I go to the North Side that I can hold my head high because then I'm actually living large - it's the ghetto to the East Side (where I call home).I say that only partially in jest, because the North Side of Charlotte can get pretty bad, depending on where you are.  In this particular area, it's not too bad, because you're right off the freeway.  But too far in any one direction and it can get rough.In any case, this location sat empty for a long while, right out in front of a run-down Super 8 Motel.  And when a Super 8 is run-down, you know it's bad.  Then some people came in, spruced it up with a somewhat Caribbean theme, painted it again, named it Sugar's, and opened shop.  It took a long time, but they seem to be doing okay.One morning I stopped in for breakfast, and I'm actually glad that I did.  The service was top-notch.  Not top-notch like the Four Seasons or anything, but top-notch as in just about as friendly as you'll get in a Southern Family Restaurant.  The food was served quickly, it was hot off the grill and it was good.Again, it's not four-star cuisine (though I gave the place four stars).  But it was a good price for a good meal, the staff was friendly, the service was fast and it was a good value.I'd go back in a heartbeat if my poor body could stand the heart attack that's bound to happen, and it's a winner over Cracker Barrel any day - if for no other reason than you don't have to fight crowds in an overpriced store of knock-off country crap just to get a seat.The only real downside is that you don't get a good jelly selection, and you may have to deal with lots of smoke.  I'd say it's from all the truckers who stop in, but I never seem to see any trucks there, so it's probably just the cooks.
3	Saw the review on Yelp and decided to give it a shot. Took some friends along for the company. The place is, well priced and good quality. I won't say it great as far as diners go, and it may be unfair to compare it to a true diner, but it is still a good place to go with friends. The staff sets it apart from Dennie's and IHOP. So if you are in the area, worth the stop in.
