5	The wellness center is located inside of the Las Vegas Pain Institute, which seemed a bit odd. However, the suite is well decorated, very clean, modern and smells of aromatherapy. The staff was attentive and April, I think she is the office manager, was especially welcoming and Jen the nurse is awesome! The doctor took the time to detail my procedure (laser facial) and answered my questions. Overall, the staff really made sure that I was comfortable and relaxed thought my visit. Although I had numbing creaming on for an hour, the procedure did hurt some. It should be noted that I do have "sensitive" skin and according to the staff most people do not experience any discomfort. I had procedure 9 days ago and I am very pleased with the results already!  In 6 weeks I should see the full results, I cannot wait!!! I have already started to receive compliments : )I would have liked to have known sooner was that I would need to pick up prescription at a pharmacy located on E. Sunset Rd., just a little past McCarren Airport. The doctor formulated a custom cream to be used post-procedure to speed up the recovery process. Which make sense why it is not available at just any pharmacy. The day before my procedure I was contacted to confirm my appointment. At that time, I was informed about the prescription cream and for a antiviral. I was at work and would not be able to pick up it that day because the pharmacy closes at 6:00pm. I ended up having to pick up the cream after the procedure. I really hadn't wanted anyone to see me with a red and oozy face. Ideally, I would have liked to pick up the custom cream the Saturday prior to the procedure (the pharmacy has Saturday hours). I would definitively recommend the laser facial and having it done at this office. I was surprised to learn how many services they offer. They should consider updating their website to list all available services. p.s.I don't understand why all the positive reviews have been filtered. It doesn't seem fair, makes it look like this office is undeserving of the accolades.While I was there they had sold out on a groupon now deal on waxing. Instead of saying that they weren't able to honor it they offered to see the caller the next day. Sounds like they value making clients happy.
1	I bought a groupon for a facial and I made my appointment and took the day off from work. I showed up 15 minutes early only to be told that my appointment is at their Jones location. If you have the henderson address on groupon and yelp and only 1 phone number to call then how are we to know they have a second office? What a waste of my time and money. I'm going to try to get my money back from groupon since this was such a horrible experience. This place seems to have a really bad scheduling issue and it was a pain for me to even get an appointment. The lady at the desk at the office only said that she was sorry and there was nothing that she could do. I was really looking forward to it too. I do have to say that the office did seem to look pretty nice- Too bad I didn't get to have my facial and I wasted a vacation day.
4	This place was great! My first time getting a brazilian wax and it wasn't as bad as I  thought it would be. The staff were nice and friendly, April made me feel real comfortable because I was so nervous in the beginning, but I would definitely come back to get it done again! :)
1	Another Living Social fail. When will I learn? I purchased a 3 pack of dermalogica "facials", I'm putting facials in paranthesis because I'm baffled how they can call them that. My first experience I was met with a rude front desk person, she didn't even crack a smile or even try to pretend she liked her job. She was more concerned with the Real Housewives on the TV behind her. I had the same experience with her all 3 times I went there. They don't except tips on debit cards, so I had asked her for change, she made it a big deal. Anyways onto the esthetician, she was a nice girl, but I felt she was very inexperienced, I didn't feel like I had a facial, I felt like I had my face washed about 5 times, there was a lot of downtime, and then when she attempted to do extractions, she used her fingers with tissue paper. Now I've always been told it's not good to use your fingers? And she hurt! I had tears. Also, when she put the bright lamp over my face, she didnt even cover my eyes, it was pretty much like a flashlight in my eyeballs. She was really rough as well, I'm no delicate flower, but I want to feel relaxed when I'm getting pampered. It was almost like getting spit washed by your mother. This med spa is an extension if you will of the pain clinic next door, so when you call for an appt, that's who answers. I suggest the physician that is the medical director of this med spa either stick with his pain clinic or tighten up the staff in the med spa.
5	Relaxing!! Okay, so I admit.... I have had my fair share of facials, chemical peels, ipls, laser hair removal -- you name it I've probably done it!! So my friend refereed me to go here and it was my day off so what the hell? I'll gave it a shot... Results?? AMAZING! Their esthetician is new to the office but doesn't seem new to the industry - She was knowledgeable with a very natural caring nature. I got the Pumpkin Peel Facial and not only was I in heaven over the massage but my skin was glowing when I left her office! Thanks Avea! Also, she runs the front desk and the back room... kind of a nice change where I can sneak in and sneak out without a crowd full of people staring at my face with no make up on.. (not always the prettiest sight ha) I purchased the sale 3 for $185.00 and I look forward to coming back for another pumpkin! She had mentioned that they also have two other locations that offer laser service as well as the Hydrafacial...that I hear... have not tried it yet... has amazing results! Its like a microderm with all kinds of moisturizing serums so my skin will leave feeling refreshed and renewed.. instead of dried and flaky like a normal micro.All-in-all: Avea I will see you in 3 weeks time!********So Fresh and so Clean-Clean ;0)**********
