5	Different than all the other clubs in Scottsdale. Very sophisticated, sexy and high class. Had a great time and will def be going back!
5	Cake is GORGEOUS! Not like your typical scottsdale club. You walk into a pure seductive scene of beautiful decor, amazing music and the lighting is next level! They have arielists that dance over the tables, last week they had a stilt walker! The cocktail waitresses have the cutest outfits and are all super sweet too which is a plus! So cool and so different! def have to check it out ASAP!
5	Game changer!! Cake Nightclub will honestly leave you speechless. This is definitely what Scottsdale needed and I highly recommend checking it out!
5	Best place in Old Town by far!  Lighting, music, and decor are second to none!  By far the best looking staff!  Don't believe me - find out yourself. Definitely need to check it out if you have not been.
5	Cake Nightclub has brought a new vibe to Scottsdale! Great vibes, beautiful people and amazing service that comes along with it. Nothing expected, always something new :) highly recommended !
5	With so many options in Scottsdale, Cake nightclub is a definite must see! By far the sexiest staff I've ever seen, the music was on point and service was exceptional, not to mention the amazing sound and lighting system.
3	I came here on a Saturday night with a friend, despite being on the guest list the organization of the G.A. and G.L. lines were ridiculous. You don't know where to stand and when you ask staff, they are too busy for you. Right across at Mint there isn't this problem, they have dividers with signs, completely organized. It just looked like a bloody mess at Cake. Anyways, when we were finally in after a chaotic entry, we were suffocated. My friend immediately felt claustrophobic and wanted to leave. This is a  VERY small club. There is a minuscule dance floor, and when I say minuscule, it is the tiniest I have ever seen. Cake made the error of adding an extra 2 VIP spaces ON the floor. If those were taken off the dance floor would be greatly larger, if not at least "normal" sized. It was actually hard spotting the dance floor because it was so small, and people were packed everywhere, on the dance floor, by the bar, in the walkways, every nook and cranny had a person. So you can imagine it was hard to simply get to the bar or bathroom, you know at a rock concert this is normal, at a club this is not. When I see The Used in March I expect this, not when I go to a nightclub. It was so bad that I just gave up trying to get to the bathroom and we headed out to Mint. Well the club itself is outrageously beautiful. Chandeliers galore, sexy go-go dancers, fancy ass interior and stunning decor. But really it's just eye candy, when you can't even dance properly or have room to move. The crowd was young and attractive, a lot of people in their early and late twenties, and there is no cover charge for men and women. Wish I could comment on their bathrooms, I bet they're beautiful, if only I could have gotten to them through that sardine pack.
1	Unfortunately I have to give this place a 1 star- I didnt even make it inside. I was with a group of 7 girls (Bachelorette Party) and they wouldnt let us in unless we bought a table. Meanwhile, while i was waiting for the doorman to find out if we can go in he was letting all his"homies" in and girls that well.. i dont know what kind of favors they did to get in. Anyway, I asked him politely to not waste my time and just let me know if we will be able to get in or not. If not, thats fine we will go somewhere else but dont let me stand there like a fool and watch while you let other people. Very rude.
1	This place is awful and racist. If you are not some skinny little bleach blonde white girl who is willing to flirt with gross older bouncers then you have no chance of getting in. If your a guy they want to you to pay $20 to get in as well and have a $50 minimum bar . This place is not worth it at all.
1	I went on Saturday and they obviously were only letting in White people. All shapes and sizes. Some pretty and some NOT so pretty. The only thing they all had in common was being White. Out of 7 people (3 girls/4boys) only 2 of our group was White. The only way they were letting our mixed race group in is if we paid a ridiculous amount of money. It wasnt even just purchase a bottle. It was large bar tabs for EACH guy, plus entrance fee for EACH guy AND a special $20 tip from EACH guy to enter this so called amazing club. This bar is racist. Spend your money somewhere else.
1	A nice club... If you ever get in. We went once on a Sunday night and had no problem getting in but we went one day on a weekend and that was another story...We were in the GA line a few minutes before they opened the doors. Since we were in line first we expected to be let in soon after they opened. This was a joke. We we waited in line for an hour and 50 minutes after they opened. Once the doors opened, they only let in groups through the exit doors. We were like ok maybe they have table/bottle service that's cool we will wait a little longer.  We continued to wait for 45 minutes. They would only let the "promoters" guests in only, or if you were a group of girls. They said they were full but let us know if they have more room. Meanwhile they were allowing girls, and other people bypass the line. It was a horrible experience. We kept asking the bouncer at the door when we will be let in and he said "soon". After waiting almost two hours we finally asked what we have to do to get in. He said because their "Guy to girl ratio is too high" which is BS because they kept letting guys in, we would have to pay $50 to get on plus a minimum of a $50 bar tab per person. This would have not been as bad IF THEY WOULD HAVE SAID THIS TWO HOURS AGO! Horrible service. Skip this place and go to somewhere where they actually care about others than the bottle/table service customers. If you don't pay $1500 for a table $250 for a bottle, then you won't be treated with dignity or respect. Go elsewhere.
5	Best service in Scottsdale! I absolutely recommend Cake. Coming from a smaller city, my mind has been blown! From the moment you walk in until the moment you walk out, you will be raging. Great looking staff, also.. :)
5	CAKE Nightclub is definitely worth checking out if you are in the Scottsdale area. Sunday nights are especially fun because there is a new theme each weekend! Good music, crowd, drinks, and service!
5	So many desperate women, so little time.
1	so basic. so loud. so dark. so packed. ugh and regulars sitting on the bar? really? like, 2 dudes, literally SITTINGG on the bar. i dont care who youre "bro" is, im trying to get a drink here. take off your too cool metal mulisha tee and let someone else enjoy a song or two .. before i get the heck out of here.
3	Went here a few weeks ago 7/19/14 had no clue this was even here. They were having some block party in Old Town so some parts were fenced off. After we ate at Majerle's which is right across from it we walked over to Cake the music was LOUD we heard when we were eating which made us want to check it out. We get in no problems line was loooong. No cover, walk in and it's DARK and CROWDED and SMALL and HOT. It was the type of crowded and dark that if you were a very short girl you'd get knocked  down easily I'm 6'2 and shorter people were running into my elbow and shoulders due to it being so crowded and dark.. Yeah we didn't last long in there. We left after 3 songs.  The place is very very small the music was thumping though nothing but EDM. I'm sure this place would better if they didn't let so many people in. I hear Sunday's there are less people but I have a job to go to Monday morning lol Yeah.. I would say get there early but we was there at 10:45pm and the place was BEYOND packed.
1	this club was the worst experience i have ever had in my life. I went there on Sunday August 3rd, 2014. The door guy was rude and very racist. He was picking and choosing the race gender that he was letting in. My friend and I stood in line for a long time while he let all the caucasian men and women in ahead of us when they were showing up after us. I mentioned it to the door guy and he said "That he will let in whoever the fuck he want to let in." He wasn't being professional at all. Then while waiting we witnessed 2 black females walk up and he asked them if they were alone...They said that they had a male friend with them. The door man then looked at the black male and said "I don't like your look so you can't get in." At this point I asked for the manager and he told that he was the fucking manager and that he wasn't going to let me in. Words were exchanged between he and I and then he said to me "Why are you mad??? You probably don't even have a job" and things went downhill from there. Then as I walked away and he seen me open the door to my Bentley, he immediately changed his tone and approached me trying to apologize and to invite me into the club...I have never been racially profiled to this extent ever and it was the most horrible feeling ever.
1	I'm giving this place a one star because it was the worst service I have ever had and we had a table. Our bottle service was sooo crappy and the girl was hardly ever there to check in to see if we needed a drink made or just wanted anything else. I went outside with friends because they had to smoke a cigarette and when we wanted to get back in they told us we had to get to the end of the longggg line when we had a table!! Ridiculous! If we are paying thousands of dollars for this table and bottle service I expect to get treated a little better than that. The door guys were so rude. The place is so small, hot, and crowded. They really just need to shut this place down and put something better and bigger and have an outside area so that people can get out and get some air.
1	Absolutely terrible. If my nightclub looked like garbage I would have tons of smoke machines too. A drink got spilled ON ME (within 3 minutes if being there) and they dragged me out by my neck. Security manager didn't care either about how much force they used, I hope these hot head bouncers get sued.
5	Was out visiting Scottsdale from newport and was looking for a club to go to, saw this place and decided to check it out.  Went up to the Hawaiian guy at the front was really cool and took care of us.  Walked inside and this place was awesome.  Reminded me a lot of AV nightclub in Hollywood.  Awesome lighting, music, super attractive women everywhere, some of the hottest servers I've seen.  We ended up coming back the next night and got a table.  Our server Rachel, who's was also Ms AZ, was on point.  I was suprised even their general manager came up to us and checked if we were okay.  Having worked in the industry, I'm really critical of service and they were on top of their game.  Even their security guys were checking up on us.  The one big Polynesian guy was funny.  Overall this is probably the best club in all of Scottsdale.
2	Inside is very pretty for a nightclub. However, very packed, can't move anywhere. Free cover when we went on a Saturday night. Music was meh, just techno-ish stuff without any lyrics. Took forever to get a drink and I settled with a beer since that was faster. No real dance floor--so many people that you couldn't dance! Not coming back here
3	Good little spot for a Arizona nightclub. Really weird clientele.. Some guests dressed nice.. Some guests in flip flops, shorts and sports jerseys. Drinks reasonably priced. Service was good. Music was pretty good. Men's restroom stall did not have a separator and considering the waste of money they put into some things in the club you would think they would spend the $100 for a privacy wall.
1	No dance floor, people are mean, long lines, music isn't good.
1	This place was so tiny therefore way too crowded. We had a table and bottle service and the people serving us kept staring at me and my group like we were an inconvenience. I looked at my group of friends and said I was bored and we left. Much better clubs out there.
1	The atmosphere is suffocating,  no air or ventilation. There are people including staff/security involved with selling drugs and also drugging girls. It was the worst experience ever and it made me want to never go out in old town scottsdale again. Spread the word.
1	"Eek! Methinks not" is exactly how to describe this place. Creepy! My girls and I got major bad vibes! We were invited in through the VIP entrance and offered free alcohol... I think not. If I don't see the drinks being made there is no way I am accepting. You felt like you were in a horror movie. I mean, if that's your thing then you may like this place, but if you want to go out and have a blast with your friends this definitely isn't. We walked in, stood there for maaaaybe 60 seconds and then ran out (literally) before it was too late... dun dun dunnnn.
2	The place is pretty very pretty but very small. The cake dolls look better in pictures that in person for some unknown reason. The service uffff not good at all. The bouncer act like they own the place, maybe they not suppose to be friendly but they shouldn't be rude to sober girls. The bartender don't even know what to offer, even when they don't have customers waiting and the worst thing is that they stole money. I paid 24 with a credit card I give him $2 dollars tip in cash plus $1 on the credit card but guess what I just found out? They charged me $30 total. He knew I was not drunk those where my first drinks I don't know why he would do that. The servers name is Brandon so if you go there be careful !!
4	Went out to old town for my 24th birthday on a Friday night but my birthday wasn't until Saturday. We started off at bottled blonde , didn't like it . So we tried 3 more bars until we saw cake. Didn't hurt to go in. I was surprise we didn't have to pay cover. Walked it, it was gorgeous but so small like everyone said. The music was on point that night, way better than the other bars we went too. First thing we did was head to the bar, bartender was nice. I asked him to make 3 gummy bear shots. YUMMY plus he was nice. As we walked to the dance floor, my friend was like hey we got a table. I wasn't gonna pay for a table if we only had like 2 hours to celebrate. But the guy who said he was the manager for tonight would give us a table and a bottle for free. No charge, I think his name was derby? I'm not sure, so we sat down and one of the cake dolls came over to serve us some champagne ! She was nice but didn't really smile as much. But that didn't really matter at all. Then my friend told me the dj said happy birthday over the mic. HELLO I didn't hear it! :( but dance our night away. It was way much funner, glad we went there. For sure, coming back again in the future. Thanks cake!
