2	Very nice setting with inside and outside seating.  Full bar.  And the food can sometimes be ok.  But the service needs real work - last week it took 15 minutes from the time we arrived until the hostess appeared.  Thank goodness a waitress saw our plight.  But then the waitress got tied up with a table of family, or close friends, and we had trouble getting her attention.  The bread arrived just before we finished - just in time to sop up the juices on the plates.We've eaten here 6-8 times and keep hoping.  For lunch it's ok, but dinner just isn't working for them yet.  That's obvious from the lack of crowds, except in the bar.
4	Great post-round food.  obviously phil's grill at grayhawk is untouchable, but one of the best after-golf hangouts in the valley.  a bunch of HD TV's help a lot.  also a good venue for dinner if you live in that area.
2	Good food. Really like the Asian Chicken Salad. Horrific service. Ignoring the customer seems to be their trademark. Houdini must work there. They seem to know how to disappear.
4	This place is very similar to Phil's Grill in Grayhawk, which I have eaten at many times. Came here for dinner, my sis and bro in law live in Trilogy. We sat in the dining room and I was very impressed, the restaurant is beautiful, and the staff was warm and welcoming. Tip: they have 2 menus, a bar menu, and a dining room menu. I liked the bar menu much better, and those prices are very wallet friendly. I am not a big nacho person, but I was blown away by their nachos, and even though we had gotten there way too late, they have a great happy hour menu, with a majority of their items being half off. I have the fish tacos and was very impressed. I also thought the staff was really friendly and helpful, and not too "all over us", our staff understood that we were taking our time, we had a 3 year old with us, and we weren't in any rush. He was very patient and attentive. The ambiance is very nice, not as large as Quill Creek/Phils Grill at Grayhawk, but the decor and ambiance is comparable. I recommend it to anyone who lives in the area. Great local hang out.
5	Came here for the first time last night and it was very busy.  I guess in the summer they have dinner specials every Wednesday and it was prime rib for $14.95 with a free desert.  How could I resist?  It was as good as prime rib gets which I don't normally order but wow what a value.  Even the potatoes had a great seasoning to make them very flavorful.  The vegetables were even good.  My wife had the ravioli and although she is not a fan of sweet flavors I thought it was awesome!  It wasn't covered in marinara or alfredo but butter with brown sugar and man was it good.  I would come back for the ravioli alone.  As far as the service it was good, maybe because they expected it to be busy.  We had to sit outside because they had so many reservations from the retired couples that fill this place probably every Wednesday.  The atmosphere was beautiful, even the patio was very nice with a fireplace and fountains with ducks and misters.  Cant wait to go back and hopefully we do not experience bad service.
5	Food is great, not too expensive and the restaurant overlooks the golf course. They have a large patio also.
4	Four stars:Nice view of the golf course!Staff makes a good effort to be friendly and helpful (but then they do get tied up when there's alot of people there very easily which can be slightly frustrating only sometimes).Always ask for their bread rolls! They are warm and fresh most of the time. They tend to only serve them after 4pm, but sometimes they will "go out of their way" and scrounge some up if you ask for them around lunch time. When they have clam chowder, order it. It is surprisingly really good! If you are from back east and "know" your clam chowder, don't expect that, but expect a soup that's flavorful and really good.Breakfast (available on weekends only) is cheap, or at least really affordable! You get a good quantity of food for the price. Quality of breakfast food? That's more 3 1/2 star because it's good, not great.Three (and a half stars):Food value. Food is pretty good, but I feel that some of the entrees tend to be $1-2 overpriced. This adds up when you order drinks and appetizers. It's a better deal when you order from their bar menu. They have decent burgers and their super nacho plate is my husband's favorite thing to order every time we go there. Since we live in the Vistancia neighborhood, it's a 2 minute drive over to Trilogy here at Verde Grill, so when we are lazy we just come here and have super nachos and I order their fish tacos. The fish tacos themselves are tasty, but I think they are still trying to figure out their fish taco sides since it's been slightly different each time - a few times, it came with rice and beans and the other few times it came with chips and salsa. My go-to order used to be their Steak salad with blue cheese crumbles. This was from March 2010 when we starting going there until this past fall. I guess to make it healthier, they now changed this steak salad to a vinegarette dressing and it is plainer than it used to be, so I don't order it anymore. The blue cheese dressing with the hard boiled eggs and tomatoes and onions really made that steak salad and I miss it so much! I no longer order the new steak salad, because it tastes too healthy now...Last week, I tried a pork tenderloin dish with pomegranite sauce. It's another "healthy" menu option. It came with grilled asaragus and risotto. This was very good! It doesn't replace my blue cheese dressing steak salad favorite, but I will definitely order this again in the meantime until they hopefully bring my favorite salad back.
4	I have to tell you, the Manager Don is shaping this place up.  Service is much better....food more consistant.  My only concern is their buffets and they love buffets.  They're up and down.  But their pizza last night was great!  Drinks are always good.  And they seem to be using fresh food - not frozen.  We're going back more often!
2	I have been here several times with my parents. I want to like it so bad. It is close to them, and has so much potential. The views and setting are beautiful. The facility is nice and clean. I keep trying it but still get the same results.I think my biggest problem is the menu. I am not sure they know quite what they are going for. Are they catering for the tastes of the local trilogy patrons? Kind of, but then they try to fancy it up and make it super gourmet but it doesn't work. The food is like the girl at the party who just tries too hard. She seems like she has everything right, but there is just something off about her, especially when you look at her closely. The food all sounds really good on the menu, but when it comes out it is just heavy. They seem to rely more on the use of heavy creams and butters to try and make the dish taste good instead of seasonings. I cannot find anything on the menu that I like. I tried the salmon- it was very dry. They do not have a wide selection of salads  that appeal to me either.  The Caesar is just ok. I did not like the asian salad. My dad loves the wedge salad though. I also did not like the flavor of the french onion soup.  My husband always gets the macaroni and cheese. It is good, but again very heavy and he always gets a stomach ache. I do eat a little seafood, but there are no vegetarian options under the entre section. We also came here for cinco de mao. It adverstised an all you can eat mexican buffet. It was pretty terrible. The churros were rock hard and inedible. The rest of the food was mediocre and limited. We did come for Easter brunch and it was excellent. I would do that again in a heartbeat. That was the only time i have been truly happy here. I guess the menu just needs to be revamped to include lighter, healthier, more organic fair if they want to charge the higher prices. Also, they have live music a lot on the patios and leave the doors open. I know a lot of people there are hard of hearing, and they cannot have a conversation because the music is so loud.
2	Com'on, Don....this is supposed to be a country club.  Have you ever been to one?  Your wait staff (except for Joey) and your hostess obviously have NO training.  And where are you hiding???  I'm sorry - 71 Grille - brand new - wipes you out.  Beautiful location, views.......I was so excited by the way you took this place in hand and turned it around.  Are you still there?  By the way, tonight's pizza was cold and lousy!!!I'm scared to come back again after this review!Yelp.......You do not do your members a service by posting a 2011 review as first!
2	Very loud dining room, hard to talk. They advertise gluten free but don't truly have a menu or understanding of it.  Great server but my salad came out with bread on it, had to go back.
2	We used to frequent the Verde Grill 3 times a week.  We were driven out of the bar area by a VERY loud regular customer who sounds like Rhoda's mother.  The pitch of her voice is at a level that cannot be tuned out!  That being said we decided to leave the sports bar area and move our visits into the dining room area.  Again we used to visit 3 times a week.  Our favorites were the salmon, the chicken with asparagus and rice, the steak salad.  We used to love the crabcakes, the sliders, both beef and pork, the pork tenderloin and wings, and the yummy wedge salad..  We loved the friendliness of some of the servers and appreciated that it was usually pretty busy, but fun.  The food began to be lacking and inconsistent and we continued to come and try to give it another shot.  Towards the end of our patronage they began dropping down the big movie type screen (eliminating two tables and booth settings) and from our observations the only people watching those games were the servers.  It changed from a dining room atmosphere into feeling like you were in someone's basement to watch the big game.  We felt that if we were paying "restaurant" prices that we would do better to go to a different restaurant than to be unhappy at a place where the food was no longer dependable.  We have nothing against a sports bar if that is what we choose, but if we choose a restaurant we don't want a 60-72 inch screen hanging in the center of the window wall.  Cloth napkins, gorgeous view from all sides (except with the screen down) works when combined with amazing or even good consistently flavored and prepared food.  When the staff and management stop to care and it begins to show in both atmosphere and food, it was time for us to go.It is really too bad to depend on the golfers for post course drinks and burgers and to let the amazing building and location languish when there is such a captive audience living right outside your doors in the heavily populated neighborhood with expendable cash in their pockets waiting to spend it locally!  Such a shame.
1	Just walked out of the Vertie Grill after waiting over an hour for our food which never came waitress went to get the manager he never showed up good food lousy service.
4	This place has been really good. The food, atmosphere and services is all great.
2	We have been here one time and that was enough for us. This place has the potential to be amazing as it is situated on a beautiful golf course. The bartender didn't know how to make the drink I ordered so I had to tell him the ingredients. It didn't taste right even then. We didn't stay to order food so I can't speak to that. We don't really care to go back.
