4	This is the place to get cheap knick knacks from our neighbors to the South, and all without leaving the comforts of Scottsdale, where all minorities live in fear and humiliation!But seriously folks. From ceramic turtles to minis of Mezcal this place has everything. Yeah, you can travel down to Nogales and haggle with the locals who all want to "sell you their sister," but if you can't make it down there, or don't want the hassle, this is the next best option.Oldtown Scottsdale has a lot to offer as well. Park and explore other souvenir and Southwest Art shops and grab a bite to eat. Not the most exciting place in the world, but there are worse.
4	Wanted: A dress fit for a senorita. Maracas that can liven up a room. Sombreros, because what fiesta doesn't have sombreros? And finally a pinata. Could Old Town possibly have a store full of all these fiesta essentials? Amigos, the answer is Si. I waited years for the excuse to shop at Mexican Import. I would pass by on the way to spring training games, the farmers market or Sunday brunch and I always wondered, "will I ever have a need for any of the items in that store?" It's full of authentic and fun from the land of tequila and sun but the items are not necessarily ones you "need." That is, until I saw a fiesta on the horizon and when I did...I realized that my time had finally come. Mexican Import has pretty much any knick knack you can imagine for a reasonable price. Sombreros (both authentic and costume), fiesta attire, pinatas, shot glasses, ceramics galore, puppets, blankets, maracas (large and small), rattlesnake gum (not as scary as it sounds), cowboy hats, desert post cards and anything else you need with southwestern flare. It's a store that you wish existed for that one off chance you need a sombrero hat on the fly. Even if you aren't in the market for something they carry, this is still a pretty classic store to browse on a weekend afternoon. When you walk inside, it's like you've left Arizona and entered a small shop in the heart of Mexico. So yelp friends, the next time you need a taste of authentic Mexico, look not further than Mexican Import.
5	One of my favorite stores in the Valley. Definitely a go-to place for anything Dia de los Muertos, and with pretty reasonable prices.
4	If your kid needs a souvenir or trinket while you stroll through Old Town Scottsdale, Mexican Import is your one stop shop.  They have everything from paper flowers to maracas, from serapes to shoes, and all at fairly inexpensive prices.The one thing I find really odd here is that the shop is run by an Asian lady.  I have no problem with that, I just think it's a bit amusing.
5	While I don't have a ton to add to what has already been said, I have nothing but pleasant things to say about this store.  It is exactly what it looks like, and doesn't try to pretend to be anything else.  If you are expecting a fancy store, with fancy displays, and fancier prices you might be disappointed.  If you are looking for any sort of southwestern souvenir type option, especially en masse, at incredibly low prices; this is your jam.I have used this store to find some fun presents, I have taken guests here so they could stock up on souvenirs, and most importantly this store has been clutch when trying to come up with goodie bags for themed events or for out of town visitors at my job.  They have a very wide selection from dream catchers to sugar skulls and range in authentic options all the way to standard southwestern kitsch, native to latin, pricey baubles to complete tchotchke heaven.  It's like pick your own adventure every time I step in there. The staff has always been more than helpful in this family run business.  Pro tip: there are baskets under some of the blanket clad tables by the register if you are buying 100 mini sombreros like someone I know. They take cash and card and often have more of something in the back if you don't see enough or know a viable alternative option when in doubt.
5	I love this place. Trinkets galore. I've probably bought 20 head dresses here....no shame.Good place for fun little gifts for people or some drunken purchases after some day drinking at RnR or Patties.
5	One very hot summer day, the only customers here were me and one other woman who was equally intent on the basket of miniature serapes. I was looking for possible dollhouse rugs and blankets (and got a very nice gray serape with pale blue trim). She may have been after party favors.This store is my go-to spot for random dollhouse decor, as there is a ton of small stuff -- ironwood animals, talavera animals, soapstone animals, painted clay pots, Day of the Dead figures -- all at inexpensive prices. It's one of two stores I always visit in Old Town (the other is the western store kitty-corner with the free samples of salsa) and the only one where I always buy something.
4	Great selection. Very helpful staff. Good prices. I would visit them again   Much easier than a trip to Mecico!
3	At first glance, this store looks like a tourist trap as it is in old town and they are selling Mexican trinkets. However, I can't say with absolute certainty, the prices seemed to be pretty decent.  I bought a colorful straw sombrero for 5 dollars.  I saw some other items that seemed to be priced right.You can find all your Mexican things to make for a fantastic fiesta.  Or you can find pieces to decorate your home with in this store -- from the colorful Dia de Muertos Masks to the plates and cups to the garden pieces.  I did not find the ladies in the store to be friendly at all.  But the store is neat and you will be happy, I am sure, with the HUGE selection of trinkets.
3	My husband wanted to get a dream catcher for the little one, visiting Arizona and all. I came here yesterday with my family. They had a great price for a large one, but no choice for color - just black. We ended up getting 2 smaller ones, blue and white. Assistance from a young male working there lacked in the "niceness" department. Kind of a smart alec.
3	This is a fun, touristy shop and always a good place to check out if you're just browsing around Old Town.  They have everything from party essentials, to jellies, to Mexican blankets, to magnets, decorated skulls--- any souvenir you can really think of.  The prices are pretty reasonable as well.My main complaint is the staff.  They never say hello or acknowledge you really, and a woman was training someone and blatantly told her within my ear shot to "watch people in the spots where I was walking (in the back area where there's even more stuff) to make sure they aren't stealing".  It was just really unprofessional and uncalled for and after that, my husband and I headed right out... no purchases that day.
