4	Thinking of my car inspection brings fear to the very core of me!  That little sticker on the left hand side of my car stares at me all year.  I know the fear starts setting in around June (July being when I'm due).  My brakes are squeaky.  The car sounds like death once you turn the engine on.  You know....the endless scenarios that go on in my head that drives me crazy (haha, get it?!)!You could probably go crazy just finding a garage that's not going to be shady and give you a long list of things that need to be "fixed."  That's why it's finally nice to find a place that will be straight up with you about what needs fixed (or sometimes maybe nothing at all...score!).  Plus they don't charge you a small fortune for labor.  I understand labor can be a dirty job...but please....child labor is also dirty job and women don't get to charge for that!  The two really awesome things I've noticed about them is they're incredibly quick with fixing your car.  You can usually call them day of your car breaking and still get looked same day, if not the day after.  The other thing is that they look around for the cheapest parts to fix your car with.  I appreciate that as a fellow "discount" shopper.  Although we may not be shopping for the same things...we're still all about value!So even though I will again fear the end of June....I don't have to fear my actual mechanic now!
1	When my car died, I originally had it towed to Ruffing because it was close to where my car broke down.  After I saw the good reviews, I figured it'd be worth a shot, and was surprised at how awful the people were.Ruffing originally suggested I take my car to a dealer, since it's an uncommon model and they didn't know what the problem was.  I asked if I could just pay for a vehicle diagnostic, since they're more likely to be honest than a dealership. They said it would take around a day-and-a-half to get to it.Almost three days later, I hadn't heard back from them.  Since I need my car on a daily basis, it was frustrating that they were well past their quoted time with no updates as to what was going on.  The repairs are what should take time - not a diagnostic.My biggest issue was the attitude I received when I called.  When I called to see why there was a delay, the mechanic became agitated.  His tone became condescending when he told me it's my fault for leaving the car with him -- that I just HAD to have him look at it and I was SO against going elsewhere.  He said he had cars sitting there for weeks that he hasn't even touched yet (?) so he can't bother with mine. Ultimately I had to get my car towed to a dealership anyway, since I couldn't afford to have my car sit at their shop for "weeks".I wished they were more up front with how back logged they were, rather than trying to give me a schedule they couldn't abide by, and then take their stress out on me when I followed up with them.I wouldn't recommend this mechanic to anyone.  You're better off going somewhere that has realistic wait-times and up front communication.  And you definitely don't want to deal with a mechanic who is going to lose his cool with you at the drop of a hat.
5	I highly value Ruffing Automotive!  We have taken out two cars there for more than 25 years and we have always been happy with the service and the value for the money.  they are an honest team of mechanics who really watch out for your vehicle.  I recommend them highly!
