4	I have been to the showroom at the Orleans Hotel and Casino probably 15 times.  This 850 seat venue has theatre style seating as opposed to the classic Las Vegas showroom consisting of booths and tables.The staff at the theatre are always very helpful.  Sight lines from anywhere are good although I prefer the three center sections BB, CC, or DD rather than stage right AA or stage left EE.There are cup holders attached to the seats in front of you, but it can be a bit of a reach as the legroom in the aisles in excellent.The showroom tends to have entertainment that appeals to the older crowd such as tonight which was a 90 minute show by the show business legend Mitzi Gaynor who at 80 years of age put on a great show.The lighting is well done, and I have never been here when there wasn't anything but the best sound levels with no microphone problems.
5	The Orleans is great. And durinf Viva Las Vegas, we spend A LOT of time in the showroom. Fashion shows, showcases, and burlesque shows all weekend. Very nice, old feel to it. There is a bar in the back, which is great because you can drink a ton during your show. The people working the showroom are really nice. The theater is small, which I enjoy because it means that no seat is a bad seat. Can't wait for the next VLV!
4	I've been to The Orleans Showroom twice now, once to see Norm Macdonald and the other to see Paula Poundstone.  I have to say that this is a nice little theater.It's not very large so you should have a good view of the stage even in the back.  The seats are big and comfortable and the sound and lighting are good.  I can't speak for alcohol prices, but we've purchased a coke and a water and it only came out to $3.  The employees are some of the nicest I've met.A peeve is that the cup holders are on the seat in front of you in just the right position for you to kick with your feet (gross).  Also, the theater is so dark and the lighting is so bright on the performer that it hurts my eyes after a while.Definitely a good place to catch a show.
5	I saw a show at the "Orleans Showroom" at Las Vegas, NV on 10/6/2012.  It was my first time at the "Orleans".  The show featured the legendary Don Rickles.  I paid $110.00 for the ticket and wondered if it would be worth it --- it was.  After a wonderful opening act singer, Don Rickles came out and did the types of jokes that he is famous for.  A pleasant showroom with great acoustics as well.
5	I saw Don Rickles there. He was great, amazing timing. You knew the lines were coming but he made them funny every time.The theater is very nice. We sat far left (stage right) and could see and hear perfectly. My suggestion, though, would be not to sit on the side like we did. We saw Rickles fine but the piano player's back was to us the whole show and the orchestra was on the other side of the stage. Because of this the opening act singer stayed on the other side of the stage so that the music would be behind him. As for Rickles, he couldn't really make it to our side of the stage.
4	$3 for a can of Heineken, thank you!!Well laid out, good sound and reasonable beer prices.If someone you like is performing here, GO!!
4	Small theater with great leg room! I wouldn't purchase tickets unless they were center seats any row, the theater is small enough that the back rows are still good seats but the seats to the left and right were terrible, you couldn't see the person on stage at all. My father has a bad knee and ususally is very uncomfortable with theater seats but as stated there is so much leg room here he wasn't bothered at all. The theater attendants are sweeties (especially Baron), and the bar is right there at the back of the theater so you can drink as much as you'd like without missing much of anything.
4	Attended a few shows here.It is not a very large showroom but nice.Comfortable theater style.There are quite a lot of good venues for us older crowd.Employees at the box office and theater always very nice..
4	It is a small showroom: capacity capped clearly at under 1000. It has a reasonably decent soundsystem. I always protect my priceless hearing with "true-to-the-ear" hearing plugs. It can get pretty loud in here for a rock show, especially when considering how small the room is, so protect your hearing. -----------------------------------------Public Service Announcement: Hearing loss is permanent and currently irreversible. -----------------------------------------I have heard Foghat x2, Mitzi Gaynor x2, The Osmonds x2, Robert Cray, Lee Ann Womack, Paula Poundstone x2, Frank Caliendo, Billy Gardell, Kevin Nealon, Bob Saget, Rob Schneider, and seen an international magic convention competition in the Orleans ShowroomBox office is fast to distribute tickets; ushers are quick to seat you; and, for the shows where people want to stand up near the stage, it is permitted. Plenty of space in between aisles: unless that is, you are Manute Bol. Restrooms are outside of the venue, to your immediate left, upon exit on the Southern-most door (in the Keno area). There is a bar, but I have never partaken. Don't drink and drive. - E
1	It is not fair that anyone can just go stand up in front of the stage and block the front rows' view. Why not buy the cheapest seats and then move up to the front? Not fair! Otherwise, this is a good venue, especially to see Don Rickles! If you go to a rock show be warned, do not waste your money on the first 5 rows. Seems like the fire marshal should come by and regulate this situation. The isles are also blocked, not safe. Again, none of this happens at Don Rickles and I wish he would come to a rock show to make fun of all the crazed baby boomers who rudely block the front rows. That would be hilarious. When I chatted with management about it, they said they didn't have enough security to handle the stage rushers and they agreed it is unfair.
4	The Orleans Showroom is a great venue.  It's not overly huge so every seat in the house is great!  The stage is pretty large considering the size of the theater.  This gives the entertainer the ability to entertain directly with every section of the theater for an up close and personal act.  I've seen a few shows here and the ushers have always been really great.   Usually they are the older gentlemen working here but that's what they are ~ gentlemen!  Courteous and helpful right out of a gentlemen's handbook.  Seats seem a bit dated and needed a little TLC. But it wasn't anything too bad that I couldn't enjoy the show.  There have been many great acts come through here!  Check it out!
2	The Orleans Showroom is a nice venue where nearly every seat is a good one.  The sound is great and the stage is pretty huge.  I have seen a dozen shows there and staff for the most part are helpful.Most recent experience is folks coming from the back- the cheap seats and block views from the higher paying seats.  Please don't sell $113 seats and let the folks from the $30 block the view. I get it- people like to get up and dance- a good song comes on and people get excited but Ushers please do your job.I asked the usher to ask people to go back to their seats because they were blocking the view.  The Usher said "It sucks doesn't it?"  Yes, sir, it sucks when you don't do your job.Normally a nice venue but Management- please manage.
4	This is a pretty nice place to see a performance.  The place holds under a 1,000 people and most of the seats have a very good view.  The sound was just right and not too loud.  I would not hesitate coming here again.  They get some decent performers at good prices.  The showroom staff is very friendly and easy to deal with.  They let you bring in drinks which is nice as I did not see a bar inside the showroom.
