4	Wolfman's is my favorite pizza place in South Charlotte. I've ordered probably 10-15 times now and never been disappointed. Quality is consistently good and service is prompt- either in restaurant or for delivery.I highly recommend the "wolfbites" app.  It's awesome.  And i hear the "take and bake" is a great option too for those that want to eat at home- going to try that soon.
4	This Wolfman Pizza location is located in the small, completely gray Quail Corners shopping center.  The shopping center itself relies on Harris Teeter and Rusty's Deli to sustain it and there are number of empty locations for rent.  It seems a shame to me being the real estate location is about as good as it gets placed in between a number of large neighborhoods including the affluent Quail Hollow Country Club.  My personal feelings are that if they refurbished the shopping center and redid the exteriors from the mundane gray it is now to something more modern or visually pleasing they might have some more success in leasing and keeping tenants.  As it is now, it feels like a touch of Detroit in Southpark.  That being said this Wolfman location is quite sleepy and often there will only be one or two tables occupied and the bar will be completely empty.  The service is friendly, but can be slow due to the fact they are not always staffed for large crowds which makes sense considering the frequent lack of dine in customers.  The pizza itself has always been good, but I almost always go with the pizza of the month so there are many selections I have not tried.  The pizza of the month is normally 5 dollars for an 8 inch or 10 dollars for a 12 inch and sometimes the selections can be off the beaten bath like a BLT pizza with a bleu cheese and mayo type sauce, but they are normally pretty good monthly choices.  The regular prices of the pizza are a bit higher than your normal pizzeria, but there are some standout choices like the cheeseburger pizza that are quite good.  They have about 10-12 beers on tap at any given time and have had Weinstephaner on tap for the summer of 2010 which is my favorite summer beer so that is a plus in my book.  I would say overall I like Wolfman Pizza with the caveat that if you don't care for the pizza of the month you are going to be paying a little extra than normal for pizza.  The staff at this location is always nice, but I would say that if there are large tables or groups there service might be a little slower as a warning.  If there were a half star rating I would give them a 3.5, but being there isn't they get a 4 for friendly service.
4	I must give it up for Wolfman. As a former resident of California, their pizza is no more "California" than is Taco Bell, but I imagine they're going for the comparison to California Pizza Kitchen.We love the White Wolf. I also enjoy the pizza with the chicken, spinach and fine herbs. The crusts walk that line between thick and thin very well. I know that folks have crust preferences (NY style, Chicago style, etc), but this might be a crust which embraces all pizza eaters.The appetizers are great for handling a very hungry table anxiously waiting for the pizza, though not really all that memorable. The individual-sized salads are really enough for two to split, and the large size could serve three or more. If it is just the two of you, ask for the individual size and an extra plate, along with the dressing on the side (they often have a pretty heavy hand with the dressing).NIce folks serving, though the speed of delivery of the food can vary with no discernible reason (e.g., restaurant not really busy, off-peak time, etc). Good selection of beers, and some nightly specials (check their website for details of that night's deal). Seating available outside, which can be a nice touch on a good evening.
4	We ordered  a Chicken Thai pizza over the weekend for lunch and since we were hanging out in the pool, had it delivered. I am sad that they took my fav off the regular menu (Shrimp & Pesto) but I still love Wolfman's pizza. Their crust is not too thick and not too thin... I like the selection of chicken pizzas and the toppings are always fresh.  In addition to the Shrimp & Pesto and Chicken Thai, I also love the Spinach & Chicken, and the Mojo.  I also like to build my own pizza sometimes which is a nice change.  Sometimes I'll put together a greek style pizza with spinach, feta cheese, chicken, greek olives, and sun dried tomatoes. When I am in the mood for pasta instead of Pizza, the Chicken Florentine or Southwestern Fiesta are both good.  The salads are quite large and I really like the California and the Southwest chicken chopper
5	Excellent service and food was great as well!
3	I remember why I haven't been to Wolfman Pizza in a while. The service is fine and friendly, but the food is underwhelming. Example. I ordered the 10 inch personal pizza. When I was done about 40% of it was crust. Same with my son's kids pizza. The good news, it's not very expensive.
3	good service . crust like soft Pita bread and bland . okay ..but not great . live close so will probably return .
3	This was my first visit to Wolfman, located at the intersection of Providence and Ballantyne Commons in the same shopping center as the neighborhood Harris Teeter and Lowe's (across Ballantyne Commons Pkwy from Promenade on Providence).  Parking is a breeze, although watch out for the fukakta speed bumps that are everywhere.  I had called in an order for a Blue Moo and some Wolfbites with blue cheese for dipping on my way home from work and was told it would be about 15-20 minutes.  Hwy 51 traffic being what it is, I believe I got there about 20 minutes later.  My order was warm and ready to go, the total for the 10" pizza and the appetizer was just under $18.  The Blue Moo is not a tomato sauce pizza and is mozzarella, blue cheese, steak (a few pieces), balsamic onions and roasted red peppers on a thin-ish crispy crust.  It was good, although I imagine would be better eaten at the restaurant when it is still hot rather than after a 5 minute ride back to my apartment.  The pizza is slightly larger in size than a Totino's from the freezer and it cut into 4 slices.  You can also get their pizzas as a take-and-bake - that may be a good option too so it is nice and hot.  The Wolfbites are pinwheels of dough, cheese and a spicy sauce served with your choice of salad dressing.  There are 6 to an order and the spice in the sauce definitely kicks in after your first bite.  It's not spicy while you are eating, but there is an after-burn (not too bad though).  I thought they were quite good with the blue cheese for dipping, but again I think they would be better hot out of the oven. The takeout meal was decent, though a little pricier than I am used to paying from the chain places, but I will definitely try another kind of pizza with Wolfbites at another time for eat-in and will update my review then.
5	Love me some Wolfman!They are possibly my #1 favorite pizza place in Charlotte. They have some amazing California style pizzas that are very different from the standard pizzas we see at restaurants. The broad varieties include Thai (my personal favorite), Mexican, Greek / Mediterranean, Italian (duh!), Hawaiian, Caribbean, American, Southern (BBQ), vegetarian, ASIAN (hoisin and tofu) and then narrower varieties of the American and Italian.If this is your first time, I would recommend getting the Thai and White Wolf. They do half-and-half which is what I prefer if it's my first time or if I want to try more varieties.if this isn't your first time and you have already tried the above recommendations (or if they don't appeal to you), go for the Big Bad Wolf and the Chicken Parmesan. See how I made you try one of their "wolf" pizzas both times? Because they are delicious!!But don't feel obligated to try my recommendations. ALL of their pizzas are great so you would never go wrong with any combination you pick.They have some White Zombie (or Zombie White) beer which is really good too.Also, look out for their monthly specials that always cost a couple dollars less. And if you have the same pet peeves as me, try not to let the "!" at the end of every pizza name on their menu copy annoy you. As a side note, their "Howlin' Hot" delivery car always makes me happy.
2	Bad crust (tasteless), bad ingredients, CPK is a lot better. And they are super expensive. How are they still in business??
3	Kids eat free on Tues nite.  I cover my pizza with lots of meat.  Wolfman's is consistently good pizza!
3	I've been a fan of Wolfman Pizza for years now. Took the fam for dinner last week to this location near Providence Rd & I-485. It was busy but we were seated right away. My better halves (wife & daughter) split the White Wolf pizza, their regular, and enjoyed the hell out of it. Me, I was feeling adventurous, so I tried the Buffalo Chicken pizza. It did have a "kick" to it, but I've never had celery and carrots on a pizza. Although it wasn't bad, definitely not my favorite. Now, we don't normally order dessert here but for some reason we did this night. The S'mores dessert pizza was super tasty and really hit the spot. Took some home and had it the next day and it was just as good. The service here is nice and friendly.
5	The best pizza in Charlotte area. I've traveled a lot of different places and usually look for a good place to have pizza.Outside of NYC and Chicago, this place is as good as it gets.I've eaten here many times and every time it's been very good. They have a delicious and unique crust which makes the pizza memorable.The ingredients are always very fresh. They have several kinds of pizza sauces as well.They are reasonably priced.The service has always been good, regardless of how busy there are. Highly recommend it!
5	I've always loved wolfman pizza since Barry brought California style pizza to Charlotte, NC in 1991.  Great food and great management make eating here a no brainer.  I've found the Providence Commons location to be very consistent even during busy times.  Their wolf bites with their home made bleu cheese are a great starter and their buffalo chicken pizza is off the hook.  YUM!!
3	This is an Ok place I guess, but I've  had much better pizza and would go somewhere else next time. The crust is not fresh or hand tossed. It is frozen and slightly better than cardboard. The toppings seem fresh however. The atmosphere is ok. The service is mediocre. There is a good selection of local beers on draft. I had high hopes for this place based on reviews. Unfortunately didn't pan out.
5	Dined here today and the food and service were both excellent.  We had the Chickenstein pizza and got half chicken and half shrimp as toppings.  The sauce was really good and it was a nice way to "think out of the box" so to speak with pizza.  The only thing missing for this dining experience were TV sets and a better bar selection.  Having a variety of alcohol available and TV sets on would make Wolfman a real go-to place for having food and fun.  The staff members were friendly and gave top-notch service.  Giving them more fun options available with the bar and TV viewing would really help them shine.
5	Good pizza and GREAT customer service. I placed a take out order tonight and when I arrived to pick it up they had mistakenly put the wrong toppings on the pizza. I told them it was no problem and waited for the correct one. Within 30 seconds, the manager, Matt, came out from the back and apologized for the mistake, and immediately refunded the money for the pizza, and also threw in a free 2 liter. I was not expecting this at all and would have came back regardless. The saddest part is that they were surprised that I wasn't extremely upset. Just goes to show you how ridiculous most customers are.
4	My boyfriend the self proclaimed cheeseburger pizza expert claimed this place has the best. We not only had it Saturday but took a take away pizza back to Atlanta and baked it Sunday night. I'm not a huge pizza person but we all loved it. Love the concept of "take and bake" and it turned out the exact same. Also tried to the White Wolf (fab) and Mykonos (if you like olives then you will love it).
5	This place was a part of my childhood growing up in Charlotte. Friday nights at Wolfman were a regular occurrence. Everyone had their own specialty pizza that they loved. I make it a point to stop in or get a pie for the road every time I go back to Charlotte.Hands down, the Cheeseburger Cheeseburger pizza is the best thing on the menu in my opinion. A lot of places offer a cheeseburger pizza, but none of them come close to touching the greatness of this one.It comes with a mustard based sauce which is really what distinguishes this pizza from anywhere else. I crave this amazing piece of heaven. The pizza is so good that while in town for Thanksgiving visiting Kelly's parents, I brought one home for them to try. Let's just say Kelly's mom called us last night and informed us her Saturday night would involve a Cheeseburger Cheeseburger pizza from Wolfman. I love this place and always will.That's my word and I'm sticking to it.
