5	What a great place. The staff and the managers are so friendly I cannot think of another place to go to get an outstanding gift for anyone. And they do parties
4	Its a super cool store where kids and adults alike can build themselves teddy bears and give them a heart/ personality. That being said, be prepared to be over run by kids amped up on a food court sugar rush and their parents who have given up trying to get control of their offsprings adrenaline rush.All in all its worth a stop in to make a gift for someone special. Also the bears you see laying around are for sale so if the crowd is too much grab one of those and take it to the register. You will be soooo glad you did!
5	Las Vegas is not really an ideal place for children(s) so what better way to keep them entertained is getting your child a new friend. Located at Fashion Show Mall this place is hidden right on the third floor. Above where the Fashion Show is held. I've never been to a Build a Bear Store but my niece is in love with that store. I know my sister takes her every so often and gets a new "bear". The workers here are so friendly and we were there getting a new bear for my son and my niece. They had this new koala bear that features Cody Simpsons new single. Which I knew I was going to get for my niece. You can choose from different outfits, clothing, shoes, dress ups and etc. for your little bear. I got my niece a pirate outfit and a sword for her bear as well. Once you complete bears outfit you got to the stuffing machine and a worker helps you choose what kind of song, noise you want and my favorite part is where you grab a heart and make a wish and stuff that heart in there. They also ask you if you want to register your new bear, which they ask for your address and will send you some newsletter and etc. Which I think is so adorable, like having a birth certificate for you little stuffed animal. If I was a little girl I too would love love this store as well. I would definitely would want to come back here next time I am in town. The workers are very friendly and the store was very organized and neat! My sister picked out a monkey for my son and got him shoes and an outfit, I decided to get the shoes so he can practice tying his shoes soon.
