4	Went on a Sunday afternoon with a couple friends. Nice and laid back, excellent instruction on how to "create" your own rendition of the famous painting. Enough structure to feel good about what you're putting on the canvas without any heavy handed "this is ART!" attitude. Everyone's painting looked just different enough. I had fun despite a healthy amount of skepticism (sounded a bit frou frou for me).  Would be a fun date night- bottle of wine and a smock. I'd recommend and will be back.
5	Quite a fun evening.My wife and I went on a Saturday evening and brought with us a bottle of wine and a moderate expectation of a good time ("at least it's something different" we told ourselves).Got to tell you, we had a ball.  I am not an artist, I can paint a wall, but not a lot of skill goes into that - just practice.  We chose a 3 hr pARTy where we were painting a picture that was slightly more impressionist than I would figure I'd be able to pull off.  Alas, we both did!  We enjoyed it so much I came back the following week to get gift cards for my moms and aunt for Channukah.   We will definitely be back soon!A couple of short notes:- It aint cheap, but I look for cheap art about as much as I look for discount sushi or used tires.  Not to mention, you bring nothing but snacks/drinks, they handle everything else, the canvas, paint, instruction, music, cleanup, etc..- Don't be like me, bring a snack as well as a bottle or two.  After a half of a bottle of wine my painting got a bit.. sloppier.. But seriously, you will be taking a couple of breaks to watch paint dry so why not do it with some {insert favorite snack here}.- Do it as a group.  I believe if you get 10+ ppl together not only would you have a true party, but you choose the art which will be showcased during that session, and they have some pretty cool options for you to choose from.
5	I've gone before with girlfriends and had a great time - this time I took my 5 year old daughter for a kids painting class. We had a blast, for $25 she was able to paint a reindeer picture, have cookies and hot chocolate and a visit from Santa. It was priceless to be able to take pictures with Santa in a private setting. The class was a lot of fun for the kids, looking forward to planning a girls night out soon!
4	I went here on Friday night with my boyfriend and a bunch of his coworkers. He sat in one room and I was in the other so we could have two different paintings. I thought it would be awkward given I knew no one, but the whole environment is very conducive to meeting new people and enjoying the experience.I agree with previous reviewers - bring drinks and a couple snacks. I went through a bottle of wine and would have loved a little something to nosh on! Some ladies in my room had brought food from Cowfish and everyone was salivating. Although this place isn't cheap, per se, you get instruction, paint, brushes, the canvas, and the final product. I bet this is really fun for a kid's party, too!
5	What a great evening! I am convinced that our instructor, Bricklend, was a big part of that... she was hilarious and made the night SO MUCH FUN!  I didn't expect to like my finished product as much as I do since I have ZERO experience painting.  She made it easy, fun, entertaining and overall a really wonderful time with my friends.  Looking forward to next time!
5	So... I tried another business similar to this one but in a different town.  I was right.  The instructor MAKES the evening!  The new experience was okay and the instructor was sweet but Bricklend was FANTASTIC and I would eagerly attend another evening under her instructions ANY DAY,
5	This is definitely an awesome time! I had been meaning to try one of these places since moving to Charlotte but somehow never got around to it until I received an invite to a friends birthday party at Painting with a Twist. Needless to say I was PUMPED! Since it was a private party my friend provided the food and wine and the amateur artists (aka the partygoers) provided the entertainment for the evening. I'm not very artistic but our instructor Sam put everyone's mind at ease and we got our food and drinks and got right to it. We had a few breaks where we could compare each other's pictures to what they were supposed to look like- pure hilarity. Some people were nervous but if you start to take your painting too seriously you just get some more wine and it's all good!
4	What a fun night this turned out to be! Painting with a Twist offers a fun night guaranteed for any group. My friend decided to have a "pARTy" here to celebrate her birthday. When we RSVP'd we told them that we'd like to sit together and they were happy to oblige. When we arrived we were greeted warmly by our very upbeat and energetic instructor Jen who checked us in and showed us to our table. The layout is simple. They provide all the art supplies and you just show up with wine (and snacks) and paint away. No setup and no cleanup! I won't lie the moment I sat down that there was some paint and a blank canvas I nearly passed out! I don't have an artistic bone in my body so I was at least hoping for some outlines in pencil as a cheat for me to just paint around! But before I could have a mini "art attack" as Jen would say; she said that there was no wrong way to paint and when in doubt just have more wine! Ha. Thank goodness Jen was patient! She walked us all through the painting step by step, she came over and helped when needed and encouraged us along the way. By the end I was more than pleased with my painting and my friends all agreed that we must do this again. At the end while we were wrapping up our entire group had to take two pictures; one where we just showed off our lovely art work and the other picture with a "twist" that included lots of silly faces and upside down paintings. This place definitely makes for a fun night--no matter the event! Whether it's a girl's night, kid's party or even date night! I would recommend this place to anyone!
4	My wife and I had a good time here. A great staff. However, they played hip hop and eighties hair bands all night. Not my idea of appropriate music for an art studio, but that is just a personal preference. I would have thought upbeat jazz, big band, Gershwin, anything but ear destroying hair bands and rap while trying to enjoy painting a Van Gogh type piece of all things. Overall, I liked the painting I walked out with and the experience. The instructor was upbeat and very helpful so I guess that is the most important thing.
5	I have taken these wine and paint classes at a few places around town and this one is by far is the most fun.  The "Art-Tenders" are hilarious and keep you laughing through the whole class.  When I was there last night, they had a private party going on in the back room and it sounded like everyone was having SO much fun.  What a fun party idea for a bunch of friends to get together for!  I think I might plan my next birthday here :)
5	Had absolutely great time. Came with a group of four but by the end, everyone in the room was friends. Our instructor was diligent and extremely entertaining! Couldn't have asked for a better personality leading a class who contained my friends and I. Will be back without a doubt!
5	I celebrated my birthday here and I'm so glad I did! In between having mini "art-attacks" we laughed until our cheeks hurt. Painting with a Twist and Bricklend ROCK!!! If you haven't tried it, please book a class today and take friends!!
