5	Yeah  Mamma Like....What's not to love? ....yummy "special" treat , check, find it at a Farmers Market ...check,  reasonable price ...check... it 's nearly perfect!    Now if he had only complimented my adorable skirt it would have  been divine. I really love the concept and execution of this  delightful  specialty food truck..  the brulee is made in many different flavors such as lavender, chocolate, coconut ( yummy) , banana  and others..he torches it right in front of you or packs them up to go.  I also noticed he will deliver a minimum of 4 at places through out the valley. think I can convince my co workers that we all NEED brulee?
5	Following our Short Leash Dogs dinner at the Downtown Phoenix Public Market tonight, my friend and I decided to give Torched Goodness' creme brulee a shot. We went with vanilla. I know, not very adventurous, considering they've got some really interesting flavors on the menu. I would have loved to try coconut, but it wasn't available. (Side note: you could probably put coconut on a shoe and I'd eat it. I love coconut. You hear that Torched?)Torched Goodness is just one of the handful of food trucks capturing Phoenicians' hearts and appetites lately, and for good reason! The creme brulee we had tonight was thick and creamy, with just the right amount of sweetness. The sugar on top was a thin, evenly caramelized layer (torched right in front of you by Chef Eric). I took great care to include a little piece of it in every spoonful of the creamy custard... it was perfection, and it was over too soon. Next time, no sharing! I'm getting my own! I know Chef Eric makes stops at the Town & Country Farmers Markets on Wednesdays daytime and Downtown Phoenix Public Market on Wednesday nights, and at the Ahwatukee Farmers' Market on Sundays... you can track him down to see where else he stops if you follow them on Facebook or Twitter ( @torchedgoodness )...
5	I am extremely picky about my creme brulee.  I make my own and go all out when I do.  I'm talking buyin vanilla beans.  Fresh eggs.  The whole 9.  Torched Goodness is FANTASTIC.  I had the cappuccino on the recommendation of owner and couldn't have been happier.  What a welcome addition to the Phoenix food scene.
5	I got so excited when Torched Goodness started coming to the Ahwatukee Farmers Market!! I would love to go to the Downtown market ( I'm also dying to try  a Shortleash Hotdog!) but unfortunately I can't for now.I tried several samples and they were all delicious. My absolute favorite is cappucino. It's amazing! My favorite ice cream flavor is Haagen Dazs coffee and this tastes like that but a million times better. Very creamy, not overtly sweet, just perfect. The size is right as well and I love that Chef Eric devised a clever way to get your creme brulee to go.So if you run into the Torched Goodness truck, do yourself a favor and get some creme brulee!!
5	You know it is good if I'm beginning to write my review, and I haven't even finished my little cup of heaven yet!I have been stalking Torched Goodness on Twitter ever since reading incredibly complimentary reviews on Yelp.  Finally! A chance to sneak out to the Farmer's market to snag myself a creme brulee.  I came hoping for the coconut flavor, but alas - it is seasonal (sure to return in a couple of weeks, I was told).  Instead, I set my sights on the special flavor of the day - Maple with caramelized bacon on top.  Ahhhh.  I LOVE bacon!The creme brulee had the perfect texture - smooth and silky with the most delicious burnt sugar crust.  And the bacon... oooohhhh man! Definitely get that on top!  Or on its own.  Either way - get it.
5	I was having a case of the Hump Day Blues....tired from Iruna and the Rusty Spur the night before and a long stressful day at work, all I wanted to do was go home... Until I saw it...a light brighter than no other coming from the Wednesday evening Phoenix Public Market. Usually it's Short Leash that shines with such intensity, but this evening it was TORCHED GOODNESS and their selection of Creme Brulee. My saving grace...AND they accept credit cards! [my cash-less a$$ be saved] *bells of heaven chiming in the distance* The selection seemed endless from vanilla, chocolate, peanut butter, lemon, lavender, maple....oh I can't remember them all.... I decided on 2 (yes 2 chastise me later for my indulgence) ...Lemon and Lavender....wishing I had gone for the maple topped with the optional caramelized bacon, which he said he only had 3 left of those. But I made no mistake with my choices. They both were very subtle but distinct in their individual flavors. The quality of the ingredients did shine through. I am going to have to start stalking them on twitter and facebook....
5	OMG!  I love living downtown for so many reasons.  And I got to add Torched Goodness to my list tonight.  I first encountered this gourmet food truck at the Wednesday Public Market on Bastille Day.  They were hosting a French Dessert Smackdown.  I got to sample the lavender creme brulee, which was heavenly.  But tonight, thanks to social networking, I learned before I even left work that food trucks would be on my very street for First Friday tonight.  My friend and I rode our bikes the mere block to the corner lot, where we once again encountered Torched Goodness.A cursory inspection of the menu revealed the clear winner: maple creme brulee with the optional carmelized bacon topping.  We're talking organically raised bacon and local sourced dairy.  Torched before your very eyes!  It should probably be illegal.  It's that good.Dude is a serious foodie and localist.  And a super-friendly guy.  He's Le Cordon Bleu trained and loves what he does so much that you just feel good sitting at his folding table.  I give Torched Goodness my whole-hearted 5 stars.
5	My goodness, Torched Goodness! This is some darn tasty creme brulee. If they are offering their lavender flavor, you have to try it! It's not too floral so don't worry about it tasting like soap. I live in Gilbert and made the trek out to North Scottsdale to visit them at the North Scottsdale Farmers Market (Saturdays, 94th St. & Shea). I wasn't ready to eat my dessert so early in the morning, so they were awesome and packed my brulee in a cup of ice to keep it cold on my way home! These guys are great! For only $4 you get a yummy cup of happiness.
5	The creme brulee on this food truck is unbelievable! This has to be the best I have ever had. Plus, the variety of flavors means you will never get sick of it! He is very creative with his flavors, not just sticking to the usual chocolate, fruit, and vanilla standards of most places. I've tried two flavors, my first being the Chocolate, and second was the Maple. The Chocolate was by far the best chocolate creme brulee I have ever had (at least until I got to the maple with caramelized bacon!). The Maple was an entirely new experience for me, though. He topped it with some bacon (organic and from a local company called Pork-on-a-Fork), which he charred to a perfect, delicious crispy texture with the torch. The savory flavors of the bacon made it a perfect accompaniment to the Maple creme brulee! I hope he decides to keep that flavor and topping around! If he has the Maple topped with Bacon, definitely go for that one. Don't be afraid of the unique flavor you won't find anywhere else!As for service, the guy behind the truck is extremely friendly. He loves to take the time to talk to everyone that stops by his truck and told me that he will even be stopping at someone's party for a while for a birthday of someone who loves creme brulee. That's awesome and I would love to have him come to one of my parties!To sum up, I will be going back to this place as regularly as possible. Definitely give it a try if you have any interest in good dessert.
5	Whats that?  A creme brule food truck?!  ReallY!  Once I spotted this truck at the phoenix market I grabbed my already over stuffed fiance by the arm and dragged him to the window.  The list of flavors was entising, but sadly we arrived late and the jolly proprieter was already out of a few flavors (salted carmel (!) oh, I will be back).  The two of us ordered a bannana creme brule to split and joked with the chef about his idustrial blow trouch as he prepared our treat.  It was amaizing, and I am generally not a huge bannana fan, but this was really great.  And whats this I read about a lavender creme brule?  I can't wait to see the flavors this man comes up with in the future, so I can try them all!
5	Every year I am in charge of bringing dessert from a local spot for Thanksgiving and Christmas. Last year we did an ice cream pie from Sweet Republic and that was good. But this year was different...This year we sorta flipped out when we tasted our creme brulees. We ordered a few pumpkin and then got a ton of different flavors so we could try them all. We sat in a circle and just passed them around going to town. They were all amazing. The winners though, were the classic vanilla and chocolate. As in, the kids were licking the containers. We didn't even think the kids would like them but they couldn't get enough. We loved it so much we are even doing it twice- Christmas here we come! I had the order delivered to my work, it came wrapped in a bow with an adorable re-usable container full of raw sugar for flaming. We used the broiler because our torch was out of gas and it turned out wonderful. I did a test on one of the brulees to get the hang of it. Prep time was about 15 minutes to do all 12 brulees. it was amazing. Julia is such a pleasure to work with as well. She is always quick to respond to e-mails and was right on time!
5	Creme brulee is one of those desserts I'd always heard about, was sort of familiar with by description but had never tried until a couple years ago.  I've since had some really good creme brulee and some really bad.  Let's place Torched Goodness in the "really good" category!A work friend mentioned last year how amazing TG's lavender creme brulee was.  I thought that was an odd flavor for this dessert but she raved about it.  I happened across the TG truck at T&C one Wednesday but the line was way too long so I didn't stick around for a taste.  The same friend invited me and another co-worker to join her at the Downtown Public Market site for "Food Truck Friday" and we all hoped the "creme brulee guy" would be there.  Sure enough, he was!Lunch was great, but dessert was better.  There were four flavors available that day (vanilla, lavender, chocolate-peanut butter, and salted caramel).  We each got a different flavor (we didn't try vanilla) and shared.  Wow - really wonderful flavors!  I didn't expect to like the lavender, but it was surprisingly nice.  I don't think I can choose a favorite between the chocolate-PB and caramel, but I will say the flecks of sea salt on the caramel makes it spectacular.I have since learned Torched Goodness is at Urban Beans on 7th St. & Osborn every Tuesday afternoon from 4-6pm.  It just so happens I live blocks from there and can easily stop in on my way home from work.  This could be a love affair in the making!
4	I heard about Torched Goodness through Yelp (of course), & liked them on Facebook so I could see where they would be located, since they move around all the time. They ran a special around Thanksgiving & Christmas, 12 for $35. I ordered 2 of each of the following: vanilla, chocolate, peanut butter, lemon, lavender & sea salt caramel. My husband picked them up on Christmas eve. They were nicely packaged & also included sugar & a lil bit of sea salt for the caramel brulee. They were all so yummy, but chocolate was our favorite, with sea salt caramel being a close 2nd. I spoke to Julia during the ordering/pick up process & she was such a sweetheart, I would definitely order from them again!
5	I have and will continue to dream about the maple bacon creme brulee.Sure it sounds weird. It was a little weird, actually. The most important point, however, was that IT WAS DELICIOUS.In case you didn't know, you can track them on the twitters at @torchedgoodness.
5	Love this place.  $4.00 for love.  You can't beat that.  They will freshly brulee the top of the creme brulee of your choice.  The flavors will change but love and attention that goes into each little cup will not.  My favorite is still simple vanilla or lavender, but I just had a sea salt caramal that made up for a crazy day of nutty clients.  Usually it would cost me many many more dollars in over priced cocktails to have that affect.  Bonus, is that no one looks at you judgmentally if you eat creme brulee before noon. Add them to your facebook or twitter.  It really is worth stalking.
5	a creme brulee truck? only in my wildest dreams! sometime in between january and now i dropped out of reality every tuesday and enjoy a cup of the most delicious creme brulee in phoenix when i visit Urban Beans for a coffee.  the sea salt and caramel is to die for and pairs perfectly with a cup of drip coffee from the UB. every week they rotate the flavors - i've tried lavender, cappucino, peanut butter, vanilla, nutella, but the sea salt one is by far my favorite. must check out this guy and his traveling truck for a sweet snack when you can!
5	Apparently fellow yelper Andrew and I are meeting in our dreams over maple bacon creme brulee! I'm seriously glad to see that I am not the only one having subconcious yearnings for this lil dab of heaven in a cup! All of the products are top notch though and who doesn'tlike creme brulee? Communists maybe? Chef Eric is awesome and so friendly too.
4	Tried Torched Goodness at Food Truck Fridays.  They were out of the sea salt caramel (flavors are seasonal and they run out quickly, so you have to get there early!), so we opted for the Rose Water.  It wasn't a flavor that I'd usually pick, but it was unique so I figured why not?  The layer of sugar was a bit too much for me--it was a little too thick--but that quickly gave way to the perfect creamy center that was infused with flavors of rose in a fantastic way.  I didn't think I'd like it, but now I can't believe I hesistated to order it!For $4, this will be a regular treat for sure.  Now, I'm off to see where they are right now...
5	Yumm! Salted carmel yumm, raspberry yumm! 4 dollar creme brulee yummmmmm!
4	Go for the Sea Salt!
5	Oh. My. God. Holy crap this was wonderful! Better than I expected by a million. The BF and I shared a salted caramel and it was perfect! The salty and the sweet together were an amazing combo and the texture was wonderful. It was even refreshing on a hot day... which I didn't think it would be. I want this again... like right now.
5	Always delicious. My regular favorite is Sea Salt Caramel. One time there was Maple Bacon, and I will get that whenever it is available.
5	My boyfriend buys me one at least once a month..sometimes we even get them at the farmer's market in Scottsdale. I have had the: orange, lavender, root beer and salted caramel flavors. Salted caramel or lavender..can't decide which one is better...guess I'll have to keep eating till i figure it out!
5	Torched Goodness is a special treat! I have seen them twice at the Wigwam Farmers Market. Creme brulee is my favorite dessert and they do it right!
5	I came across this business while browsing through yelp and I'm damn near convinced they make heaven in a cup :)I bought some of the vanilla creme brulee for a family dinner and every single person who ate it had one word: "W O W!"The owner of the company was very easy to work with and I was able to place my order through email. We can't wait to try the other flavors!
5	I am a creme brulee fanatic and I absolutely loved mine! I had the butterscotch one and I definitely recommend it!You have to check out Food Truck Fridays in Downtown!
5	By now we're all perfectly aware that food trucks are a thing, and a wonderful thing at that.  I've sampled wares from every truck I see, and I can honestly say that Torched Goodness is a favorite of mine.I'm no expert when it comes to sweets since I rarely have a sweet tooth.  And yet...I simply can't say no to Torched Goodness!  The idea and execution are simple and it works very well.My personal favorite is Chocolate with a hint of chili pepper.  It hits all the right notes.If you see Torched Goodness around town, do yourself a favor and indulge.  You won't be disappointed.
5	Tried TG during the Food Truck Mania event in downtown phoenix. I love Creme Brulee and was excited to try the different flavors. My options were sea salt caramel, cappucino & blackberry. The sea salt caramel was delicious!! It's was a perfect size to share with someone. But if you LOVE creme brulee like me....get 2! The cost was $4.00.
5	sea salt carmel creme brulee. get it, hurry.  their are excellent with updating their facebook page so that I can track them down whenever the mood strikes.
5	I tried Torched Goodness yesterday, at Techiepalooza at Skysong, in Scottsdale. I bought the vanilla and the sea salt caramel.The good: Eric was polite, the portion size was reasonable and the price was affordable.The really good: The creme brulee was delicious. The top was caramelized and crunchy, the custard had a lovely texture and an equally lovely flavor.I hope to track down the truck around Thanksgiving, and try the pumpkin flavor. If it's anything as good as the vanilla, I'm in for a treat.
5	This is how I feel about Torched Goodness. http://youtu.be/G3IgFsEEOikPerfect idea for a food truck. I got the salted caramel which was very good! The flavor was great and it had a good price to go along with it. I can't wait to go back!
4	Love it!!I always get one when I get to go to Food Truck Fridays.My absolute favorite is Sea Salt Caramel, and today, I was lucky to get the last 2!!The large ones are $5, and they have Minis at $3, which is a really good option when you go spend some $$ for lunch and you still want to have dessert!!The Chef/Owner was really friendly and helpful, I recommend you try them whenever you get to catch their truck somewhere in the Valley!
5	The best creme brulee. Loved the sea salt caramel and orange blossom.
5	Best creme brulle that I've ever had! I was anxious to try it because I read about it here on Yelp and it exceeded my expectations.I had the sea salt and caramel which was great. The almond was sold out but I'd like to try that next time. I got my boyfriend the peanut butter one and it was delicious...very subtle, not at all overbearing like some peanut butter stuff can be.The lovely Kaitlin was at the booth at the Farmer's Market when I was there. I enjoyed everything about the experience and am looking forward to going back.
4	Truly the best brulee I've had on this side of the Atlantic. Fairly priced, and really convenient containers, so I could put a lid on it and save my cup of deliciousness for later...not that it's destined to last I appreciate the use of all natural, local ingredients, and that when you get almond, it's going to taste like it packs lots delicious almonds. Likewise for orange. Don't get sea salt caramel. There's about a 30-second delay between the sugar being melting under a blowtorch and melting in my mouth. How cool is that?
5	They come to the farmers market at my work the third Tuesday of every month. I used to work from home on Tuesdays so I was missing out on this delicious treat for the past few months. I recently changed my schedule so today was the first day I had it. Oh my goodness, this was so good. I was dumb and didn't order it the first time I went down to buy some other things and I decided to come down at the tail end of the day. So the only flavor and size left was a regular chocolate chipotle. No matter what it was so GOOD! I had the second to last one so I am so happy I went down. I can't wait for next month!!! I will make sure that I get like 20 of them and hoard it in the fridge LOL!
5	Great creme brulle.  And you get to see the guy torch it in front of you.  And they had a ton of different flavors!   What a concept!  For a truck, this really was a good experience and a great quick desert!  Delicious?  Oh yeah!
2	My party ordered 3 different mini sized creme brulees - cherry almond, sea salt caramel, and original. My favorite was definitely cherry almond. It was pretty neat seeing the guy torch them right in front of us and I liked the variety of flavors.Unfortunately, I have to say all of ours were a little bit too torched and tasted slightly burnt. I was a little bit disappointed. Maybe I'm just a novice to creme brulee and it's supposed to taste that way but I don't think I'll make a return visit here.
5	I had this for the first time today. I got a large vanilla one and a small salted caramel one to go. I liked that they were torched right when I ordered them and they came in cute little containers with lids. (Some things from food trucks are difficult to take home.)  I was supposed to share them when I got home, but I maaaaaaay have eaten more like 2/3 of each one. They were AMAZING. Perfect creaminess & custardy texture. I have had creme brulee in the past that was too runny or too chunky. This was perfect. The flavor was awesome...the vanilla was as expected, but the salt in the caramel really made it interesting...in a good way.I saw in previous reviews that they were too burnt...not so for me. Maybe they do less bruleeing (that could be a word). They were perfect...light golden crunchy top that tasted just torched enough and cracked with a spoon in a magical way. :)As I mentioned on their Facebook page, I am actually glad this is a food truck and not a brick & mortar business because if I could go get one every single day I would. Then I'd go more and more. Then I'd be too fat to leave the house and hopefully they'd have delivery by then.Love it! Can't wait to try some more flavors. :)
5	This stuff is heavenly.  The sea salt caramel defies description.   IF you haven't had any yet, you should stop what you are doing and look them up right now!
