3	Superb seafood. Huge portions. Sweet tea, hush puppies and coleslaw are down home good. I always eat here when I go home for a visit.Update:Ate here last week and the food is not as good as the last time. Just didn't meet the high standard they set before. I'll probably go there once or twice a year now.
4	Seems to me like this restaurant is a hit or miss.  I have eaten at this restaurant on many occasions.  Sometimes it's excellent.  Other times not so good. The salad bar is always excellent. I've even stopped in and picked up a salad to go. It's only open for dinner so there's usually a crowd if you go early. The people are very nice so it is worth a visit.
1	Tried the combination platter with three items and was not impressed. Need to go to the fish camp's in Gaston County and learn how to properly fry fish. Overpriced for what you get.I definitely will not be returning to Pier 51 in Rock Hill!
5	Everything is tasty. The salad bar is very clean. I was impressed every time. If you ever come here ask for Mavis for your waitress.
2	I had the fried salt n pepper catfish and calabash shrimp, it was pretty good. I'd say average for a fried fish place. The salad bar was worthless though, lettuce was wilted and gross. However the service was absolutely awful. It is not crowded at all and we have been waiting for over ten minutes for our waitress.
3	Pretty good place overall. We went around 5pm and it is a very old crowd that eats here. I tend to look at that in a positive meaning the food will be mildly seasoned and easy to digest. When we ordered we were asked if we want it seasoned with salt and pepper. I gave the server a look of confusion. She then said it would taste better with salt and pepper. She was right it was seasoned well.  I assume this must be a common question because of the older crowd that eats here. It was not the tastiest food but not the worst. Not sure if I will go back mainly because the ambience was not welcoming. You can tell regulars or locals frequent this place and new comers are stared at. Well at least that's the experience I had.
