5	This Roberto's is a very clean location, but is not very busy.  They also don't have a drive-thru.  They don't have a lot of tables to eat at either.  They are very nice at this location and have a good understanding of English.  Another plus is that they offer the shrimp burrito, but a lot different than other locations.  They offer it with a lot of cheese sauce inside.  After your meal, you can shop in the Sahara Pavilion, which has a lot of nice shopping in it, including a very nice Borders that is the largest in town in way of books.
5	Late night, and you've got to get a Mexican food fix? Roberto's Taco Shop is your best bet.Haven't been to one since I moved from this area over seven years ago. I would, daresay, Roberto's has gotten more commercial with their shop design and uniforms, and it's gotten cleaner... but the food has not been sacrificed in the commercialization.Ordered their Machaca (#8) - Boy, is this good. A little too much salt, but a great dish for only $5.35! Flour tortillas were hand-made and home-made, and above average size.The BEST Mexican fast food I can think of in Las Vegas! Compared to Lindo Michoacan... five stars for sure!As everyone knows that read my reviews... I love Chile Relleno. Don't think their Chile Relleno is adequate... but their other dishes... Burritos, Carne Asada, Tacos are superb. I'm just very particular about my Chile Relleno.
5	This was my New Year's discovery while in Vegas visiting the rents. You would never expect to get such authentic and yummy food from a chain.  I just wish they would open a few in LA.  Chile Relleno was excellent!
5	I LOVE Roberto's!  I can't find the location I would frequent when I lived in Vegas because there are SO many of them, so I'll just write about this one.They are open 24 hours, 7 days a week and is the spot to go to after a night of partying!  I love their breakfast burritos (with sausage) and their carne asada FRIES -- SO delicious!  ALSO, they have those spicy carrots -- I usually fill up a whole sandwich baggie full of them -- they are so GOOD.  They are the only taqueria that I know of that has huge sliced spears of these spicy carrots and not those wimpy canned bought carrots.  Roberto's is one of the top reasons why I miss Las Vegas.  And PT's coming in a close second.
1	This is located attaching to PT's Pub. As many have voiced it is better drunk. Most of the time the beans are way too runny the meat is flavorless and its just bad mexican food. Ive had it at fairs and at several locations it is just bad juju
3	Were it not for my insatiable craving for carne asada fries, I would have never ventured over to this "local" side of Sahara Avenue.  This Roberto's is located right next door to PT's Pub, and I mean RIGHT NEXT DOOR.  Like, they share the same door and same wall.  So, as you're sitting in the tiny restaurant of Roberto's, enjoying your food, you'll definitely feel the bass of hip hop music bumping next door.  Or, if you're lucky enough, you'll be able to listen to every word of a horrible rendition of Babyface's "Everytime I Close My Eyes" during karaoke nights.So, how were the carne asada fries, you ask?  For $7.10, I thought they were on the pricey side.  They weren't as good as you'll find in San Diego, but good enough to whet my palate until I visit SD again.  The SO had them for the very first time and was intrigued with the whole french fries thing.  I didn't care too much for the huge dollops of sour cream and I thought the fries could have been served hotter.What was annoying about the service was that the guys behind the counter were working at the pace of snails.  And while people were waiting in line to order, the cashier was just chatting on his cell phone.  How rude!
5	Roberto's, Roberto's, oh how do I love your greasy, authentic goodness that is classified as Mexican food. When I lived in Las Vegas, I went to school not to far from this location, and Robert always did me good during lunch period. And, if not then, then after-hours. Oh, how I miss stumbling in to Roberto's at 3am for some of the best drunk food I've ever experienced. If you want light (as light as you can get at Roberto's), go for the taquitos with cheese and guacamole, and mix the red and green sauces at the condiment bar. My personal fav would have to be the made-to-order carne asada burrito with cheese and guacamole added also with the mixed red/green sauces. I miss it just thinking about it. One time, I ventured off and tried the breakfast burrito which was as equally tasty, but I know that the carne asada burrito missed me so I had to go back (what can I say, I'm a sucker for love).
5	Every time I'm in town, I have to go to Roberto's.  There is really isn't much here except for the greasy tasty Mexican food, period.  If that's what you're looking for; this is the place.  I wonder why they have the bullet proof glass, though, when the door to the kitchen is always open.
1	Last time I ate at Roberto's was over a year ago, had the carne asada burrito and threw up half way eating it.
4	I absolutely love the food here! Nothing better than some fresh, humongous, delicious burritos or tacos. I enjoy the salsa bar every time I go here. Check out the specials, they're always good.
4	Ok, now granted, it's been two years, but the reason I'm doing this review is more for myself than anything...  I'm trying to organize all my favorite eating places, and by reviewing them, I have a place where I can log-in to remember them.What I can offer, although it HAS been a while, is that the Tortas were always VERY good.My ex-girlfriend turned me onto them, and I discovered how hard it is to find good tortas (Mexican sandwich - basically pita bread, asada, rice, onions...).The tortas here are very good, even for a low rent food joint like Robertos. It's cheap eating at it's best.Even though in Vegas you have a multitude of options, this is a place where you can get good mexican tortas, for quite cheap.It was always our place to go, when we wanted to eat off the strip (get in and get out).Hope this helps.
2	the first thing i noticed was that it was very clean. eerily quiet. the two men behind the counter had beady eyes and wide smiles. very patient in waiting for our order. i ordered the chicken taco and enchilada with rice and beans. my girl got the rolled tacos meal with a large horchata. para aqui i say as im handing him $12. pretty decentafter sitting and chomping on carrots and cucumber for some moments we decide we dont want to stay and ask for it para llevar. they got kinda upset. as we get the food and start collecting salsa my girl over hears them talking shit in spanish. i wouldnt normally mind but she was very offended especially since there were other mexicans in the dining area. we didnt say anything but quietly left. 3 stars for being one of the only taco shops in the area with decent food. im from san diego and eat mexican food all the time. barely do i ever get a hint of disrespect.
5	Roberto's is our first stop directly from airport every time we come into town! ....and almost daily there after. Best Carne Asada Burritos ever!Would love to bring home a suitcase full of them back home to Seattle! Have yet to find a place at home that makes them this good!
4	This Roberto's s pretty much the same as all other Roberto's.  But, they have free hot carrots, radish, and cucumber at their salsa bar.  Yum!$2.50 will get you a bean and cheese burrito that will fill you up.  For Vegas, that is an excellent value.  If you're in the area, try it.
4	I have never met a Roberto's i didn't like, but this one is even better. They keep it clean, and make it fresh. I love the Carne Asada Nachos, big enough for me and my girlfriend to share, but i can also scarf my own down. :) Chips, cheese, Carne Asada meat, sour cream, gaucamole, pico sauce.Yum. I may need to go now, I am working up a hunger.For kids tacos, quesadillas, or hamburgers and fries. PS They do Carne Asada Fries, as well. :)
4	For being fast food I absolutely love love love Robertos especially on my 3am drunk fast food runs!! I usually order there Carne Asada soft tacos there so delicious from the tortilla to the carne to the guacamole to the cilantro everything on it is delicious. If I don't get that I'll get there carne Asada nachos those are sooo freaking delicious!!! And huge huge portions two people can eat 1 order of the nachos that's how big they are.I have never been disappointed when I eat there.I always take my friends here from outta town after the club or bar and they all agree Robertos is the best fast food place ever!
4	I was at Lake Mead & Rancho and stopped into the gas station that this Roberto's is at and got a chicken Burrito $3.37 wt tax = AWESOME & fast. In South Beach that same Burrito would sell for $9. Just one more reason to be glad I moved outta that place!!The guy who made it, in his haste to put out fast, did wrap some of the paper into the shell but whatever, it came out. The chicken was plentifull and very moist & delicious. The next time I will have to go wt a supreme wt sour cream & cheese. I'm glad there is not a shop close to me bcuz I can see me going there several times a week. Good stuff!!
1	Worst Mexican food I ever had. The burrito is wet, and tasteless. The torta is tasteless also. Even the Pepsi taste weird. And the price is way too expensive for food served on disposable plates. Even Green Burrito inside of Carl's Jr. taste way better.If you see a line at this place, they are waiting for the Starbuck next door. Don't be confused by it.
4	It's actually a Don Tortaco,but same difference. Food is of quality you'd expect from Roberto's.place is clean and fast.
4	When I have consumed too many alcoholic beverages and need some grease in my life this is where to go. Everything I've ever gotten here was delicious and they have a glass window so you can watch the cook prepare your food if you want. I'm partial to the Carne asada fries myself and they never disappoint.
