4	We noticed the new spot and finally made it in. Apparently it's owned by family members associated with Saigon Noodle. It's new, big and clean. It has all the basics: a reasonable looking meat and seafood counter; a vegetable section; some housewares and a small section of Mediterranean spices.A nice addition to the west-side grocery world.
5	Come here for some Asian ingredients you need! It's pretty much Midway but in a way cleaner and bigger place. I like it here. The aisles are bigger and really clean. The service is good too. I got to talk to the owner who apparently was an employee in Midway. I can see myself as a regular here. The BEST Indonesian noodle 'INDOMIE' is also sold here. I have no regrets! Aha! The owner also told me that more Indonesian and other products are coming in two weeks. I know I'll be back!
5	I love this place. It's not that big, but the selection is pretty good for it's size. I don't really shop for produce, so I can't comment on that, but the selection of everything else is quite good (noodles, dumplings, spices, sauces, etc). It's in a great location. Best of all, the three or four times I've gone the service was exceptional. Maybe better than exceptional. The staff would offer to help me without me asking. They would start a friendly conversation with you and even leave the register to help you. Speaking of the register, they're iPads! I thought that was pretty unexpected. I really hope they do well. I've had a blast every time I've gone and really hope to shop here on a regular basis in the future.I've been to Asian Midway, Oriental Shop, J&P, and Viet Hoa (been meaning to check out Yue Wah at some point) and this easily beats all of them in m opinion.
5	After I discovered this store, I quit going to other Asian grocery stores. There are many reasons I like about this store. Extremely helpful and friendly staff. Nice and clean store. Big selection. Produce is fresh and nicely packed. Price is very reasonable. And the iPad checkout tops it all!
4	A-Mart has a great selection of different Asian foods from Korean, Chinese, Japanese to Vietnamese. The prices are pretty fair as well, which is great. The people who work there were fairly nice as well, which is always a plus. =)I will definitely continue to shop here! =D
4	I wished I found this place sooner. I'm so glad I saw their posting on facebook, not sure how, but luckily so. I went the very same weekend I found out about their existence. I couldn't have been happier. The layout of the shop is very spacious, it's air-conditioned and very clean. You have ample space to walk around and do your shopping. They carry all the basic asian food stuff. They are priced very competitively with other asian marts, and have their own specialty to bring to the table.  I found my favorite soy beancurd there. They call it sweet tofu. I simply love those and would never pass them up on every trip to chicago chinatown. This is the first time I've seen it being sold here in Madison *so exciting* I was also looking forward to the sashimi that they say they carry over the weekends, but have no luck as of now. Their bakery items are also a great find. They carry delicious awesomeness from chicago and other regions. For fans of Japanese kit-kats, they carry the macha kit kats and two other flavors directly from Japan! They also have a variety of snacks from the asian region as well. I would make it my regular go-to place for groceries. The fact that it's a stone's throw away from saigon noodles seals the deal. On weekends I could just go to saigon's for their spicy beef weekend special, and then make a stop to A-mart on the way home for some great groceries and tasty snacks.
4	This store closes at 9:00 PM, and at 8:45 PM today, I was craving lapchang. So I got there at 8:50, and I felt so terrible for coming in so close to closing time. But the employees were so nice, and one of them helped me out the whole time. He didn't make me feel bad at all, and I felt like I was very welcome. He told me to take my time and to ask him any questions, which I did. He showed me where to find vegetables and candy. Seriously, some of the best service I've ever received in a grocery store.Everything is clean and well stocked, and the vegetables were fresh and so cheap. In fact, everything is cheap. And the selection is wide and numerous. Warning: $5 minimum to use a card, but that's not as bad at all.I think I find my new asian Mart in Madison, and trust me, I've been looking. Now to try the lapchang the employee suggested (yum!).
