5	We have used Leasures Portraits for numerous photo shoots.  We love their seasonal options, including the Bunny Pictures and the Fall Pumpkin Patch.  If you have kids - this studio is a must!  The staff is creative, friendly and patient.
3	This is the default studio for senior portraits at several schools.  So we made an appointment (and paid the sitting fee).The photographer was nice.  He managed to get some good smiles, and so some good shots.  We had to come back a week later to see the results.  Overall they were good.Then comes the ordering process.  Prices are quite high.  Not sure they are worth the extra cost compared to other studios.  I mean really really pricey.  Just a basic portrait package is in the hundreds.  If you want anything extra (canvas, etc) it's MANY hundreds.  It is literally 10x the cost of Walmart (though you have to provide your own photos there, and Walmart is Walmart...quality is not assured).I would say their pricing here is 2x what it should be, when you consider the multiple poses and the photographer's time (over an hour).  I think part of it is that they know they "got ya" with senior portraits.If I had it to do again I would probably investigate other studios and their pricing policies.  Senior portraits are important, but this was really painful.  My star rating is mostly for the photographer.  If he were "average" I would probably rate this two stars, but he was very good at getting the subject to relax.
5	This is the studio that my orthodontist, Dr. Bryan Garner, recommends his patients to get their post-braces pictures taken at. I went there, not knowing what to expect, and came out a happy girl. I had Trent as my photographer and he was very friendly, quite funny, and made me feel relaxed and comfortable during my photo session. We took several different poses and used different backgrounds throughout the session. I went back the following week to view my pictures and there was only ONE really weird picture, which Sonia eliminated from my choices with the click of a mouse. They show you your proofs via computer and onto a screen on the wall. Pretty cool I thought.The ONLY drawback I have is the prices for pictures. I really was hoping to do a package of portraits but it costs way too much. One picture alone, no matter what size, is $89! It can get pricey doing multiple ones, so I just went with my free 8 x 10 I get to display in Dr. Garner's office. The good thing is they do keep your proofs on file in case you decide to order some later on, which I may do eventually. We'll see.
