5	I actually didn't store anything here, but I still got probably the best service that I've gotten from a storage facility anywhere.When I left the San Francisco Bay Area, I closed by account with the PS there, but I still had $3 left on my account outstanding.  Knowing that I could take care of it at any PS around the country, I went here to get everything finalized and finished.  The proprietor, unfortunately, struggled with the computer system, calling my old PS facility, calling the very unhelpful PS national phone service--he just couldn't get my name to come up in the records.  Nobody seemed able to help him either.  He was remarkably patient and methodical, and really worked persistently to help me finally close my account.  After about 20 minutes, he was able to get the information he needed to get my name to come up on the computer screen.  My account was closed at last, I paid my couple of bucks, and I left knowing that they man I just worked with was a hell of a hard and dedicated worker.  In the future, if I ever need the help of a storage facility in the Valley, I hope this guy is still working at this location then.  I would definitely trust him to take care of my property.
1	Be very careful with this company for your storage needs. They can raise your rent on your unit without notice. The agreement you think your getting is only valid until they feeling like increasing your rent. Usually this happens after a year in my experience. Others have stated sooner. They of course fail to mention this when you sign the paper work.Looking for another storage company asap. Beware with Public Storage.
1	Rude receptionist that refused to help me and told me to go online and make the reservation there. Won't be using their facilities.
1	Don't rent! From this company seriously all they care about is money! There will be a $50 dollar lien hold on you even if you are short $1! They don't wait till your next payment. $34 dollar late fee after the 6th day. Beware!
5	Easy to work with. Quick and simple. Gives great advice when storing. Good place to go to if ASU student looking to store items over the summer.
5	It was super quick process to get started. I called in and they reserved the size room that I needed so when I showed up Brad the onsite manager knew I was coming and had everything ready for me. He was super nice and helpful. Thanks!!
