4	We finally got to Passion 8 and we were not disappointed! Only day 5 and they only have a few timing kinks to work out - which they acknowledged. Our experienced compared with a NYC restaurant. Our server Brian described every detail of the menu - and each dish was spot on and yummy! Jessica, the GM and wife of the chef, was so charming and passionate about the restaurant. This is their life and well as a business and you can tell!! The space is large but they have made it feel intimate, quite, warm (which is hard to do) and most importantly beautiful!  Can't wait to go back for chef's table!  Local chefs need to up their game now that Passion 8 is here!
5	It's about time good taste found its rightful place from Fort Mill to Elizabeth Ave. For ages, I meant to try Passion8 Bistro in Fort Mill, but anytime we had the time to go, it was on a Sunday (on which they were closed). It must have heard me complaining and decided to come to me. :)The stud decided to take me out to dinner Saturday and it was a last minute deal, so we sat in the large bar area at a high top. The space is quite large with the bar separated from the main dining room with a peekaboo architectural wall and a terrace of tables upstairs. The crowd is lively but more mature than the uptown crowd, so think 5Church but grown up. They have some unique cocktails that are quite boozy. I tried one with a pecan orgeat and rum, and hubs had a rye and apple cider cocktail with lavender that was lovely and perfect for fall. The food concept is farm to table, and the menu changes regularly. We started with the butternut squash with walnut oil and fried sage.  Then I had the second course of clams. You don't often see just clams on a menu around here, mainly because mussels tend to be more flavorful. The flavor profile was wonderful- the clams were paired with a smooth arugula pesto, apples and pecans with savory white wine foam and some crispy kale on top. I don't know how they get so much flavor in that foam! Hubs had the braised short ribs with ginger braise over mashed potatoes. The short ribs were the most tender he (or I) had ever tasted. It was pretty incredible. The mash was fine, but nothing amazing. We should note, he also ate all of the small, savory rolls because they were so delicious. I'd echo what Chris H said about the servers- they were all incredibly knowledgable, and apparently had all tried the menu. it's my pet peeve when you ask about a dish and they hadn't tried it. Our server, Amanda, was up there as one of the best servers we'd ever had. Even the guy that brought us utensils was amazingly friendly and informed. Jessica came over and talked with us like we were old regulars. She informed us that they will be open Sundays for brunch in December, along with lunch service.Bottom line: Amazing service, inventive flavorful menu, great interior = one of our new favorite spots. PS, I don't care if it's trendy, the term "fluid gel" should never, ever, ever grace a menu. It's both unappetizing and pretentious.
4	The fella and I live near the Fort Mill location, but we're so glad they moved to Charlotte! There's so much more room at this location, and now I can actually see the menu.We arrived 30 minutes before our Open Table reservation to have a drink at the bar, which is long and spacious and seats about 12 people; there were also a couple of high-top tables near the front window. They had all local beers on tap, but I started with the bartender's recommendation of a Fig Manhattan (cold, bourbon-y, and yummy), and the fella went straight for a Blanton's neat. Bless the bartender's heart, you could hardly see the bourbon in his glass since the pour was so tiny... the fella was not impressed and grumbled a little bit through the beginning of dinner. We moved onto the dining room behind the bar (there's also another one to the side of the bar), and it turns out they can curtain off any of the rooms for private parties. There's also another room upstairs for that specific reason, and there's a glassed-off chef's table that looks into the kitchen and appeared to seat about 10 people. The atmosphere of the entire restaurant/bar is dark and cozy with warm lighting and dark brown wood - perfect for a winter night. Although the atmosphere is intimate and upscale, we still felt totally comfortable in jeans, which I appreciate.Our waitress, Esther, was incredibly knowledgeable about the menu and had definite recommendations when we'd need a judge's ruling. We started with the pork belly (delicious), and then I got the pork of the day as my entree, and the fella got the short ribs. Thankfully, the chef prepared my pork medium rare, so it was incredibly tender, but I think the fella may have won the night since his short ribs were delicious, and his mashed potatoes were "like crack."The staff was full of nervous excitement and chattiness, and I'm guessing that'll calm down a little once they hit a groove, but I appreciated the enthusiasm... now they just need to work on their pours. Overall, a great addition to the Elizabeth food scene!
5	I took my husband to Passion8 for his birthday dinner.  We always meant to try Passion8 at it's Fort Mill location, but for some reason or another, we never did.  I saw that it had moved to Elizabeth and decided to finally give it a try.  I'm so glad we did because it was amazing!  I made a reservation online and received a confirmation email within 24 hours.  When we arrived we were immediately taken to our table (you may not think this is a big deal, but there have been several times we have had reservations at a restaurant and had to wait anywhere from 10-30 minutes for a table).  Our server was Kevin and he was phenomenal.  He was incredibly knowledgeable and passionate about the restaurant and the food.  In fact, we took every recommendation he made because he did such a great job of describing each drink or dish.  We started our evening with cocktails.  My husband had a specialty gin and tonic and I had an apple cider cocktail recommended by Kevin.  Both drinks were fantastic!  We shared the pork belly for our first course and it was delicious...so full of flavor.  For the second course, I had the fall vegetable plate.  The vegetables still had just enough crunch without being too raw and the goat cheese and vinaigrette paired perfectly.  My husband had the market salad and he loved it (which is saying something because he is not much of a salad guy).  For our entree we both had the short rib (recommended by Kevin) and it did not disappoint!  The short rib was cooked to absolute perfection and the wine Kevin suggested paired nicely.  Kevin knew it was my husband's birthday and brought us sweet potato panna cotta.  Holy cow!  Truly one of the most unique desserts I've had.  It was sweet and tart (there was a flavored foam that added the tart taste) and the perfect end to a wonderful meal.  Kevin was kind enough to show us the kitchen so we got a peak at Chef Luca and his team which was really neat.  He also gave my husband a signed birthday card from Passion8.  Definitely a nice, personal touch!  Long story short, Passion8 is warm and inviting with an incredible menu and a great team of people.  I cannot wait for an excuse to go back!
5	Mother of God, this is a wonderful place!!!!We celebrated our anniversary here tonight, and enjoyed everything immensely!The house made charcuterie, the consomme, the fig Manhattan... delicious and satisfying.Looking forward to future great meals here.
3	This is obviously the new darling of the "in" crowd and has many good reviews.  However, I found the food to be average at best.  We started with the cheese tray which was actually the best thing we had all night.  I order the brisket and lobster for dinner.  The brisket was VERY fatty; I didn't have a bite that wasn't at least 50% fat.  Not a bit pleasant and the lobster bisque that topped it had very little flavor and could not save the dish.  My husband had the scallops.  They were great but there was almost nothing else on his plate.  We ended with the sour apple dessert which was simply awful.  They soak the apples in "Pucker" and the dish was dry, sour, and unpleasant.  So, very mixed experience on the food front.Service was attentive but pacing was off.  We didn't receive our dinner until almost 40 minutes after finishing up our appetizer.   Overall, we sat down at 7:00 p.m. and left at 9:45...do the math.   We probably won't be back.
3	If you want to pay $100plus for just above average food and very weird service - you can go here - would not go back - nothing was special
5	I would give them 8 Stars if I could.The fear that the new location would hurt their food is not necessary. Essentially the great food has found a great home in a new and more contemporary setting. Great place. Had the fish of the day last time - cooked to perfection with a light Center all accompanied  by a nice glass all that with dedicated service. Can hardly get any better.
5	I was a huge fan of the Fort Mill location and was thrilled to see that Passion8 was moving into the city where it could truly get the exposure it deserves!  While I was excited for them, I was also a bit nervous about whether they would be able to re-create the dining experience that they had in the old location.  While the new Passion8 is a different experience from the old one, it is exceptional and it is now right up there with any restaurant you will find in Charlotte!We stopped in for Sunday brunch.  This is a new thing for the Passion8 folks and we were excited to try it out.  The atmosphere - while very different from the former location - is charming with high open ceilings, good lighting, and terrariums on the tables.  There was a Bloody Mary bar with basically everything you could ever want to put in a drink.  The brunch menu included some unique takes on classic brunch dishes.  Chef Luca is a culinary artist who has worked all over Europe, and you can see the various influences in his dishes.  The  attention to detail is evident in the presentation.  I got the root vegetable flat bread with goat cheese, cooked nicely with a crispy crust.  I also got to taste some tender brisket and cheese grits.  The service was good, our waiter was attentive without being obtrusive and was well-versed in the menu options.  We have eaten dinner at the old location several times and have always been amazed with the quality of the farm-to-table selections.  Now that there is brunch as well, there is really no reason to miss out on this place.  I am so glad that Passion8 has arrived in the city!  Folks, if you are looking for a nice dining experience in Charlotte, this is THE spot.
3	There are still some kinks to be worked out in the new location  An 8:45 reservation shouldn't mean that we have to wait for a table until 9:30.  Compared to the old location the interior is a little more "sterile."  Some more draperies to hide the high ceilings and lower noise might help.The calamari is still absolutely incredible.
4	Food quite tasty but overpriced in my opinion, as entrees average $30. Came here for a celebratory dinner and ordered the catch of the day (nc amber jack with molasses bacon and veggies). Fish portion was large and meaty - could've sized down in size and price and been equally good. Companion had the brisket with lobster bisque and arancini. This dish was the real winner in my eyes as the brisket was tender and matched well with the bisque. Arancini were fried balls of goodness. We finished with "egg nog cream" for dessert, which was a very high concept presentation of egg nog flavored custard dabs and wedges of ginger crust dusted with all spice and coconut powder. It was interesting and unique but oddly not very sweet. I would say that the pastry chef and the regular chef are not matched here. Overall I liked the local, organic approach but probably would not return based on price/taste.
5	Great food and great cocktails! Definitely get the calamari and try the signature drinks. Love the location in Elizabeth!
5	I was so happy that Passion8 relocated to Elizabeth. I finally get to experience the flavors for myself. The new location is sleek and minimal, with lots of wood. Our meal was terrific. Delicious oysters, charcuterie to start, with the fish of the day and quail for our mains.  All included wonderful combinations of interesting flavors. We will definitely make this one of our regular places.
4	I hadn't been to that area for a while because of all the road work and construction. So I never saw Passion8 there. But man am I glad I went to have brunch with a group of great fellow Yelpers Tonya, Mike, and John. In short, the place was my type.The minute I walked in I was greeted with a warm smile. You know, the one that's cordial. Not the fake ones with a very high note "hello!" After I was directed to the right table, which was behind that purplish curtain, I immediately bonded with the place. I liked it. The high ceiling. Minimal interior decor. Low lighting with apotlights here and there. Brick walls. And hey, I even see a band getting ready for a live jam. Now, some might feel like it was a bit dark for a brunch. I get ya. But it's also preference. If I'm. Ot working and out to eat my technicaaly first meal of the day at 11, then I'm not the most awake man in the world and I want to stay that way. So for me it was perfect. Even the wall being empty was good. I find that paintings are a hit or miss. Rather than grabbing something that can turn some people off, I respext their decision not to put anything up and look minimal.And the food was super. It's all local! Can't get fresher than Passion8. I tried everyone's food and they were all amazing. The egg benedict, brisket, lobster, grits, and my Farm Egg Flatbread was pretty awesome. The best part is that none of what I ate was frozen in a container on the back of a 18-wheeler from Cali. So yeah, I'll be back!
3	I had heard rave reviews of this place ever since I first moved to Charlotte, and more recently, read about Chef Luca when he competed in Fire in the City cooking competition.  Before entering, I made sure my shoes were tied tight - for fear of getting my socks knocked off!  Well, socks weren't knocked off... in fact, I felt like a teenager sneaking into a strip club mid-day, only to be disappointed by the JV squad.  Okay, that's a little harsh but you get the picture (or I can send them to you...)One thing that Chef does extremely well is plating.  Everyone's brunch dishes came out looking absolutely tantalizing.  When Michael N's benedict came out, I immediately regretted ordering my basic, boring toast and eggs.  However, when my dish arrived, I immediately dis-regretted ordering it.  But then, I re-regretted it when Moses S's flatbread came out.  Check out their pics and you'll see that I'm not mis-regretting.  My toast and eggs were fine, but not special... I suck at ordering brunch items not named Bloody Mary.What legit-drags this place down for me is the brunch ambiance.  It was a tad dark and there was live music.  DARKNESS! I can tolerate.  Live music at brunch is absurd and makes no sense.  Brunch has traditionally been for: (a) getting over a hangover; or (b) catching up with friends.  Neither goes particularly well with live music.  Hostesses and Charlie, our server, were genuinely nice and helpful.  Hold onto them tight, P8!Glad I came... wish I ordered better... but likely won't be headed back.dmo out.
