5	Ashley Scott opened this cute little salon along with 2 other stylists... they've been at this location for 6 months or so, and it's so convenient!  Ashley has been doing my highlights and haircuts pretty much since I moved here almost 3 years ago.  I love it because I have no worries when I go to Ashley.  She always gives me a great cut and natural looking highlights.  She's got a great energy about her and the salon itself is colorful, hip, and welcoming!  If you have to wait at all, they have plenty of magazines and a massage chair!  Actually, I've never had to wait more than a few minutes as Ashley keeps her own schedule and is always on time... but I've enjoyed the massage chair when waiting for color to set.If you're looking for a great stylist who will give you personal attention in a casual, fun environment (not a chop shop at all)... give Ashley a call!
5	Ok, here's what we know about me. 1. I want to move into retail spaces. (just at night :) ) 2. I am a Gabi K wannabe and pretty much love everything she does. This leads me to Salon Ami, actually hair stylist extrordinaire Ashely Scott. I have been having trouble finding someone that can 1) blow dry my naturally curly uber thick italian mop so I dont look like a mushroom head and 2) can highlight my hair without frying my hair off or making me look like some hybrid breed of a bengal tiger. So, I went to Gabi K's "girl" and OH MY GOD!!! She is magic. My hair has never looked better. She did some corrective work on my color and it didnt take 6 hours (yes, I have actually sat that long) and the cut is so stylish Jennifer Anniston would be jealous. Thank you Gabi K THANK YOU!
5	So I fly in and out of Phoenix quite a few times a year whether it be for work or to drive up to Flagstaff to see my grandparents.  I haven't had my hair done in eons, and was in the Scottsdale area for work.  So I searched yelp and found this salon, asked for Ashley.  She was able to fit me in after my visit with a client but before a flight.  She was quick, well priced and had a great atmosphere.  The salon reminds me kind of a cozy day spa setting.  What I loved most, I was able to get exactly what I wanted without really telling her what I wanted.  Most of the time, you have to answer the "sooo, what would you like??" question with a "welllll, I kind of want this... or that..."  Instead she just asked, "any rules?"  With that, I walked out very happy and will definitely come by again the next time I am in town.
5	Ashley Scott ROCKS.  I found her on yelp (thanks Gabi!) early this year and I've been bragging about her to everyone I meet ever since. I mean, seriously, this girl has a gift.  Other stylists have given me a color too light or too dark and funky haircuts with styles that I couldn't duplicate on my own. Ashley, however, gives me exactly what I was looking for everytime I see her.Salon Ami is really cute.  Ashley is sweet, fun to talk to, always on time and the prices are right. I highly recommend!!
5	So, it's been almost a year since my FTR on Salon Ami... and Ashley Scott is still doing wonders with my hair!  I saw Ashley again today for highlights and I can't tell you how many compliments I've gotten both on the cut and color.  I know at least a handful of friends and fellow yelpers that have gone to see Ashley and they are all extremely thankful to have found her.  Like Kelly S says, Ashley is gifted... If you are looking for a fantastic stylist, go see Ashley at Salon Ami!
5	I just moved to Scottsdale and found Salon Ami on Yelp.  I made an appointment with Ashley Scott and she was Great!  I really like my haircut and color and she was super friendly.  The salon is really cute, conveniently located, and not pretentious at all.
5	Time for my annual update of Ashley at Salon Ami... and guess what? She still ROCKS!  Not only have I always been satisfied with my hair cut, highlights, and blow jobs (yes, I meant to say that - trying to be funny here)... but Ashley also does wedding hair, and she does it well!On the morning of my wedding, Ashley (and her assistant) came to the hotel where I got married to do wedding hair for me, my bridesmaids, my mom, mother-in-law, and grandmother... although Ashley does up-do styles, we all chose to wear our hair down or just partially up.  We were all pleased with our hair, which says a lot since Ashley managed to work with long hair, short hair, thick hair, thin hair, curly hair, and straight hair... it just goes to show that she does it all!Ashley is actually getting married herself soon and I only hope she has someone doing her hair on her special day that is half as amazing as she is!
1	I'm not sure what all these people are talking about, maybe I'm a fluke, maybe she's better at coloring.  I've had short cuts before, and they never looked this crappy.  I even went back to her to fix and got my 2nd worst hair cut ever.  Its a shame because she seems so nice and I really wanted to like it.  But seriously, worst
5	After having a hard time finding a hair dresser here in Scottsdale I found Ashley on Yelp and was very very happy with my haircut!  Coming from NYC I was used to having top notch hair stylists do my hair so Ashley definietly gets 5 stars from me and I would recommend her to anyone looking for a great cut and style.
2	Perhaps I have high standards or maybe I just got my hopes up after reading fellow Yelpers' reviews, but I don't feel that I got my money's worth with Ashley. I was trying to find a new stylist after moving to Scottsdale. I have thick, wavy brown hair and my stylist back home is truly an artist with color and cuts. Incredible. Anyways, I walk into Salon Ami, which is in an office sort of thing near Junkie and the Lodge, and was immediately baffled. This was no traditional "salon". There was no one to greet me, so I peeked my head into one of the rooms. There were two blonde stylists in the middle of coloring their clients' hair. No introduction from short-haired blonde woman so I assumed the other one was Ashley. Was I extremely early? Did I miss something? Nope. She would proceed to work us both at the same time. Strike one. Ashley wanted me to tell her the exact cut I wanted as well as the colors to use, without being offered a swatch of sample colors. I'm no expert with these matters, which is why I'm entrusting an expert STYLIST to transform my vision for my hair into reality. Maybe I should have just done the cut myself? Strike two. We go to the sinks to wash the color out of my hair and as I'm reclining into the sink bowl I notice the ceiling is water damaged. And the conversation the co-owner was having with another employee...oh my. Yes, girls gossip. But this was beyond X-rated. Wow.  I'll let that strike slide...Ashley puts the glaze in my hair and leaves me all by my lonesome in the sink. I know we don't know each other, but if I'm paying you for the service, the least you can do is make an effort to talk to me. Strike three. And then the cut and style. My layers were longer on one side. The color was just ok. To top it all off, I was told I have "baby fine hair". This was news to me. Then, the bill. $160 for cut and color. Plus tip, it was around $200. I left feeling guilty for the expense, had a mediocre cut, and was ready to try another stylist.
5	I really enjoyed Ashley and Ami Salon. She did a great job, was friendly, and professional. I usually get my hair done when I go to MI because of the quality of the highlights and the price.  The price was very affordable, and the highlights. FANTASTIC!Thanks Ashley. i highly recommend you and Ill be back.
5	I love Ashley & my highlights & cuts! I've been going to her since I moved to East Valley almost 4 years ago. The salon is casual & friendly. It has a new look  that no one has mentioned. Pastries, coffee, tea, soda, candy feed the munchies when u r on the run! Keep it up! She knows what I need every time I go.  Congratulations on ur new baby boy Ash!
5	I have been going to Ashley for 4 years and she has been absolutely wonderful.  I love how laid back she is and she doesn't try to sell you things you don't need like other salons.  She listens to what you want and does a great job.  I have been complimented many times on my hair and I would recommend her to anyone looking for a great hair stylist.
5	I Moved Here From LA 15 Years Ago  And Very Few Here Do Awesome Work On This Level At And Affordable Price,  You Will Find The Rock Star Of A Hair Dressers In Ashley.Her Work Is Amazing,She Is Very Down To Earth The Salon Is Very Cozy With A Masage Recliner To Relax In As Well!Experince Ashley's Fantastic Work For Yourself..I KNow I Will Be Back Again!
5	I've gone to a lot of places before finding a salon I liked.  I tried everything Groupon and LivingSocial had to offer to find the perfect person to so my hair and its through this I came across Ami Salon.  Ashley does a great job, she's amiable and I've never had anything close to an unpleasant experience here.  Also a cut and highlight is at a completely reasonable cost.  I highly recommend this place as long as your not competing with me for an appointment!
1	I had a similar so-so experience with Ashley at Ami Salon.  I purchase a Groupon which included a cut, color, deep conditioning treatment, and style.  My understanding is that these specials are used to attract new clients...  That did not work with me.  There were no suggestions given when asked what would be a good look and color was not what I wanted.  Then, I was rushed out of there without receiving the deep conditioning treatment or a style/blow dry because she had somewhere else to be.  It is my thought that you should not leave a hair salon without a style because you do not have an opportunity to see if you like the finished product or not.  And, I do not think it is a best practice to send a client out with wet hair!So, I received 50% of what I purchased and services rendered were subpar.  I would keep looking...
5	Here's an update! I took my neighbor into see Ashley @ Ami Salon. She had one of the 'specials' to get her cut, color & styled. Ashley did a fabulous job, as usual!  The cut was just what she wanted & the color was fabulous!!  Thanks Ashley for fitting us both in together. 'B' was so impressed with her hair, I KNOW she will be back. We felt welcome & in good hands & Ashley took @ least 10 years off each of us.  She went over & above booking the appts too and I love the suggestions & advice on how to keep the styles up. When I leave the salon my hair looks & feels beautiful. We will be back. No one touches my hair but Ashley!!
4	After searching for awhile I found my hair place Great service and reasonable prices Loved my hair and I liked the approach my stylist took
5	Ashley is incredible!  I did a lot of research when I had to find a new stylist (mine moved last year) and I couldn't have landed in a better spot.  Ashley has done an amazing job on my color and cut, and I would recommend her to anyone.  On top of that, she is friendly, listens, and makes great recommendations. The salon is also updated, quaint, and professional.  I am so happy I found her!
