4	Thrift shops and superlatives naturally don't mix too well together, but this is the oldest charity shop in Scotland.  That fact alone is pretty impressive and so is the collection of donated book available in here, amidst the usual charity shop mainstays.I managed to spot popular classics such as Catch 22, Great Expectations and a huge pile of Goosebumps (remember those!) all at the expected dirt cheap price.
3	This is very much a traditional charity shop, much as you would expect with it being the oldest charity shop in Edinburgh as its shop front boldly proclaims.  By this I mean that you have the majority of the shop dedicated to clothes, a small book section and some old tapes, Cd's and DVDs.  It's main asset is its staff who are all very friendly.It's fairly typical, everything is reasonably cheap, but what I feel lets it down is the fact that it doesn't specialise.  In this area you have specific charity shops and I can tell you where to get most of the items this shop sells cheaper if you are willing to visit a load of shops.  All round this is pretty good for value, but in no area does it excel which means that if you want something specific you can get it cheaper elsewhere.
4	I bought one of my most hilarious items of clothing here. A pastel pink and purple and blue jump suit. Which I assume must be for pregnant women, 'cause my midriff just swims around in it. I mean, I didn't buy it because I planned on wearing it loads. I bought it for a pink-themed party. And then it became my study suit. I figured that if I wore it, then I'd be too embarrassed to walk out of the house and procrastinate. It lasted for a while, but then I remembered that dignity and I had not kept in touch for a while and that plan went WAY out the window.This place is pretty cool, and pretty standard as far as thrift shops go. What's great is that there's a Thrift Shop 2 somewhere around the corner (I spotted it when I was taking a cab home from the airport and I went through Polwarth and was wondering if this was number 2, where was number 1, which evidently, is this one). Long-winded tangent. Apologies.Prices are standard, wellies are plentiful. The staff has never openly laughed at how ridiculous I looked in the clothes I'm wearing. Which brings me wild comfort. Perhaps they're just trained in laughing quietly on the inside.
