5	Brelby is a new theatre company in the west valley that is opening in hopes of providing a new theatrical venue to local artists.  They're a company that promotes the growth of an artist in a realm that you might not have tried before.  It is a place that I look forward to seeing grow and expand to be place the entire valley knows to go for amazing theatre experiences.
5	A friendly and intimate community theater full of fun, great talent and wonderful staff.  Nestled in the heart of downtown Glendale's antique district this theater is a hidden gem waiting to be discovered.  Ticket prices are very reasonable. Bring the whole family and friends.  Have a meal and drinks at any one of the close by restaurants and have a fantastic and affordable evening.
4	A gem of a theater located in downtown Glendale. The creative cast and production crew put on imaginative shows from Shakespeare to world premire independent productions.
5	I just watched one of the best productions that I have ever seen on any stage. "She Kills Monsters" by Qui Nguyen, produced by the Brelby Theatre Company in Downtown Glendale, was PHENOMENAL! The story is every nerd's greatest glory on a stage, and touches the soul of the struggle of LGBTQ identities. Only $20, but worth so much more. Go, and be moved!The theatre itself is a wonderful addition to the Downtown Glendale scene! And what a great lineup of shows they have on their calendar. As a lifetime resident of Glendale but a first time visitor to Brelby, I can say that I feel such a stronger kinship with our scenic downtown from this experience; thank you Brelby Theatre Company!
5	Not only are the owners both down-to-earth and waaaaay up in the clouds of imagination and creativity, but they are friendly, encouraging, and have provided a safe haven for artists of all types to collaborate and create new art to share with others. I definitely recommend supporting them!
4	We attended revenge of the space pandas. Thoroughly enjoyed the performance. Looking forward to returning.
4	Great little place to see a play! While browsing around Glendale think of getting a bite to eat or wander around and see one of their shows.It's a small intimate theater for live entertainment and a small crew and cast. They have matinee shows and some evenings. We recently went on a Sunday to see "The 12 days of Christmas" which is the story of a couple who have been together for 12 years and after he doesn't propose and she breaks up with him she kindly gives him 12 Days to win her back.We love love love live shows that are imaginative and heartwarming and hope to see more in the future.They also offer an unlimited pass for all the shows they do should you want to give a gift to someone.Support the arts and live theater!
