1	WOW, a lot of you know that I am very easy going person. And it takes a lot to put me on edge.I just got off the phone with Danny's Family Car Wash corporate office, to report that one of their workers accidentally broke an expensive phone holder in my car a couple weeks ago. I wouldn't make a big deal about this, however, it was a very awful customer service experience and I wanted to share it with my sphere:1. It took them two weeks to call me.2. The person I spoke to claimed to have called me last week, but he did not.3. They refuse to pay for it because they said their worker didn't break it.How would they know? They weren't even there?They made no attempt to remedy the situation. The first thing the person at the corporate office said was they aren't going to replace it because the store manager said they didn't break it. The Manager was in his office when it happened, how would he know?This company seems to not care at all to satisfy their customers one bit. There was no apology, no remorse, no nothing.After speaking to the person at the corporate office, I told him that I was going to post my experience on FB and he said, "Now you are going to extort me?"REALLY??? I can't believe that they would rather have a customer upset with them instead of trying to work it out. I used to love bringing my car to Danny's Family Car Wash, but it seems that they have become a shady company, with the whole police raid fiasco.ARGH! I am all about treating a customer right and providing excellent customer service. I also believe in second chances, so if they see this post and decide to contact me and make it right, I will update/retract this post. But right now, I am just super upset with how I was treated. I love to support my local businesses, but if they don't treat their customers right, then what's the point?If you also had a bad experience with Danny's Family Car Wash, please share it here with others. Let's try to convince this company to take action towards better customer service. ~ Take Care & God Bless.
1	Terrible service at the Service on 83 and Union Hills , the ticket writer was inconsiderate and rude .  I would never get my car detailed because of his lack of customer service. Mycheal
1	DO NOT GO TO THIS car wash( go to Cobblestone). They gave me back my car with a flat tire and did nothing to fix it saying it was my fault. I'm disgusted with their client service and will not be going there anymore, I will now drive 15 minutes out of the way to go to Cobblestone where they give 5 star service! Also at one of their locations they stole my mothers phone then when she threatened to get a cop they randomly "found her phone on the floor" they are all a bunch of crooks from the ppl who do the car washes all the way to the ppl who run corporate. Do not go here.
