1	Crap food.
2	On two occasions I've been, dining area was clean and counter and drive-through help was courteous.    Don't care much for JIB food in general - I like Jack's advertisements more than the food, but my iced coffees were good and not nauseatingly sweet.  I'm not set against fast food or chain restaurants but the more I thought about Jack's basic food offerings that I've tried, I couldn't quite keep up that 3rd Star, though I'll grant honorary one for the iced coffees and the courtesy at the counter and window on my two visits to this location, which I believe has a 24 hour drive through service.
2	Really not the first Jack in the Box we should have tried. On the upside the food was good and that really made us want to try out a different location so that we have a better experience on the whole.The real drawbacks for this particular location were the staff and the dining room area.  The cashier wasn't rude, but definitely wasn't friendly.  We walked up and her first words were "What do you want?" which is getting to the point of ordering, but maybe not the best way to start an order off. Once our food came up we didn't get any napkins on our tray and there weren't any out, so we had to go back up to ask - which is odd at a fast food place with mostly all of the food requiring you to use your hands. We also noticed that the people before us and after us had to ask for napkins also, so this wasn't a one time thing. They also didn't have any condiments out so we ended up going back up for that as well (but not sure if this is normal protocol for Jack in the Box?). As for the dining room there were maybe ten tables (guesstimating) and only two were sorta clean, the rest were obviously a mess with trays and food on some and crumbs and used napkins on others - they also stayed that way throughout our meal (about 20 minutes) despite there not being a line for a lot of that time and a fair amount of staff on hand.Overall: C-The food was good, but we will definitely be trying out other locations and not going back to this one.
