3	A very popular bakery that serves breakfast bagels and lunch pizza.  You serve yourself and pay into a box.  Get there early, because they run out of their very limited selection quickly.
5	There's many things to like about this place. 1. The sourdough bread. It's the best tasting sourdough I've ever had, and also the best looking. Take a loaf home and make a grilled ham and cheese. It'll blow you away. 2. The croissants. They're fairly dark in colour, and have a sweetness to them. Nice and flaky, and a perfect accompaniment to a cup of coffee on a Saturday morning. 3. The pizza. Nice, thin, slightly crispy crust. Real mozzarella, and interesting toppings. 4. It's on the honour system. As another reviewer said, this makes everyone look like an idiot the first time in, but I think it actually saves time. You don't have to wait in line or anything -- go in, grab what you want, and dunk your cash in the box. The staff are always happy to make change, if need be. I've heard that the honour system actually treats them quite well -- their theft percentage is actually fairly low. Certainly lower than you might imagine. One minor quibble: it's nearly impossible to get a seat here on a Saturday morning, which is my favourite time to go. It's bustling and energetic, then and it's fun to watch the different kinds of people who come through the door. I don't think they should expand their cafe space (they'd lose some of the ambiance, I think). I guess I'll just have to keep coming here, and fending for a table.
5	A great place to finish after a run on the Iron Horse Trail. Nice and warm inside due to the wood fired oven.  Really like their date squares.   Often full, but we don't mind sitting outside on the deck beside the Christmas tree.
4	A thin crust portobello pizza was fresh out of the wood-fired oven and waiting for a taker, when we dropped by on our way home from work. Cash only honor system for payments is a neat novelty (but it meant we had to make an extra stop at a nearby bank machine beforehand). Get there well before 6 pm to be sure they're still serving pizza before closing.
4	We love their cheese buns, croissants and pizza slices--and look forward to trying their other offerings as the occasions arise. Their bagels are pretty good, but very different from the dense, sweetish, Montreal-style bagels that are my favourite (and which, to me, are the quintessential bagel--and are usually evocative of, but not quite as good as, *actual* Montreal bagels, from Fairmount or St Viateur--YUM!), so I tend not to be a big fan of other "bagel-shaped offerings" that are available in most places. These ones are fine, and are distinctive, and I'm sure some people love them. But back to the good: at the moment, I have one of their delicious, buttery (and gigantic) croissants waiting for me at home. I usually have the croissant over two meals (I've not got a super large appetite), and their cheese buns over three meals (they honestly are gigantic. Even my husband, who is a reasonably hearty eater, will split one of those over two meals unless he's really famished!).And yeah, they're serious about the honour system. My husband was stopping there a few weeks back and didn't have enough money (cash only). They told him to "just pay the rest the next time you come by." Of course, because we're not used to that in our society--and I get paranoid about forgetting!--I stopped by there the next time I was close by, later that day, and put the amount owing into the box. The seating area does tend to get a bit packed, as mentioned by other reviewers. Still, they're an institution in K-W, and as such, definitely worth a try.
4	The bagels there are so amazing!  Will never buy a bagel from another store again.
4	Somehow, for me anyway, the second location on Ottawa at Charles, has much better customer service.
1	Have these folks changed their recipes lately? Their bagels used to be closer to Montreal-style bagels (at least a little), but I got some today and they were glorified buns - soft squishy things with a hole in the middle. The bread I got today was similar - light and fluffy. It could have been Wonderbread inside the artisanal crust. Gone was that dense glutinous chewy satisfying full mouthfeel... I was extremely disappointed. We're going to give these guys a few more chances, but based on my experience today, City Cafe Bakery has stopped making the kind of bread products that made them special to us. It was so disappointing!
4	Great spot. Awesome bread, very good pizza, great bagels.
2	Two stars because employees aren't nice, food is okay
5	Exceptional experience, great staff super fresh baked goods a great way to start the day. My gf and I have made it routine to enjoy breakfast here every weekend. Super fresh Montreal style bagels, delicious cinnamon raisin buns, huge flaky croissant's and much much more make up their selection. I've only came in the morning, I've heard there they got great offerings throughout the day and it differs from day to day. Its a must have place to check out just sit back relax enjoy quality fresh baked goods and converse.  To add... Something about their coffee, its really good.
