1	Just read CP's review and I must add my ditto to the 1 star rating.  Of late, I have also been disappointed with the baked goods at La Grande.  Particularly the TC sweets.  After my last visit, where the coffee cake was dried out and what I thought to be "old" and the 1/2 frozen cup cake, I said no more.  I didn't even try to return it, because I felt the superiority vibe of the place and figured they don't need me or my dollars.  The only item they offer that is unique is the english muffins.  Sorry not enough in my book to bother with.
2	I have been a fan of her site for ages and finally decided to splurge and purchase a cake for a baby shower.  I have to say - we were not too impressed.  While pretty to look at and include in pictures, the fondant had several tears in it - and it didn't taste all that great either.  The buttercream was fairly flavorless and overly greasy.  This was served to a room full of pregnant or lactating women and no one finished the piece of cake on their plate.
5	this was hands down the best birthday cake i've ever had.my girlfriend surprised me with it and was impressed with the crazy cake master skills tammie coe displayed while making it. she said she looked like a crazed scientist concocting a new potion, but kudos to tammie coe and her wild cake making skills. my gf went in there the day of my birthday, claimed she dropped my previous cake, and tammie whipped up a new one right away.i loved the colors, not too feminine and not too masculine, somewhere right in the middle (like myself). the fondant was gorgeous, i loved the stripes and it tasted delicious (i had never had it before). the inside was filled with chocolate cake, white chocolate mousse, and raspberry - there couldn't have been a more delicious combination!if you really want to impress someone special with a cake, tammie coe is surely the one to provide you with it.
1	Like their competitor Sprinkles, Tammie Coe is just way to sweet for me. Their frosting is heavier and their is just something in their cupcakes that makes me wonder what is that? As much as my coworkers enjoy both Tammie Coe and Sprinkles, I pass everytime someone brings them in as I am just not a fan. For those that enjoy them, by all means I am not mad at ya. Just don't understand what all the fuss is about.
1	In the world of cakes, there's somehow an unspoken rule that if it's pretty, it's okay to be subpar in taste and moistness. In my world, this does not compute. It needs to be as tasty as it is pretty. Period.So I can only give kudos to the artfulness of a Tammie Coe Cake, but nothing more. Cakes where you are told to remove the fondant and then eat it... that's not right--you should be able to eat it all--and yummily so. If you like the taste of fondant... you've got to be kidding me--Yucky!So take my review or leave it. I just think a cake needs to be tasty and moist first and pretty second... less of course it's for a wedding, than it needs to be both EQUALLY. Who has ever said no to an ugly but great tasting cake? Not me. So I'm putting my foot down and saying I won't eat a cake or cupcake that isn't tasty to me.Now, I must state that I am more a fan of cake than frosting. Frosting is secondary to me. So if you are more for frosting than for cake, ignore my note and have at all the Tammie Coe's and Sprinkles of the world--and have mine... no really, go ahead.If there IS frosting--for me and others like me, a little bit of frosting goes a long way with one exception: If it's Whipped Cream Frosting... then BRING IT ON! I like frosting's more subtler relative so if it's a Whipped Cream Iced cake, I won't make it a point to get an inside piece, or scrape off the icing at all as I would a basic frosted cake.Anyway, Tammie Coe's cakes or cupcakes don't do it for me. If I have to partake in one of her treats, I'd shoot for her pastries or cookies before cake or cupcake.As for MJ Bread, I have no complaints there... their breads really impressed. I can't remember which CenPho restaurant I had my first taste of MJ bread, but I remember being V E R Y impressed.
5	I'm a huge fan of Tammie Coe cakes for both artistry and taste.  The cakes I've had (probably 5 or more) have consistently been moist, tasty, and beautiful.This past December, I had them create a custom cake for my son's 3rd birthday.  He specifically asked for this cake (patterned after his favorite toy) and I knew Tammie Coe could deliver.  All I sent them was a one dimensional jpeg of the toy and they produced a 3 dimensional cake that friggin' rocked.The cake really turned out perfectly (see my photos) and my son was THRILLED.  It was pretty large and we ate it for a week (and it was surprisingly still moist).  The price was reasonable, relative to the size and detail, and the customer service was excellent.
5	I had my first Tammie Coe cake recently and I thought it was one of the best tasting cakes, ever. I've had cakes from other Phoenix-area cakes that were good, but this was great. It was moist, flavorful and beautiful to look at. I'm looking forward to getting more of her treats in the future.
5	I love Tammie Coe Cakes
5	I am writing this review strictly on the cupcakes, I have not and do not wish to try anything else, but the cupcakes are amazing.  My friends and I had a cupcakes and champagne party for my birthday - everyone brought cupcakes from different places around town for a side-by-side taste test and Tammie Coe's Ooey Gooey's won hands down.  Warning: If you do not like frosting, you will not like Tammie Coe's Cupcakes.  There isn't a ton of frosting, but a fair amount so if you are one of those that likes scant amounts of frosting, this isn't for you. Other notables from Tammie are the Coconut and Red Velvet - they are always crowd pleasers.  Great frosting, great cake and wonderful colors/designs, Tammie Coe's are great to take or have at a party....or even have LGO deliver to your car on your way home from work. :)
5	We order these cakes every time it's someone's birthday and we have been happy every time. They look amazing and they taste delicious. I've also had the cupcakes....yum! Be sure to try the coconut cupcakes...they are the best!
4	When you want a seriously unique and, how to say it... "modern" looking cake to impress the esthetically inclined, Tammie Coe.When you want the secret to the best Sliders ever, Tammie Coe (well... MJ) Slider Buns.Coupled with access to MJ Breads, this is a local gem.
4	So they are a little expensive, and a little on the sweet side, but with a glass of milk and a friend, they are delicious.  Don't miss the coconut or the red velvet cupcakes!  The regular cakes are a little too sweet for my taste, even though the ooey gooey is supposed to be acclaimed.  I'd just stick with the cupcakes.
4	Tammie Coe. Red Velvet. cupcakes.are my dangerous obsession... they're so good, so creamy, so delicious, so yummy. that when i bite into one my enjoyment is followed by this weird guilt that i'm cheating on my diet... well i am but tammie coe red velvet cupcakes and i will carry on our illicit affair, it's passionate, it's love and no one can judge. damn you diet stop judging and giving me that look. oh red velvet.... love. yum.
5	Not cheap, not healthy, but nothing better.  In this crazy world of cupcakes on every corner, Tammie Coe does it right.  Simply put- right combination of cake and icing.  Love them.  Don't ask/worry about the price, just order and em.
3	I'm a cupcake connoisseur.  I truly believe they are one of the best treats one can have.When I travel (which is often), I find myself compelled to look for the best cupcake that city has to offer. After scouring Yelp!, I found Tammie Coe. It looked promising, but I found it odd that two locations so relatively close to one another differed in ratings and reviews as drastically as they did. So, I decided it was my civic (and culinary) duty to try cupcakes at both.This location has Red Velvet, Ooey Gooey and Coconut available.  I opted against trying the latter because I'm just not a coconut fan.Ooey Gooey -- One thing I enjoy about this cupcake is how jovial it is.  It is pure joy in small cake form.  They come covered in sugar crystals -- in a variety of colors!  This cupcake looked better than it tasted, sadly.  Now, it was good.  But it wasn't amazing.  The chocolate cake was a bit dry and the icing was somewhat pedestrian.  Perhaps I've become too much of a cupcake snob, but I sincerely cannot tell a lie -- when it comes to cupcakes!  Truth be told, I feel this cupcake suffered from being a tad too old -- and kept it far too cold of an environment.Red Velvet -- This is the cupcake I use as my way to judge all bakers.  This cupcake is a classic.  Now, Tammie puts a spin on this classic that is extremely unique.  Their red velvet is not made with traditional southern chocolate.  It seems they use a vanilla based cake for their red velvet.  While I'm not sure that constitutes this cupcake to be called a red velvet any longer, I will say -- WHO CARES!  Their red velvet in a sweet, vanilla cake with a vanilla cream cheese frosting that is coated in red sugar crystals.  It was moist, flavorful, not overly sweet.  It is a very fine cupcake. Not the best I've had -- but it is up there and deserves praise.One thing I'd like to point out is that unless you order ahead, you need to buy your cupcakes at La Grange Orange Grocery (or LGO as the locals call it).  The service there was wonderful.  They even let me pick whatever color ooey gooey I wanted.  That being said, when we walked into Tammie Coe (not knowing we had to buy from LGO), we were treated fairly -- cold.  The woman in the bakery looked at us as though we didn't get the memo.  She spoke to us with great disdain and sent us packing.  It really put me off -- but, I try to just judge the food.  And since you don't need to deal with that bakery to eat their cupcakes, I'll just thank my lucky stars!
3	The red velvet frosting is just too sweet with the sugar crystals.Their cakes are expensive but are high quality.
5	I'd pick salty indulgences over sweet almost every time. However, there are those times when only something perfectly sweet will do. I love a expertly crafted baked good and these cupcakes are right on the mark. The frosting was rich and creamy, albeit a little overabundant for my tastes but that's an easy fix. The red velvet cake was moist, chocolatey and the perfect shade of burgundy. I normally don't indulge in red velvet, especially in a cupcake format because it tends to be so dry, but that wasn't the case with this little treat.I went online to investigate Tammie's operation and found that just one cupcake was $5. Unless you have a whole lot of of disposable income, throwing a party and serving these treats may not be an option. Instead, next time you're entertaining, pick up a few to amp up the glamour for your guests.
1	Tammie Coe's work looks incredible. I wish I could review it based on flavor, but I cannot. Here's why: My mother-in-law, thrilled at expecting her first grandchild, ordered Tammie Coe cakes for my baby shower. When she went to pick them up...WHOOPS!! Tammie Coe forgot to make them. 30 guests, catered lunch, no desserts. She ended up giving us pre-made cakes out of her freezers, and we forgave...after all, mistakes happen, right? Even to very high-end bakers with huge followings and even huger price tags....right? Fast forward a few years to my sister's bridal shower. Sister's having a destination wedding in Switzerland, in a castle in the Alps. Hostess throwing the shower wants to go along with the theme and have 30 individual Swedish "Princess Cakes" for dessert, which happen to be a favorite of the bride. We search high and low all around Phoenix to find someone other than IKEA who makes these unusual cakes (IKEA's are frozen, and who's got freezer space for 30 cakes??). But guess who makes them to order? Tammie Coe!!! She even remembers us from the baby shower a few years prior, and has the good sense to redden in the face over that embarrassing memory. We all share a good laugh over silly mixups, place the order, and pay nearly $300 for it. Shower day comes, we go to pick them up, these delicious, bride-requested, dream-wedding themed 30 cakes, and....WHOOOOOPS!!!! Tammie Coe forgot to make them. AGAIN. Seriously???? Yes, seriously. At this point, either Tammie Coe has some weird passive aggressive objection to my family's happy occasions, or she just sucks and can't get her business together. Note to Tammie Coe: if you're going to make a habit of forgetting to make pricey, occasion-driven baked goods, DON'T DO IT TWICE TO THE SAME FAMILY. Or maybe this is just how she rolls, and forgetting to follow through with orders is a common theme? Either way, bad business model. Ta ta, Tammie Coe. Never, never, ever again.
2	I LOVE the look of Tammie Coe's vibrantly colored fondant masterpieces. I LOVE the ooey gooey icing. I LOVE the moistness in the red velvet cupcake.HERE'S WHAT I REALLY, REALLY DON'T LIKE:I had a Zebra cake for my 22nd birthday from LGO made by Tammie Coe. I was pleased with the whole shebang. For my graduation from nursing school, my mom decided to order me a specially made cake from Tammie Coe's. She requested "jewel tone" colors; emerald green, deep blueberry purple, and a garnet like color. The lady who helped her was rude, cold, and short. She told her to "remember that this is fondant, and those aren't jewel tones, jewels don't come in those colors." My mom just urged that they make sure they are rich, deep colors because those are my daughters favorites. Welp, I picked up a lime green, hot pink, and baby lavendar cake.AND AS IF THAT'S NOT BAD ENOUGH:My mom paid extra to have a stethoscope and graduation cap placed on top of the cake. There were obvious thumb prints all over the stethoscope and the silver from the stethoscope was smeared all over the top of the cake. When I got home I took out my painter's brushes, cleaned off a fan brush, and then meticulously cleaned up their mess with water and patience. As they should have done.For the price, I'd expect the Tammie Coe staff to be respectful and courteous to all of their customers, but especially to my mother. Furthermore, the work should not be sloppy and the color should be what was ordered. Tammie Coe did not deliver.
3	I absolutely LOVE Tammie Coe cakes, cookies, breads etc. etc! I treat myself all too frequently to her heavenly food when eating at La Grande Orange.My sister's bridal shower is approaching and I thought I would make the cake extra special by ordering a Tammie Coe cake.  To serve 60 people, they quoted me $500-$700!  Let's meet in the middle and say the cost ended up being $600, that's $10 a person for cake!  I was so bummed at the price quoted, and then did the math and was so shocked, I had to write a review.The cake is beyond great and beautiful...but in my opinion, its simply a crime to charge anyone $10 per serving of cake :(5 stars for flavor, 1 star for price...because I have to commit to a star rating, giving a 3.
4	My mother was lucky enough to win a $300 gift certificate to this place.  We used it for my husband's 30th bday party cake.  They were able to accomodate me and my special decorating requests for the cake.  I appreciated that.  However, they fought me on the frosting request.  I happen to hate fondant, but was told that's really all they use and if I didn't want to eat it I could just pick it off.  Yes, I suppose that's true, so they won.  In the end the cake looked amazing.  It was a surprise for my hubby but he went with me to pick it up.  He was surprised and loved the decor.  Tammie was there when we picked it up and she seemed genuinely happy that he liked it.  Staff helped me load it in my car.  My guests loved the decor and taste of the cake.  I got chocolate cake with chocolate fudge filling.  It was pretty good- $300 dollars good-? not so much.  I did get the chance on a separate occasion to taste the coconut cake; WOW!  Very good!
5	On Saturday two friends and I were in Old Town Scottsdale for lunch. We were craving dessert and a friend suggested LGO. Friend no.1 had her eye on a dessert at LGO. Nothing caught our eye for me and friend #2. I'm familiar with Tammie Coe, but have only had items of hers from Whole Foods or AJs.  I saw the sign and suggested Friend no. 2 and I walk over. The minute friend #2 and I walked in Tammie Coe's we were welcomed with open arms. We enter only to see not the regular bakery atmosphere, instead Ammie and two others are working away at creating delicious yummies out in the open.  She asked what we were craving and we mentioned "CHOCOLATE" something LGO didn't have that day. Tammy walks over, gives us a sour cream sugar cookie and OMG! amazing. I ordered the ooey gooey and it was delicious! As we were leaving Tammie gave us a sample of buche de noel, this delectable treat was maybe the best dessert i've ever had. As mentioned before I've heard of Tammie Coe but I had no idea how involved she is in her business. She was friendly, inviting and a true delight. Tammies desserts were wonderful but her warm personality and hospitality were equally delightful.
4	Special event?  Tammy creates amazing cakes.  I have ordered twice.  Good stuff.
5	Wow!! U have to stop in. Not cheap but they give u a bunch of free day old stuff. The pretzel croissant is soooo yummy and so is the apple oatmeal cookie.They also have GORGEOUS custom cakes. They really have fondant mastered
4	Never fear for Tammie Coe's cookies and cakes are still near! I nearly cried when I found out that Tammie Coe's cakes and cookies wouldn't be served at LGO anymore, but then I realized that I could still visit the bakery for my sweet tooth fix! Phew! I absolutely love her baked goods. Recently, I purchase a package of her burger buns for burgers and they are fresh, fluffy and tasty! My go-to treats are her delectable cookies, especially the chocolate ones and the apple cinnamon cookie. The apple cookie has real apples in it! Do yourself a favor and find a way to try some of Tammy Coe's delicious treats!
5	Delicious, delightful, and decadent little pieces of art work...that you get to eat : )Doesn't get much better.
5	In one brief visit, I found out everything I ever needed to know:Samples galore, everything was delicious.I went for cupcakes, and left with a red velvet cupcake and coconut cupcake, very fun looking and equally delicious, as well as blueberry banana bread. Not only will I be stalking tammie coe for this bread, I'm going to try to make a sub par copy at home, and I don't bake. It was amazing. I didn't find the prices to be ridiculous either. 2 cupcakes & a slice of bread were around $10.My waistline is not shrinking, and for this place, I don't care!
5	Excellent breads and cookies.  Free samples tend to cause you to buy more than you planned.  The regular reason for the 20 mile trip back to this locations is the Fruit and Nut breads.  Raisin bread was the standard, but we picked up the fig bread for a change and it might become the new standard.  If you are a bread snob, then you will like Tammie Coe Bakery.  I am certain they have something which will please any palate.  Oh and BTW this place is expensive.....
4	Come for the handmade, rustic goodness, stay for the copious amounts of free samples, leave with a dozen cookies you don't need (because you sampled so many things that you feel too guilty not to.)Well played, fellas. Well played.
4	Having Tammie Coe & MJ Bread move into my neighborhood truly changed our day-to-day.  Though the cakes are pretty and I'm sure the baked goods are great too (they always have samples so you can find out) it is the MJ Bread that rocks our world.  We buy delicious whole grain bread from our local baker - have it sliced and the PB&J's are a beautiful kind of new!  We love the Ciabatta, the sourdough, the batard- they all make their way to the porch and get enjoyed by all the family & neighbors every week.  The only problem is if you don't get their early enough you may miss out on your favorite loaf.  We don't typically despair -- just try something new.
