5	I booked a private pole dance class here for a bachelorette party. It was AMAZING! None of us had any experience with this sort of thing and we didn't know what to expect. At first we were all a little unsure of ourselves and the routine, but Lindsay was incredibly accommodating and in no time we were having so much fun with it! (And after we begged her, she was nice enough to show us her own amazing routine!) The routine she taught us consisted of chair, floor, and pole work. You can play your own music and she gave us time to get a feel for the pole.After the class, all the girls raved about how much fun they had and how unique of an experience it was! I would highly recommend this place for parties and I am looking forward to bringing friends here to work out!
5	I took a pole choreography class with Lindsay and had a great time! She was very knowledgable and helpful. If I lived in the area I would definitely go back!
5	Hands down THE BEST pole gym in the Phoenix metro area and I've been to them all!Lindsay is the sweetest, most patient teacher anyone new to this type of workout could ask for! You never, ever leave feeling frustrated or incompetent, because she is with you every step of the way to make sure you don't fall flat on your face, or hurt yourself.The prices are great, the instructors are phenomenal and the atmosphere is super fun too.. Cannot say enough good things about this place!
5	The best pole dance studio!  If you are serious about learning pole tricks this is the place to go.  Lindsay is a fantastic teacher, so easy to learn from her.  You are on the pole learning tricks the entire time after the warm up.  I wasted 4 months at another studio where they want you to go to their studio for a year so they only teach you pole for 1/4 the time of the lesson the rest of the time is too much warming up always the exact same (which gets boring) and other sexy dance moves, which I'm not there to learn to dance I want to learn pole tricks.  Also, the other Tempe studio only has 4 poles in a class room and the instructor is on one so you are always taking turns on the pole.  At Prowess there are enough poles for everyone in the class. Additionally, Prowess teaches on spinning 45 mm poles which are the poles that are in competitions.  At the other the poles are 50 mm static, which is considered an older style.  The 45 mm is so much easier to grip then the bigger 50 mm.  I have found it so much easier w/the poles at Prowess and it's great to learn both spinning and static tricks.  As you can tell I'm glad I found this studio!
5	Lindsay Green is Amazing...if you want fun mixed with fitness look no further than Prowess, you will not be disappointed.
