4	It's hard to complain about At One Yoga. The atmosphere is lovely and the instructors truly know their stuff. Cinta at the Phoenix location gives an incredible, truly amazing performance in her Tuesday/Thursday Hot Yoga class. She offers tons of individual feedback and is tough, tough, tough!But of course I have something to complain about, and it's the price. $20 for a drop-in class? Seriously? I don't know who can afford that on any kind of a regular basis. Apparently, they're out there, but I'm not among the elite class. Sorry. At this price At One will never be my regular yoga spot. I suppose they're ok with that.
5	I LOVE At One Yoga. I seriously would go there every single day - maybe twice a day -  if it wasn't so damn expensive. Why is it so expensive??? Boo hoo. Anyway, price aside - I think this is one of the best Yoga spots I've ever been too. They have tons of classes at convenient times, great instructors, spacious clean and comfortable rooms and a great variety of classes and instructors too. I really like Jen C and Sarah B. The Flow classes rock and the hip hop class is the best thing ever. The classes at the Scottsdale location are better than the Phoenix location, but I'm not sure why. I think they are more intense in Scottsdale.To be honest with you, I tried Yoga dozens of times and never really liked it until my experience with At One Yoga. So thank you At One Yoga - you introduced me to a new love...that I can't afford.
5	ok so this is where I had my first and right now only Yoga class...I had been shooting for a Yoga and Pilotes videos and when I wanted to work out had been doing the videos...well when one of the strangers I met taught Yoga I thought it was time to do a class...I did the basic Yoga with Jen teaching....hour and a half but lots of fun...what I really liked is that it pushed me to do some types of yoga I never even thought about trying...."playing" with the arm standy thing was just amazing...the other thing I liked is even though it was beginer I still felt like I got a good Workout...it felt that Jen had a good handle on catering the sesion a litle to the atendents...and yes it was great to have Feedback not something you get from a video....I wouldn't know yet if It was Expensive but the first time plans seemed really good...going in to it I was scared about doing Yoga in front of people and my whole goal was to not Fall infront of them... but after Jens Class I had a new Attitude. that I hope to fall every class because I was pushing myself to learn new things.
5	At One Yoga took my level of practice up a notch. The number of classes a week and the times makes it easy for anyone to work into their weekly schedule. The different types of classes gets me in the door no matter how I feel that day. If I'm tired, the basic class is perfect or if I feel like I am wanting to challenge myself with a new pose, the power or Astanga class makes me feel like I have accomplished a pratice. I also see quick results with the workout. The teachers are fantasic and are willing to help you with poses. I love it there!
2	I am sorry but I can't pay $25 for a drop in yoga class. I can go to 2 yoga classes at most places in the valley for this price. I did loved going here when it was less pricey, the classes are really fun, most of the teachers play upbeat music to keep the class motivated.  The classes are more fun than a spiritual practice, but if you are looking for a good time after work that doesn't involve booze and you have money coming out of your ears...check this place out!  Please At One Yoga, have a heart for us students!!  Lower your prices!!
2	I attended an evening flow class.  I'll start with the good bits -- the instructor was great, the flow sequences were challenging, the music selection was super.  Now for the bad parts -- there were about 50 people crammed into a studio that I'd guess holds 20 comfortably.  My mat was one inch (literally) away from those in front of, behind and next to me.  The class started about 15 minutes late because the instructor had to move mats here and there trying to squeeze everyone in (actually a very admirable job of accommodating folks).  The room started out at a comfortably warm temperature and ended up a stinky, sweltering mess.  Any balance I could have gained from the practice was otherwise washed away by the pool of communal sweat soaking the floor (and walls).  Perhaps others don't mind this, but I found it hard to focus on anything other than avoiding the flying arms, legs and sweat of the other yogis in the room.
3	At-One may be your studio if you're into highly active Vinyasa flow classes. If you're looking for a wide-selection of more gentle, restorative, or even beginner classes, this may not be the studio for you. However Mary Bruce does teach these classes here and is amazing! I've gone through yoga teacher training with her and she's great.Even though I've had good experiences at the studio, and taken classes with a couple great teachers, I've been to a couple classes that left me more than disappointed. The price is just way too high for drop-in classes, I think around $20. That's out of my budget, and I think it's out of most people's budgets. I've noticed At-One attracts those with more disposable income, at least those who come frequently. Also, many of the classes place a huge emphasis on music. It can be hard to go inward when there's so much outward stimulation.The studio is beautiful. I like the rounded corners of the rooms and the nice lighting. You can tell they've really put a lot of thought and effort into making the space gorgeous.
3	Well, I used to be an At One junkie. In fact I still buy packages there when they "go on sale" which lately is never. Then, I joined the Village club and discovered that many of At One's teachers, teach there. Plus, I get a whole health club for the price of a package I blow through in a month at at one.The good stuff:The teachers the times of classthe musicthe bad stuff:priceyoga girls who need to wear more clothes during class, even if it is 100 degreespeople who are a little too new age, even for methe stinky, sometimes kinda dirty, crowded roomsI WILL say that joanna's flow classes are what keep me coming back.
4	This is my favorite place in town to do Yoga, yes it's expensive but its all about the atmosphere here. Sure you can take a yoga class at the gym but it's just not the same. This is an actual yoga studio, kids. I love all the instructors I have been to and I love that they are willing to help you with a pose. They really do a better "teaching" job here than any other place I have been to. Most of the time they have fun music during the class, sometimes (depending on the instructor...) something will play that doesn't really seem to go with the whole yoga thing...but I guess that makes it kinda fun.I only wish this place had more late night yoga classes (their latest class starts at 735) , for some reason night is the only time of the day I like to practice yoga. I love to wind down after a long day with a yoga session at At One and I will keep coming back... at least until I use all my classes up.
3	My review is going to echo most of the others out here.  I love the ambiance, the variety of classes and the quality of the teachers.  I don't love the price.  I would love to attend on a regular basis but the price of the packages are just too high!  90.00 for 5 classes.....c'mon!!  The other down side (as Kate C. mentions) the rooms where the classes are held can be on the dirty side.  I do love the boutique.....again, very expensive but they have some cute stuff!
1	i was told if if i bought a strip of classes, that I could use for other things like massage, etc.   when i called for massage appointment they said they don't offer this anymore.  they would not give a return on my money, i live to far away to use for yoga.  so they mislead into signing up and now have stolen my money.
5	After taking Johanna's fabulous flow class this afternoon, I realized that I haven't yet yelped about the Scottsdale At One studio yet... I've been going to At One Yoga ever since I moved to AZ over four years ago... I went to the Greyhawk location which no longer exists as well as both Phoenix and Scottsdale and I continue to do so today!I'd be at yoga everyday if I could... but since that is not the case due to the cost and the time commitment, I try to get to At One or take yoga at my gym at least once or twice a week.  The At One instructors are amazing - the music they play and the energy they bring is top notch... and the boutique carries really cute stuff too.Yoga is an incredible workout and compliments any other working out you may do perfectly (ie: running, spinning, hiking, walking, weight lifting, etc...) It doesn't matter if you are a beginner or advanced yogi, At One offers something for everyone.  I'm sure I'll continue to visit At One for a long, long time... namaste!
4	I have only been going for a month, but I am definitely getting the workout I want. May be in about 3 months time I can write an elaborated review, but for now I am going to say that everything about this studio is good.
3	This was a great place to visit -- excellent class. I was unfortunately not directed to the correct studio so put my mat down in the wrong room then got a smarmy comment from the instructor when I went to pick it up inquiring if I was "too cool for beginner's class?" However, when I went to the higher level class I had chosen, I was not disappointed.  It was somewhat crowded and sweaty, but loved the hip hop, almost rap vibe of the instructor.  This was a workout, not as spiritual as some studios, but depends on what you're seeking that day.  I preferred the Phoenix location as I wasn't the oldest person in the room by a decade (I'm 46.) Great retail selection and well kept studio, but no showers for $18 drop in??
4	I mix my practice with flow, ashtanga, restorative, yin and I've rarely (if ever) left a class unhappy. Particularly recommend ashtanga.
3	Meh.... if you're into that whole phenomenon I call "gym-ga" than this is for you. I've tried out 4 different teachers, only one of which I really like. The music is *horribly* loud in a couple of classes, and why would I go to yoga only to have you yell at me because your stupid hip hop music is too loud?? REALLY? Is this what "yoga" has come to? I have spent years doing yoga in various forms, and there is something disturbingly wrong to me about doing yoga to music that is not calming at all. There is something even more disturbing about doing it next to hundreds of "soccer moms" that have to spend $100 on a mat and hundreds more on all the expensive clothing they now make for hot yoga. Isn't yoga supposed to be about simplicity.... the non material world.... yada yada yada? I rarely feel my business is appreciated among this crap.And don't get me started on how hilarious it is that many people think that because they are sweating balls in a 90 degree yoga class that that is in any way as beneficial as hopping on a cardio machine and actually DOING a workout lol. These people....
2	I stopped going here for two reasons:They stopped the Basics class with Mimi Solaire.Her replacement was less than half as qualified and forced us to listen to his mediocre singing. Awful!
