5	This salon studio,  run by JT, is a lovely and relaxing place to receive great services and stylish hair! previously from Liedan Mitchell in Chandler and Champs salon in Tempe, JT will take great care of you!!
5	JT has been my hair stylist for at least 8 (maybe 10?) years. So, yes, wouldn't keep going back if I didn't like how my hair turned out!!!! I met JT at Champs in Tempe (close to home), and consistently loved how she colored my hair... am a pretty traditional woman who wanted to hide the gray coming in... she does the best of highlights- low and high. JT moved to Leiden-Mitchell salon in Chandler...I followed her there... why wouldn't I? And, loved hearing her desire and ambition to have her own place. Koroyo it is!!! FANTASTIC!!!! Client (me) walks in... soothing... decor is stellar...and I know I am still getting the great talent JT has for coloring, cutting my hair.Just this last time, I have had soooo many compliments  on my coloring. If you want to find someone whom you can rely upon year upon year, JT is the person... Perhaps because of our long-term relationship, I think of JT as family... she is upbeat, stylish, and knows her business... hair!!!! When getting my hair done, I am at home with JT... She cares about her clients, and vice versa!!! Any first time person in the area, I can only say, make your appointment with JT at Koryo.... a lovely salon, a lovely person... The area of her salon is intimate... make sure you know where to locate it... Dobson Grove Plaza is the key to finding her place... As her salon has just started-up she is not yet ready for credit cards... but this will come soon!
5	JT listens to me and, almost magically, understands what I want.  She has also cut my daughters hair.  My daughter told JT she wanted Repunzel's hair (cut as done by  Flynn Rider).  It turned out beautifully.  As a bonus, people actually, without prompting, told her that her hair looked like Repunzel's short hair.  JT knows what works for me and, thankfully, gives some very helpful suggestions.
