5	Stopped in for the opening preview with our office. We ordered a bunch of items in order to sample:1) The space is very bright and large.2) coffee bar has inventive coffees (Nutella mocha, etc. Ice teas are made freshly brewed and poured over ice (European style). Also- uses Illy coffee.3) baguette sandwiches are very large- bread is delicious.4) croissant is one of the best I've had in AZ- a little dense, but very buttery.5) macaroons are smaller than essence- but well prepared and fluffy.Overall - very excited to have them on Mill and in the neighborhood!
5	Like all Cambodians, we are all donut and pastry experts. The dough was definitely done right so the pastries were amazing to say the least. I had their spinach croissant and it was delice-cious ;) Ate it so fast I forgot to instagram the pic #fattieproblems #followforfollow @chhapaya. Also tried their chocolate croissant and it was bomb.com. Now the downside... Their macaroons weren't my favorite but I haven't had any good macaroons in AZ so I guess it's on par with other bakeries. The black coffee was lackluster. Although better than the coffee we have in our breakroom, I think the extra walk to cartel will be a better idea if you're coffee fanatic like I am. Be sure to call an ambulance for the ambiance because the decor was killer. It's good to see restaurants take pride in the small details.  Goes to show how much respect they have for the craft.Overall I give this place 5 stars because I came for the croissants and they delivered on my expectations.  Service was great and the ambiance was a nice bonus. Only take away I have is that with the thousands of Chase employees that are a walking distance away, having a great coffee selection will probably be the most profitable source of revenue if done right.
5	beautiful atmosphere with a lot of light, everything on a projected screen and is easy to see,  ordered the cappuccino which is absolutely delicious the heart in the middle giving it an extra touch to what could be a simplistic coffee, I ordered the Smoked Salmon Tartine, presentation is up to par for what I feel it's a nice look to the bistro, the taste is light and heavenly, a must try at this bistro, my friend ordered the grilled chicken panini, the chicken really stands out with the melted cheese and spiced bread giving it that extra oomph someone looks for in a sandwich, also another must try at this bistro.Staff is kind and helpful with a smile on their face, but you can definitely tell it's only on day 2 due to the wait for food, organization is still being needed but have patience, because this could be a decent hustle and bustle bistro that anyone could enjoy once it gets on its feet and runningAll in all this is somewhere I will go again hopefully not change how I feel!Good luck Lil bistro the meal was Delice!
1	I went in with a friend around 10am on a Sunday morning.  To my surprise,  the whole place was empty.  There were three girls stood behind the counter but nobody greeted us. We ordered the lattes and a couple of croissants.  The lattes were bland but the croissants were pretty good.  I wanted to order the fruit tart to take home but they looked soggy. My guess is the tarts are more than a couple of days old. The service was slow and the girls did not smile the whole time.
2	Smiles served daily? When I went there, no smiles, servers didn't know what they were doing, orders took a long time. However, they did say they were still working out the links. The croissants tasted fine but the coffee was not good at all. Not impressed.
5	I am an ASU student and this is hands down my new study spot/hangout place. The food is delicious, the staff are super friendly and accommodating and the crepes are to DIE FOR. Surprise yourself with a savory Chicken Florentine crepe with a Smores crepe to follow. Not to mention, the environment is super European which is hard to find around these parts :)
5	AMAZING! A taste of the good life.I went in a group of 3 and sampled all the dishes served. Each one was incredible! It's been years since I've had such high quality fresh bread and it is a first for me to get it in the US. I will be making this a frequent stop during my week to bring home some delicious baguettes.
5	Delice Bistro brings something totally new to the Tempe area. The freshly baked bread and pastries are to die for. It's so hard to find authentic European delicacies in Arizona, but this place exceeded all my expectations. You have to try the Nutella French toast for breakfast or the paninis for lunch. And if you want coffee, the Nutella macchiato is a must!
5	Went to Delice today with a couple of my boys, awesome staff, awesome owners, awesome delicious European food. Will definitely be going back there
4	The space is clean and bright. They just opened a couple weeks ago so I would expect nothing less. They bake their breads in house so it smells amazing! The first time I went in I had the almond croissant which was flaky and sweet like a croissant should be. I usually get my croissants from Essence bakery on University, but I might start getting them from Delice since I work across the street. Both bakeries have delicious croissants. The second I went in I wanted to get a crepe but was let down because the cashier said it was only for lunch. I wish they would label somewhere on their menu that certain items can only be ordered for breakfast and others only for lunch. Since I couldn't get a crepe, I settled for the Croissant Eggs Benedict. Even though I didn't get what I had originally gone in there for, the Croissant Eggs Benedict was delicious! The service was good and everyone was very friendly. The only downside, I think, is the situation of the counters. There are two registers you could order from but a weird short wall up front. It's all next to the drink station where you pick up your drinks. It can get a little crowded and confusing the way it's set up.
5	What an incredible find this was! Perfect date night treat before or after the movies across the sidewalk! The macaroons are ridiculous.
4	As someone who just came back from a vacation to Europe (Barcelona - Viva la Catalan!) I can say that Delica Bistro does have a European feel to it, especially the pastries. I had a delicious croissant made with orange, sesame and Thyme that was just delicious and the sampler shortbread cookie I tried, wonderful! As for the coffee beverages, I had a double espresso for $2.50 (quite reasonable), made with Lilly coffee, which seems to be the Euro brand of coffee. My neighbors, also along for a local bike jaunt, had crepes, that were just lovely! I strongly recommend you check this place out and due to its location by the area off Mill near the AMC Centerpoint theaters, feels like you are on a piazza. Be advised they just opened and are still working out some operational bugs. My friends crepes took a bit of time but someone came over and apologized so they know they need to work some things out (they also came by a short time later with the option to sample a shortbread cookie so de nada). I did get my espresso in a small paper cup and hopefully there is  the option to also get it in a small cup. I do like that there are free cups for water for the taking at the register when you pay for your food and other drinks. They are also supposed to have baguettes available for purchase - a bit on the high end at $3 but hey, a Euro style bakery option in walking distance of my house so I'm not complaining.It also feels strange that their espresso does not come with a side of sugar so if you want it sweeter, get it off the side area (though they only had non-sugar substitutes when I was there but once again, newly opened). I'll be there at least once a week for a morning pastry and coffee drink so I'll see them work it out.The one thing I hope they are working on is a liquor license as it is a shame not to sit out on the patio, near the piazza style area with a nice bottle of wine and maybe, if someone from there is reading this, until then they will provide a BYOB option with a corkage fee?  Other than that, a lovely place that I think will only grow in popularity and its nice to come back from Europe and find a little slice of Euro style living, right in my own backyard - Viva la Delice Bistro!Update - went back today - service is still a work in progress as the owner works on developing the operational flow for the place but I did buy a whole grain baguette and it was amazing - little poppy seeds throughout that added a wonderful nutty flavor and the crust was chewy and crisp - I will definately buy them on a regular basis.
1	Exceptionally slow service. This is now the second time that our crepes have taken over 25 mins to get out. The first time we were one of 3 people at the restaurant. This time though, I even saw the crepes being pulled out of a drawer. If you aren't making the crepes fresh, then why does it take so long? Adding chocolate and marshmallows isn't that time consuming.
4	I am torn, too many good reviews and I won't be able to get a table, not enough and they close, but I cannot lie; this place is awesome. The crepes were the fluffier I've ever had, and I adore the atmosphere.
5	So glad to have this new little gem on mill ave. We need more local places like this! Essence is always my go-to for croissants. But Essence is also closed on Sundays so Delice is a great addition to the area. Chocolate was delicious as was the croissant. Will definitely be going back.
1	Uptight! It's clean and tidy but makes you feel suffocated. No one behind the counter knows how to smile and none of them know anything about valuable customer service, their own menu or their computer. The coffee is terrible and the food is bland, tiny and overpriced. If you want a breakfast crepe, they will refuse to make it until 10am (even if the place is dead and its 9:30). Also, the place is so quiet no music at all, but I'm more than sure that any music wouldn't help. Save your hard earned money! This place is so not worth it.
5	This place is fantastic!!! I had a really great salad and my friend had an amazing quiche! The customer service was amazing! You have to top off your experience with a macaroon! And don't forget to take a baguette home with you!!! You won't be disappointed!!
5	I been there few times in the last few weeks,I can say that this place is different , the food is very good , and better is the chocolate and the cookies.The service is little bit slow , but I guess it is expected at a newly open place
5	I love this place their food is really good, desserts are also good, and the coffee is amazing. Their macrons are just okay I tried better the tend to feel more dry/crunchy than usual. Service is solid. The plate sizes is also good.
5	Superb French / European bistro.  Excellent pastries and super fresh ingredients.  Small breakfast / brunch menu, but ample and very high quality. The mocha I had was the best ever: illy expresso and the absolute finest chocolate.  A pleasant little eatery!
2	Delice gets two stars, and it has nothing to do with the food or coffee. Both are fantastic. In fact, I LOVE the coffee. It's the service that stumps me, and why other reviews about this place and the service good stump me even more. My colleagues and I work spitting distance from Delice and come here pretty often. One thing we all agree on is that the experience with Delice employees is unpleasant. We'd probably frequent this place more if it were not for the negative attitudes of the employees. Yesterday morning was the kicker! When I went up to place my order, the girl at the cashier rolled her eyes when she saw me walking up and actually tried to walk away from me. I gave her this look like, what are you doing??? (but I was also slightly amused)...and she stuck around. Four of us got coffee yesterday, just coffee, and we all walked out remarking on how rude everyone was from the cashiers to the barista.Point being:  I want coffee again this morning, but I don't want to deal with constipated college girls to get it, so I'll walk an extra block down to Starbucks.
4	Really friendly people. Good food at a great price. Pastries are a must! Very European feel. Still could work out a few kinks (person making our sandwich was asking questions very loudly about how to make it) but overall great place to grab a bite before a movie!
5	First let me start out by saying that the bread here is phenomenal. I ordered a salmon tartine cold sandwich, by recommendation. The atmosphere is exactly as they describe, French music, the patio to people watch, and being right on mill, can't go wrong with sitting outside in the beautiful arizona winter weather. I definitely recommend the bread while sitting down outside to study! Had this place not been 40 minutes away from my home; I would come here much more frequently to study. Enjoy and take in this bistro. Well worth my time.
5	This place is amazing!  I am a grilled cheese and tomato soup snob....I can't get enough of it here!  Their bread is amazing, the salmon quiche is so flaky and yummy!  Staff are friendly and service is solid.  This isn't fast food or a industrial/corporate kitchen - this is hand crafted deliciousness that is worth waiting a few moments for!
5	We stopped in for two hot chocolates . And boy were they yummy! Made from scratch and very rich!We had already ate dinner , but the menu looked impressive . Simple quick and delicious . The treats they bake looked pretty darn good too!The staff was super sweet, helpful and seemed to enjoy their jobs. Especially the staff member who made the hot chocolates ! She brought out marshmallows and they made my night. I haven't had one in years lol .  We will be back and I can not wait ..I want this restaurant to be in my neighborhood     !
3	I've been to Delice a few more times since October since I work right across the street. The food is always delicious, but the reasoning for my removing of one star is because of the service. There is one gal behind that counter that is always very friendly and smiling, but the others I've encountered look as if they don't want to be there and have this little bit of attitude when asked a question. Today a coworker and I went in for some drinks and breakfast sandwiches. We got our drinks quickly, which was nice as we were able to enjoy them while we sat and waited for our sandwiches. About 15, almost 20 minutes had passed and nothing. My coworker walked up to the counter to see how much longer the sandwiches were going to take. The girl behind the counter looked lost and flustered and she walked around like a chicken with it's head cut off. Finally, she came back and told us it would be a few more minutes. As we sat back down to wait for our sandwiches (I got an egg, turkey, cheese sandwich while my coworker got an egg, avocado, spinach sandwich) another gentleman went up to the counter to ask about their sandwiches as well. It was a different gal he had asked and with attitude she answered him (quite loudly) "We have like 20 sandwich orders back there! It's going to take long! The chefs can only make two at a time, okay? We only have two pans back there." First off, it was very rude of her to be so short with the customer since he was just wondering (and had asked nicely) about his food. Second, I think going forward Delice might consider informing customers the estimated wait time on food if they are backed up. I didn't realize that there were only two pans and that only two sandwiches could be made at a time. Maybe consider putting a disclaimer somewhere that everything is made from scratch and made to order; that is why some items just take a little longer to make. I completely understand a restaurant wanting to make good quality food and I've personally waited anywhere from 30-40 minutes for food, because I knew that the love and quality put into it was going to be worth it. Like I said in the beginning, the food is delicious and at least that has remained every time I've been in there. It's really more the customer service that I had an issue with. Making the customer feel unwelcomed is not a good way to keep them coming back.
4	Cute place right off of Mill Avenue with a nice dog friendly patio!  The service was a little slow, but it was worth the wait for the savory chicken crepe with spinach and mushrooms I enjoyed.  The macaroons looked tasty, but were hard and not very flavorful...thinking I just picked wrong and the rest of the sweets case was amazing!
2	We went on day 1 and waited almost 45 minutes,  we chalked it up to 1st day opening.  earlier this week we stopped in only for some chocolate.  We stood there 5 minutes,  rang the bell and watched servers walk around oblivious.  We turned and left with no an acknowledgment...the chocolates LOOK delcious but the service has been atrocious and we wont be going back. Ive heard the same from several coworkers,  though those who had waited it out say the coffee is amazing
5	Stopped in on a very busy day during the Tempe Art Fair. Getting an order placed was quick and the server was very helpful and friendly, but the crepe order took 45 minutes to prepare. We were quoted 25 minutes, so needless to say it was a bit of an upset but the mushroom crepe was well worth the wait. The green tea was also very tasty. The two crepe cooks were cooking outside which was a nice touch. The only thing wrong with this was that they were so busy, they both had a hard time letting the gathering crowd of on lookers know to order inside. As we patiently waited for our order, my boyfriend and I noticed many crepe admirers go from interested, to confused, to irritated given the lack of direction for ordering. A sign instructing people to order inside would have been really beneficially both for the employees and their customers. Props to these two cooks for their diligence and composure under full blown Sunday fire. 5 stars stands as I would love to see this spot keep the momentum even though the traffic flow for crepe orders was a plain old cluster F :)
5	Amazing food! Went here for lunch and I can't wait to go again! The bread is freshly baked and tastes amazing, crunchy on the outside with a soft, flavorful inside. The meat and the cheese are fresh and delicious. The people who work there are very polite and willing to help if you need it. A little piece of France in Tempe, I would recommend this restaurant to anyone!
2	We went to this Bistro based on a recommendation. It wasn't very busy when we first went in & were able to put in an order right away. My friend & I both decided on the Rosemary Chicken Panini. Considering how busy it was (not too busy), it took a pretty long time to get our food.Each sandwich was served with a small portion of greens topped with their mustard vinaigrette. I don't care much for greens but I'd say that the mustard vinaigrette was the best thing on the plate. I will preface by saying that I had made a substitution to my sandwich (ordered it with pesto instead of sundried tomatoes) but it didn't matter much since it didn't have the taste of pesto anyway. I thought the garlic spread had a really strong flavor and there was way too much cheese. There was also an off taste to the sandwich ... I'm not sure what it was. After only a few bites, I was tired of it.The cookies looked so tempting that even though I wasn't too impressed with my meal, I thought I'd give it a chance. Probably should've thought twice because it got busier at the cash register & they switched cashiers to someone who wasn't at all efficient. It wasn't worth the few dollars I paid or the 10 minutes I waited for it. I'm not sure if I'll be back here.
5	Most authentic and delicious french menu in the West Coast. The crepes are phenomenal, the baguette is freshly made and tastes like it was baked in Paris not to mention their fresh juices! I definitely recommend this bistro to anyone that appreciates great tasting food.
1	What a disappointing experience! We (party of 4) came to Delice because we are always looking for a good place for breakfast/brunch on Mill and thought this place would fit the bill. Here's a rundown:1. The people working at Delice are not particularly friendly or helpful. They are not familiar with the menu and anytime we asked a question, they had to go ask someone for the answer.2. We came in for breakfast but could only get lunch since breakfast isn't served after 11:00. Ok, we'll adjust.3. They were out of a few things we asked about on the menu.4. The Muesli is served cold and it took forever for them to bring a spoon, in order to actually eat it.5. I asked what kind of flavored iced tea they had and she told me they had black or green tea. Right after ordering, I noticed the tea menu that listed 5 or 6 different kinds of tea (some of them flavored) but she didn't offer to change my order.6. Two of us ordered the Prime Rib Au Jus under "Hot Sandwiches" and we were specifically told about the delicious Au Jus that came on the side. The sandwiches were served cold and there was Au Jus on only one plate. They did take them back and warm the Prime Rib and toast the baguette. 7. They brought out hot tea instead of iced tea.8.  The place needs some TLC, cleaning and attention to detail. The menu is taped upside down on the window for passers-by to read. The windows, in the restaurant, are filthy. There were only four tables occupied while we were there but many of the other tables were dirty and full of dishes the entire time we were there. Stuff/food all over the floors. Something splattered all over the wall in the bathroom. Stacks of boxes toward the back of the restaurant.9. The owners were there during our dining experience and it seems like they have no interest in making sure things are running properly and they certainly have no attention to detail.Overall, we were very disappointed and are unlikely to return. This place has a lot of potential but if they don't fix things immediately, they will not be open in a year.
5	this place is 5 star plus on the quality of the food and the coffee. We came in for a pastry and coffee and well - wow very very nice. This is a great place near the big theatre, I am sure it may get crowded later in the day. we are early birds and virtually had the place to ourselves with a lovely helpful staff and great pastry. I looked over the chocolate counter and am certain it will be  tasty, somehow I resisted. returning to this place will be a a for sure. Ah  Tempe - So many good choices.
5	The resturant location is perfect. The environment is also pretty enjoyable. However, is missing music it would be nice to have music. The coffee is very good, specially the ICED COFFEE! . Nutella Crepe's are very good as well, sometimes can have alot of nutella, but you can ask for less. And also, add Ice cream for $1. I love this place and everything is great quality and taste good. Baristas are very friendly, great customer service. :) , and I think they have delivery service now but limited areas.
