4	You can tell this a fairly new hotel. It was pretty clean. The location was good, next to a lot of shopping center, restaurants and a gas station. We loved the nice courtyard with all the beautiful plants and a gazebo.
4	for the most part this is a basic hotel.  a souped-up motor inn with not much frills but definitely has all the basics covered.  i travel and stay here on business so i don't know the area that well so I don't know why exactly but this place is always sold out every time I come here but maybe it's the location.  not a five-star hotel.  just a room with the basics covered: clean, amenities, ironing board for when your dress shirts get all wrinkled in the luggage, etc, etc. pushing it into the 4 star range though was the waffles.  :) I didn't expect waffles with my continental breakfast.  don't get too excited. just cereal, orange juice, coffee and muffins (plus the waffles) which is better than the usual continental.the place isn't hard to find but there's a weird intersection which makes it hard to turn into.  obviously that doesn't stop the tourists though as it's regularly sold out.  also convenient is the mall across the street and the mimi's (for a more complete meal) down the road.pretty decent place to stay especially for business if you happen to have meetings in the neighborhood.
4	If you stay in the winter, bring a blanket! Sheets/comforters are thin & the heaters seem to only know how to turn off or blow cold air. I realize it's AZ, but that doesn't mean it never gets cold! The 2 occasions I stayed here, I could not for the life of me get the heat to work. Even called the front desk both times and it didn't help. Still was a rather chilly sleep. Brrrrrr...Pretty thin walls. If you have a suit, close the bedroom doors for some peace n quiet.Extemely courteous staff! Very nice!  :-)
3	The hotel amenities and service get the three-star rating.  The bed gets a two-star rating.  Lumpy and bumpy and stiff as a concrete slab.  I've definitely had better beds in other hotels of the same star-rating.  The free continental breakfast offered the standard fare but it's enough to satisfy most people.  The employees are friendly and courteous.  The hotel is pet friendly.  The grounds are well-kept. Ample parking for their establishment. The highlight is the free shuttle service offered to anyplace within a 5 mile radius of the hotel.  A plus since there are so many strip malls and eateries surrounding La Quinta.There is free wi-fi in the lobby area but wired internet service in the rooms.  Although wired, it is FREE.
4	My air conditioner had gone out at home and needed a place to sleep cool for the night. I *really* liked this place. For the price of a Motel 6, my two-bed room was furnished with a decent HDTV with HD cable (it's about time a hotel caught up to the 21st century!), and the walls and refurbishings looked and felt very new and well-kept. The air conditioner was managed by a dedicated wall thermostat and was nice and cool. I was also glad that they accept pets, I have two cats and I wanted to keep them cool, too. (I decided to leave them home, but it was a relief to know I had the option. I found this hotel looking for a pet-friendly hotel.)My only complaint is that they really need to put a sign in front of the elevator that reads, "Please courteously keep other people sleeping in mind," and perhaps have a monitored security camera with a mic, and then ask people to quiet down if they are being disrespectful to those who are sleeping. I was in room 302 last night and was RUDELY awakened by MULTIPLE door slams and loud jabbering at 2:30 AM as a family or group made multiple trips unloading their car, repeatedly walking away from their door left wide open as it slammed shut and even shook the walls. There needs to be accountability for this sort of thing, and it is certainly the hotel's problem because if these are the kind of people the hotel is going to lure and the hotel wants it that way then STAY AWAY from this hotel.
1	My son is getting allergy treatments at the hospital here by the La Quinta in Scottsdale, AZ. We have now stayed here three times and decided to join this rewards program. I was supposed to be staying just tomorrow night, 3/30, but my parents came to town and wanted to do a whole weekend. They were staying here for two nights - Friday and Saturday. They checked in and were told that the room next door was vacant and I would be able to get that room. I came right in. The man running the front desk, Matthew,  was sitting in the back office. He yelled, "can I help you". I started to explain that I had a reservation for tomorrow but wanted to extend the reservation to tonight and that my parents had booked and the room next to them may be vacant. He HUFFED at me, got out of the chair he was sitting in, interrupted my story that was boring him, and asked for my name. I spelled it out. He was looked for a few minutes, so I asked if he needed my rewards number or anything. He said, "no I found it but you are only for tomorrow". I explained that I know this but as I stated before, we decided to come a day early. I told him I would like to see if the room next to them is still available but was abruptly stopped and told that it is not - never even asking for their name at all - he has no idea who I am talking about. Then tells me the price for tonight is $149. I said that that was a lot more than tomorrow, why. His exact comment, "I don't make the prices, I tell you them. You are more than welcome to go somewhere else." I told him that was quite rude and started to look at my phone for other hotels. Sadly, my parents happened to walk in and the kids really wanted to stay with the grandparents, so I said to finish the check in but he could try not to be so rude. He told me I am welcome to leave if I don't like his attitude, that he deals with my kind every day and does have to put up with it. I then, unprofessionally, responded that he is a very unhappy homosexual who needs to remember that he is in customer service. I know that was really rude, and there is no excuse. I believe that your company would not allow someone to talk this way to a customer. Another couple in the front told me to contact your company via email to let you know. He then yelled down the hall, "do I need to call the cops". I can't believe that a place I have stayed three times now and had planned to stay a few more while we finish this testing would treat us this way. Last time was fabulous- this time I walked to my room and felt like a prisoner not wanting to go through the front office again - which is where I am parked. He was the most horrible customer service person I have ever dealt with. I asked for the manager to which he replied, "my manager and co-worker will not be in until Monday". WOW, this is who is in charge!
1	the reviews are accurate.  This place is physically quite attractive, and new, with a pretty pool and outside area, but the staff is BAD HORRIBLE unprofessional.The housekeeping threw out a whole bag of my medication, didn't even look to see what was in it.  I told the desk.  They claim they had a whole crew in looking "All night" and didn't find it.  In the morning I went to the trash and there it was right on the top.Another time I arrived just before midnight with my boyfriend.  They gave me the key to a room where a man was sleeping.  They then said they were full.  It was a nightmare. the guy at the desk basically threw us out.I know now what they say about a book and it's cover.  That is why I ALWAYS go to the country inn next door, a family hotel with good values and a staff that cares.Like a good wine, it gets better with age.
4	Nice room, comfy bed at a cheap rate. La Quinta's in the southwest are generally decent properties. This one is no exception - also, if you ask for a room over the pool, you'll be away from the highway. It was surprisingly quiet.
4	Clean and quiet.....no complaints whatsoever.
4	I stayed here a couple if times now. Both times have been very pleasant experiences.Close enough to 101 to be convenient, and still far enough not to get the noise. (Ask for a courtyard room)My have been clean and fresh smelling, comfortable mattress, lots of pillows decent internet and TV.The staff has always been pleasant and helpful when I have talked to them.The morning breakfast is so-so.
4	Another great stay, Another great- quiet room in the courtyard side of the hotel.However.... You guys need AMC on the tube!!!Walking Dead season starts next week.:-)
2	Rude front desk clerk, Jack. Sounded annoyed when I called to complain about the room next door and their howling dog for the 2nd night in a row. Lame breakfast bar and the advertisement for a kitchen in the room is actually a tiny little door that has a mini microwave and mini refrigerator. No stove. Wouldn't stay here again even for free.
5	I have stayed here four times because  I have a dog and they are a pet friendly hotel. Each time the stay has been perfect. Nice clean rooms, good comp breakfast but the thing that sets this place apart is the customer service. Very nice desk staff and great maids. All in, I would say even if you don't have pets, it's a great price for a great room with awesome staff that remembers 'hospitality'!!!!
1	I had a very bad experience at this hotel because the three staff I dealt with, which included the manager, Ken, have horrible people skills.  It is a long story, however, the short story is that they say they are pet friendly and if your dog makes a peep, they will threaten to call the police on you.  I tried to work with them by asking to move us to a less trafficked area, and they refused.  (we moved to another hotel in the middle of our stay, Country Inn which is down the street and they agreed to put us in a light trafficked area.  And there was no problems with dog barking.) However, when I contacted the corporate because the manager promised a comped room for the night we did stay because he basically kicked us out, they did help a lot.  And they credited us back the charge that the manager put on my card after promising not to charge us for the room.  It was very sneaky.  The hotels are beautiful, we stayed at a few La Quintas and were treated very well and never had a problem with the dogs.  I always ask for a light trafficked areas because dogs do bark when people walk by constantly, yet they put us by a very trafficked area right by the door.  I may consider using the other La Quintas again in the later future now that corporate handled it so well.  But never will I stay at this particular one again.  I did suggest that the staff at this hotel needs training on how to deal with the public.  It was a lovely hotel though, but the walls are very thing, we heard many dogs barking and kids screaming as well, but to us, it is to be expected.
3	We stayed here on a recent trip out to visit family in the area.  It was a pretty nice hotel.  They do allow animals but I didn't see or hear any during our stay.  The price was right and the bed was ok which was about all we needed!  They even let us cancel our last night with them after some of our people left for home and opened up a room for us at our family's house so that was nice of them.
2	I have stayed here several times.  The staff varies on friendliness and helpfulness - sometimes great, sometimes pretty bad.  The breakfast is pretty good.  The last time I stayed I was told I had a nonsmoking room.  When I opened the door to my room I was hit with very powerful odors -  a combination of heavy cigarette smoke and heavy perfume that was obviously meant to cover it up.  It was disgusting and gave me a headache.  The lady at the front desk just insisted that it was a nonsmoking room, didn't apologize and didn't offer to do anything to make it right.   Ugh.
3	I had a decent stay at this hotel with my dog recently.  Room was a good size and furniture was newer...overall nicely appointed.  Hotel boasts limited continental breakfast...again, very limited in options and the room was packed with people looking to eat 4 of everything.  Lost its appeal.  Oh and I did notice one of the double beds sheets appeared to be stained.  Turned my stomach a bit.  Clearly I slept in the other bed.  I'd possibly go back but definitely be eying the linens.
