1	Slow....Well they did just open so maybe the staff is fres, er, new too.Our order - Venti Hot Chai Tea Latte and a Grande Iced Mocha.  Chai didn't take too long but the  Mocha was finally served after the Chai,  two drive through customers and two or three customers ordering inside the store.Hmmm.Nice if they could get both out at the same time.Atmosphere is roomy, open and dark.  I think it is really nice and appealing.  Maybe the expansive size of this location will mean quicker drive thru service.  Maybe, eventually, it will pick up inside too.  I foresee it will soon become the hangout for students from Corona and the nearby schools.  Good for business, sure, but I just get the impression that it will soon resemble the malls. I'll probably keep with the other location North of here.
5	So far I've been here at least 15 times. Doesn't matter if I order an easy drink like tea or regular brewed coffee, or something special like one of their Reserve blends on the Clover, the service is fast, friendly, and attentive. I was here probably the first weekend they opened, and then also in the early morning, afternoon, weekends, and weekdays with no problems. The space is lovely, with plug-ins and seating for everyone. I know Starbucks employees are known for their friendliness, but I cannot stress enough how friendly they are here, regardless of how early it is. The staff is competent as well. A great thing about this location too, is that it's not nearly as crowded or as hectic as the other two locations closest to here. Personally, I think this location is the best of South Tempe.
5	Nice new Starbucks! Spacious and accommodated. Plenty of baristas making the wait shorter and they are super nice too. Thumbs up!
4	I've been here once to this exact location when it was a Wendy's - for morning biscuits and sausage and some sludge that they called coffee. I tried it and ACK! Ended up pouring it out on the sidewalk in memory of the tastebud and synapse homies that died from the shock of that horrid flavor. I poured out more of that liquid diarrhea onto the sidewalk and prayed to the Goddess Caffeina that an actual Starbucks will one day rise up in the spot that the unworthy breakfast food and drink wannabe had inhabited. About a year later, my prayers had been answered - an actual Starbucks sure enough did replace Wendy's. Yeah!!!!! Opened pretty recently - I love what they did to the interior - nice wood panelling and the layout blows away what Wendy's had. Wendy's had the kitchen at the south end of the building. This new Starbucks has the cashiers and barristas at the southwest end. Service is as quick and easy as pretty much any Starbucks. They kept the drive-thru though so that's a plus. If you're gonna hang out with your laptop here long term, the southwestern most tables that are against a wall as opposed to a window view both have two outlets right underneath them. Lots of parking in this mall where Basha's is the anchor and there is lots of vacant retail space just waiting to be snatched up.
