3	Bring ur snacks, games, sudoku, books, or anything while u wait. I hv appointment at 2.45pm, enter the room at 4.08pm, still hv to meet the doct; finish at 5.21pm. My doctor was cool though :)
1	The physicians asst. named jennifer wrote in her report that i came in for a nasal problem and then asked for migraine prescription refill that my doctor had already refilled for me a week earlier. My doctor gives me enough for a year at a time so this was a total lie by a bitter little redhead moron. Needless to say my doctor ignored this report.
1	This facility is by far the absolute worst family practice ever!!!! I would avoid this place at all costs. There has been 2 Dr.'s that have even decided to leave and practice elsewhere because of how poorly this facility is ran. The remaining Dr.'s absolutely suck right along with the administration as well! I was there with my wife and daughter just for a referral to a dermatologist for our daughter and the Dr. ended up calling my wife stupid all because she called a P. A. a Dr. Half the time their staff doesn't even know what's going on there either. We finally had enough with this facility when we called to schedule an appointment for one of our children to be seen and they told me that the Dr. was no longer seeing children. RIDICULOUS!! this is a FAMILY PRACTICE!!! (so i thought!) I then called administration and the director and the Dr. denied that! They are absolutely ridiculous there and incompetent with doing there job! We unfortunately were patients there far too long! ( No longer! ) AVOID!!!!!
5	I have been a patient at Sun Life for over 8 years and have been very happy with my provider, Dr.Chung. I travel all the way from the valley for services ranging from well checks to sick visits. I always feel that I can trust that Dr. Chung will go above and beyond to figure out what is going on. I would definately recommend him.
1	Very unprofessional, from scheduling appointments to referrals to billing...billing is a disaster, no matter what, you will be referred to collection then you call them to see what it is about and Mary Jane promises you that she will fix the problem but then the collection agency writes you again then you call Mary Jane to see what is happening, she apologies and then blames it on the other inexperienced coworkers...Enjoy the loop lol
