4	As a regular of Vegas Hot I appreciate this option for a quick snack or smoothie.  My favorite is the Coco Cat Cow.   At 5.99 a little pricey and they could be a little bigger but you can use your perk points and get a $1 off.   I also appreciate the water bottle refill option for $1.  I just love the minty, lemon water especially after a hot class.  Not to mention this place is beautiful inside with all the plants and Mediterranean feel.
4	Took my son here after his 2 hour training at PSI. Had a couple selfish smoothies after the nice guy at the counter suggested his faves. He even poured us a couple samples. Yum!We had the Thai wrap and the Baja wrap. They were both good and not too filling. After we finished we were still hungry and decided to order a couple more wraps. Lolol. What can I say? We have appetites. Will be back. I would love to see the food menu expanded in the future. Maybe some raw pizzas as a special??:)
5	I never new "Good For You" could taste so good.Simply Amazing.And for those that think hiu don't get much....well im a BIG boy and I ordered the Baja Wrap and Cocoa type smoothie combo and stuffed me.I can't recommend this enough to anyone and @9.99 for the combo its a bargain.I no longer have an excuse to not eat well. By.the way I.tasted my friends Taco salad and how the heck they make almonds taste like taco meat is beyond me...but.they do and its fantastic. The silantro dressing is incredible.One word. GO!
5	This is a really great place. the wrap smoothie combo is actually a pretty good deal. wrap is large and smoothie is large too.nutritional value is excellent!there is very little for small children to eat though - the food is just too difficult for little ones to chew. it would be nice if they had a small plate of hummus and veggies or pita - for kids.aside from that though - it's a great place for  a healthy meal and not too pricey at all.i had the spicy thai wrap and i recommend it. :)
5	My review is based on the blends only.Ive been here a total of 3 times and have tried a couple of their blends. Their green juice, jungle storm, is great! Good vegetable to fruit ratio, they dont skimp on amounts of vegetable either.The Coco Cat Cow is also great. When I drink it I can't believe that this thing is healthy for me! Amazon power is good, but not my favorite.Staff are awesome! Not the least bit shy or anti-social and they look like they enjoy their job. The owner is very nice and sweet too.Best of all are their prices. They do not gouge you like some of their competitors, and for that they will keep getting my business.
4	Ate here after yoga at Vegas Hot, on a very hot afternoon. So the Twisted Mint Dragon Smoothie cooled us off and the Verdi Florentine wrap held me over until dinner. My buddy and I split the two for $9.99.  At about $2 less than other places, Fresh Mama's smoothies also contain fewer ingredients. The Twisted Mint Dragon was more fluid than what I'm used to but I liked it. It's one of those you have to keep stirring and shaking once it's at your table.The wrap was awesome--wrapped tightly, delicious smear, fresh veggies, no carbs.  Service was great and the atmosphere invited community. The lady friends and I talked for a while at the counter about nothing. Good fun.
5	Love this place! And the strawberries and cream is A+ !
3	The atmosphere of this place is great. Very beautiful. However, I was disappointed with the portion sizes. When I got my wrap and smoothie I couldnt believe it was 10.00. I have eaten at plenty of vegan places where they give you a full meal. My wrap was bite size. A quarter of the size of a normal wrap somewhere else. To top it off, it was frozen. I guess they made it early and had it in their fridge/freezer. I can understand premaking items at times but dont serve someone an item that has ice all over it. It was the thai wrap. I couldnt eat it right away because it was frozen to the garnishes. I had to wait for it to thaw out, no lie. The wrap was ok.. the dipping sauce was good though. I would recommend adding some more spices and flavors to the actual item and not premaking these too far in advance. Also bigger sizes. It doesnt have to be massive. Just fair for the price paid.
3	It is always good to have a new vegan salad and smoothie place. They are right below Vegas Hot, the perfect gym in Vegas. We ordered the Thai wrap and mango salad with their banana  and red rabbit smoothie. The server is friendly and the place is clean. There's a very nice corner with a beautiful fountain and free wifi. Food was very healthy and fresh. The reason I gave this place 3 stars is because on the menu it says my salad comes with mango coconut chips but  it was left out. The server should've informed me they were out when I ordered. Just felt she was a little unprofessional.
5	Love it! Everything tastes so fresh & real. And the store itself is amazing inside. Beautiful decor!
3	If anyone reads my reviews it's clear I'm not a regular at restaurants like this. I try to eat healthy when I can, but I'm off the healthy eating train more often than I'm on it, unfortunately. When I saw the Groupon for this place pop up, I couldn't resist. Hoping to turn my eating habits around, I thought this would be a good jumpstart. I came in today for lunch and ordered the two for $9.99 combo. I got the coconut smoothie and the spicy Thai wrap. I was pleasantly surprised by the smoohie, but the wrap was a little overpriced for what you get. The dipping sauce was nice, but the wrap needed a little more than just some greens and fruit. Definitely not filling, but tasty.Overall, it was a good experience. I definitely won't be a regular here, but I appreciate having this as a good alternative from time to time and they have a great location just below Vegas Hot.
5	Healthy, vegetarian, raw food is IMPOSSIBLE to find in Las Vegas.  Fresh Mama is perfectly situated by a VegasHOT and definitely satisfies your post yoga cravings for fresh fruit, veggies, and smoothies.  However, it is a solid option for lunch regardless of your prior activities.
5	Truly another hidden gem in Vegas. The place is not only cozy and inviting but the food is absolutely phenomenal and oh so healthy!! Unlike many of the vegan eateries that offer imitation animal products, this cafe offers almost a 100percent raw food selection. Today was our first visit and we got every one of their wraps to try. Every single one was truly mouthwatering leaving you craving for more. This is truly a guilt free pleasure. As someone who prepares living foods, I truly appreciate all the very hard work that goes into making the food. This is undoubtedly a rare location where the value exceeds the price you pay. After finishing their wraps I thought there is no way I will enjoy the desserts we got. But omg was I wrong!! The marshmallow chocolate mousse was unlike anything Ive ever tried. Melts in ur mouth and has the most incredible taste. You could tell by my description that I just cant wait to have more!! Truly rawgasmic!!PS: if you havent tried raw food before,  believe me u wont be disappointed by coming here. Unfortunately Ive tried a number of raw restaurants in CA and nothing compares. Based on those experiences alone I would have never become a raw foodist
4	I enjoy healthy smoothies where I can literally taste the leaves that were blended inside. Somehow, it makes me feel healthier, and a little better about myself. The smoothies here are very FRESH (as you probably get from the name) and taste very healthy. They come in a pretty large size and they also give you a little cup of extras! The salads that they offer are pretty good, though they are prepackaged. I had fun jiggling around the congealed dressing of my Tuscany salad. I wouldn't say I was FULL full when I finished my meals (maybe I'm just a fatty) but I was satisfied.
5	First, this place changed their hours 11 AM - 9 PM Mon - Thurs & 11 AM - 4 PM Fri - Sun. They were unsure how to change the hours here on Yelp. Raw Vegan is so rare in Vegas unlike LA & this place is offers great Smoothies & Wraps & while I haven't tried it I heard great things about their taco salad !! We definitely plan on going back very often !!
4	I found this place through Groupon, and I'm glad that the pressure to use those vouchers got me to try this place out!  Unfortunately, it's waaaaay across town in an area I rarely go (Rainbow/Russell), so I don't get here very often.  But when I do, I get to enjoy some good vegan raw food.  The menu consists of a variety of wraps, salads, and smoothies that are raw (or mostly raw - some of the wraps are made with rice paper or tortillas, while others use collard or romaine leaves.)They used to do a great combo deal (smoothie and wrap or salad) for $10, but this has been discontinued... probably because it was a crazy good deal and they were barely breaking even on it!  Thus far I have had a green smoothie made with grapes, kale and mango, which was very tasty, but not blended enough... a little chunky; a Florentine wrap - very good!!; a raw cupcake - yum!!; a spicy Thai wrap with almond butter sauce - unexpected sauce flavors, but quite addictive;  and a Caribbean salad with ginger miso dressing - I think they left the coconut chips out, boo, but the dressing was soooo good.  The service is pretty quick, even when they are slammed, and the atmosphere is simple but clean and relaxing (it's next to/part of? a yoga studio.)If you're looking for simple clean wholesome food, this is your spot.  "Entrees" run ~$7.99; they also sell fresh coconut water and Kombucha.
4	This place serves great vegan/raw food. They have a good mix of flavors and ingredients. The pricing is cool too since everything is $7.99 no questions asked. Really enjoyed all 3 wraps I tried. The Baja is spicy and delicious. The Verdi is super flavorful and the make your own is a cool option too. The Ginger Mustard dressing is da bomb. I would like to mention something about the way this place is run though. The ordering,creation,pickup process is MUCH harder than it needs to be. Make shift line always forms from the counter. There are 3 entrances and everyone kinda bobbles into one line. From this line you dont see the menu board. Also you dont realize there is a stack of laminated menus on the counter. These should be in a more conspicuous place so you can look it over before you get to the front. Next, the person taking orders has other jobs so they arent always standing at the register. This is disconcerting to some people who have questions or just want to get their order in to help the line keep moving. There should ALWAYS be someone ready to take your order. Next the order system involving tickets written between the cashier and the cook is fine but this should be simpler. Then once I have paid the cashier is like ok thanks. No direction or anything. It should be explained that your food or smoothie will come out at the other end and you either need to wait over there or come back to the counter when its done. Lastly the person speaks the drink or food that they are putting on the counter. When I was there 4 different people had a Savasana drink and they clearly got served out of order since I was at my table unaware of the process. It would be very easy to take the persons name at the time of ordering and call that out or even better have a numbering system like 98% of other counter service restaurants.   These are all minor distractions to an otherwise wonderful place to eat. I love the great healthy food and I wish I could feel that joyous vibe from all the employees too! As a final note you should order your wrap togo rather than for here. The togo wraps come in a paper wrap so the whole thing is stuffed fuller and much easier to eat.
4	Fresh Mama is conveniently located under Vegas Hot! yoga studio and is a great place to re-energize after a work out and grab one of their healthy smoothies or a Spicy Thai wrap to go home with.  You don't have to be vegan to enjoy this place!  I wouldn't stay there to eat after hot yoga personally, I'd be slightly unsanitary. :)
4	This place is pretty awesome...what a bummer I missed out on the salad/wrap and a smoothie for $10.  I haven't been to Hot Yoga for a long time so I haven't stopped by Fresh Mama.However, I stopped by last week and I am totally amazed by the salad and the smoothie that I picked up.  Note, the salad, wraps, or smoothies are $7.99 each.  While I was waiting for my order to be freshly made, I drank a cup of complimentary water w/electrolytes located on top of the counter.  The first cup is free, and each cup after cost $1.  It tasted pretty good.  It didn't take them long to finish blending all the fresh ingredients for my smoothie and putting together my salad.I will start with the smoothie.  I got the Red Rabbit smoothie. It has grapes, beets, strawberries, coconut meat, coconut water, and vanilla.  OMG, the best smoothie, I repeat, the BEST smoothie I have ever had!  There were so many different flavor profile to one smoothie.  Whoever created this flavor combination is AWESOME!I asked the staff which salad is the most popular, she pointed to the taco salad.  I decided to give it a try. It consisted of romaine lettuce, walnuts, celery, pico de gallo, and other stuff that I can't remember.  There were also two small containers of cilantro dressing.  I am a meat eater, I love meat, but I did not miss it at all.  Actually, I got full off of half of the salad so I brought the rest home for Earl, and he loved it.  He did not believe me when I said there were no meat in there.  Somehow, it tasted meaty.. but no meat!  It was delicious.Food and smoothie is super delicious, but they are pricey.  I am a fan nonetheless.
4	I came here based on a video review that John Kohler did on YouTube.The Florentine wrap and the Taco salad are great! The other wraps are just okay. I feel the food here is not to heavy or salty. Love it!
5	Best food I had all weekend. Need a car to get there, but its a short drive from the strip and the perfect antidote to noisy smoky casinos with excellent vegan food and a calming environment.Smoothies & wraps are amazing, and if you want to pick up a new addiction try the Indian Korma Kale chips, or the onion and flax.
5	They were super friendly from the moment I walked in the door. The woman who took my order was very patient with me and she took the time to explain the menu with it being my first time. I had the most amazing Tuscany salad here. I will definitely be back. :)
5	I have tried a raw vegan place before and wasn't very impressed, so i was hesitate to try another raw vegan place.  But I saw the Fresh Mama deal on Groupon and decided to try it out.Everyone there was very nice and helpful.  They even offered us samples of the scarlet scorpion smoothie... it was very good.  You would have never known that there was spinach in it!  And it taste so fresh.My friends and I ordered the spicy thai wrap... I can't handle spicy food, but it's great for people who love spicy food.  we also ordered the verdi florentine wrap.. This was my favorite.  The hummus is what made it.   we also ordered tuscany salad with "bacon."   It was tasty and the bacon is actually smoked eggplant.. You would have never guessed it. For dessert we got the key lime pie which was awesome.  it tastes much better than the vegan cheesecakes at whole foods.  we also order avocado chocolate pudding...omg... you would have never guessed that it was avocado!!  it was da bomb!  This also beats the tofu pudding @ whole foods.  Overall, the staff was friendly and the food was good and fresh,  It's definitely worth a second visit.  I plan on ordering a smoothie and a wrap for a very healthy meal!!!
5	Their Smoothies are just awesome !
5	So Fresh Mama let us host a Homeschool Board Game Day in their space and it was amazing.  The have a really cool area with a fountain and they have a fount of tasty treats of the vegan persuasion.  So counter the naughty with a little nice this year.
5	I love the smoothies here every one I have tried is delicious. Also they have the best coconut water I've ever had, straight out of the coconut.
4	This is my favorite place to eat in Las Vegas! I got a coupon from the radio shopping show and now I suggest this place to everyone I know! I even got my very carnivorous manly-man boyfriend addicted to the wraps! I come for the Amazon Power smoothies. I wish they still had the 2 for $10 deal!! I can only afford to indulge on an $8 smoothie once or twice a month now.  Thats the only disappointment I've received. If they could lower the prices a bit or maybe offer a stamp card, I'd be here more often. Did I mention this is 40 minutes from my house and I still come?? Delicious.
4	Heeeeeey Mama!I'm so thankful this place is located right next to the Vegas Hot! Studio. It the perfect place after an intense hot yoga or kettlebell class. Everything is super fresh and super organic and super healthy and well, super SUPER!There's a restaurant seating area as well as an atrium seating area. Free wi-fi. Happy employees. Their menu is small yet satisfying. They have wonderful smoothies that are made to boost energy and to re-hydrate. There are also a good selection of healthy wraps. The taco wrap and the BLT wrap aren't listed on their menu. I haven't had taco wrap yet but the BLT wrap is so yummy. Inside a hummus-like spread, tomatoes and "bacon" neatly wrapped in a fresh piece of lettuce. So why do I say "bacon"? Becuase it's actually dehydrated eggplant that's been marinated in something salty...perhaps soy sauce? It definitely has the consistency of bacon. It's not greasy or overwhelming like bacon, though. It's delicious! My friend went to the front and asked how they made this "bacon". Turns out, they sell it in little 1 oz. packages! Win!The fresh coconut water is $3. I'm not a fan of the packaged coconut water sold at stores because they taste artificial to me. But the one at Fresh Mama is sold in the actual coconut with a convenient hole for the straw. Perfect way to replenish those electrolytes after losing them in hot yoga! But the best item that Fresh Mama sells is their quinoa salad. Oh my goodness gracious. First bite of this, the heavens open up and the angels sing in full choir. Perfectly cooked quinoa with bits of dried cranberries and other fresh ingredients. I can seriously buy a tubful of this stuff and scarf it down like there's no tomorrow! You must try this!The only issue I have with this place is that it's a little pricey. But this is expected with the ingredients they use in their food. They recently had a Living Social deal for this place. Apparently they have a rewards program through Perkville, which I have yet to register for.
3	While I want to be in love with a super healthy and all natural vegan place, I can't help but be wanting more for what I paid. At 7.99 a wrap and 7.99 a smoothie, it felt very pricey for a counter-order wrap with no meat (obviously it is a vegan place though). A single item is not very filling, and I would suggest that the smoothie is a better value than the wrap.They should bring back some sort of combo deal, as I think it would generate a lot more interest. While 2 items for 10 dollars was clearly a loss for them, a smoothie and wrap combo for 13 or so would really help add value to the purchase.The tastiest thing I had there was called a Ra Reo Pie, which was an all natural raw oreo pie. The wraps and smoothies, while tasting extremely healthy, were mediocre in taste. Disclaimer: I'm not a vegan or anything, but was craving something healthy.
5	tried this place with a groupon and so far I liked everything I got from the place. the best thing they have is their fresh coconut water, tastes just like home when I used to get em from a coconut tree guy from the philippines who would just climb a tree to get u coconuts for a few dollars. the restaurant is pretty big and it's really convenient when it's nest to the yoga studio I got to. I really loved their Peach smoothie, it tasted so good and it's obvious their ingredients are really fresh. I would have preferred they could have put more spread on my wrap though. I wish they bring back the combo though coz they're more on the pricy side, I guessed it costs to eat healthy.
2	Got to knock Fresh Mama down 2 stars from my original 4 star review, and here is why.I got there and only one order was ahead of me.  Took them 15 minutes to give me the Taco Salad and another 10 minutes to give me my Red Rabbit Smoothie.  Reason being is that while one lady was preparing my salad with some not-as-fresh romaine lettuce as one would expect of a $7.99 before tax salad should be, the other lady was busy chit chattin'.  That's not the worst part.The worst part is that my favorite smoothie in the world, had coconut shells in it.  I had to be so cautious as to not accidentally bite on the shell for that may hit a nerve ending and result in a migraine (happened before with shrimp shells so I am very careful with shell-anything). There were a total of four pieces of this coconut shell that I spitted out.  When the chatter box made my smoothie, I noticed that she had dumped whatever left in the plastic container with the coconut meat in my smoothie.  Wrong move lady.Conclusion:  Meh.  I've experience better from Fresh Mama than this time around.
4	Pretty darn good smoothies and fresh juices, and a very pleasant environment to enjoy it in.
1	It took forever to have my order taken. The guy behind the counter takes my order and then walks away. When I receive my order it is all wrong, when I brought it to his attention, he want to argue with me.  Then another coworker comes over to try and help, he leave and then tells his cowork they are just trying to get things for free but how is that when I already paid for my order. I paid for avacado and there was none in there. Why should I get be charge extra and not receive it.  I have gone here before many times but when I see they guy working I will not return to this establishment.
4	I absolutely loved going in there tonight. I am completely new to a full on eating clean concept (which is all of what I usually follow) and they were super friendly and helpful in looking at different things to try. I'll be going back a few more times before I head home and I'll definitely be back when I visit again. (I have family in the area).
4	Really cool atrium area to hang out in. I enjoyed my smoothie though it was pretty pricey. However, I snagged a slice of pie out of the dessert case and OMG SO GOOD!It was supposed to be raw key lime pie but it tasted more like cheesecake. Delicious, though at $6 a slice it will have to be a weekend treat rather than a regular pit stop.
5	I love the Mango salad. I have enjoyed the Spicy Thai Wrap and the Taco salad. These are the order in which I would choose menu items.  Nothing is made ahead so you can have things added or removed if there is something in a dish you don't want.I don't care for things that are really sweet so as far as smoothies I prefer the Red Rabbit which is refreshing, but the Amazon Power fills me up.  I like both depending on how hungry I am after class. Always consider the specials or off the menu items.  Fresh and what is available makes for some creative and delicious specials.  The Kale salad and Kale chips make great take out for later at work.  Kale salad was very delicious.  I make my own kale chips and Fresh Mama makes them better.  There is free Wifi.  It is a huge and inviting dining and hang out area.  Comfy chairs and conversation areas as well as dining tables and chairs.  I often will drop in to pass time before an appointment or errand.  It is a comfortable place to hang alone or with friends.I really haven't had anything here that isn't good, most things are great.  Perhaps you think all of my reviews are positive, but my mother always taught me if you can't say something nice don't say anything at all.  I review all of my outstanding experiences because I don't have the time or don't want to cultivate the energy it takes to pan someones business.  This is an outstanding fresh place and I take the time because I really want them to stay in business.
5	Love this place! Good food and service! Thai Wrap will make you wanna smack your mama!
4	This place is where I first heard about raw vegan food. I don't remember what I ordered but it was all pretty good (hated it at first though because I wasn't used to raw vegan food). My only complaint is that a lot of food that is made here seems like you can just make it at home at a fraction of the price. I enjoyed my BLT (not on the menu) with eggplant bacon though.
1	Bad service, they literally sprayed me and my friends in the face w a spritzer bottle over 'bad chi' . Rediculous!
4	This review is ONLY based on their spicy thai wrap.Even though I go to VH! 3-5 times a week, I'm always in a rush and never have time to kill at Fresh Mama...... and well, lets face it, I always want something meaty or some ice cream after classes.Anyways, the boyfriend and I were done with a class and had time to kill before another class. We decided to try Fresh Mama. Shockingly, it was the BF's 1st time there, too; despite going to VH! for almost 2 years.I got the spicy thai wrap with "bit-o-smoke" dressing/sauce. It. was. amazing! Especially with their "bacon bits" which are dried spicy eggplant. In fact, I think I like this bacon more than the real bacon. It was crazy that it wasn't meat....it was crunchy and smoking like real bacon... but, without the guilt of fatness.Excited to have my roomies/friends eat here as they're vegan/vegetarian respectively.
1	This place is unreal, in the worst possible way! First of all, you have to wait a good 20-25 minutes for your food to be made, when there's not even any business in the first place. The wrap I ordered was so utterly disappointing that I wish I had returned it. I have never been served such a minuscule amount of food for $7.99. The bad excuse for a wrap that I ordered was literally 1 inch in diameter and not worth more than maybe $1.50, at the most. After I finished my "wrap" I noticed that this place also sells my favorite kombucha. I was really excited about that, until I went to the register to purchase it and realized it was $5! Overall, this place is just so not worth it. Only go here if you don't mind spending $8 for a measly snack, at best and one beverage for $5.
4	Love the food and smoothies! However, the wait time is really long-  20-30 minutes and items are quite expensive. So, I only go there once a month or so.
4	Tried this place a few times after Vegas Hot classes and so far it's been suprisingly good.  I was a little hestitant about the smoothies but turns out they're not bad and quite refreshing.  I even had a tuscon (it's the one with hummus) wrap that's on their food menu and it was great!  I'm not even a vegetarian, but I'd recommend this place for a nice clean meal.  They are a little pricy so that's why I didn't give the full 5 stars, but they do have combo meal specials now and then.
4	Love this place for a quick healthy bite to eat. They have very creative wraps & smoothies and are always willing to offer suggestions on different things to try. They have a few pre portioned items that are great to pick up as snack for later & their bit-o-smoke eggplant bacon is AMAZING!!!!! Crossing my fingers this place continues to grow in popularity!
2	The smoothies are good but pretty expensive.  I liked the Thai wrap.  However, they didn't honor the $10 groupon, only taking $5 off.  Won't be going back.
3	I've only been to Fresh Mama 2 times, and both times they have been out of ingredients for the food items I've ordered. :-(  The substitute ingredients they offered may have made the wrap and salad I've ordered less than stellar (hence the 3 star rating). The smoothies that I've tried were GREAT!  Very fresh ingredients and wonderful mix of flavors.  I've got a Groupon for one more visit; we'll see if the third try of a food item changes my mind.
4	I really want to give this place five stars because their food is SUPER yummy! :) Unfortunately it does take a long time to get your food and the place has a very vacant feel to it due to the empty shelving. There is also a sense that they are understaffed. I look forward to their growth and development.
2	My first experience at Fresh Mama was okay, it wasn't 5 star, but it wasn't 2 star either. After my experience last night I felt it was worth posting my experience.My first visit was during lunch time and while service was incredibly slow and they were out of a lot of foods, I very much enjoyed the food. The staff was helpful in answering questions about my dietary restrictions and finding accommodations.My visit last night was just annoying. I checked Yelp for business hours as I didn't want to drive out of my way, late in the evening just to fulfill a pregnancy craving. Closing on a Friday at 9pm. Cool. I have about 1.5 hours to get there, plenty of time. When we get there there are lots of people walking around the restaurant, but they looked like they were cleaning. The sign on one door said Friday hours were 'til 6pm... the sign on the other door said that hours were until 9pm on Friday. The door wasn't locked and was in fact cracked open. So we get out of our vehicle and walked in.As soon as we opened the door an employee barked 'we're closed.... We close at 8pm on Fridays'. My husband points out the hours painted on the windows and the time listed on yelp. Again, we were barked at 'we're working on fixing that.'I get the impression from other yelp reviews and now my own experience that employees just kinda make things up as they go. They make their own hours and open/close when they feel like it. Recommendation - call before you go to eat... they might have no food and who knows if they'll even be open.
1	The best part about this place is the atrium.  My besties and my daughter are trying to implement more healthy choices so we decide to eat here for some cool Vegan recipe inspirations.Well if you have never eaten here or at any other vegan place do not ask this staff for suggestions  they really do not give very much info.   Anyhow being Asian and used to veggies with great health advantages and tons of flavor I ordered the Spicy Thai wrap.   My friend ordered the Verdi Florentine.  And we got two smoothies  1 Was the Scarlet Scorpion and the other was made to order for my kid.  So let me start with these so called smoothies.  My kids smoothie was so bitter and tart that she could not drink it.  Parts of the white orange rinds and green strawberry leaves were floating in her drink. If you are going to frappe the whole fruit I suggest that they use better machines with higher RPMs. Bitter strawberries and under ripe oranges made for a terrible drink.  Now to our main course I was so excited thinking of how my spicy Thai wrap would be an explosion of flavor ..... WRONG they literally cut up some veggies and threw it in a rice paper wrap.  And offer some gross almond butter sauce to dip it in.  Neither part of the dish had anything to do with how Thai food tastes.  I offer  a suggestion make your raw food flavorful. You can use Celtic salt it is actually Good for you in many ways and would help your place out a ton. It wasn't so much salt I wanted on my wrap just flavor or anything that justified this being associated with the word Thai.  Make a sriracha vinagrette for your veggies or Something it can still be fresh and super healthy. You literally ripped me off with the promise of Thai flavors dancing on my tongue.  My friends wrap was Overwhelming as it was wrapped in a Collard Green. It had hummus in it which I have had super healthy hummus before no oil really good hummus and theirs was not by any means something you should call hummus.  I would never go back to this place I'm fact now I want to make my own veggie wraps and my Belville Juicer will have to make an appearance.  If you don't mind paying someone money to cut up your raw veggies and wrap them then by all means see the slow dumpy ladies at Fresh Mama. sorry but your staff was not very pleasant, fun or educational.  I believe the only reason this place is still open is because they r next to a Yoga place and nothing says healthy like plain raw vegetables. Kudos to you however I would bet the farm instead of using a nasty Almond Butter dipping sauce it would be tastier and healthier to make a vinagrette PLUS THEIR ONLINE MENU SUGGESTED CHEAPER PRICES BUT NOT THE CASE Update your info people
2	God, I would hate to have dietary restrictions. I mean I try to eat healthy whenever possible, but raw food is just unappetizing. Yeah I know it's good for me. It's good to eat walnut puree instead of meat and it's good to eat strawberries within 12 minutes of them being picked but whatever, I like my food cooked. So that's my attitude in general towards raw food and my review comes with it that attitude. That being said, Fresh Mama is seriously lacking. I've had their juices a couple times and today, a wrap. The wrap itself juiced its contents all over my hands and lap. Let me tell you, those contents weren't that good when they were a cohesive unit. They really weren't that good when they were being eaten in their parts with my fingers. In short, I remain unconvinced.
4	Smoothie smoothie smoothie. This place has some of the most epic smoothies I've had in my life. No sugar added, they're perfectly blended to replenish the vitamins your body is craving. My favorite is the Red Rabbit which has beets, coconut meat and vanilla. I prefer to add Sun Warrior vanilla protein, too, for an added kick. These vegans know what they're doing!
2	ATTN IF YOU HAVE THE $10 GROUPONDon't buy a wrap + juice and use your Groupon. I ordered a wrap and a juice which came to $11.46 (I approximated the cents here).I paid $5 for this $10 Groupon and thought, "wow I only paid $6.46 for this meal,".... all dreams shattered.The cashier said he cannot honor the Groupon for both if I order the wrap and smoothie together (HELLO the Groupon says $10 per purchase, not per item!!), then muttered, "comes to $5.98."If I paid $5 for the Groupon AND $5.98 for my order, I saved $0.48 WITH THIS $10 GROUPON WTF. 0 stars for not honoring my Groupon and forgetting to make my wrap. +2 stars for the awesome Spicy Thai Wrap and Twisted Mint juice.
4	Yes you should call first to make sure they are going to be open. Reminds me of a mom-pop shop start-up. So if someone has to run to the market for fresh ingrediants...or whatever....they might have to close early or in the middle of the day. BUT, the food is excellent and the portions are filling for most of us. I love the open air roominess feel of the dining area.
5	I went out on a limb and strayed away from my norm...which happens to be be the Spicy Thai Wrap.  This time I went for the Collard Green Hummus Bruschetta Wrap.....I am officially in LOVE!  It's an amazing combination that works very well together.  So happy :-)
3	If you are an all natural person - this is the place for you!Although I wasn't the biggest fan of their prices - their smoothies are the best! :)I tried their Hawaiian tortoise and the flavor was tasteful. I couldn't taste the spinach but you could tell that that their smoothies are made with real fruits and veggies!My co-worker had a Red Rabbit - which was fruity but there were a lot of beets in her smoothie. The food is filling but again pricing and not a favorite of mine. I had the BLT wrap - which was filling and delicious. Although the meat that they had in the wrap wasn't bacon (since they didn't have any) it was decent for a substitute. My co-worker ordered a spicy thai wrap - which was not the picture we had in mind for a thai wrap (although it does have a lot of kick to it!). Even though the food took longer than expected and the pricing was a little high it was an overall tolerable experience. Pricing is always going to be high especially when walking into an all natural smoothie bar. Maybe next time we'll come before work and just order the smoothie!
5	I called ahead and they had my Junglestorm ready to go to power through my morning!  Bruce you're the man!!
5	This place is absolutely amazing! Before I get into that I wanna start with the fact that its very misleading when people post reviews of this place who clearly state that they are not into "raw/vegan" food and then continue to bash the place for being overpriced or not "filling". As someone who is very into raw/vegan food I can tell you that this place is not expensive for the quality of ingredients in each smoothie and wrap as it would honestly cost the same amount if I tried to make these things myself. Plus they are innovative and create flavors and delicious dishes i would never have even thought of! In terms of healthy food I've had more expensive for less quality. In terms of how filling this place is I was certainly full off my smoothie and wrap separately but then again if you aren't used to eating this way then yes maybe you won't be full but then go hit up a McDonald's if you are clearly going to dismiss nutrition for "full factor"Now onto my review of their food I have has the jungle storm and red rabbit smoothie each delicious and in very large container sizes also you see them add the ingredients themselves which I always like. I've had their baja wrap with collard green outside instead of tortilla and it was the best wrap (vegan or not) that I have ever eaten! Absolutely delicious and flavorful even a little spicy. The only thing I will say is their off menu items (kale chips, desserts, etc) are a little pricey but absolutely delicious and so high of quality (organic and raw) that I cannot resist! Especially when Cheesecake Factory charges $7 a slice why not instead get a raw "strawberry cheesecake" slice for $6 which was amazing and very filling! I couldn't even finish it in one sitting! I've also had their kale chips which were very good the best I've has actually and they put the ingredients on the back if you are into reading labels like I am! Overall very friendly staff I was asking tons of questions about how they make things and they were very helpful and kind even gave me a free cup of smoothie! I 100% recommend this place everyone should be supporting healthy businesses like this!
5	I love coming here after Pilates and get my protein in thro there shakes, it does add up coming here everyday after class, almost seven dollars a smoothy. I have eaten here once and it was great I have to eat there more often. Service it good but slow since they do make everything fresh.
5	This is my second visit to Fresh Mamas. Both times I've come here, it has never been busy. As soon as I walked in, I'm immediately greeted and waited on at the counter. The server was more than helpful, offering suggestions for food and drink.I ordered a Baja Wrap and Eliza Slush. The slush was great. Simple and refreshing flavors of cucumber, celery, coconut water, and I added in pineapple. I couldn't have made it better myself. My Baja Wrap was amazing. I don't usually do raw/vegan. So this is new to me and I'm glad to say I was not disappointed. I was a little apprehensive, but fell in love after the first bite. I was left licking my fingers wanting more even though I was full. Friendly and fast service partnered with good food. I will be back!
5	This was my second trip to this local juice bar! Although I'm not a vegan, my sister is and loves her lifestyle. She recently came to visit from Orange County this weekend, and as always I try to tend to her lifestyle to please her. I know deep down, if I were to start up the grill and throw on a steak, she probably wouldn't be too happy and might end up lecturing me about how to respect your body! She's absolutely right about that and that's why every time she comes to visit this is her FIRST STOP!!I agree that 7.99 is a bit pricey for a drink, but keep in mind that IT IS MADE RIGHT BEFORE YOUR EYES!! It's also organic produce, which tends to be higher in cost&quality! Everything was delicious and the service is kick@**! Another good thing, they have a hot Pilates place next door! Seems so fun to walk next door and enjoy a smoothie after a nice workout! Something I need to try!I can't remember the smoothie I had but it gave me more energy than a red bull!
2	I used to love coming there but their owner really needs to get this place together. The staff is all very rude. They dont greet you when you arrive. They screw up my order almost every time. They only have 10 things on the menu so it shouldnt be that hard. Also, why do they not answer their phone?!?!?! Ive tried for a month calling my order in but they dont answer.
3	Eh, I get it, it's organic, but everything here seems really overpriced. I had a wrap that was 95% lettuce, and it was like 9$. Kinda bland and flavorless....as plain lettuce tends to be. My smoothie was great, but again, over priced. Also the atmosphere was a little too hipstery for my tastes. Might just be a smoothie shop for me.
2	I walked in here feeling amazing, so you would imagine my surprise when I walked out basically having my day completely turned upside down. The staff is extremely rude unless you're a usual or a instructor. It took about 15 minutes for my smoothie and my wrap. And there was no one ahead of me,nor where they busy. The smoothie was extremely tart. However I don't like to judge on first visits so on my second visit I was about 3rd in line, to where there was one cashier... I understand you need to be friendly or want to catch up but that doesn't mean 15 minute conversations. Besides that the wraps are good, not in love with the watered down smoothie or $5 small vegan cupcakes. Prices are somewhat ridiculous. Basically I would not sip the koolaid. You can make basically all the smoothies and wraps yourself. Save yourself the trouble and dont go. Extra star because ambiance is pretty chill and nice.
2	I really hate to write a negative review, but this experience really stood out to me. Looking on Yelp, I realize we weren't the only ones with a poor customer service experience. My friend and I went into Fresh Mama yesterday morning excited about the place. We live so close and figured this could be a place we would come regularly since it fits our eating habits. We were quickly let down the moment we approached the cashier. We had to greet her first. We kindly asked for a recommendation on the wraps and she listed all of them in an annoyed manner. So that was counterproductive. Lol. My friend and I both ordered a wrap. Mine came out first. It took my friend over 20 minutes to get hers because they forgot to place her wrap in the order. If she wouldn't have asked about her wrap they probably wouldn't have ever placed her order since no one ever came around to ask how we were doing. The food is pretty good. The raw vegan desserts & the baja blast wrap helped make the experience better, but we probably won't come back again because of how bad the service was. It's such a shame how uncomfortable it made the whole dining vibe. This place definitely needs some friendly, warm & efficient people to match the quality of the food.
2	They dont have many options.  I like the idea tho.  We had to return my spicy thai wrap because I spent 7.99 for lettuce.  I make veggir wraps at home and stuff every veggie you can think of in there for a fraction of that price.  I also have a nutribullet at home so Ill never order a 5$ smoothie if I can make smoothies for a week for 10$ (kale and frozen fruit.) Organic kale at that.  The atmosphere was very nice though.
4	I first started coming to Fresh Mama because I go to classes at Vegas Hot upstairs, and I always want something refreshing yet filling after class. Sweet Peach Smoothie:I've tried a couple of smoothies, and I've found my favorite recently - Sweet Peach (peach, banana, coconut water, and sunwarrior protein powder)! I've never liked the taste/texture of protein powder, and this one is no exception. However, after a few sips, I usually don't notice the protein powder anymore. The peach and banana combo makes it perfectly sweet and fruity. Spicy Thai Wrap: I've only gotten one wrap here, the Spicy Thai Wrap, and I don't think I need to try anything else, just this one will keep me coming back!  The wrap has lots of veggies, mango chucks, and jalapeno chucks The mango chucks add a hint of sweet and sour, while the jalapeno gives it a nice kick! However, the best part of this wrap is the tahini almond butter dipping sauce. It is legit the BEST dipping sauce I've ever had, I can eat just about anything with this dipping sauce. Disclaimer: I'm nowhere close to being a vegetarian or even a healthy eater, so it's surprising to me that I like the food here so much. It's not for my everyday diet since there's no meat, but I do look forward to the delicious and healthy Spicy Thai Wrap once or twice a week after my hot yoga classes!
1	I went this morning to get wrap for my lunch. Inside restaurant was empty but takes long long long time to get my just 1 wrap to go Oder. Price was over priced for little wrap. Pics looks big n nice but hen I got wrap was so small for 7.95. If u wanna go n try you should call n to go Oder n pick up your Oder better.
5	This was the first time I have been there, admittedly it was quiet. But the food and smoothie were really good. I would recommend this place.
2	Underwhelming, even with a Groupon.For starters, this place is difficult to find- by the time you see the green sign, you've missed the entrance to the parking lot and need to pull a U-turn. And then the parking lot in front is a dead-end, so you end up having to pull back in then back out again to leave.But if you're seeking this place out, it's for their product, not their parking lot.Smoothies and wraps sound good to me, but even perusing their menu online showed me that their prices were a little ridiculous- wouldn't go back without a Groupon, that's for sure.It's interesting to view their changing prices via the pictures here on Yelp- less than a year ago they were $2 less for a drink or a wrap. Produce prices haven't gone up so far to justify that, but whatever.I ultimately got a 24oz Jungle Storm smoothie- their Groupon deals are available in $10 denominations, but when I asked what I could add to my order, they didn't really have an answer. I thought I'd grab a raw dessert from the refrigerated case, but when i realized it was $5 for a cinnamon "bun" that was about the size of a can-lid, I declined and did a coconut water instead.Both drinks were served in plastic cups with plastic lids and a straw. The coconut water was literally poured out of a jug and into my cup. The smoothie was okay though- but nothing special.I get the feeling this place is only in business because they are adjacent to a yoga studio, but even so I'm pretty sure the only reason their prices are so high is to turn a profit- they don't seem to get much other traffic.As an additional note, there were five employees present. And none of them were smiling, happy, or friendly. On the bright side, despite the odd exterior, the inside of the restaurant is nicely decorated and has a giant, decorated tree in the middle- the tables and chairs are nice, appear carefully-selected, and there is a lot of room to dine in if you choose to do so.
2	I would definitely agree with others in saying that this place is very underwhelming.For a place called "Fresh Mama" you feel like it would be vibrant inside or have peppy employees but it lacked both. My boyfriend and I had purchased their groupon and I'm glad I did, because I wouldn't be spending that much money there otherwise.I am a vegetarian, not vegan, and definitely enjoy some healthy food but my smoothie sucked. I'm just being blunt, here. I think I ordered the COCO CAT COW with banana, cacao, vanilla, coconut water & meat... I think. I honestly just remember the powdery taste of the shake and the bitterness. I figured that we had ordered one of the sweetest smoothies there but it really was gross.The waitress that was initially taking our order looked like she had no idea what was going on when we asked for a recommendation. That's when the second one stepped in and recommended the one we ended up getting. She had split the shake into two cups, one for my boyfriend and one for myself. Neither of us ended up finishing ours. I doubt I will be coming back, and if I do, I will avoid coming back when that first waitress is working. The first waitress really just didn't seem to know what she was talking about or doing...
5	I bought a groupon for this restaurant because i recently went vegan and im trying all the places in town that serve vegan/vegetarian and raw menus. I was pleasantly surprised at the prices even without the groupon! $7.95 for a wrap and 2 for $11 was a great deal! The food was very fresh and the tahini dressing that was put on my side salad was delicious! Our food was prepared quickly and the workers there seemed nice. I will definitely be back here again for a wrap or salad!
5	First time I ate a meal here.  I had the taco salad with cilantro dressing.  OMGosh.   You better get some.  Service is with a smile and quick. Also had the vanilla latte with soy milk.  Very good.  Very very good. I should have taken a pic but I ate this meal way to quick.  Honestly.  Try this place. Youll be pleased.
2	The first thing we see when we walk in is the "B" rating! I have never seen a "B" rating before so we questioned whether or not we should even eat there. After debating for a few minutes we decided to give it a try. Well little did we know the rating was the least of our worries. The girl at the counter was a royal Bitch! I don't think she could have been more unfriendly if she tried! On top of the "B" rating and the bitch working the counter the food was way overpriced! Who the hell charges $7.99 for a smoothie?! That's crazy! I can get over the prices but simply because the customer service is so terrible I won't be back. Thank goodness I didn't buy that groupon that makes u go back in 3 separate visits to use it all.
4	Yum, yum, yum for the Baja Blast Wrap, i loved the flavors! Red Rabbit smoothie was nice too w/ the coco chunks. They had smoothie samples out, & I really enjoyed the Sweet Peach. Taco Salad was flovorful as well. Buy the groupon, but beware as the special will not be applicable, so you must pay full price when using coupons. Duuh, eating fresh/raw/vegan aint cheap, & people need to understand that we must buy back our health!
5	There is nothing better than an "Eliza Slushie" from Mamas right after a Hot! workout!! =)). Hands down my "feel good" restaurant! See you there.
3	Ok I come here now after almost every class I love there food, but the employees are so unfriendly I can't take it anymore! I hate feeling like I'm annoying them by coming to there business. I usually eat here to squeeze a workout and dinner in after work but they need new staff or a class in customer service
2	Smoothies are great but the girl who made them.... Not so much. Used a Groupon, dont think i would ever come here without a deal.
4	I never thought I could appreciate vegan food, but after trying Fresh Mama, I have to say I was shocked at how tasty it was. I ordered the Verdi Florentine and it was delicious! Though the food rocked my socks, the front counter ladies could use a course on customer service. It was off putting, however one of the cooks brought out another wrap for my friend who had dropped hers and he was so incredibly friendly it made up for the cashiers. Fresh Mama is amazing and I will be back, I just hope that they push friendliness a bit more.
4	I'm going to start with the pricing. I didn't think this place was at all overpriced. They use Sun Warrior Protein, which is good quality, and quite pricey if you buy a jar of it. We got the Sweet Peach smoothie, which was delicious. Bit O' Smoke salad was AMAZING. The presentation was beautiful...almost too pretty to eat. They garnished it with these fried zucchini (I think that's what they were). The taste was amazing. I inhaled it. Best salad I've had in a very long time. The decor and atmosphere was a little odd. When we walked in, I was quite sure we were in the right place cause it didn't look finished. The girl at the front desk asked if it was the first time we had been there, and we said yes. It would've helped if she had explained the menu or given some recommendations, asked about our dietary concerns, etc. Just something to give us an introduction the the business would've been great. She was friendly though!
3	This is really a 2 1/2 stars but since I KIND OF come here often, I bumped it to a 3 stars.Only reason why I "come here often" is because it is right next to my hot yoga/pilates studio. Smoothies are close to $7.00 and if you get a smoothie + wrap...it's around $13.00. Pricey stuff for what you're getting. Yes...I know it's healthy and fresh but damn...I guess in order to be healthy, you gotta have the $$$ to live that lifestyle =/They take awhile to make your order too. Give yourself around 10 minutes to get your drinks/food. So if you're in a hurry....forget about it.I definitely wouldn't drive all the way out here just for this place.
3	The food was decent. I'm glad there are more vegetarian/vegan options out there. The hummus in my wrap had a bit of a bitter taste. Also, the staff wasn't very knowledgeable or helpful with the ingredients in the sauces. There should be more info on what goes into the foods because some people have very strict diets.
4	I really like this cafe. There is a beautiful sun room to sit and relax in addition to the main dining area. I primarily purchase smoothies before/after class at Vegas Hot. The smoothies are fresh, delicious and energizing. I find the prices to be appropriate for the quality of food and ingredients used.
1	Disappointed with something that can be so good! The opportunity is there, the place is connected to a yoga Pilates studio, you finish a class come to order a smoothie and get less than ample service. The help is kind of rude, very rude actually and not pleasant. Not sure if there was a falling out here or what. They seen to be out of food a lot and aren't nice about it. There's a sign up now that says two egg special, I tried to order it and was told I had to be here at 8 am to get it. Lol. Smoothies are advertised as 7.99 for 24 oz. I paid 9.99, I asked why she said that was the price. I said ok. Thereafter three employees were gathered at the counter and talking about their clients from vegas hot. The gentlemen employee is talking about how the studio needs 1000 new clients to keep open. It sounds like vegas hot management needs to talk to fresh mamas and straighten it all out. Gossip and disgruntled employees are what ruin a business.
1	I gave this place three chances. The first time the food was great. I got the groupon and got baja wrap and peach smoothie. The customer service was complete crap though.  They don't smile, greet, or anything. They rushed me when I ordered and if I had a question they rolled their eyes. Oh. And my last time I went was EARTH DAY and you would think it would be special there but No. The kitchen was even CLOSED!  K BYE.
2	I was enticed by the wraps and salads on the menu. They no longer serve any food other than the "salads in the fridge". If you are into smoothies, they look good. I don't know if they actually are, because I was hungry so we went elsewhere. We came here because of a menu they have out at the yoga studio in the same building a few days earlier. Please update your menu, and when you go to yoga studios passing out fliers, please distribute current menus.
1	The menu here is getting smaller and smaller. No there's no food, and they close at 7 PM. They rarely have the product to make the smoothies that are on the menu. Not really sure what's going on here but it's disappointing.
1	Ummm...WHAT is going on?! -Now they're closed on Sundays.-Smoothie menu has gotten cut in half. Popular smoothies like "Coco Cat Cow" is no longer on the menu. (look at my recent pic I posted of the menu.)-Drinks are split into two separate prices now. $8.00-$9.00 depending on what is in that smoothie. When I first joined Vegas Hot! about a year ago...smoothies were only like....$7.00.-No more $1.00 off discounts if you took a class or "checked in" to social media.Haven't been stopping here after my classes for about a month now. And I don't plan to anytime soon until they change this ridiculousness!
3	Have a smoothie here- wasn't that wow'ed by it. Fresh ingredients though. The girls behind the counter were NOT friendly though.
3	No longer serving food :/ and not a huge selection of smoothies...Still nice to take advantage of a smoothie after a VegasHot! class.
5	This place is freaking awesome.  they make delicious legitimate protein shakes. Best of all their vegan!!  The offer four different delicious salads and are planning on expanding the food selection. This place is connected to a kettle bell/yoga gym and offers yoga and Pilates along with various other workout plans.  The employees are super friendly and the environment is ultra tranquil. There's even a fountain that is running in the middle of the room with Koi fish. I truly enjoy this little spot and will certainly be back.
1	Don't let the hours of operation or "open" sign fool you, no one is ever there to assist you. I've tried three times, now I'm done.
3	The only reason I am giving them 3 stars is the fact they have great healthy shakes, not that sugary powder crap from smoothie places. Other than that, the hours r inconsistent, customer service sucks, and now their menu is only shakes, no more wraps! I wish they can get their stuff together :( because I would go more if they did. Oh, and they are pretty pricey but I wouldn't care if they can at least be consistent.
1	Went here as it was the first to pop up on yelp when I searched Vegan.  They did say they were under new management so I get if not completely organized which is fine but I do feel like I got jipped.  I was looking forward to the taco salad but got a side summer salad which was decent and they did make me a fresh side of dressing since it was missing in the salad and gave us free samples of their power bars which were tasty.  I paid about $28 including tip for a side salad, Nutella panini and a smoothie.  Fine paying if it was amazing and the smoothie was big but ended up throwing away the smoothie cause my daughter said it tasted funny, too watery so if you can't get a kid to love a plain strawberry Banana smoothie then something's wrong.  Hopefully things turn around for them once more settled in.
2	Stopped by here looking for something new and healthy. The lady who helped us was pretentious and rude. She answered all of our questions with the generic 'yes' or 'no'. Was not informative at all. Smoothie was just okay. Came out to $11 because I added a few things to it. Tasted a little watered down but on the plus side, it was big. The scenery in here was very peaceful but I think that's all that I liked about it. Won't be going back.
