4	I have been this vet on several occasions for yearly check ups and vaccinations for my two little mongrels.The staff is always friendly and kind. They really seem to care about my furry little children. The prices are a bit steep, but not more so than most of vets I've been to in the past. I usually use cheaper facilities for spaying, neutering and the occasional vaccination, but it's good to have most of their records all in one place. The vets I've dealt with have a cool and calm demeanor and don't overpressure for add-on services or extras, which I appreciate. I definitely recommend Southwest Animal Hospital if you live in the area.
5	Hey K.C.. you got it wrong.  You went to Tropicana Animal Hospital, not Southwest.  They are about 7-8 miles apart.  James Nave does not work at Southwest.  You gave a very good business a terrible review.  I've been a client there for years.
4	This has been my current vet I have brought Drama (My dog )  here twice ... The staff and Dr. are always nice and helpful .. They even called to follow up on his treatment. also i usually call on short notice and even when they are busy they seem to get me right in !!  I will be going back here in the future
5	Doc Williams was great and so was his support staff, Joy and Melissa. All three were very friendly and professional while making our Belgian Malinois feel very comfortable in a short amount of time.I was given great information, no pressure sales tactics and the services were fairly priced. Definitely recommending SW Animal Hospital!
2	The groomer k she is miserable she treated me like I was a kid and she stink of smoke,yes because of her we r not coming back.
5	Our Malinois had a hematoma in his ear, fairly common, and needed to have it drained, stitched, etc. Dr. Williams removed the hematoma, did a fantastic job, and the ear healed beautifully.However, about a week later the hematoma started to resurface and was back to it's original pre-surgery state. We brought our dog back in and Doc Williams and crew performed the surgery for the 2nd time without charging us a dime!Amazing customer service and people who truly care about their customers, clients and their pets. We'll be bringing all of our pets to SW Animal Hospital from here on out.
4	The whole staff from reception to the doctors are most excellent. I actually think my dog likes going there.
4	Friendly staff.I brought my argyle in for a consultation for his cherry eye (third eyelid). They did itemize the cost for the procedure, but they didn't explain the procedure to me. Luckily I did research the procedure after our appointment and it seemed clear enough. They did charge me $40 which I felt was a bit steep, but I decided to book the procedure. My dog came back a bit groggy,  which is to be expected. They went over the instructions for the post op and were very nice. For the follow up appointment,  they looked at him and said he was good...did I mention another $40 for 5 minutes. Sigh.So, as for the four stars. The people were nice to my dog and I and they me gave a detail account of charges. My dog looked better after surgery. But the follow up charge and consultation charge was too much in my opinion. Thus losing a star.
5	Very nice people and we didn't wait at all!!! I we loved the Mom and pop feel in here :)
