4	A great selection of organic groceries, fresh vegetables, plenty of meat, dairy and beverages. Also has an extensive selection of organic/'ethical' cleaning supplies, soaps, shampoos and makeup. Stocks local products like Charlevoix meats and Dieu du Ciel beers. Features some brands of things like cider and cookies I just can't find at many other places. The health supplies can be a little pricey (like everywhere else) but the food is often cheaper than organics at other Mile End groceries.
4	Best health food store in town ! One stop shop with great service ! Clean , up to date and with great monthly specials . Mile end's nicest store...period
4	Arnica and health foods....all they need is an absinthe bar and they'd be perfect.
1	Called them up and ask them if they had a product.  The associate on the phone was helpful and I told him I would be there in 20 minutes to pick up the item.  When I arrived I told the owner what I was looking for and he said (knowing that I had called) that it would be in stock 5 days later.  I told him that I had just called and that he said it was in stock and he just shrugged his shoulders WTF!
3	ya pretty good. i guess i'm so used to these kinds of products just being integrated into normal stores as they are in Vancouver. but as far as bio-stores go this is fairly typical in Montreal. lots of pricey items, kinda crappy produce (but this seems to be a normal thing in Montreal in the dead of winter) and good little selection of local microbrews by the cash. it's ok, but not great.
4	Location: On St. Viateur Ouest in the Mile End. You'll need to use transit or drive to get there. Street parking seems to be based on the lottery system - i.e. if you find a spot, you've hit the jackpot!The goods: This health food store offers you pretty much anything you can think of and not just in the form of groceries either. They've got supplements, cosmetics, herbs, raw food, organic, gluten-free and eco-friendly products. I was pretty impressed with their selection of supplements - it had everything that I normally buy and more, and a lovely, knowledgeable clerk who happily took the time to explain the difference between two of the products we were looking at.  I would say that this place is on par with Tau and Rachelle-Bery.Price: I had a peak at a few things and the prices were pretty standard for what you'd find in a health food store. In some cases, they may have been a bit higher. This place is a great little spot - check it out!
4	Small green organic market with a lot of goods. So many kinds of chips and sauces. I love the green logo
4	I like it. It's not a bad store, and it is pretty large for Montreal. I wouldn't say it's as large as Avril (that store is a monster), but for its location, it is a good size with a good range of products.Weleda, Dr. Hauschka, Tom's, all the usual suspects are there for beauty. They also have drinks, food, a great flour brand (Milanaise), but the ONE THING that will make me come back and buy again are their vegan wraps in the fridge.I took the sushi vegan wrap with la sauce dragon and OMG... It has to be hands down the most delicious thing I've eaten all week, and I've been nomming my way through Montreal like a piglet.It's vegan, which surprised me because the tempeh was delicious, the veggies were good, the dragon sauce.. I could drink a bucket of that stuff, and all for $5.99. I am going back there tomorrow to buy two more wraps (not just one this time) and going to love every minute of it.To put into perspective how good it is, I had a steak and mushroom pie from Ta Pies around the corner, and I preferred my vegan wrap. O_O
