5	The perfect place to stop by before/after dinner for a glass of wine.  I found some amazing bottles that I had shipped home from their store across the way from the bar.  It is located in the center of the Shoppes at Palazzo, one level above the casino.
4	They offer VERY generous 2 and 5 oz. glasses of wine from around the world. Due to their unique preservation system they are able to offer highly sought-after wines not usually poured by the glass. Great spot.
5	Best bartenders and manager ever.   Funny and generous.   Great wines.  Full bar.   Jokes are on the house... IF you can keep up. ;)Much love to "Joe Dirt" and everyone there.Located in The Palazzo past Barneys, Burberry and right outside Christian Louboutin (handy!)....  do pay them a visit and tip well. They deserve it.
4	My friend and I were looking for somewhere on the quieter side so we could catch up without needing to yell at one another while getting a drink.  We decided to check out what was in the new Palazzo Hotel, and we ended up at Double Helix.  The drinks were really good (I had a lychee martini-type drink), and the bartenders were super nice.  They gave us some nut mix to munch on while we were drinking.  They play a variety of lounge and hip-hop music, and also show ESPN and ESPN2 on the TVs.The only minus is that they close at 12 midnight, though they stay open until whenever you want to leave.  When we left at 1 am, there was another group that was still there.
5	Sure, it's a bit pricey, but it's the Palazzo.   This place is all about wine.  They offer 21 reds by the glass, 6 champagne and bubblies, and 13 whites.  That's quite a selection.  And it's not the same old song and dance.  You could really branch out and try some new and interesting wines.  They also offer an array of margaritas and martinis.  Worth mentioning is the Orin Swift Cellars "The Prisoner" Napa '07 blend.  It was $24/glass, but I enjoyed every cent of it.  They also sell the bottle in the retail boutique next to the bar for $52.  Had to buy it.
5	Great place for a drink if you're tired after shopping or you're a guy who needs a drink while your wife/girlfriend is charging away at Christian Laboutin or Fendi.  The location is prime - right in the heart of the high-end shops in the Palazzo.  The seating is varied and comfortable, with couches available; I prefer the cushy seats at the large bar, where they have flat-screen TVs usually showing sports.  The bartenders are friendly and most days the owner will be around making sure everything is up to snuff.The wine selection is vast and impressive...  very hard to find selections such as "The Prisoner," Gaja or Ken Wright Pinot Noir by the glass in other bars or lounges in Vegas.  The prices are a bit high, but you are on the Strip in one of the finest hotels in the world so what else would you expect.  The boutique has some impressive wines for sale, too - show me another shop that actually has Screaming Eagle, Harlan and First Growth Bordeaux in stock.  They also offer flights, which is a great way to experiment.The cocktails are also very tasty; I'm a big fan of their namesake cocktail, which is basically a strawberry mojito (served w/ premium Ten Cane rum).  Delicious and refreshing, especially if you've been hoofing it outside in the Vegas heat.  They also have a limited food menu from Emeril's restaurant if you've got the munchies.Been there many times and will be back.  If you enjoy wine or cocktails in an upscale, laid back atmosphere, Double Helix is a great place to find yourself.
2	It's like a huge expensive kiddie pool in the middle of a shiny vast high-end shopping mall. I suppose it's a prime spot for people watching, or as I like to call it to justify all-day drinking, conducting an urban ethnographic study. Unfortunately, the subjects are primarily French-manicured zombie consumers of ridiculously pricey and hideous designer crap dookie, which is to say, bor-rring. The Ken Wright Pinot Noir was unassuming at best--or maybe the lifeless atmosphere seeped into the wine. My mister, a manly man, indeed, eschewed public wine drinking and instead ordered a gin and tonic. If your poison is lots of ice and loads of tonic water, then get yourself a $12 cocktail in this joint! Our bartender was courteous but appeared to be MIA for a Southern minute, and the three other staff people seemed distant and dulled, often staring out into the vast terrain of the mall and emitting feintly audible sighs. Maybe they were thinking, "Is this all there is?" I know I was.
4	I give the wine bar 3 and the boutique 5.  The bar isn't the most comfortable, even if you're on the pleather couches.  Their wine selection is good, but the bartenders didn't seem to know anything about anything, so there was no point in asking questions.  Pricey glasses, but you could go for a half pour, or a flight which is a good option.The boutique is great, and the guy running it (Nick?) was incredibly helpful and chatted with us for 30 minutes about wine, showing us different things, telling us stories, etc.  We felt very comfortable buying a $20 bottle he recommended over all the other far more expensive bottles - no pretense at all there.
3	The selection to choose from is quite good and the service was friendly and helpful. The servers were very knowledgeable and helped us pick some good wines.The only thing I didn't like about Double Helix is that it is smack dab in the middle of a mall (a nice mall, but a mall nonetheless). I kept expecting Paul Blart Mall Cop to wheel by while I enjoyed my wine flight.On Fridays they offer wine tastings... except for the Friday we were there when they were having a Vodka Tasting (just our luck!)There's also a wine store nearby if you want to pick up a bottle of interesting wines to take with you.If you like to try good wines this would be a good place to grab a glass of Vino while shopping or dining at The Venetian or Palazzo.
5	A welcome Oasis in Las Vegas.  None of that glitter piled upon glitter.  Just quality wines, surroundings and staff.  The owner, Raymond Nisi, is a guy who has repotted himself from opthamology.  He not only took care of us personally (like royalty), but when we said goodbye he walked us to the exit so we could find our way out.  This little hideaway is a surprise, plunked down in the middle of a high-end shopping mall.  But don't miss it.  Definitely worth experiencing.  And don't forget to check out their wine bar which is next door.  Lots of killer deals.  I particularly liked their Fat Bastard.  Aside from the cool sounding name, the wine is a great value.
4	I was visiting Vegas for Halloween and the day after I was looking for a quiet little place to have a glass of wine.  I love wine bars.. well actually it's mainly wine that I love and after a little research I decided to try out Double Helix.  The Boutique has a nice selection of wines that aren't to overpriced considering it's location in the Palazzo right on the "Strip."  I decided to choose a bottle and go to there Wine Bar located just outside the store. The Wine Bar located right in the middle of the mall doesn't have the appeal as many of other places in Vegas, but still looks nice.  Did I forget to say it was nice and quiet?  It was very enjoyable to not pay $18 for a glass of decent wine.  Not to mention listening to da,da,ding...da,da,ding...da,da,ding  from the slot machines or clickety clank from the peddlers on the corners trying to give you cards for strippers!  I'd recommend buying a bottle at the boutique and paying the $10 corkage fee.  Have a glass at the wine bar and take the bottle with you.  There are deals to be found on the "Strip" in Vegas and this is one of them.
3	I don't think I'd go out of my way to visit the Double Heix wine bar, but it's a decent spot to plop down and have a drink and a snack when you're tired from tromping around the Venetian-Palazzo megaplex. The bar has an open layout and sits at a crossroads in the mall, so it's a good place to people-watch. When we stopped in, they had a number of decent wines on the list, including the Roessler 'La Brisa' pinot noir, which really blew me away. We also had an unexciting but inoffensive cheese plate. it was apparently from Emeril's "Table 10" restaurant, but certainly didn't motivate us to dine there. The staff was friendly enough, and they offered small "tastes" before pouring glasses.  At times, they seemed more interested in chatting with each other than checking on the clientele; I didn't have to yell or anything, but there were a few frustrating minutes of trying to catch someone's eye. The boutique is mostly overpriced, selling bottles at restaurant prices. They have a really obnoxious display of Ed Hardy wines by Christian Audigier that I fantasized about tipping over. The saleswoman was almost too friendly and not particularly knowledgeable. We did manage to find a couple of things in the ~$20 range that were not totally overpriced, including a Chapoutier Cotes du Rhone and a cuvee of Freixenet that isn't widely available. I'd say maybe 3.5 for the wine bar and 2.5 for the boutique, so 3 overall.
3	Double Helix was definitely not what I was expecting. Not in a "oh my goodness this is horrible" sort of way, but definitely not in the "oh wow! I want to come back here all the time and enjoy wine" type of way. It seriously feels like you're sitting in the middle of a hallway in the Palazzo. That's because you are. It's a circle clocked off with some VERY comfy couches and a pretty big bar selection and soo much wine to pick from too. However, it's not intimate and quiet like I would expect a wine bar to be. After the third or fourth group of drunk bachelorette parties walked by, I was getting over it.The food is from Table 10 and I highly recommend the panini. DELISH! Fabulous wine selection, took me a long time to figure out what one (or two or three) I wanted, but I was pleased and enjoyed every glass.The bartender was incredible! He wasn't hovering, but very attentive to when my water glass was empty and when I finished my wine. He was awesome! I may stop by on my way to another venue for the evening, but don't go here if you're expecting a quiet, intimate wine bar to have a good conversation with whomever you're with.
1	I stopped by to get some coffee and snack at the center bar. The bartender was loud and awkward in his behaviour ignoring me for the first 5 minutes. He was definitely under the influence. Finally he asked me what i needed (!) I asked him if he could make a cup of iced latte and after the positive answer, ordered such. He made hot coffee, dropped couple ice cubes in it, added milk - that was his definition of ice latte. I didn't want to make a big deal, paid, took my coffee and left. On the way out I sipped my coffee hoping it was ok, but it was disgusting colored water. I had to come back and asked the bartender if he could make another normal one. He turned red, and loudly in aggressive manner was demanding answers what was wrong with the coffee he made. I explained to him after what he yelled in my face i should go get coffee somewhere else. He throw couple dollar bills at me screaming "you can go and have it on me"...i actually paid for it (!) I did let him know he is out of control and rude asking to speak to his manager. He yelled me "And who are you for me to do so?" He took a business card out of the pocket throwing it at me, saying "here, come and visit me!" The following day i got a hold of the general manager of double Helix bar and boutique. She seemed to be aware of the situation but expressed very little interest at hearing it from me. There was simply no appology. I made it very clear I didnt come to ask for any accommodation from them, but wanted the bartender to be held accountable for his unappropriate insaulting behaviour. The manager refused to contact the owner and refused to provide me with his contact info. The following day, I was reading some Vegas magazine and ran accross an article about Double Helix and the owner. From that article I got his name and decided to try my luck by emailing him at the address combined in several variations of his first and last name at doublehelix website, hoping he wasn't aware of the situation but can satisfy my request. Suprisingly i got an answer from him in a day or so. It was full of protection for his bartender, indicating how great he was and hinting how much i was wrong and unappropriate (!) Are you kidding me?! Big spendings or not, i was a customer! I thanked Mr Nisi for his time but let him know i will use my way for the truth to come out planning on writing the review at least. In return, Mr Nisi got a hold of my employer making up false accusations and saying i was threatening him. Sure, if writing a review is a threat!...I believe i have all rights to do so. It wasn't a threat, it was a promise. The lesson of my story is - there are retailers, bartenders, owners of businesses, people working in customer service who does judge you by the way you are dressed and how much money you spend. They are not willing to take care of you even though it is their job and they are paid for it! We, customers, pay for it. And I refuse to pretend it is ok the get this kind of service in "high-end" place. Wine, dinner, coffee, or water, doesn't matter. And no matter how wonderful Double Helix may sound on their main web page, the reason to have a rude bartender, it is because it is allowed for him to be so, it is beacuse the owner himself exactly like that! Simply a jerk
4	Great staff, very helpful in wine suggestions. nice place to people watch in the palazzo shopping area.... I personally love to do a wine flight right next to DVF :)Had a FANTASTIC kenneth wright Pinot Noir due to a staff recommendation- soooo good! Wine shop next door to buy selections... good cheese platter as well.Definitely would come back here... different vegas type of vibe.
4	PROS: Good Drinks, Nice staff. Located in the middle of Venetian and Palazzo. My friends and Parked at Palazzo but decided we wanted to take a long stroll and eat at Venetian and we figured the walk through the Palazzo would work up our appetite. Did I mention that we were extremely hung over and thirsty as hell? I mean, its Vegas.....who comes here and doesn't have a hangover right? so we walk....and we walk...and I start to feel fatigue! We literally run into Double Helix which is right smack in the middle!! We order some drinks and it totally quenched our thirsts! There are comfy chairs which you just sink into. After the drinks, we re-gained our strength and continued our journey to The Venetian. CONS: No cons but a nice quiet bar to kill some time. Come here and use as a rest stop, if you're looking for a place to party...head somewhere else! FINAL ANSWER: Pull over for a Beer!
3	I love wine. I am especially particular of the places that I go to have a drink of wine. I personally do not care for this establishment. Its basically a center bar on the second floor of the palazzo. I like my wine bars intimate. People are constantly walking in and out of this bar, since it is very open. I think it is a great place to meet up with friends to get good wine on the strip (without having to sit down and eat somewhere), but I wouldnt go out of my way for the Double Helix. They honestly have a great staff, and there is always a sommelier whenever I have been there, in case if I need a recommendation for wines. They also do have a good wine selections, but I would say that some of the items are over priced for their quality. But I suppose what would you expect from a place that is located in the middle of the strip. They do however offer weekly free tastings. But I believe that they are in the middle of the week, so please do not plan to be at work the next day without a hangover.There is also a wine shop right next to it, in case if you are interested in buying any of the wines on the menu.
3	Cocktails were tasty; tender was less than pleasant.
3	Situated in the heart of the shops at Palazzo, this unassuming wine bar offers decent selections at the bar and good to great selections in the shop located adjacent to the bar. Bottle prices are a bit high, but that's what Vegas is all about. I was disappointed with the glassware, which ranging from either the O-Line series to small bowled glasses with short stems, reminiscent of bad hotel banquets. For a wine bar, I simply expected more in terms of glassware.Other than that, the staff was friendly and kept my glass filled!!!
4	LivingSocial? Groupon? I can't remember which one gave me this $25 for $50 worth of drinks but thaaaaank youuuuu! We ordered 4 drinks to hit the $50 and hot damn! That is cheap for Vegas. We both ordered their winetails (wine cocktails if you didn't catch that...). I got the one with prosseco and lychee something? It tasted a bit watered down but it was good. My second drink was the Double Helix which had muddled strawberries and rum. Yummy! That was my favorite. It tasted like a smooothie with alcomahol in it. With all the hustle and bustle of Vegas, it's nice to just sit down in a quiet area and enjoy some drinks with your friends. The couches were pretty comfy :)FYI, there is no happy hour from 10 to close. The website and the TV screen at Double Helix are wrong.
2	...first the good...the service was attentive and our server was knowledgeable about the wine served...now the bad- that would be the wine and the cheese, yes the wine and the cheese...first the enigmatic cheese plate...for those of you who don't know, including those who run Double Helix a cheese plate is judged by the engaging nuances it creates not the per pound serving...our cheese plate (transported over from Table Ten...) had HUGE chunks of cheddar cheese (old as my girlfriend pointed out) and equally large and I mean LARGE chunks of Manchego cheese- combine that with a slice of Brie that on first glance looked like a piece of cheese cake it was so big...hint for management LARGE chunks of cheese mean they have so little value you are willing to give them away by the shovel full...it would have been nice if the server told where each was from but all he knew was the generic name...and now the wine...when one sits down in a cozy spot at the Palazzo you don't expect to have a wine list culled from the selves of Alberstons supermarket...Kim Crawford is really the most original Sav Blanc you could find, REALLY- hmmmmm...Kim Crawford a standard in every supermarket west of the Mississippi and the server was bragging what a find it was...how about the Sonoma-Cutrer Chardonnay, the old 90's standby for every four star hotel of the Ritz Carlton genre- HOW ORIGINAL!!!! This place has lots of potential- hire someone like Robert Smith-the sommelier  at Picasso to advise on a wine list and stop having the backserver at Table Ten make your cheese plate and then and only then will you be able to embark as a successful wine bar...
3	Good place to stop when you're lost in the Palazzo. "Really, where does the Venetian end and the Palazzo begin!?""Let's have a glass of champagne and see if we can figure this out."
4	This has morphed form a wine bar to a wine and whiskey bar...and serves all sorts of other cocktails. Not a bad thing!  Good selection of all of the above. Good service, and they qualify as a wine bar to me as they do offer flights.  Odd location though.... middle of corridor in the shopping maze along the canal...never sure what time it is there thanks to the recirculated air and painted blue skies!
4	Great spot for a half-time break from shopping and get your buzz on with one or more of the many thirst-quencher options. Highlight: HiDef flat screens to watch the game
4	Non descript bar in the middle of the high end stores at the Palazzo (Across from Christian Louboutin to be exact). Popped in here to catch the end of the Lakers game and had a great experience.  It took me forever to decide what kind of drink I was in the mood for, given that it was 3pm and I do not hardly ever drink in the middle of the day, except for vacation.  I really wanted a rose Moscato Brachetto blend, which they didn't have (they were out of rose and Hendricks gin, FYI), so I asked to try the regular Moscato sparkling wine. The bartender quickly gave me a little taste.  It was delicious!  I ended up ordering 2 glasses and my friend loved it as well and she ordered some too.  Bar staff is attentive without being overbearing.
4	If you're all about "people watching" (and being watched back), this little place at The Palazzo Shops is where beautiful drinks meet beautiful people.  True, it is in a mall, but you get to see all the tourista's walking through and window shopping while sipping on some very nice libations.They say the circular bar features more than 50 wines by the glass, available in either 2 oz. taste portions or 5 oz. glass servings. And there is an adjacent boutique showcasing nearly 300 bottles of rare and hard-to-find labels from all over the world. I enjoy the spirited martinis and the munchies available from celebrity chef, Emeril Lagasse at Table 10...just steps away.
2	Impressive list of wines with some nosh but the customer service is just plain sad. Requested a taste of the Pascual Toso and was told no because it was not open. It's served by the glass (everything is) so open it and please give the customer a sip. We toyed with the idea of food and settled on some flatbread. Not sure where they went to get the food but it may have been L.A. Bad customer service and slow to come food, I'll pass on this "wine bar".
4	When the Better Half and I are in the Palazzo, Double Helix is a must stop for us.  We love how the bar is in the middle of the shopping mall in the Palazzo.....it's perfect for people watching, which is one of our favorite pastimes.  We'll saddle up to the bar or relax in the center of the lounge area.  Either way, it's a nice break from the action.The prices for Wine in the Wine shop is pretty reasonable too and I heard they deliver to your hotel room.....much cheaper than room service and better quality Wine!Return Factor - 88%
3	The wine is expense, but I guess everything in Vegas is expensive. It was definitely tasty and the bartender was helpful in choosing a glass.
3	Double Helix Wine Bar and Boutique (Boutique?) has the ambiance of, well, an Orange Julius in say, Omaha: Except it's in a mall that happens to be anchored by a hotel above it and a casino below it. Situated as an island on the shopping floor of the Palazzo, Double Helix is a great place enjoy a $15 cocktail or glass of wine if you happen to be there for some reason.But there's beer too: Double Helix prides itself on having an impressive selection of Belgian Ales and Lagers. Which it does, all in bottles -- nothing is on tap. But on the other hand, there are comfortable couches and really fast servers, so I can't complain too much. If only they had soft pretzels, they could call themselves Liquor Julius.
4	Vegas is full of surprises, some pleasant and some not so much.  Double Helix Wine Bar & Boutique falls squarely in the category of a very pleasant surprise.  The Double Helix Wine Bar is on the 2nd floor of the Palazzo's retail area occupying a circular bar area with a few tables and adjacent to the DH Wine Boutique.  The boutique carries a lot of nice bottles of wine from around the world.  While not the broadest selection, there's something for almost every taste.Although the shop was good, it was the wine bar that really hit the home run for the girlfriend and me.  The Double Helix offers more than wine.  It's a full-service bar which also offers flights of scotch and beer, and also has diverse list of original cocktails.  I went with the wine and built my own red wine flight selecting the Chateau Rollan De By Bordeaux, Medoc, France '03; the Robert Mondavi "Oakville", Cabernet Sauvignon, Napa Valley, California '07; and the Spring Valley Vineyards "Uriah" Meritage, Walla Walla, Washington '07.  We were a little hungry so we decided to get an order of the Candied Bacon and Cheese Board.  Double Helix' food selections are prepared by the nearby Emeril's Table 10 restaurant.  The cheeses were good, but the Candied Bacon was outstanding.  Everything goes better with bacon and red wine is no exception.  The sweet, savory crispy thick-cut bacon was a taste revelation and a great accompaniment to the trio of bold reds.  As for the wines, each were full-bodied but had differing characteristics and qualities.  I enjoyed the Bordeaux, but it was the least of the solid trio while the Washington State Meritage made the biggest impression on me.  Double Helix Wine Bar & Boutique offers a nice change of pace, a bit of calm amidst the Vegas hustle and bustle.  Double Helix is a good place to catch your breath and enjoy some tasty grape juice!
4	What a great little place to go to get a glass of vino and a bite to eat - not to mention peruse the wine they have in the boutique.  After walking around one day, the BF and I decided to stop in here for a look see.  They have a decent wine list and a small selection of small bites.  The BF and I decided on getting a flight of wines - each different wines so we had numerous to sample.  The food though was one huge surprise to me.  Granted, we only got a cheese plate and the caramelized bacon - but oh they were both so good!  The extra "sauce they gave us for the bacon - pure heaven.  My wine flight consisted of the Qupe cab I think it was an 08, the MaCauley cab 07 and the Stags Leap "Fay" cab 06.  of the three, my favorite was the Stags Leap and though I've had the Artemis before, I've never had the Fay; I can say I will be buying it the next time I see it!  This is definitely a good place to sit and relax and have a glass of vino.  The other great thing about this place - the nice selection of scotch (I may have to do the Scotch flight next time)
4	A while back a groupon came out for this place.  $25 for $50 worth of wine from either the bar or the boutique store.  Not valid for food.  Yada yada yada... all the typical groupon rules.  We are oenophiles so we bought the maximum allowed - 3 groupons.  Finally we trudge down to the strip and my husband discovers - shocker - that the wine is overpriced.  A bottle of wine we got at Costco for $17 goes for $28 here.  So, basically, if you buy wine here the groupon gets you nothing but the same price at the Summerlin Costco.  Boo.But my husband discovered the glassware is actually reasonably priced.  I didn't think it would work, but viola, they took the groupon for the glassware.  Not only that, but they took the second groupon for two wine flights at the bar and a third groupon for another piece of glassware.  All in the same trip.  Adding to the strangeness, the same nice gentleman helped us with the glassware (both times) and the wine flights because it was just that slow on a Saturday night.So what's my point.  Very nice folks.  Good wine, albeit overpriced.  Nice atmosphere and not crowded.  Check it out.
3	This place was neat to be situated right in the middle of the casino's mall.  It was very well decorated and tastefully done.  The bar is extensive as is the lounge seating.  My friend and I sat here and had some light fare for dinner as the pricing was a bit Pricey.  I had a cheese platter which was delicious and they stacked it up.  From what I understand the food actually comes from another restaurant in the mall.  The wine was good but over priced, and the waiters were very well versed in the wines.  We also ordered up some brownies for dessert - um they came in a prepackaged bag - and they served them just so.  They were YUCK!  Don't try them!Would I go back?  Probably not.  For what it was only if I worked in that mall would I actually go back.
2	This was a really cool lounge to run into while walking through all the shops. The reason why it only gets two stars is because they advertised it as a wine and whiskey bar. The wine selection was quite small and the whiskey selection was even smaller. I decided to stop because I wanted to try some new whiskey, they didn't have anything I haven't had before. The service was great and it's a cool spot, but it was lacking.
3	This is a perfectly nice little spot to stop before, mid, or after shopping. I definitely like how it is right in the middle of all of the shops. The wine selection is decent, but certainly nothing amazing. And while yeah, it is Vegas and the Palazzo, $18+ for a little glass of wine seems excessive (they also offer some wines by the 1/2 glass - yep, 1/2 glass). So nice place for a pit stop, but definitely over-priced.
2	So what is so great about this place. It is located in the middle of the Palazzo and has no atmosphere. We went for happy hour and got a $3 glass of their private label wine (It tastes like Rutherford groove which goes for $5 a bottle WS) Their overpriced wine/spirits flights ($20-$40 a flight) are half price during happy hour, so happy hour makes the price for the flights not too laughable. I can see people stopping to get off their feet and have a drink, but I would not call this place a wine bar. It is just the seating area for the adjacent overpriced wine shop.
4	I'm *still* thinking about the drink I had at Double Helix and figuring out how I'm going to replicate it at home. We were staying at the Palazzo so we stopped in for one drink before heading over to SUSHISAMBA for dinner. Granted, we only had a drink each so my review is a bit limited, but I can definitely say that the Double Helix, their signature cocktail, is delish! The bartenders were great and the setting was great, as well. Also, for foursquare users, check in and it's buy one, get one 1/2 off! Score. :)
3	I discovered this place a while ago and used as a landmark to meet friends in the Palazzo.  It is a bit pricey but I like the fact that they have liquour flights and let you build your own wine flights.  The wine here is nice and I have always had friendly service.  If you are in the area check it out, but not worth going out of your way.
3	Looks great, but every time we tried to come here, it was closed. Go figure. A bar closed in Vegas?
3	We popped in here when a friend was in town and we were strolling around the Palazzo. Aside from the posse of "Wolfpack" miscreants who kept calling everything "gay", the atmosphere was very nice.It did feel a bit like a bar you'd find in a department store, though -- which is fine, that's basically what it is: a reprieve from shopping to get your booze on.I had a Grape Crush (vodka, muddled red grapes and soda water). It was good, but basic. Much better is their signature drink, the Double Helix, which was white rum, lime juice, with muddled strawberries and rock candy served in a BIG stemless globe glass. For $12, it was the best bang for my buck... I drank half and when we were ready to get back to walking, the rest still almost overflowed the plastic "to go" cup the bartender gave me.(Pro Tip: don't laugh and try to suck muddled strawberries through a straw at the same time. Sinuses are not welcoming to smashed fruit.)I'd order the Double Helix again for sure and maybe pop in for a glass of wine, but it's not a destination lounge.
5	The service was excellent.  The outdoor patio was delightful. It was comfortable and although it was not cold that afternoon, they do have firepit and heaters if needed.  Relaxing and fun people watching. Good wine selection and helpful feedback from staff when asked.
2	Just OK.  Not much going on here...
4	I got a double helix mixed drink here while the wife went shopping.  It kind of seemed like a strawberry mojito.  Very refreshing, and makes shopping with the wife less boring!
4	If for nothing else go for the bacon.  Service was good, Decent drink selection.  The bacon is perfect, the right amount of spice and sweet and the texture was spot on.
4	This is a great bar.  I love the fact that you sit in an open circle providing ample opportunity to people watch the high end shoppers.  Good service and great selection of whiskey, bourbon, gin, and other yummy distilled treats.
4	Only been here once, for a short spell, but it was nice.  Did a tiny bit of shopping on the 2nd floor of the Palazzo (really, it was only like 15 minutes; I had a coupon that was expiring the next day, so I had to hit up the store really quickly) and Jim G. sent me a quick text to tell me where he was waiting.  Was greeted by a bottle of champagne on ice.  That is the way to keep your wife happy =)Nothing too extravagant, mind you, but some afternoon champs is nothing to sneeze at! The mark up was super reasonable, especially for a Vegas place!  Service was relaxed but attentive. A nice little break: away from the hum of slot machines, looking at the Christian Louboutin store, enjoy some bubbly.  Not a bad way to spend a little bit of time in the afternoon. =)
3	Four of us stopped for libations after an awesome 4 1/2 hours in Canyon Ranch Spa.We all had a drink and shared a pizza.The drinks were on the small side for the not-small price, but tasty and enjoyable.  Same applied to the pizza - small, expensive, tasty.The open environment was an interesting combination of being generally open to all the surrounding area yet still quiet enough that we could easily converse.We had a nice time here.
4	Stopped by here for a quick regrouping / catching up... think "pre-drinks" before the real evening started... Generous pour of my favorite vodka (Hanger One Lime) so they're good in my book! Plus our server was friendly and really on top of her game... considering we were constantly ordering drinks left and right! Alcoholics... for the weekend!
5	We held a private event in this space and the experience was stellar.  The management and staff were extremely helpful and friendly.  The liquor selection was wonderful and most importantly, our guests had an outstanding time.  We really made a great impression with them using this venue and I highly recommend it to event planners in need of a space in Las Vegas.
4	Good little place to get some apps and drinks. Charcuterie plate is good, service is good and is comfy.I like this place
4	I can only review the service and the dessert at this small outpost in The Palazzo. We stopped in to get a nightcap cause I was craving some whiskey with dessert. They have a pretty decent whiskey selection and the bartender was very helpful when I asked him for suggestions. His suggestions also came out to be very good for both my taste and my husband's taste. The dessert (beignets) were lovely, little balls of fried white chocolate goodness, which tasted especially good with our drinks. Price is kind of step, but then again you are in Vegas.
4	Great service. Eric is one of the funniest bartenders there. Also they know what their doing with drinks to make sure they taste good.  love to prefade there before my night begins !!
4	Around November 2012, the No1DP was in Vegas for the first time in his life for a conference. He remembers that he stumbled on a wine bar "somewhere in the Venetian shops" and had one of the most memorable wines he's ever had. The wine in question was a Rombauer Chardonnay with a very distinct flavor profile, unique among any wine he's had so far. He said to me over several FB and Skype chats that "when we go to Vegas, I'll take you here and we will have this drink". One year later, we find this wine bar to be here an hour before it closed. We had plenty of wine over the course of the night and for me, this would be a good nightcap. This wine bar is smack dab right in the middle of the Palazzo shops. It's a good place to people-watch should it be in the middle of the day and your back is to the actual bar. The bar is separate from the wine boutique shop, which is lined across all the other shops in the Palazzo. As promised, we got half glasses of the wine he told me about ($11). Supposedly the wine is "rich and full bodied with butter and oak, as well as flavors of apple and peach." Actually, what I tasted that night was totally different from what the description states. I tasted a Chardonnay that tasted EXACTLY like smoked gouda cheese. People that know me know how much of a huge fan I am of smoked gouda. This was a perfect wine to end the night,as the wine was perfect by itself and I didn't have any dessert or cheese course beforehand. No1DP was right, the taste is so distinctive that to this day I'll remember what this wine tastes like. The only real nitpick was that the glass it was in was big for a wine glass and considering how many wines I had earlier, I had to be a bit careful to make sure the wine didn't slip from my hands!I'll definitely be back here to check out more wines and the next guest I'll go with would appreciate a good glass of wine as much as I do, if not more. Thank you to the No1DP for introducing me to one of the most memorable wines I've ever had.
5	Nice place to do a little day drinking. Good happy hour special and a big selection of wine and whiskeys. They offer various flights of both too. The bartender was knowledgeable and friendly.
3	This is a great place to escape to for a good drink and a quiet moment when you are attending a convention at the Venetian.It is pretty small and I think they do serve some kind of bar food here.
4	This place is a nice pit stop when parading through the maze of retail that is the Grand Canal Shoppes. Stella on tap, and obviously wine and cocktails aplenty. It's a relaxing environment that is poised for good people watching.
4	Great location, window shop for Loubs or visit the whiskey bar across the hall. We started a wine tour here a few years back and the sommeliers know their stuff! We returned a few weeks ago for cocktails - everything is handcrafted, which makes it a little slow. Definitely not a grab-and-go kind of place even though it doesn't have walls!
4	A good idea mostly well-executed. This is basically a circular area in the middle of the Palazzo shopping arcade with a bar, some high-tops and a few tables. They have an extensive and interesting wine list and some very nice specialty cocktails that are different from what you can find elsewhere along the Strip, including list of winetinis (liquor and wine combined). I particularly like the Pear Winetini--pear vodka, prosecco and elderflower liqueur. Not the manliest drink ever, but it's certainly refreshing in the heat of a Vegas July and it packs quite a punch. The food offerings are from Emeril's Table 10 down the way, but really--who eats here? Why would you? This place serves best as a break from shopping or as a pre-dinner stop for cocktails before a meal. I've always found the service to be strong, with the staff appearing just as you're ready to order another drink. At an average of about $14-$16 for the specialty drinks, it's certainly not out of line for its location and the quality and creativity of the offerings.
5	Get the bottles, you can't go wrong. This lovely little atmosphere holds it own in a big shopping area. It has everything great about it and only missing music.Everytime I go to LV I make it a point to stop here and relax from all the crazy nights and days.
3	This is a good little hangout away from the hustle and bustle of the casino floor. It is quiet up here so you can actually reading a book or something without being totally disturbed.Plus, you don't have to worry about the smokers nearby. So you can enjoy your nice bottle of wine here without hacking out a lung or two.They have nice couch sofas or you can sit at the bar and watch some games on the tv.
