4	I'm back in Edinburgh again for work.  I knew there were some pretty good Indian restaurants in Edinburgh, but never truly got a recommendation, so this was my first time at an Indian restaurant here.  This is a Punjabi restaurant, right off the Haymarket bus stop.  I took the bus from hotel to Haymarket stop, walked about 5 minutes, and found myself at this restaurant.I had the Chicken Tikki Masala and the curried okra (Bhindhi).  One word: marvelous.  Served it with some rice and garlic naan.  Of course, this is basically the only dishes that I order at any Indian restaurant.  The portions were enough to fill me up...I had maybe a little leftover.  I have to admit that the okra was so good that no matter how full I was, I had to finish the dish because it was that great.The interior of the restaurant was pretty nice.  It was a large restaurant, clean, with new furniture.  As soon as we entered, we were led to our table, chairs pulled out to sit down in.  The only thing is, I smelled like the food when I left.  But, I've run into that with many different restaurants so it was not a big deal. So if you find yourself in Edinburgh one day, Indian food is pretty common and good.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant.
3	Looks pricey, but not too bad.  Great location, right in the Haymarket Area (look for the corner with the big "#1") About 10-12 GBP per plate.  They have a pretty average selection of Indian Punjabi cuisine and a lackluster selection of desserts (and booze).
4	I have this incredibly rude habit of walking past restaurants with large windows and glaring at the people eating. This is exactly what I did with Omar Khayyam and promptly told my boyfriend we had to try it. The restaurant is quite bright and spacious due to the large windows. Most Indians seem to feel dark and dingy, but not this one. The staff were very friendly and service prompt. The menu lists the usual Indian dishes you would expect, and there is a good selection. The price ranges up to around a tenner for a main, so it could get costly if you order a lot. I had a Biryani which came as a huge portion, it was so delicious I felt bad leaving half of it. The other half had a lamb Rogan Josh which he wolfed down as men do. I enjoyed the Poppadums, rice and naan bread that we had alongside it. I literally felt like if I was wearing a belt I would have to loosen to it.This restaurant is only two minutes walk from Haymarket Station so ideal if you are going to and from the station. They offer a set lunch meal also which would bring the price done significantly and definitely fill you up until tea time.
4	I'm a bit of a spice pussy, so a korma will do me nicely thank you. But this korma is really good!! You can just tell it's going straight to your hips though, it's too creamy to be good for you.My dad had a somewhat adventurous Bhuna, and loved it. He said the meat was cooked well (which is a surprise ) and the sauce was really tasty. All in all it was a good experience!! However the price was a but hefty, albeit with a bottle of wine!! It was a good experience though.
4	We are not the most at experienced Indian food but we were impressed with the taste and quality of Omar's food as well as the good service and value.
5	having left a rather atmosphere lacking whighams wine cellar, i made the short journey to the crossroads at haymarket where i was off to treat myself to a curry.  the crossroads are more a massive mess of ugly tram works, but omar khayyam is a beacon of chic and stylish light at what used to be a very busy traffic point.on approaching the front door to the restaurant, i was warmly greeted by one of the servers who opened the inner door for me and showed me to a big table where i choose the comfy booth seat over the chair.  he also offered to hang my coat up, which i declined as i just folded it neatly and placed it on the bench beside me.  i arrived early, my date still on his way, but this didn't stop the waiter bringing me water, a glass of red wine, and poppadums with dips.once my date had arrived and taken his seat, he was quickly approached by the ever efficient waiter and asked if he wanted a drink, to which he order a pint of kingfisher (they don't appear to have cobra here...) and was brought this seconds later.  we had a look at the menu, opting to just go for main dishes and add a side, using the poppadoms as our starter.  after ordering our mains, we started in on the poppadums that were nice and crispy and accompained with three very tasty dips.  there was the regular mango chutney, which was a bit to sweet for me, a spicy raita, and the best spicy onions i've ever had!!  the onions were fresh, mixed with bits of tomato in a zesty and spicy sauce that made them the perfect topping for the crisp poppadums!  our food arrived so quickly that we hadn't even finished the poppadums yet, but the waiter solved that problem by putting the remaining poppadum on top of the naan bread and leaving use with the dips.  now the main dishes...omg hello flavour explosion!!!  i ordered the punjabi karahi with chicken and this dish was the perfect blend of spices and curry and a chilli kick.  there was a really warming taste of cinnamon mixed in which just brought the dish to a five star review rating!  it was so good i ate all of it, even though i felt like i'd have to roll myself home!!my date had the black pepper chicken, which i used some naan bread to dip in the sauce, i also found this dish very tasty and would be happy to order it next time i go.  we shared pilau rice, an onion naan, and a very tasty side of aloo palak (spinach and curried potatoes).  the only thing left after we devoured this incredibly delicious meal was a bit of naan that neither of us could fit into our overly full tummies.so the food was outstandingly delish, but the service was also something to compete with!  the waiters seem to always be there with what you needed and everything was served so quickly, but they made us feel comfortable to linger over our meal and not be rushed out the door.  i also liked the hot towels they brought after clearing away the plates, these were proper hot towels not the lame wet tissue like ones you get in other places.  the restaurant also looks like it's recently been done up and the decor is all sumptious dark colours and clean lines.clearly, i loved this place!!  i will definitely be making the extra journey to come here again for some more delicious curry delights!
