5	I have been going to Pretty Pretty Please for my facials and lash extensions and I wanted to take a moment to share with everyone that this is one place not to miss out on! Amanda is absolutely so accommodating and makes you feel like a friend from the minute you walk in her salon. She is such a sweetheart and takes the time to consult with you on your needs. This lady is a true natural talent and my skin has never looked so smooth or clear. Aside from facials I have had a few events and had her do my make up,  AMAZING! Since then I have been hooked on her eye lash extensions and get compliments every where I go! I highly recommend her and promise you will not be disappointed.
5	I have been seeing Amanda for my eyelash extentions which are AMAZING and she is so nice and always makes you feel like you are her best girlfriend for years.. I love her and her work! I would recommend her to EVERYONE!!!
5	Amazing place to go for ALL your facial needs. Waxing, facials,lashes and makeup applications. I see Amanda for lashes and more. You will not be disappointed. Amanda is a sweetheart and you will leave feeling great...
5	I went to Pretty Pretty Please looking for a little TLC for my eyebrows and I left there with a sculpted masterpiece work of art! I've never looked this good, let me tell you what. The pretty lady that performed the miracle on me was so nice and informative, she even offered to give me a discount on a "back waxing" which I had to politely decline due to time constraints. I will certainly go back to the salon soon and take her up on that offer when I have time, everyone else should too. You won't be disappointed when you leave there looking and feeling like a million bucks! Thanks Pretty Pretty Please, you rock!
5	If your looking for great lashes or the most relaxing facial you have ever had Amanda is the girl to see. I Have been to her for both and also had some waxing, glitter tattoos and my makeup done by her can I just say I will never go to anyone else again for any of these services she is wonderful. This girl knows how to pamper you and when I say pamper I mean pamper. Check out Pretty Pretty Please you will not regret it.
