1	Hey Club Stereo, YOU SUCK! Yes I am SO OVER YOU and your way over priced cover, standing in lines for  hours in the freezing cold, only to watch you let your friends in VIP. When I finally get in, its is like a barn inside. You change $7.00 for WATER, for WATER scumbags, and then you have the nerve to turn off the cold water in the washroom sinks, how dare you.  You have nerve Club Stereo. I will never come back. I am a dancer. I will not dance in your club ever again.
3	Stereo is an afterhours institution. It's huge. It's sound system could drown out a launching rocket. You'll move to it because you can't help it beats rattling you from the inside out. Looking around everyone is ecstatic. It's 5am and a thousand people push on the insides of this sound box. The sounds emanating from the booth are deep and soulful. When the bass drops you realize that the pilgrimage to hear co-owner/DJ David Morales' SIX HOUR SET was worth the drive, $25 entry fee and hours queuing in a wicked blizzard. Survival Kit:ear plugs (the system is tight, but deafening)pocket hand warmers (it's freakin' frigid in the winter)sneakers (you came here to dance, people)baby powder (for those sliding moves)waist belt (for cash/ID. you won't want to lug a purse)gum or tea tree oil toothpicks (someone on e will be thankful)an Emergen-C (a little pick-me-up)a hanky (for mopping up buckets of sweat)a thong (hey, you never know if you'll wake up at home)However the main room was torched last month and has yet to reopen. In the meantime the adjacent Stereobar is still pumping out beats. If you left when the bars closed in Boston there's a chance the party would still be going on. It's got a terrace lovely for the summertime, and while it lacks the shock absorbers under the dance floor like its big brother, the vibe is intimate and chill. Go get your groove on.----------------Old school homies, a little love to y'all:In the beginning there was Jackand Jack had a groove. And from this groove came the groove of all grooves.And one day while viciously throwing down in his boxJack boldly declared LET THERE BE HOUSEand house music was born."Can You Feel It" - Mr. Fingers
3	They have an amazing sound system thats so loud you can feel it.
5	If you knew Stereo, then congrats.  It harnessed a spirit that was at the essence of that beautiful thing called house music.  RIP Stereo.  You had a great run._C$
4	Before the fire and rebuild, this was one of my favourite places! The music, the energy, everything was perfect.Now, not quite my favourite place anymore. It's been revamped and made fancier. With the new lights and big screens for visuals it's a bit too bright for an afterhours, however on new years they turned them down and turned off one screen so it felt more like the old stereo. Other changes that I don't like are the new DJ booth (too high and I liked it on the other side of the room before) and sometimes the people. Before everyone was so nice, I always made friends with people in line for the bathroom, getting water, or taking a break. People seem more closed off, not letting people in as much, changes the energy a bit. I have been back more recently, I originally wrote this review in 2010, and have had some better experiences with the crowd, but it's still not the same as the original. They've gotten rid of the secret Saturday thing which is great! Now I can actually plan when it's worth it for me to spend the money and the time to go.All that to say, the club is still great. The new open space is great, the sound is still amazing, and the wood floor is great to dance on for hours. Just make sure you hide your gum really well! They take away gum at the door.This club has been the place of many amazing memories and hopefully will be for future experiences. Maybe I'll see you there sometime!
5	Danny Tenaglia calls Stereo ''his home away from home'' - I think that says enough!
5	For all intents and purposes, my clubbing days are over.  I just can't hang with the best of them any longer.  I can't even remember the last time I stayed at a club past 1am, until I went back to the new Stereo.I for one, love the new place.  Maybe it's old age, but I appreciate how clean the revamp is.  I actually think the new DJ booth is great high above.  Taking the DJ away from the center of attention nearly always makes for a better dance floor vibe (Twilo, Fabric etc.) and party.  Love the adequate seating they provide, spacious dance floor and the vending machines for non alcoholic drinks.Hearing the godfather of house music, Frankie Knuckles lay down one of the most incredible sets I've heard in years, on the finely tuned Stereo sound system had me not wanting to leave.  If it weren't for my flight out, I probably would have stayed longer as it just got better and better as the night/morning progressed.Just a note and I feel weird even having to mention this but the crowd is predominantly gay.  If that makes you uncomfortable, just stay home.  You are truly missing out on one of the best clubs in the world.Also as a true after hours, they don't open until 1am.  This place is strictly for real house music lovers.  Cover was pretty ridiculous ($40) but I got more than my moneys worth as this trek absolutely restored my faith for what real clubs still have to offer.
5	So its Saturday night, having recovered from my long drive last night, I head out into the night with my wife.  We wander down St. Laurent and the street is blocked off to auto traffic and feels like one giant club/lounge, the weather is amazing the whole city is mobbed by tourists and students from all over.  We decide to go check out this club, after asking a few people in line about prices and music.  The place is three floors, the music was pretty much house and some euro-pop I guess.  Sound system is pretty good, being on third floor, which is pretty much just a balcony overlooking the second floor, I did'nt get to sample the sound system on that floor.  The crowd was pretty much in a good mood, and I guess with the weather and the end of a great summer, why not?  Left at my usual earlier hours, the line was still huge at 1:40 AM!Hope the place can hang on for a few years, seems like every time I come up here, things change completely.Oops, after looking at a message I got from some dude, I think this is the wrong club, the one I went to was on St. Laurent street... it was named Radio something or other maybe, it was a pretty cool club anyways.
5	I usually don't comment on anything outside of a restaurant experience. I only branch out on special occasions. I LOVE how Stereo has rebuilt itself since it burnt down. This is my favourite club in North America and probably top 10, maybe top 5, if you include Europe also. Stereo keeps bringing in great DJs. Awesome minimal night this past weekend. Why go to Circus?
5	LOVED this place when I went to Montreal. The music was great and the guys were super cute. It was also a very non-pretentious crowd, which is hard to come across when you live in NYC...
5	The best club on Rue St. Catherine Est, and possibly in all of Montreal, this club features music by many of the world's best DJs such as David Morales, Peter Rauhofer, and Victor Calderone.  The location, energy, and clientle of the place all add to its allure. Similar to what clubs in New York were like prior to 2004, Stereo remains a must go for clubgoers in town and looking to set themselves free to great music.
5	Stereo is THE Flagship nightclub with analog sound system second to none (aside from PACHA) this place is poured with much technology its just mind blowing for any DJ's dream to spin here. For example the floors are equipped with springs to make u stomp and jump longer then usual before your feet start to kill. the sound system its self is so beautifully hand crafted installed with so much care it makes you ears orgasm with so much clarity that when you leave the club your eardrums are not exhausted from loud music. like no other club I have can actually have a conversation with somebody beside me without yelling. For the light you could probably just youtube it and see for yourself, its all about the globe.This is a club is only for music lovers. the DJ's who come to push this overwhelming sound system mainly play tech house to deep tribal house. it is something you must experience at least once.
