4	my car went in dirty. very, very dirty, covered in dog hair, filthy and smelly from driving two large, wet dogs home from the lake. trust me, the car was d i r t y. and overdue for an oil change. i asked for an oil change and upgraded to the premium wash. not sure how much that cost, but the total for the super extra special car wash and oil change cost around $40. worth every shiny penny i spent! my car was returned to me with clean oil, shiny (like there was some crazy wax in the soap they used or something), and the interior was clean! no missed spots, no dog hair, and no wet dog stink! amazing. my car looked as close to new on the outside as an 8-year-old honda can. the inside was immaculate. i was really stoked. i've been back 3 times since. this place rocks.
4	I've been to three car wash places in the vicinity and, of the 3, this is my favorite. In fact, the first time, I tipped the guy extra and told him "that's the best job a person has ever done on my car." I meant it too! Today, I went back with a coupon and I didn't even need it. There was a special going on for $6.99 for the full service wash. You don't get an air freshener with this level, but I've paid a lot more for a lot less elsewhere.With the silver and gold washes you do get air freshener but it's a small cardboard disk that you place under your seat. You get it when you pay, which is why they don't ask you what scent you want when you drop your car. Like Danny's, you get a break on gas prices  and they pump it for you when you get a wash. Truly, I usually leave these car wash places feeling frustrated and ripped off. I have yet to have that feeling here, and I hope I never do!
3	I'm lowering my rating though, for the moment, I still prefer this car wash to others in the area. There's two reasons: first, it bugs me that the signage to choose your wash is only visible right around the same time an employee is anxiously waiting at your door proclaiming "today's great offer." If you're going to do something to make your wash "better," just make it better - for cryin' out loud! Two choices of armor all because one leaves a greasy film? Why have that as an option!!?? I want them to BACK OFF and give me a sec to figure out all the minutiae before rushing me to choose a wash. Second, a few weeks ago, I went for a wash and chose the platinum (though, at the time I couldn't tell what the difference was between the gold and the platinum; I figured there was some reason it was more expensive). While my receipt was for a platinum and PAID for a platinum, the guy wrote the symbol for basic on my car and that's all I got. When I went to retrieve my car it was the worst wash I'd gotten in all my times coming here (and I've gotten the basic wash before on purpose). I complained about the quality and it was revealed what had happened. The manager "compensated me" by having them continue to clean my car and "do the platinum" stuff and gave me a voucher for a free basic wash. Frankly, I don't feel like I got a platinum because from the beginning to the near end of my service, they were doing the work of a basic. Unless they ran the whole car through again, how could it be a platinum? And to give me a free basic wash when you gypped me on a platinum is weak. I did go redeem my basic wash and it was fine (I had to have them redo the windshield) but, I guess what I'm saying is, I don't love this place as much as I used to and I wish they'd just give me a good quality wash. Every time. Period. None of this basic, gold, platinum B.S. Wash. The. Car.
5	I tell you I never thought I would be writing a review for a car wash company. But I was just so surprised at the amazing job they did, I simply had to make a quick comment.   So I stopped at this place for gas on a Wednesday and they had a sign out front. "Wacky Wednesdays"  $6.99 for our basic wash.  I was sort of in a hurry but I thought, pretty good deal, get a quick car wash. Now for $6.99 I wasn't expecting too much.  Yes, they vacuumed the carpets, but other than that I was expecting what I paid for.  Also when I got out of my car and met the sales writer, I was all puckered up and ready for a high pressure sales treatment. I mean what car wash doesn't put the full court press on for a up sale? When I told the writer I just wanted a quick wash and I was electing for the Wednesday Special, he just smiled and gave me a ticket for the cashier.  Wow, that's it? No, trying to sell me a package of 10 washes?  Impressed already.  Then I paid for my wash and sat in the comfortable lounge and waited.  My car was done fairly quickly.  About normal waiting time of about 8-10 mins.  When I saw my car I was impressed that the wheels were really clean.  They didn't put any dressing on them because I didn't pay for it. But still it was very clean.  It was later that day that i looked in my back seat and saw a credit card laying on the back seat.  It was a credit card that I had lost (and called to cancel) about 6 months previously.  I would totally have expected some who finds a credit card laying under the seat of a car, to snag it.  But no, the folks at Arizona Car Wash Company gently laid it on my back seat.   Although the credit card was no good to me or anyone else at this point I was just so impressed by their honesty and integrity. Plus is was the best $7 dollar car wash my car has ever had.  I highly recommend this place.  You wont be sorry.
4	I have never gotten my car detailed before so I don't really have anything to compare this place to, but I have to say that I was very happy.  Their customer service was fantastic and they did wonders with my 6-year-old car, inside and out.  Also, they allowed me to use an expired groupon, which was much appreciated!  I would definately go back.
5	I get my car washed every two weeks here for the last year. The staff is super friendly I dont see my self ever going to another carwash company.
2	2.5 stars: 2 hours for a detail and no wi-fi :(
5	These guys are the best--don't bother with the "family" car wash--these folks are way above that experience--friendly, fast and excellent work .  Highly recommended.
4	They do a pretty good job.  They don't try too hard to sell more services. Just make sure to check your car to make sure they get all the spots.  Also very important is they are pretty quick.  No problem if you want to get something to eat while they wash your car, they will hold it for you until you come back which is convient.
2	I always have the hardest time at car wash facilities because I feel like the cleaning is always sub par, no matter what *package* I purchase.I have dogs, and my dogs have lots of hair. They don't call them German shedders for nothing. So when I pay $25 plus for a car wash, I'm really wanting them to vacuum the car really well. That's never the case. Apparently, the only way I can get my interior dog hair under control is if I get another interior detail package. Also, how hard is it to wipe a dashboard? I always have to remind them to wipe the dashboard and console. At this point, I could have saved myself a grip of money and done it myself.Also, watch out for the coupon specials. Not all the employees know how to honor them and will try to charge you for something else entirely
2	BF used to praise this place and his truck always looked good, but I think when they changed companies the place is not as good. First time he took my car here it came back immaculate. Now, I've come here three times since (we bought coupon packets) and windows aren't cleaned as well as they should and ive asked two separate times for them to vacuum my trunk and both times it wasn't done. I've gone to full hand car washes in other towns that are cheaper and take more time really doing a good job on your car. Not going back here again.
1	Terrible experience. Always trying to up-sell. Took my wife's SUV thru yesterday.  Paid for the top of the line wash. Interior wasn't complete. When I pointed out the dirt the attendant handed ME a rag. Thanks for nothing!  My last visit to this place.
1	They once were good...not any more. Charged me $17 to do a full wash and interior dressing. They did a half a$$ed job, never put the interior dressing on, left my antenna on through the wash and lost my cupholder ashtray. They must be too cheap to run the A/C in the waiting room, it was hotter in there than it was outside. Lousy place, poor service. Pass them by.
3	Platinum was a waste of money.  Dust in many places and armor all coverage is spotty.  Outside is clean, but was pretty clean when I drove in.  Totally missed vacuuming the trunk.  Will look elsewhere next time.
