3	For whatever reason, if you put up a business in the Eastern Beltway Shopping Center, it will thrive. Whenever I visit this Burger King, which has been in the afternoon, the place is thriving. When the high school lets out, the environment gets too loud.   In my opinion, this is an average Burger King. It is not bad or great in service and food.   I write many of my reviews in perspective. This Burger King is a convenient meal for people visiting other establishments in Eastern Beltway Center including Home Depot, Petco,  and Walmart. Pulling onto Serene Avenue from the Burger King/ Eastern Beltway Center parking lot could be stressful and dangerous. There is only a stop sign.   When I am in the mood for Burger King, I will return here.
1	We have not had Burger King in years, and decided to give it try.Quite a mistake! We even had a "Buy one original chicken sandwich and receive one free." Wow. This was the worst excuse for a sandwich ever!Some type of microwaved patty . Absolutely horrible. The fries were terrible as well.Do yourself a favor, cook at home!
5	I havent been to BK in years, so when i pulled up to the screen i was overwhelmed. The man at the window was so helpful and patient, i'll definitely be back!!
4	How can you knock the BK Lounge!  I just wish I lived closer to this Burger King.  I will always pick Burger King over most fast food joints.  My first job was at a burger king.  You can't beat char broiled hamburgers that are fast.  I like to get my whopper with mustard instead of mayonnaise and ketchup.  I don't understand why this confuses the employees so much.  I will ask for a mustard Whopper and I will get bread, mustard, and meat.  What the heck is that?  So I always have to carefully explain that I wanted everything except the mayo and ketchup.  Sounds like a no brainer, right?  When I don't get the juicy Whopper I like the double cheeseburger.  There is something about these little burgers that have just the right amount of meat, cheese, pickle, and mustard/ketchup.  I don't even care that they used to be $1.  I'll pay the extra .40 cents.  So if you are in the area and craving a burger fast.  Then Burger King is your place.  Cheers!
5	This place is awesome. They actually flame broil their burgers, how great is that. If you haven't been there you must go try it out. If they keep running their business like this I think they are gonna make it.
5	Wow...great place to eat. Very clean and great service.
3	Up until recently, Burger King had probably the worst coffee in the world. After seeing TV ads for a "New" coffee that the fast food giant was offering, I decided to partake in all the hub bub. It also didn't hurt that for this promotional period, they would be offering 25c small coffees for a couple weeks (Note: at the time this review is being written, this deal has expired, so they are normal price). The new coffee was OK. It wasn't exceptionally strong as a DD, but it didn't taste like what you would get at a jiffy lube while you are waiting for your car to be serviced. It had an extremely mild flavor. I don't like this location because when you are trying to head out in either direction on Serene Ave, it feels like a death trap, with a steady stream of cars coming from both sides on this busy street.
1	3 people I know, including myself, have had food poisoning from this establishment.  Figure this shit out BK... It could be from that so-called "cow" meat that you use, poor work ethic/carelessness from the employees, or as a fast food conglomerate, health of the consumers is last on the priority list.  People, do not eat this trash, it is disgusting and is a slow killer...
4	It's is a good place is you like the originals that BK serves. The original chicken sandwich
4	Ok so it's a Burger King, so you know what you are getting. This one is clean and has a great staff. So if you are in the strip mall shopping, stop on in for a snack or meal. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
3	Fountain drink machine is down, no big deal. The problem with that is nobody in the back can make a drink order. They give us the wrong drinks then never put ice in them. Who serves soda with no ice??? We tell them the correct drinks and ask them for ice in each. Lady returns with one with ice and one with no ice. So basically she poored one out and refilled it for no reason since she put the same soda right back in it without ice. How hard is it???!!!
3	Ok So I just went here and there was this guy who order no salt on his Fries and the guy in the back . Some guy kid with glasses said to another guy . You know who orders no salt on fries A Holes really dude, first if all I order no salt also , not because I want them like that but because I have high blood pressure and I'm on a low sodium diet.  Get your facts straight idiot.
5	What can I say its Burger King!! Drive through moves pretty quickly.
1	What can you expect from a Burger King.. Our food took 15 minutes to come out, whatever. There's no ice in the ice machine, we told them about 3 times, they said they will get right on it about refilling it. We are now halfway through our food there is still no ice & we are having warm soda. Yum!! Hate to name drop, but we asked a girl named Alexandria for some honey mustard & she completely ignored my younger sister. That's a little rude. She is also the one we told about the ice. Her & what looks like to be the manager are the ones we told. Still nothing happened. There are about 5 employees standing behind the counter just talking. One is just playing with her hair & another one is biting her nails. Ew. You think one of them can put ice in the machine. At least our food came out good. But like I said, what can you expect from a Burger King... I am now about to leave & they are finally slowly about to fill the ice machine. But they look pissed about it. Jeeze, this is just ridiculous. We are now leaving with warm soda.
