4	I was riding on the path by UW today and came across this bike shop that has been open all of three days.  I stopped in to see if they could check my bike over for a bike trip I'm going on soon.  The shop looks great inside!  The clerk that checked my bike over was very nice and patient in answering all of my questions (which is great because I am not very handy when it comes to bikes).  This will be my go to bike place in the future - great staff and super easy to get to since it is right off of the bike path.
5	I drank the biking kool-aid this summer and bought my first USA made canondale from Budget's Used shop on Regent Street and have since picked up two more USA made Cannondales.  One of them was a 2007 bike with a Lefty shock on it that wasn't working correctly so I dropped it off at this new shop.  I didn't realize just how new they were, but I'm glad I found them!Their building is GORGEOUS...being in the architecture industry myself, they restored this building beautifully which creates such a unique atmosphere in the shop.  It's neat to see such historic architecture housing some of the latest beautifully engineered bikes!  Their mechanical shop staff was helpful and very willing to educate me as I'd never owned a bike with this type of suspension...I love to be able to walk out knowing more than I did when I went in.  Overall I I had the bike tuned (which included straightening my rear wheel and rear disk brake), hydraulic brake bled, and new front brake pads put on for a reasonable $120!  I will definitely be back and if you're looking for helpful and knowledgeable staff when looking for your next Cannondale or Bianchi...this is the place to go!!!!
5	My husband and I were looking to upgrade our bikes and happened on Motorless Motion. The staff took a great deal of time finding out exactly what we needed and wanted and made sure everything was perfect. We returned a short time later for some adjustments and the mechanics made everything fit perfectly. Everyone is knowledgable, helpful and friendly and this is a great place if you need anything "bike."I'm impressed.
