5	Super charming little spot in NDG. Flavorful and delicious!Will be coming back :)
5	We just came back from this place tonight. We really enjoyed our dinner at this tiny Ethiopian restaurant. The food was full of flavour. They offered extra Injera for no extra charge. We had the veggie combo and a lamb dish which turned out to be a little too much food for us- we are stuffed right now! And the cost, $31 including tax! It was really reasonable for the huge portion we got. The 2 staff were so nice. Food came out fast and we were impressed with the quality of it. We will be back!Disclaimers and other notes: Decor is basic, but it seems like they have outdoor seating. We would have taken it, but it's too cold tonight. They did not really have dessert options and there is no alcohol, so you may want to opt to plan drinks/sweets into your evening outside the main meal. This is not food that poeple eat with utensils- A lady near our table suggested many times to the owner that they MUST get forks. And when he tried to explain his cultural tradition. She was all: Ya, but you really need FORKS. It was kind of hilarious. Enjoy!
4	I had the vegetarian combo plate, a delicious, filling bargain at $12. Served on a big Injera pancake, a wonderful way to eat. BYOB.I've been to a dozen Ethiopian restaurants and this one seems typical: good quality food in copious quantities at excellent value. Pleasant staff.
5	No question, my favorite restaurant in the city. This tiny little mom-and-pop affair. Everything is made fresh to order, no microwaving or reheating. Not that cheap, but you'll usually have to skip lunch to make room. Don't come here for the quick service; you'll be here for a while. You can call ahead with your order, though. BYOB.
4	Many years ago, there was a wonderful little Ethiopean restaurant in NDG. Sad day when it closed down. So when East Africa appeared a few years ago, it was a happy day.It was an even happier day when we went to eat there. The food is excellent, just as good as the old place that I still miss. If you like Ethiopean food, East Africa will not disappoint.A word of warning: this is a classic mom and pop restaurant. Pop takes the orders and mom cooks them. Do not expect fast service. If you want fast food, try elsewhere. Also, I doubt this is the place to go with groups larger than four.
4	Food was good and relatively inexpensive, for the amount you get. Doesn't quite match up to the now closed Messob d'Or on Monkland, but I'd take this place over the overpriced Nil Bleu any day.Service can be SLOW. I would strongly advice ordering in advance: go for the veg combo plus as many meat dishes as you have additional people (4 people = 1 veg + 3 meat). A table of 3 ordered just before us, a table of 4, and we received our food 50 and 65 minutes after ordering: not a pleasant wait on water alone. Sadly, if you want any sort or service aside from ordering, you have to go to the counter to get anyone's attention.All that being said, I'd still go back.
5	Bring a bottle of wine because you will wait an hour for the food.  The service is atrocious.  But the food makes up for it all the way.
5	The food here is delicious! Had the vegetarian combo plate and loved it, everything was perfectly spiced. (Came out to $27 with tax for 2 people.) This place is also BYOB which is great because it does take a long time to receive your order, so it's nice to have something to drink while you wait. Don't forgo the reservation - when we went there wasn't a single table that hadn't been reserved and we watched a couple of groups get turned away for that reason.
5	Year ago there was a small Ethiopian place in Monkland Village called Messop D'Or; I literally mourned the day it closed. So, I was very excited when East Africa came highly recommended by a friend that also loved Messop D'Or. They were right! East Africa has absolutely delicious food! The Ingera is perfect, the berber dishes are spicy and savoury, and the vegetarian plates are just plain yummy! I am a huge fan of East Africa now. It is BYOB and you can bring any drink you like (wine, beer, soda). The people that own the place are kind and genuine. You get the feeling that you are invited guests at someone's home; The small size of the restaurant adds to the charm (you are in the same room as the chef).I have two pieces of advice for anyone who would like to dine there: 1) Make reservations (the place is not big, and they have lots of fans)!2) Give yourselves LOTS OF TIME, this is not the type of restaurant that you are in and out of. The food takes time to prepare, and there is one person working the kitchen! Go with people that you enjoy to converse with, then have a delicious and authentic meal!
4	This place is AMAZING if you know what to expect. It's a BYOW, cozy place with like 8 tables, that is run by an Ethiopian guy and his wife. There isn't really "service," just a friendly guy communicating between his wife in the kitchen and customers. It takes 50min to get food, if this is an issue, you can order in advance.I usually arrive and order straight away. I ask for a recommendation basically, whatever the wife is cooking that is good that day. Usually a meat dish  for myself and vegetarian for wife, plus salad. Then we chill and sip wine for 50min, I actually enjoy this. And the guy is friendly.Food then comes out served on one GIANT pancake (maybe 75cm diameter) that rolls on the edge. You tear off pieces of the pancake rolls and dip the food. And it tastes spectacular. Add some choice red wine to it, and wow. Always a great evening here. You can chill, drink, eat, for a couple hours. And it will also only set you back like $35 (for two ppl). I love this place. Great experience.
5	After all these years I finally lost my Ethiopian food virginity to East Africa Restaurant. Mom and Pop run hole in the wall establishment. Pop takes orders - Mom cooks - You eat. Simple as that. Every review here says bring a bottle of wine. I'd say bring two. Service is SUPER SLOW. Took almost an hour to get our food. But again its not a fast food place. Everything is made fresh. About the food, Its served on one big plate and you share.  Another thing, You need fingers to eat this food. No cutlery here. The meat and the veggies are spread on a soft Ethiopian bread (Ingera).  Everything we had was delicious. Can't wait to try out other things.Food : GreatService :You gotta be kiddin meAmbiance : All in all it's just another hole in the wallWorth the price : Yes
4	A small hole-in-the-wall restaurant run by a couple. As other Yelpers have noted, service is slow but worth it. The food is delicious. Be warned that sometimes they improvise with ingredients and dishes may not fit the description in the menu. Portions vary too. It's helpful to call in advance to place the order.
4	This place is great. Went again last night and spent a couple hours here. So many awesome dishes. Just explain what kind of dish you want and the guy should know exactly what to make. Everything made fresh to order.Again, this is a family restaurant, just the mom and dad working, so it's not really "service" but just a way to hang out and drink BYOW and eat amazing food.
4	The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is that we waited 2 1/2 hours to get our food.  I kid you not.  I have never waited so long for dinner in all my life and it can be hard when there's no bread on the table and the waiter doesn't come check if you need more water.But the food... my word...... worth every one of the 150 minutes we waited.  Fresh, homemade,seasoned and stewed to perfection (which explains the long wait), simply amazing.I would definitely go back - but next time I'll order in advance!
3	Love the food and the ambience here. The flavors are rich and fresh and this is a resto with great veggie options. The service is very slow because everything is made from scratch. I keep going back because it's worth the wait. Don't go when you're really hungry or expecting your meal to appear in 30 minutes or you will be disappointed.  Bring some friends and a bottle of wine and settle in for an evening of good conversation delicious food.
