1	Run, Forest, Run! Very unethical business practices, and lack of customer service!! I first went into the salon, I had a coupon for a free tan. Jillian was working, and tried charging me $10.00 for my "free tan". I told her that was unethical business practices, and her response was "oh well". I then told her that I wanted the Managers name and phone number. She told me she couldn't give that out. I called the salon in Peoria, and explained how rude Jillian was, and what happened. That employee called Christina, (see review below...she's an owner, not a customer) and she apologized profusely. She offered one free month if my son and I would come try it again. We went in, and they stood by the free tan! I called Christina today in the Peoria location, and thanked her, and told her that we'd take her up on her offer of a free month. She said she'd have paperwork drawn up, and they would do a bank draft on March 1st after our free month. I agreed, and we went to sign up. Upon arriving, we were greeted by Ken, who is Christina's husband. I was told we had to do a bank draft tonight for both memberships, and he argued with me over his employee being rude to me. I explained to him that was not the agreement made with his wife, and his response was,"she doesn't own this business, I do!" He refused to follow through on the agreement again! Bait and switch at it's best. Very unethical business! Take your hard earned dollar to a salon who appreciates their customers! Next stop, the Better Business Bureau! Maybe Ken should take lessons from his wife on how to treat customers! She did a great job, and he ruined her efforts to win us as lifelong clients!  RUN FAST AND FAR FROM THIS BUSINESS!!!
5	Very friendly, affordable and clean. As far as tanning salons, it is as good as it gets.
5	I have been tanning at Tangibles for nearly 10 years. It was the first tanning salon I went to and still love it. The owners are very friendly and helpful.They give great deals and great service!
5	I love this place! I have been using Mystic for years and this is the kind of tanning salon I like supporting. I moved to the north side almost one year ago and had been a client, a very unhappy client, at the salon down the street. Thank God I found Tangible. My only complaint is that I didn't find them sooner! I am a very happy tanner once again!!!
1	This place is trash!!!!!!!!!!! I have never been to a tanning salon, or any place in general and been treated so rudely. Ken and Christina (the two owners) do not know how to treat their customers with respect. You would think after them owning these two businesses for years they would learn communication skills. Ken has the temper of a 2 year old! I have seen him yell and scream at his employees IN FRONT of customers. He is one of the most rude people I have ever met. All he cares about is taking peoples money and not actually helping them. They do NOT know how to train their employees to show respect to customers. This is easily one of the WORST tanning salons I have EVER been too!!!! They are so unorganized and use OLD lotions and actually sell them to customers! Anyone will a brain would know to never come here and put up with ken's rudeness. He has EXTREME anger management and will try to talk down upon you like you are his own kids who he also yells at in front of customers. RUN FAST!!!!!!!!!
5	I just started tanning here... so far I think they are great - They seem to have nice clean beds and all the employees are so friendly
5	This tanning salon is inviting, clean and very professional! The few times I've gone, I have always been greeted warmly, and the ladies have been very helpful in explaining the tanning process and what to expect. My skin is very sensitive and usually breaks out a lot, so I thought I'd try tanning to add some color and maybe some relief. My skin has never felt better and I love looking like I actually live in Arizona! I can now wear shorts confidently and I will continue to get my tan on at Tangible Tan :)
