5	I stayed at the Royal Palms for a few days and loved the bar.  I stumbled on it when I was waiting for my room.  The servers were excellent, the bar tenders were friendly and engaging.   I went their all three nights of my visit and had friends join me.
4	Subtle changes to the old bar area.  The bartender made me a custom cocktail with Bulleit rye bourbon and AZ Bitters Lab Figgy Pudding and it was very good.
4	Relaxing place to unwind and have a nice glass of wine or an expertly made cocktail!  We stopped in during happy hour and enjoyed their house white and red wine for $5...it was surprisingly good!  We also shared an order of the smoked potato croquettes.  They were delicious and very flavorful.  Great atmosphere, great wine and cocktails and good service too!
2	Come here for the Atmosphere and the outstanding service. The food unfortunately left us all kinda flat. The chef here needs to work more with flavors.If you came back when T-cooks had another chef things have definitely changed. That amazing Paella is also gone. Although we only at the the Mix Up bar and not T-Cooks, we looked at the menu. Didn't do much for us.We had the Burger, Pannini and Lobster Corn Dog. The corndog was by far the best thing. The burger was much too lacking in flavor considering how messy it was. The Pannini was dry and you can get better at any Paradise Bakery.My prediction is this chef lasts 1 year.
3	Went here for a date night. Very pretty outdoor space. Unfortunately we waited 10-15 minutes for everything. To begin, I went in and asked if we could seat ourselves outside and was told "yes." We waited easily 10 minutes before the same gal came out and claimed she didn't see us sitting there (weird). We ordered cocktails (10 min wait). Ordered waters (10 min wait). The worst was when we ordered food and an expediter brought it out, but the crackers that came with the salmon tartare were covered in fennel which completely overpowered the meal. We had to flag down another waitress to ask for some bread to replace the crackers, and again, we waited 10-15 mins (for bread!). By the time I got my bread to eat my dish with, my husband had already finished his meal. For such a nice resort, I did not care for the service at all. I would go back because of great ambience and location-but don't be in a hurry!
5	Great place to spend a little down time with friends while you wait for your dinner reservation. Relaxed atmosphere, great service and Happy Hour.  Drinks were good, small bites of food were just enough to tide us over 'til dinner. Would I come back here? You bet I would! How about later today? Meet me there?
5	Went to The Mix-Up last week for drinks and appetizers and it was very nice. Quiet and great ambiance. I ordered a Bourbon Drink which I had never had and I didnt very much like it and very graciously said he could make me another drink. I got a French 75, my favorite drink, and it was mae perfectly. Id never had it made that well so i had asked how he made it. Very very kind bartender and staff. Beautiful area. Im heading there tonight to their $8 burgers and drinks.
5	So I went there again on their Burger and Bourbon Night. The burger was so freaken good, it had a perfect blend of mild spices, and topped with a melted smoked mozzarella. The fries were great, a White Truffle Oil with a Garlic Lemon Aioli. And the drinks are perfect. I always get a French 75 and the bartender makes it very well. Charlie, the bartender/ server is extremely nice and very much a mans man, and very handsome! Men would enjoy the surroundings and the drinks. Great for business and hanging out. Women would love it for Charlie, Women Wednesdays and the great foods.
4	*Happy Hour Review*Three words: Duck Confit Poutine - rich, delicious, large portion. The name says it all - and my pictures do not do it any justice!Three more words: Lobster Corn Dogs - small plate with only 3 pieces - but incredibly well prepared, delicious and hey - lobster for $5.00!?!Three more words: Half price bourbon! Two incredibly well crafted and incredibly generous Manhattans later, I was feeling no pain!One of the best parts of PHX is the under-appreciated happy hour deals at some of our best resorts. Especially this time of year - there are great values to be had, at incredible prices!Here's the Mix Up current specials menu:Daily - happy hour 4-7; $5.00 cocktails, beer, wine and lite bites.Tuesdays - Pizza & Punch $5 flatbreads, $6 signature punch cocktail of the day: 4:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m.Women & Whiskey Wednesdays - 1/2 price ladies bourbon night: 4:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m.Bourbon & Burgers Thursdays - $8 burger, 1/2 price bourbons: 4:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m..Can't wait to go back!
4	Come for the happy hour! This place has got to be the BEST place to bring a first date.
4	You really can't beat the feeling of escaping reality as you pull up and walk into the Royal Palms Resort.  I've been a regular visitor through the years, dating back well before the renovation just over a year ago, and my husband was more of a regular for years before me!The Mix Up Bar definitely mixed things up from their PR (pre-renovation) days.  I've been several times since and I still really enjoy the atmosphere and friendly service... I'm not going to lie; it's not exactly like the good ol' days though!What's consistent is the people-watching, attentive service, live music on many nights, solid cocktails, beer and wine to choose from.  There is also a certain je ne sais quoi about this place... it's definitely a gem!The food menu isn't as impressive as it used to be... I miss the lobster bisque and paella!  I am pretty sure they still have the amazing bread with pesto, and you can't go wrong with that, but not a ton of other items appealed to me.  On a recent visit, we shared a charcuterie plate, a side of brussels sprouts, and a cauliflower soup.  I wouldn't get the soup again, but the other items weren't bad!Eric who runs the bar now is easy to chat with and does a great job... no doubt we'll be back soon, even without some of my old time favorite menu items!
