4	This martial arts school is different than most, as it claims to be a school for life.  The curriculum and instructors strive to instill discipline, respect, and perseverance into their students, young and not-so-young, during class through drills, forms, and sparring.  These qualities will then spill over into 'real life', resulting in positive minded people (makes sense, I guess!).  The instructors have weekly training sessions themselves, which keep their skills fresh -- I like that.  I am learning from people who are still open to learning.  :)I started my tae kwon do classes a couple of weeks ago and am enjoying myself, as I push my body towards a black belt (ha).  Everyone is positive and supportive and there is much cooperation between higher ranked belts and white belts.  Classes are mainly held in the later afternoons and evenings, with make-up sessions and/or extra classes on Saturdays.My quibbles: I am STILL waiting for my gear bag, which contains my protective gear and practice weapons (nunchucks, etc).  I paid for them over two weeks ago!  The belt tests are every two months and are $50 (early registration) or $60 (last-minute registration).....the actual belts are about $5 each.  Yes, I know that the belt test fee is mainly for registration with HQ, but I think that's pretty steep, considering what you pay per month for lessons (about $120/month if you buy a whole year).  I also think it's a bit annoying to have a website without basic info like fees and class schedules.  In order to find out any sort of useful info, you have to contact the school to talk to someone and/or have a one-on-one lesson (which I did).  That said, there is good support for all and the admin people are flexible when it comes to adjusting your specific contract (for instance, I'll be away much of the summer for gigs and will miss a lot of classes).At the very least, I have a practical way of mitigating all the yelp calories I consume!
5	My son has been with Victory Martial Arts for 5 years and was one of the original students at this location when it opened. He's a second degree black belt now and really enjoys the instructors and other students. Mr. O'Hara is an outstanding instructor who has high expectations for his students (especially the teens and adults). Beyond martial arts training, I like the values that are being instilled here: work hard, believe in yourself, and respect yourself and others. We love being part of the Victory Novat family.
1	My 5 year old daughter was enrolled in the school for a year since you have to sign a contract and for no less than a year. The tiny tigers class was great with the life schools it taught, but that is about the only positive I can write. We pulled her out 2 months prior to the end of the contract .The school was starting to seem more about money than quality towards the end. The class sizes were becoming too large for the students to get proper training because the instructors weren't able to monitor and correct every student and no new trainers were hired. Usually there was one instructor per at least 20 kids, if not more. Every now and then they would have other students help out but most times those students were the same age and ranks as the ones in the class and spent more time participating than correcting as it wasn't there job to do that. My daughter was then practicing stuff incorrectly and not being corrected consistently and the head instructor, Mr. O'Hara, pointed out that perfect practice makes perfect, not just practicing. So in turn my daughter was practicing incorrectly and we were told before testing that if our children did not have the moves down, to spend even more money on a DVD, even if it was only $10, we felt the high cost we already paid should of more than covered that. We were already paying for her to learn and due to class sizes and them not hiring any new instructors, she wasn't learning correctly. Mr. Guerrero was able to take the time in one class during spring break when class sizes were smaller to break it down and correct my daughter, which was greatly appreciated, however, since class sizes were normally larger and continuing to grow, they were not able to consistently monitor her progress. And then we were told we needed to buy sparring gear back in December and it wasn't used at all before our contract expired  6 months later after we spent $250 on it. That, combined with the fact that she was going to be moved to a more advanced class, after only being in the beginners class for 3 months, with such large classes, helped make our decision on where to spend our hard earned money. We would prefer to spend it somewhere that she is not put at an unfair disadvantage due to a company focusing more on money then the quality of training. Maybe that is not the case, but that is what it felt like. Especially since after we pulled my daughter out, we received an email from Mr. O'Hara stating that they missed her in class and wanted to offer us a free karate camp. I sent him back a nice email stating  that we would not be signing another contract when hers was up, but we would love to take him up on the free camp if it was still an option especially since I am a stay-at-home mom now and can't spend the money we normally would on summer camps. The camps are more about spending time with the friends she made there and there is no material taught that she would be tested on. It would of been a great way to get her out of the house doing something fun and spending time with friends. I also asked if he was interested in offering her karate bag and gear to maybe a new student there that maybe couldn't afford such a large initial investment. We paid $280 for the bag and then upgraded it for another $250 to include sparring gear. We thought maybe he could offer it to a new student at a smaller price which would be helping that family as well as ours. To this email, I received no reply. I emailed again a week later and told him we were no longer interested in the free summer camp, but asked him about the karate bag again. Still no reply. I continued to get his mass emails that he would send out to parents about upcoming events and graduations. I kindly responded and asked to be removed from the mailing list since it was clear his offer for a free summer camp and any reply from him was reserved for paying customers and that he had made it clear just how much about money and not about the actual students that the school cares about.  I included much of the information from the top of this email as well. To which I still received no response. I then posted the bag for sale on the Victory Martial Arts facebook page to which it was deleted and I was deleted from the page. This does not tell me that they are all about family and helping people. Of course it is a business and you want to make money, but when you are conveying that you actually care about your students, and this is how you treat them, it's clear that money is the only thing they care about. I was not a paying customer and would not be signing another contract so I wasn't worth spending the time to reply to.  I took karate for 5 years in another school in another state 15 years ago and I am still close friends with that instructor and look up to her to this day. To me, karate isn't just about becoming a black belt or just an activity for you child, it's about the role models and lessons and discipline learned along the way.
1	this studio is all about how much money they can get out of you and not about the child. I enrolled my daughter here and after 6 months it was more or less like taking her to a children's jazzersize class that a martial arts practice.
5	Great martial arts school for all ages!  Treats everyone like family and very good in teaching students discipline!  Makes sure family is involved, too, that's why I like it better than other sports and school:)
