4	I am what you would call a serial urgent care visitor. Too lazy and inconsistent to have a regular general practitioner but the immune system of a geriatric. Moving on; I had been feeling like crap for about a week (Read review on Basil Thai), and so I used the "Find a provider" tool offered by my health insurance. It found 3 doctors in a 10 mile radius of the doctor; I called all 3; all 3 are "not taking new patients." 1 star to the Blue Cross Blue Shield Find a provider website. I found this place when i google mapped "urgent care." I drove there and pulled right into a spot. I walked in wet from the rain, sick from something, and all around miserable. This place was very welcoming. The front desk girl treated me very well; and she didn't make me feel like I was doing her a favor for being there (take that Thousand Oaks Urgent Care). The doctor himself was pretty typical; in an out of the room in under 5 minutes. He wrote me a prescription for antibiotics and sent me off. All in all; I was there for about an hour but it was during lunch. I would recommend this place if you are looking for a quick visit without an appointment. They also called the next day to follow up; which is why they get the 4th star :)
4	Expected a really long wait considering it feels like illness always happens at that hour. I decided to try this Urgent care after a prior visit to pmc for the same issue left me frustrated. As soon as I walked in I was greeted by a employee, Who checked my daughter in. I didn't even get to sit he directed me straight to his desk. We were walked.back and assisted by two nurses.  Not one but two. Both were friendly. I expected a long wait after that as PMC does this. Yet again I was proven wrong. Doctor came in quickly was attentive ordered every test I felt was needed and explained why the one I felt was needed wasn't going to be done. I will definately return again.
5	This place is a wonderful vet that truly cares about your pet! I have been a customer there for a few years now and my dog/their patient is always welcomed with open arms! Just last week my little guy needed lots of dental work done and while it was not cheap (they are running a business here, people), they are very good. I have never had complications and my pet has always come home without pain or discomfort. I would recommend any Dr there, or vet tech, for that matter!
1	This place is AWFUL!!! I went there in December of 2013. I paid my co-pay in full and even double checked with the receptionist that I would not owe anymore. She told me that I was paid in full. All month (April) I have been getting calls from debt collectors, saying I owe this Urgent Care more money. I never received a bill. After checking with them, they did have my correct address and I still did not receive a bill. I will NEVER go here again or recommend it to anyone!
5	We came into urgent care around 7PM and there was no wait what so ever.. I'm not sure if it's like this in the morning or afternoon. We were greeted right away by the receptionist. She had short hair and she was so helpful and friendly. Usually when I take my niece to her pediatrician, waiting already takes around 2 hours. We were in and out of urgent care by 30 minutes. Doctor and nurses were oh so friendly.
1	Understand that when you go here you're not actually being seen by a doctor, but rather a physicians assistant.  I came in after having the flu for 4 days the Assistant told me I should take Tylenol... The flu continued, I called back that Friday about getting antibiotics and they told me to go to the hospital to get them....  The point of urgent care is to avoid going to the emergency room, this is a waste of time and money stag away
1	Stay Far Away From This Place!!!!I have visited a couple of Urgent Cares in the Charlotte/Fort Mill area, but this was by far my worst experience.  I arrived and was seen rather quickly.  I was in a lot of pain, but thought that I was off to a wonderful start.  This all changed once the door opened.  The technician who took my vitals was very cold and aloof.  By the time that the nurse practitioner Pamela Pritchett arrived my blood pressure was through the roof, which it NEVER is.  Mrs. Pritchett walked into my room in a huff.  She slapped her computer on the table and rarely made eye contact with me.  She was very belittling and condescending.  Both the technician and the nurse practitioner made me feel like quite the inconvenience.  I will never return, and cannot recommend this facility to anyone.  There are several other offices in the area that can least provide a shred of human decency and compassion!!!
