5	The ONLY real Steelers bar in Charlotte!! On game day the fans are great, not a wanna be bar like Dixie's. The Locker Room bar food has generous portions and great taste. Join us on Game Day...but remember, the establishment is packed so get there early! Join us and other Steeler's Fans for GREAT food, drink and fun!
5	Best Steelers bar in the area.  It's like being in a bar back home during a game.  Get there early if you want a seat (like, probably an hour or so before game time...maybe sooner).  Their wings are amazing - the hot wings are truly HOT, which is awesome.Also, they serve I.C. Light, which is a Pittsburgh staple that I can find barely anywhere in the QC.If you're a little homesick for the 'Burgh and you can't drive home for a weekend, come here to be rejuvenated.  If you're a member of Steeler Nation, you're always among friends.  You may even see someone you know!  Happened to me.  First time I was there.  Met someone who knew my mom.  Totes random.
2	I'm pretty baffled by the reviews on here.  A friend and I went to try this bar out and made sure it was on a Steelers game night.  I will admit that it was a Monday but based on what I read here, I thought it would be packed with Steelers fans, beer flowing and boisterous fans.  Well, there were about 12 fans and 4-5 other people in casual attire.  I was pretty shocked.  Nevertheless, we decided to sit at the bar and grab a few cold ones.  So here are the pros and cons...Pros: 1) Nice, large space with plenty of TV's2) Pool tables for some bar fun!3) Friendly bartendersCons:1) Parking lot is small and likely overflows on weekends2) Very small, "townie" crowd even on game nights (again, it was a Monday)3) Curb appeal of bar is slim to none.  It's in a strip mall.4) Women's bathrooms could use some TLC, although the important facilities were in working order :)5) Out of the way location - near the airport.I'm not saying I'd never go back to try this place on a weekend (game night) if given an incentive, but other than that, can't say I'll be back.  And, unfortunately, I must disagree with some of the current Yelp reviews.  We actually left at halftime to check out a different venue.
3	I'm a fan of dive bars so take this review with said grain of salt. Here are my criteria for a solid bar:1. Beer colder than shaved ice2. Above average bar food3. Locals atmosphere (older the better)Each time I come to Charlotte to visit my friend who works at the airport, I drink at this bar while I wait for her to get off work. This is a classic, pool tables, off-the-beaten-path, sports bar. It's likely never crowded and you don't come here to meet the love of your life. It fulfills my requirements above, but for the average person walking in, it doesn't give you anything more. Overall, a slightly above-average dive.
5	Steelers sports bar. Good selection of draft beers. Pool tables and jukebox with a healthy sampling of rock. Super friendly staff.
3	This is a good local bar.  The wings were average and they had a good beer special with 3 dollar Coronas on Wednesday.
3	Came into town on business and was looking for a place to kill a few hours before heading to dinner. Cool place as far as dive bars go, which is what I was looking for.  Came during a steelers game and was literally the only person not wearing a jersey and I think my service suffered because of it. It seemed like I was absolutely the last person at the bar to get any attention every time. Half way decent beer selection to be had at not a bad price and though I didn't eat the food looks pretty good for bar food. If you're looking to catch a game that isn't the steelers, you'll be out of luck as it's on every single tv in there. It also has a total of 3 pool tables but they seem to all be covered during games.
4	Pulled into the Charlotte airport to find out that the Steelers were tied with the Patriots at half time. I headed directly to this place.. 11 minutes away from the airport.  Iron City nice and cold.. huge order of well done onion rings, a bunch of passionate Pittsburgh fans and 1 Patriots fan that barely made it out of there with the way he was yelling!!  It was all in good fun.  I would go back....
3	This bar is a whole in the wall! If you're expecting anything other than wings or burgers and fries this is not for you. The food was good (NOT great) and I was sitting at the bar so can't comment much on the service since I was right there.The beer was cold and there were TVs around the bar and tables. The TVs were outdated and the angles where they were made it really awkward to sit at the bar.All in all, it serves it's purposes, decent bar food and cold beer with TVs to watch a game. Nothing fancy
4	Great dive bar. Could use some good cleaning and a new floor. I think this place could use a visit from John Taffer.  I bet the place would be top notch. The wings are pretty good. I am afraid to try anything else. They do have a dinner special every night. Usually comfort food. You have to check the place out if u have not been.
