5	I thoroughly enjoyed my experience with them last week. I bought a retired police cruiser awhile back and intend to turn it into a Mad Max style cruiser. Well, it needed some sound. I went over to A-1 and told them I wanted to get rid of the mufflers and sleeve the exhaust to straight pipes. In our neck of the woods, that's usually a $150 job for a dual exhaust ride. They charged me $80 and they did it in about 45 minutes! I showed up, discussed what I wanted, they took my keys, and 45 minutes in, I was rumbling down the road in my desert doom rider! Awesome service and excellent prices!
5	Called on Tuesday night with an urgent request to get my Jeep in for some much-needed repairs before the upcoming Thanksgiving holiday.  This effectively meant that all the work would need to be completed the next day - Wednesday.  Not only did they squeeze me in without much notice, the work they did was top-notch and VERY reasonably-priced.  For right around $500 (including all parts and labor), they did the following work on my faithful 1998 Jeep Cherokee:-Performed a comprensive maintenance inspection on all vehicle systems-Removed and replaced both front shocks-Removed and replaced cracked motor mounts-Removed and replaced worn sway bar bushings-Tested, removed and replaced faulty battery-Removed loose/damaged skid plate, custom-welded new mounting brackets, and reinstalled skid plate-Removed, balanced, rotated, and re-mounted all four tiresThey also noticed that the rear main (oil) seal was starting to develop a leak, as was one of the radiator seals.  Rather than recommending that these be fixed immediately, though, they asked me to simply keep an eye on them and to replace them when the leaks become problematic down the road.  Very honest appraisal of the situation and a totally pressure-free conversation.Very impressed with A-1's professionalism, high-quality workmanship, and prompt service.  The Jeep has never been driving better, and I will certainly be taking it back to A-1 for service for many years to come.
