4	Yeah, baby - halfway to Cinco de Mayo already? Awesome.The crew at Tijuana Flats - which should be named Tijuana Flautas, due to their predilection for serving anything and everything as a flauta - welcomed the Charlotte Yelp crew with open arms (and more importantly, an open kitchen) to celebrate like we may not make it to May. Diets and scales be damned!Those who didn't wear sweatpants suffered. Those who did wear sweatpants suffered as well, because there was plenty of food to go around, from the chips (which kept coming, and coming) to the first volley of flautas with cream cheese and jalapenos, to the chicken (or bean) flautas, to the very large burritos, to the finale of chocolate chip cookie dough flautas (and/or churros).And if you were sitting near a certain hairy-eyebrowed fellow, who consumed somewhere between 3 and 74 beers, it was apparent that the staff was very on point with keeping drinks full and customers happily handled as well.Kudos to Tijuana Flats, and to our girl McDimpletons for keeping the events rolling, and of course to Poprock for recording it all!
5	Firstable*, what a killer way to get passed ("guess what day it is, guess what day it is") hump day!  After putting in ten hours at the office *cue world's smallest violin*, I was looking forward to this event featuring pretty decent mex/tex-mex dishes, cold beer, and good company.AMBIANCE - The place is pretty rad, man.  They got some wild murals splashed with a ton of colorful pictures, dude.  People be taking pics near the mural even.  They have a bunch of words and stuff (but not #technologyandstuff) spray-painted all over too, brah.   Tells you that this place is chill, homie; tell you that this place is...Tijuana Flats, hombre.SERVICE - Rockstar service.  If you told me that I was going to be judged by a room filled with 40 (50?) of my peers, you best believe I'm gonna be on my A game.  These guys shined.  Solid hires - seems like they have a genuinely good team there.  Not one of them looked fake-happy (like most of my blind dates during dinner).  FOOD - Queso-rpesa. Guaca-'holy'-mole. And the salsa makes you dance. But preeeeeettttty sure the best part was all of the sauces.  For the guy/gal that picks up honey mustard, tangy barbecue, sweet'n'sour, AND spicy buffalo for that 6-piece chicken nugget meal, this place should be on your list.  15 sauces - and no one judges when you successfully balance, and bring back 9 thimbles of hot sauce for that half-burrito.  Oh yeah, you want most of the hot sauce on your burrito or taco, and not on your hands.  My right eye wanted to share that tip.Charlotte Yelp is a great community to be a part of.  And we have Poprock to capture the moments. And a fantastic CM leading the way.  At the expense of being Captain Obvious and trite*, death and taxes and having a good time at Nikki's Yelp event - life's only certainties.....oops, it got all grim in here..........[fart noise]dmo out (definitely)
4	What a great way to introduce some of my friends to what Yelp events are about!Tijuana Flats did a great job of explaining their history and menu. We always receive great service at Yelp events but my server still found away to stand out.Their freshly made gauc, salsa and queso really stood out. There were so many hot sauces to try I'll have to go back to finish working my way through them.
5	Man... if that was the celebration for just being halfway to Cinco De Mayo.... the real Cinco celebration is a must-go-to event.I was running a bit late, so had to park way back in the neighborhood (I was lucky to find my car after the event), but I was pleasantly surprised at the wonderful evening put together by the staff at Tijuana Flats and our CM.The food and drinks just kept coming and our servers were definitely going above and beyond to showcase the restaurant's food and great people.  It was really good to hear a little about how TF got started an how they are opening stores like crazy (good thing).... but whats even better is that all their stores don't look the same, so they are always breaking the mold - with a lot of success it seems.  Funny enough, the table I found myself at all hailed from the Matthews/Mint Hill/Stallings/Indian Trail area of town so we got to talk about our fav spots and compare notes.  Oops, I forgot Peggy... but it was good to meet some new yelpers and catch up with Peggy (who was cracking me up last night).I did end up with some beer on my pants... Yup, it was that kind of night.  But it's all good since I was sitting on a lucky chair with a green sticker that won some hot sauce.  Keep the beer parade coming to my lap if I keep winning things....  that probably doesn't sound too fun now that I think about it.Poprock was there as usual rocking it with the camera.  Hopefully the event got you ready for your trip to Mexico!  I managed to smile for you this time and not stick my tongue out at you.Thanks to Niki for a great event... and for the mustache that now lives on potential black-mail photos.
5	What an awesome event and we sure did pack the place with a great group of people(yelp and staff).  And tons of food and free booze to that and why wouldn't I give it 5 stars.  Parking was a little difficult, but we yelpers are pretty resourceful.  Other than that, things went quite smoothly.I walked in about 10 minutes late to see the place already packed with fellow yelpers.  After getting my name tag I looked around to see if I recognized any familiar faces.  I did, but instead of going for my comfort zone, I decided to dine with 3 strangers.  Which turned out some great diverse conversations.As per the venue.  The hot sauce bar alone will get me back in the door.  So many choices, I just started taking shots of them.  My stomach is strong(for now).  The layout is kind of like an upscale fast food joint with some nascar themed paintings, extremely random decor on the walls, and even a nice TV to boot.Booze wise, they offered pretty much whatever we wanted.  Being that I may be one of the most interesting men in the world, I had to go Dos Equis.  No regrets, great beer.  They had other above average beers on tap such as an Octoberfest.  I also saw plenty of people drinking wine as well.The first bit of food that came out was the chips and accoutrements.  The guac was solid, probably one of my favorite things of the eve.  The cheese was of the nacho consistency and the salsa was pretty straight up salsa.  Of course I added some smack my ass and call me Sally sauce to it.  Next came a flauta stuffed with cream cheese and jalapenos.  A great play on a popper.  Then came another flauta, this one with chicken and cheese.  It didn't really do it for me honestly.  Then a blackened chicken taco with beans and rice was put in front of me.  Not bad at all, and it would be rude to leave anything on the plate, right?  So, I just kept on eating.  Next up to bat, a big ole burrito.  Good thing we split it, I was past full by this point.  Oh yeah, dessert, LOL!  Another flauta!  Cookie dough.  Pretty damn tasty.  And the churros as well.  Not too shabby.  Towards the end of the meal I got up and took a look at the menu.  This place is CHEAP!  Great amount of food per theoretical dollar.As the staff had done all night, they took one more chance to talk with us.  A $10 gift certificate was in our future.  Man these guys know how to spoil some yelpers.  Thanks a lot to the whole crew for such hard work.  I hope others tipped as much as I did.
5	This event was everything from the moment we stepped foot into the door. I say we because I am carrying a baby. I totally look forward to each and every elite event this event didn't fall short of AMAZING from the ambiance, the staff, the food & the great company. When I step into the event there was a free table with no one so I decided to take a seat. After sitting there alone reading the menu for short while a group of individuals behind me sounded very entertaining so I decided to turn around and join them. That was a great idea as I met a great group of ladies and we discussed food Charlotte and yelp. As each course of food was presented with explanation by Brandy and the manager, we paid close attention & anxiously awaited our chance to taste.I was pleasantly surprised with the quality & taste of the food as I've never heard of this restaurant even on my business travels to Orlando and Raleigh. It was great to learn more about the history & various locations as I would LOVE to support in and out of Charlotte. FOOD: Each course was served Hot & Fresh full of flavor & with enthusiasm from the staff.STAFF: Pleasant and Attentive, very professional AMBIANCE: The graffiti around the venue was so vivid, bright & eye grabbing. I enjoyed reading it and taking pictures. YELPERS: Friendly as usualI was lucky and WON a bottle of one of my FAV hot sauce Flavors (Smack my A$$ and call me Sally).. I appreciated Brandy for taking me on a Hot Bar tour and suggesting several sauces for me to try and I LOVED them all. Great Event All in All
5	Let me give you Paul's perspective on ANY Yelp Elite Event.....FIRST off, this is provided for as a "loyalty reward" to us Yelp Elites....translation, it is FREE to us! So unless they serve us dog poop delivered by the Hitler youth, then I don't understand how ANY Yelp Elite event could possibly be less than 5 STARS! Come on people, put it in perspective! It doesn't matter if the food isn't the best in the cosmos....it's FREE! The people who cater these events in many cases come from near AND FAR to make sure we have a great time. Well in this case, many came from Raleigh to ensure we had a GREAT time, and guess what, I DID have a GREAT time and so did most of my fellow Yelp Elites!This was yet another superlative event hosted by my FAVE CM Nikki W (isn't she awesome, broken wing and all?)! Nikki and the staff at Tijuana Flats put SOOOOOOOOOO much effort into this event that you've GOT to give a shout out to them....so HERE'S A SHOUT OUT TO NIKKI AND THE STAFF AT TIJUANA FLATS! YEAY!The food was purdy darn good....was it the best ever? No. Could the drinks that were provided compare to those served at Zebras? No. Was everything given to us Elites FREE OF CHARGE? YES! FIVE STARS! WOO HOO!Overall I had a blast! I met a new neighbor who I found out live like a block away. I walked out STUFFED like a PIGGIE and a huge smile on my face....like I do at EVERY Elite Event!Absolutely LOOOVVVEEEDDDD the "Hot Sauce Bar!" Never seen anything like that before. OK, some of these sauces were used to smelt steel. My tongue is STILL numb from trying the "Smack My Ass & Call My Sally... Going Postal" sauce....I had to order a GALLON of Sour Cream to put the fire out. Other than that, I thought this bar was a very cool concept! GOT to go back and try ALL Their sauces! I walked out of there with the "Georgia Peach & Vidalia Onion Hot Sauce." OK, so it's classified as a "Sissy Sauce," but MAN is it good!!!Just check out the numerous pics I've posted for this event. They REALLY did a GREAT job and served us solid food! Their CHIPS are the BEST in Charlotte as they are perfectly crispy and seasoned with MORE than just salt.....The burrito was very flavorful and the Jalepeno popper app was REALLY good!Again, another FIVE STAR event! Thanks YELP and Nikki for taking such GREAT care of us! Woo Hoo!
4	What a great night with Yelp friends, food, photos & service. Once seated we started with chips served with salsa, cheese dip & guacamole. The chips were fresh with a light seasoning and were great with the all the fixings. I loved the cheese dip & guacamole but did wish the salsa had a little more flavor, salt or some sort of kick. We were then greeted by the Manager, with a great background of Tijuana Flats! 1st course served, jalepeno poppers, a nice cream cheese & jalepenos mixture, with a great sweet chili dipping sauce. 2nd course, blackened chicken taco with Refried beans and rice. My least favorite taste of the night. Although the beans were great, I found the taco lacking in a little flavor and the rice was a little bland. 3rd course, OMG!! A wet beef burrito. The beef and cheese burrito was cooked to perfection & topped with an amazing cheese sauce. Nikki and I split one, but I could have devoured the entire burrito myself !Onto the desserts, churros and chocolate chip deep fried flautas, wow!Overall, what a great event put on by Tijuana Fltas and Nikki!
5	What a great hump day event and a nice last celebration before the ice cold weather! Seriously- so much fun! The Tijuana Flats staff was so excited and so high energy- they led the energy in the room! I made new Yelp friends and connected with old ones all while enjoying some good beers and yummy food!The dip trio we started off with was yummy. You can tell the chips and dips were fresh, and all had some great flavor. Tijuana Flats' version of the jalapeno popper was a super way to kick off the tasting! I was surprised the flavors and textures and really enjoyed the way the jalapenos played off of the cream cheese and the flakey outside was perfect. The chicken in the tacos had good flavor...the rice and beans were average. I would come back to try the burrito with the Verde sauce...bet that is awesome! The chicken flautas were a table favorite and the cookie dough flautas were to die for!Thank you so much to Nikki W and the Tijuana Flats staff for such a wonderful event! I had such a great time amd will return with my $10 gift card and some friends!
5	Cheese (and more cheese), guac, hot sauce, and fried dough? What is there not to love?!I arrived at the same time as my friend (and fellow yelper) and we were immediately and happily greeted by our Yelp Queen Nikki. As much as Nikki must have on her daily plate, her energy and hospitality is constant, infectious, and greatly appreciated. Upon taking our seats, we were served chips and trio of dips: guacamole, salsa, and queso and drinks. The guacamole was my favorite and I stuffed my face happily. We had our choice of drinks including beers, two types of wine, and soda. The waitstaff was extremely accommodating and kind.The Tijuana Flats staff treated us to very generous portions of their selected menu offerings. Tacos served with rice and black beans (rice was slightly overcooked but that was the only negative I experienced), flautas, beef burritos, jalapeno poppers (HOTTTTT!), and dessert: cinnamon sugar churros and cookie dough flautas with chocolate dipping sauce. There was also a table with TF hot sauces that ranged in intensity from sweet heat to mouth-flaming fiery hot.Of course the free (and delicious!) food was wonderful but my favorite part was getting to meet other yelpers and interacting with the TF staff. Brandy - the lovely Tijuana Flats social media manager - provided some interesting company tidbits and went around and personally greeted each person in attendance. The Tijuana Flats waitstaff was energetic and went out of their way to make sure everyone enjoyed their food and drink(s).It was a great way to spend a Wednesday evening and I can't wait to take more friends to Tijuana Flats in the future!
5	So. Much. Food.This event was so much fun!  I'm pretty sure that I ate my weight in chips, queso & guac.  Free food, free beer, free swag? Yes yes yes!  The chips had a great little seasoning on them that set them apart from your regular chips and dip.  With Yelp & Tijuana Flats swag, we began our happy fat adventure...We sat with Marianne S & Theo S, I should have known that spicy food was headed our way.  We spoke with the manager and she was awesome, so friendly and helpful.  She brought over the second spiciest sauce they have (I think it was the Going Postal), and she was wearing gloves... Red flag number one. You sign a waiver to taste or purchase this sauce... Red flag number two. She brought us each a tooth pick with the sauce on the end, and two bowls of sour cream to kill the heat if needed... Red flag number three!! Haha. This sauce was SO HOT, one drop is suppose to handle an entire pot of chili. Insanity.Oh, one last note, the Cookie Dough Flautas. Seriously. Incredible. I wanted to eat every last one, dipped in the chocolate sauce - but I did share with the table. A bit. Another successful Yelp event! Thank you Nikki for organizing this with the awesome staff of Tijuana Flats, and to Poprock for capturing some really fun photos!
5	Amazing event at Tijuana Flats. Thank you Nikki and Yelp team for setting this up.Fiesta time here at Tijuana Flats. Glorious food and delicious too.Chips with three dips all freshly made. All time favorite is the Guacamole.Was not prepared for the Atomic Bomb that totally blew me away. Felt like a cartoon character with stem coming out of my ears after biting into the jalapenos poppers. I do not have an iron stomach or gut. Bring it the water hose. It was not so bad after the first bite. By the second and third bite I did not feel a thing. My immunity built up to the hot and spicy stuff.The entrees were delicious. Chicken Tacos and Beef Burritos. Top of the evening with Churros and Cookie Dough Flautas.  Got my sugar fix for the evening.Excellent service by the entire wait staff. Coming over to check if we needed more drinks and how the food was.A night to remember and fabulous memories of CMYE: Yelp's Halfway to Cinco Fiesta.
4	Had a freaking blast! Don't know what more to say...the food was delish (although the dough they use is basically for everything so many things can taste the same). THE CHIPS ARE AMAZING!!!!! best in Charlotte. I think I ate like 7 bowls?!The staff was friendly and full of life. Management was very welcoming and wanted their staff and customers to have fun.Thank you so much Nikki & Yelp for this event.I know because this was an event there is a bit more of a special treatment. SO, this is only being reviewed based on the event.Hubby & I will definitely be going back to try it out on a regular day/evening, but I have a feeling it won't be any different ;)
4	Sauce, Sauce, and More Sauce.We got private VIP treatment to taste what Tijuana Flats has to offer.  I asked around our table and most of the Yelpers have never been or even heard of the place. Unfortunately, they're overshadowed by Bad Daddy's Burger Bar close by.However, I would now give them a try. Their version of jalapeno poppers were the best on the tasting menu with the fresh jalapenos.  Everything else was pretty standard but they do have weekly deals to bring you in during the off nights.With all the saucy selections (from sweet to f-ing hot!) there's going to be something there for everyone to put on their standard burritos and tacos. My one criticism is that the burrito didn't have enough meat/ filling making it less desirable than a Chipotle where they load up the insides. Otherwise, the event was great and a positive effort by the team at Tijuana Flats!
3	Super awesome event. They managed to cater to my veggie needs. The set up was nice the yelpers were super cool and the Moscatohad to be the strongest ever. We loved it, the first two dishes win the others no so much. One person said they could see they're reflection in the cheese!!!  Yikes
5	AH! I am SO late in writing this review! After two miserable weeks at work, I can finally catch up and get back into the swing of things. What a GREAT event with AWESOME people. I had a chance to meet more fellow Yelpers in person, which is always great. From the moment we sat down we were treated like royalty!Thank you to the hardworking kitchen crew and runners delivering the goods and clearing out plates. The chips and dips were awesome. Idk what they sprinkle on those chips but they were AWESOME. All the dishes they brought out were tasty. I chose to stick with Sams Octoberfest and the Tijuana staff made sure my cup was never empty.I have actually been back twice since the event to mess around with the hot sauce bar and use up the awesome gift card we received that night! I almost didn't make it out alive the second time (going postal sauce went freak'n postal on my burrito and of course I inhaled it down).Anyways, a HUGE thank you to Nikki for putting this all together. I'm truly lucky to be able to hang with such an awesome group of yelpers who enjoy great places and share an amazing love of good food - nothing better than always being in great company! Lastly, Thank you Tijuana flats for hosting an AWESOME event for AWESOME group of yelpers!
