1	Wow no one has made a review about this place?I graduated from here in 06 and it was horrible. Though, what you or your kid makes of it can be a huge factor...Allow me to dispel this one common myth though.Just because someone resides in a nice part of town does not mean its a crime free place. Oh sure you might think that a school that is located inside the ghetto has rampant drug use. It could.but, the things people forget is,  Drugs cost money. Where there is more money there is bound to be more drug use. My brother got hooked on heroin at this school. If you can afford to give your kid $100 in allowance/fun money and they get curious about substances then of course they will have enough to get addicted. D.A.R.E certificate be damned.A ton of my classmates are currently in prison.I lost my faith in government in this building. Oh sure, its in a nice neighborhood, oh sure its very up to date and modern but, that does not mean you or your child will be free from bad influences. Not to say that 100% of teachers were bad there were some good ones just few and far between.I saw a lot of racism here. A lot of malign influences from students and teachers.Don't let the exterior fool you.If I ever have kids of my own I will not be sending them here. I'd feel better if they went to North Korea or Arkansans at least they won't be corrupted as badly over in those places.Lastly, Dean or Principal Paul Fagone is one of the most incompetent men I have ever seen in my life. He's delusional and jumps to conclusions on everything.I remember how he wears those slacks and doesn't fold some of the pant legs up. She the bottom of his pants are always ragged because he's walking on them. A sign that he thinks he's taller then he is.
4	I have three kids going to this school and am very happy with this place.a.  Location - In the 89052 area in Henderson which is a nice place overall, a quiet residential area with lots of easy access.b.  School - Voted one of the best schools, so the possibility of your child getting a great education here exists.c.  Quality - I find this school is like all other schools. The experience we have here as parents is 100% directly related to the input, the communication and the clarity we seek when discussing anything important.  I used to get upset at many things about this school, the administration and their rulings.  Until I realized that it was more important to make a choice to do something vs. just ranting and raving.d.  Quantity - The school is already impacted so if you are not zoned for this school, you will have a difficult time to get in.e.  Like all schools, you need to be as parents involved 100% in your child's education and activities.  Get involved!
1	I'm a former student here graduated in 2010. It was a absolute joke if I could go back to the 8th grade where I could pick my high school I would have tried to get into the Las Vegas academy. I don't wanna totally dog this place and be THAT GUY! I had a hand full of awesome teachers there that had the passion to actually teach but again that was only a handful in the 4 years I went.  The other teachers acted like it was a baby sitting job and I had one teacher actually refuse to teach his class because he was anger with the school district.Las Vegas just sucks for education in general if I have kids they won't even go to school out here.Also drugs are a huge thing too. Passing period I'd watch all of these wanna be hendo thugs selling drugs I saw some from get hooked on heroine and I have heard that several of my peers have died from over dosing and I even started to get hooked on pills myself my 10th grade year but cleaned up shortly after it's shitty but it's true and I waited till I was clean a whole year till I told my parents. Majority of the teachers are a jokeLol the deans weren't my biggest fan and I wasn't theirs either so I think it's a mutual disagreement And the majority of the students were a joke too. I loathed being there for 4 years Absolutely materialistic and stupid coming from 14 year old who don't know jack shit about life (neither did I at the time) The school only wanted money for stupid stuffOK like I said earlier I don't wanna be that guy! The good things about the school.............Ughhhh......................My teachers that's all I have nice to say about the school besides Chinese food Tuesday -.- Mr. Speiglymyer was my world history teacher and he was the man! Friggin awesome old school guy that actually taught me somethingMrs. Reed my sociology teacher had a open mind and you could tell se was a little kid still inside which made it awesome to talk to her about anythingMr. Brayman was fucking awesome my Brit lit teacher who actually prepped me for the real world senior year taught me about how college would be and how to think on my own cuz most the other teachers mistakes it for elementary school and had us color like we were 5 years old :/ but not this guy we had to know our shit! My hardest class ever! But taught me the most because he was the most realistic Other then that this place sucked. If you love your kids don't send them here send them somewhere else
