5	This is the best haircut I've had in the four years I've been living in Pittsburgh. It was super reasonably priced at $15, and they gave me a cold, beer while I sat! Cool art on the wall, good hair products and cool clothes for sale were a nice touch as well. I found the atmosphere to be exactly how they described it on the website: a place where a man who takes pride in his appearance can feel comfortable doing just that.I'll be back soon and often. I've been to places like this in San Francisco, Boston and Brooklyn and been hoping that someone would open one here in the burgh. Well done guys!
5	Got my hair cut here a few days ago, best its looked since I was a kid and didn't have a choice!  Awesome atmosphere, theres a bike tie off up front for anyone who decides to pedal over, and Michael is a artist with the mess he had to work with that is my hair.  Regular customer for life now
5	Hard to not give this new joint 5 stars. First, the cut itself: solid. My hair situation isn't complicated, but Michael is a true professional - lots of questions about how I like it to look: length, product, geometry, how long it's been since my last cut, etc. Second, the experience: interesting, friendly, and definitely very cool. The space itself is super interesting - it looks like it should be the set of a TLC tv show called 'pittsburgh cutters' or something. Lots of art, kitschy stuff on the walls, awesome set up. You can even have a beer while you wait. Michael was also super friendly and chatty. Hoping that this venture is a success because I'd definitely like to come back!
5	Mister G&G is a class act.Michael clearly is on a different level than the other places I've been. I can't remember the last time I've been this pleased with a haircut, probably because it was never. He asks good questions and gives good advice, walking out I felt like a million bucks.At $15 per haircut this place is worth that and more, not to mention the free drink and very friendly service!If they keep their service at this high level of quality, then as long as my hair keeps growing, I'll keep going to Mister G&G.
4	Awesome time at Mister. Went for a shave and a haircut. Michael & Allie are both polite and the experience was awesome. Free drinks, lots of chit-chat, and a straight razor shave with lots of hot towels, shave oil and treatments. I feel like I made such a good choice for a grooming splurge and hope they are around for a long time to come. Shave & cut with styling was $45, an absolute steal compared to similar experiences in other cities. Mister is branded well, and the shop is a place anybody would want to hangout, with tons of cool art. Not intimidating at all and lots of fun. I'd recommend it to every one of my guy friends.
5	I was very impressed with this place.  I've usually gone to one of the older Italian Barber's in Bloomfield.   Although they usually do a good job, I was looking for something different and this fit the bill.  I went with a hair cut and beard trim and was very satisfied.  They have excellent customer service and make you feel at ease.  It was nice to be given a beer while I was there.  It has a nice atmosphere and there is some cool artwork and decor.  The quality of the hair cut and beard trim was very high, I couldn't have been more satisfied.  The prices are very reasonable too.  I can't think of another place in town that can offer a $15 hair cut on this level.   They seem somewhat busy(which is a good thing), but I was able to schedule something within a few days.  They also have a wide range of other options as well, so it's worth looking at their menu to see what else you might want besides just a haircut.  This is definitely the best haircut I've had in Pittsburgh and I will definitely be back.  I wish them only the best.
5	Just got my haircut here. Awesome atmosphere. I can say without hyperbole that this is one of the best haircuts I've ever had. Never been more satisfied. Michael did a fantastic job. Reasonable prices. You can't beat this place.
5	Finally, Pittsburgh has a quality barbershop!!! Mister Grooming & Goods offers more than just your standard high and tight hair cut. Micheal gives a high quality, stylish hair cut as well as offering suggestions and tips on how to style your hair, what products to use, etc. On my last visit I got the best haircut I've gotten in the 5 years I've lived in Pittsburgh. The overall atmosphere is really fun. Micheal and Alli are happy to chat with you,  the walls are covered in unique artwork, there are a few televisions with the game on, and they even offer you a beer while you wait. What more could you want?Hair cuts are $15, calling ahead for an appointment is recommended, they actually said you can text them to check on open times, and the hours are very reasonable. After bouncing around from barber to barber for years, I can say with certainty that I've found the place for me.
5	Can't imagine a much better haircut or experience in Pittsburgh. Michael is a great. Atmosphere is fun and friendly.  You will definitely need an appointment. Affordable and worth every dollar.
5	As a woman with short hair, I've spent a lot of time searching for a place in PGH where i could get a great haircut. Mister is fantastic, I'm so glad they opened up in Pittsburgh. In addition to getting a wonderful haircut, the folks at Mister (Heather and Mike) were fantastic company. I recommend Mister above all other places in the area.
5	Awesome trendy place, great conversationalist Michael is also amazing at hair. He showed me how to style my new haircut, as well as which products to use on my hair. The art in the store I for sale and amazing. An added bonus was the fact that there is a complementary beer if you so wish to partake in a cut and a brew. I will definitely be back.
2	The first time I went to Mister it was a great experience, I got a good haircut in an astoundingly short amount of time.  My second experience was terrible.  Michael barely paid any attention to what he was doing.  When he was done he asked the obligatory "what do you think" as I stared at the worst haircut I've ever seen.  The left and right side of my head are completely different.  If it was simply a matter of taste; just a cut I didn't particularly care for, it wouldn't be a problem, but I honestly feel like he couldn't have cared less.
5	I was able to get an appointment on a Saturday with a quick phone call just a few days in advance.I was immediately greeted and asked if I'd like something to drink and felt very welcomed.MJ cut my hair perfectly and then washed and styled it. As someone who has gone to Dan Cercone's  barbershop a bunch of times I feel like Mister Grooming & Goods does a great job of being a barbershop with enough extras to leave you way more satisfied. Basically, they do a great job of meeting somewhere in the middle of a barbershop and a salon--something that I think most guys will appreciate.
5	Best cut in the Burgh! Hands down the best.  MJ was awesome, and the whole atmosphere was great.  Beer in hand, clean cut, fun conversation, can't ask for more.
5	I've been a regular customer since they opened.  I think it's near impossible to get a better value for a haircut in the city of Pittsburgh.  The owners are extremely nice and you are supporting a local business not some BS chain.  Mike is extremely well skilled and also very good with children.  He has been cutting my son's hair since he was 7.  As others have said you are always greeted warmly.
5	I moved to Pitt. a couple of months ago, and was in need of a new place.  After looking over yelp, this is where I landed and the reviewers were spot on.  The whole crew is inviting, prices are good, and Michael (one of the owners) is great at what he does -- I am sure everyone else is, too, but I've been going back to him whenever I go.  I always get a great haircut and conversation when I go in every 3 weeks or so, and I've sent anyone who will listen their way.  You'll want to be sure to get an appointment, especially on the weekends, but you will leave there feeling good and looking as good as you can (whether that results in looking model-like or a like someone who wishes that the "husky-boy" section at Sears still existed to make shopping easier, like me, I can't say).
5	I am relatively new to town and after being disappointed at two other salons I finally found mister grooming via yelp. I had long (awesome long) hair for the last 4-6 years. I'm a professional artists and my hair was part of my image, not to mention... you just get attached to it, so parting with it was a nerve wracking decision. But it was time. So, I went in not really knowing what I wanted or what to expect. everyone in the building, the staff and the customers were all super fun, relaxed and made me feel comfortable about the big move. The hair cut is great and I've been getting awesome compliments all day. So... good atmosphere, great people, stylish and professional cuts, hip, AND... best part... only $20?! Where I'm from a good hair cut that only costs $20 is a no brainer. One satisfied customer here. will be back again for sure. Ohh, and MJ was my barber. good guy, knew what he was doing and super nice. But from what I saw I think everyone there is very good.
5	First haircut in a year and it was a great experience.  Barber was fantastic.  Great scene.  Great service.  Wouldn't think twice about going again or recommending the shop.
5	Yelp has let me down before but I trusted the great reviews for Mister and I do not regret it. I've been cutting my own hair for 3 years for the simple reason that I'm usually always disappointed after paying for a haircut. I decided it's time to stop hacking at my own scalp and time to try finding someone who knows what they're doing, and boy do the people here know what's up. I was running late to my appointment (because Pittsburgh's road work is never done)so I called in and they were very nice about it and took me in around closing time. I walked in and got a friendly smile, a beer and left with the haircut I went in for, rare! A great buzz for a great price, check these folks out.
5	Great vibe, good people, awesome cut. Finally a barber in Pittsburgh where they not only know how to handle a scissors but the place has cool decor and a comfortable vibe. When I walked in, I was greeted with smiles and offered a coffee, beer or water. Ali did a bang-up job on my hair and I left knowing that I will be back again soon--although maybe a little later in the day so I can enjoy a beer while I get my cut.
5	Best hair cut and shave in the city. Also a good beer before you start. I went to about 4 different barbers around the area and every time left feeling like a drunk had gone wild on me after only asking for a buzz cut. But this place they take their time. They treat everyone like VIPs and I love the way the place looks. The price is great for the hair cut you get and I ever mind leaving a good tip. Oh and make sure to call ahead they are always booked. I know the welcome walk ins but good luck getting a last minuet cut by them.
5	The reviews are correct.  Appointments fill up very fast, though I called right when they opened and got on their "cancel list", ended up getting an appt that same day.As for the haircut, it was a great cut for any amount of money.  When you consider that it was only $20, it was mind-blowingly good.  Supercuts price, high end salon result.  Included a shampoo and style too.Last, but not least, a warm towel on the neck complimented the ice cold beer better than you could imagine.  You're not going to get a better value in Pittsburgh, I can assure you of that.Best practice: set your next appointment when leaving your current one.
1	Slightly perplexed by the reviews here and on yelp. I got a haircut and it was below mediocre. Really nothing better than the $8 establishments in bloomfield or oakland. Now that would be fine if it were an unpretentious $8 establishment, but it isn't.Aside from the quality of the haircut. I tried to get an appointment on Thursday and they claimed they were booked all the way till Tuesday. Wow. Fine, I come on Tuesday morning and get my haircut. There were 6-7 staff here, a good half of whom didn't seem to be doing anything other than fooling around. Ok. After the mediocre haircut I asked if I could get a straight shave and I was told that no, because I didn't book it. Again, of the three male barbers one was cutting my hair and the other two hadn't been doing anything all the time I was there.UPDATE 10/12/2014.Ok, so this is really pathetic. Yesterday I received a message from a person calling themselves Regina Filangi (apparently this is a pseudonym from a show) from an account that appears to have been created just recently with no reviews or other activity. The message was basically a long and pathetic rant about my review above. I'll spare the readers all of it, just wanted to share the following sentence:"It's a shame that you, as an angry black woman (judging by all reviews you've written), decided to create a Yelp account so that you are able to take out your "the world owes me something" aggression on the unfortunate businesses you've decided to visit."I would consider giving the owners of Mister G&G the benefit of doubt and say that maybe this is some unaffiliated nut head, but the fact that the writer appears overly familiar with the shop and its operations, as well as the fact that they created an account specifically to address my review makes me believe otherwise. Can't really add much here, you guys are as low as it gets.
4	Taking a break from reviewing restaurants for once. Even fat kids need to shake it up a bit. Let the image of the Truffle Shuffle pass. I'll wait. Done? Here we go then. I first found Mike and the gang through my friend. Mike had been his barber for years before setting out on his own. I was in need of a cut so I took the tip and called down. The woman on the phone was personal and professional. While their website features a picture stating walkins were welcome, I was politely informed that appointments were required. Ok. I get being busy and to the point where you can't accommodate any joe off the street but maybe update your website then. Either wY I got an appointment and went down a few days later. When I walked in I was very impressed with the space. It's bright and warm with a mix of old furniture and punk rockish signs and hangers on the wall. Slightly hipster but not enough to be pretentious. This is very difficult to pull off so kudos. The girl at the front desk greeted me with a warm smile and a choice of coffee, water or beer. She didn't even judge me for going with beer at 11 AM (I had a long night ok?). The actual cut was a pleasant experience as well. The guys and girls working are funny and personable but are quite capable of cutting in quiet. Every time I leave I always leave looking great (at least the top half of my head does). With all this raving you might ask why I stop just short of a perfect score. For me perfection is something you need to hit to get the score. A couple things keep them at a 4. First would be the website I covered earlier. Second would be the fact that I can never seem to be able to get a straight shave. Every time I try to book one I am told the day is too booked and to see if there is an opening after my appointment, but of course there never is. Maybe I just don't like artificially inflated hopes. The final thing would be the price. Personally I feel they are a little on the high side but not to the point that they keep me away. All in all I like Mister. The cuts a crisp and clear at a relatively decent price. I have no plans on finding another barber any time soon.
5	Oh, Mister Grooming & Goods, you are as awesome as they come. While there are plenty of other choices in and around the area for a cut, what separates you from the pack is that you've created an environment which is inclusive to everyone that walks in the door.Your rates are super competitive and throwing in a beer is like yummy frosting on an already delicious cake.  Throw in the ability to text appointment requests/changes/or just shoot the sh*t and you've got one happy guy.
5	I'd give them 6 stars if I could. I started going to Mister shortly after they opened last year and have been a loyal customer ever since. I went to try something different (I'd been seeing my previous barber for 7 years) and loved what I got: a better haircut and better atmosphere for less money.  I've worked with Michael from the start but Ali and MJ are both excellent too; I see their work while I'm getting cut and am consistently impressed. Heather is also awesome and always makes me feel welcome and comfortable. At the end of the day, you can get a good haircut in a lot of places, but at Mister, you get more than that: a consistently positive all-around great experience, a few laughs and complementary coffee/water/beer. It's the people that work there that make the difference; they treat you like a friend, not just a customer.
1	JERSEY SHORE meets THE KARDASHIANS...I went in with high expectations, and left the shop after my cut and decided i will never go back. I got a hangover massage and a cut that day. While getting my massage, the barber was more interested in yelling across the studio to talk to the girl working the front desk and her boyfriend who unexpectedly stopped in than paying attention to me and what she was doing. She cut my hair an inch and a half shy of what i requested, and the most ANNOYING part was the fact that they turn all the chairs to the center of the room so they can talk to each other. I didn't see the mirror until the end of the visit, only to realize what a disappointing cut i received. They were so into letting the customers know what their social life was all about. I don't care that you're going to a rave, and i don't care that you plan on wearing a bikini top to it. (i thought raves ended in 2003)They think they're cool and hip, but they're not. They may want to relocate back to Verona or deeper into the burbs.I will be going to Ryan Graham's Barber Shop a few blocks down the street from now on.
