5	I recently had a digital perm done here and I absolutely love the results! Mr. Kim is very talented. I will definitely return in the future for another perm!
4	Just got a digital perm today. Took 2 hours and half. Although I got a better and bigger curls else where 8 months ago (which lasted for a good 6 months) in San Diego, this place is good. The only con is that my hair is a lot dryer which is expected from and it's not as the big curly wave (should have went with my instinct by using the big roller instead. Kim recommended medium roller so that the curl wouldn't be lose). Ps: I have very thick wavy hair and  I posted my result :)..
5	I lived in South Korea for a year, which is where I got my first Japanese Hair Straightening.  My hair has a very thick wave in the back that is hidden by a layer of straight hair.  I have tried the Brazilian Blowout on my hair twice and not noticed any change (and it's more expensive).  Since being back in the states, I decided that I needed to find somewhere to get my hair straightened since my own hair stylist doesn't do this.  I found Cleo Beauty Salon and it was just like being back in Korea.  Mr. Kim and his wife, who run the salon, are both Korean and fabulous at what they do.  I HIGHLY recommend them!!!  My hair looks fantastic, and that's saying a lot!  It was well worth the $150 and 3.5 hours.  Beware of other salons that want to charge anywhere from $400-900 depending on length and thickness....  I doubt there's a difference and why pay more when Cleo's does a fabulous job!  I will most certainly be back to do this again once my roots grow out.
5	Their service was AMAZING! I just had a digital perm done today at Cleo's and they were on top of everything! My hair turned out great and it took about three hours! They were also pretty busy. Had five people come in while I was there. One was getting hair dyed, another also a digital perm, and the others just haircuts. There were only two people working, and they were on top of everything and at the same time took their time and didn't rush! I love my digital perm! Thank you Cleo's!!
5	Today it was my second visit to this salon. Actually this time I was visiting in from North Carolina just for 2 days and visiting Cleo was one of my top priorities of this trip since I can't find awesome hair stylist like Mr. Kim in my new area. Last September I got digital perm - outcome was gorgeous and long-lasting. I have received many many compliments. Today I got just a hair cut, which revived my digital perm nicely :)  Mr. Kim has long experience doing digi perm both in Japan and in this country, it makes him pick right amount of time etc to make a desired style.  I guess I will fly back to AZ again for my next digi perm!
5	I am really, really, really impressed with this hair salon. And let me tell you why in this first paragraph short-hand: It is a simple salon, but they do fabulous, flexible, customized work to your preference. At a great price too!First, I'll walk you through the first impressions upon walking in. I showed up fifteen minutes early to my 6 o clock appointment that I phoned in advance. It is nothing fancy in there, but it is not run-down cheap. There is no in-your-face HERE BUY MY SALON'S HAIR PRODUCTS that you typically find at other salons. It is simply a desk with a computer to process transactions, a comfortable seating area, and a warm staff consisting of just husband and wife (possibly other staff too but at 6 PM on a Saturday nobody was there other than them). They are a Japanese couple, and they were warm in greeting my arrival. I took my seat, waited for less than 5 minutes and was in the chair to get my hair cut and styled more than ten minutes in advance of my 6 PM appointment. Already, I am impressed.But wait, there is more!I brought some reference photos on how I wanted my hair to be cut. Usually, when I show photos to a stylist, they nod, and just proceed to cut. That is sort of what happened here, but the stylist went ahead and asked me what I would like adjusted, what I was going for. He LISTENED to what I wanted that a photo can't describe on its own. I mean, the photo reference could've been for someone with a totally different hair type, different hair product could've been used to style the hair than what I have at home, etc etc. The stylist ran through AS MANY DETAILS possible and thoroughly explained hair concepts that I was previously unaware of or understood too simply.So he proceeded to explaint that most stylists, even those that understand Asian hair, don't understand that it's not just a matter of working the blade to thin out hair. There is a whole texturing process that most stylists over-simplify with Asian hair. He explained how when styling my hair "Japanese style" one twists the hair slightly with the hair wax. This is something I already knew, but he showed me that when CUTTING the hair the stylist must twist the hair when cutting to reach the desired texture most common with Japanese men's "destroyed" hair style looks, in ADDITION to the whole hair thinning "point cut" technique that every good stylist should recognize about Asian hair.I was most impressed with the stylist's background. He has literally traveled around the world studying with different professionals on hairstyles, so he has a really well rounded, expert take on how to cut hair.And it showed.I am so used to a haircut  taking an hour long. Haircut that takes more than 30 minutes, the washing of the hair, the back massage.This haircut took less than 30 minutes, and that includes the hair washing and massage. I DID NOT FEEL RUSHED at all. The man is just efficient with his time, yet he never speaks or acts in a fashion that makes you feel unappreciated or rushed.In short, the visit was short and sweet, the owners are experienced, and they do not overcharge for their services. I would come back, and I have already recommended some of my coworkers to come give this salon a try.I know I'm definitely coming back to this salon!
5	I love Mr. Kim! I was so scared to digiperm my hair for the first time ever...or to really just do anything with my hair because I'm obsessed with healthy smooth hair, but honestly this was the best decision I've ever made, hair-wise haha. I repermed my hair after about 6 months, because my hair is naturally super straight. My hair felt slightly dry at first which was suspected due to the chemicals, but after a week or two it was back to it's normal smooth silky self :)! I also washed my hair every day, so maybe for those who do the "every other day washing" routine, it may last longer than 6 months before you are just left with waves instead of bouncy curls. Mr. Kim advised me to blow-dry and twist with your fingers to give it that curling iron curl look...but I personally do not like blow-drying unless really necessary. I simply combed through my hair with my fingers in the shower or a large tooth comb and scrunched it while air-drying. Definitely the only salon I will go to for digital perming.
5	My wife went for a Japanese hair straightening procedure here.  Her review: I have gone to a boutique salon in Mumbai, India in the past and Cleo Beauty Salon is just as good.  They spent four hours on the procedure and they did not try to sell or pressure me into buying things I did not need.  It was busy the entire time, but no one had to wait for service.  My hair came out looking silky as you see in all those hair commercials on TV.  I look forward to returning when my hair grows out and I want to perform this procedure again.  The price was less than what I paid in India for the same quality of procedure.
5	I had the best experience here. It's not fancy or anything, but Mr Kim is incredible. He's got decades of experience, studied in London. He's the only stylist I would trust in the state to do Japanese Thermal Straightening (Yuko) on my hair. Now my hair air dries sleek and gorgeous, and so shiney! And it was so affordable! I will drive the 45 minutes every time - so worth it!
5	Been coming here for many years for the Asian straight perm.. Never fails! Hair is so silky smooth. He is always looking for the best hair products to use on his clients. I enjoy when his wife washes my hair..feels like a nice head massage lol.
5	I am completely happy with the results.  The Salon owner cut my hair and did a great job.  Making this place my Salon for all my future hair needs.
5	My first time here. Omg love love love my digital perm plus the treatment he used, amazing. My hair, even with the perm, feels healthier than when I came in. So nice too. Worth the 40 min drive it takes me to get here.
4	Went in for a haircut for my son and husband. The men's cut was 20 and the kids cut was $15. There was only one guy in the salon and we were the only clients. He started cutting my husbands hair but kept leaving when the phone rang. No big deal except one of his calls lasted close to 5 minutes. The end result was a great cut. It was just a bit weird at the time. My sons cut wasn't as good as our regular stylist. But he did ask the stylist to cover his ears. It just looks awkward. Overall I would go back. He spent a lot of time on the cut and my husband's hair looks great.
5	My sister and I were very satisfied with this salon. They really know how to cut and style hair especially asian hair. Ikue did an amazing job because she was able to get what style we wanted. We showed her a picture and she discussed to us on how she will do it with a few adjustments so it will compliment with the shape of our face. She is very nice, pleasant and also didn't rush us. The $20 haircut was well worth it because that included washing the hair, blow dry and styling. We will definitely go back and recommend them to our friends.
5	This is a really good place. I've had my hair digitally permed four times now and he has done the best job of all the others. I like the team of husband and wife working together it did help it go quicker. He also really did understand what he was doing, he took his time trimming and a layering it so that it would lay nicely when it was permed. And it was also cheaper than the others even though he took just as much time to really cut it and blow dry it and stylet. Looking to find this so close to my house.
