4	Think of this as an outlet store for Hall of Frames.  This especially works when you know it's owned by the same family that has owned Hall of frames since they created it the 70's in Phoenix.  Though the location doesn't look like much, the back of this building is even their corporate office. They have great deals on custom framing and they have lots of pre-made frames as well based on what you're going for.  While they always keep a base of favorites, the prices are especially good on some frames because when a company has stopped making a particular line, he takes all the framing inventory left in his 13 stores and sends it here.  He knows it won't necessarily be around forever and they'd like to encourage that all of that get sold as soon as possible.  As for their service and quality - every team member on his corporate staff has to start out working the counter, cutting the mats and doing the framing.  The person helping you may be a future accountant or store manager.  Great product, good prices and amazing service.
4	Oh, the hours I wasted at the big chains looking for an affordable framing option for this big print.  Hours from my short life I'll never get back.  Hours I could've been caring for the sick or spreading global warming awareness.  OK, for sure I know I missed at least one Happy Hour because I waited to check Yelp which directed me to Paradise Framing.  They were very helpful showing me different options in my budget, and making sure the frame and matting all coordinated with the print well.  Price was very fair, and they did quick, quality work.  Next time I'm going to Paradise Framing, then straight to Happy Hour - um, social work.
1	I am an artist and have been looking for an outlet type store for buying frames.  This store claims to be an outlet.  I spoke with a woman who told me this is their factory and they build and supply frames to their Hall of Frames stores throughout the valley.  I told her I was looking for a place to get some great prices on frames and she said "You have found the place!"  HA!!  Then she proceeded to show me the frames they carry and how I can get 25% - 40% off.  I was NOT impressed.  I am getting 40% off of an exorbitant price.  No thank you.  I will not shop at this business.
4	I am satisfied with the work that they have done for me on framing my very oversized medical diploma and framing canvas prints that I have actually bought for a deal in this place. Rock on!!!
4	I first stopped in the Hall of Frames in Desert Ridge to get a 24x36 print framed. I was told it was going to be about $400 to frame the print!!! WOW! I said I would just find another frame shop, I didn't necessarily want or need custom frames. The woman at Hall of Frames said they had an outlet shop, Paradise Picture Frames that might be cheaper. When I visited the store they were having a sale on a lot of frames but I only found a few that would fit my print but I didn't really like any of them. It was suggested that I could get a custom frame for less than $100 and I was sold. Turned out it cost me $75. Because of the sale they were a little backed up with stuff to frame so mine took about 2 weeks. When I got it back it looked very nice. In the two weeks they took to do my framing, I did some price comparison and found an online site and priced a similar frame, it was only slightly more expensive to do the online plus I would have to put the frame together. So Paradise Picture Frames is the place for custom frames for me!!! At least my larger framing needs. My only complaint is that, for as many frames as they had in stock, they didn't have a lot of a selection for larger framing needs.
5	I used Paradise Picture Frames for hanging up my artwork at my home a few months ago. I decided I needed a professional to do the job. Robert came to my home and was a true professional who did an outstanding job in hanging the artwork. He was very efficient and provided advice that I truly appreciated when your not where to place a picture. Today I walk in my house and go wow I love what he did! It was affordable and well worth the investment. Thank you Robert for your the best. Also Michael did a great job in helping me select the proper framing materials for my artwork. No reason to go anywhere else!
