5	Okay, so I wasn't entirely enthused when my parents told my wife and me that they were "treating us" to Celine Dion for Christmas, when we visited them during the holidays.  It was a thinly veiled excuse for them to go see Celine in concert.But as time went on, we starting looking forward to it.  I mean Caesar's built the frickin' venue just for her.  And Dragonne was producing it.  Add to that the fact that she's leaving (unless her contract gets renewed, I think she's done after Dec. 2007) and we were mildly looking forward to it.I have to say that the show does not disappoint.  While I don't listen to radio stations that readily play Celine's songs, I thoroughly enjoyed the show.It's extremely well produced.  Dragonne, with his Cirque background, did a great job creating a whimsical experience.  And the background visual effects were stunning and/or cheesy.There isn't a bad seat in the house. Would I see Celine again?  Sure... if my parents are treating us again.
4	I'm not a Celine fan as I am not at all familiar with her work. However, my friend was, and wanted to see her in concert, especially since it is now her "last year."While not familiar with her music, the stage work was very well done and kept my interest in the concert. The Colosseum venue is very good, and all seats seemed to be good, albeit the seats a bit thin, built more for a Celine build rather than my more than adequate size.Would I recommend the show? If you are a Celine fan, of course! However, if not a fan, there are so many shows to see in Vegas that I suggest you spend your hard earned dollars on something you have a real interest to see.BTW: My friend, a definite Celine fan, loved the show!
5	GO SEE THIS SHOW ITS HER LAST YEAR.  the woman had her contract extended by like 3 years for a reason.  i never really cared that much for celine dion but after this show, I FUCKING LOVE HER.  this show is made by dragone, so you know its going to be visually amazing already.  god, i got such a strong feeling of nostalgia from this show.  for some reason, really made me think of milan kundera books and i love him.  anyways, for the first 1/3 of the show i was so convinced that it was recorded and she was lipsynching.  thats how good it was.  and she is so sweet.  this is really, a breathtaking show.
4	i'm not a fan of her music at all but i thoroughly enjoyed this show and that's exactly what it was, a show.  the set design and choreography were pretty outstanding.  celine dion herself seemed to be a good entertainer as she was speaking w/ the crowd a bit during the show rather than coming off as a pompous brat who knows she's more talented than anyone in the room.  my wife is a huge fan and absolutely adored the show as she was on her feet for most of the show.
5	I'm giving this concert a 5 not because I am a Celine Dion fan, but because of the overall experience of my night. We sat in Orch3 row M, great seats! You could hear her powerful voice so clearly, it wasn't like being at HP Pavillion of anything. I was stoked to have Dragone choreograph it since it definitely boosted my rating to a 5 instead of like a 4. When I was tuning out Celine, I could just get lost in the cool dancers and scenes being painted before me on the stage. My sister was sitting next to be balling her eyes out the whole time, wish I had a tissue for her. She LOVED the show, being a huge Celine fan. I liked a few of her songs, so it was cool to hear her belt them out live, but for the half of her songs I didn't know, I was glad for the other stuff on stage to keep me busy. Celine looks really good after all these years. I wouldn't go again, but it was good to see once. If you like Celine, you should go since it's her last year. They also take away your camera but they do it in an orderly way so you can get it back easily after the show, it wasn't a mad house. I was impressed how easy they made it.
5	My husband and I got free tix b/c his job took us to Vegas for their annual awards banquet and footed the bill. Most of the people at the Company are men anywhere from 23-50. You would have thought they would have hated it but they LOVED it. It was so nuts that it was amazing. She really is  super talented and so are the weird circus people.
5	One of my very few 5 star reviews.  Granted, I am a HUGE Celine Dion fan and I have tolerated years of ridicule from my friends, but this show was awesome.  I do admit that Celine Dion is quirky and does randomly hoot and yelp (no pun intended) throughout the concert  which I did find odd.  But she is such an awesome performer and I really loved the sets and backup dancers. There were also a bunch of really overly enthusiastic people in the audience - some looked like they were about to pass out from the excitement.  I am a big fan, but not a fanatic so I was able to remain conscious during the show.  I hear her stint in Vegas ends Dec 15, 2007 so go see it while you can!
5	I wasn't a big Celine Dion fan, But I am now!  It was my mother's 70th birthday and I thought that this would be a fun weekend for her.  I had heard mixed reviews from friends, but WOW!  She sounds just as good as her recordings, not too many artists can do that.  She really becomes the song, never have I been so moved by a performance. I admit it, I also cried!  Some songs were so emotionally moving, I couldn't help it.  I want to take my girls to see it. I know they would love it.
3	Girl can sing, y'all.  I got free tickets because I was in Vegas for an uncle's birthday, and was prepared to be pleasantly surprised because I'd done my Yelp reading.  They were right (of course.)So, first song.  Celine is wearing a black dress.  She finished the song and the lights went out dramatically, darkening the entire theater while applause burst out.  Not more than a few seconds later, the lights came back on, but Celine was wearing a white suit.  HOW DID SHE DO THAT?  I couldn't get over it.  She totally had a tearaway dress on.  She must have!Other cool tricks like this throughout the show, besides watching to see how many times Celine punched her own chest with her fist, were excellent compliments to her beautiful voice.  I could have dealt with a little less trilling at the end, and the 2 "featured dancers" that were always on stage were a little weird (a bellhop in a yellow suit, and a guy whose skin was purposely painted white who liked to run around with his arms up), but overall, the show was pretty great.  The dance numbers (which Celine barely participates in, which is a pretty good idea, because when she did, it didn't work so well) were choreographed by Mia Michaels, and for those who watch "So You Think You Can Dance," it totally shows.  The moves were very reminiscent of her dances on the reality show as well.  Overall, a great way to spend a night, especially if it's free!
5	For as much as people knock Celine, I wonder how many of them actually know good vocals when they hear them.  Besides Whitney in her prime, there are very few other vocalists that I can think of that are as powerful and elegant as Celine.Her show has been running in her custom built stage for the past few years and is a great show to see.  Not only do you hear her wondrous voice and most popular songs, you're treated to a great special effects and lights show along w/ great dancers as well.But alas all good things must come to an end they say.  Dec 15th will be her final show, and Cher will take over the reigns as the featured performer at Caesar's.
5	This must be the best concert I ever went to. I enjoyed every moment while I was at the Caesar's Palace. It was the fifth show towards the end before the  finale. It was definitely worth the money I paid for. Celine has one of the most beautiful voices in this world..Each song she sung at the concert was beautifully displayed by her outfits she wore, the dancers, the instruments, the background singers, & the displays.
5	O-M-G! What a spectacular show! This is what my BFF and I came to Vegas for. Our girl Celine was captivating!!! She totally delivered! The creative direction of Dragone whose talent stems from his Cirque background and Celine's amazing voice and songs are what makes this sought-after show sooo sooo magnificent!  Definitely worth seeing but with her last year of performing and with less than 10 shows left, one would be extremely lucky to score tickets.
5	I can't believe I'm giving this woman 5 stars!!!!  I went along for the ride with a crazy Celine fan.  I went to my seat with my cocktail and was already thinking about my personal allowance at the roulette table.  I really legitimately enjoyed the entire show.  I gotta give it to her, I was not aware that I liked so many of her songs. Her voice is just as good live as on her albums.  Remember I'm not a fan!  Celine was also very charming when she took time out to chit chat to her fans in between songs. I respect her for performing her hit songs live better than her recordings, considering she performs numerous shows every week.  I didn't care for all the cirque de sole crap, but its just the background.
5	I was fortunate to see this show twice before she left Vegas in 2007. Both times were great, of course! She is a phenomenal singer, and probably one of the best of all time! It was great that this show was also a creation by the famous Dragone of Cirque du Soleil! Great effects, and fabulous singing! I cried during the song called "If I Could", which was dedicated to her child. Celine was even kind enough to sit and talk to the audience, and did an encore for us. Absolutely LOVED THIS SHOW! If you didn't see it, you can always get the DVD! *I wasn't surprised when the tickets for the last shows were being bid on (starting at about $250+)
4	Paid $200 to see Celine last year. I was disappointed. Her show was way to slow for me. I almost fell asleep during the show. Dont get me wrong, I love her songs that's why I went to see it in the first place. Another reason I'm giving it 4 stars. Let's just say I would have been more satisfied just listening to her songs at home on my mp3 player. What they could have done is add more dancing scenes.
