4	Finally tried Viva Salsa last night and boy am I glad I did. It was hella good and cheap, too!For $5.95 plus tax I got 3 giant steak tacos (which I ate the guts only), chips and salsa and a drink. The bonus is the salsa bar. They have three different mouthwatering salsas to enjoy and also beans! From experience do not even attempt to put the HOT as hell beans in the tiny salsa cups provided. If you are like me you will burn yourself. Be smarter than the beans (and ding dong over here) and put them straight onto your plate. Overall I have to say this is a smokin' deal of a meal in a clean, little nook of the casino. Friendly and fast service, too. I will absolutely be back for more.
4	Viva Salsa was an unexpected find. I was going to go to Cabo for lunch only to find out they weren't open. But Viva Salsa was literally a few steps away. I decided to take my chances...and it was worth it. Large portions, reasonable pricing, no attitude, a simple salsa bar that has salsa with a kick (don't let the size fool ya, what they offer is good stuff!), and fountain drinks that are strong. This is on my short list of places for when I need a Mexican food fix. Service with a smile is always appreciated and I get that here.
4	I have been here a few times, it is located in the Sunset Station Casino, right off the casino floor in probably the center of the casino or thereabouts.The tacos here are awesome, beef or chicken, in a flour or corn tortilla, good flavor and very big.  The salsa bar is awesome as well, the tortilla chips are fresh, when you order your food, watch the staff make the food for you, since you can see the prep tables and grill.  There are only about six tables and a few small two seat tables available, so this place can fill up fast.  I have not tried the burritos yet, but from watching other customers and what they order, they look huge.  For the price, you cannot beat the quality of food, I can't wait to go back again during my next trip.
1	When we walked up the lady was leaning on the counter with gloves on. She took our order and our money still wearing the gloves. Then she took the order an money of the guy behind us. Then without washing her hands or changing the gloves made both orders. When my husband told her he saw this, she got an attitude and said she washed her hands. That's funny, because we watched the entire time. We asked for the manager, he said he would have her remake it, but never told her to wash her hands or change the gloves se was still wearing. We got out money back from the snooty old bag and went to chipotle in the parking lot. Will NEVER return to viva salsa.
3	Quality of food vs cleanliness......oh how tortured is the reviewer!So, I had a $5 Stations food credit and haven't tried the food here yet.   The 2 shrimp taco plate with rice, beans & soda is $5.99.  Not bad.Very good shrimp tacos and beans, the rice was OK. Their salsa bar has many varieties. I noticed some trash on the counter that wasn't removed while I was there. The cooking area could've used a hose down too.The cashier mentioned how busy it had been, so maybe no time to remove straw wrappers that were right in front of the register. My order was to go and the cook/chef presented it to me not to go. She boxed it up, no problem. There was a bug in my soda so I threw it out. Meh.
