3	The Hot Metal Diner is a little diner named for the hot metal on a motorcycle. The owner has set-up her "joint" exactly the way she wants it complete with gobs of attitude. The menu is common for a diner/cafe in the Pittsburgh region. The portions are enormous ensuring that you don't leave hungry. The food is average and priced to match. The inside is open and the "help" is attentive.Stop in if you're bored and want to try a new place.
2	Stopped in for a quick bite.  Nothing fancy.  Nothing special.  What you'd expect when you walk into a diner in Western PA.  Basic menu.  Can't touch the diners in NJ.The owner was great and the waitress was cool  They close fairly early, so don't expect to stop in for a late bite.
3	Got take-out lunch from this diner. Portions are generous, the food is good standard diner fare. Prices seem very reasonable - good place to go if you want some diner food and are in the area.
5	Once upon a time, diners were a staple of the American lifestyle.Hard-nosed waitresses who didn't take anyone's crap would serve you piping hot coffee.  Experts who didn't really look like experts would sling the best tasting food, their processes visible to those sitting in the front of the dining room.  The regulars and the staff knew each other well enough to hold a conversation and trade jokes and barbs with a great sense of humor.The diner was once a palace of comfort.  The food, the people, the atmosphere... everything felt like home when you came in for a simple cup of joe.It's nice to find a haven like this in the modern landscape of franchise wars.Keep your Denny's.  Forget about Bob Evans.  You can even tell Eat n' Park to have Smiley take a powder.Unbeknownst to some, there is a real-deal diner of legend still standing in Pittsburgh, and it only really came into being in 2007.Hot Metal Diner, a rapidly growing establishment of the South Hills area, is a Mecca for the person who misses the days of the tried and true diner. The waitresses have attitude, the coffee is always fresh and hot, and the food is always incredible. This reviewer was disappointed to discover this place so far after its original opening.  If I had known the environment, I would have been eating there since their inception. As it stands, I'm there a minimum of once a week, not disappointed in the least if I spend two lunches straight going there.Everything about this place screams attitude.  From the rules posted at the front door (which you'll want to abide by if you value your life) to the fire-engine red, limited edition, Harley-Davidson on display in their newly completed party room.As far as the food is concerned, the menu offers a bevy of breakfasts and lunches, each more incredibly tasty than the last.Most things on this menu are not for the small of stomach.  You certainly get what you pay for with things like the Mancakes (two pancakes roughly the size of truck rims which hang over the edges of the plate), the breakfast burrito (over a foot long and stuffed three inches high), or even the club sandwich (served on thickly sliced bread so as to make one's mouth unhinge to take a bite).One of the main reasons for the tastiness of the food, particularly to the Pittsburgher's palate, is the exclusive use of some local ingredients.  Hot Metal Diner serves only Uncle Charley's sausage and Mancini's bread products.  These are all put to good use in the hands of their more than capable kitchen who use extra thick slices of bread to craft the French toast and smashing the sausage patties flat enough to fit with some eggs and cheese on the Fatboy breakfast sandwich.  (incidentally, Hot Metal is one of the only places in Pittsburgh who will serve you hot sausage with your breakfast, if you should so choose!)Even if you are a Hot Metal virgin, the waitstaff is known to pull up a chair to your table while taking your order, usually engaging you in some friendly, if not incredibly sarcastic and cynical, conversation.  This place has personality, unlike the sterile chain restaurant environments which have become the standard.The personality of Hot Metal Diner is as much a factor as is the food.  From the first time I went in, I felt like I knew the entire staff. They are as comfortable around their customers as they are their family.  It's this warm (if not sometimes chidingly hostile) environment that makes this place a true reincarnation of diners passed.The food, the people, the place... everything is incredible at Hot Metal Diner.  Going here once just isn't enough and soon you'll find yourself bringing friends along to indulge in the diner's incredible food and entertaining people.I highly recommend Hot Metal to anyone looking for a good breakfast, a good cup of coffee, and a whole lot of attitude.
2	The price is high for diner food in Southwestern PA, but the quality isn't any higher, nor are the portions larger.  They're across from the Harley Davidson dealership by Allegheny County Airport.The gimmick of the restaurant would be the "saucy" attitude of the wait staff.  Problem is, I don't enjoy the gimmick; if the staff is jokingly rude but never lets up, and the food is the same quality/portions as other places I'd go, but the prices are slightly higher...Dunno.  My immediate takeaway was "if I was trying to feel younger and bought a Harley for that reason, I imagine this is one of the places I'd wind up eating on a semi-regular basis."2-stars.  There wasn't anything wrong with the food, and I'd probably eat there again if someone asked me to meet them there, if they were really set on it.
4	Yes, "typical" diner food, but isn't that why you go to a diner?!?!  The staff is fun.  Yes, I can see where some people may be put off by the "saucy" attitude, but if you have a sense of humor and are in the mood for a bit of fun along with some quite decent, well prepared food-- go!I had a single (huge) buttermilk pancake (with chocolate chips) and it was tender and very good.  My husband ordered the Hot Metal Mixed Grill (eggs, potatoes, green peppers and onions) and he loved it-- said that it was very flavorful and not at all greasy.  We don't go out to eat very much (I love to cook), and are quite particular about where we do eat, but we plan to return to the Hot Metal Diner soon.
4	First time at the diner and was very pleased with the menu  choices and the food was very good.  Way toooo much but we were warned in advance by  our waitress, who did a great job.  I can't wait to spread the news to all of our friends and family.  I ordered the buritto and it was enough for 3 men and a boy, so my husband is looking forward to breakfast the next few days .
1	Barely average food and lots of barely average food...which you won't finish because it is barely average not because there's so much.  Very disappointed in both the food and the rude staff. Not worth going out of your way.
2	Just ok. Expensive for a diner. Been there about 6 times and that's been awhile. If you like over priced ok diner food then stop but there are a lot better places right down the road.
1	Stay away from this place.  The service, food and atmosphere were terrible.  I sat at the bar for breakfast.  The service: The woman who served my meal (if you want to call it that) spilled my coffee.  While attempting to keep the coffee from spilling, her presumably clean thumb went into my cup... and she didn't apologize. The entire waitstaff was depressed and unfriendly..  I had to ask for OJ 3 times before it was brought to me.  When the OJ was delivered, the waitress made it seem like it was the worst thing anyone has ever asked for.  I think they are proud of their horrible service.  That's the only way I can make sanity out of it.  The food: The toast was plastered with butter and the bacon was served with an extra cup of grease.  I felt nauseous for hours after...The atmosphere: The place was hot and noisy.  I have no idea why it was busy.Update after reading other reviews: it seems the place runs on a "saucy" attitude.  I think it's time to go back to the drawing board...
4	Brought people here while on a business trip in the area.  We all had burgers, fries and pop.  Service was excellent and the restaurant was very clean.  It was nice to get away from the training sessions for a while and have a good old fashioned American burger meal.If I was in the area, I would come back.  Reasonable prices for a decent lunch.
5	Went here after a long night of drinking at the McKeesport marina. The breakfast food is on point, the women working that morning had the most smart assed sense of humors ever and treated our table of 12 drunks as deserved. They forgot the pickle for my one friends food and after he whined about it they brought him a whole jar of pickles and told him to eat them all.....I think he ate half of them. Anyways the food here is light years ahead of Denny's and its a good atmosphere. I see a lot of the Bad reviews here mention "what else do u expect from western pa" so..... They must be from Cleveland or Baltimore.....this isn't a gourmet bistro, it's a breakfast food joint. And i honestly wish I had one like it here in the dc area. -later
1	Probably the worst reuben I've ever eaten.  And way, way over priced.  If you're gimmick is "saucy" attitude that's fine. But that shouldn't mean bad service like having to get up and track down a waitress to get cream for coffee or butter for pancakes.  The service was more lazy than saucy.
3	Nice diner atmosphere; great diner food. Not sure why people have harshed on the place - we had a great breakfast here in the middle of the afternoon, and felt that the staff were friendly and attentive to our needs. Food came out fast, and wasn't the typical grease pit fare. Sure, there's a little extra butter on the toast, but isn't that why you are at a diner and not at home?
1	I was disappointment the moment we walked in. The staff was rude. The music was ridiculously loud! Somehow having to shout at each other doesn't seem breakfast appropriate.  They are ridiculously overpriced, with everything being an add on you have to pay for.  I can't say anything about the food, because we got up and left. After the negative experience with the staff and atmosphere, we didn't think it'd be likely that the food would be worth it.
1	I understand their schtick is to be rude and obnoxious to customers, but that only works if the food backs it up. Unfortunately, the food is mediocre at best. Just your traditional and somewhat generic breakfast/lunch staples. Basically, anyone can make this stuff in the comforts of their own home without the off-putting treatment.
1	Terrible service and mediocre food.  Waited over an hour on a not very busy day for 3 simple meals.   We didn't ask for anything but our waitress could tell we were upset and agreed the kitchen messed up.  She asked the owner to comp one of our meals.   We heard her response which was that she won't @$!#* give away free food just because we waited a little bit.   We won't be back!!!!
3	Really? I can understand some Yelpers who are WAAAAAAY too serious when it comes to food, their food blogs, their desire to be heard. This is a D-I-N-E-R, it doesn't look like a five star, James Beard Award Winning, internationally known dining destination. it doesn't claim to be a restaurant where the pope will dine with other heads of state, it's simply a diner. With that out of the way, the food's okay, I enjoyed a little abuse from a waitress who knows her job, she knows how to treat her customers, and she's working for 2.01 an hour plus tips, give her a break!I was hungry the morning I went in, I was hoping they'd have something I could eat. I had the 5 egg white omelette with tomato, onions and peppers. I asked nicely if she could NOT bring me toast, in it's stead, I asked for an order of the Italian French toast, no butter. My father made Italian French toast for us growing up. His secret was a little almond extract in the batter, and in the maple syrup. Delicious!Back to the Hot Metal Diner, the omelette and French toast arrived. The omelette was just as I expected, tasty, nothing special, just some protein and vegetables for my body. But the French toast was good, I believe I tasted a touch of vanilla. The texture was crispy and chewy, just like dad's. the coffee was good, sort of had that donut shop brand flavor. All in all it was a good breakfast, I got what I expected. A decent meal for a fair price. I wasn't expecting finger bowls, waiters filling my water glass after every sip, or valet parking. It's a diner.
5	This place is great!  All of the food is good and it's a unique experience.  Grab your own menu, seat yourself, the people are friendly, it's clean, and today they even have a breakfast DJ!  I love it.
4	I consider myself a asshole so this place just feels right too me.  its got that trucker vibe going on inside, good food good coffee and interesting people who work there.  dont be surprised if you waiter keeps it a little to real.  like I said its like a truckers dinner so expect a little attitude from the waitress.
1	Lunch comes with chips. I was called cheap for not ordering fries. I do not think this is how a customer should be treated. The food wasn't memorable either. I won't be back.
5	This is the best diner that I have ever eaten at!  They don't skimp on quality or quantity of food. My husbAnd had the BLT and unlike most restaurants, the focus was on the "B"-BACON. It is thick cut and a generous amount. I had the Hog which is eggs, bacon, specially seasoned potatoes, and toast. One if the things Pittsburgers lover is Italian bread. So Hot Metal's toast is thick sliced Italian bread. You need that type of toast to stand up against the rest of the food on the plate. All of the food is fresh. You can't go wrong. The wait staff knows their stuff. Most of them have been at this for years. They joke around but with a straight face so it leaves you wondering if they were actually joking. The owner Mary is a character. You might find her asking you to dance or see her driving a remote control car or robot to entertain small children. Just remember to bring cash!
5	This place is great. Food is great and big portions that you probably cant finish. And the staff is hilarious singing and joking around with you I have to start going here more.
4	I LOVE the Hot Metal Diner. My husband and I usually go on Sunday mornings when we're feeling extra hungry. They have so many delicious breakfast options on their menu. Yes, it does seem a little more expensive than typical "diner prices", but for all the food you are getting, and for how good it is, I believe its totally worth it.Depending on how busy they are you may have to wait a little bit to put your order in/receive your food...but don't get anxious. It'll all be worth it once the food comes out! My favorite thing to order is "Wendy's Favorite", which includes eggs done how you want, sausage, bacon and a pancake. (The pancakes are enormous by the way). I like the combination of sweet and savory. But they have options for everyone! My husband is especially fond of the French toast made with Mancini's bread.I've not yet tried any of their lunch options, but I definitely want to try them! The breakfast menu is just so great it's very hard to stray from even if you're there at lunch time!
1	How about catching up with the times?!?! If you aren't going to accept credit cards, have your ATM work. It blows my mind that in 2014 there is a business out there that doesn't accept plastic.
5	We just finished a fabulous breakfast at Hot Metal Cafe. Food is hot with plentiful portions. Servers are cool. They tell you like it is. Have a little fun and see the humor. The place if clean and friendly. I highly recommend.
