5	Some people may know Chef Marc as the original owner of Marc's World Cuisine (which was incredible while he ran it). And as a partner of Mezzo on Craig and Rancho which is also very good! However, Parma is AMAZING! My mom and I stopped in one evening during his soft open after hearing that he had opened his own restaurant from one of the servers at Mezzo. The concept is great. He has included a small market along with a deli which you can order and take home a number of items from sandwiches to sauce, imported meats and cheeses. All of exceptional quality. Chef Marc as well as his staff are always wonderful at table-side conversation as well as helping with any suggestions such as wine pairings or entree's. His fresh pasta and sausage are incredible. If you haven't tried it out yet PLEASE DO!!!!!
5	This place is tucked away in a little strip mall and the windows are covered with black curtins.  We walked in and was a bit confused but was quickly noticed by the wonderful staff inviting us in to sit down anywhere we wanted.  We were given the menu and told what pastas were just made fresh.  The price is a bit expensive but the food was absolutely delicious.  Now I want fresh pasta everywhere we go. Great service and great food.
5	As big fans of Marc's restaurant, we were totally bummed when it was sold/closed.  However, we soon saw that Parma was opening in the little strip mall near Trader Joe's.  Anticipating its opening, we stopped in immediately after opening.  First, you are always greeted by a member of the staff, often Chef Marc; and if what you want is not on the menu, or you're in the mood to try something new, Marc will prepare it for you.  Further, this is THE only place I've been to in Vegas where you can get great fresh pasta, sauces, cheeses and tastycakes, an East Coast delicacy that everyone should try.  (I think Krimpets alone got me through my grade school lunch trading days).  The environment is casual - I've enjoyed sandwiches to-go, take-out dinner, sit down lunch, a glass of wine in the comfy sofa area as well as a nice, long dinner with a great bottle of wine.  Just a great place to sit down and have a meal.  In addition, the staff is incredibly knowledgeable about the menu, the wine list, etc.  Our waiter was quick to suggest an alternate wine (which was a hit) and was friendly, informative, fun without being intrusive.  Alas, the pasta is always fresh, and innovative twists on old favorites (for me, it's any combination of fresh tomato and mozzarella) make Marc's a MUST for any Italian food fan or displaced east coaster yearning for a fresh pasta dish.Love this place.
5	Great little place right off of Buffalo near Washington. I walked in thinking it was another sandwich place and was surprised it was also nice sit down restaurant and they sold deli meats and a small assortment of Italian groceries.There's a lounge area in the middle with couches and coffee tables if you want a more casual meal but there are tables on the side if you prefer the traditional sit-down meal.I had a really good italian sub to-go once before then came back for a sit-down dinner. We had some house chianti and then a portabello and spinach appetizer that came in a creamy mushroon sauce. Then for the main course we got the veal saltimbuco served with a side of really really good rigatoni...really good. Both were equally awesome and the crusty bread was great for dipping in both sauces.Great service and great food
5	Yummy!!!!Great atmosphere, waitstaff is excellent and the food is amazing!!  Fresh pasta (you can even go peek in the back and watch them make it!) and baked goods.  They're very relaxed and it's the place to go if you're looking to have a nice layed back dining experience.  We've been there several times and have never felt rushed....that's something in Vegas.  Their cannoli are outstanding and a must have!  Oh and if they have their lemon cake, it's another MUST HAVE.
5	This is some of the best Italian food I've ever had.  It's very authentic, and Chef Marc himself usually comes to each table to greet people and to ask how everything is.  He chit chats, and was even nice to our 1 1/2 year old!  He offered to make something special for him if we wanted.  I had the spinach lasagna and was simply overwhelmed at how good it was.  My husband had the chicken parm, and couldn't have been happier. We also went there and got take out for dinner last night.  It was great!
5	I cannot say enough good things about this place!  I went there the first time because I had a gift certificate and was blown away by the food.  I had the Campania and Pamela had the chef put some prosciutto on it.  I was addicted after that.  The bread is sooo good, and the cakes are out of this world.  They have fresh pasta and sauces that are outstanding as well.  Pamela always has yet to steer me wrong with her suggestions.  She is so friendly and never makes me feel rushed or pressured.   The food is great, and I go as often as I can.  It is worth it for the bread alone (less than 3.00 for a loaf!).
5	Excellent food, sauce with flavor, but not overpowering to the pasta.  Wait staff was friendly and attentive.  Caesar salad made with real ingredients.   A great place to go away from the noise and crowds of the strip.
5	Delicious, fresh and authentic Italian cuisine. Great wine selection, killer service - and the food! The food was soooo good! I loved the deli infused atmosphere; casual dining, elegantly comfortable.Chef Marc will say hello too, which adds to the special touch of this great little gem of a restaurant in Las Vegas.My sister and brother-in-law brought me here when I visited them in Vegas, they are local foodies... And have great taste!BUY LOCAL
5	By far and large one of the best surprises I've had in a long time. Fantastic Italian food, a superb atmosphere which feels more like going to a friend's kitchen, and most excellent service. The gnocchi w/Sunday sauce, the lasagna, and the carbonara were incredible and all authentic. The pastas were all freshly made in house and were also fantastic. We finished our extraordinary meal with freshly made cannolis (the shells and the stuffing were made in-house), tiramisu (very light as it should be and with a hint of Marsala), and espresso - all of which continued to prove this place is a phenomenal find. The server had decent knowledge of wine pairings and was spot on with service in all aspects.The bottom line about the place is if you're in Vegas, even if on vacation, this place is worth the drive and the time to find as it is by far and large a more pleasant experience than the overpriced and overhyped restaurants on the strip.
4	This quirky gem of a deli / restaurant was on our food radar thanks to Yelp reviewers.  Food superb, service stellar, ambiance....well, interesting.  As is the owner, Chef Marc, who on our first visit (for takeout) was not in the kitchen but  holding court in "sofa lounge" section of the space, enjoying beverages  with a couple of lovely young ladies who seemed entertained by his every word.  On our second visit (for dinner) the next day, we were disappointed to learn the Chef was not in the house as we had called ahead of making our reservations specifically for a night Chef Marc was scheduled in the kitchen as we had heard about his personal talents. But he was indisposed at home we were told as we were seated and asked if he was cooking.  Our disappointment faded quickly as we found dinner did not suffer without him present; the food was delectable and the service top notch.BOTTOM LINE:  This is on our "go back" list when we're in Las Vegas. Were it in our hometown, we'd be regulars. Seemed like mostly locals on  both nights we visited.  Sometime we'd love to come back with a group and reserve the Chef's table for off the menu Italian food experience. NW VEGAS  OFF STRIP LOCATION: About fifteen minutes drive off the LV strip in the unlikely location of a mall that is also home to KMart and Trader Joe's..  Cost of round trip cab fare added to the dinner tab may make this destination outside the bounds for those staying on the strip without their own transportation.  But if you have a car go to Parma!FABULOUS FOOD: Full service restaurant serving lunch and dinner and take out Italian deli combined here.( Dinner service starts at 5p.)   We enjoyed......antipasto for two. Thanks to others who recommended this and encouraged us to order it.  A generous mix of salumi along with cheeses and olives on a bed of perfectly dressed  fresh salad greens, it may be the best of the kind we have ever eaten....spaghetti carbonara.  One of our favorite pastas but an act of faith to order in a restaurant as it requires the pasta and eggs to be combined just right to get a silky sauce and not raw egg.  This was perfect, wonderfully flavored with pancetta  and just the right amount of cracked black pepper and cheese  enhanced by the addition of peas, it arrived at our table piping hot.  ...egglplant parmesan.  An absolutely delicious rendition of a classic, this one was not breaded, it was perfectly seasoned, cooked to the right consistency and sweetness with good red sauce and a generous amount of melted mozzarella.  We finished by sharing a slice of the yummy rum cake and very good coffee.  (Side note...take out cannoli on another day, filled as we waited on them as good cannoli should be, were outstanding!)GOOD WINE:  The wine list was surprisingly broad for such a small place and thoughtfully composed.  We ended up ordering by the glass for four glasses total in combo of prosecco to start followed by Nero d'Avola and Primitivo.GREAT VALUE:  Total bill for this meal was about $80.   It could easily have fed three people and we had leftovers to bring back with us to the LV condo where we were staying. STELLAR SERVICE:  We had the good fortune to have Christian be our server.  We noted he also was attending to the customers who arrived for take out (and the take out business was brisk) and in general seemed to keep things humming with the kitchen and other wait staff.  Christian made all customers feel most welcome, and he made service seem effortless.  As with the table next to us, a couple of regulars who had special requests that we might most charitably say were difficult, and Christian made it seem simple.  If you are a restaurant owner, an employee like this is worth his weight in gold.  QUIRKY AMBIANCE:  Great aromas as you enter.  Wonderful "fit" selection of Italian music or popular tunes by Italian American recording artists on the sound system.  (Frankie, Dino, Como...)  Eclectic  "vibe" with dining tables around the perimeter and an odd arrangement of coffee tables and sofas in the middle of the room.  We guess Chef Marc fancies this a lounge.  But this furniture provided a sense of obstacle course to get to the deli / take out counter.   For our two bits, it would be best to do a little space planning and  have a clear and inviting path for all customers to get to the incredible deli.ACCESSIBILITY ISSUES:  Tight spacing of furniture would make wheelchair access difficult, it seems to me.  Also, while the loo was accessible in design, it seems it would be impossible for a wheelchair user to get through the aisles to get there.  Easy barriers for the owner to remove with furniture rearrangement.
5	I have to come back another day or maybe during dinner, to give a better opinion on the food. I had spaghetti bolonaise - a very traditional preparation of it, with carrots and peas in the sauce. Very homespun Italian. It was great but the portion could have been a titch bigger for eleven bucks. (This was lunch, I have no idea about the dinner.)I would give this four stars, because it was good but did not rock my world. However, the customer service here is great. They really went out of their way - and I generally think that what Las Vegas dining truly excels at is good customer service. So to top that expectation at a local joint is really, truly five stars worth. Glad I went, will go back and try other offerings to give a better review of the food.
2	Sometimes I wonder about Yelp reviewers.I say that because the reviews for this restaurant are almost unanimously excellent. But that's just not the reality.It's not that the food is bad. It's not bad at all. It's just not outstanding. There's nothing amazing about this place. It's small and cramped and the menu is miniscule,In fact, everything about Parma Pastavino is small, except the prices. My linguine frutti de mare was fine; with fresh clams, mussels, calamari and shrimp...but for $28? Hello?(By the way: if you check the online menu, the prices are about 35% higher when you get to the actual restaurant:...nice bait and switch Chef Marc!)Those kind of prices are comparable to Ferraro's...but there it's actually worth it, being a more beautiful and informed restaurant.And another of my pet peeves: how can any self-respecting restaurant not invest in a reverse osmosis water filtration system for their tap  water. Everyone knows that vegas water is some of the worst in the nation! And I'm not just talking about the water in your glass...don't forget that they use the same water to cook the pasta, rice and anything else that's boiled.
3	The food seems to be going downhill a bit. The service has always been spotty. It was one of the best Italian sandwhiches I've ever had, but a recent one just wasn't up to par. Misplaced orders, wrong food brought. But most of all, the casual deli atmosphere is not a match to the prices on the dinner menu, nor is it much of a nice environment for dinner.
2	Heard about this place and thought I'd give it a shot. Upon pulling up to the restaurant it looked kinda cheap like a Fazzoli's but as soon as I walked in, the atmosphere quickly changed my mind. It was a deli with a sense of an intimate ambiance, kind of a contradiction but that's what I was feeling. Nice lounge in the middle with tables set up on the sides and deli meat and fresh pasta at the counter.The service was a 10. I believe I was approached, seated and served by a Pamela. She seemed to be one of the only ones working but let me tell you she sure worked that room and did what she could. I could only go for lunch and had that spaghetti Bolognese which was amazing, right amount of pasta to meat, with the pasta achieving that perfect al dente touch. Also had the chopped salad that had red vinegar dressing, tomatoes, salami, blue cheese, and some other items and I have to say that tasted very fresh. My only complaint was the meatball sub. I heard it was supposed to be the best there but when I received it, it was cold and I don't mean sitting at pickup for 30 minutes luke warm cold or cold like they had just pulled out of the refrigerator cold. But more like I made it this morning and 4 hours later here you have it cold. Kinda weird because the pasta was hot and we got there at 11 and the place opens at 10 (so how old was this sub?) Ah well, outside of the meatball sub, this place was an unexpected pleasant surprise and I will be back.2nd visitCame back because they initially had good service and I thought I'd give them a chance to make up for that cold meatball sub. Well, somehow they managed to go from on the verge of being great to now being subpar. We didn't get the charm of Pamela, this time our order was taken by a bald guy who wrote down the wrong order and then made our 2nd order to go even though the first order was for here and on plates. (But hey I guess things happen so whatever.) This time we ordered the carbonara and this lasagna type dish with sausage and red sauce that was good at first bite but after the next several I felt like I had greasy tomato soup. It was moderately busy in there so I understand what it's like when restaurants are at full capacity but it wasn't even close. Ah well, I think two times is enough for me and it's on to the next Italian spot.
5	Food us always fresh and quality is amazing. Very homey setting with couches.
5	If you are in Vegas and 've got tired of noise of the Strip, take a 12 min. ride to Chef Marc's Parma. It is great place for lunch or dinner(better make a reservation). Unique, fresh, lovely...
5	I love the atmosphere of this place. Its not quite a full restaurant, nor just a deli, but rather an intimate spot to have a quick lunch or casual dinner. Im a huge fan of their fresh pasta selection as well as their deli choices. Their Italian market is also a key factor with my liking of this place. Its not overly abundant with products, but it seems to have enough to cover your needs if you're in need of traditional italian products.The food here is great too. I cant compliment the meat lasagna enough. Delicious! The various other meals I've had have been good too for the price. Service is wonderful, food is great, and prices are fair.
4	Found this place on Yelp and it had good reviews. The place lived up to the good ratings. Food was great, people there were really friendly. Cool place with great food. I am in town for work and my colleagues and I all thought that it was excellent and will be heading back soon!
5	Went here while on a business trip with colleagues including Chad B. who also reviewed our visit. The food was outstanding and the service friendly. Much better than I expected considering this place is located in a strip mall. This is a great place for lunch or casual dinner. I liked the couches and coffee tables in the center. The portions were generous and served hot. The pasta as well as the other ingredients seemed very fresh and well prepared. Highly recommended!
5	Whenever I'm recommending this restaurant to people I know, I speak highly of it, about how they make all of their ingredients in house with the exception of their bread, how you can order things off the menu if they have the ingredients...I talk this place up quite a bit.  Throughout my visits I've had the chance to try the antipasto salad, the Parma sandwich, the fried meatballs, spinach manicotti, and a salmon dish special they had one night.  Out of all of these the manicotti stands out as being my favorite dish, though I'm thinking you really can't go wrong with any of the food.  But seriously, try the manicotti.  All the ingredients are crafted together to create these tasty dishes, so be sure to enjoy their garlic bread while they prepare your meal.On all my visits, with the exception of one, the service has been excellent.  They are attentive and have absolutely no problem going through the menu with you item by item.  On almost every visit, at least one of my friends was unsure of what to get.  The server then goes into interview mode and asks what the person likes and dislikes, leading to a satisfying dish selection.  As for the one exception for excellent service: During one of my last visits, I spoke with Chef Marc and told him how I recommend this place to anyone seeking Italian, and complimented him on his staff's attention to customers and quality of food.  That very night, my order was botched.  I had ordred their salmon dinner special for the night, but somehow the waiter thought I ordered the veal parmesan.  My dinner wasn't exactly ruined, but it did dampen my spirits when the rest of my friends were 3/4 of the way through their dinner by the time my food got to me.Now I have been back since that little incident, and I haven't had experienced any hiccups in service since then.  Parma joins my list of Repeat Eats; I'll dine here anytime I'm invited.
4	I love Italian food, period! Well, I've been keep coming back to this cozy place now and then (even though it's not on my side of town). I always had a great experience! The chef, Marc, he usually comes to each table and explains special of the day. The severs are very polite & friendly. The other night, I wanted to try something light food, so I've shared the 'Antipasto Salad' & 'Potato Gnocchi with Bolognese sauce' with my friend. I enjoyed tasting the artichoke hearts & sliced salami which were lightly covered with red wine vinaigrette dressing. Also, lots of chunky vegetables, pork, & beef gave me a tons of flavor to the potato Gnocchi. The potato gnocchi wasn't overly cooked at all. The texture was just perfect :) And I had some warm fresh garlic breads, too ;) This time, I tried the bottle of 'Espresso Manhattan Coffee Soda' as a dessert drink which was a bubbly iced coffee drink that I never tried before.. It was alright, though.. ***My favorite dishes so far~~Antipasto Salad, Rigatoni with Vodka cream sauce, Fried Meatballs, Rum cake, Cannoli, & Fresh brewed Italian Coffee*** I think it's a great place to have a casual dinner with loved ones & have a sweet conversation...or good for a small group of people gathering :p
5	My family loves Chef Marc.  He had a restaurant on Tenaya & W Lake Mead Blvd that closed a couple of years ago.  We didn't realize he opened a place on Buffalo & Washington....as soon as I heard that he did, I took the Better Half to dinner here.We were pleasantly surprised to be greeted by Chef Marc himself at the door.  The place was packed and he offered to have us dine at the sofas in the middle of the restaurant.....we politely declined as we prefer a regular table.  We told him we'd prefer to have a glass of wine while we waited for our table.....we're patient.  My Wife told him that we came here to have his Portobello Mushroom & Organic Spinach appetizer (one of our favorites from the old joint)....he said he'd check to see if he could make it.While we waited, we had a glass of Sangiovese wine....it was pretty good....don't remember any other piece of info as it was suggested by Chef Marc and we ordered based on his recommendation.After a 10 minute wait, we were seated....not too bad for not having reservations.  While I perused the menu, I noticed that the Portobello Mushroom appetizer wasn't on there....I wondered if we would get it.  I ordered a Bufalo Mozzarella Caprese Salad to start with Sweet Potato Gnocchi w/Gorgonzola Cream Sauce for an entree.....the Better Half ordered the Escargot Appetizer for her meal counting on the Portobello Mushroom Appetizer to show up.We were pleasantly surprised to see the Portobello Mushroom Appetizer show up.....it was one of our favorite dishes from his old joint and here it was!  It was just as good as we remembered!  The sauce was rich and creamy and the Organic Spinach was fresh and went well with the entire dish.  A few minutes later the Bufalo Caprese Salad arrived....it was a large portion that could have easily been split between 2 people.  The Mozzarella & Tomatoes were fresh and it was A-1 Grade Goodness!For a second glass of wine we ordered a glass of Zinfandel...don't remember the vintage or vineyard.The entrees showed up and I was eager to try the Gnocchi.....it didn't disappoint!  The sweet flavor of the Sweet Potato went perfectly with the Gorgonzola Cream Sauce....I was in Heaven!  Wifey enjoyed her Escargot.....we couldn't believe it was only $9!Overall, we had an awesome time.Will I return?  Hells Ya!
5	What a find on the SE corner of Washington and Buffalo.  We live in the neighborhood and are always trying to find great restaurants off strip.  This Italian can beat most of the big names downtown.  Chef Marc comes over to the table to describe his specials.  He had been to the farmers market the day we went so lots of local fresh produce on the menu.  Fresh pastas are light and wonderful and he is accommodating if you want to order off menu.  My daughter wanted pasta with red sauce and shrimp and he gladly brought a beautiful dish that was full of flavor.  My husband had the fresh caught halibut that was so fresh it was not on the menu.  I had the thin breaded veal with a salad on top with aged balsamic vinegar.  Other specials sounded great and next time I will be sure to bring a large crowd to share.   Service was excellent. A good bottle of wine was recommended as well.  The rum cake was great - not too sweet.  This Italian restaurant is on top of our favorites list and we will be going back over and over again.
2	Dear Pastavino, Chef Marc, and staff:Why did you screw me? I walked out of your restaurant feeling dirty, ashamed, and ultimately screwed.5-star reviews left and right, family members telling me it is impeccable, chitter-chatter of a chef painting a picture of a truly delicious Italian meal...At first I feel happiness fill me as I see the cutest little lounge and a chalk board menu boasting fresh pasta to go. +1 point "This place looks promising," I say to myself, not knowing the horrors of sketchy service that was about to come into place.After I take in the cuteness/warmth of the atmosphere, I realize I don't know what to do next. Okay, there's no one around, I obviously seat myself. I set my things down and realize that this must be a walk up counter type of deal. So I go up to the counter and stare at the menu for some time half-way tying to decided what to eat, and half-way trying to see if I will ever get some service. -1 pointAhh, finally someone walks in from the back, a nice looking gentleman with a lovely accent gives us attention. We ask about the menu a little bit, and then I ask a question, a question that I ask often to servers who seem to be up for it. " What do you like/suggest."He then goes on to describe a sandwich flaring; his arms in a fashion that seems to have been rehearsed in the past.He describes a well seasoned chicken breast with fresh lettuce, tomato, and onion with a spread of mayonnaise. And as I'm typing this, I'm wondering how in the world he made it sound soo much better than it really is. I think it was the accent. "Tomahto."Ok, I say, I'll take it for here."OHH for here?! Well take a seat, we'll bring the food and some drinks!"As it begins to come out, in the hands of a young girl, I see her stop and ask an older woman, "What is this??"The older woman snatched the basket from her and brought it to our table. -1 pointAlthough the woman did that in front of us, and all of the employees seemed to play-fight, all of the employees whom we came across were friendly, funny, and sweet towards us. I actually liked the feel of the employees playing around and being joyful in front of the customers, it felt like we were in their home, and part of the family. 1 pointBack to the sandwich: "The San Fransisco" It was just as I described earlier: Chicken Parmesan, chopped romaine, chopped tomatoes, chopped onion on a baguette with some plain ol' mayo. This sandwich did not come off as anything special, at all. I had to remind myself that I was eating in an Italian restaurant, because the sandwich was defiantly not letting me know. - 1 point.Oh well, this "special" sandwich that the gentleman offered is not on the menu, hmm I wonder why.While eating I hear the same gentleman tell the cook to make two more. And as he's calling out the second one, I heard someone ask, "Why are you selling so many?"What does the man do?Rubs his thumbs against the his other fingers suggesting only one thing: Money.And it's true. The full sandwiches on the menu say they are (rounded) $10.00. Our Sandwich was about $13.00. My friend suggested that he was selling so many because the chicken parmesan could be about to go bad, which is a good possibility. Maybe it was a dinner special the night before, who knows. Or maybe it truly is the servers FAVORITE sandwich, as he mentioned about 4 times while we were trying to eat. - 1 point.Allow me to continue:As I sit around enjoying my lunch break and taking in all the different aspects of the restaurant, I realize...Hey....why is everyone else getting bread with oil & vinegar? Hmm. Maybe they asked for it....oh wait, someone next to us just got it too, and they didn't order it. Does that mean....I'm not good enough to be treated the same as the other customers? Ok. I'm upset. I can get past this though -1 point.After asking and looking over both the lunch menu and the dinner menu from the night before (as the dinner menu changes every night +1 point) We get asked about dessert, in which the selection sounded very fine. +1. Our server names off the list and my fellow diner decides on the ricotta cheesecake.It comes out...hmm.I'm going to make a guess that there isn't a pastry chef in, or someone who knows how to plate a cheesecake, but oh well, once again something tiny that can be looked over.What can not be looked over: The taste of something that will soon be spoiled. Possibly the poor strawberries on my plate. Possibly the cake. But it was hit and miss. Some bites were delicious, while some made me question whether I should be prepared for a night with my head in the toilet. -1 point (more like -100!)In then end I sat staring at my plate, wondering why I had been rejected and screwed by Pastavino. But damn, I can't help but think it was just an off day.Thats the reason for the 2nd star. Because I will give this place a second chance, a dinner. I (and my wallet..and my stomach,) hope I don't get screwed again.
5	You're not going to find an experience like this anywhere in Las Vegas. Anywhere for that matter. I THINK: These people come to work wondering what they can do to make your dinner an 'all out experience.' I've eaten there like 12 times already. Maybe it's because my name is Marc and they just like me more than anyone else in the world? I don't know the reason.Last night I just suggested that I had time on my hands and wanted something unique. They went back and brought me out a taste of something called Chicken Riggies and not only did I order it I fell in love with it. I've traveled the world as a computer officer on cruise ships (Crystal Harmony and Crystal Symphony), been to well over 100 countries and I've eaten in some of the worlds nicest restaurants with some of the best food being on board our ships. Here is my review IF I HAD TO PICK ONE RESTAURANT TO MARRY, HAVE AND TO HOLD FORSAKING ALL OTHERS UNTIL DEATH ---- THIS IS IT!!!
4	My girlfriend and i went here because we read reviews saying how good this food was. However we spent 50 bucks on a 25 dollar meal. We were tired so we did the take out thing and when we got to the hotel we noticed they hadn't put silverware (plastic if you like) in our bag so we had to scramble to find forks. The food wasn't horrible but really wasn't anything to brag about. All in all we didn't enjoy it.I add to this review because they have taken the time to follow up with me. I really do appreciate any place that is willing to follow up and actually listens to their customers.
4	Ever have a place that you wonder why don't I come here more often? That's this place for me. I have only been here a couple times, and I always leave happy. That isn't easy to do for this guy, as I worked in the Italian food industry for many years. I will admit, I have not had the nerve to try the fresh pasta. It isn't a fair game, I have supervised the making of millions of pounds of the stuff, and still make my own at home occasionally. Anyway, I wanted a sandwich today. Just prosciutto di Parma, lettuce, tomato and evoo... The basic things are where the ingredients and handling of those ingredients shine through. Prosciutto trimmed correctly, sliced thin -check, fresh, ripe veggies, -check, quality evoo -check, bread with flavor and the right amount of 'bite' -check. A simple sandwich done very very well.I will be back sooner rather than later..... Ciao!
3	Decisions.Decisions.The Food: 4 starsThe service: 3 stars.Decisions.If only I could do a three and a half star review!As I said in my last review, I decided to try Pastavino again, but for dinner instead. I attended last Saturday night. The atmosphere was better during the evening, it was packed with faces that all looked happy, and I over heard a woman talking about Chef Marc's home cooking, I suppose they know each other. Everyone looked as if they had been dining at the same place every week for years! It was very cozy, and in fact while we were dining some of my family and family friends came in to dine! How funny is that?So, my major problem with this place is the time it takes to get the food out. Every single course took far too long to get to our table, in my opinion.Ps: I got bread this time! Lots of it! I believe, 3 baskets over the course of our time there? No oil and vinegar though, drat :/.Appetizer:Chef Marc came to our table and recommended the Scungilli Salad, and you know what? I do too! It was so, so, so, incredibly refreshing and light. A great way to start!  -$16.00We also ordered the Escargo which, while good, wasn't my favorite way of having it. Oh well. -$9.00Dinner:I enjoyed the Linguini and Clams, while my fellow diners enjoyed the Pork Chop and the Bolognese dinner.BUT before we enjoyed them, we waited. A good amount of time. It seemed a little hectic that night...Chef Marc came and cleared our table and called for his staff to get us new silverware...hmm. Chef, although your wait staff wasn't the best of the bunch that evening, the food was delicious!After dinner we tried the Tirimisu, and the Polenta cake. BUT before we could try it, we waited. Even,longer.AND THEN! We stared at our desserts, as they were placed in front of us at a different table...we looked around wondering if that was ours...but waited some more.and then it came...and it was amazing. I loved the polenta cake so much! I'm dreaming about it right now...Sooo, even though the service was...Eh. I AM a fan of the dinner at Pastavino. Would I go again.....aayyee, yes.And I'm hoping when I go again my review can become a four star or five star one.Until then Pastavino...
5	My mom and I ate at Parma for the first time this evening.  I can't imagine enjoying a meal more than we did.  The service was efficient but not at all overbearing and Chef Marc was in the dining room talking to friends and newcomers alike.  He  brought the dishes to life with his descriptions and gave outstanding recommendations.  I had the butternut squash ravioli with a brown butter sauce which was perfect.  The flavors of the sweet squash, tender homemade pasta and rich toasted sauce came together so nicely.  My mom had the pork chop, which isn't something either of us would usually consider ordering at a restaurant.  It was devine!  The thickest pork chop I've ever seen with a heavenly golden crust, cooked just perfectly.  The sauce was seasoned just right for her (1) with the option of spicing it up on a scale of 1-4.  The atmosphere is relaxed and has a neighborhood feeling, which is tough to come by in Las Vegas.  We appreciate the experience offered by the folks at Parma and will definately be back!
2	Don't like to downgrade... and have to call it like I see 'em.. Went back today and ordered the exact same sandwich. This time it wasn't done properly, the prosciutto wasn't trimmed and had several inedible pieces in my sandwich. Hate that!!!!!!!Oh and to top it off they charged me 50% more for it this time. Which wouldn't have been a big deal, they just didn't back it up.
4	I just had my first visit hear with a party of about 25 to celebrate a birthday. Since I didn't pick up the tab, I can't speak about the prices. Bread was very good and the antipasta was outstanding. Rigatoni was 3 stars, meatballs 4, spicy sausage 5, chicken piccata 4, tray of deserts 4 Enjoyable evening, very good food, and a nice relaxed unhurried atmosphere.
5	Amazing!  Our first time but  wont be the last. The food was fabulous, ambiance inviting, and the service was wonderful.  Went there for a bday dinner. We were immediately greeted and seated.  The wait staff was friendly, helpful, and attentive.  Chef marc came to our table 3 or 4 times to help us decide and check up on us. We had the antipasto for two which had amazing sliced meats and cheeses. For the app we had the mussels farro, it blew me away I couldn't stop eating it and would gladly order it as my main course in the future.  For mains we had the filet migon saltembuco and the lobster ravioli. The filet was  amazing accompanied with a smokey unbelievable delicious escrole. My lobster rav was homemade and contained large delicious chunks of lobster. It was the best I ever had. To finish I had the mocha-chino, it reminded me of my family and my childhood. Followed by dessert, we had the lemoncello cake it was fabulous one of the most amazing cakes I've ever had. The slice was huge but still I wanted to take the whole cake home. It will be a cake I compare future cakes to. I recommend you try this place for yourself
4	As I said, I call them like I see 'em.. Went back after being out of town a lot lately.. Had a craving for my fave prosciutto di Parm sandwich.. And it's a home run again!!!
5	This is by far my favorite date night spot with my guy!  Just a few thoughts:~Never in my life have I had the owner/chef come to the table multiple times throughout the meal to check on things (he's involved with every aspect of the restaurant)!!!~The food is beyond EXCEPTIONAL!  I am without words every time I eat there!~My suggestion is to be BRAVE.......choose the CHEF'S TABLE!  That means you allow Chef Marc to serve you a 4 course meal of his choice.  Odd, maybe............but always, ALWAYS I am with out words!  The menu is constantly evolving.......so refreshing!=)~RUM CAKE........off the charts! Nuff said!~Servers are always polite and knowledgeable! I'm always say that I leave Parma as "fat and happy"!  No complaints from me!
5	OMG  The BEST ITALIAN FOOD IN VEGAS!!!!!!Take it from me I'm 100% Italian & Marc's food is better than my Nona's!!! I would never think of eating anyones Sauce or Meatballs other than mine but now I would rather have have Marc's!!!!  If you are looking for real good Italian food look no further!!!Michele Rappa
5	Words cannot describe how truly majestic the food here is.  The most wonderful flavors and textures I have ever experienced.  This isn't only my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas, but my favorite restaurant of all time.  Chef Marc, is to me, a culinary god.  I feel so honored by his humility, because I think he could be a head chef at the worlds most finest restaurants, cooking for the most exclusive clientele.  But instead, he allows common people to experience the finest in food and drink.  Thank you Chef Marc.  I highly recommend the chef's table.   Four courses with or without wine pairings. It is a bit more pricey than most can afford for a casual dinner, but if you want to impress a date, this will truly be a winner.  I took the g/f there for her birthday and it was a life changing experience....  No really....  Life changing!  Chef Marc creates a custom four course meal just for you.  Our custom menu included char grilled octopus with apple, carrot and celery.  At first we though it would be chewy, but it surprisingly was not at all.  It had the texture of a moist piece of chicken breast.  Delicious!!!  Next up was the gnocchi bolognese.  The gnocchi was incredible and the bolognese was amazing.  Our third corse was a dry aged rib eye, done el-chico style.  If I had to choose the final meal of my life, this would be it.  It was as they say in Hawaii, "broke da mouth" good.  Without question, the finest entree I have ever had...  That is no exaggeration.  The final course was a three parter, with rum cake, tiramisu  and cannoli.  I was so full, but I could not stop eating until all the food was gone.  Thanks again Chef Marc.  I would also like to thank our server Tracy. He has always been so exceptionally kind to us whenever we go.  He is the type of server that would bend over backwards just to make sure we have the most enjoyable experience one could have.
5	A friend and I stumbled on this place by accident and were so pleased that we did, it was the perfect place!  We had a wonderful dinner - my butternut squash ravioli was to die for, and the service was superb.  I will definitely return!
5	Went to LV for my birthday and we researched Italian Restaurants in LV on Yelp and found this one.  What a find!  NOT on the Strip (thank God) and well worth the map questing to get there.  Had a nice casual European feel to it.  You can either eat at tables or if you have to wait, they have couches with tables that make it comfy to sip wine while waiting...or you can even eat at the couches!  We had the antipasto platter that was HEAPING...and the bread was fresh...and then my hubby had the linguine w/ red clam sauce...it was decadent!  I had a special of freshly made ravs with a butternut squash filling...yummy.Good food, good service, Great find!
5	Heard wonderful things, read outstanding reviews and enjoyed my meal immensely. The Sunday gravy alone will bring me back. Mine came with cavatelli and meatballs...one of the best meals I can recall. Reasonable prices and choices for wine. I don't think I can stress enough how much I enjoyed eating at Parma. Chef Marc even came out and asked if I had enough! I was full but could easily have eaten another plate ;) Eat here you will thank me.
5	Came here one night long ago looking for cheap deli sandwiches... instead found a small (while rather expensive) gem in the middle of Las Vegas! Have returned many times. Great service, great food, pairs my wine wonderfully every time. Always an intimate romantic treat getting to eat here :)
5	Las Vegas is the only city outside of LA I could think of where you'd find a great restaurant / deli like this next to a soft-serve and a dry cleaner, stuck in a strip mall facade.  But inside it is very well mood-lit and the food is amazing!   The eponymous Chef Marc will come over himself and give you an idea of what's a special menu, and then go back and make it delightful.  Butternut pumpkin squash?  You got it.   Big portions of pasta or fruit de mer?  Yup!   And the service never stopped, which was a good thing here!  I love it.  Someday I'd like to try the mystery table, just to see where he'd go with it.
5	The pasta fagioli was the best I ever had!  It was savory and had great garlic flavor.  The atmosphere is cozy and true italian.  Love it!
4	Chef Marc's is a cozy , and cute place. When you are inside you feel like there is a bustling city street outside instead of a strip mall. The decor inside is intimate and different. There are couches in the middle if you prefer to eat your meal there. The tables are spread around the couch area and the deli is up front. It's not unusual to see cans of Italian ingredients on shelves around you. The restaurant decor has real character and the food is pretty tasty too! My husband and I started off with the House Salad. It had organic greens, ricotta cheese, pieces of pear and balsamic dressing. The ricotta has a light sweet taste to it. This is the best ricotta I've ever tasted was so soft that it was easy to mix it into my salad. The ingredients all complimented one another and tasted fabulous! I ordered the Truffle Mac and Cheese dinner. I've had this dish before at Smith & Wollenskys so I knew the taste I was looking for unfortunately I didn't find it. The Mac and Cheese here is a bit bland. My husband ordered the Parpadelle with Spicy Sausage. It came with thick home made noodles . I tasted some of his dish and it was really good! He finished everything on the plate! We finished with dessert I had the Lemon Cello cake which was huge! I had to take half of it home. It was yummy! My husband had the Rum Cake which he finished too fast that I didn't have time to take a picture of it. I had a small piece and I thought that was also delightful but the portion is small compared to my cake. We enjoyed Cafe Mocha with our dessert which was very relaxing. If you come here make sure you are not short on time. It's best to just relax ,eat and enjoy!
4	A great locally owned Italian restaurant that serves delicious food and wine. Granted, I've only been here because my amazing bosses treat the office to lunches once in a while, so it does lead me to this bias. But their pasta and bread is too good to pass up. I've only been here for lunches, so I don't know how dinner is, but I imagine it's just as good. I've ordered their spaghetti bolognese, baked pasta fazoletti,  spaghetti zucchini di pomodoro, and chicken parmesan sandwich. All were delectable and served on crisp white plates or baskets. Their bread is heavenly, crunchy on the outside and soft in the inside; served with balsamic vinegar and olive oil and viola, scrumptious. Interior decor is dominated with sleek dark wooded floors and tables with a nice lounge accented with white furniture. Service was attentive and friendly. It's a bit out of the way, though. Especially if you live in Henderson or in the south west part of the valley. But if you're planning a trip to the area, you should totally visit and forgo that trip to Olive Garden.
3	This place was hihgly recommended to me so I had to check it out. The service is friendly but sloooooooooooooooow and the food was alright. I had the pasta fagioli but it was decent. Sadly, I prefer the one at the Olive Garden. This place is super casual and chill. If you've got a lot of time, then check this place out.
5	Stopped by on my way home to grab lunch for me and the hubby. I ordered a meatball parm sandwich and the chopped salad. The sandwich was delicious on good bread with their Sunday sauce. The chopped salad was made up of gorgonzola, roasted red peppers and salami...it was yummy.  The staff was very friendly, as always, and even offered me a wine tasting as I waited to pay. Love this place! $20 bucks for a lunch like this is fine by me :) To-Go experiment was a success.
5	The first time I've been reminded of food I had in Italy,Yes, it's a little pricey if you compare it to crappy places, but totally reasonable if you know good food. It's located in the same strip mall at Trader Joe's. The menu is small and pretty basic, but the flavors are fabulous and simple. The dinner menu changes and though I haven't been on a Monday, I hear it's pretty great. Chef Marc cooks all the dishes and it's stuff he's been thinking about all week and stuff he wants to sort of experiment with. I'm always so disgusted and saddened when Las Vegas people vote Olive Garden as best Italian restaurant in the Review Journal. If you are small minded and have never traveled and tried new things, then you probably should stick to Olive Garden. This place is not fancy. It's just a neighborhood gem.
5	This place has the best Italian food in the city! The service is awesome, Chef Marc himself comes out to your table and with great detail, explains the items on the menu. My top recommendations would be the Pork Chop El Chico, the Antipasto salad, minestrone soup (for lunch), and my favorite Linguine Cioppino! You cant go wrong with anything on the menu :)
4	Ehh on service but wow on food
5	I read the reviews ,invited some friends and went  to checkthis place out........What a tremendous experience we had!!!Service was impeccable our server treated us like regulars  she made suggestions and we listened . OMG!! Everything was absolutely fabulous.The wine,apps, entree, desert, it was a wonderful wonderful evening.Thanks for a fun night...we'll be back!!
3	My wife and I went here last night for dinner. It was a dinner of hits and misses.We started out with a loaf of hot, crusty bread brushed with oil and garlic. Yum! This was a hit.We then split the Parma salad. This was a hit and a miss. The salad itself was a hit. It had a nice balance of flavors, colors, and textures. It was composed of artichoke hearts, walnuts, olives, arugula, Parmesan, and a vinaigrette. The miss was that we weren't given a serving utensil so it was hard to dish the salad onto our plates.For our entrees we had the spinach manicotti and the truffle mac and cheese.The spinach manicotti was a definite hit. It was my favorite food of the evening. It was good and cheesy. It was topped with a flavorful yet delicate sauce. My mouth is watering just thinking about it.Unfortunately the truffle mac and cheese was not nearly as good. It was too salty and watery. This was a miss.We decided to finish our meal with homemade chocolate gelato. We asked for one to share. They served it in two small dishes. My wife's portion came out melted and looked more like chocolate pudding. Mine was solid so I gave her some of mine so she could eat (not just drink) some of the gelato. It was decent but a little grainy.I'm a little torn on how many stars to give. The hits were really great but the misses tarnished the overall meal. I think I'll go with 3 stars.
5	Oh my, this place is amazing.  I just got back to work with their Parma sub, and it is so good I had to stop between halves and write this review.The meats are excellent, the spread is superb, and the bread...wow... I will absolutely be returning to this place.
5	Simply excellent. Fresh pasta, hardy well-seasoned sauces--this is everything you want from neighborhood Italian. Easily the best of its kind I've experienced in Vegas.
4	I just moved to Vegas 2 months ago and this place is across the street. I always thought it was just some regular Deli like all the others. I finally went in one day and to my surprise, its a full on italian deli and restaurant. The Parma sandwhich is absolutely delicious. Ive since come back and have had it 4 times. It has so many different meats in it with a balsamic vinaigrette and I just keep coming back for more! The reason im only giving 4 stars is because ive tried some of their pastas. Theyre good but not amazing. If youre in the area, come try this place!
5	Our favorite restaurant!  Chef Marc has a wonderful passion for his art.  The wait staff are all friendly, knowlegable and efficient.  Have never had anything less than a fantastic meal there.
4	I am a sucker for fresh pasta.  A nice hidden gem with excellent lunch options.  Seriously, why would you ever go to Olive Garden or Mac. Grill??We got the NY Meatball Sub -  the bread was so damm good. The meatballs were great size, moist, and full of flavor.  It was smothered in the right amount of Sunday gravy and moz. cheese.  It was fantastic.Next came out the Main Event of our Lunch : The spaghetti bolognese.  I'd been searching for ever for my pasta treat.  I didn't talk at all - i just slurped and up that plate and mopped up any remaining gravy with the bread i had left. I also like overall look of the restaurant.  It has the market/deli feel and can be a casual weekend lunch spot or you can do it up and take your S.O on a nice date for dinner. I'll definitely be back for dinner shortly and report back, but based on my personal lunch experiences and all the reviews here, this place is legit!
5	Killer food ordered Mac and cheese for my boys pretty tasty my wife had chicken picata and it was great even without capers I had fruit of the sea I do not know italion lots of mussels clams and squid and one of the best sauces I have had in Vegas this place is a must try
2	A personal pet peeve of mine is chefs who refer to themeselves as "chef so and so".  Like you're a doctor or something.  Even worse when you name your restaurant after yourself in the same douche fashion.  Lame.Anywho, that could be overcome if your food is great and your restaurant enjoyable.  Chef marc's failed on both counts.  Thickly and heavily sauces gummy pastas and an un-fun room made me wished I'd stayed home and enjoyed superior food.This is THE place for older folks who get off on knowing "the chef", trying to impress friends and dates by having "the chef" come over to their table and pretend like he's their best friend.
4	Service - 8Atmosphere - 7Food - 8Vegetarian Friendly - 8General Awesomeness - 8Wonderful place for a sit down, and an amazing deli counter as well.
4	Sunday Sauce.... Enough said!Oh and try the meatballs...
5	This... is... why... I... eat...My friend told me about this place that had good hand-made pasta. What I found was something else entirely. Everything about the evening was a pleasant surprise. Upon entering, you're greeted with a friendly staff in what appears to be a deli/grocery store. The dining tables are tucked near the side of the restaurant and the main visual is a giant deli-style counter. But unless you're expecting a world-class Michelin Star experience, decor isn't a big deal. Just bring on the food. The wait staff was awesome. They were prompt and gave us some great suggestions on dinner. We're suckers for daily specials and chef recommendations, but you really do need to listen to the folks at Parma. They know what they're talking about. We did a huge family style meal. Some highlights:Portabello mushroom appetizer - Not sure what they call this but it was amazing. Perfectly cooked portabello mushrooms served over greens and a cheesy cream sauce. We used the bread to mop up all of the leftover sauce when the portabello was gone. Next time I'm going to ask if they can put this sauce over some pasta.Antipasto - Great variety of deli meats, cheeses, and greens. Fresh is the running theme for the night. The quality of the vegetables is evident in all the dishes.Mozzarella appetizer - Remember what I said about the vegetables?When you take a bite into the cheese, tomatoes, and spinach, your focus isn't on the mozzarella, it's on the veggies. It's fresh, crisp, and full of flavor. The mozzarella's almost an afterthought.Chicken Marsala - I'm usually not a fan of the Chicken Marsala. Maybe it's because I've eaten it too much. Maybe it's because I worked at Cheesecake Factory in college and I had to smell Chicken Marsala every... single... night. Needless to say, I wasn't especially looking forward to Chicken Marsala. I don't hate it, but I usually don't order it willingly. When I took a bite out of the Parma Chicken Marsala, I was blown away. It's unlike any other. Most other restaurants will cook away the Marsala wine completely. Chef Marc decided to leave a bit of the wine in and it totally makes the dish. The leftover alcohol lingers on the tongue. Totally unexpected. I'm hoping that's by design and not a mistake.Frutti de Mar - A little on the pricey side but it's definitely delicious. Big pieces of shrimp, clams, and scallops are nestled in a bed of linguini. I was looking for a bit of seafood flavor in the sauce and it was definitely there at the end. I think we saved the dishwasher some work. There was nothing left our plates when we were done.Nice little surprises were spread out over the night. A fresh batch of some grated exotic cheese one moment. A complimentary serving of prosciutto the next. Jason really took care of us.Parma's not cheap. If you expect Olive Garden prices, you should go to Olive Garden and get the all-you-can-eat pasta and breadsticks for  $7.99. Do you get a good value for your dining dollar at Parma? Oh yah. Pass the bread, please.
5	Just a note to start before reading this review:  Read RIchard C's review for the male perspective.  Read mine for the bubbly girl perspective.This is an Italian gem of a restaurant in Vegas.  It's like finding your perfect other half and wondering where they've been all my life?  I felt the same with Chef Marc's Pastavino Deli.  I'm a Las Vegas native.  Where have you been all my life?!  What brought us here was a recommendation by a friend of its fresh pastas.  I was looking forward to just that.  Chef Marc's dishes lit up my senses from amazing flavors to textures and followed through from beginning to end.  The ambiance is cute, romantic, homely (in a good way) with a touch of hole in the wall feel.  The service was impeccable.  Everyone on staff was super warm and friendly.  The whole experience almost felt like eating at an Italian mama's home kitchen.  Oh yes, do listen to your server's recommendation because our server Jason was on point with the recommendations.The breakdown:- Complimentary Fresh Garlic Bread - Warm.  Toasty.  Chewy.  Crusty with tasty aroma of garlic and parm on top.- Portabello mushroom appetizer (Strongly recommended by Jason) - This was everyone's favorite of the evening.  Warm sauteed strips of portabello mushrooms in a creamy sauce served over a bed of baby spinach.  Don't neglect the leftover sauce.  Mop it up with the wonderful perfectly crusty garlic bread.- Antipasto - Yummy cured meets tossed in with a variety of exotic cheeses, olives and greens.  Can't beat it.- Caprese Salad Appetizer - The tomatoes were juicy.  The large leaves of basil for fragrant and the fresh mozzarella perfectly chewy and gooey.- Chicken Marsala - This was the sleeper hit.  Usually not too impressed by chicken marsala, but this was a bite in heaven.  The slight essence of barely cooked of wine took everyone by surprise in a very good way.- Orcchiette with Meatball - the fun ear like pasta wheels were perfectly al dente, chewy and bouncy swimming around in thick red sauce with a huge meatball.  This was a touch on the salty side for me, but the texture of the orchiette itself won handsdown.- Agnoletti - This was another big winner!  Tubes of fresh pasta filled with savory beef/lamb mixture with a rich creamy white sauce.  Stick to your ribs good!  Again, don't forget to mop up the sauce with bread.- Frutti de Mar - This was our last dish, filled with seafood goodies from clams to calamari to scallops.  The spagetti was of course cooked well and the sauce mopped up to the last drop.Bonuses:  Extra exotic cheeses.  Sliced uber tasty prosciutto on the house!  Having a birthday boy on hand, they gave us some a bit of tart and sweet limoncello to toast!  Conclusion:  It's is a FIVER (star) all the way.  I thought about bringing the rating down one star for being a touch too salty on some items, but the overall experience was too fantastic.  We left bellies full, wallets a little more empty and happily rolled our way home.
4	I've passed this place for a couple of years, on my way home and never stopped. The other day for lunch I went in an it reminded me of a NYC Italian deli and I thought I'd give their Italian sub a try...I know, I didn't try the home made pasta or anything else...but I'm an old guy and attended way too many restaurants -- So, I can pretty much tell how I'm going to like a place from a single dish. Here's the short of it: I'm going back for lunch regularly -- and will not only try it for dinner, but attended regularly for the same thing. The sub was the best I've had in years, or maybe that I can remember. The employees were great and remarkably friendly, even for a restaurant. The menu looks spectacular -- and now I'm kicking myself for not trying it sooner.As to the four stars rather than five. Well, I'm not sure of five, but if dinner's as great as sub (I know, I know..."it's a bloody sub, not a meal," but you can tell)...I'll up to the ranks of my favorite restaurant here in Las Vegas, which I won't mention here so as not to dilute the attention to this.All of that said: Go there, go there, go there -- I want this place to stay in business and succeed so I can continue to get great subs...and probably great dinners.Oh, as to the survey: I don't think any restaurant other than fast food, that silly pizza place and those like it is great for kids, well young kids anyway as they're usually noisy and diminish the meal and the "experience." Yes, I've got two kids -- both grown and both raised in the East -- they knew at a very young age how to behave in restaurants.As for Wi Fi - leave your computers at home -- you don't have to be that well connected -- No one's that important
2	We arrived at lunch time around 12pm on a Saturday.  They ran out of their key items being lasagna and spinach manicotti.  Our dishes were burned and needed flavor.  I was really pulling for this place I really was.  Atmosphere   7Service   5Food   214 points out of 30 for a 46%
5	Love this place! I've been twice for lunch and once take out and have had a wonderful experience every time. It really is a neighborhood Italian deli with the upscale service expected from fine dinning. Pamela and Kelly are always so nice and welcoming. The warm caring heart along with the large very comfortable couches and coffee tables really make me feel like I'm at my families house. It's a great place for good conversation. But past the atmosphere and on to the food... it's just as wonderful. Love the Parma sandwich and the Hot Sliced Beef sandwich (forgot the name) with pepperoncinis and melted provolone? cheese fill my craving for the perfect sandwich every time. And then to top it off... Kelly makes the best cannolis in town!I can't wait to come back and try the dinner menu out!
3	A solid 3-star performance. Overall very good food: freshly made pasta and yummy garlic bread. However, a bit of an identity crisis as they certainly charge a premium: $18 for a plate of Parpadelle pasta for eating essentially inside a convenience store. Also their food was consistently on the salty side.
5	I'd heard from a friend that this place was "pretty good" with "decent" food and an "okay" wine list.  I met a client there and was blown away.  The service was amazing; Pam made this Sicilian girl feel like she was with family, even creating a dish for us that wasn't on the menu. The pasta dish I ordered off the menu was amazing - fresh thin spaghetti, sauteed zucchini and red sauce...my mouth is watering just thinking about it.  I can't wait to go back for their deli selections and to try the "Sunday sauce."  If you're looking for great Italian food, this is your place. Trust me, I'm Italian.Update: Went back the next night for freshly tossed, homemade woodfired pizza that they serve on Wednesdays. It was amazing. Fresh and perfectly cooked, tender dough with a crispy crust. And the limoncello cake for dessert. The table next to us complained that the food was taking way too long to come out. Keep in mind that fresh food and GOOD food takes time. If you want fast, go to Olive Garden.  If you want good, authentic Italian food, go to Chef Marc's.
5	Is it.. I'm pretty sure.. Yea. It's love. I've been here twice in the past week, and I'm meeting up with them tomorrow at the Tivoli Village Farmers Market.It all started with the antipasto.. hot capicola, peppercorn flecked mortadella, calabrese and genoa salami sliced paper thin, the best pepperoni I've ever set taste buds on, tavern style ham, provolone cheese, and the proscuitto... best. Ever. In the middle is a green salad dressed simply with balsamic and olive oil, topped with garbanzo beans and thinly sliced red onion. This plate.. which is huge.. is only $14 (for two people, addl $4 p/p after). Paired with the amazing hot bread they serve brushed with garlic oil and parmesan, I wish I could make a meal out of this alone. I say wish, because it's just not that easy here. When Chef Marcus comes over to explain the specials.. you're in for the long haul.Their Pappardelle with Bolognese is quite possibly the most comforting food I've ever eaten. It tastes like a hug. Or your favorite sweater on a cold day, if your favorite sweater was perfectly al dente. Perfectly toothsome, all the pasta here is homemade, and the sauce was thick and rich, you could see bits of carrot and peas.The escargot was tender, garlicky, lemony, not gritty, but very very salty. Whoever was making it that night certainly had a heavy had with the salt but it did not deter me from using the crostinis they serve with it to soak up some of that sauce. I love salt. The menu described this dish as having truffle oil in it, but the only earthy notes I got were from the escargot itself.The charred octopus.. wow! I didn't know octopus could be this tender. It was almost like a scallop. Chef Marcus cooks the tentacles in wine and beer for almost three hours before finishing it in the oven to give it that slight char. The cabbage slaw on the bottom is very acidic (lemon) and it a nice contrast to the soft sweetness of the octopus. This is served with sliced apple and celery.The uni with linguine (special) was delicious, and a unique offering here in Vegas. The sauce is creamy with red chili flakes and shaved garlic. The taste of the uni was perfect and fresh, like clean ocean water, and there was a lot of uni in this which just melted in your mouth. The only complaint on this was that the garlic was a little burnt and lent a bitterness to an otherwise perfect dish.If you haven't been here yet, you should make it a point to go soon. I've only been here for dinner, but would love to try their lunch offerings.  Their menu changes often on the chef's whim. The deli case is always impressive and they also have some Italian dry goods for sale, as well as homemade pastas to take home.Wednesday nights ~5:30pm-9:00pm is pizza night and they do neopolitan style thin crust pizzas. They're also at Tivoli Village on Saturdays selling their homemade pastas and amazing parmesano reggiano (best I've found in Vegas) until 1pm.
5	I came in here to get my sexy italian man some deli meats and cheeses. When I get in a couple gentlemen helped me straitaway. I am a complete retard when it comes to these things, but they both helped me a lot and let me try the cheeses and some meat. In the end I came out with three types of meat, two types of cheeses and a fresh baked loaf of bread all for under $30!  I am so happy about my first visit here I am sure to return many times!  Staff- wonderful!Prices- cheap!Food- great quality!
1	It is too bad I have to give 1 star because of the rude treatment we got before we ever sat down.  I stand by my previous review regarding the food.  It was delicious.  The chef was very nice.  The servers we've had in the past were super friendly! However on this last visit, we stood at the front waiting for a table.  There was a woman and a little girl ahead of us who got seated. Next?  Well the waiter never came back, never acknowledged us.  Oh wait!  He did come back and passed by us as he glared at us, never even muttering a word.  Now, Parma gets busy, but this is no busier than usual.  So after that happened, I said 'forget it' and walked out.  My man stood by for a few more moments but never received acknowledgement.  So he too left and we went home and cooked up some good food of our own.So I thought to myself: 'did i have a booger on  my nose?'.  Perhaps they met their quota for Asians that night.  Just kidding!  But really, I will never go there again.  But I will have good memories of the food there.  Oh well!
5	Been here several times now for lunch and once for dinner. Found this place while driving in the area. Doesn't look like much from outside but believe me, this place still got me grinning from ear to ear!..Recommendations:Italian Bread with butter (included) - Always fresh and a nice starter every time..Spaghetti Bolognese Pork: Fresh Pasta (made in house), little chunks of sausage, little chopped cubes of carrots and their red sauce.. The pasta was Incredible, sauce was like butter with some aromatic and delicious olive oil  and an excellent balance of tomato sweetness and tart that was sure to more than satisfy!.. Spaghetti Zucchini Pomodoro: Fresh Pasta, thick slices of zucchini, herbs, red sauce.... 99% of the time, I order pasta with some type of meat (meatballs, sausage, beef, chicken..), this time I decided to go meatless.. WOW!!!!! Seriously, this was Beyond Anything I expected.. One of The Best Pasta Anything I've Ever Ate!  Meat Lasagna: Fresh slices of pasta in between layers of meat, sauce, ricotta.. Rich in flavor, got that creaminess to it and definitely filling. Should fill up 2 hungry people and have leftovers.. Rum Cake: Definitely had that rum liqour  fragrance, moistness and taste that will send you off to dessert bliss! Nothing too Fancy, Just Rumtastic!The first time I dined here, I was so impressed that I almost stayed to have dinner right after a late lunch.. Like Back to Back Meals!! Every night, the chef comes in and decides what will be on the menu for that particular night. So next time, So and so dish might not show up again or at least for a while.. The service was great every visit, lunch prices awesome, dinner prices average and the ambiance very comforting and a tad elegant the same time. Aside from the typical bench, table/chair dining, they also got couches/coffee table seating as well. *Most importantly*, Both Spaghetti entrees mentioned above deserve Much More than a 5 Star Praise!!!!! They Really Set A New Standard In My Book: On How Pasta Should Taste Like!!!!!
5	good service and the food is fantastic especially for the price.  I always try to visit when I am in town.
5	Great for lunch or dinner. Everything is really fresh here and the service is great. I've never had a dish here that I didn't love! All the food is just so well made and presented, and it's so delicious. They also have decent vegetarian options.The service is also very very good. The wait staff is friendly and basically will cater to what ever you ask. One time they we're out of an appetizer i wanted to order so they gave me another one for free! It would be a great place to go on a date.If you're going there for lunch and want a quick good bite, order the meatball sandwich or the chicken parm sandwich. Oh my god they're both freaking amazing.
5	Fresh Homemade Pasta + Luxurious Sauces = Delicious Decadence.I have driven past this restaurant hundreds of times on my way to Trader Joe's and thought it was just a deli. Boy, was I wrong! Who knew that behind those unsuspecting doors were a full service restaurant, in addition to a counter deli and mini market?!My husband and I had lunch with some out of town guests...and Chef Marc and crew did not disappoint.  I ordered the Spinach Manicotti- this is a winning dish.  The homemade pasta enveloped around spinach topped with mozzarella, blanketed with a perfect pink basil sauce was perfection. My husband ordered the Parpadelle Bolognese and shared it with our toddler daughter, and both of them practically licked their plates clean.  My husband also ordered a side a hot sausage which was absolutely delicious. My cousin originally wanted the lasagna, but they had run out, so our waitress recommended the Baked Pasta Fazoletti which was like a deconstructed lasagna.  This was my favorite dish of the day and one I will order all to myself next time. My cousin's husband could not decide on the many delicious sandwiches so he ordered 2 half sandwiches and was very pleased with both.  The service was OK. It wasn't the warmest, but they were attentive and our iced tea glasses were never empty- and that is what counts.  Besides, the food alone is worthy of the 5 stars and I can't wait to be back to try the dinner menu.  So glad that we ventured in because it is now added to our list of faves!
5	Parma's cozy ambience made a surprise bday dinner very memorable! They coordinated with my fiancee to create a wonderful dinner for me and special friends ! Chef Marc personally welcomes your party and gives you the most scrumptious description of his specialty dishes !!! The food is unbelievably good !!!! You must check this place out !!! The staff is awesome !!! Thank you Parma !!
5	Once again as usual I am tottally blown away by Chef Marc Ritz!!!  He is amazing!!!  The BEST FOOD IN VEGAS!!!  If you like Italian Cusine head to Marc's!!!  Words can not describe his cooking!!!  Always consistent!THANKS SO MUCH MARC!!!
5	Pastavino's Meatball Sandwich surpasses my former favorite at Cappriotti's. Tried one today: Smaller meatballs, but clearly freshly made, thick provone and crisp, fine Italian bread.
5	I have been wanting to try this restaurant for awhile. I fell in love with Marc's cooking when I went to "Marcs" while he still owned it. (They served this amazing lobster mashed potatoes drowned in a delicious bisque sauce in a martini glass - yum).  Anyways, I went to this restaurant for dinner. The menu is small but all the pastas are homemade. Chef Marc came out and talked with my fiancee and I and basically told us that we could mix and match different sauces with the pastas. It almost seemed as if he was daring us to give him something new to try. It was very personable and intimate. There were just a few tables and chairs. The rest of the staff was attentive but not overly friendly. The waitress brought us our waters and a delicious garlic bread. It really tastes as if it has been steamed in garlic or baked with garlic ground up in the bread. Very delicious. I ordered the gnocchi in the basil cream sauce. I am very picky about gnocchi but besides Ferraro's it is one of the best gnocchis I have tried in the U.S. Very delicious! My fiancee tried the gnocchi in a ragu sauce and it was just as good. We had no room for dessert but will definitely be coming back.
5	"Wed night pizza nite"Reviewed August 25, 2011I have been frequenting chef marc's restaurant for years and i quess i have never Visited on a wednesday night. What a surprise when we arrived to find chef marc outside in the parking lot with his huge brick oven pizza maker set up. I have known for a while that he had a pizza maker that he could take to events for catering but didnt know that he brings it to the restaurant on wednesdays. I was thrilled and he showed me that it is so hot in the brick oven that pizza cook in just a few minutes. The restaurant was filled with people so i might recommend a reservation on a wed nite. We got a table without a wait and immediately Was brought 2 wonderful glasses of wine. All the waiters there are wonderful and work hard and fast. I ordered the bianco pizza which was a white pizza with arugula on top. The crust was thin and crispy with great flavor. There is a pizza menu with special pizzas but u can also just choose your own  toppings to add to a margarita pizza if u want. My husband didnt want pizza so he ordered off the regular menu and had chicken cacciatore which always comes with a side of pasta. The regular menu is limited but they will make anything you want so just ask and the dish will appear. I also had lunch there the other day and had a meatball sub to die for. My favorite restaurant just got better with the pizza night!Visited August 2011ValueServiceWas this review helpful? YesAsk ilovenyc about Parma Pastavino & DeliThis review is the subjective opinion of a TripAdvisor member and not of TripAdvisor LLC. Report problem with review
5	I had a great experience here.The owner (or so he seemed to be) is a very friendly, informative, and helpful guy.  Gives every customer that special welcome, which is kind of what I do in my own business, and I see less and less of in Vegas.  So he recommends me the Cotto sandwich for lunch, which is a new meat he got from Parma, kinda of similar to prosciutto.  Wow, what an amazing sandwich... The fresh bread, the fontina cheese, so so good.The lunch sandwich prices are good, you don't even need to get a whole sandwich.  Next up is the meatball sandwich, I love meatballs, no pun intended.
5	We have been here twice.  Each time was very different, but very good.  On our first visit, we arrived late on a Saturday night.  I was running in a race the next morning, and wanted some pasta.  We checked Yelp and found Chaf Marc's.  We got there just before closing and received great service.  The food was wonderful and our server was very attentive, eventhough they were about to close.  We knew we would be back.We went back a few months later and decided to take some friends with us for dinner.  We got there just before the dinner rush and were greeted by Chef Marc himself.  He described his specials to us and made recommendations.  Our friends ordered a porterhouse, which the chef carved for them at the table.  My pasta was wonderful and my wife's octopus and eggplant parm was also very good.  We love this little hidden place.  This will be a stop every time we go to Vegas.  When in Vegas, get off the Strip!  There's a lot of great food out there.
5	It's a very rare dining experience that makes me give a five star review. I just had such an experience at Parma.  I am not a fan of black tie settings that sacrifice quality of food in favor of sterile exclusivity and a faux posh atmosphere.  Parma makes no such sacrifice. The best Italian meal I had was in a small town in Tuscany called Monti. It was someone's house that doubled as the village restaurant.  And although I spoke no Italian, we dined with the family on the freshest dishes in a comfortable and relaxed atmosphere. Dinner at Parma was no less special.  Amazing food, quality service and an ambiance that is uniquely both casual yet truly authentic in it's Italian roots.  We had a wonderful Chilean wine followed by a Margherita pizza as an appetizer. My wife and I then shared the pork chop el Chico which was fabulous. But what made the entire evening so great was the time and care chef Marc took to help us decide which menu items would make our meal special for us.  The time he took, the food he prepared and the wonderful atmosphere of his restaurant made five stars a given. Trust me, you'll love it!
4	I have been there many times. The dine in atmosphere is casual but nice.  The food quality has always been superior. The sandwiches are excellent. This place is a gem that somehow I always forget about! But when I remember, there is a big smile on my face.
5	Parma delivered as promised Yelpers! The atmosphere, relaxed and casual. We sat in the family style area, they also have a lounge/sofa area with low tables that looked comfy. Our group of 5 shared the entrees and appetizers everyone of them was fantastic. They fire up the Tuscan wood fired pizza oven only on Wednesdays so we got lucky showing up when we did,  best pizza I've had outside of NYC! Chef Marc made all of us welcome and the staff was responsive and friendly. If you want to impress your friends refer them to Parma, they'll thank you afterwards.
4	We have not eaten here yet, but have come to visit the deli twice in one week. We have been wanting to find someplace to purchase fresh pasta and they have some great fresh pasta here. Prices are also super reasonable. $4.50 a pound of the usual long pastas like spaghetti, linguini, pappardelle, etc. A few other styles like orrechette are more. They have raviolis as well and gnocchi which I believe was somewhere around $9 a lb. We were very happy with the quality of it. Will be coming back for more and perhaps come back to have a meal here.
4	My First review ever - Woot! On to the review. I really wish I could give this place a five star rating because Chef Marc serves some amazing dishes. Unfortunately, I cannot. The food here is EXCELLENT, but in my opinion, it's not the only thing that completes a great dining experience. One star for a great environment, another two stars for the great food, and the fourth star because they serve Castello Beer for $2 on Wednesdays!The last and final star I could not give them because after attending his Pizza and Beer night four Wednesday's in a row, the service only seemed to get worse...If you don't know about Wednesday night Pizza and Beer at Chef Marc's Parma, you need to be there next Wednesday for the best pizza in town. Just be ready hunt down your renegade server for any service....
4	yum! one of the first things i needed to do as a newly arrived las vegan was find my local go-to italian place. we ate at chef marc's last night and it is in the running.the service was helpful and attentive (when my husband was peering over his shoulder to look at the menu board for a minute, someone came rushing over to make sure we didn't need anything) and chef marc himself came out to talk to us, which was a friendly touch!"but the food! how was the food?!" you ask. it was delicious! i had the gnocchi in bolognese. the sauce was good but the gnocchi were the stars- soft and pillowy, just like they should be! my husband had the five-cheese ravioli with a meatball and i kept stealing bites because it was really, really good- the cheese blend inside the pasta was awesome and the meatball was one of the best i've ever had. also the crusty bread with fresh garlic on top is pretty much addictive.
4	Great place!  We love how the menu changes, and how flexible they are about what is on the menu!  It's like having a personal chef.  Great for lunch, too!
4	I've only eaten lunch sandwiches but I have no doubt the other food is great. Whenever I crave a quality Italian sandwich made right, this is where I go. Do yourself a favor, next time you want to have a sandwich, head here and order a Parma sandwich.
4	Had a great time!  Jason is a great waiter, knowledgable & gracious!  The cabernet blend delicious, the green juliene tasty.  Definitely a "repeat"
5	A+ amazing stuff. I love the feel of the place, the service is casual but professional and the food is next level outstanding. When it is on the ever changing menu, give the lamb osso bucco a try - it is fantastic. Prices are reasonable to boot.
5	This place made so happy it made me want to sing "YMCA" and emphatically do the YMCA dance.  I wanted to start a conga line but there was only a few people in there!I ordered the Italian beef sandwich.  I wasn't sure if I was going to like the cheese on it, but other than that it looked good.  Listen... the bread was soooo gooood.  It was like a ciabatta and baguette coupled and had offspring.  It was light, crispy, flavorful but with plenty of body!  It came with a side of aus jus- the ausjus was like an action hero in my opinion.  It was the Superman of dipping sauces.  I had some left in the little dish when I was done, so I asked the waiter for a spoon!The sandwich wasn't a true true Italian beef - I don't think the meat was roasted there but it was of good quality.  The sandwich was like a French onion soup Italian beef sandwich!!!  It was everything I love in a sandwich and more...Great service, nice and clean - Bravo.  The prices are on the high side for basically a deli, I paid $22 for the sandwich, canoli, coffee and tip.  Eventhough, I am cheap** and I do not like spending $22 on lunch - I left plenty happy!I will go back to try some pasta fo sho!**(that is according to my x-wife)
5	Have eaten here many times and not once has it disappointed myself or my family.  We love it.  The staff is awesome.  I love that when we ask for something off the menu they will prepare it if they can.  I am a huge roasted garlic fan.  They don't have on the menu but I call ahead and they prepared it for me.  My favorites are the eggplant parmigiana , truffle Mac and cheese, chicken Marsala and the beet salad.  My daughter is a big fan of the gnocchi.
5	Excellent, excellent food. Got salad, chicken parm, spaghetti carbonara, kalua cake and rum cake.  I'll warn you that the cakes look plain but also promise you the flavor is like the 4th of July in every bite.  Don't judge it before you try it!! OMG for everything...Chef came to the table but it was nice, not weird. Easy to get to from the strip.  If you are visiting Vegas, forget the tourist stuff and get yourself something truly memorable.
5	The best Italian restaurant in town.  Period.  Everything is wonderful.  The spinach risotto is amazing.  The service is friendly and attentive.  Chef Marc made us believers in fresh pasta.  And for the high quality of the food, the prices are reasonable.
4	Wonderfull little place. He serves fresh local food when he can. They had a special one night with a T-Bone for two and it was wonderful. Great place to get fresh pasta to take home and cook.
5	OMG!  This place is Goooooood!Wonderful food, great service, really good prices for the high quality food.  You will be happy you dined here, trust me.
4	This is certainly a great improvement to the Italian restaurant selection in Las Vegas. The cons are it is a bit loud, (because it is busy) and it is a bit pricey. The pros are the food is great and you can go at off peak times to reduce the noise level. We went at least 5 times and with my picky wife, that is saying a lot!
5	Enjoying another sunday afternoon @ chef marc's.  Antipasti salad was wonderful, service superb, waiting for my lasagna!
5	I've driven by Parma for over a year, and wondered what it was like. I knew of Chef Marc's previous location a mile or so North, but hadn't been to Parma. Today my husband & I decided to try it for lunch. It's location makes the restaurant appear more like a deli than a nice Italian restaurant.  We initially didn't want a "sit down" meal, but when we got inside we knew we had to stay. We were greated upon arrival by our waitress, who was wonderful. Unfortunately I can't remember her name.  She helped with selection of our meals & answered our questions with great enthusiasm!  I wanted a 1/2 sandwich and she never tried to up-sell me on a bigger one. She offered a salad, which was a great choice. It was fresh with homemade Italian dressing. I ordered the eggplant parm sandwich (half). It was the best I have ever had.  My husband ordered the full Italian sausage sandwich, & brought the 2nd half home.  The food was a little late coming out-we were told the bread was over toasted. To make up for this, we were offered complimentary dessert. We were so full, but couldn't pass it up. It was a 4 layer lemon cake with whipped cream frosting.  SO good! We asked about their dinner menu. Our waitress told us how the menu is different every night & then explained "Pizza Night" on Wednesdays.  The best part was her excitement over their menu & Chef Marc.  We are excited about taking friends with us next time.  By the way, the bread is wonderfully fresh and Delicious!
5	When we are both so busy eating that we don't even take time to talk, I know it is a great meal.  It's funny because I have shopped in this plaza so many times, but the restaurant is sort of tucked away and unassuming-looking, that I never realized such amazing food was hiding within.  I came for lunch and ordered the Italian Beef sandwich and lovely glass of wine the server recommended.  The sandwich was under $10 and huge,  I took one look thought, good I will have some for later - but, no, I couldn't stop eating even though it was a lot of food.  The beef was thinly sliced, tender and tucked inside of the perfect roll.  You just can't underestimate how much impact the right choice of bread can have on a sandwich.  This roll was crusty and sturdy enough to hold together even when dunking the sandwich in sauce.  Yet, it wasn't too bread-y.  The sauce was spicy and perfect.It was so delicious, I made sure to tell just about everyone I know how good the sandwich was, then I have spent the last week daydreaming about it and wondering when I can go back.
5	I am so glad I am back in Vegas,  I missed this place.  I stopped by with the intention of just picking up some fresh pasta foe dinner.  Ended up getting spaghetti Bologna's and a chicken parmesan sandwich as well as a loaf of fresh italian bread and an antipasti salad.  The prices actually seemed to go down (at least stay the same) as they were in the last 2 years.  The food and service are still excellent and you can really taste the quality that using primo ingredients and passion that chef Marc uses in his food.  It is superior to every other italian food I have tried from some so-called "italian" restaurants.  The portions are huge, and while it isn't cheap, you get what you pay for and the deli prices are no more than what you pay at the grocery store for deli meats and cheeses as well as bread.  It is also the only place I know that sells actual fresh pasta.  Yum
5	Wednesday is pizza night.  They roll a 900 degree oven into the parking lot and fire it up!  Great authentic recipes.  Try to fried egg on top.  They cut the yolk when they cut the pizza.  Primo!My next favorite is any kind of "fresh" fish they have in a Mediterranean red sauce, full of mussels, clams, etc.  If you want MEAT, go for the steak el chico.  Spicy, but good.A new creation "Barbershop Chicken" is awesome comfort food!  Also spicy with loads of peppers, chunks of spicy sausage and of course, organic chicken.  Way too much food, but I love leftovers!
5	Excellent food, the sausage and chicken rigatoni are top notch.
3	Eggplant Parma wasn't seasoned and tasted like old oil.  The wrong pasta noodles were brought out, but were still good, marinara tasted like bottled, unseasoned sauce.  Pam made up for the the lack of organization behind the counter.  Parma sandwich was good.  Pastries were good.  Pam was great.  Kitchen staff could be different everyday and yield inconsistencies.
3	Can't give a 4 or 5 even though food was great.  Service was not attentive. Forgot coffee refills and dessert.  Had to ask for check after long wait. Charged extra for decaf coffee on menu and another extra charge on our bill. Told them about it but got some explanation that it was harder to make. I'm not buying it.
5	By far one of the best places to grace Las Vegas in a long time. I know that many people talk about the chefs on the Strip, but I purposely avoided that route for my friends bachelor party. At first, people were complaining about how we had to detour from the row of lights to go to dinner, but they quickly shut up after we began our gastronomical journey. Any special occasion can only be made better with a visit to Chef Marc's Parma. I was lucky enough to tag along with some Yelpers and have been hooked on this restaurant ever since. Call in advance and specify that you want to participate in a chef's table. For $50, a five course meal is a steal. An additional $20 more, there is an option for wine pairing. With a week notice, chef will be able to set up a marvelous spread. Long gone are the days where a chef tries to fill you up on bread and cheap ingredients. Chef even got upset that someone had given us bread. I had specified that one friend was allergic to pine nuts and melon. Another to pineapple, almonds, and does not eat pork. Chef said no problem and I was relieved. This was my second chance to experience a meal from this creative genius. He started us off with some sliced prosciutto before our first course. We were in for a real treat when we found out that chef brought out the pizza oven on a Sunday night. Not only did we get a classic margherita but a walnut pesto pizza as well. This was a creative way around our friend's allergy. Then the second course came at us with no warning. A sampler platter of perfectly grilled octopus, shrimp, sausage, and red snapper surrounding a bed of apple salad tossed in a citrus dressing. Already, some were ready to admit that the drive was worth it. Now slowing down, Chef came out again to explain what he had in store for us. Two words: LOBSTER RAVIOLIS! That was our pasta course. The al dente stuffed goodness was filled with the crustacean and came with a marscapone cream sauce. For many, it could have ended here and we would have received a meal worthy of $50. An Italian meal without a protein? Unheard of. Stepping outside of the box to provide us with a truly unique experience, we were presented with Veal Cheek served on polenta with German red cabbage. The meat was so tender that you could cut it with a fork. The sauce was similar to an Osso Bucco sauce. Each component complimented each other so well. By this time we were all stuffed. Yet it did not end there. For dessert, chef sent out a french toast served with fresh bananas and berries topped with a Marsala wine sauce. Ambrosial! Still not enough? The groom to be and I had opted for the wine pairing. I had attended a wine tasting some time ago and came across a beautiful dessert wine that I had nearly forgot about until I took a sip here. Although our waiter prefaced that the wine didn't go with the dessert, I was happy to taste the Donald Ziraldo dessert wine again. At this point, I could not hold it in any longer and had to gloat. BOOYAH! All of the skeptics could eat it, because this meal was sensational.
3	I've eaten here several times and the food is always really good. The pizza on Wednesday nights is amazing. Definitely worth trying. The reason for three stars is the service. I've yet to eat here and have good service. The staff is always rude and act as if your bothering them. Trying to get food to go is almost impossible.
5	I finally came here to eat dinner with the family. Didn't know why we waited so long honestly. We since then come back a few times and even brought family from Ca and most recently, our family from the Netherlands. Everything is fresh, and pastas are made by hand here. The menus change based on what is seasonal and I highly appreciate that. Don't worry though, all the favorites aren't on the menu they hand you but on the chalk boards on the wall. They can make you just about anything you desire of the classics. This is what we've had (so far) : Antipasto Salad - very plentiful with greens, olives, slices of cheese and charcuterie. The different salamis were delicious and you can tell were quality. Standard dish, but good as far as salad goes. Lasagna - My MILs favorite thing. First time it was good and very heavy on the ricotta, this recent time they touted that it was a new style, a Tuscan style without the ricotta, layers of meaty saucy goodness and the MIL swooned over it. I took a bite and it was fantastic. Bolognese- have had a few times and prefer pappardelle noodles. This is one of the best bologneses I've had. This has been ordered several times and is the group favorite. Red sauces- Go for Sunday sauce if you like a nice rich tasting red sauce. Marinara here is solidly bright and bold flavored if you don't want a meaty sauce. If you like sausages or meatballs with that, theirs are good. I'm a sausage person myself, but grandma likes the meatballs. BF and I tried a seasonal, Snapper with uni hollandaise, pea risotto and broccolini. The fish was fresh and cooked nicely, and the flavors of everything with it was in harmony and not overpowering the snapper. We are risotto freaks and cook it properly at home. Pea risotto it was overcooked, but still good flavors. Some of our guests had other things like the sweet potato "bishops hats" in brown butter, the puttanesca, etc and all reported back positively. Desserts- had the cannolis which are quite solid and I am very picky about them. Kalhua cake is buttery and tasty. Tiramisu is standard, but solid and not overly soaked. Chocolate cake was nice. Pizelles aren't made in house I dont think but offer it at the deli case and they were good if you like the sweeter vanilla kind. MIL and I both prefer the anise flavored ones. They start out any meal with some hot from the oven bread with garlic, butter and herbs on it! Definitely very good! My in laws aren't a fan of the olive oil/balsamic dip you make your self from jars at the table so ask for butter if you're like them.Service here is always very good. We get the same waiter everytime and he does such a good job of explaining the dishes, specials and answering our questions. While sometimes its been slow because it was very busy, it is always courteous and not for their lack of trying to be everyone at once. We don't mind waiting for good food when it comes from a place that feels like home. Of course, we have taken home cheese, pasta, and sauces from the deli and the prices are great for the quality. Pastas are around $4.50 a lb. depending on the kind, raviolis and gnocchi types I believe are around $9 a lb. I cannot remember the sauce prices, but I will update next time. LOVE this place. I cannot recommend this spot enough. Definitely one of my favorite restaurants in town. I don't throw that statement around lightly. Can't wait for Nelsons Chefs Tasting UYE!
4	This is your italian grandma's dining room - full of wine and dry goods and mismatched furniture and amazing food. It seems like chef marc prepares each dish from absolute scratch so the dish takes a little while to come out but then its worth it. I actually experienced nirvana in a bowl of bean soup. they also sell bread but they run out early in the day. its not at all decorated like a vegas restaurant. the wine selection and suggestions are supurb. its a really different experience and great real deal italian.
5	Note to non Vegas folk...this is a $35 can ride from the strip, not including tip, EACH way!  * The garlic bread is light and airy with a crunch. Very tasty. *antipasta- very large event though we got the lunch size portion.*lamb ossobucco with polenta- very large portion an equally good. Well worth the $28 I paid for it. *spinach ravs- probably the best ravioli I've ever had. The cream sauce was delish and the pasta was super fresh. After our meal, they called us a cab.  Super nice guys and gal.Overall, very good meal and I would highly  recommend the drive from the strip.
4	Came in here with friends for dinner.  A bit hard to fit if you're driving.  Service is wonderful.  The place makes you feel cozy; there are tables and a sofa with big tv's.  Folks can come in and eat while the game is on.  Chef personally comes out and greets you; finds out what you like or offers to make you something special.  Side bread is very tasty; we ended up asking for like 3 servings.  Price is a bit high and the portion is average.  The pasta is made amazingly and goes down well with some wine.  The place gets a lot of visitors from the strip.  Obviously, it's a good place for people to pay for a taxi to eat here.  Worth the trip.
4	Had a wonderful experience at dinner last night.  We split the Parma salad.   Perfect with the sliced italian bread!   I ordered the Shrimp Fra Diavblo.  It was delicious.  Large juicy shrimp in a very spicy and tasty sauce.  The sliced cherry peppers really add a nice KICK!  Great customer service! There was a small hiccup with the order.  My friend's order came out incorrect.  Our server offered to keep my plate warm.  Then brought two glasses more glasses of wine - without us complaining - on the house!  Looking forward to trying more of their menu!
5	Exquisite dinning experience....BEST Italian food in Vegas!
4	Mmm I ordered the Bolgnese and my husband had the Linguini and Clams. This place is delicious. It looks like nothing special from the outside, but once you're inside there are many tables that are usually full. For dessert we had the chocolate mousse cake and a cannoli. I was SO stuffed by the end. I prb shouldn't have eaten an entire bread basket! While it is a bit pricey for a less "fancy" Italian restaurant, it is better than Mastrioni's and is still a cute date place w great Italian food.
1	My person and I weren't that hungry so we decided to share a pizza but before ordering we had a few questions regarding their pizza and Chef Marc himself took the order and he was rude.  Instead of answering our question about the pizza, he told us that the pizza was cheap.  It was a bit insulting the way he treated us.  Seems like Chef Marc is willing to be cordial and nice for the money.  The pizza was decent but I will definitely not bring my business here.
5	Chef's Marc's is amazing.  My favorite place to go always.  My husband and I stumbled upon Chef Marc's one afternoon and were blown away.  We've been back several times.  Once we had the Chef's table which was a lot of fun, but you should be adventurous, we had octopus, and squid in the meal, the wine pairing was amazing and worth every penny.  They can get very busy and seating is limited so make a reservation.  We try to sneak in early as soon as dinner begins to miss the crowd.
5	Chef Marc's Parma what a place it like your at home eating. I was invited to this place by one of my friends. We sat on one of the sofas perfect to bring a date. The food at this place is the best Italian food I have ever ate every dish is as good as the next  some of my favorites are the branzino italian sea bass,the veal and the jatori free range chicken mmmh. As far as the service is concerned its exceptional we were made well aware of all the specials and exactly how everything is prepared and also we got a great Waiter called chiro must ask to see him he really impressed with his knowledge of food and wine what an asset to this place he is he made us feel like family.so as far as Italian places in las Vegas chef Marc's Parma is my favorite hands down without the strip prices.
5	I never wrote a review on a resturant, but after coming here I have to.Best Itialian food I have had in years. This place is not fancy, actually its small.Prices are a little high, but I will still come back over and over. I walked away full and feeling great. Itialian sause gives me an upset stomach, not this place ! Real homemade pasta and sauce, and had a deli to boot when you leave, If you want a real Itialian food you have to try this place. had the portabella mushrooms with 4 cheese , amazing appitizer! and a pasta what was think and made at their place. They import spices from Italy!! Again I never waste time on a review , but this place deserves it. I will be telling all the guys at Neilis and Creech AFB to come here. Looks to have a inexpesive lunch menu whice I will try next.Thanks for great service too!!
5	Best Italian deli sandwich I ever had its called the Parma cold sandwich. I eat it weekly.  Their traditional stuff is stellar and legit.   Pamela is a great service at the counter, I get it to go and they are all so nice and the food is tasty and savory as well as fairly priced.  Deli and small restaurant. Cozy but simple.  Recommended
1	I anticipated a great dining experience as I had heard raves  about Parma.  However, I was very disappointed.  Our group of six had the ultimate rude waiter.  He was snide and condescending.  When asked any question, the answer was given but with a sneer.  And although we had not yet ordered, another server came by and asked for three of our menus as they were short of menus at another table.  Really?Our waiter told us their portions were not "Cheesecake size" and he was not kidding.  Small and pricey would be an appropriate description. One of our party ordered eggplant parmesan and was told that was so "American."  The eggplant parm came out cold.  We were also told butter for the bread was so "American"  and only Americans, not real Italians,  used olive oil and balsamic vinaigrette to dip their bread in, although that is how the bread was served--strange.   I had the clam linguine which was all right.  It's certainly not the best I have ever had, but it wasn't the worst.  I will say the cannoli and rum cake were delicious. The seating was crowded and the air conditioning was struggling to keep up the Las Vegas summer heat.  Over all, except for the desserts, this place was disaster.  I will not be returning.
3	The food was excellent and ambiance was charming however, they are sneaky with their pricing and I was slightly annoyed to find this after having such a lovely meal.The price on their website is lower across the board than the prices that were on the menu when we were actually there, but the kicker is that when we got our bill some of the items were charged more than they were listed on the menu and that is just bad business. I am willing to give them a second chance because the food was so good but beware when you get your bill.
5	Chef Marc's Parma is one of those places you find and are so blown away by the passion, the quality and the freshness of the food that you want to keep it your secret, but it just wouldn't be fair. Hands down the finest Italian food I've had in ages. The fruita de mar was amazing loaded with clams,mussels, calamari and fresh fish in an amazing red sauce with fresh basil. So balanced as not to over power the fish but hearty enough to bring alive the flavors of the homemade linguine . Dessert, tiramisu was fantastic. Subtle hits of anise in the mascarpone cheese. Even the cappuccino is so good you do not need to sweeten., Bottom line. Munge!
5	Congrats to Chef Marc for making a true Pasta Carbonara!  We recently returned from Italy and no where yet were we able to find true authentic Italian Pasta Carbonara.  It's a home run at Parma, absolutely delicious!
4	If you don't care about calories, Parma is the place to be for reasonably priced and delicious Italian food.  I went with a few friends:  I had the linguini fruitti di mar (seafood pasta in a red sauce), and my friends had the pork chops and veal parmigiano.  The service was nothing short of perfection, because I altered my dish by asking for this and that, e.g., I want chili peppers, fresh basil, etc.  What can I say? I'm demanding, and boy does Parma deliver!  I don't remember the name of our waiter, because he was very attentive and jovial.  My guests loved their dishes.  The friend who ordered the pork chop was impressed with how large the pork chops were.  It looked like it could feed a family of four, and he definitely licked his plate clean.  For my dish, I enjoyed it, but I would have liked to see more fish in my fruitti di mare, fewer mussels than clams (my dish was swimming in mussels), and more shrimp and calamari.  Since I love seafood and always order seafood pasta wherever I go, I would say Parma's linguini fruitti di mare is worthy of 3.5 stars.  It was definitely very good and tasty for the price, but for me, the service made my experience worthy of 5 stars. All in all, I'd definitely go back there again next time I'm in Vegas...maybe after I'm done dieting.  lol
5	They still consistently give great food and service and they deserve an upgrade after all this time. Their Zucchini di Pomodoro is my personal favorite. It's hard finding good vegetarian pastas in this town. The EVOO, tomatoes, and zucchini shine in this dish. I don't feel like a glutinous heffer afterwards. Their bread is perfection. The caprese salad is beautiful with fresh slices of buffalo mozzarella and tomatoes. They promote their specials via text if you sign-up. One time my friend got a text for a complimentary cannoli and the waitress brought one for each of us. A generous and sweet surprise. Excellent food and personable service goes a long way and Parma deserves all the praise and love it gets.
4	I recently stopped in and was greeted by Chef Marc, a fun loving owner operator who was a great host and very passionate about his food and restaurant. I tried the Parma sandwich and was very pleasantly surprised, very fresh produce and the meat and cheese was amazing.My coworker had the Meatball sandwich and was equally pleased. He said it was the best he'd ever had. We also had a few of Chef Marcs made to order cannolis and I almost couldn't believe how great they were. Sweet tangy cream with a fresh crunchy shell, absolutely perfect.
5	I love this place for many reasons: the homemade pasta, the Wedneday night pizza, and the spinach manicotti to name a few. Don't get discouraged by its totally random strip-mall location, the food here is excellent. I've been many times, mostly for lunch, the pasta fagiole soup is the best I've ever had. My most recent trip last week for dinner did not disappoint. I got the fish special: red snapper on goat-cheese polenta with artichoke and broccolini - supurb!  The rest of my party got gnocchi and bolognese. Everyone was really pleased. Tiramisu was great too. If you want a fancy atmosphere, you won't find it here, but the food and service is worth the visit.
5	The very best PASTA. I take Marc's pasta home and prepare it there. It has good texture, great flavor and of course only takes a moment to cook. My only place to buy   fresh pasta.
4	What a great place!  We had a great meal complete with fresh pasta which I am quite a sucker for.  We got a great Yelp check-in offer, and the highlight was the chef coming out and explaining the menu to us.  We really got the sense that he cared about what he was doing!
4	This is very good food. The papardelle bolognese and the shrimp diavolo were fantastic. Very fresh ingredients and well seasoned. The pasta was a highlight. Great texture. The service was okay, which is why they dont get a 5 star, and the menus were a bit dirty, but it certainly didnt take away from the experience a ton. It is a casual environment and very easy going. I would definitely go back for the papardelle bolognese again. Very inexpensive corkage. Good stuff!
5	I love this place.  Great date night or a friends night out.  The food is fabulous, you can't go wrong. I read some of the other reviews, if you are in a hurry, I'd call in the order and pick it up.  Don't forget to remind them to give you utensils and napkins... last time I ordered, there was no utensils and no napkins... I was starving, I was going to park and I had planned to nibble in the car but it was too late to turn around and ask.  Any way, enjoy! This is my go to Italian place. I met Chef Marc while waiting for my take out- he checked in and made sure I was taking care of- nice fella.
5	This place is a bit far for locals, especially far if you're a tourist!  It's on the northwest side of Vegas near Summerlin but definitely worth the trip!I needed some carbs before a marathon and stumbled upon Chef Marc's.  I immediately fell in love when I walked in.   Cozy atmosphere and greeted immediately by friendly faces.  There were moments where I forgot that I was at a restaurant.  There is a "living room" in the middle with sofas and a TV.  The menu changes and they have a "chef's special" where Chef Marc surprises you!A "mom & pop" italian restaurant is hard to find in the west coast.  There's plenty in NY and Boston.  This is the first real italian restaurant that gave me a nostalgic feeling of the East Coast Italian Family Cooking.  The complimentary bread was amazing and I definitely took advantage of the complimentary part!  Chef Marc stopped by our table periodically to make some recommendations then to check how we were doing.  We even met his wife.   Superb customer service by everyone who worked there.Their pasta is homemade and fresh!  They even have a deli if you want to buy some fresh meats or pasta for some home-cooking!I signed up for their texting updates....I salivate everytime I read what's on the menu..=P~~~
4	This place is one of best kept secrets in Las Vegas!  If your looking for high quality and tasty food at a reasonable price with good service this is your place.  We will be regulars at this place!
5	Fantastic food and an incredible wait staff. This restaurant is wonderful.
3	The entrees and salads that we had were all tasty and the ingredients were high quality, but it was too expensive to be on my list of favorite eateries in LV. The cheapest entree was $18 and the portions were small. The salads at $9 each were too expensive for what was on the plate. I wanted to like it, but I felt like it was a bit overpriced. For two people with salads and entrees and splitting a canolli for dessert, it was $72. I know good Italian food is more pricey than say good Thai or Mexican food, but if you are hungry you are gonna spend a lot here.
4	Great food. Good service. Had the pasta fazzoletti for lunch. It was a little messy, but it was right after lunch hour.
5	Absolutely do not miss this little Italian gem. So worth the drive off the strip. Amazing food, even better wait staff. Great wine list. Perfect! A great find!
5	At last I visited Parma with Diane to order off the menu for my first non-group dining experience here.  Parma Salad with arugula, mushrooms, artichoke hearts, black and green olives, walnuts, Parmesan Cheese, tomatoes, and a delicious Balsamic Vinaigrette Dressing was very good.  A saucy Neapolitan Margarita Pizza from the outside mobile oven on Pizza Night Wednesday was a nice appetizer, with just a little char on the bottom.  It was tasty but my favorite Margarita Pizza is still the one served at Postrio.  Pasta Fagiola Soup took a long time to reach me from the kitchen, but it was well worth the wait. The homemade broth and long-simmering beans, little tubes of pasta, basil, and tomato with a little bite to it, made this a simple but really classic bean soup!  The beans melted in the mouth, and the soup was even better accompanied by excellent crackling Italian bread and butter.   Nicely pounded veal with a sweet Marsala Sauce and delectable mushrooms had a little kick to it but was delicious, accompanied by a side of handmade bent Penne with Chef Marc's wonderful Sunday Sauce and good baby green beans that were a bit crunchier than I prefer.  Diane's side of Gnocchi made from scratch was also filling and delicious.Service from a very capable and efficient staff was personable and hopping!  I was glad that I had made a dinner reservation, because the restaurant was filled to near capacity when we were there, yet we were seated immediately.  Chef Marc came by and engaged with many of his customers, and near the beginning of our meal brought us complimentary Fried Squash Blossoms that were pleasing dipped in a tasty mild Marinara Sauce also provided.The ambiance of this place is rustic and clearly informal southern Italian.  But when we were present on this night we also seemed to share a special bond with our fellow diners, all of whom were strangers to us.  It seemed like all were repeat customers who looked forward to another memorable meal produced under the direction of the charismatic and talented Chef Marc.  So, an aura of excitement and fellowship was in the air, which added to the overall enjoyment of our dining experience.This will not be our last visit here, for sure!
5	My friend and I were on the West side of town and decided to check Parma out. The staff was very friendly and the food was absolutely delicious. You get a complimentary bread basket, which is a nice touch. I tried to avoid eating it, but it was hard to resist! They serve the best chicken parmesan I've had in a really long time! Their spinach ravioli was also pretty good. I can't wait to go back to try some of their other entrees.The atmosphere in the restaurant was great! The lights were dim and they have a nice little seating area in the middle of the restaurant. The couches looked very inviting. The only negative is that if you're sitting near the door, every time someone walks in, the sun shines right in your face. They are so kind there, they let us change tables since we were blinded a couple of times. All in all, this was a great experience and I plan on going back!
4	This is a great little cross between a fine Italian restaurant and a Parisian Cafe, with comfy chairs for having a dessert, coffee, or waiting for a table.   The food was very well prepared, and service was good as well.  We had a group of six, and they just moved three small cafe tables together for us along the banquette.I had Charred octopus and it was tender and delicious.  The wild boar ragu was meaty with just the right amount of spice.  The bread, I thought, was a let down - just a loaf of cheap white "italian" popped in the oven.  The desserts were good, nothing over the top.  All very good cakes.
5	Really a great Italian place.  Staff is not stuffy, but really very friendly.  Had a grt meal.  Got to visit with Chef Marc!  Great food, great prices.
5	This place deserves five stars.  Heres why:1. Service. Some of the most outstanding personalized service i've ever received at a restaurant. Our server was there with helpful suggestions every time we turned around. He asked the right questions, too, like when we ordered the chefs tasting, he asked if we were allergic to anything or had dietary restrictions ( hubby does. Lots of them). He was not snooty at all and explained everything we wanted info on without pretention. Not only that but chef marc came by and personally asked if we liked the meal. The food was outstanding (more on this in a minute) but the service was even better. Hubby tipped like 40%. Other restaurants could learn a lesson or four from these guys. Servers get tipped according to service. Give excellent, above-and-beyond service, you'll get tipped very well, at least by us.2. The FOOD! I come from philly, where good italian restaurants are on virtually every street corner, and where i grew up eating at church dinners where little old italian ladies slaved over hot stoves to feed armies of hungry parishioners every sunday afternoon. I may not be italian, but i know (and love) good, authentic italian food. This was the real deal. The fresh-baked bread was simultaneously crunchy & chewy on the outside, soft and warm on the inside, AND sprinkled with fresh parmeasan. We ordered the chefs tasting meal, and it was catered just to us, and included a lovely capresi salad with fresh mozzarella, swordfish that was so tender i could hardly believe it on a bed of some sort of wild grains in a light lemon & capers sauce that was absolutely delectable, a pasta selection that was homemade with morrel mushrooms that were to die for, and the most light & fluffy tiramisu which was so good I coulve eaten another one, even though i was STUFFED. Julia child said "freshness is essential. That makes all the difference .". This is true of Parma. Ill also add that loving ones job makes all the difference. Bravo, chef marc! We love your food AND your restaurant.  Im a new, big, fan!3. Price. For food this good you can't beat the price. We got the tasting, which was $50 each and the most expensive thing on the menu. There were several entrees under $20.  You could conceivably order two lower-priced entrees and get away with a $50 meal. Well worth every penny. 4. Ambiance. It was homey, not pretentious, and much like the italian restaurants i grew up going to. There were kids there too, which i like, as i like a family restaurant where my kids are welcome. I liked the painting of sinatra i was seated near and kept looking at it. They could maybe use a nice mural though - i know some good people who do this if anyones reading this!All in all a 5 star + experience. We will be back, and we'll bring people with us!
2	One would think when there are only two other groups in the place they would get the order right but once again another place who seems to be lost in the service department and the food was just OK.
1	I've heard the food was good but unfortunately we never got to try it.  On Thursday 10/4, My son and I arrived at Parma just before 3 p.m.  There was only one table occupied with 2 people.  When we walked in a woman yelled to us from the kitchen area(we were not greeted at the door) asking if we were "for here or to go".  When we told her we wanted to sit down she told us to 'just sit anywhere, I"ll be right with you."  Over the course of the next ten minutes that we sat at our table, she brought over two different dishes of food to the occupied table (only 4 tables away from us).  She spent the rest of the time talking with the guys in the kitchen.  After ten minutes of not even an acknowledgement of our existence, we got up and left.  She never acknowledged our leaving either.  There are plenty of other restaurants that appreciate our business.  We wont be going back here for sure.
4	I've been wanting to go here for a long time; I am kicking myself for not trying this place sooner, but today was the day.  Went for lunch, which is a limited menu with a few pasta dishes, hot and cold sandwiches, and salad...definitely round out enough for lunch, but my husband has been craving a clam/mussel pasta dish. My husband ordered a hot Italian beef sandwich which comes with an au jus and I got a hot parma.  My sandwich was solid...no complaints, exactly as described.  My husband's sandwich was TDF...I am not kidding, I don't eat bread, but he convinced me to take a full bite after he dipped it in the au jus...it was way more than I expected. So many textures and flavors...juicy meat, with a few tangy peppercinos, crusty bread, melted provolone, then dipped in au jus...PERFECTION!!!  Being east coast born and raised, reminds me of Jersey and Philly Italian joints, family we loved and ate at often.  Services was exceptional and definitely run by people that care about presenting good food and service.I cannot wait to come back for dinner.  The environment is like an Italian familiy's living room...there are tables, but also couches to sit back and relax, possibly with a few glasses of wine.  You definitely can tell the wine menu is carefully selected...it isn't huge, but definitely well thought out to please as many customers but also show off Italian wines.  How many places do you know that serve Vermentino by the glass?  Love it.
4	I was looking for a place to celebrate a birthday with friends in the Summerlin area. Read all the fantastic reviews for Parma and decided this must be the place. My first impression upon arrival was a little disappointing as I was expecting a nicer restaurant and instead found a very casual place. So I hoped the food lived up to its reputation and IT CERTAINLY DID! All of us thoroughly enjoyed our meals. Started with good fresh bread. Everything was homemade and all our dishes were very well prepared. The birthday tiramisu they brought was just divine.
3	I've been coming here for years and used to love it. I'm taking a star away.  Over the last 18 months or so I've watched the place slowly devolve into mediocrity.  my most recent trip was this weekend.  the menu is noticeably smaller than it used to be.  that isn't necessarily a bad thing but the parma menu was never expansive to begin with.  in addition to a small menu, they were out of at least one pasta dish, had no fresh fish special, and ran out of one of their red wines (mind you, they only have a half dozen or so selections).  it was 7 pm on Saturday night.  I also couldn't help but notice that the place really wasn't busy.  maybe growing the empire as chef marc has ain't such a good thing.  oh yeah, I almost forgot to review the food.  what did I have again???
5	Chef Marc is creative and balanced in his approach to delicious food.At Parma, they do the classics so wonderfully with many little subtleties that are left out of so many good Italian restaurants, but really set the dishes off.  To start their pasta is made in-house and you can certainly taste the the quality.  They continue to go the extra mile though...bringing in fresh peas at the end of the bolognese instead of cutting corners...adding balanced capers to the vegetable papardelle...preparing the chicken parmesan to order--creating a beautiful texture that is void at higher-end restaurants...dish after dish is special.The Chef's Table is the true star at Parma!  It's a perfect value too at $50 / $70 with wine.  I have paid twice as much for equally enjoyable meals multiple times in Vegas!Parma is classic Italian executed wonderfully!
3	I came here with high expectations.We ordered some of the pasta dishes, and just weren't blown away.  Yes, the prices are fair, but I just wasn't impressed food wise.  It's not that they were bad, it's just that they weren't noteworthy.  Seriously, the pasta was cold where as the meat was hot...and the tomato sauce in mine was watery and lacking taste, not hearty like I am used to at good Italian restaurants.  All the great reviews, including personal friends that have come here and enjoyed it, left us lacking.And the service was slow.  There was barely anyone else in there in the middle of the day (5-6ish), and our server was still running around in circles.  Took quite a while for us to get the food as well, which is normally not a big issue, but there was quite a bit of a wait in between appetizer and entree.  Not sure if that had to do with the server or not.Went with a canoli for dessert.  That was pretty good actually.I told myself I would try it again, to give them a second chance, since everyone else seems to love it.  But with the experience I had, I will not be running back anytime soon, especially since I found a much better Italian spot in town recently.
4	Parma is an amazing place.  However, it is WAY off the Strip which is probably why it is so good.  My wife had the Bollognese.  The pasta was homemade and incredible.  I had the Tuscan Ribeye.  It was cooked perfectly(medium rare) and I had plenty left over for lunch the next day.The atmosphere is very casual.  You can sit at a table or there are couches with coffee tables you can enjoy your dinner at as well.  The wine list is VERY reasonable.  We had the Tobin James "Notorious" Cabernet.  It was wonderful and what I expect out of a Paso Robles Cabernet.So, if you are in Vegas and want to eat off the Strip, go to Parma!  You get great food and service without Strip prices.
5	Holy cannoli this place is delish! Pretty much my favorite Italian joint in Las Vegas. Skip Olive Garden and go here! Sure it's a little out of the way but it's totally worth it. I've been here 3 times and every time my boyfriend and I split an order of the gnocchi. I've had the chicken parm and a few other chicken dishes - all cooked to perfection! *Side tip. If there are a few things you want to try why not split it? Every meal I've gotten they've allowed us to split. I was going to knock them down a peg for the last meal I had there. We wanted lasagna but was told it was unavailable. Oddly enough their 'deconstructed' lasagna dish was available. It was messy to eat and came out cold. BUT this review's saving grace is the consistent service and relaxed atmosphere. Servers are always quick with water and bread. Ask them a question about a dish and they usually know the answer and then some. Tables are spaced nicely. You can relax on the couch with a glass of wine or push tables together to accommodate a party of 8. Most of the ingredients, pastas and breads you can purchase at the deli counter.
5	"Tomato Pie" OMG!!!!  Don's Tomatoe Pie is so good!!!  I haven't had Tomato Pie since I was home in Utica NY.  I went to The harvest Festival at Tavoli Square for the first time & saw a Food Stand for Parma of course I checked it out & there was Don Marc's brother selling Tomato Pie.  I originally bought 4 pieces but after tasting 1 I immediately returned to by 8 more!  For those of you that are not familiar with Tomato Pie its like pizza but only has sauce & grated cheese on it.  If made right it is better than pizza.  Of course Don's was made perfect!  The sauce & dough are what makes it & Don just nailed it!!!  If you love Pizza please I beg of you try Don's Tomato Pie at Parma it's great for dinner, lunch sporting events, parties or just for a snack!  Try it & let me know what you think!  Oh did I tell you it's like $25.00 for a big rectangular tray that is huge!
5	I was working here one day, and we decided to have lunch here instead of somewhere else. First and foremost, Im usually not a fan of delis, even really nice Italian ones like this because I am vegetarian and there is usually not much to offer me. But I decided on the eggplant parmesan sandwich, and was happily surprised!Their eggplant parmesan was definitely the best I have ever had: quality, flavor, portion size, everything was great! The only thing I cannot comment on is price, because my company paid, not myself, so I dont know what it cost. But it was pretty big and could easily be two meals for someone less gluttonous than myself.Also the owner and staff are great, I highly recommend giving this place a shot!
5	If Chef Marc's were any better it would be on the front lines entertaining the troops, kicking taliban ass, while rebuilding local infrastructure and giving local children education. But wait it doesnt stop there. It would also come home a glorified war hero and help rebuild the American Economy and finally just FINALLY get rid of all today's shitty ass music and possibly resurrect Tupac...Anyway i never been here before but often hear the raves of Chef Marc and how totally awesome is it. Lately i've been hankering for some good Italian food. So i set up a UYE http://www.yelp.com/biz/tien-hosted-a-uye-uye-at-parma-by-chef-marc-las-vegas10 people all going for tasting menus with some opting for wine paring. I'm not exactly a wine kinda guy so just food for me. Tho their italian beers were quite nice.Cant exactly remember what we all ate but it was good. Damn good. If i wore panties they'd be dropped by the 3rd course. Oh and holy crap the bread is NICE!!! with the garlic butter on top and the balsamic vinegar and olive oil...sooooo niceSo going off of memory lets see what we had1 - Conch Salad - Very good texture, soft and not rubbery and oh so tender. Flavor was a little off for me but it opted a good opportunity to use the "real" salt they offered. Balanced quite nicely after that2 - Escargot (our special diet friends who opted not to have escargot got some kind of ravioli) - Two per person served on a slice of bread drenched in garlic butter with some herbs. Not exactly the freshest snails available but they did their best with what they had and it was no less then absolutely delicious 3 - Fried Brussels sprouts with some kind of spicy prawn - I've only eaten brussel sprouts on a handful of occasions. These were halfed then fried to give them a nice flavor. The spicy prawns...wow just wow these were nice and plump and had a mild rising heat to them. Again quite nice4 - Pasta with wild mushrooms in some kinda sauce with ham in it - Pappardelle Wild Mushroom- LoL at my naming of items. This was the highlight of my dinner. The absolute best thing in my opinion. Pretty sure it was fresh pasta seeing as i've never seen noodle that big only on TV. The sauce they whipped up to bind the pork and mushrooms together with the noodles...genius...Ask Christie O i kept trying to steal her togo box the entire night.5 - Some kind of fish... - Wild Snapper Livornese- Some kind of fish and a portion of a barley like grain served with a tomato based sauce and a few strips of broccolini. 6 - Dessert - Turamisu and Chocolate Mousse Cake - Holy crap the little square of Tiramisu was orgasmic. The other chocolate cake thingie was good but holy hell the tiramisu...I have finally discovered Chef Marc's...Now they will have to discover a way to keep me away.
5	if you want great italian food but not the super expensive prices and p.i.t.a. of driving and parking on the strip, parma is a great place to go. i recently had their tasting menu. conch salad, escargo bruschetta, brussel sprouts with spicy shrip, mushroom and sausage over pasta, uh... wait... yeah exactly what tien n. said on 11/28/12
4	This is one of my favorite local restaurants in town. I have been in mulitple times for both  lunch and dinner and each time the food has been amazing. They make their pasta in house, what's not to love? I've tried the mushroom agnoletti, the pasta fagioli (make sure to get a large, it isthat good), buccatini and papardelle bolognese. The papardelle is the bomb! It is on my top ten list of favorite dished in this city. Marc's food is as authentic as it gets in this city, he understands the mediterranean concept of simplicity. In Italy, the food is very simple, five ingredients max in a dish. If you use the best quality ingredients, you don't need anything else.The only reason I give it four stars, and really it is 4.7 is becaue of the service. I never encounter great service. And I know for a fact that they treat others better because I've seen it. They prefer an older, more sophisticated clientele. I don't know if Summerlin housewives really qualify, but whatever. When you visit, you should definitely check out thei rdeli counter for some formaggio, charcuterie and fresh pasta to take home. They also sell cans of San Marzano tomatoes, so you can mke everything fresh at home.
5	Holy Mario and Luigi. Now I know what it feels like when Mario eats one of those mushrooms and stomps on all those Goombas. By far the BEST authentic Italian experience that you can find here in Las Vegas. What's even better?! It's off the strip so you can enjoy reasonable prices and be spared the presence of annoying tourists. Magnificent tasting food, exceptional service and they have couches that you can sit or lay on as if you were in your own home. Whoever gave birth to Chef Marc needs to be applauded and given a nobel peace price.YOU MUST TRY THE TIRAMISU! YOU MUST TRY THE TIRAMISU! YOU MUST TRY THE TIRAMISU! YOU MUST TRY THE TIRAMISU! YOU MUST TRY THE TIRAMISU! YOU MUST TRY THE TIRAMISU! YOU MUST TRY THE TIRAMISU! YOU MUST TRY THE TIRAMISU! YOU MUST TRY THE TIRAMISU! YOU MUST TRY THE TIRAMISU! YOU MUST TRY THE TIRAMISU! YOU MUST TRY THE TIRAMISU! YOU MUST TRY THE TIRAMISU! YOU MUST TRY THE TIRAMISU! YOU MUST TRY THE TIRAMISU! YOU MUST TRY THE TIRAMISU!If you don't like the Tiramisu here then your parents must have only fed you out of the cheap freezer aisle at the local 99 cent store during your childhood life. Hell, I'll let you kick me in the balls and twist my little pink nipples if you don't think that the Tiramisu here is the absolute BOMB.Thank you Chef Marc! You're the best thing since my $400 Gucci wallet.
2	I did not enjoy my experience.  After reading the Desert Companion feature on Parma and all of the rave reviews on Yelp, this was especially disappointing.  The food was extremely bland - really, really bland, and the service left a lot to be desired.  Perhaps my experience was uniquely bad, but it was so bad that I will not be giving Parma a second chance.
4	Great quality food!  Confusing at first on seating and ordering.  Slow but worth the wait.  Italian beef sandwich is awesome!
1	i love good meats and was excited to try this place.  i walked in on a sunday for lunch and they were just serving a large table as i placed my single, cold sandwich order.  after a 20 minute wait, i told chef marc that i was in a hurry and he TOSSED the OPENED box containing my sandwich at me.  i was very surprised and laughed and asked for a napkin.  he said he thought i was in a hurry but if i had time, he would give me a napkin.  after explaining that i waited 20 minutes for a cold sandwich, he grumpily told just handed me a sandwich.  i half expect that from a server, but an owner that displays that kind of service, should not be in business.  the lady who placed the large to go order behind me was laughing in shock that he acted that way.  he lost a couple of customers today.   too bad, the sandwich meat was good.
5	Parma is delicious!  We stopped in for dinner and had no idea what to expect. There was seating on either side of the restaurant and then some couches and tables in the middle. We chose to sit at a half booth/table. The meal started off with complimentary garlic bread. I could have been fine with just eating the bread! It was hot, soft and some of the best I have ever had. I let the server know that and I was given a loaf to go at the end of the meal!They have a lunch and dinner menu. The dinner menu is basically salads, soups and pasta. The dishes range in price and the average pasta price was between $12-$18. There were some items on the menu that cost more. I was craving a sandwich and asked if they could make on even though it was the dinner menu.  The server checked and said I could order any of the cold sandwiched but not hot. That was perfect because I wanted a cold anyway. I ordered "The Parma". It had assorted imported Italian meats and cheeses. They have 2 sizes and I chose the smaller one and that was only $6.50! There was no masking the flavor this sandwich offered. The meat and cheeses had such wonderful taste. I will for sure order this again!The inside was very clean and the service was excellent. We would only take a couple drinks of our soda and it was being refilled.On Wednesday nights the server said they have pizza and only on that night. I'm going back to try that next!
4	Good food , slow afternoon,service was excellent. Enjoyed antipasti, at least five different meats, sliced cheese, olives, garbanzo beans tossed with oil. The toasted artisan bread served warm and had Parmesan cheese on top.  For my entree I had the baked pasta fazoletti, very cheesy!  For desert I got a chocolate chip cannoli.  My meal was very good and again, our service was excellent, a nice afternoon meal,
5	I was totally blown away by the food here.   It looks kind of unassuming when you first walk in and the prices seem a bit high, but after you try the dishes you realize it's well worth it.  Every dish is amazing.  And the place never gets old.  Chef Marc is always trying new things with the fresh ingredients he finds from the Farmer's market.  I got the pork chops when I came here and it was fantastic.
5	Ok, came back to give it another shot.  I am VERY glad I did!Started off with charred octopus and the escargot with truffle butter .  The octopus was very tender and had lots of flavor, nice burnt edges, adding great texture and flavor.  The escargot was super tender and packed with flavor, and the bread that was soaked in the butter and sauce was amazing, but the dry edges of the bread were a little hard and distracting.For dinner we went with the U10 sea scallops with squid ink, and the shrimp fra diavolo.  The scallops were buttery tender, great flavor, and the squid ink was a nice secret ingredient....weird, but worked well!  There were four of them, and all were excellent.  Just eat some breath mints afterwards lol.But the real winner here for the night was the Shrimp Fra Diavolo.  I LOVE spicy food....I have never heard of this dish!  This dish was AMAZING.  There was so much flavor packed in every bite, I wish there was more broccoli on the plate.  Why?  Because the little broccoli are saturated with all the goodness of the plate, and hide tons of it inside their leaves.  Explosions in your mouth....seriously!  Garlic, oil, herbs, everything...nice!And to finish, we went with an almond chocolate mousse.  Super light and "fluffy" insides, this dessert packed tons of chocolate flavor in each bite.So is it all perfect here?  Food wise, absolutely.  Completely different experience than the last....in a good way.But I got the same server as last time.  My service was slow again, wine going dry the whole night for more than 5min+ at a time, I waited to be asked for dessert after my plates were pulled, for over 10min.  After my dessert plate was pulled, I was given my check almost 15min later.  Good thing I was not in a hurry to be anywhere.  Nice guy, but not what one looks for in a server...sorry.But even this server could not ruin our night.  The food was exceptional, and I WILL be back again....although I will be requesting another server next time around.
5	Parma is by far my favorite Italian restaurant in town. I've been to Parma a few times and have never had a bad experience, the service is great and the food is top notch. The menu changes frequently, my husband had a spicy pork chop which was unlike any other we've ever had, the spices and flavoring leave you craving more. If you haven't tried Parma you have no idea what your missing!
5	Just saw the Parma episode of Mystery Diners. While I've never been to the restaurant, what I saw of the owner makes me want to go the next time I'm in Vegas.  Chef Marc, you are a good man and a caring owner. If the food is as good as the other reviewers say, then you have a home run. Keep up the good work.
5	The anticipation to come into this restaurant has been huge. I finally got here with my son for a lunch. We were warmly greeted and found some seats near the deli counter. Our waitress asked if we had ever been here before and when we told her we hadn't she explained the menu to us. I ordered the Parma and my son ordered the chicken parm sandwich. It took a while for the sandwiches to come out and when they did they look delicious. I can only say that my son inhaled his. How in the heck can an Italian sandwich taste so good?! Its the high quality meats that Chef Marc uses. I can not wait to come back for dinner. I have craved the BEST sandwich in Las Vegas since I left and I want more!!!
4	We were in Las Vegas and made the effort to drive to Parma (we saw it featured on Mystery Diners) and boy was it worth it! The decor was so relaxed and cozy and the service was wonderful. The food was amazing! Warm delicious bread, made to order lunch and a sweet and flavorful cannoli to top it off! I wish I didn't live so far away....will stop in again when  find myself in Las Vegas! Kudos to Chef Marc!!
5	Parma is one of those places where the food is so good that if it fell on the floor, I'd still eat it. No 10 second rule.No shame.I would legit, scrape everything off of the floor and eat it.Because it would still be better than 90% of the food being slopped around in Las Vegas restaurants, some of which has fallen on the floor without your knowledge.Parma looks like it might be a chain restaurant-the sign is generic and it's in this tiny strip mall, sharing space with a Trader Joe's and a K-Mart, but outside of that, there is nothing generic or conventional about it. Step inside and the setting is kind of romantic with low lighting, intimate seating and a cozy lounge. You'll forget that someone rushing to get toilet paper at K-Mart almost just mowed you down in the parking lot.The food here is something to be celebrated. The menu here is a combination of main staples and specials of the day which keeps things fresh and interesting. More importantly, everything here just tastes like love! Who says that? I just said it! I brought my mom here, the pickiest eater I've ever met besides the 9 year old I nannied for in college, and she had not one complaint. Only the second time this has happened....in my life. On our visit, we had the beet salad which was enough to split between two people. The beets were fresh and we got a variety of colors which made for a pretty presentation. The dressing that came with it was simple but really brought all of the flavors of the salad together. My mom got some kind of cod and I got the pork chop "el chico" which was basically an enormous, quality pork chop with a sweet/hot pepper sauce. Like I said, my mom is the worst dining companion ever because she hates everything, but she  liked her fish so much that she was making audible noises of satisfaction when eating, which was embarrassing and satisfying at the same time. (I love to say "I told you so" when it comes to picking restaurants.)I know some would consider it blasphemy to go to a place like this and not order pasta, but I didn't on my first visit. So when I came back with some friends, I dipped into their pasta selection with chicken riggies, ravioli and wild mushroom papardelle. It was hard to pick a favorite, but because I am partial to meat in my pasta, I was really surprised by how flavorful and complex the papardelle was-so amazing! I've had freshly made pasta before, but Parma has the best execution, cooking the pasta to perfection and not over or under-saucing it.  The staff is friendly and eager to share recommendations. They have a decent wine list and if you have a favorite you'd rather bring instead the corkage fee is only $10! What I like so much about this place is that their non-pasta dishes shine just as much as their pasta dishes- so hard to find when it comes to Italian food.  I'm so excited to have found a place that just loves to make incredible food as much as I love to eat it and can't wait to go back!
5	So my friend, Mike C. took me here.  I had never heard of the place, but it has really good reviews (I guess I'm not such a Las Vegan anymore).  Well, I'm going to agree with the majority because this place really good food.  I'm not so into Italian anymore, but I really enjoyed it all from the deconstructed lasagna, some chef special that was made which I can't remember, the octopus was great, and service was quite excellent.  The chef himself just asks how you're doing, and tries to help you out in any fashion if you have any questions.  The place is cozy and clean, it's a small and simple menu, but the main point for me is that they make the food good.  They certainly filled that job by making it great with that home cooking taste, but in a passionate and special way.  Good and friendly service, good food, clean and cozy atmosphere.   This does deserve 5 stars.
5	We were in Vegas and decided to try this place after seeing it on Mystery Diner on the Food Channel.  The food was great, especially the sandwiches and eggplant.  The service was outstanding and the atmosphere was very casual.  There were eleven of us and it was nice to eat family style on the couches and coffee tables in the middle of the restaurant.  Enjoy!
4	I found Parma on Yelp because we were looking for a new Italian place to try.  It was a drive for us from the east side to the west but based on the reviews we decided to give it a try.  It was easy to find and the lot was full.  As we opened the door we were met by this 6' 5" or so guy who just shouted out "do you have a reservation?"  that kind of put us off as we did not and not even a welcome to parma, how are you this evening,  nothing.  He said I can put you over here and just sat us at a table, no menus!  a couple minutes later a long came some fantastic bread and finally a waiter who asked if we had menues.  By this time we were thinking we made a big mistake, but the place was full, no empty tables.  During the course of the next 20 minutes or so we watched at least 4 groups of 2 -5 walk in the door and out the door because they had no reservations.  This place could use more tables and getting rid of all the sofas and chairs in the middle of the dining room would be a great help.  We never seen anyone use them.  What a waste of space and the loss of customers and revenue.  Since the tables are so close to each other we seemed to be joined in the conversations from tables on both sides of us.  All anyone could say was this was the best food in town and we come here every week and so on.  We ordered, wine, Antipasto plate - which was huge and full of meats, cheese, olives, tomatoe and salad and enough for the 3 of us.  We had the piatta, the parmigano and the parpadelle and were just amazed at how great this food was.  It had to be the best Italian meal I have ever had outside of a couple trips to the italian hillsides.  We can not wait to come back to this great little gem.  The host needs to loosed up and smile and be more personable to customers and they need to clear the way of those sofas for about a dozen more table or so.  Had it not been for the host and the slow service at the beginning I would have rated this a 5 star and maybe after our next visit I will.  The table next to us asked to see the owner and was told he had just opened a new Pizza Restaurant, We did not get the name but look forward to trying it next.You just cant go wrong here, the 3 of us with wine the antipasto and 3 entrees came to $101 before the tip.  P.S.  they just dont stop bringing you this wounderful bread.ENJOY!
3	Went to Parma last night for dinner.  Had an arugula salad which was just ok for me but others loved it.  We also had an order of the beet salad at the table and that was delicious.  The wait staff was very friendly and service was great.  I ordered the linquini with clams (red sauce) and the fresh clams were excellent, the noodles were cooked perfectly, but there was something in the red sauce that was very very salty.  The top half of the dish was excellent and then I hit the salty portion and it was awful.  I will go again but will try a different dish and hopefully can change the 3 stars to 5 stars.
5	Chef Marc's consistently exceeds the 5 star mark!  I had a stellar lunch here a few months back and BF had been wanting to try Chef Marc's for dinner because he had read a yelp about the Chef's Table menu.  I had worried about the dinner atmosphere and being rushed because the place isn't overly large.  I gladly admit that I couldn't have been more wrong.  We arrived a couple minutes early for our Saturday night dinner reservation and were immediately seated.  This place was hopping, so reservations are recommended.  To our delight Diane, our delightful star server from our previous visit was working!We brought a special bottle of wine that we had been waiting to enjoy for quite a while.  They only charge a $10 corkage fee and welcome you to bring your own if you wish.  Alright now here's where it gets really good!  Enter the four course Chef's Table menu; it's not a menu per say, as it's 100% unique to every customer's palate.  It's more of a concept.  When we told our server that we wanted to try the the Chef's Table she asked us for our preferences, food allergies, etc. Chef Marc takes this info and hand picks 4 courses meant to please your taste buds.  At $50pp with optional $20 wine pairings, it's such a steal.  It's nothing like many strip restaurants where 4 courses = 4 bites.  This is the highest quality food with generous portions.  If you already know that you want to try the Chef's Table, go ahead and let them know when you make your reservation to save some time, otherwise it takes a little longer than ordering from the regular menu.First course we were treated to a seared octopus salad with green apples, carrots, celery, and chickpeas.  This was my favorite dish of the night.  The octopus had been marinated, which made it extremely tender and completely infused with flavor.  Since we brought our own wine, we didn't opt to do the parings.  They are so thoughtful that brought us a small glass of Chenin blanc to have with the octopus, as the wine we brought wasn't ideal with this dish.Second course we enjoyed pappardelle pasta with olive oil, sauteed mushrooms, and thick generous chunks of prosciutto.  If I had this to do over, I might have saved half of my pasta to bring home, because it is extra filling.Third course entrees - #1 was grouper with ratatouille and broccolini.  #2 Veal saltimbocca.  Both were delicious!Fourth course was rum cake, choc cake with raspberry sauce, the most delicious canoli ever, and fresh strawberries and blackberries.  Per our request they happily prepared it in a to go box for us.  This is a wonderful date spot that I can't recommend enough.  The staff is very friendly and accommodating and the food is absolute perfection.
5	Food and Wine were excellent as always will return again very soon. The veal was fantastic.
5	Finally gave this a try for Lunch and answered the age old question, "where's the beef?"... the beef is clearly at Parma and it is in the Italian Beef sandwich. I would happily eat this every day and not be mad at myself when I gained a few hundred pounds.Friendly service, nice atmosphere and great food! Can't beat that. We met up with Mario S. for lunch as he had not tried the food here yet either.I can't speak for Mario, who ordered the Chicken Parm sandwich, but mine was awesome! By far the best Italian Beef sandwich I have ever had. The bread was perfect and they pack the sandwich with beef.They had a special going where if you join their text mailing list, you get a free mini-cannoli. Yes please. We each got a mini-cannoli and they were about as good as they come. Took home a loaf of bread as well... it's pretty much gone already. Looking forward to more visits to Parma.
5	This place is 5 star italian food all the way around. The ingredients are fresh and never frozen. Its a very small place but very family friendly. They have couches to sit and relax and have a family dinner. We usually order the antipasto salad and the chicken riggies. The food is usually enough to split as far as entrees go. Chef Marc's food is phenomenal and you should check out his 2 other restaurants in vegas. Ive tried mezzos also very good italian.
4	Their menu changes nightly. Comfy atmosphere and fresh Italian with nice service.
4	I like this place alot. They have very good prosciutto di parma. It is very expensive but worth it.  I also tried their lunch menu.  I got the italian beef sandwich which was really good. the only complaint is after a while the bread makes your jaw tired. Overall i will try it again
5	simple review... this place is outstanding!!!
5	Came here with my girlfriend for lunch.  The spaghetti bolognese which was fantastic.  My girlfriend ordered the lasagna which was also very good.  After our meal we were offered free cannolis for desert.  The service was better than you would get at a lot of high end restaurants on the strip.
5	So I ate at Parma tonight. Far surpassed any meal I've had on the strip of celebrity chefs. Chef Marc is from a city in up state NY that is known for its old school Italian food. In Marc's Early days he quickly rose to the top of the cities best chefs. As he left to expand his culinary skills. Traveling across Italy,he returned with a vast knowledge of the food as well as the wine. Parma is a true blend of his passion and knowledge. As a restaurant owner of 27 yrs inspired by chef Marc's earlier days. I was highly impressed by not only chef Marc's food but his staff. If you are a local embrace it. If you are visiting take the short ride from the strip. You won't be sorry.                                                                              Inspired once again
4	Had a birthday celebration dinner courtesy of my wife at Parma.  It was our first time here, and my wife was looking for an elegant restaurant for an upscale dinner.  She was a little taken back when we first entered to what seemed a little less classy than what she anticipated.  But, soon all went well when the lights were dimmed and the waiter recommended a Pinot Grigio that was smooth and delicious to be followed by a veal saltimbuco for her and chicken parmigiana for me.  Both dishes the best we've ever had.  We spent a memorable evening, and now count ourselves as enduring fans.
5	Amazing food! We tried Parma based on the positive reviews, and have to say this is the best Italian we can remember! Truffle Mac n cheese is outstanding, linguini & clams was perfect, and the Parma salad is delicious!
1	I do not usually write reviews to restaurants but I do feel the need on this one. I had seen this restaurant on the food network as an undercover show and was very inspired by the owner that he would ever consider keeping an employee that was stealing from him but that's a whole different deal. Before going I had looked on yelp and their web site at the menu and reviews so I was really looking forward to going to a good Italian restaurant for a change. How ever that did not happen . My wife and i left California a couple of hours early to hopefully have lunch and check into our hotel as we pulled the parking lot the building seemed a little smaller than expected and the parking lot did not seem full at all we arrived at about 12:30 pm as we walked in we were not greeted by any employees working in fact the exact opposite we were totally ignored as one of the waiters walked within  five feet of us and said nothing at that point we started to look around the restaurant a little closer and noticed at least ten tables that had not been cleared with only about five or six tables being used after waiting about five min to get noticed and tired of the chef yelling that orders were up we left very disappointed really too bad we really wanted to try there food long way to drive for nothing we ere there. Sunday 3-24-13
5	So good. So full. Need nap... ....Zzzzzzzzz....
5	My husband and I decided to make the drive to Parma last night for dinner. I was really in the mood for some fresh pasta and with their awesome reviews, we figured it had to be good. We were not disappointed! We called ahead to make a reservation and when we got there they didn't have a table, but they seated us on a couch in their lounge. The host was extremely friendly and talked to us about the menu while we waited. They also brought out bread and water, which was incredibly thoughtful.We were seated at a table a few minutes after hanging out in the lounge. The complimentary bread is delicious and topped with fresh parmesan cheese. They have olive oil and balsamic on the table if you would like to create a dip, which of course we did. We decided to start with the house salad and were incredibly happy that we did. It has a light oil dressing, apple strips, nuts, and a mound of fresh ricotta. The ricotta is so silky smooth and rich. Everything worked well together and the fresh pepper they added to the top really made the flavors sing. I moved on to the sausage and spinach ravioli with Sunday sauce. They were stunning! I received the perfect size portion, about 6, and cleaned my plate with a little help from my husband. The sausage flavor was prominent, but you could still taste the spinach, cheese, and incredible sauce. My husband had the pappardelle bolognese and it did not disappoint. The meat sauce was delicious and there were carrots and peas mixed in as well. The pasta was delicate but cooked to a perfect al dente so it didn't fall apart. Not only was the food amazing, but the service was great too. We really felt like we were part of the family. I also love that they have a deli counter with all sorts of Italian delights. In addition, they sell their fresh pastas and sauces so you can make a delicious dinner very easily at home. A restaurant serving this caliper of food could easily be stuffy and formal, but the lounge and deli counter really bring it back down to earth. I also love that they change their menu almost nightly, it makes it easy to try all sorts of new dishes. We will definitely be back!
5	Parma is the one and only Italian restaurant in Las Vegas as far as I'm concerned. Growing up with a full blooded Italian mother who was a awesome cook, no place seemed very good. Until I ate at Parma, chef Marc came to the table and explained to everyone what they had chose and why he made it the way he did. The food was awesome, the service was great, and the garlic bread was to die for. I have gone 3 times in the last month and every time I have been impressed with the food.
3	Went to Parma last night for dinner, first time. Went based on Yelp and other reviews being outstanding. It was disappointing. Got there just before they reopened at 5:05. Were seated fairly quickly, being we were the only customers, but the person who seated us seemed put out because we didn't have a reservation. One server took our orders (we had 3 serve us, the original was started serving a party and just ignored us) and disappeared, only saw him once until the check, which he delivered after we asked for it.  We got the appitizer of portabello mushrooms with spinich and melted cheese--was VERY GOOD, but delivered by another server. I was thinkiing this was going to be as good as the reviews. This is when the service deteriorated. Our drinks were empty from the time the app came until our entrees, mine a full 3 minutes before the rest of the table was served their entrees. I got the special, veal over brocolini, tasty but not remarkably so. The side of fettucini with sunday sauce was plain, not much taste. My wife had the ravioli, sauce runny, ravioli need to bathe in the boiling water for another minute or two, very very aldente and overall plain. Another in our party got the lasagna, said was plain lasagna nothing special. The overall meal was just plain, not much flavor to the food, except the app. Service was spotty at best. I rated a 3 because of the app and my entree, would have been a 2 for service and the other entrees. Sorry to burst the 5 star bubble for some, but I call them as I see them. For the money I will go to Carrabas.
5	Parma is incredible! The unique flavors of the food are complimented by amazing service. (Thank you, Diane! You are amazing!) You cannot go wrong.We discovered Parma through Yelp, and are so happy that we did. We enjoyed the casual-yet-beautiful atmosphere and the delicious food.
4	Nothing fancy here. Just good homemade Italian cooking. Cafe Parma is an authentic Italian deli with a restaurant included. They make their own noodles, sauces, meatballs and sausages daily, all of which are available to go. The plates are large and reasonably priced. The cannoli may have been the best I have ever had.
5	While vacationing in Las Vegas, we were lucky enough to have gone to Parma.  A friend's relative recommended Parma as we never would have ventured to it.  It was a winning find for us, so much so that we booked a second visit for Sunday.  I loved the casual feel of the center section with couches available for a glass of wine. Our server Diane was friendly, knowledgeable and generous-thank you.  Starter- great garlic bread, perfectly toasted and seasoned. The wine is reasonably priced and well selected. We enjoyed a bottle of Friulano- Bastianich.Appetizers- Pasta Fagioli-homemade, my husband loved it.  Parma  salad - huge amount of arugula, olives, walnuts, Parmesan cheese, mushrooms, artichokes and lightly dressed, just right. Entrees- Gnocchi in a light cream with Speck, unbelievable.  It was like going to heaven and coming back to tell about it.  Jumbo Shrimps Fra Diavlo with homemade  spaghetti.  I thoroughly enjoyed it, just the right amount of kick, and the shrimps were cooked perfectly. By now we are beyond stuffed and Diane brings out prosciutto & provolone cheese.  Delicious but we took that home along with an extra order of fresh mozzarella.Now for dessert.  An order of lemon ricotta cheesecake, not traditional but good. To finish of us off, Diane brought out a mini cannoli and a piece of rum cake - they were outstanding.  It was a food love fest throughout the entire evening. We wish we had Parma II in New Jersey.
4	I went here for lunch.  I was warned that the dinner menu is better and offers more but since I work in the area, I might as well come here for lunch.  I had the Campania (a cold sandwich with mozzarella, balsamic vinegar, basil, tomatoes) - pretty much a caprese salad in sandwich form.  It was as good as a caprese salad sandwich can get.  The ingredients they used were fresh. I also got the Baked Pasta Fazoletti (parpadelle with ground beef, ricotta, mozzarella and marinara) and it was delish. Pasta was cooked al dente.The service was excellent and our server was attentive.  I'd have to come back here for dinner.
5	Stopped for lunch...great service..The food was scrumptious. The ziti was homemade with sauce like mom makes. Try the Parma sandwich...what an Italian sub should be! We took food home too...
4	Yelp made me do it.  The reviews were too good to miss and a cross town trip of nearly 20 miles was insufficient deterrent to share a meal with a new friend.  The service was enthusiastic, friendly and charming.  A Prosecco split kicked things off, followed by a split Parma salad that was more than sufficient for an opening round.  My dining partner was keeping it light with pasta fagioli and I opted for linguine with clams and white wine.  A white Veneto accompanied most appropriately.All I can say is "amazingly satisfying".  There's an art to keeping it simple,  unpretentious and Parma pulls it off like a clean apron.  I only wish I lived closer.The deli section demands a return trip - Percorino, salami - the works.Diane is so pleasant, she's right out of Central Casting.  Delightful.5 stars reserved for the truly killer spots.  Parma's not far off.
4	Having just returned from Italy, I was excited to try Parma; very high yelp ratings, a video explaining how they are so authentic, a passionate chef.  Grab a couple of hungry poker buds, order a ton of food and...Papardelle Bolognese - sheets of perfectly cooked hand made pasta drowned in a thick, meaty, sweet and acidic Bolognese drizzled with olive oil.Me:  "What a waste of really good pasta. It's drowned in sauce".Them:  "This is great.  Lots of meat".Shrimp Fra Diavolo - Large, sweet, properly cooked shrimp with a spicy aribata sauce on pasta with broccolini.Me:  "Why are these on the same plate?  Primi, secondi, and contorno served together?"Them:  "Everything taste so good together"Fiori di zucca (Tuscan classic, batter coated, deep fried zucchini flowers) with marinara sauce?  Me:  "What the?  Marinara sauce?  It's supposed to be served plain so you can taste the sweet, vegetal flower and enjoy the richness of the oil and crunch of the coating".Them:  "Man, these are so good.  The more sauce the better".Authentic Italian? No way!  What's wrong with calling it Italian STYLE cuisine?  Don't misunderstand, I think the food is excellent. Market driven menu that constantly evolves.  Outstanding Italian inspired sandwiches.  The Bologna with a great imported mortadella, provolone and drizzle of red wine vinaigrette that brings out the sweetness of the mortadella and milkiness of the cheese; Excellent.  The Campania  with fresh mozzarella, fire roasted peppers, pesto, basil, fresh tomato, and a balsamic vinaigrette; a vegetarian's delight.Good, friendly service.  Trattoria wine list, well chosen simple wines at reasonable prices.Them:  "Are you enjoying yourself?"Me:  "Heck yeah!"  Living life, having a loud, jovial argument about food, kickin it with good company.  Maybe this place is more Italian than I thought.
1	I gave this place five stars originally, as our first visit was tremendous. The food, no matter what, is amazing. The service, however, depends entirely upon one person (Diane).We have been five times. As I say, the first time was amazing... outstanding food, a very inviting atmosphere, and impeccable service from our waitress, Diane.The last four times have convinced us never to enter the restaurant unless Diane is there. The "gentleman" who seems to manage the place during the day time is so aloof and downright rude that you leave the restaurant upset that you gave anyone there any money.On our last dining experience two groups--one on each side of us--both expressed the same sentiments. The staff during the day is horrible, and it affects the entire experience of dining.It is a shame, Chef Marc, that you do not have better people representing your restaurant. Let me say this to you and to everyone considering dining here: if Diane is there, you will love this place. If she is not, you will despise it... despite the incredible efforts of the kitchen staff.I won't be going back for a considerable time, and never during the daytime.
5	Chef Marc is awesome. He used to have a restaurant over on Lake Mead and it was just as good as the new location. Chef Marc also has a little store for for canned goods and noodles, etc. He also has a deli in this restaurant. You can go and get a nice sandwich or anything from his menu to-go. The restaurant is very casual and has some really nice couch seating as well as tables. The service here is excellent and the restaurant is fairly small. If you go more than once, they will definitely remember your name.Everything on this menu is just as good as the food I had in Italy. Trust me on this, I have spent way too much time in Italy. Chef Marc actually takes groups of people to Italy on a cooking experience. Anyhoo back to the food. If you go here, just let Chef Marc make you whatever he wants. He will ask you some dietary questions and then get to work. The food he sends out will make you think you are in Italy. It will actually blow your mind. You won't believe you are sitting in a strip mall next to Trader Joe's.I can't even recommend one thing specifically because I actually love everything on the menu.
5	Never had the pleasure of dining at Marc's Italian Steakhouse but we ate at Mezzo several times a month when Marc was there. Parma is every bit as good and in some ways better.The atmosphere is very casual but the food is extremely serious. Seared octopus is both tender and charred (really hard to do), the Zuppa of clams and/or mussels is the best in town, same for the eggplant parmigiana. I enjoy plain Veal Milanese, which is not on the menu but they make it for me when they have the Veal. If they have the special Wild Boar Ragu on Pappardelle, don't miss it.This is the best neighborhood Italian that I know of in Las Vegas and we have searched! Pretty much everything is good and while not cheap, it's certainly worth the price charged. After reading this review we may go tonight, wish they had pizza a few more days a week, oh well...
4	I finally found a good Italian deli here in Las Vegas.  My only complaint is the bread on my capicola sandwich was a little tough.
5	My husband and I saw this place on Mystery Diners and were interested in trying it. There are a lot of ethnic restaurants here but I have not found too many that I would go back to again and again. Parma is definitely going to be a return spot. My husband and I ate there last night and were extremely happy with our meals and the service. As soon as we entered we were sat and our waitress, Diane was with us within a few minutes. When we arrived it was "Dinner time" and neither of us were too interested in anything on the dinner menu we both really just wanted sandwiches which would be considered their lunch menu.  Diane was more than accommodating, I ordered the Chicken Parmigian sandwich (which is only available in a large) and my husband got a large turkey. Both sandwiches were amazingly delicious. The turkey was flavorful and moist and the chicken parm sandwich was huge (I only ate half) it was hot, cheesy and had the other diners eyeballing it. For desert a cannoli, which was also amazing. Don't hesitate to try this place it so worth it!
5	My boyfriend and I were in the area this weekend and didn't know where to eat lunch. We searched Yelp and this restaurant had the best rating in the area so we decided to check it out (thanks fellow Yelpers!). Plus the name sounded a tad familiar...Food Network?I am so glad we dined here. All of the pastas are made from scratch -- from penne, rigatoni, spaghetti, elbow, linguini and more. I went with the rigatoni & pink sauce and added a grilled chicken breast ($12). My take? The sauce tantalized my taste buds, the rigatoni was amazing and perfectly al dente. I only wish the portion size was bigger because I polished it off quickly. The chicken was a touch overcooked and they took it back without me even saying a peep. My boyfriend opted for the chicken parm sandwich (large - $12.95). His take on the sandwich? Those were no little, over breaded chicken fingers slapped on a hoagie. Oh no, this was a hand pounded, full chicken breast, topped with mozzarella cheese & marinara sauce all sandwiched between two down right delicious pieces of garlic bread. He wouldn't stop raving about it. The whole menu is a smorgasbord of Italian delights. We want to go back and try dinner service!When we mentioned to our server that we had never been there before, he brought us out another complimentary (dinner sized) dish just for us to try! We were blown away. The pappardelle noodles in this 3rd dish were SOO good...they were light and perfectly cooked. I would definitely order that the next time we dine in. We were so impressed with the customer service of our server, Mike. This small gesture will make us repeat customers. Bravo! Mike also informed us that if we texted "Parma" to 90210 we would receive two free cannoli's. Man, were they tasty! Love those little chocolate chips :) We could barely walk out by the end of lunch. lol.The restaurant also has a full deli service counter where you can take home fresh prosciutto or a pound of mozzarella. They have take-out as well so you can come pick up a sandwich on the fly. They also have a mini store in the front where they sell noodles, sauces, peppers and more.Love, love, love!!!
5	Had this for the first time Monday night, and we're already getting food from here again tonight (Thursday).  Seriously, it's that good, the service is great, the menu changes and there's a great wine listing!  Not sure what to eat tonight, but the portabello stuffed mushrooms are a must.  The sausage and spinach ravioli was great, and my girlfriend's butternut squash ravioli was delicious too.  She is Pescatarian, and there's a lot of vegetarian/fish options as well!Cheers,Jared
5	This was my first time at this restaurant and I chose to go here because I'd seen it on an episode of Food Network's Mystery Diners.  It's definitely got an interesting vibe to it, being part deli, part lounge and part restaurant.  The waiting/lounge area consists of several easy chairs and couches where you can peruse the menu at a comfortable pace before being seated.  The meal started out with the typical Italian dinner fare of garlic bread with oil.  The bread is made fresh and was absolutely AMAZING!!  Of the four different meals my group ordered, all of them were excellent!  Again, everything's made fresh that day or fresh as of the time your order was placed.  The Chicken Riggies (what I had) was an awesome blend of peppers, chicken, mushrooms and marinara.  The Chicken Parmesan (what my wife had) was fantastic and HUGE.  The chicken breasts where both easily the size of one of my hands!  We came towards the end of the business day and were given a loaf of bread to take home since they will make the bread fresh the next day.  It was awesome, even a couple of days later!  Chef Marc stopped by and chatted for a bit about his visits to Wisconsin where I live.  I even got a picture with him due to his "celebrity" status.  This place is head and shoulders above the best chain Italian restaurants!  Altogether, it was an excellent experience, one I'd recommend to anyone going to Vegas who'd like to get off The Strip, and one I'll visit for sure whenever I get back to Vegas!
5	Decided to give Parma a shot due to all the great reviews on Yelp.  And I must agree with the many Yelpers that this place is tasty.  The fresh noodles make a world of a difference compared to normal dried insta-boil noodles.  Price is high but you get what you pay for.
5	Ate here when I was in las vegas in May.  All I can say is Wow!  Was tipped off to this place by a pit boss at the M.  Some of the best Italian and continental  food I have tasted.  Everything made fresh with quality ingredients.  What a difference well made fresh pasta makes. Service was fast and efficient.The cesar salad dressing was spot on.  The Bolognese I had was off the charts.  My wife had short ribs that tasted amazing.  The desserts are homemade by a member of the Chefs family.  The rum cake and the connoli  are the real deal.  Great food at less than strip prices in a casual friendly atmosphere.  Get off the strip,and eat here!
5	I LOVE how this place looks. Very authentic design. Even our server had an Italian accent that really reminded me of our rude servers on our trip to Italy. Our server here at this place was of course nice. heheheI like the deli set up. It gives you this type of vibe that it is owned by one of "them wise guys" and they do some illegal dealings in the back of this place, you know? I LOVE THAT! Oh I love their wine too. Get some wine!!!! I had the colossi rosso with some pasta. FOOD is GREAT. I love the mushroom with spinach and cream sauce appetizer. I wish I knew the recipe since this place is like 3 hours away from my place.It is far from the Vegas strip. Restaurants in Vegas are overrated. I like this alot. Good service and nice ambience. I would not say it is romantic, but it is relaxing. It has that sort of friendly/family vibe. I like it. Oh if they do not have what you want on the menu, don't worry. Tell them what you want they can make it for you. The guy said the menu changes everyday. That is just great.
5	If i could give it 6 stars I would! I found this place, via Yelp, because we are so sick of eating at the overly priced places on the strip and the madness we wanted to go where the locals go.Man, this place was it!! The last time I had such good Italian food was in Italy! I'm from LA and have lived in NYC, but this is seriously the best Italian food I have had in this country!The pasta and sauces really are homemade and delicious! The service was outstanding and a very "home"-like atmosphere. Definitely will go back and take people with me.
5	I was at Parma once before to enjoy one of Nelson Q.'s UYE with Chef Marc.  This time my wife and I came after a dance program for an early dinner.  In fact, we arrived just before 5 PM as they were setting things up for the evening's dinner service.  Tracy, our server, seated us and then went to get menus, dishes, and silverware.  While he was gone, Chef Marc came over and discussed the offerings for the night's menu.By the time Tracy came back with the menus, I already knew what I was having but my wife needed time to decide.  We ordered a house salad to share.  The salad had an oil and vinegar dressing and it had a dollop of fresh ricotta to enjoy. I got the salmon special which was a beautiful piece of salmon seasoned beautifully and cooked perfectly.  The salmon was on a bed of garlic spinach and some homemade pappardelle dyed with cuttlefish ink.  Excellent pasta, too.  My wife got chicken marsala that came with a side of rigatoni with red sauce.  She enjoyed it and I tasted the sauce and it was quite flavorfulFor desert, I asked Tracy about the size of the chocolate mousse cake and he said it was large and easily shared.  I was somewhat crestfallen because I wanted to enjoy one of the wonderful cannoli I had when I was here for the UYE.  I told Tracy I'd order some cannoli to take home if the cake didn't fill me up.  When he brought our cake, there was one of their small versions of cannoli as a complimentary treat--proof that you can have your cake and cannoli, too!  It was very much appreciated!Tracy was an excellent server.  Chef Marc is passionate about his food and he's a joy to talk to.  I'm looking forward to our next UYE here so I can have another of his 5 course special meals he designs for the Yelp group.
5	Loved this place, the food was excellent . I had pappardelle with wild mushrooms . DELISH ! Will be back very soon !
3	Only been here for lunch. Food was good, prices were pretty high though. Over $10 for a sandwich is definitely a little pricey. Like I said, the food was good, but not sure it's worth it.
5	This place is delicious !! Portions are big enough to share, bread is addicting, portobello mushroom app w spinach is a must. Wine list is reasonably priced with a good size selection. This is a hidden gem in summerlin !
5	Hidden Gem off the strip.Some people think the price of the dish makes the quality. Nope .. Sometimes the best dishes are not as expensive as those sold at the fine dining restaurants that people seem to flock to. I have to admit when my friend suggested this place for a 30th  birthday dinner we all had our doubts. Pretty off the strip and it was in a strip mall -_-After we had our bread we eased up a little. Amazing.... FILET MIGNON EL CHICO ~ HOLY MOLY this thing was massive. Had a little kick and heat with I loved. It was really the size of my face. Couldn't finish it all and we ate some back in L.A. was still amazing.ESCARGOT ~ Buttery. Love. PAPARDELLE BOLOGNESE ~ This was a little disappointingLINGUINI CLAMS ~ Money. Get this and the filet and you cant lose Will be back!
4	Parma has the feel of a neighborhood Italian restaurant. The staff is warm, inviting, and attentive. Many of the items change with availability of fresh seasonal ingredients although the chef has kept a set of classic recurring dishes - and by description alone all of the choices all sound delicious.Although Chicken Piccata was not on the menu, the staff was able to accommodate. Very well done, new goto Italian restaurant.
5	Excellent food & atmosphere! A group of friends & I shared (and enjoyed) the antipasto platter, a beet salad &  their delicious bread as we waited for our meal. We all agreed this would be an excellent meal after enjoying the first few bites. The group ordered the lasagna, eggplant Parmesan, veal parmesana (w/ sides of al dente rigatoni) & the spaghetti with a meatball & a sausage. Everyone licked their plates clean & chatted about how delicious it all was. Despite our full tummies we all topped our meal off with a cannoli. Couldn't have been more satisfied from start to end!
5	We all enjoyed our good and really appreciated the free cannolis when we joined via text.
5	We saw the restaurant on TV. Otherwise we would have never known about it. So, while vacationing in Vegas we decided to give it a try (we were there on August 31, 2013). It's modest, clean, pretty inside, and the staff were very down to earth, professional, and informative. Great so far, but what about the food???? Well, that's the big reason to visit Parma! We all had a different sandwich (we were there for lunch), and all 3 were GREAT! Casual feel, GREAT food, local feel, quiet and off the strip, and family friendly. And since they have a deli too, you can get all of those specialty meats and cheeses, etc to take with you! GREAT job PARMA!
5	This is a lunch review, so please bear in mind that they have a lunch menu that is different than the dinner menu!I was having a lunch meeting today on the West side and as my office is on the East side, original plan was to go middle to PF Chang... Hmmm I said, let me see what I can cook up as a  unique dining experience vs. high end Panda Express....Thankfully, a bunch of yelpers have recommended Parma and after reading Rod U's review and everyone's review, I was ready to rock and roll!First thing of course I discovered is that the menu for dinner which most reviewers discussed is not same as dinner.  Here are my thoughts.a.  Location - 4 star - Not bad considering I don't venture in this area.  Easy to get to right off the Summerlin Pkwy Buffalo Drive exit.  Plenty of parking in a nondescript strip mall.b.  Ambiance - 4 star - When I first walked in, it felt more like a deli compared to a restaurant like Nora's or something, but it was both funky and cool at same time. Reminded me of a coffee shop, a deli, a cafe, and a small restaurant all in one.c.  Service - I will say this is 5+ star.  Very friendly, very knowledgeable and very accommodating. They know their stuff and what the kitchen can do, so it makes it very cool to talk about the menu. d.  Menu - 4 star - their lunch menu features a few salads, antipasta, home made pasta, sandwiches both hot and cold, some soups.  I was so eager to try some of the yelping good ideas that I asked our waiter about what specials.  He quickly said that they can whip up some Linguine with Clams and / or Shrimp far diavolo.  We ordered this and some side salads.e.  Food - 5 star - The best thing started when I said, hey since both the pastas are not on the lunch menu, we will try it and can we split it.  Quickly the waiter said that since one was a red sauce and one was white, that it would not mix well and so when we said how about the spaghetti bolognese, he said PERFECT.  I have to say, the waiter, Mark I think handled this just right! Both dishes were fantastic.  The pasta was perfectly al dente and a bit smaller diameter compared to normal spaghetti pasta. I liked the texture and the feel when you were stuffing it all in your mouth.  It had the COMFY feeling!!!  The side salads were recommended and they were the right size and had just a bit of spiciness and it was perfect.f. Je ne sais quoi - 5 star +++ - This place has that "je ne sais quoi" , that "I don't know what" factor. It is the confidence in the kitchen, the knowledge of the staff, the coolness of funky ambiance of the restaurant, the home made pasta.  I am not sure but all of this combined makes for a most awesome experience!I will be coming back for lunch as it is so cool and relaxing.  I am also excited to come fo dinner with my wife as she loves Italian inspired food and so I cannot wait to try the dinner menu.GK says, if you are around for lunch, check this place out!
5	I must say that I am not at all a fan of Italian cuisine. The menus always seem the same and every thing has fancy names and taste the same, but come in different shapes. This is not the case at Parma. The dinner menu at Parma changes daily and so is never the same. When you walk in, you'll notice that there is a deli where you can purchase meats and cheeses. I can't remember what the exact description was of the food I ordered. I just know it was pasta served in the Sunday sauce. It was exceptional, amazing, WOW. I ate every last bit on my plate. I have heard that if there isn't anything on the menu that you want, you can call in advance and make special requests and the chef will accommodate your request. The staff is always very friendly and helpful when making suggestions for you. This is, for sure, HANDS DOWN, the best Italian restaurant I have ever been to. GO.
5	Sign up for Parma's VIP Club by texting "PARMA" to 90210 for a free cannoli when dining in! I'm all up on that.It's not salty.It's not greasy.NOT your normal italian fast food joint.The prices may not be for a poor college/high school student eating Mickey D's day in and out, but the quality of their ingredients calls for the price tag. I'd say it's -very- fairly priced. As in for the flavor and everything going into it, i feel like it's cheap. And if you really want to still go but your wallet is severely malnourished, their lunch menu is great! It's from 10AM-4PM!I think i read a review here about a weird clash of atmosphere, I'd agree, but it works.The food tastes so expensive yet the decor is so casual. The workers are friendly. It's a harmonious clash. I would say the feels is like strolling into a Chanel boutique with sweatpants on.The Riggies was amazing. Also their Parma Salad tasted BEAUTIFUL. Oh Lord, if the decor matched the food we'd be on the top floor of a huge building surrounded by crystal chandeliers. P.S. Rumcake. Cannoli. Chocolate cake. Tiramisu gets sold out regularly. The desserts are seriously delicious. Will return again, and again, and again...
5	Simply amazing. This has to be some of the best Italian food that I've had in my life. I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs which were fantastic! Their "Sunday sauce" is so delicious and pairs exceptionally well with their fresh made garlic bread. Perhaps the best part of Parma is the staff. Everyone is so warm and inviting. If you're a fan of delicious, well priced Italian food you should stop by Parma. You will not regret it.
5	A really great meal in an unusual setting. From the outside it doesn't look like much. Inside it's pretty casual. But right in the middle is a nice lounge seating area where I sat. Terrific house salad with fresh ricotta. Fantastic homemade paparadella (sp?) with bolognase. Lovely glass of wine. I chose to skip dessert   -- I was too full. At first I was a bit shocked that this simple meal came to $40, but on second thought I think it was worth every penny. The setting may not impress you, but the superb food and friendly service will.
3	I didn't have the 5 star experience here that everyone else seemed to have had. The food was good, but mine was barely warm. The service was very slow as well. The atmosphere is nice with the music and conversation being at the perfect level. The server was not very attentive and it took almost 10 minutes to even get a drink. Sorry to hurt this place's rating, but this was nowhere near a 5 star experience.
5	Love this place, I only have been for lunch. I can say that the Italian beef sandwich is to die for, it's not what you would get in Chicago, but it's damn good. Spicy, cheesy, with a great au jus. I have also enjoyed the eggplant Parmesan and have to say not to shabby. The service is ok, but for a quick lunch spot this is it.
3	Food has gone downhill vs when they opened about 4 yrs ago. Prices went waaaay up, attitude of wait staff is off the chart arrogant and they are a seriously disfunctional crew. Everything there is pasta for entrees. Not good if you want to avoid carbs. I will not return.
5	The basil sauce on the manicotti will blow your mind!   The pasta is perfectly cooked.   I'm an Italian chef and am never impressed but these guys do it right.  What a lovely experience.  Cold cuts are great.  Bolognese is great.  Manicotti is great.  The sauces are to die for.  What a gem!!
3	We loved the food!!! The service was not up to the standards that we expected from a "Marc's Restaurant". Food 5 stars and service 1. Not sure we will go back!
5	Excellent dinner and service with a casual atmosphere. Best Italian I have had in a long time. Chef Marc is welcoming and has authentic dishes he is proud to serve. We will return when we get back in town.If you live in Vegas you must go!
5	This is a local eatery and well worth the money. They would stack up well against any other small Italian eatery of this nature. This is not a "fine dinning" restaurant. Instead this is a small intimate local eatery worth a visit.
4	In vegas gir the week and reviews once again led me yo a hole in the wall w great food. The bolognese was full of flavor and the pasta was al dente perfect. All in all the service was good and we had a great dining experience.  I would go back if I was the repetitive diner. I like new things everytime so on to the next.
5	What's good enough for Nic Cage is good enough for me.Have been here twice now, both for lunch.   First time I got take out and did the Parma cold sandwich without cheese.   The guy helping me seemed a little preoccupied during the ordering process, and particularly when I was trying to get my iced tea I'd ordered.   A few minutes later I finally realized why he seemed to be brushing me aside (that's a strong way to put it, he was still friendly).   Nic Cage and his wife and son (presumably) were dining at one of the tables nearby.   Now there was a large part of me that wanted to be the annoying fan and run over and ask for him to do a scene of Bad Lieutenant from Port of Call (youtube this immediately if you're unaware).   Since his wife and kid were with him, I figured that might not be the best idea, so I settled for a scene from the Wicker Man instead.   Okay so I really just sat and did nothing and waited for my food.   When I ate it later at my office, I was greatly impressed.  A plethora of olives, pepperocinis and various italian meats.  I marked it as reason #41 why I will never go to a Subway by choice again and awaited my next opportunity to strike.Well that came yesterday, when I brought a co-worker with me for a sit down lunch.   I was dead set to try a pasta so I could have a more well rounded Yelp Review (I do it all for you guys).   Unfortunately while looking through the menu I couldn't shake the pics of the italian beef sandwich I'd seen in the pics section on this site.  I asked our extremely friendly and efficient waitress which I should get, the italian beef or the rigatoni and she said she hadn't had the rigatoni but the italian beef is amazing.   I mean she didn't even upsell me the extra $1.75 for the pasta.   Sorry Yelp, but the well rounded review will have to wait.  To go all 17 year old snapchatter on you:   OMG at this sandwich!!! :) :) :)     Just unbelievably stuffed full of juicy beef, pepperocini and with a healthy serving of lusciously melted cheese.   Then with a big bowl of au jus to dip it in.   I'm used to au jus from lesser quality restaurants being very thin and not extremely flavorful.   Not here.   Thick with beef flavor, because what you really need when shoving your mouth full of 2 pounds of beef on a sandwich is more beef flavor.    And you know what?  That's not all.  I'm pretty sure the bread was garlic bread.   In fact, I'm sure of it because the rest of the day my mouth couldn't shake that garlic flavor and flowers wilted when I breathed on them.    A+Refills on the iced tea came at a fast pace, and I even inconvenienced our poor waitress by asking for one to go, as well as by signing the wrong receipt on a 50/50 split check because I'm a massive idiot.  She took it all in stride.I promise, next time I'll try the pasta (and get a creepshot of Nic Cage)
5	Favorite place in town.. Every time I come always have an amazing time. Delicious great service and great ambiance.
5	Items selected:Warm Garlic BreadEscargot - Butter, Garlic, WineGnocchi Speck - Speck Cream Sauce and Sweet PeasPortobello Mushroom baked in cheese sauce over spinachBaba Au RhumCannoliDescribed as a traditional Italian Trattoria reflecting the culinary vision of New York born Chef Marc, Parma is one of those places that nearly every Las Vegas local sites as a reason for tourists to venture off strip - a simple, fun, relaxed place with remarkable food and equally impressive service but without the high prices intrinsic to the celebrity chefs on Las Vegas Blvd; it was a place I'd always wanted to visit but one not exactly easy to get to until this visit when I possessed a car and ample time to explore.  Large in size primarily due to the presence of the retail store and deli but with ample seating for guests in both the dining room and small lounge I was greeted first by the man who would serve as my waiter and then by a manager who seemed to know every other patron in the restaurant, both inquiring as to whether it was my first visit and offering suggestions regarding the menu - some accepted and some discarded in order to focus on items I knew to suit my fancy, each and every one a lesson in rustic Italian cooking with top quality ingredients, great depth of flavor, and ample portion.  Beginning first with hot garlic bread paired with olive oil and balsamic before progressing to an even more garlicky plate featuring eight tender snails on crusty bread with rich sauce I was shocked when the next two plates proved to be even better, one a 'salad' of crisp spinach topped with tender portabellas baked in parmesan cheese sauce and the other a pile of dainty potato gnocchi resting in smoky pork cream brightened up by fresh double shucked peas.  With each plate undoubtedly heavy yet finely balanced with no ingredient unnecessary or overwhelming the others it was with a touch of sadness that I realized I only had room for one dessert but deferring the tiramisu and strawberry cake for a later date I do not regret my decision to order the baba one bit, two slices of boozy rum cake lightly sweetened with confectioners' sugar and a ripe strawberry the only garnish necessary...plus a cannoli filled a la minute on the house, as though I needed further food or reason to return in the near future.
5	Saturday night my wife and I went to Parma for some takeout. I ordered the Parma sandwich, and my wife ordered the Anti Pasta. while I'm waiting I told them wow those olives are huge! keep in mind we were not buying any olives. we sat down on comfortable sofas to await our order.while sitting down, they brought us six of those huge olives, water and a couple slices of prosciutto complimentary of the house! We live here in Las Vegas, and it was the best sandwich I've had anywhere in town my Wife felt the same about her dish. I might add I am very very picky about my sandwiches, and know true Italian sandwiches, this was fantastic. we intend to go back there for their dinners as I've heard so many nice things about their meals. their customer service was outstanding!!!
4	Overall 8.2/10 atmosphere 8.7/10 food portion-value 7.5/10 food 8.4/10 (taste really homey) service 8.4/10Food is good but not impressivepasta sauce is really homey A little pricey
2	I really wanted to like this restaurant.  I have been hearing great things from my brother and reading positive reviews on Yelp.  I ordered the Papardelle with wild mushrooms and pancetta.  When it finally arrived at the table it looked beautiful.  Unfortunately it was neither hot nor tasted great.  It was actually under seasoned.  You would think that with great mushrooms it would have a nice earthy taste but it did not.  I kept seeing Chef Marc stopping and sitting down at other tables to visit which is fine when the restaurant is slow but it makes me wonder who is cooking my dinner  and was that why I did not have a stellar meal like some of these other reviewers.   Meh, I've had better.  Any responses?
5	Consistency is important to me and this restaurant is consistent. The employees are friendly and knowledgable, always ready to give suggestions. The food has always been excellent and I can taste each flavor, which is always unique and not just the same old taste you can get anywhere. Some of my favorites at this restaurant is their fresh pasta, meatballs, and I usually get whatever special they have. The only meal I've got here that I was not a fan of was their chicken Marsala. It had a heavy thick glaze with a strong unfamiliar taste. It's not the Marsala I'm used to. I wouldn't order that again. 5 stars because everything else has been so delicious.I would love to try one of their special tasting menus.
5	Let's just say best Italian food I've had in a long time hands down! I will never eat at Olive Garden again! Warm crunchy garlic bread with oil and balsamic vinegar...the aromas were already calling to me before I stepped inside the door.The sausage and spinach raviolis was on the nightly specials and it was delicious. The Chicken riggies- spicy rigatoni with chunks of chicken. The sauce was amazing- a little spicy and very flavorful.Tiramisu- absolute heaven. Just order it. You'll polish off your plate like we did. Portions are perfect, pasta cooked perfectly, great date night. Everything was a little pricey, but I'll gladly pay it again
5	I'm generally not a carb-a-holic, but my carb loading binge for the Rock n Roll half marathon  led me here.  This is a similar concept to Roma's deli, but with a more personal touch.  They have a variety of seating options.  In the center there are lounge style couches and coffee tables, bistro/cafe area seating, and a more formal dining room.  We liked the bistro area since it seemed more lively and the noise masked the crying of my baby nephew.  Also the the UW vs UCLA game was playing...it was the fiances bday as well so it was only fair to let him watch football while eating :) As soon as we were seated the servers brought water and bread, and then Chef Marc comes to the table and goes over the menu specials and even goes into an explanation of their prep.  Very nice touch, truly makes every diner feel like they are a VIP.  The servers were always attentive and the water glass was never went empty.Now onto the food.  We ordered the portobello mushroom appetizer and the charred octopus.  The portobello mushroom appetizer was deceiving, while not the prettiest plating....the flavor combo was UH..MAZING!! My sister in law didn't realize they were mushrooms, she thought there was meat in the dish.  The mushrooms are sliced thin in a cheesy gorgonzola alfredo sauce topped with crisp organic spinach.  It was so good we cleaned the plate off.  The charred octopus was cooked to perfection with an granny apple/celery/chickpea slaw.  Even the bread that is complimentary is delicious with a Parmesan garlic topping.  On to the entrees, I ordered the chicken marsala but also tried the ahi bolognese.  The marsala sauce is probably the best I've ever had with marsala wine making almost a gravy that was great for dipping bread.  The ahi bolognese was the special for the night and they took the sushi grade ahi, ground it up and cooked it lightly and added it to thin spaghetti.  Pure genius! Since there was a birthday in the party, I got to sample the fiances free cannoli and it had a great pastry shell with delicious filling and was topped with fruit and chocolate chips.  Who can pass up a good cannoli?Things I will definitely need to come back for: escargot, purchase their fresh pasta, checkout their small selection of Italian groceries, and of course check out their deli meats!
4	I went to Parma last night and absolutely loved it.  I was quite suprised at the interior comforts of the restaurant.  I wasn't what I expected looking from the outside of the restaurant.  The service was great and the food...Well my food was super delicious.  I at the pork tenderloin in mushroom sauce over polenta and broccolini.  My gosh I cannot wait to go home to my leftovers.  The bread was so good, I dug into it and forgot to even prepare the olive oil and vinegar for dipping.  I can't wait to try more items from their menu.
5	I absolutely love this small cozy Italian restaurant. Our waiter, Tracey, was very knowledgeable and friendly. The service he provided was almost like in fine dining restaurants. Everything here is in very good portion. We started with Parma salad and escargot. Both were very good! Pork shoulder ravioli was the bomb! It was soooo good. I stopped talking to anyone on my table after my first bite. I just wanted to enjoy the good food in front of me. I also sampled dishes my friends got. They were all in good flavors. I didn't get to try their desserts because I wasn't really hungry that day. I am definitely coming back to try more dishes and desserts. I highly recommend this cozy small shop!
5	My family of 8 had a great meal at Parma. We all loved what we ordered.  Chef Marc came by the table to talk about the menu. My dad absolutely loved talking to him. He ordered the veal chop and was in heaven. I had the chicken Marsala.  It was great. The kids mac and cheese was soooo good. And for dessert we actually had one of everything. My favorites were the tiramisu and the Kalua cake. When in Vegas we will visit again.
5	Wow!  Why do I keep finding great restaurants when we're traveling?  If this restaurant was near my house, I'd be a regular.  Yelp had over 200 reviews with a 4.5 star rating, so we figured it was a safe bet.  After dinner, we all agreed that 4.5 stars is too low.  They had a bottle of Rombauer Chardonnay for $50!  It's usually $80+.  The antipasto salad was huge, and the spicy stuffed cherry peppers were awesome.  Then came the pasta.  Perfect!  I had the shrimp fra diavolo.  My wife had the Orecchiette, with a perfect al dente texture.  My finicky kids loved their meals too (including my vegetarian daughter, who had the spinach and cheese manicotti.  Highly recommend this place.  If you live within 30 minutes of this place and haven't tried it, you're missing out big time.
5	Came here cause it was recommended on Yelp. Worried that it was a place that have discounts for a good review. Needless to say, unbiased review it was amazing and authentic. I lived in Italy for 2 years abs it's hard to find food this authentic!
1	We won't be going back.....you blew it again, Chef.  We were loving this place  until tonight.  I thought the chef had finally figured out that if you offer stingy portions, even if the food is good, that people catch on.  We had gone to the old Marc's only one time many years ago and  had a similar experience to what we had tonight.  Large glass, little wine, large plates, tiny portions.  My husband and I are always on the lookout for good Italian restaurants and a few friends had recommended that we go to Parma.  Neighborhood restaurants come and go very quickly in Las Vegas and many places that we had frequented had closed due to either the economy or poor management.  We were very excited to find that Parma was just what we were looking for; a good neighborhood feel, great service, good food and generous portions at a reasonable price.  It was becoming more and more popular and the restaurant had expanded their space and added 10-12 more tables.  Yay for them and us!  A few weeks back, when there on a Saturday night, we noticed things had changed....$3 for additional bread, a charge for sharing, even a salad and  smaller portions of wine but the food was the same.  Tonight though?  I ordered the agnolotti stuffed with various meats and served with a sage butter sauce.  Sounded great.  The place was crowded and we felt as if we were getting the bum's rush since we hadn't even finished our salads before our entrees came.  The chef accompanied our server to the table, leaned over and said (obviously for our benefit) "i think it was good to increase the portion size to 15...it's a lot more generous.", in reference to my agnolotti.  Really?  You couldn't have said that in the back?   It appeared to be so staged!  I guess I was supposed to feel VERY LUCKY to be paying only $19 for 15 agnolotti.  By my calculations, that's about $1.25 per piece. I, too, make my own pasta...it's not that big of a deal!  To add insult to injury, both my husband's cavetelli and my dinner were delivered in those  ginormous bowls  that only hold about 1 1/2 cups of food. I'm still hungry! His portion was small as well.  Our server must have picked up on my irritation and before I had a chance to voice my displeasure over being made to feel that I had the privilege of being stiffed, he sent another server over to close out our bill.  Word to Chef Marc....keep it up and this restaurant will close, too.
3	4 plus stars for food most of the time and the 2 stars for the absolutely crappy service. Chef Marc sightings are at best rare to say the least. The wait staff seems to hate their job all to often. I will still eat here occasionally for the good eats, BUT just getting use to the consistently non-attentive table and to-go service across the board. Attention Chef Marc- your name is on the sign, please get back to the delicious basics and creative go-to that got your customer's patronage in the earlier days... so many great restaurants so little time.
4	We had a special (ravioli which was very good - but unfortunately I don't remember what it was called) and the chicken/rigatoni dish. Both were great. I liked the chicken/rigatoni dish much better as it had a nice kick to it and had a wide variety of components to it. The garlic bread they bring out is also amazing. I just wish they served some hard liquor too (wine and beer only)
2	Don't rally understand whats allAbout,it's an avg restaurant and even less then that,pasta is ok -not even better then even Cheesecake Factory.The chopped salad is made from a non fresh vegetable and taste fine.The complimentary bread was cold not frozen but really cold. Don't waste your time just a regular resturemt /sandwich bar with an avg food.By the way the prices are a bit too much for what they serve  One last thing is the waiting time for the food we were waiting 40 min!!!
3	Love yelp and excited because it was a 4.5 star but got to say it wasn't up to par. Food was decent but nothing exciting. I had clams and linguini and it was good but definitely had better in other restaurants. They give free garlic bread to start and its definitely amazing, hope your not on a date though because garlic stays in mouth for days...My brother had butternut squash ravioli in a brown butter sauce and that was delicious. Better choice than my dish and reminded me of a dish i had before at a strip restaurant. Odd location but its nice because they sell meats and cheese at the counter as well as dry food products like pasta sauce, olive oil, etc.Service was good though, friendly people throughout the restaurant.To me food should wow you and i just wasn't wow'd may have been my fault though since i was so excited to try this place. Will give it another try and see how i feel after that.
1	I wanted to try a new restaurant so we went to Parma by chef Marc All was fine till a cockroach jump into are bread plate The waitress was very concerned but chef mark said it must have came in from a delivery they got today Didn't eat much of my dinner and chef Marc never came out to say anything but gave 30% off bill Won't be going back their again
1	Called Marc (doesn't deserve the title Chef IMO anymore) tonight to talk about the dinner the other night! He was rude right off the bat and said that other help wouldn't serve us and that he comped he meal! BS!! he gave us the chicken Parma to take home! Didn't come to the table when his under trained staff screwed up a few times!! Wrong food brought tl the table. Etc. I've been there maybe 7-8 times since moving here and only one other time there was an issue with the chicken Parma. But the food wasn't the problem it was that blad so called server screwed up and forgot to put the order in!!! Diana and the Asian server has always been A+!!! The blad guy can go work at mc Donald's!!! But to Marc! I've been raised in family Resturants and know the business much better than you!!! Why did you raise the prices at the pizza joint and start making the pizzas smaller? POOR MANAGEMENT!! Period. YOU NEED TO TSKE THE RESPONSIBILITY OF YOUR SHORT COMINGS!!! You are a poor business man and just remember Karma boy!!! Now we will go find another place to spend our money at! Bottom line you disrespected me on the phone and will NEVER GO BACK TO YOUR OVER PRICED STRIP MALL PLACE!! Plus I make a better chicken parm also!! And to think I wanted to work at the new place? Now I also see why your turnover at the pizza joint is like it is!!! A POOR BUSINESS MAN IS NOT WHAT ANYONE WANTS TO WORK FOR!!!
4	One of the best Italian restaurants in town, I must say. My bf and I tried the following dishes last night: Lobster Bisque (4/5) Made from scratch and it was delicious. It's not 5/5 because the texture is not very creamy. Octopus Salad (5/5) For me, this was the best dish of the night. Grilled to perfection Octopus tentacles with a light citrus salad (green apples, celery and carrots). I can probably eat 2 or 3 servings of this salad. Spinach and Sausage Ravioli (4/5) It was good but it needs more sauce. The sauce also needs something else. It feels like it's missing something. Mushroom Parpadelle (4/5) Again, it was good but it's missing something. The pasta was cooked perfectly. Rum Cake (5/5) A good way to end the dinner. Very light, fluffy and just enough sweetness into it. I'll definitely order this again. Service (5/5) also! They always refilled our drinks. Very attentive. We will be back for sure.
5	Since I was married to an Italian for many years I know good Italian food. Parma by chef Marc is awesome. I had the Parma sandwich - regular size for $6.25. It was fantastic. The meats were true Italian & from what I could tell included ham, salami, pepperoni, & gabagol (not sure I spelled this correct but it's an Italian type ham.) It also includes an olive spread with cheese slices of provolone & mortadella. This was topped with shredded lettuce, tomatoes, olive oil & balsamic vinegar. The bread was crusty & wonderful. True Italian style. My daughter had the Campania sandwich which included fresh buffalo mozzarella, fire roasted peppers, presto basil, sliced tomatoes, with balsamic dressing. She said it was amazing & the cost was also $6.25. She enjoyed a bowl of pasta fagiola soup which is Italian white bean & pasta for $7.00. She said it was very good & she had only had better in Italy. The soft drinks cost  $2.50 each. We shared a cannolli for $4.00 & it was wonderful. We also took home ricotta cheesecake & tiramisu each costing $7.00 & both were great. We had a hard time deciding what to order as many items on the menu looked fantastic. This is a place we will be back to as it has very authentic Italian foods.
4	This is a small, homey, place, well off the Strip, and a good alternative for people who are tired of all the overhyped glitz and ridiculous prices that more centrally located restaurants are known for. The food is excellent, but I thought the portions were a bit small for the price. I ate here with my wife, daughter, and son-in-law. I was tempted to order the spaghetti and meatballs but then noticed that the menu said "spaghetti and meatball" (singular), so I passed it up; my SIL had it, though, and sure enough, there was just one single solitary meatball (not even a terribly large one) sitting on top of his spaghetti. He said it was very good, but nonetheless I would expect more for $12. I had the meatball sub ($6.25 for a regular order) which was also quite tasty, but which only seemed to contain maybe two meatballs (they were sliced, so I don't know for sure). My wife and daughter split the chicken parmegian sandwich and spinach/cheese manicotti; they were both very impressed, though the bite I had of my wife's chicken sandwich didn't wow me (but then I always prefer meat to chicken). I don't mean to suggest that the portions were inadequate; there was certainly enough for a meal, but I just didn't think we got as much as I would expect for the price.One nice feature was the garlic bread I asked for, which was very good, and for which we weren't charged, but that may be because our pasta dishes were supposed to come with bread, and this may have been that. It was not terribly garlick-y, but it did have a nice buttery texture and had crumbled parmesan cheese on it. If you're in Vegas and you have a car, this place is well worth a visit.
2	Wish I could give a rating for the food and a different rating for the service.Food - Had the Parma Sandwich.  Tip - Have it hot.  It is great.  If you get the large, there is enough to share with someone else.  When Hot, the meats have more flavor and give a great juxtaposition to the cold lettuce, tomato and onion.Service - There were only 3 tables and two servers but yet I had to interrupt their conversation with each other to get some more soda.  I know it was New Year's day when we went, but you are either open or not.I felt that I was imposing on their personal time.  Left a tip, but did not feel it was worth it at all.I think from now on, will do take out.  Such a shame as they have just expanded their dining area.Went back about a week later and the service was not the same.  IT WAS WORSE!!!.  The Parma Sandwich did not have the olive spread on it and it seemed to be missing some other things as well.  Too bad as when the food is done right, it is great.
5	GOD BLESS CHEF MARC & HIS STAFF for making our Family & Friends Christmas Eve, Birthday & New Years Eve Dining experience's truly AMAZING!!! As usual the food was so delicious and the service well it was like I was back East with Family!When you go to Marc's you are greeted as if you are their Family!  Marc himself comes over to each and everyone of the tables and greets you and explains his Menu to you answering any questions you might have.  By the time he leaves your table you are drooling & can't wait to eat.  But of course the best of the night is when that food arrives OMG it's so good!!!  Just when you think you have had all the best tasting food Marc has to offer he AMAZES YOU AGAIN!!!!  Please try Marc's if you haven't yet it is truly delicious and this comes from a 100% Italian.Michele Rappa-Fritz
2	Everyone raves about this place and I just don't get it. The food was ok but nothing special.
4	We came here for dinner on New Year's Eve.  I was put off by the strip mall exterior.  It is a stone's throw from a KMART and a smoke shop.  The interior put my concerns to rest.  They have both a restaurant seating area as well as a lounge with coffee tables for more casual eating.  The food was very good.  It was easily better than many meals offered at higher profile restaurants on the Strip.  We ordered the Chef's choice which was a five course meal selected by Chef Marc.  The Filet Mignon and the Octopus salad were amazing.  We had three visits from Marc during the meal which was nice.  The only downside to the visit was the quality of the desserts. We were given a cheesecake and a rum cake.  They were just average and not what I expected after such superb entrees.  I would definitely come here again.  As indicated in the other reviews here, service speed is not a priority here.  But then again, this is not fast food.  If I had three hungry young children to feed, I would not come here.  However, if you are looking for a good meal to be eaten at a leisurely pace, this is a great escape from the Strip.
4	Glad to have found this hidden gem.  The Italian beef sandwich was great.  The antipasto plate was a good sharing appetizer.  Bread was delicious.  I've read some service complaints but ours was excellent. Looking forward to trying the deli for to go meats and cheeses soon.  Highly recommended.
1	I have always trusted yelp, but not anymore.  I can not believe that there are so many good reviews.  Seriously, don't believe them.  I love to cook and I rarely go out, because I hate to waste money on bad restaurants.  This one truly was a miserable experience and a waste of good money. It is also not cheap.  If you want Italian.......go to Due Forni is so much better!I have lived in Las Vegas for 14 years and I have NEVER been so disappointed in a restaurant.  The experience was so bad I truly think I deserve a refund.  I was so looking forward to visiting this restaurant for a long time....and wow....what I let down.  Truly!!SERVICE:  Zero Points.  We arrived were told we could sit where we wanted.  The host did not introduce himself.  He brought us tap water and some bread.  He also delivered the menus.  He came back and asked us if we knew what we wanted to order.  We said 'yes" and he picked up the menus and left, without taking our order. Then came our waitress, who took our order with menus.  She was friendly but we only saw her for the order and at the end for the check. I had to call across the room three times to get her attention to take the veal away, because we couldn't eat it.  She removed the item from our bill. I didn't want to complain about all the food and service, because I had invited two people to dinner.  I was horrified, with the entire dinner. While all this was happening the owner was eating dinner with his back to the restaurant. The entire staff didn't seem professional.....like the Island of Misfit toys....table wasn't bused timely, water wasn't kept filled, it was awful.  Could not wait to leave. We went next door to Trader Joes and bought groceries and went home and made dinner. FOOD:  Zero points.  Each pasta was between 19-22 dollars.   The veal ravioli was fatty and bland.  No sauce added.  The presentation was nonexistent.  The green beans were flash cooked and tasted raw.  The beet salad, was not finely sliced ....rather ice cold chunks out of the fridge.    The "wild mushroom" pasta was not fresh.  Rather the cook used dried mushrooms which were not properly rehydrate.  They were awful.  The papadella noodles were not cooked through and crunchy.  The only plate that was edible was the sausage ravioli.  Nothing special. Can I also mention that they served all the plates with no presentation.  The Parmesan cheese was in a shaker.  Most fine Italian restaurants serve their pastas with freshly shaven Parmesan.  Not here.
1	I have no clue why this place has such a good rating. It makes me wonder if they are paying people to write good reviews. I went here with my girlfriend and her mother and was very disappointed. When we arrived, we were instructed to seat ourselves, which I do not have a problem with because this is the way it's done in New York at a place like this. It even added to the authenticity of the restaurant. We were given menus and after figuring out what we wanted to order, the host came over and took them, but without taking our order. We waited another ten minutes before the waitress came over, without asking if we wanted more drinks, I might add. We ordered a beet salad, some veal raviolis, a mushroom pasta and sausage raviolis for the table, as we wanted to share. The only thing that was close to palatable were the sausage raviolis. However, I could only bear to eat a couple as they were over salted. All the pasta was way too al dente for my taste, maybe even being undercooked. The mushrooms in the wild mushroom pasta were obviously dried and not fresh. I could tell because it seemed like they didn't cook them long enough as they were very chewy. The veal raviolis were the worst part. They were bland and fatty, along with the pasta being undercooked. After we finished the beet salad, the plates just sat on the table, taking up space until just before our entrees came out. That kind of thing is very bad form in a restaurant. After we decided that this place is just horrible, we wanted to leave ASAP. We had to yell at the waitress across the dining room to get our check because she was having a very extensive conversation and was not paying attention to any of her tables. We then explained that we were not satisfied with the veal raviolis. To her credit, she did have them taken off the bill, but not before talking to us like we were a bunch of toddlers throwing a fit. I'm still not sure if she was being sarcastic with us or she genuinely thinks people enjoy being talked to like that. Overall, this place is a disaster. I absolutely do not recommend eating here.
2	Food was average, but paid double what we thought it was worth.The bread they brought out initially was so crunchy we couldn't cut it without it cracking. Had to ask them to replace it.Also $5 for a bottled beer...
5	Wow were we surprised and happy.  It's located in an ugly strip mall and the outside of the restaurant is uninspiring.  Once inside the magic emerges.  In the middle are nice leather couches and chairs and the entire inside exudes charm.  What is really great here is the food.  Let's start with the bread.  It's absolutely perfect.  It's the kind that is so moist, you can smunch it and it doesn't crumble.  The olive oil is a cut above. For starters we had the caprese salad, prosciutto crudo and artichokes.  It was all so tasty.  The mozzarella was the real deal. Next we all had a different homemade pasta with wonderful sauces.  Three of us had the pomodoro sauce which was perfect and fresh.  One had the pomodoro and meatballs which again was perfect.  Finally we topped it off with an espresso which was done in the manner you would find in Italy.  My only complaint was that they should have some homemade limoncello on hand for a  nice after meal drink.This is a casual restaurant with reasonable prices and superb cuisine.
1	I would have to say that I have been going to Parma since they opened and it is slowly gone downhill between the quality of food the quality of service as well as portions... It is quite disappointing however every time I go in there I see Chef Mark is walking around the restaurant rather than in the back cooking maybe hence that is part of the problem!!! I believe you get what you pay for however in this case I feel they have now become overpriced for a poor quality of Italian food as well as very small portions!!! I would recommend they get some new servers as well as new items on the menu or give you at least a fair portion for the price they are charging... So many better other kind restaurants in town that appreciate your business
5	Yummyyummy escargot swordfish special chicken parm fresh pasta. ..garlic butter strong olive oil. ..good and good for you.
2	Food was very tasty but no left over. Very light on the spaghetti  sauce and the meat ball was very dry. Service was one of the worst I have seen. I will try it again the other foods at the table were great. Hopefully the service will be better. I will repost after my next visit.
4	This is a nice little Italian eatery complete with dine-in and take out options as well as a small deli. I opted to check it out for lunch and took my food to go, but it seems like a pretty nice place to dine in as well.I got the meatball sandwich. I'm a meatball sandwich aficionado. This one came on a ciabatta, which was actually a really good choice for this sandwich. They dressed it up with a little oil and parmesan on top, and the bread was crusty enough to hold up to the inside of the sandwich and soft enough to easily bite into and enjoy. Really good bread, which I believe is the most important element in a good sandwich.I opted for the large sandwich, which is 10", and when I opened it up, I was pretty disappointed to find that there were only 2 meatballs, each cut in half. They're pretty decent sized balls, but definitely not on the generous side to say the least. There's lots of tasty mozzarella cheese, which was a big plus because you could tell it wasn't that cheap stuff that you get at some places. This cheese had some flavor to it. There was a perfect amount of sauce on it for me, too. Any less, and there wouldn't be enough to soak into the bread, and any more, there'd be a lot overflowing all over. The sauce had a slightly sweet flavor, with plenty of seasoning, the strongest being garlic and oregano. I thought it complemented the meatballs very well.Finally, the meatballs. Really nice flavor to them. Seems to be the theme here, but you could tell they used good ingredients and have good technique because everything was thoughtfully seasoned. The balls were on the firm side, and the meat was ground very fine. Instead of being a little crumbly, the balls were solid. Not a bad thing, but it just depends on how you like them. Personally, I prefer softer meatballs, but these weren't to the point where they tasted dry.It ended up to be plenty of food, but lose a star for bang for buck- there's gotta be more meatball!
5	The BEST Italian food! The eggplant Parmesan sandwich is amazing, the sauce was perfect, the mozzarella, the bread was fresh!!! This is definitely a place that I look forward to going back to with my family.
1	I'll give this review a little more attention than the wait staff gave us. Food mediocre. Hot sausage sandwich ok, meatball sandwich was cold. Wait staff didn't care at all. Also, we were the only people in the restaurant. If you value service and good food look elsewhere.
5	Loved it!  Outside does not describe what u find inside....it's like entering lil Italy, everything is yummy n authentic...
1	Worst service of any restaurant I've ever been to in Las Vegas. I have walked in here twice and have never been greeted or spoken too. I have never actually eaten here since I never receive service. I don't understand if I'm doing something wrong but I've been twice with two different people and they said this is ridiculous and we should leave.
3	Last night (2/15/14) we decided to visit Parma as a last resort; all the other good restaurants had 3 hour waiting times.  -We arrive to a packed Parma with about 4 parties waiting for tables; plus, they had a wedding reception to cater.  Prior to arriving, we had confirmed that a wait for party of 5 would be seated around 8:15 p.m.  So from 7:40-8:15 we stand and patiently wait for parties to get up and leave.  We witnessed families sitting at tables where they've been done dining for over 30 minutes....but would just sit there like it was their living room and not move.  Chef Marc was totally oblivious to the people patiently waiting...he would walk all around and talk to parties, then go back to the corner, stand and stare at the waiting parties; silently.  Meanwhile, a large adam sandler look alike tells us he can get us seated at 8:15.  8:45 p.m. comes, and we're still not seated; as a matter of fact, the staff never offered us a glass of water...I had to walk up to the counter to request water for my thirsty and patient party.  I found this incredibly rude that staff knew we were waiting and virtually ignored us until we sat...very strange.  -Adam Sandler comes back and says this family is getting ready to leave so it should be a minute.  He walk over to them and casually chats with them for an additional 10 minutes, having a gay-old time with them!  Give me a freaking break Adam!!!             -So, needless to say we were seated, ordered our food, and were served within a reasonable amount of time.  However, the total lack of service and concern for customers was out of control; there was NO control over the front of the house.-The Chicken Parm was good but was deep fried...it was way too thick to have been pan fried so perfectly.  I prefer their pastas; they were very good.
5	We have been searching for a decent Italian restaurant since moving to Vegas and just found this hidden gem.  Great food, great deli, great atmosphere!  We will definitely be back!
4	Good Lord this food is good...The first "real" date that my husband took me on 9 years ago was to Chef Marc's first Restaurant - Marc's. We were so sad when it closed; however, when Parma opened up we were not disappointed! Marc definitely didn't lose his touch with his new restaurant  and he is as friendly and as involved in his kitchen as ever. The dinners are a little on the pricey side, but I haven't had a better pasta. Lunch is a little more reasonable and Chef Marc has some amazing sandwiches which do no disappoint.  The only thing I don't love about Parma is that there are a few waiters whose personalities I just find off-putting...Overall though a wonderful dining experience!
4	The food was good but I didn't get exactly what I had ordered. They brought regular spaghetti instead of the ribbon pasta. Spaghetti happens to be one of my least favorite pastas. I had originally asked for a the eggplant parmesan sandwich. The waitress then said I might as well get the entree. Like I said, the food was good but when I got my check, it was twice as much as the lunch sandwich I was going to have. I was just passing through so it's not likely I will be back here.
4	It was yummy! - says our waitress, Diane.  And she was right!  I cannot believe it took us this long to find Parma or even heard of it, and they've been in business for five years!We were asked if this was our first time, and it was, so Chef Marc came and introduced the menu to us.  He boosted today's specials, especially the sea urchin pasta and the grouper.  He also suggested that we pick a "green", a pasta and something "protein" and split everything between the bf and I.  That's what we did. Green - escarole.  To me, it was good, but it wasn't spectacular; probably because I do not have too much experience in escarole.  The bf liked it, and I liked it enough. Sea urchin pasta - YUMMY!  I have never had sea urchin pasta before, and it was delicious!  The squid ink homemade spaghetti was so tasty and tasted "oceanic" in a good way.  The sea urchin was fresh and it was perfectly tossed into the pasta.  I say tossed because it was the perfect temperature from the heat of the pasta and not cooked down.  I could have eaten the entire dish by myself and intend to upon my next visit!We picked the chicken for our protein.  It was a huge plate of chicken that was enough to feed three!  The chicken was bedded with polenta, and it was the perfect combination.  We had as much as we can but had to pack the rest home.  As for dessert, we had the rum cake, and it was pretty good.  Not too sweet and not too "rummy", which was a small problem for the bf.  I am definitely looking forward to the next dining experience at Parma and introducing this restaurant to my friends and family!
5	I lived about 2 blocks from Parma for 3 years and unfortunately only started eating there right before I moved. Or, perhaps fortunately since I'm pretty sure if you eat nothing but chicken parm sandwhiches 3 meals a day you would die. But it would be a pretty good way to go. Parma is tucked away in a little shopping centre and doesn't try to play the flashy game of strip restaurants. But the food delivers, and thats all that really matters. Let me tell you a little about this chicken parm sandwhich. First, it comes on garlic bread. I know this is obvious/other places have been doing it for years. But the fact remains that this is some of the best garlic bread I have ever gotten from a restaurant- its not mildly garlicy, its a knockout punch of garlic. The sandwhcih is also enormous- many will strain to finsih it in one sitting. The quitters are not worthy of such a sandwhich however, as the last few bites are always among the tastiest. I have also had the bolognese which was also quite good. The service here is always excellent and attentive. It's a small, intimate sort of place with not that many tables which can make it hard to get a seat during peak times so plan accordingly.
3	I went to Parma's with a friend for what turned out to be the second time.  I didn't recall the first time about a year ago because it was not memorable.  I came this time with high expectations because I have read and heard so much about the wait staff and the food.  There was nothing welcoming about the staff.  Our server did not seem knowledgeable about the menu nor was she particularly prompt in taking our orders in a restaurant that was not busy.  I had a chopped salad which was a good size but unremarkable in its flavor.  The meatball I ordered as a side was a bit chewy but the sauce was quite good.  I may give it one more try and have a pasta dish. I wouldn't discourage anyone from trying it but I much prefer Mezzo (which I believe was once Chef Marc's place) to Parma.
4	Excellent food.   Had the butternut squash ravioli.  It had excellent taste and texture.   Pasta was home made.  Also at our table we ordered the scallops.  It was served over black pasta.  That was so unique and tasty too.....Also home made.  The scallops were some of the best I've tasted in the valley.   The service was friendly.  We'll definitely be repeat customers.
5	My girlfriend and I tried this place out after hearing great things about it in the community. Not the slightest bit disappointed.
5	Had a great time in this restaurante.  The owner greets you and chat with you.  He makes you feel at home.  The food is delicious and the service was great.  They treated our whole entire family with their warm heart.  Chef Marc took my two kids and tour his kitchen and even taught them how to make canoli bar.  Recommend this place over and over again without reservation.....
1	I went there because my wife really wanted to try it. I figured it would be good based on the reviews. Well I couldn't have been more wrong. I've been sick all night. The only upside to this place is the staff. They were friendly and attentive.
5	This is one of my new favorite restaurants!!As you wait to be seated, there is a comfortable lounge area where they serve drinks and allow you to review the menu.Chef Marc was extremely nice and gave wonderful recommendations to help introduce me to new foods!I highly recommend the pink ravioli. It is absolutely incredible.
5	Believe the hype. I stopped here for lunch with my husband before we continued on with our errands for the day. It is a cozy place with a neighborhood vibe. There is a deli and cheese counter in the front, along with a rack of specialty Italian ingredients and sauces for sale in the back of the restaurant. We actually picked up some stuff there because my sister in law and her husband were coming to visit from Italy and had promised us a home cooked Italian meal.We chose to split the Antipasti salad that was prepared with a generous assortment of meat and cheese from the deli case. The salad was fresh and plentiful for the price of $12.00. We also split the very hearty Italian meat sandwich which only  comes in large (most of the sandwiches you have the option between regular and large). This was a monster of a sandwich with juicy beef, melted provolone and mozzarella cheese topped with pepperocinis. As delicious as it was, I could only handle about quarter of the sandwich. The husband happily annihilated the rest of it. The service was friendly and this made for a perfect break in our busy day.
4	They would have received 5 stars if not for the waitstaff. They were friendly-but they had a bit too much idle time on their hands. There were only 4 tables in the whole place that were taken but my waitress kept mysteriously disappearing. I kept having to bother the other one who did help me out. She should've gotten the tip!Will be back and I'm hoping the service is more than sub par next time. The food is absolutely delicious-no flaws there :)
5	Wine was good, food was delicious! Dessert was delitful...and the coffee is not bad! Great little place for a nice date...service was great. Our server was super friendly and knew a lot about the food and wine.
2	I just ate at this restaurant like 2 min ago and let me say I was not impressed. I thought wow there is a legit pasta place by my house  with 4.5 stars let me check it out...WRONG. I ordered the Chicken Parmesan. It was ok, nothing to brag about. The worst part was the stale noodles with Elementary School tomato sauce on them. For $12, I expected a little effort. Please avoid this place. Place is super garbanzo. Try Nora's or Rock N Noodles. You will be way more satisfied with those LEGIT choices.
5	Holy moly, this place is great. We're from Southern California and unfortunately the best "Italian" in our area is Olive Garden. This place kicks OG's patoot! I just ordered the spaghetti & meatballs and it is literally the best I've ever had. Started off with the House salad, also very tasty. Not a cheap dinner, but worth every penny. Good service, too.
4	3.75 stars, with +.5 stars included, as I respect Nelson Q and his opinion as a local and as a professional.  All in all, though, this is another "keeping it real" review.  Reality check to follow...C'mon folks.  4.5 stars?  Lots of 5 star reviews?  Seriously?  Among the best Italian places in Las Vegas?  New York?  Italia?Several reviewers mention comparison to Olive Garden, and compared to that chain restaurant disappointment, well, yes.  Parma is 5 stars.Here's the truth.  Parma is a good neighborhood Italian restaurant.  The decor is simple.  Nothing fancy.  The service is semi-pro - mostly young, though energetic, fairly efficient and casual.  The kitchen puts out decent Italian dishes of good quality, especially the house made pastas. The overall experience is casual and family-worthy.  Nothing more.  Nothing less.Here are some specific observations.  A dining companion wanted mussels as an appetizer, and they weren't on the menu.  Our server this evening, Kelly, says no problem.  The kitchen has them for Frutto Di Mare, so we can do that.  Nice job, Kelly.Parma's Caesar salad is bland and forgettable.  Last night the romaine had lots of brown edges.  Meh.  There's nothing special on top like shaved Parmesan, and the croutons were one step above store bought.  No cracked pepper was offered upon serving, and there wasn't a mention of anchovies, a part of an authentic Caesar.The good news is the pasta is terrific.  Nicely made and properly cooked.  Try the lobster ravioli.  Sauces are decent but I find the bolognese sauce is not a star.  Marc's pork chop is amazing.  Thick and juicy.  You won't be disappointed.Parma's wine list is short and is value minded, not over the top.  The wines by the glass list is not stellar with the exception of the Tobin James cab.  I recently ordered a bottle of the 2009 Bere "Super Tuscan".  The bottle arrived, opened and poured, and it was noticed that the wine was actually a 2011.  Rookie mistake.The location in a strip shopping center should provide insight to the experience at Parma.  Casual, decent Italian fare, but not sophisticated or accomplished as some of the reviews here on Yelp suggest.Just keep in' it real...
2	Pretty Disappointing. We'll start with the one positive thing.. the bread is delicious! But with that being said... on the menu it reads that should you request extra bread it will cost you $3.00 because the supplier is charging more. $3.00?! I better get more than just one extra basket! Reading many reviews and being a big fan of Novecento, this was disappointing. The service lacked incredibly!! No smile, no introduction, no recommendations!! For my first time and with all these reviews you would think they'd have some pride to talk to you about the place and the must haves.We started with the Parma salad... WEAK! It was absolutely boring and I tasted more olive juice than an actual dressing. Next we had the Greens Juliana it was so salty, that the Parma salad could've used some of that! For entree's we ordered Chicken Parmesan- Overcooked and boring, that dish came out and I stared and said wow.. that looks pathetic. I took a bite of the side pasta... the most overcooked noodles you could get with what canned tomato sauce?! Add some basil or something to bump it up! If I need to put salt on pasta... WHAT?! Mind blown. I ordered the Mushroom Parpadelle- bland bland oh did I mention bland? With pieces of I believe pancetta it could save this dish but no.. It fails. It was almost as if they just cooked some mushrooms and dumped it on the noodles without really creating a "sauce." My moms been talking about going here for months.. Looks like I won't be returning or taking her.
5	Wow, where to start. Chef Marc was very attentive and so was his staff. Portions were huge. Food was superb. The dinning room ambiance is good. Don't let the outside facade scare you off. It's my wife and my new favorite.
2	One word - disappointing.I've had take out before and enjoyed Chef Marc's previous restaurant but this was my first experience eating inside of Parma.  I'm really hoping it was an off night because the service needed improvement and I found Marc (who might be a good cook but I don't think is a chef) uhm.... how can I say this delicately?  Less than a gracious host?   I was pretty stunned because at his last place I was invited back into the kitchen and we talked a lot about food, etc. and his staff even ordered some wine glasses for me that my out of town friends remarked on so I thought I would make a gift of them. (and that's bending over backwards!)  The closest word I can use to my interaction would be "demeaning".  Sorry I'm not a guy or a hot 20-something year old female where you clearly are in your comfort zone.It also annoyed the living daylights out of me that even though I said I was dining alone when I came in, when I finally flagged someone down to try and get some food I was told "Oh, I thought you were waiting for someone".  I'm often out and about and get hungry and just stop somewhere, dining partner or not, and haven't waited more than a few minutes to be asked if I would like to order or if I'm waiting for someone.  (Which would be the logical question if the person who seated me didn't communicate with the person who would be taking my order)I had to get up and steal silverware from a table twice for myself and once for the couple sitting next to me.  Staff needs to pay attention to the details more.FOOD REVIEW:Wine:  Sampled a red.  Pretty sure it was corked.  (or remarkably bad!)  Went with sparkling.  It was OK.No hard liquor... or if there was I sure didn't see it!Caesar salad - flavorless.  I asked if they had any anchovies in the kitchen and was told no.  I'm not sure how you actually make a Caesar without anchovies but that explains part of the reason it had not flavor.Escargot:  Except a bit of grit in the very first bite... quite outstanding.  If you order these do not eat bread first because they do not come in the shell but rather on top of toasted Bread.Bread:  really good.Gnocchi:  Lovely light, fluffly pillows of joy but the sauce which was described as white wine cream sauce should have been described as creamy garlic sauce.  It's an Italian place so garlic should be expected but it was far too much for my liking.  I couldn't  taste the peas which I thought was a lovely combination with spec and gnocchi.  Overall sweetness was a bit much.  I would have cut the garlic and added blue cheese.Cannoli :   Respectable.Everyone seems to rave about this place and I think it's because it's fundamentally good food albeit inconsistent.  Professional or home grown good food is good food.   However, they need to work on the service and level of knowledge on both food and wine.   It was a Saturday night and should have been packed and was less than half full.  With all the great reviews that shouldn't be the case.SUMMARY:   Meh.  There's lots of great food in Vegas.  Dining experience is important and it just wasn't a hit for me.
4	Came here with my brother for a good Italian meal. Was not disappointed, best spaghetti & meatball I've had. He had the spaghetti & sausage, and said the same. Will come again!
4	Positives: Best italian I have had in LV. I appreciate the freshly made pastas. The garlic bread is also way better than garlic bread served at most italian restaurants. Negatives: The floors in the dining room are very slippery and I actually watched one lady fall and almost hit her head on the table. Also the prices are a little high for the ambiance and location.
4	Amazingly good food in not-the-best location.
5	A personal philosophy of mine when it comes to eating out is to eat what I cannot recreate at home. Linguine and clams? I know it'll be superb, but I can make it.Can I make sea urchin with squid ink pasta? Nope.Am I going to order that even if I'm nervous? Yep.Was it an enjoyable experience? YES.Chef Marc comes to your table and tells you the special like it's a spell of enchantment. You can hear the passion and reverence. How can your dinner-mate NOT order the rock fish? And you can't resist the siren call of uni. Save the classics for lunch time. When you're out on a date, get what's special and unique. Have fun, be adventurous. You can trust the chef here.P.S. subscribe to the text messages so your heart can flutter every once in awhile when you get the specials.
1	My wife and I eat out often and I have never been compelled to write a review on a restaurant.  We started off with house salad and it had no dressing and no flavor.  For our meal we ordered the Chicken Marsala and we couldn't even cut it with a butter knife.  The server apologized and said the chef was training a new employee.  Not sure why you would use your customer as the Guinea Pig.  She took it back and we ordered a hot ham and cheese.  The sandwich came out cold and had ingredients on it that were not listed on the menu.  The server was nice and that is the only good experience we had.  I would not recommend this restaurant.
2	Well, my review is based on a visit I had to Parma about a month ago, it was my first time, based on the great yelp reviews and close proximity to my home. The Italian beef sandwich was great, the au jous phenomenal! The combination of the bread, cheese and meat was great -... But, I'll never visit them again based on service.   Let me elaborate. I was checking the menu and the young lady at the counter asked if I knew what I wanted.. I told her it's my first time and I'm checking the sandwiches - she turned around and went back to doing whatever she was doing (it was about 2:30 in the afternoon - no line, a couple of folks waiting for their order, a large party was finished and folks were milling around, talking etc.).   I decide on the large Italian beef and wait a few minutes and finally had to say 'excuse me, I'm ready to order'.  I place my order,pay and sit down on a couch.  I wait the 10 or so minutes and it looks like my order is ready.  A different gal asks the girl who took my order 'who is this for'?  The girls responds,' some Indian looking guy' . For goodness sakes people I'm sitting right in front of you! The gal with my food was kind enough to look at me and gave me a look of apology and a thank you. Food was good but service was horrible - no worries, I'll just eat elsewhere.  For a place with such a reputation, I figured they would treat paying customers with a bit more respect.
2	Parma has been one of our favorites for a long time... but now I'm not sure if we'll ever return. This review covers two visits, one in March and again tonight.In March, our food took an hour to arrive and only then because we had started asking what the hold up was. The food was okay, nothing memorable, but the 60+ minute wait was. Because of that, we didn't hurry back.Tonight was 45+ minutes and our order wasn't lost. Our server, Kay, almost totally ignored us the entire time. We had to ask another server for soda refills after she ignored them and us for too long. Kay did ask Hubby if his steak was cooked correctly, which it was, then didn't return until we finally got her attention. My food, a Jidori chicken dish, was inedible. The sauce was good but the chicken was dry and boring. She took it off the bill after I refused to wait another 45 minutes for something else. Hubby's peppercorn steak was abysmal, he said, but we paid for it and got out.One bad experience could be a fluke. Two? Marc must not care about this restaurant any longer.
1	No meat sauce? Instead I got a tomato vegi sauce. What is meat sauce without meat? Cook with meat tomato sauce instead? Frozen vegi with tasteless sausage as meat sauce? REALLY? I can get better steam vegi from steam pack from walmart than this place.WTF!? I will never return this place ever again.
2	I'm very disappointed with this visit to Parma such a limited menu 1 page  with none of the regular italian favorites. When asked the server was helpful saying we can make you this or that. Not what I was looking for I just wanted a simple italian dinner. I probably won't be back unless they change the menu to include more simple italian classics
1	The menu suggested to go the counter to see their additional salad offerings. And when I did, there weren't ANY salads there, additional or otherwise. The staff behind the counter asked if I needed help and when I told them what I was looking for, they looked utterly puzzled. They finallydid suggest going over the menu again, and if nothing caught my eye, to make a request. So, back to the table I went. My two sons ordered hot sandwiches, one plain, one with cheese, and I ordered a caprese salad (not on the menu). When the food arrived, the sandwiches were packed full of pickles, tomatoes, onions, and etc, so, we sent it back. The second time around, the sandwiches were served on toast but the meat was cold. Impatience was beginning to set in, so I just told the waitress we'd wrap them up and take them home as is. The waitress was very apologetic and ended up not charging us for one of the sandwiches. The caprese salad portion was small, the cheese was sliced thinner and smaller than I'm used to seeing and I didn't like the sweet drizzle they used to fancy it up, but hey, it wasn't on the menu...I don't think I'll ever be back.
4	Parma is a homey little Italian restaurant located in the middle of a normal strip mall.  I must have passed by a bunch of times to go to the Trader Joe's but never knew this was here.  I chose this place to celebrate a special occasion and was pretty satisfied with all of my food.Starting off, the bread is pretty darn good.  It is warm and fresh with olive oil and parmesan cheese.  We shared a salad for appetizer.  Since we couldn't decide between the corn and tomato salad and the heirloom tomato and mozarella salad, Chef Marc made a combo salad for us that was delicious.  Simple and fresh ingredients.  I felt like I was eating them straight from the farmer's market.  For dinner I got the Chicken Franchese which were 3 breaded chicken pieces with a lemon butter sauce served with sauteed cauliflower and brocollini.  The chicken was a great comfort food dish and the veggies were seasoned well.  We also ordered the Chicken Parmesan, one of their most popular dishes.  Two ginormous pieces of breaded chicken slathered with cheese and marinara sauce.  It is served with a side of pasta, which was nothing special, and the side of veggies.  We were too full for dessert but we were very satisfied with our Italian feast!.  Definitely come here if you want some good Italian.  Thanks Chef Marc!
4	Having heard great things about Parma .. we decided to give it a whirl on a Wednesday night. As usual .. I looked to Yelp for guidance on which are the best dishes to select etc. and was surprised to see that the last few yelpers gave Parma such low ratings. We decided to venture in despite these reviews and were quite happily surprised. The interior is casual .. very similar to Roma's Deli but is inviting and bright. The venue was half full and the bread is everything that fellow yelpers have described. Yummy, warm, with the delicious fresh olive oil and a nice portion of parmesan cheese sprinkled on top. We polished off two baskets! The menu is quite small (and different from what is pubished online) .. but, you can also create your own dish by ordering off the chalkboard specials list which includes a number of homemade pastas etc. We ordered the Beet salad and the Parma salad. Both were presented nicely and tasty and the Parma was a very very generous portion. That seriously could have been my meal! Fresh arugula, nuts, olives and a nice light dressing. I would def go back for that. For the mains we did the Shrimp Fra Diavolo and Pappardelle Bolognese and both were great. The Bolognese sauce was chock full of carrots, peas and nice pieces of sausage and was really good!For dessert the Tiramisu .. this was the only thing we ordered that was "just okay" .. there was a large amount of cinnamon sprinkled on top, which was quite overpowering. All in all .. we had a very nice dining experience here .. the servers were very nice, attentive .. we didn't have to wait long for the food to come out, and the food was tasty.
5	The atmosphere at Parma is relaxed and easy. New menu features a BBQ sandwich which is good but the paper thin sliced home made potato chips are addictive.
5	I've been here 5 times 3 in which I've brought friends.  Always amazing the food, the service and the atmosphere are excellent. Friends also thought the same. I am also impressed when Chef Marc comes out to say hello to customers, I told him I was from his original area in upstate NY and asked if he could make to dishes for me from our area Chicken Riggies and Italian Greens and they came out amazing. It's on the other side of town from me but can't wait to go back.
5	This is one of my top 3 favorite restaurants in Vegas. How lucky to have this gem right down the street from me. This is the real deal authentic italian food. Fresh pasta makes all the difference. I stop by and pick up pasta by itself when I make pasta at home with my own sauce. They sell several different kinds by weight. My girlfriend seems to order the shrimp fra diavolo every time and it's delicious every time I eat/steal her leftovers. They make it as spicy as you want it.   The chicken parm is huge and awesome.  The pork el Chico is probably my favorite. I've gone here for lunch a few times and the serving size and prices are perfect. The spicy sausage sandwich is my fav.They have a good wine selection and I've never been disappointed with anything. I've been coming here since they first opened and they have been getting more popular ever since for a good reason. It's everything I would want in a neighborhood restaurant.
1	We have been coming here for years and have never had a bad experience until today. We decided to take my mother-in-law (who just came in from NY) there. We were excited because we hadn't been there for awhile and had bragged about how great the food was. Well we got a totally different experience. We went inside and only 2 other tables were there, but it took the waitress over 10 minutes to give us our bread basket and drinks. When we ordered dinner, I had ordered the red snapper. I took one bite and it was NOT fresh. The taste was awful. We never send food back, but did because it was inedible. We let the waitress know and proceeded to look at the menu to order something different when the owner Marc came to our table with a raw red snapper. He told us that the fish was fresh and had just came in. I politely told him that our fish did not taste fresh, but very fishy. He walked away while I was in mid-sentence. My problem wasn't so much about the food, but how we were treated.  Rather than coming over to our table and apologizing and seeing if we were interested in something else, the owner was defensive and insinuated that we were lying about the food. We spent over $100.00 on lunch and I didn't even eat! For that reason I am giving the place a 1star and won't be back there again. It's a shame.
4	Casual dining that's in a clean, cozy environment with friendly and attentive staff.  Per the recommendation of another Yelp review I had the Parma sandwich toasted and it was delicious.  The bread is great here!  I also tried the lemon ricotta cake and it was good.  I was surprised that for lunch it wasn't more busy at the value you get for the quality of food served.  I'll definitely come back and bring people with me another time to try the dinner menu.  I'm interested in their wood oven pizzas.  I also saw there were shelves with products for sale at the front of the store.  It had cherry peppers, vinegar peppers, cannoli shells, various types of hard pasta and other items that seemed interesting to purchase.
5	We like Parma a lot. The food has yet to let us down. Chef Marc was in the house last night and availed himself to our table with a great overview of the nights specials. With guests from France in our party of 5, they were impressed and that says a lot given they are regulars in Roma restaurants. Each of us ordered different dishes with a great cross section view of the menu and not a single one of us would not order those dishes again. We shared a little of each, family style, they all were excellent. Seasoned to perfection, flavorful and a brilliant presentation. The cost totaled less than expected and we thank Parma for containing costs. It makes it easier for us to go back more often, especially since we love this food, ambience, and a well versed patient, competent wait staff. If there were to be any improvements, I would like to see a bit faster delivery of the dishes, but don't sacrifice the quality for speed!!!
3	And the search for good Italian Food in Las Vegas continues.I'm going to agree with my friend, Stefany V, that this rates 3 Stars.A former client, took me to dinner here, trying to pick my brain for free advice.The place is very casual, and the food is just "okay".  My former client is somewhat of a wine expert, and they did seem to have a good selection. He was pleased consuming a bottle of wine, and I did not drink, because I was driving. The service is friendly, but nothing more than acceptable, not great. On his reccomendation, I had a chicken scalopini, which was medicore at best. He had one of their pasta dishes, which I sampled and would not suggest.This looks to me like a decent place to eat pizza and maybe Italian sandwiches. If you don't feel like getting dressed up, waiting for a table, and willing to settle for mediocre food, this is your place to go. I serious doubt I will return. My client got the bargain; almost two hours of professional advice for the price of a cheap dinner.
5	We LOVE this place! We are always welcomed by the fantastic staff like we are old friends! When Chef Marc is here, he ALWAYS comes to the table to talk about the food, see how you are, and make suggestions! Now for the food: INCREDIBLE!! This is some of the best Italian I have experienced in Las Vegas. It is a true gem located in an unsuspecting strip mall at Buffalo and Washington. The pasta is always fresh and I love their meat and seafood dishes. Also, if you're looking for a fresh, homemade dessert, save room!! I hesitated on writing this because I like keeping this as one of our special locals spots but it is too good not to share!!
1	The food here is usually incredible... But the last few times has been very disappointing... The marinara sauce was very sweet... Tasted like it was half sugar... The baked dish called fazoletti, was horrible!!! It was great at one time..The owner Marc doesn't seem to be there much anymore... This place has really gone downhill.
3	I was in the neighborhood for work and was starving and needed a place to eat at 10 am (most lunch establishments around here open at 11 am) so Yelp and the helpful filters led me here.The establishment is catered to the locals and has an old school feel in a good way.  Our server was very nice and helpful.  My co-worker was in the mood for bruschetta which was not on the menu, but the chef made one for us anyway.It was delicious with fresh tomatoes and a nice blend of acidity and sweetness.  I tried the fazoletti which was pretty good.  I never had it before, but it was described to me as a deconstructed lasagna, which I really like.  The dish was solid, and the portions were generous.  Overall it was a decent local place and good value.
5	Great restaurant. Amazing menu that changes seasonally and daily. You can even get pasta to go with their delicious sauce. Only complaint they are closed on Mondays
3	Read it was the best spot in Vegas for pasta so I decided to check it out. Beet salad  - average.  Could've used more sprinkled cheese and the dressing tasted store bought.  Charred octopus - great. Julienne apple and cucumber salad with chickpeas was a nice accompaniment. They change the homemade pasta daily;  what I had tonight might not be offered tomorrow night or even next week. Gnocchi with ham in a cream sauce with sweet peas - came out of the kitchen without peas. Not a big deal, the chef fixed it for me right away. The softest gnocchi I ever have in my life, very tasty and heavy.  Cavatelli Bolognese - traditional meat sauce,  great flavor. Bread was served hot - first baskets free, $1.50 each additional.  1 glass of wine and the 4 selections above came out to $85. Not for the wallet minded.  I like the decor. Chef and an Italian deli feel were both present.  It was good food but quite far from my house; I really wouldn't go out of my way again to return.  Thats how I know my 3 stars are fair, Id travel far for Amazing food!! Or maybe its because Im an Italian from NY and Vegas will never have 5 star pasta ;)
5	Excellent lunch.
4	Our favorite was the chicken parm sandwich. Meatball spaghetti was great and the kids loved it!
3	With an average of four stars after more than three hundred reviews, I think my expectations were a little unrealistic. Our party of five went for a midweek lunch during the typical lunch hour. There was no crowd to speak of, yet the service was a little slow and it took a while for the food to arrive after ordering.  I ordered the Parma sandwich, as did a few others in the group. The meats and fixings were mighty tasty, but the bread left my jaw feeling like I had just gone a few rounds. Yo Adrian, my jaw hurts! The sandwich was ala carte. Not even a pickle on the side. I opted for a side salad to compliment my Parma. The waitress recommended a chopped salad. It was outstanding, however, I guess I missed the eight dollar price on the menu. Holy Cow. I left a little disappointed, with a sore jaw and twenty-two dollars lighter in the wallet. I will give it another shot, but more likely for a date night dinner and not a midweek lunch.
4	Service was real personable, chef actually comes out to greet and follow up with you. The menu changes daily so the server says. I inquired a dish that was not on the menu but on yelp and the chef made it happen. To me, that was prime customer service!!!! Enjoyed our dinner and feeling pleased.
5	Chef Marc is such an amazingly knowledgeable chef! The way he prepares food is truly an art and has always been delicious every time I dine there. I love this restaurant and usually bring friends from out of town here because it never disappoints. They have things that are available everyday but the majority of things are changed on the menu daily from what's fresh, and I LOVE that. Great food and a comfortable environment
1	(About 4-5 months ago...I forgot to post this) So we drove up and a sign was up that they won't reopen until 5pm (it's Saturday)...they opened the doors at 504p. 10 mins later they took our order, gave us water and bread. We devoured the bread. Note that we were the 2nd table to sit down. We did not order appetizers or salads. It took a long time to get our food (more than 30 mins) and service was blah. I thought it was consistent for everyone until a regular came in and 2 servers went and spoke to them...I guess it would have been nice to be treated like that too. Isn't that the best thing about going to a 'locals' restaurant? Anyway, food was good but with the service that night, not going back.
4	Great Italian Beef sandwich very unique with the dipping sauce.  It has a slight kick, but real good.
5	This place was so confusing. I have driven by this place for years and never really noticed it. It was totally unexpected based on its location. It does not seem as big as it is from the outside. The food is amazing and the menu is constantly changing so you can eat there all the time and never get bored of the food. Chef Marc is extremely creative and his food is delicious!
5	Another round of MANGIA! with Chef Marc in the Steppin' Out series (Round 5), another great Italian food-inspired meal at Chef Marc's now expanded rustic Parma by Chef Marc ristorante.FIRST COURSE: As a first course, those partaking of Chef Marc's fine Chef's Table presentation were treated to a Deconstructed Caprese Salad with Buffalo Mozzarella and Tomato Pulp that had been freed of all acid, plated atop first-rate Balsamic Vinegar.  Green flecks that tasted like faint Pesto were also on the plate.  This concoction was very tasty, including the best Buffalo Mozzarella I have experienced to date.  Chef Marc imparted that this cheese was derived from water buffalo cow inhabiting the environs of Naples.SECOND COURSE: For a second course, we were presented with two very large platters of New York Style Hot Antipasto for every 3 diners, so that, try as we might, some of this delectable food was left behind.  We got to sample Eggplant rolled up like a burrito or Chinese Eggroll but not deep-fried; lovely Clams filled with Oregano, Parsley, and Bread Crumbs to become Clam Oreganata; naked Calamari; Mussels filled with Artichoke Hearts; and some Green Peppers and cut mushrooms spread throughout the hot platters like accent marks unifying all elements of this sumptuous and quite filling appetizer.  Would that Western Style Antipasto plates were this tasty and refined!Also complementing this dish was excellent cheese-topped and crusty bread and butter.  But, alas, Chef Marc directed his servers to remove the bread soon after the repast began, lest we fill up too much on it.THIRD COURSE: For the next course, we were treated to a very hot and nuanced Spinach & Walnut Risotto with flakes of Mascarpone Cheese circling 'round the rim of the bowl.  This rich offering was quite flavorful without any single component overpowering the others.FOURTH COURSE: As a main course, set down before us was a bowl of rich, delicious, and fork-tender Slow-braised Neapolitan Veal Cheek, along with German-style Red Cabbage made with Brown Sugar and Red Wine Vinegar, and subtly flavored Polenta.  The star of this assemblage was the Veal Cheek, which tasted much like well-prepared Osso Buco.  And, Chef Marc confirmed that this entree did actually come from the cheeks of young calves.  FIFTH COURSE:  As a fifth and final course, we were treated to a dessert plate with slices of Green Apple, honey in a small pouring bowl, Blueberries, and somewhat springy planks of solid Parmesan Cheese that Chef Marc referred to as "diving boards."  These elements were to be assembled and joined together according to our personal whims.  I found that dabs of honey acted like glue when Blueberries were pressed into them on top of a plank of cheese, and the conglomeration was further sweetened by adding a honey-soaked slice of apple into the mouth when chewing.  This sweet and cheesy dish was my least favorite course, but I appreciated the simplicity and inventiveness of the dish.  Everything else I thought was both creative and a foodie's delight. Throughout the meal, Chef Marc or one of his assistants provided a running commentary of each course just before it was served, and patiently answered all diners' questions.  This added to the enjoyment of the experience, although in previous MANGIA! rounds Chef Marc did all the narration himself, which I liked better.Most of our group of about 17 diners experienced the Chef's Table (some with wine pairings), but a few, like Diane, ordered ala carte.  And, she was quite pleased with the two quite large and lean scallops of Veal Parmesan Alfredo and Penne Alfredo with which she was presented.  Half of the order served as a fine lunch the next day.Nelson and Sylvia Q. presented all diners with a vial of sand from different beaches in Hawaii, and did another great job in organizing this event.  Props to them for hosting, and to Chef Marc and his staff for preparing and serving, yet another outstanding MANGIA! dining extravaganza!
5	Great place for locals. Service is very good and made me feel like I was their only customer. I had the chicken Reggie with the hottest spice level. Great taste and will be back. My complements to the chef!
4	I finally got to try this place again as I went in a few years ago with my family but my kids hated at as they didn't have kids meals. I however remembering having a very tasty linguini with red clam sauce. Today, went in with my Mom for lunch and saw they had a limited item menu with sandwiches, salads and a couple of pastas. I was about to order the spaghetti with bolognese sauce when I mentioned I had linguini with red clam sauce that was tasty once and although it wasn't on the menu, she said, "We can make that." and off she went. Oh boy, it was awesome - heavy on the garlic with a smidge of red pepper flake kick.  Awesome!  They charged us the same as the spaghetti would have cost. This place knows tasty food. I was very pleased.
5	Chef Marc's restaurant, Parma, is a hidden gem. Off the strip towards Summerlin, offers Italian cuisine via Chef Marc of uncompromising quality and flavor. All pasta and sauces are homemade, created from imported Italian sources.his 16 ounce pork chop El Chico is addicting! Every colleague  that I brought the Las Vegas has always made Parma a must one stop each visit to Las Vegas. Good food, good wine, a unique atmosphere which offers three different dining experiences as well as takeout is found at this restaurant. I challenge anyone did visits Las Vegas regularly to find a better value than Parmain Las Vegas.
5	Parma is awesome. If you want exceptional tasting Italian food, go to Parma. The reviews with 3 stars are ridiculous. These people must think they are Gordon Ramsey and their goal is to find fault. Quite simply, the food is delicious.
5	This place is AMAZING!!! My husband amd I dine out a few times a month. Finally, made it into Parma & we were not disappointed. GREAT FOOD, great setting & Marc is a nice guy.I recommend the escargot....
5	My wife and I are in total agreement that this is our favorite restaurant and our main home is in Salt Lake City! We found Parma on yelp two years ago and have brought many of our friends to this hidden Gem in Las Vegas. Chef Marc is great. He comes out and explains how he cooks his meals and what his specials are. Tracy thank you for making us feel at home. Great service and atmosphere.DJM
5	Excellent food!Service was great.... Reasonable too.I can't wait to go back and try some of the other stuff on the menu.
5	Easy , roasted beet salad, a 10.Arugula salad,10. Manicotti , lasagne, rum cake and chocolate cake - all 10s. There you go!
5	The food is amazing and you can tell it's fresh. I have been going to Parma for years and even though it did have a rough patch some months back, they bounced back and are serving up the same great food they were before.
5	I love Parma! The service is always great, especially with Zach, and the food is immaculate. I go to Parma when I'm really craving Italian food. The menu has so much to offer I never get bored of my options. I would definitely recommend to everyone.
2	I was browsing the pictures on Yelp before I arrived and all of the pasta dishes looked amazing. I came in on a Tuesday morning, right before noon. When the waitress dropped off the menu, I was incredibly disappointed that the menu was drastically different from what was pictured. Turns out that all the dishes I had my eye on were only served at dinner. To top it off, the dinner menu items are not offered at all during lunch. I ordered the chicken parmesan, which came with a side of spaghetti. The chicken had a tang to it. I wasn't sure if it was a lemony marinade or if the chicken was bad. But I ate it.  The side spaghetti was just ok. I wouldn't order it by itself.I had a taste of my husband's eggplant parmesan and that was a lot better. A little salty for my taste, but better than that funky chicken.
3	I came during a week day during lunch and parking was easy I was right up front.  Visiting this place I was a little skeptical.  It's part deli, part restaurant and part lounge?  When you enter there is a large couch seating area. on the inside wall there are Italian supplies and then there are dinning tables and another dinning section inside.  The front is for the cashier and a gelato fridge.  I started with the white bean soup.  I'll be getting this on return visits, it had a great mix of flavors and the white bean and noodle went well together. I ordered the eggplant parmesan which was good too but was a little salty and came with a side of spaghetti which I did enjoy.  Overall, the food tasted good to me and I would like to try the dinner menu.  I saw them go to the microwave a lot so that did have me a little worried.  I think the night/weekend shifts are probably better and have fresher food than a Tuesday lunch.The menu was limited on my visit to some sandwiches and a small selection of pastas among a couple other choices.  Looking online, I see a lot of dishes which are only available at night (mac and cheese and my absolute favorite Gnocchi).  I'll need to return to try them and if they are as good as it looks I'll edit my review.  I was hesitant to choose the spaghetti with Bolognese because some of the pictures I've seen online it didn't look like what I'm familiar with (a darker richer sauce, online it looks like just red spaghetti sauce and if it was what I got with my selection I wouldn't have liked it as my only dish item).  I would have liked a larger selection for lunch at least offer the signature dishes and being out of town it will be a challenge to revisit in the short term.
5	Great food as always, we always enjoy lunch here.  No ones does a better Roast Beef sandwich than here.  And those are the words of someone who made his own roast beefs as a kid working in the deli.  Our dinner Saturday night was with my in-laws all 8 of them who not only loved the food but the service by our waiter and the chef for our autistic son was phenomenal.   Thank you!
4	This place was really good, better than I had thought. They had a nice lounge area and everything was really good, great service. Only reason I didn't give it a five star was because they didn't really have that much to choose from for lunch.
5	Amazing service and fresh food!! Owner treated us like royalty and was so appreciative of our business!
5	My favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. This place came highly recommended by my good yelp buddies (The Qs). The quality of food you get at this place is above some of the posh Italian joints on the strip. All the servers are extremely friendly and Chef Marc will personally stop by your table to educate everyone on his unique creations. I've been here twice and never been disappointed with any of the food I've ordered. The best thing about their pasta dishes is that pastas are freshly made and their sauces are unique to each variety of pasta dish to compliment it.  I also love their mushroom and spinach appetizer, its not on the menu sometimes, but every time I've asked for it they have made it for us. I would also recommend their Chicken Marsala, the sauce is just out of this world. The tasting courses offered at Parma are also exquisite. Chef Marc take a liberty on trying out new dishes that combine old Italian recipes with neo-American Italian style. Lot of these experimental dishes were featured in a yelp event that I went to. The best thing about this event was  the way Chef Marc educated uninformed foodies like me about the history and his childhood experience with particular Italian dishes and his versatile take on it. This is the best Italian food you'll have in Las Vegas and for the the quality of food and the service make this the best deal for the prices they are charging. Its great for any occasion. And its the best way to end my 2014 Yelp review line up.
1	ZERO STARS!!!! I was hosting a party for one of the college bowl games. I place an order the day before. When I went to pick up my order they did not have it ready. Not only was it not ready they said there was no order ever made. Then they told me that the price they quoted me over the phone was completely incorrect. I told them money wasn't the issue I just need the food for my party!! They then came out of the kitchen and told me they had to adjust my ticket price because they didn't have enough food.  Next the owner "chef Marc" came out was completely rude! Yelled at me said I never made an order and said I could take what food they had and cook it myself. He then told me they were closed and he had to get ready for the night. Needless to say I left without any food for my party and feeling completely disrespected!!!! So....THANKYOU  chef Marc for all of your help on my football party! I hope your new years party goes as well as mine did. Unfortunately I have to give at least 1star. I'm pretty upset about that too!!!
4	I really like this place but it's off the beaten path and not a place I can get to often enough. The Italian Beef sandwich is what keeps me coming back but each time I order an additional item on the menu. I recently had the meatballs and sausage in Sunday sauce and was not as impressed with the flavors. It was a bit bland to me and it just made me focus again on the Italian Beef sandwich.I like the couch seating the have in the middle of the restaurant. It may seem odd at first but it's a nice option for people that want a more relaxed dining experience. Service is spotty. One female server was awesome three visits ago. More recent visits left me wanting more attention to my water glass but the service was friendly.
