5	This is such an incredible place.. Just the lay out alone is something everyone must experience.. I love the shabby chic full length mirrors they have.. The customer service is incredible and the blow outs are amazing!!
5	This place is beautiful!  Very welcoming atmosphere.  The blowout bar is really fun.  Lots of different choices of styles.  As a local I would rather stay away from the strip and this is the place to go!  Great prices, friendly staff, and great work.Ask for Jamy to do your blowout!!!!  She did an amazing job and it only took 1/2 hour....I felt like a movie star.
5	This place is super cute! I love the decorations in the room, there isn't another place in Vegas like this. The girls all take their time to make sure they pamper you and they all talk together to make you feel like you are at home. The front desk girls were also very helpful to book other appointments that I wanted to book that day and for future appointments. I especially loved the oil treatments and the scalp massage. The prices are very moderate for such a high end place like this. I will definitely be coming here for all of my services and cannot wait for their other services to open up for me. I am so excited that I found this place!!!!
5	Sam Villa's HairShow Blowout Bar is such a unique and beautiful venue! There are upside-down parasols hanging from the ceiling that add creativity to the stylish space. I got my first blowout last night before heading to a work event and was really happy with the turnout. There are several hairstyles you can choose from or you can bring in your own picture on how you'd like your hair to be done. I loved the big mirrors and comfortable chairs you get to sit in while being pampered. Plus there is a fun step-and-repeat wall that you can take pictures with your friends to make it look like your walking a red carpet!
5	Went to Jamy for a blowout. She did a great job and the price is reasonable.
5	As a local, I hate going down to the strip but the location of this blowout bar couldn't have been better. It's location inside Town Square is great since it's so central to everything and right off the freeway so you don't have to fight crazy tourist traffic and taxi's.The blowouts and updos they offer are beautiful and done within minutes so you're not sitting for hours. By the time you leave the blowout bar, you look and feel like a movie star.
5	My twin and I celebrated our 30th birthday in Las Vegas. We began our celebration at this amazing high end salon. Customer service was outstanding! In addition to the high end look they sincerely hired the best staff. First impression is key to a successful business and this salon over exceeded my expectation. They treated my friends and I like royalty! We drove to Vegas from Palm Springs, and I can't tell you that we have a salon like this one. I would fly to this place daily just to get my hair done if I could! Ask for my stylist Hope. She's amazing and very detailed! My hair lasted for 3 days! I'm not embarrassed to say it! You will see when you get there! Try it! Reasonable prices for outstanding service!!! Thank you!!!
5	Ok Joscelin is the best! Me and my friend Christie came for a blow out! Joscelin let me nap while she did her magic!! I will be back! It's my very first time here! I felt welcome from the moment I walked in! The coffee is yummy! Marissa is super nice too! Christie and I will be back! Thank you Joscelin and Marissa for a great experience!! I feel like a million bucks!!
5	Beautiful salon. I unfortunately was running 15 min late because I got lost but they were very accommodating despite my stylist being booked for the entire rest of the day. I had a blowout with Joscelin and she gave me the exact style I wanted with vavavoom volume. Very pleased (and I'm a hairdresser myself) . Also the complimentary scented oil for your hair was a nice touch. Highly recommend !!!
5	Sam Villa is an amazing, posh, and unique salon. My sister wanted her 9-person bachelorette party to get blowouts during our weekend in Vegas. After researching different options on Yelp, Sam Villa seemed like the best option in terms of value, vibe, and proximity to our hotel. Take it from me--it's impossible to get a blowout for under $75 anywhere on The Strip. Sam Villa's Town Square locale is a welcomed reprieve from all of the cosmopolitan chaos, and worth the 10-minute cab fare, and $30 savings x the number in your party for blowouts.I called a week prior to schedule 9 appointments. The receptionist was very personable and accommodating for a party of our size. We had half of our party booked for 3pm on a Saturday, and the other half for an hour later at 4pm. On the day of our appointments, half of our group was too tired and zoned out by the pool to get their hair done. When I called at 1pm to cancel the five 3pm slots, the staff at Sam Villa was super forgiving and understanding and didn't penalize or guilt us at all for bailing last minute like many salons would have. After leaving a few minutes late and getting lost on the way there (completely my fault), the receptionist gave us directions and the four of us arrived a full half an hour late for our appointments. The salon is gorgeous, bright, and spacious--we felt like we were in a hip club in the best way possible. Considering our past transgressions, I expected the staff to completely turn us away, but they met us with enthusiastic smiles and understanding manners. The receptionist explained that the stylists need a full hour for each blowout in order to do a thorough and personalized job for each customer. Because our stylists were booked for the rest of the day, they were only able to work two of us in for blowouts. They offered styling, makeup application, and nail services to the rest of us as available alternatives. I ended up getting a wonderful Essie manicure with the most friendly and warm technician I've ever had--she even gave me a party nail at no extra cost! The remaining member of our group had her makeup applied and loved it. After canceling 5 appointments last minute, and arriving 30 minutes late, the 4 of us left very happy and beautified thanks to Sam Villa's amazingly talented, kind, and professional staff. My sister, the 2x weekly blowout queen, said that this was the best blowout she's ever received. We will definitely be back next time we're in Vegas.As a longtime Yelp user, this is the first business I've ever visited that compelled me to actually sit down and write a review. Thank you, Sam Villa, for a fabulous experience! We promise to be better next time.
5	Sam Villa's HairShow Blowout Bar was an A+ experience.  From the amazing decor and vibe, to the friendly and professional staff, their very accommodating schedule, and the blowout itself.  Everything was perfect.  Not to mention the one-stop-beauty extravaganza that Look Style Society offers -- it's super convenient, though I can only speak to HairShow since I only got a blowout.  I have pretty fine, "slippery" hair -- so it's always a tall order to get those beautiful "Victoria's Secret model" curls, volume, and height...and get them stay put.  My stylist not only achieved the look I wanted...but it lasted all night out on the town, and even the next day after sleeping on it!  No dry shampoo needed either.  Incredible and impressed. Other things to note -- the scalp massage during the shampoo was heavenly.  The products they use are all of high quality (Redken, Pureology, and Sam Villa's tools), and they explain exactly what they are using on you so you can recreate the look at home.  They have them all for sale right there in the boutique too which is really helpful.The pricing is spot-on -- a really great value, especially if you can take advantage of the blowout package they offer.Tip:  Look Style Society is a bit tricky to find in Town Square, as the signage isn't so visible from the street.  It's on the north side, on the corner of North Drive and The Ave N. I highly recommend!
5	Marketing definitely works. Got a flyer for the free blowout at a Yelp event and got a fabulous blowout from Hope.  Also, the place is laid out nicely with different rooms for the nail and hair services.  I'll definitely be back for future blowouts and to try the other services.
5	Awesome place.  Awesome deal for locals.This place has great prices on blowouts and the fact that it's in Townsquare doesn't hurt!  My friend and I had blowouts and she also had her eye makeup done.  At first I thought it was a little pricey just for eye makeup...until I saw how good it looked.  I can't remember her name but this chick is INCREDIBLE.  Seriously.  Her eyes still looked just as glam the next day (and yes, she definitely rocked that same makeup the next day at the pool)!  I'm definitely going back and next time I'll have my makeup done too!
5	A few weeks ago my bestfriend was turning 21, so I last minute looked for a place to get a blowout. SO happy that I found this place. Super easy to book an appointment online. The location at Town Square is convenient and the salon is gorgeous. I had my hair done by AJ, she is amazing!!! The head massage felt great and they let you choose a hair oil, I went for coconut- smells so good! She did a fantastic job and is an absolute sweetheart. I cant wait to have another reason to go back! And to top it all off, a super affordable price. Go! You won't leave disappointed
5	Went about three times to this place. First time was good, second time not so great. Girl did not know how to blow dry curly hair. Third time i went to get a blow dry a girl named Hope did my hair. She did an amazing job, if you ever go for a blow dry ask for her. Also the place has amazing decor, great place to bring a group out.
5	Hope is the best! I was referred to her through a friend who knew I needed to book a blowout asap. When I arrived, all 3 people standing at the front desk were really friendly and helpful and told me I could look around as I was early. Their store is really nice and has a very clean feeling. I got some lovely candles before I'd even gone into the salon. My appointment was right on time :) I have naturally very long straight hair and she deep conditioned it before giving me some amazing curls that lasted. I've been there twice in 2 weeks already!Thanks Hope!!!!!!!!
5	On Sunday my husband and I were going to have professional photos taken and I decided at the last minute that I'd like to get my hair done. I looked online at a couple of blowout bars and was able to get an appointment within three hours at Sam Villa's. Honestly I was not TOO enthused that it was at Town Square (as a local I avoid that mall like the plague) but figured oh well. The location is actually pretty great, it is on the outskirts of the mall, in an area without a lot of traffic by the Brazilian restaurant. Parking was a breeze, I was able to park right in front and not worry about sweating and ruining my hair. I was greeted at the entrance and my stylist Gabriella brought me in immediately. I told her what the occasion was and described the look I wanted, soft, bouncy curls. Well, she got to work on my hair. I am usually not very impressed with hair stylists in this town and can tell from the way they dry your hair if they are up to my standards. Usually when blow drying my thick, coarse and curly hair, the person does not use enough strength to do it and leaves it frizzy-ish. Not Gabriella, girl is strong but gentle. Anyway, after the blow drying she got to work on my hair and actually gave me tips to replicate it at home. Yeah right. My hair ended up looking fabulous, even better than I had hoped, really. Despite using more product than I would at home, it did not feel weighed down or greasy at all. Score!While they do your hair you can be entertained by the fashion show runaways playing on the screen as well as these crazy hair demos by (presumably) Sam Villa. All in all a great experience. Although I kind of thought it was expensive at first, I can totally justify going there at least every couple of months for a special occasion.
5	I go to Look Style Society often for blowouts at Sam Villa Blow Out Bar and appointments with my hair stylist, Angelo (who is AWESOME!).  I am a regular at the Blow Out Bar, usually seeing Angelo but when I need an appointment on his off days, I have also had great experiences with the other stylists.  After having several blowout appointments with Angelo I made an appointment with him for the works.  After having him cut, color and style my hair I was SO HAPPY!  I have a standing appointment with him now every month for cut and color!
5	Omg this place is amazzzzzzing!! I just had a blow out by gabi, super sweet girl, and the best blow out of my life!! She suggested a detox system and my hair has never felt healthier!! Way better than any blowout bar in Vegas!! But they do color, cuts, and nails too!!!
5	Love this place ! The staff is extremely polite and funny they made my experience a great one. Kayley did my hair she was friendly, talkative and professional i recommend you request her. First they shampoo your hair then they begin to style it, and all while using great products. They also curl your hair ! all for 35.00 !! I was blown away by how much time and effort they put into doing a great job for such a bargain ! make sure to tip well :)
5	Made an appointment with a simple click through Yelp! Was able to get in for a Blow Out within the hour. Was immediately greeted by the front desk girl when I walked in. The manager did my blow out and was phenomenal. Great conversations and she did my hair top notch. I was impressed and my hair held the style all day and night without falling flat. I highly recommend this place for Blow-Outs AND the eye treatment. Will definitely be going back for all of my salon needs. Plus being able to book my appointment through Yelp is very convenient. I love it. They use Essie nail polish and have every color known to man...so I will definitely be getting a mani and Pedi next time I get my hair done. I will gladly drive across town to go here. Great place and surprisingly cheap for the quality and experience you receive.
5	Another super blow out I had during my visit in the USA! I had an appointment on Friday September 26 and the girl that did my hair was a real pro! I forgot her name but do remember her roots were from El Salvador... She was the best: friendly, chatty, I felt really welcome and did an amazing job on my hair. It lasted for more than a week which is almost impossible with my hair!!! Ladies will be back when I visit Las Vegas again!!
5	I am very picky about getting my hair done. I have curly hair and a lot of the times my hair ends up frizzy. Not here. I loved my hair. I was going for an old hollywood look and the stylist ( i feel so bad not remembering her name) got exactly want I wanted. The hair came out so amazing. I got so many compliments on my hair that night. This is definitely going to be the place I get my hair done for any occasion.
5	Love this place! Hope is my definitely the best I've ever been to! Wonderful blowouts, great suggestions,  and her personality trumps it all. I would definitely recommend her to anyone!
