2	I was lured in by the street side billboard offering a Large pepperoni pizza for $5.00-and as they say you get what you pay for.It was fast & they were real nice and the prices on everything on the menu are real reasonable but...When I first opened the box I thought they had given me a cheese pizza but quickly i realized they just put the chesse ON TOP.I have had many a pizza and this was a 1st...the pizza was cheap and nothing to write home about..actually it was another 1st in my house. 1st pizza to NOT get finished.I wouldn't bother with the pizza here again but I'd give their other stuff a try.
4	4-item Pizza, Great Salad, Spaghetti w Meat Sauce, $31 delivered.Scott's experience is different than mine. The price is modest, the portions are large, the hand-tossed, New-Yorkish sorta-style dough was gorgeously risen. Although I would have preferred a little more sauce (which is why smart customers who knew what to say when they're really, really hungry sometimes say, erm, "Extra Sauce Please", donchyaknow, but I wasn't so smart...), I really liked this pizza.Easy to order on the telephone, for the most part, and delivered exactly at the one hour mark as promised. Hey, when you're busy, you're busy. But the guy on the phone said about an hour, and sure enough...it was an hour on the dot.And the salad...nice, generous portions, not just a bunch of sliced iceberg lettuce. And the spaghetti is more like a casserole with cheese baked on top.I was rather impressed, in comparison with Scott.
4	I learned about this place because they had slipped a take out menu underneath my door at the hotel I was staying at. Even though I adore pizza, I was feeling less than enthusiastic about ordering from some random business that I didn't know a thing about, but we ordered a large veggie and salad anyways. Turns out, the pizza was actually quite good! The crust was amazing - nice and fluffy and totally edible. Plus, they didn't skimp on ingredients - both on the pizza and on the salad. I really hate it when restaurants get cheap when it comes to giving you your vegetables, but Sarfino's did not disappoint. Next time I go to Vegas, I'm ordering my pizza here (plus it was a ton better value than the other overpriced food you find on the strip!)!
5	On 29 July for total $25 I bought 2 extra large, thin-crust pizzas (and I asked for "extra sauce"): 1 pepperoni only and 1 combo/supreme.  It fed 5 adults and 2 kids, with 2 slices leftover to spare.  My friends and I thought the pies were excellent and I'll be buying Sarfino's from now on instead of Pizza Hut or Costco's eatery's pizza.  I had asked the employee (owner?) how long they've been open and he said "10 yrs" so it's strange they only have 4 Yelp reviews.
4	I use to go here all the time when i lived just a couple of blocks away, I've never had a bad experience with this place. I usually get there $5 pizza for my son and ill order there Philly cheese steak. The pizzas pretty good for being only $5 dollars but there Philly cheese steaks are delicious i love them there greasy flavorful and mmm mmm good. Service is great food is good will defiantly be returning here =)
4	Their carry-out specials are great! The toppings are like extra toppings and the crust is crisp n chewy, I've read some ppl ask fir extra sauce but I thought it was good enough, unless u like saucy pizzas. Overall really good value n pizza were ready to pick up in 15mins. Nice guys that work there too...
5	Great pizza as well as great prices!!
5	I love this Pizzeria! Realy tasty pizza! The best pizza in Vegas!
3	I seem to recall ordering from here once before I ordered today though I can't seem to remember when that was or even what I ordered.  I guess it wasn't too memorable.  So before I forget again, here is my review for the day.My office ordered from Sarfino's for lunch today.  I ordered a lamb gyro.  One co-worker got a lunch special #6, a meatball sub with fries and a Coke.  Another co-worker ordered a Philly Cheese Steak sandwich.  My gyro was loaded with onion which I don't like but it is my own fault for not ordering without.  I should have known better.  Aside from that, the meat was flavorful but on the dry side.  The tzatziki sauce was thick and very good.  The fries were soggy from sitting in the box.  The meatball sandwich ordered looked incredible.  Three big meatballs smothered in cheese.  I shant repeat myself on the status of the fries.  The Philly looked good too.  A good amount of meat with a lot of yellow cheese.  If you want cheese on your steak be sure to order the cheese steak rather than the plain steak.  Sarfino's has several varieties of steak sandwich.When I placed my order,  hanging up the phone at 11:04, I was told it would be about 45-55 minutes.  I waited for one full hour before calling to check the status.  I was told the driver had left and should have arrived.  The driver called about 1 minute later.  I thought this was a long wait for a couple of sandwiches.  Then I realized that Sarfino's is not all close to my office.  I think we are on the edge of their delivery zone.  So the time it took to arrive, while irritating, is acceptable.Perhaps now that I have written my review I will remember ordering from Sarfino's in the future.  It may be a while before I order from here again.  The food is okay but not for how long it takes to prepare and deliver.
4	The pizza here is really good, reasonable and the service is fast but also friendly. When my boyfriend and I are craving pizza at home night we run here and grab a pizza to go because it is tasty and cheap.The sauce and crust is really good with a nice chew to it. They also are generous with the cheese and toppings. The cheese is really flavorful and hot and gooey like it should be!$6.95 for an x-large pizza that taste great is a deal!We will be back many more times for our fast and convenient at home pizza with a movie grub nights!They also have a $5.00 pizza deal as well.Enjoy!
1	DISCLAIMER: I did not eat here. I thought it was a problem that the only way I knew I was in a pizza joint is because there were pizza boxes on the wall. It didn't even smell like pizza. It was confusing.
5	The restaurant is a little creepy. The bathroom wasnt working and neither were the soda fountains, but the pizza was a wonderful surprise! The cheese was great! I wouldn't dine in, but I'd take out again on my next visit.
2	Quick delivery via Eat24, gigantic pizzas and salads.Pizza is greasy, toppings slide off when picking a slice, cheese flavors weren't particularly prominent. Didn't really like how onions were chopped so finely instead of in strips, and somehow tasted almost slimy? Pie itself seemed undercooked.But crust is very good, and salads are fresh and gigantic- dressing cups in a bowl the size of which most other places reserve for portions of soup.I'd order from here again in a pinch, but it wouldn't be my first pick.
2	My boy toy and I used to pick up a cheap pizza from here on the way home before play time. It was close to our homes and place of employment at the time. It was bad on both of those last visits. I was really counting on the nourishment since I was in for a long and active night in. On one of the visits the pizza was even burned charcoal black on a few of the slices crust. Ok so my biggest issue with eateries is that some of them are just not consistent. When I have a good memory then visit and it is bad, it really sucks round hanging flesh!One day a pizza is great then the next it is thin, dry and bare of cheese and toppings. This is what has happened the last two times. I understand having an every day pizza special, but come on put some toppings on the pizza. If I wanted baked plain dough that is thin and dry chewy I would ask for it!I wish I had snapped a photo of the last pizza we got, it was  bare with so many bubbles that were not even covered.Bad, Bad, Bad.Shame on you Sarfino's! You did me wrong, one too many times! We are over!
4	My go to pizza place in Las Vegas since Pizza Hut sucks out here! My boyfriend & I usually get the pepperoni/sausage pizza which is top notch greasy when hot. We love, love, love it! But after it gets cold it tastes like cardboard to me.The customer service is great too. Always friendly and knows my boyfriend by his name because he goes there so often.After school he usually buys 2 xxtra large pepperonis and they feed 5 hungry little kids.
