4	Manna had just opened next to our school in the newly bulit commercial plaza, and Theresa B. and I were meaning to check it out soon. Before we walked into the store, we noticed that they were having a deal: Buy one platter and get the second for 1/2 off. It was about 6pm, and the place was empty. The owner was on his computer, when we walked in, sitting in ordinary wood cafe-type chairs suitable for a fast food type of place. He automatically greeted us, and seemed very patient as we took our precious time browsing the menu. You can choose between just a sandwich or a platter, which includes a choice of fries or salad.The badly-spelled menu had sections like "Manna Traditional Favorites, Chicken, Beef and Wrap, Soup and Salad, Sides Order, and Drinks and Deserts". The Manna Traditional section has items like the original gyro, chicken gyro, a sampler platter (hummus, tabbouleh, chicken kebab, gyro meat, falafel), gyro burger, and meat balls. The Chicken section has items like garlic chicken, chicken caesar, and chicken kabob. The Beef and Wrap has items like Beef Kabob, Beef Kefta, Mediterranean Burger, Falafel, and Vegetarian wrap. The Soup and Salad section has items like the Mediterranean Salad, and Tabbouleh (mix of chopped parsley, tomato, cracked wheat, extra virgin olive oil, and fresh lemon juice). The Sides section includes hummus, french fries, and grape leaves (mix of rice, beef, lemon wrapped in grape leaves! YUM!) The Drinks and Deserts (Desserts! hehe) section has Calcium Broth (Milk, Banana,Strawberry, Honey), Energy Drink (Carrot, Orange, Apple), rice pudding, baklava, and Airan (Homemade Yogurt).Theresa B. and I decided on the Original Gyro and the Chicken Gyro sandwiches. The Original Gyro had grilled charbroiled beef and lamb topped with fresh red onion (very fresh!), tomato, tzatziki or Manna sauce. Surprisingly, after suspecting the lamb to smell and have the weird taste that I am not a big fan of, the lamb tasted very good. It didn't have that intense lamb smell. However, as I ate the lamb by itself without all the condiments with it, I could definitely taste the lamb, very subtle though...Ehhhh....The onions were so fresh too! I really needed to pop gum into my mouth or brush my pearlies after that!The owner and associate were very nice, and asked our opinion about the food. They told us that it gets very busy at lunch time. I would definitely try their Falafel, Mediterranean Burger/Gyro Burger, baklava, grape leaves, among other things the next time...*Could be a little pricey for Greek/Mediterranean food...Here are some other things you might want to know:If you want to pick up, call 15 minutes in advance.They deliver: Minimum order is $20 w/ a limited area; $2 delivery chargeCatering is also available.
5	stumbled upon this little gem by accident and boredom and soo happy we did! they make alot of the menu items homemade and cater to vegetarians. i've tried lots of greek places in vegas and this place has the absolute best homemade pita's and falafel. very fresh food, clean restaurant, kind staff + cheap + fast, wow!!
4	Wow. Surprised to see so many reviews already! Glad this place is getting business...On that note...I work near this place and decided to try it for lunch. It was good. I loved the Falafel, which is home made and as flavorful as I've ever had it. Ceasar salad on the platter was just average, but tasty non-the-less. I loved their hummus and tabulleh. Very fresh. Everything was very fresh and definitely prepared for order. Nothing tasted stale or greasy. Very accomodating owners. Chicken gyro/regular gyro was also definitely above average.Chicken shawarma was very disappointing, though. The meat was not very flavorful, and I've had much better shawarmas pretty much anywhere. Fries were not dinner fries, but of the "thin" variety. Expected the "meaty" tesxture diner fries, a bit of a disappointment.Atmosphere is tha of a "lunch" spot, very barely decorated, and has that "food court" feel. Overall, this place is gret for the food. Of course, certain dishes taste better than others, but overall a great and healthy choice for lunch. I would highly recommend this one for flavorful vegetarian options.
2	Only went here one time. I'd ordered a kabobs meal from there and didn't like it. Pricey for not so enjoyable meal. People are friendly, but I'm not so sure about the food.
2	there are better greek/mediterranean places around.
3	Okay...this place is becoming a bit less good. I think with the bad times the quality of food is slipping...as much as I'd love for this place to stay in business, they must do so by getting their food back to their old standards, since their prices are already on the high side for an average lunch eater on lunch break.Last couple times I was here and ordered to go, I was given Styrofoam containers that had old grease caked in there already and gyros were lukewarm at best. Hummus was also not as fresh as I came to like it from here. I did still like the falafel and the tabouli.To be fair, it's been about 1.5 months since I came here and I'll give it a try again in the next couple of weeks and will update, but for now I'm a bit disappointed with the downward outlook of this place.
5	This place is awesome!!!I went here with two of my friends and between the three of us, we tried a bunch of dishes. The food is excellent! And the owners are pretty cool, too. They came out of the kitchen to check on us (no waiter service) and talk a bit. The woman told us that it takes her two days to make the fresh hummus from scratch, because she does everything, down to soaking and grinding the beans. I hadn't had falafel in a long time, and the ones served here were awesome! They tasted just like I remember them. Mmmmm!The prices are decent, too. My falafel meal was under $5, though you can also get other items, more food for more.This is my new favorite greek place to eat. :)
4	My husband and I stopped for their lunch special.  Very good gyros...Didn't try anything else.  Everything looked good.  Reasonable lunch specials.  My only issue with Manna Taste of Mediterranean is it's location.  You would either have to be in the area of Gibson and the 215 or be specifically headed there.  Otherwise kind of out of the way.
3	This was brought in as a catered lunch for the office. I'm not a big fan of greek food, but hey you only live once so "seize the food!". hahaI'm guessing it was the lunch special. I had the boxed special? which consisted of Salad, Chix gyro? it wasnt that bad.Considering this place is around the corner? its a possible lunch place to hit when I'm tired of the usual lunch food.
1	I ordered the chicken shawarma plus fries and small soda for an additional $2.00. I also ordered hummus.1. The chicken was plain grilled chicken. It was NOT even shawarma (meat that is grilled on a spit and shaved off). The lettuce and tomato was dry. And there were pickles, not even picked veggies...WTF? The pita was at least warmed up.2. Fries were acceptable.3. The texture of the hummus was smooth but boring. It didn't even have a distinct chickpea flavor.4. Ambience: It looks like it's going to go out of business soon. It was kind of depressing.This experience really made me miss Zankou Chicken in California.
3	I've tried a few items - the only thing I really liked is the falafel. Warm lavash wrap with yummy homemade falafel. The schwarma is too fatty for me - I like to be able to eat sandwiches without picking through the meat. Will return for the falafel - good deal for $4.49.
2	This place is mediocre at best. I've come here several times because it is close to my workplace. Each time I somehow managed to get screwed over. It's come to the point where I come back with the curiosity to find out how I could get screwed this time. It's quite comical. Other than that, the food isn't that bad and I'll keep coming cause Greek food is healthier than fast food.
3	The food is pretty good. I got the greek salad with grilled chicken, which is $10.50. Its just too expensive for fast food.
3	I've driven by this place a few times & finally got around to giving it a try tonight. We called to see if they had a menu somewhere online after unsuccessfully trying to find it ourselves. They gave us their web address which I also added to the business info above. Anyway, hubby ordered the Philly Cheesesteak b/c he wasn't in the mood for mediterranean food but was still happy to pick it up for me to satisfy my craving (awww!) I decided to try the Combo plate which according to the website gives you a choice of  "any two items of Chicken, Beef, Shish Kabob or Gyro" along with salad rice & pita. Perfect b/c I like to have leftovers the next day for lunch. I wanted the chicken & beef & I guess the guy then said "shish kebob?" to which my husband replied yes.Hubby went & picked up the food, got home & I opened my box to find Kefta kabobs. Hubby called them back to say you gave us the wrong thing & that he needed to come back & pick up the right thing. I guess the misunderstanding stemmed from when the employee asked if he wanted the shish kabob & us not realizing that the kabob is only kefta. Why he asked him shish kabob? after hubby clearly ordered the chicken & beef combo plate makes little to no sense but whatever. The misunderstanding was worked out & they handled it nicely, apologized & gave us what we should have gotten the 1st time. The food was pretty good. Nicely seasoned & well cooked. It came with Caesar salad which I thought was odd. I much prefer a greek style salad. Hubby's Philly was just ok but what do you expect from a mediterranean place? lol All in all it was a good meal despite the mix-up & I'm sure we will order from them again. They are really close to our house which also made the mix-up a little easier to deal with, & it's great to have a place like this nearby for a quick, tasty & somewhat healthy meal when I don't feel like cooking!
4	Thoroughly enjoyed my Chicken Gyro and the dulmas that I had today.  The meat was very juicy and well marinated, the vegetables and pita were also quite fresh.  The atmosphere could use a bit of improvement, but the quality of the food more than makes up for it.  This is a Mediterranean gem that needs a bit more exposure.  Highly recommended for something different than the usual fare.
5	Best gryo I have had since we moved here!
1	I will not return. For the third time, I ordered a falafel with NO TOMATOES to go, confirmed with the person who handed me my food that no tomatoes were involved, then returned home to find tomatoes. The first time, I just threw it out because I did not have time to return (allergic - can't just take them off - and told them this when I ordered.) Second time I went back and they had just run out of falafel so they could not re-make my food. I got a schwarma instead and did not like it. Just got home and yet again there are tomatoes in my falafel sandwich! I called to tell them I would not be back and then got on Yelp. Absolutely ridiculous that they have not once made me a falafel sans tomatoes yet I have ordered it 3 times! Plus prices went up $1 since last time! So I have now spent almost $20 on falafel there and the only thing I even ate from those orders was a fatty schwarma.
5	Lamb Gyro's are delish !!!! Even the Baklava is homemade. I will return again for more.Don't bother with the philly's
5	Our whole family LOVES Manna! We have loved it since the first taste! Never had problems, and never have been disappointed. The service is outstanding, food is consistently delicious, and we recommend it to anyone looking for a new place to eat! Since we are regulars at Manna, we have developed a family-like relationship with them that is unbreakable! They are the sweetest people, with the best intentions. There is not one negative thing to say about Manna. All restaurants have there flaws, and by reading some reviews, nobody understands that!-Olivia (:
5	So this might be my new favorite place. Mom & Pop place. I got there around 1115 and there were already 4 tables sitting, it opens at 10 am.  I ordered the chicken kabob plate, greek salad [dressing on the side], rice and pitas.  I told 'pop' that I was trying to eat healthy so they put all the sauces on the side.  My lunch was a little under $11.  I had to take some of it  home!!! The portion sizes are huge.  They also have a TV in there where they had on the Food Network, score!  This place is not fancy, it's great for a quick lunch. The salad was amazing. Real romaine lettuce cut and washed there, it was super fresh and crunchy.  The salad might've been my favorite part. Mom & Pop were very anxious to see how I liked the food and encouraged me to come back!I've eaten at several Greek Restaurants in town, all were more expensive, and not nearly as good.
3	I've eaten here over a dozen times and know it quite well. I guess the fact that I've returned so many times probably counts for something. The owners are friendly and will often ask you how you are doing and what they can do to improve your dining experience.Sometimes I come away incredibly satisfied with the portion sizes and seasoning. I often enjoy their shawerma wraps with a bit of hot sauce. I've tried all of the chicken wraps with varied results-- sometimes they come out dry and sometimes they come out awesome. The fries are a tasty snack. I don't enjoy the gyros here near as much as I do at nearby Greek Bistro -- it feels like the tzatsiki sauce just isn't that authentic. I've had dinner platters here and absolutely loved them. I've also had kabob wraps and found the meat to be painfully dry. Or awesome, it just varies.I like this place because it is conveniently located near the 215 and Touro University. I also like the fact that it's a mom and pop owned establishment. However, the bottom line is that the service and quality here varies. Some of the employees come across as a bit apathetic and I think this comes through in the food. I recommend this place during lunch time because its a hell of a lot better than paying the same amount of money for a generic, corporate sub from you-know-where and they do have some delicious recipes. I encourage you to give it a shot-- it's relatively unique as a fast food Mediterranean joint.
1	Sometimes things are not as good the 2nd time around. I first became aware of Manna at the San Gennaro Feast when after wandering around food purgatory, the scent of their food saved me. I loved their food  then and was looking forward to checking out their main location on Gibson Rd. just North of the I-215. When I walked in I was the only customer. There was a man and woman sitting at a table talking and the man got up when I came in and went behind the counter. I placed my order for Garlic Chicken (Shawarma), a side of fries and a fountain drink. Nothing too adventurous, stick with the relative safe stuff was the mindset. I have a problem with merchants that make you sign debit card receipts for purchases under $25. Manna is one of those places who hasn't figured out that you don't have to do this anymore. But moving past the pet peeve I'm handed a drink cup and turn to the fountain...which is disgusting. It's sitting on a stainless steel counter which makes it easy to clean. But this was not clean, far from it. I wish I had snapped a picture of it to illustrate the problem. I managed to carefully make my drink and look around for any utensils...those are up by the main counter and not logically placed at all. And there are no napkins to be found. None. So I grab what I can and look for a table to sit at. My table choices are ick, ickier, and no, I don't think so. Does anyone know how to wield the almighty wash cloth or sponge here? Doesn't seem like it. I find a table that has minimal ick and have a seat. My food arrives pretty quick...as it's being prepared I see two guys in the back, one of them sharpening knives and then carving my chicken on the spot so this looked good. But what came to my table was boring food! Garlic chicken? I didn't taste ANY garlic in my food. None. And the chicken was also dry. Thank goodness for the fries, as they were just as good as the ones I had at the San Gennaro Feast. They kept me from going hungry and having a flavorless lunch. This place represents my fear of trying new places in a nutshell. I get the courage up to go in and try something new...and then I get bleech, unmemorable food. While I was sitting there the guy working the counter stepped outside and looked at his Open sign It was on, but I knew why nobody was coming in. When the guy working the counter leaves dirty trays and half eaten food sitting on top of the trash can while he watches South Park, and the food they served seems to have missed out on any kind of spices much less garlic it becomes quite clear they've got problems. How this place stays in business is a testament to divine intervention. It's a guardian angel keeping this place open, not the quality of their food. At least the guardian angel keeps you from needing the kaopectate afterwards. If you dare to try it I don't suggest leaving a tip, bring them a clean sponge or pack of dish cloths instead. 1 star: The french fries earned it, nothing else did.
3	It's about time I tried this Mediterranean joint I've passed many times before.  Tonight, I finally decided to try Manna.  It's located in a strip mall with other eateries like Subway, Roberto's, etc.  Here's what I thought about this place:AMBIANCE:  Well, what can I say...there was nothing that distinguished the inside of Manna from a Roberto's a couple of doors down.  Small tables around the restaurant.  At the back of the restaurant, there's a glass case big enough for lots of trays of desserts.  Unfortunately there was 4 trays top, which took up less than half the case.  I'm going to blame it on the fact that it was early in the evening.FOOD:  I got the chicken kabobs (grilled chicken breast, long grain rice, flat bread and Greek salad) for $9.95, shish kabobs (ground seasoned beef grilled, long grain rice, flat bread and Greek salad) for $9.95 and the fried zucchini (deep fried zucchini chips, served with a marinara sauce) for $3.99.The chicken was moist and seasoned lightly.  The rice was a little oily and having the flat bread gives another texture component.  The salad was served with a Greek vinaigrette.  Although the shish kabobs were served with the same sides.  The ground beef, although flavorful, was a little dry.  The zucchini was super crunchy and offered a lot of texture to the dish.  The marinara sauce was really runny, so when I dipped the zucchini chips, nothing really stayed on the chip.  All in all, the place was a good choice for dinner.  For being a fast food joint, Manna did make a delicious meal.  Kudos for the quick and tasty!
1	Gross, gross, gross.All the tables were sticky and disgusting.  When I asked for napkins to clean the table (they were behind the counter), the male employee gave me ONE.  After I specified that the table was really dirty.  He really should have offered to wipe it down for me, but instead, I was handed a single napkin.  Incredible.The food wasn't good.  My gyro meat was chewy and dry, like it had been left out or something.  I actually couldn't eat it.  My side was a Greek salad, which was (for the lack of a better term) soupy.  There was so much dressing that it made a mess of my plate and all the lettuce was soggy. If you're nearby and want to have some (much better) Greek food, try The Great Greek.
1	Having eaten Mediterranean food all my life this is bad food for the price. There are other better Mediterranean joints around this place that's for sure.
4	I've driven by this restaurant SOOO many times (it's on the way to work) but have never tried it.  Partly because of the number of negative Yelp feedback it has received.  Partly because when I pull into this parking lot I'm always in the mood for a carne asada burrito at Roberto's.  But since seeing The Avengers last weekend, I've had an undying craving for shawarma so today I had to feed that monster.Ordered the shawarma plate which came with steak shawarma, hummus, a salad and pita.  All of it was delicious and very fresh.  The pita was crazy soft and warm.  The hummus was adequate, not a whole lot of flavor but nice and smooth.  I was disappointed that they didn't have lamb but the steak shawarma was tender, flavorful and perfect.I also ordered a side of dulmas.  I'm a sucker for stuffed grape leaves and these didn't disappoint.  Soft, flavorful, delicious.  They probably didn't need to serve it in a separate styro-box though and the bed of shredded lettuce they were lying on was unnecessary and a bit annoying.Mama suggested I try her falafel next time I came in--she makes it from scratch, not from powder.  I told her I'm not a big falafel fan but she insisted I'd like these.  Will check it out next time!Took mine to go so I can't attest to the "stickiness" of the tables or anything but the place looked clean to me.  I sat in the little corner booth with the low table while I waited for my food--thought it was a pretty nice touch.  I'd totally sit there with a group of people.Bonus points for the poster of Tony Stark in his Iron Man suit in the front window..."What is shawarma?"  :)I'll definitely be back.
2	The first time I came here I ordered the gyro and chicken salad.  They were both pretty good.  I stopped by because of the ad on the front of the building showing Shwarma.  Unfortunately, it was friday 5pm and they were sold out until Monday?  three days with out having one of their big advertised items?  The guy at the front desk is not friendly.  Seems to really not like his job, may be related to the owners and forced to work there??!?I decided to come back and see if they had Shwarma - Tuesday, and they had it.  I ordered the Shwarma, took it home only to be disappointed.  It was very dry, hard to find any sauce, and wrapped in a stale pita.I have had better Shwarma from a stand at the Mall.  I will not be coming back for Shwarma here.
4	We made the trip across town from Summerlin to try Manna for the first time and were not disappointed. While the dining room may not be impressive, the food and prices certainly are. The 2 of us shared a veggie plate (falafel, baba ganoush, tabouleh, dolmades and hummus $12.95) and a chicken shawarma sandwich ($6.25). The veggie platter was great; all of the items were seasoned and cooked to perfection. They hadn't made the hummus for the day yet, so they gave us extra falafel which was our favorite part of the meal. The shawarma was delicious; nice and juicy with a good char on the outside. If you're looking for great tasting food at a great price be sure to check them out. We'll definitely be back.
5	I have been coming here for the past year on a regular basis and the food is great every time!  I would recommend this to everyone
4	I too allowed the negative reviews to keep me away from this place even though its close to home. I finally came in dying for a good gyro and with low expectations. I was pleasantly surprised. The staff is warm and friendly. The customers seem to be regulars and the tzatziki sauce is AMAZING. The tables and chairs are admittedly best for waiting for your food to go, there's no comfort or style to the decor...but its a neighborhood grab and go spot so what do you expect?!
1	Worst service ever. I ordered one original combo, one flafel wrap and grape leaves. The lady charged me 5.25 instead of 2.25 for the grape leaves and forgot the fries. Just found it out at home. When drove back to the restaurant they were already closed with the lights off. this is second time she messed up. Worse thing is I tipped her for food. Hell... good food but dont wanna go back ever.
1	This is the worst place I have eaten in Henderson! The service is awful I dont even think the owners know when someone comes into the place to eat. I practically had to yell to get some some service. That and the food is awful!!!! avoid this place at all costs.
5	Yum!The food is great!  My family and I ordered all different meals and loved it all....lamb shwarma, chicken kabob, luleh kabob, tzatziki, hummus, tabbouleh, garlic sauce...everything fresh. The pita is amazing.I got it to go, but while waiting had a nice conversation with Papa. Reminds me of the great Mediterranean restaurants back home in Glendale, CA.
5	Me and my family loves this place.  The food is authentic, tastes good, and is fresh. The service and attitude of the family that works there is always welcoming.  The atmosphere is very simple, but, sometimes that's all you need.  They are always accomodating to me and my daughter's food allergies and don't upcharge for changes.  I am Lebanese and am discriminating about middle eastern food; there are more options that have recently opened in the Henderson area, but this is still my favorite.
4	I've been eating here quite a bit over the past few weeks and have had nothing but good experiences every time. The owners (husband & wife I think) are super nice and always greet me with a warm smile and hello.The chicken shawarma plate or chicken shawarma sandwich is what I usually get and the meat is moist and flavorful. While I would like to see some pickled vegetables with the plates (like Yalla! has), it really isn't that big of a deal. The hummus is pretty flavorful; I wouldn't say it is an award winner, but it is still very tasty. The salad that comes with the plate is just a small side-salad, but the dressing is good and it fills that veggie role of the meal. The french fries here are awesome; I know that really isn't a selling point for anybody, but they are different than most restaurant's french fries. Crispier and full of flavor.I can't say the interior is something to write home about, just a small "mom&pop" shop that caters mostly to carry-out orders probably. But really, who cares what the place looks like? I mean, it isn't at all bad looking inside. Quite the opposite, everything is new, it's just small and not ambient. But again, who cares about that, the food is what you should care about.All in all i give a 4/5. Not perfect, but a great place to grab a quick bite or take out some delicious Mediterranean food!PS. Don't listen to all of these posts from 2012 and early in 2013. I don't know if it was  different a year or two ago, but the place is spot on now! At least give it a try for yourself, a meal is like $10-12 bucks. Don't forget the garlic sauce!
4	Not sure what everyone's problem is I thought it was fine.  Great place for quick Mediterranean food. Walked in with a friend and the place looked very clean. There was a woman cleaning the tables and a man behind the counter.  I asked the man about some of the food and he was more than friendly! We ended up ordering a Shawarma plate and a combo dinner (Kifta and Chicken) to go. The man said we had to wait about 10 mins for the Chicken to grill and was very apologetic about having us wait.  It was no problem! When the food was ready he gave to us with another apology for the wait and told us to enjoy.The food was great. Shawarma came with a lot of meat, Hummus, bread, Salad and Tzaki sauce. Combo dinner came with grilled chicken, kifta (I guess you can say its like meatloaf patty), rice, salad, salad dressing separately, Tzaki sauce, and some garlicy white stuff that tasted good, but I have no idea what it was. Didn't rate 5 stars because, while I won't say its was expensive, it wasn't the cheapest place around and the selection was all that big. I'll definitely be coming again though.
5	Excellent baba ganoush and gyros!! Found this place because it's right next to Touro, where I went to nursing school. Graduated 5 years ago and moved to the southwest area of Vegas, but I still find myself driving back to Henderson just for some amazing Mediterranean food. Their pita is so soft and warm. One of the best gyros I have ever had. The husband and wife who run the place are very friendly, and always smiling when I walk in. Will always come back.
1	This was my first Gyro experience; I wasn't impressed. Since then I've had better Gyros. I don't know what it was, but it just wasn't good.
2	I love Gyros and this wasn't the place to get a good one.  There are way better places around the Henderson area to get one.  Prices seemed too high as well
1	The food itself seems bland and the rice seemed old. Would rather go to the great greek.
5	Phenomenal eats! We highly recommend eating here! Everything we order here is simply yummy!
2	I live pretty close to this place so I figured I'd stop in & give it a try. The woman was not very friendly, but I tipped her anyway. I ordered a chicken gyro/salad combo & took it to go. I got home & it was not chicken but lamb. I don't eat lamb, so I called & told them about the error & placed a new order. When I walked in, the woman who had taken my order didn't even look at me much less offer an apology for the inconvenience. The man was nice, but he didn't apologize either.  The food was okay, but the chicken was kind of bland. I'm sorry, but quality of service is just as important as the quality of the food. Not sure I'll be back.
5	A fantastic family owned restaurant that serves healthy delicious food for great prices! Thus food is made fresh daily and seasoned so perfectly. I can't get enough of their chicken schwarma, marinated juicy chunks of white meat. My son loves their Gyros, fresh pita warm and smelling so good with homemade tatzyicki with the perfect tang!!!  The beef and chicken are amazing. A must try!
5	No complaints so if you are looking for the downside to dining at Manna... You'll not find it here!  Thick softest most delicious pita was a comfy home to my gyro!  My mistake came in offering a bite near the end to my son who had finished his kebob already! Nope, I never saw the last of my gyro! He loved his meal and the last of mine as well!  A salad taken to go was devoured with much appreciation as well!
4	Good food and great prices, the original lamb gyro is really delicious. Great service.
5	I am not understanding the rest of the yelp reviews about this restaurant. I have come twice at this point and the restaurant had been very clean and organized. The food here is delicious, and reminds me of the Arabic food I would eat back home. I have not tried the gyros, but the kafta is great. Food may be a tad bit pricey, but it is great food.  Definitely would recommend for a quick bite to eat.
5	A family owned restaurant. What I ordered was delicious..falafel wrap. I am sure everything on the menu is good. Even though it's 3&half star right now, I give it a 5. We had a nice time, all my friends stated they loved what they ordered. No complains here :)
3	Difficult to not compare to Falaffel Drive In in San Jose but this place is just ok.They dont have enough white sauce, falaffels too small but it was tasty enough. I might return to try the gyro.
4	If this review was on the standard beef-lamb gyro alone it would be a 5 out of 5 star review. The meat and pita were both great! The store itself is a nice little restaurant, very friendly service and appears to be family owned. Unfortunately their pitas are not homemade as I had previously read in other reviews, I saw them being taken from a branded bag in the back and placed in the toaster oven. I also had the fried zucchini with my Gyro which was very good but extremely dry with no sauces offered. When asked I was given a Tatziki sauce cup that was fantastic on it's own but mixed absolutely horribly with the taste of the Zucchini. Overall though the Gyro, sauce, pita (even though store bought), environment, and price were all very good.  If you are looking for other Greek/Mediterranean lunch alternatives I highly recommend The Great Greek just around the corner.
