2	Hit The M Resort last night with my girl ( separate review on the casino.)  Ate dinner at The Oyster Bar. It's first come, first serve ( not a good idea - at least the other oyster bars in vegas has a queuing system ) We only had to wait about 5 minutes to get 2 seats.  Basically 20 or so seats on 3 of 4 sides of a rectangular food bar.  Since this is the first week of being open, i'm willing to give a little on the service side but boy oh boy, they need to work out some serious kinks in the service !We ordered the mexican ceviche ( $10 ), the manila clams ( $14 ? ) a bibb salad ( $7 ? ) The seafood gumbo ( $16) the shrimp pasta ( $16 ) Also ordered a beer - never got it - i would up going to the adjoining bar and bought a Corona for $4.  IT took about 10 minutes to get water, bread and butter - and this was after asking 4 different people.I got the ceviche before the people sitting next to us ( seated 5 minutes before us ) even got their drinks/bread ( they got their main entrees as we paid the bill .) The ceviche was a very small portion - a couple tablespoons of fish that was "cooked" some time ago, topped with a small tortilla chip, cilantro and guac - the chip was limp soft, the fish had decent taste.The salad, gumbo and the clams came at the same time.  The salad - wet, warm, no dressing, a ton of onions.  The gumbo - very thick, definitely stew-like.  the oysters didn't "taste right" and grainy.  Not much spice/bite to it.  The clams weren't bad.Sadly, my girl never got her entree.  Like i said, serious kinks !
4	Enjoyed being taken care of by our waiter, Dave. The menu was steak and seafood with a good wine list. We started off with a round of oysters (delicious). I ordered the rib-eye & my bf ordered the filet mignon and we shared a side of buttered mashed potatoes. We paired our food with Shiraz. Everything was spot on. The steak was seasoned well and carried a lot of flavor. I couldn't finish all my food so we could't eat dessert :( if you're a steak or seafood lover, be sure to stop by the m resort's terzetto. You won't be disappointed.
4	This place is pretty awesome 4.5 stars.It's an elegant, nice quiet spot 15 minutes away from the main strip.Sitting at the bar you see the chef cook the food right in front of you.  You can see they take pride in their creations and it makes for an enjoyable dining experience.  Esp loved the one chef from Hawaii (forgot his name).Awesome:Shrimp Scampi /w Linguini: al-dente, buttery, good :)Linguini /w Clam: (same as above)Steamed Manila Clam: a Clam soup, awesome.Good:Oysters: Cant' really go wrong /w fresh raw oysters.Ahi Poke: portions were pretty small, but pretty good.Mix Seafood Louie: it's a lobster/shrimp salad. decent.Skip:Seafood diablo: Pretty bland, uninspiring.New England Clam Chowder: did not like the way they made it. too thick.Spicy Tuna Sushi Roll: looks like costco/buffet sushi.. bleh.Service was excellent.  For some dishes the portions were a bit small for the price you are paying (so -0.5 star).  But overall a really nice dining experience, would highly recommend this place.
5	Fast, friendly, and yummie
5	This place rocks!  The chefs are so friendly! They have amazing oysters. How could one go wrong with oysters, champagne, and chocolate covered strawberries?????????? I mean really!The one chef went to the back to make us a special dessert, see pix.I love this place!
