4	I wanted to have a nice relaxing meal, and felt that this was the place to do so.  My friend Angie and I entered the location for dinner on a Sunday night.  It was not busy at all.  There was no wait to be seated, and we got to choose between a table and a booth.While looking at the menu, I don't think its that half bad.  The place is really clean, well decorated, but I felt that it was dimly lit.  It kind of reminds me of a place maybe my grandparents would go, as it kind of has a homely feel.  Like the kind of place you would almost find a bunch of retiree's???My problems began during dinner.  First, I was a little shocked at how much some of thier dinners were, considering it was kind of a "home cooking" type menu.  Comfort food is served here.  We were debating on appitizers and couldnt make up our minds on what we wanted.  We thought, what the heck, lets get a sampler.  But, the sampler appitizer was more then some of the dinners on the menu.  We passed, and went simple with some spinach dip.When the spinach dip arrived, at first, it did not look like what we would have expected.  It just looked different.  It had salsa on top!  WTH?  Salsa on top of spinach dip??  Never seen that before. We did not like that at all.  So, we had to scrape it off.  But, when we went to scrape it off, we realized we had no silverware to do so with.  We had to ask the server twice to bring us silverware and napkins.  We were almost done with our dip before be brought it out.  We scraped the salsa off with chips.We ended up ordering burgers.  We refer to hamburgers as "old faithful."  When you cant find anything else to eat on the menu, burgers are always a safe bet for a solid meal.  So, thats what we ended getting.I only gave this place 4 stars.  For starters, no silverware, secondly, I really felt like maybe we were to young to be there??  Maybe for an older crowd, but for us 20 & 30 somethings, I just felt like maybe it wasnt a joint for us.
4	This is one of the few chains I tolerate...I love going here for the occasional faux-thanksgiving dinner.Sliced turkey, mashed potatoes and gravy, stuffing, cranberry sauce, and bread... Yum! Their pot pies are pretty freaking delicious too!Not a "pie guy", if I was, they definitely have lots to choose from.
4	I was happy with my dinner at Marie Callender's.  Admittedly, you probably shouldn't order pasta from one of these non-Italian chains, but it was actually pretty good.  I got the double shrimp pasta and thought it was pretty tasty.  The pasta was prepared al dente and I was impressed with that.  The waitress was also spunky, which was much appreciated.  I'd definitely come back.
3	Eh. It's a chain. However, there are sometimes when my BFF and I totally feel like being old ladies and having pie and tea in the evening. Usually we think about it when we're too tired to bake, too hungry to wait to bake and most places are closed. That's when we hit up Marie Callenders. The pie's not bad.. especially when there's a $6 pie sale, otherwise it's a bit too pricey for the quality.The soup is also good. I've had that there once. Along with a forgetful waitress, which wasn't so fun. Just get pie to go :)
2	My girlfriend and I ate at one of these restaurants in California for dinner and it was great so we stopped in this one for breakfast expecting the same.  The food was okay, but very small portions and the toast could have passed for croutons.  The prices were high for what we got.  Service was okay, but I will pass next time and find another place for breakfast.
1	We had never been to Marie Callender's before, but my boyfriend wanted apple pie rull bad, and then we found out they had chili! So we went specifically for pie and chili. We ended up getting the appetizer sampler. Everything on it tasted the same, like we were eating fried cardboard with oil that hadn't been changed in 6 months. It was pretty gross. Then we got the chili and cornbread. The corn bread was ok, but the chili lacked meat, substance, annnnd flavor. It was almost like soup, and super bland for being, "famous." Then we got 3 slices of pie because we couldn't decide on which ones. The pumpkin was banging to say the least, best pumpkin pie I've ever had, I'll give them that. The apple was good, better with ice cream. But the chocolate satin pie we got was horrible, it was so rich we couldn't eat it and it was textured like sand in your mouth, gritty. Ewe. The server was not attentive, forgot to refill drinks after we ran out, and then asked for more, and then when she gave us our check we SPENT SIXTY DOLLARS!? $60? Holy..... Nothing on the check was wrong, but dang, we spend less when we go out drinking. I will never go to a Marie Callender's again. Pretty lame, super expensive, unimpressive food, poor service.However, I would purchase a pumpkin pie to go for Thanksgiving.
4	Marie Callender's the staff is always super friendly and quick to fill your drinks... We always just go for the salad bar it's good for the price... I will continue to go for lunch quick and filling.
