5	Very honest mechanics.  Very knowledgeable.  Take your car here if you don't want to get ripped off by a dealer or other corporate entity.  It may not not look much, but it's a repair shop so why should it?  Take a nice stroll around the "walking park" across the street while they work on your car.
5	Just moved to Fort Mill. It's always tough to find an honest mechanic. I'm happy to report I found one. EXCELLENT service, very honest about price, and the best part is my SUV got fixed. Thank you to Dean and the whole group at Fort Mill Automotive. They will have my business as long as I live here. I would recommend them to anybody. Don't pay too much going to a chain, support local business and go to Fort Mill Automotive. You won't regret it!
5	Once again, Fort Mill Automotive delivers.  I knew I needed a wheel bearing replaced on my car, left it with them one night so they could make sure that's what it was.  They called me at 8:30 am, confirmed it was the wheel bearing, gave me a price, and had it done by 11am.  Price was "the going rate" from what I had researched.
5	On a trip from New Jersey to South Carolina with my daughter the engine started to smoke and the low coolant light came on. Stopped at Fort Mill Automotive were the mechanic checked our car, and found nothing wrong and refused to accepted any payment or even a tip for his time. He also took the time to explain to us why we should not be worried at all. This is an honest and hard working American who's repair shop should patronized by all. Wonderful Southern Hospitality.
5	We are new to the area. Prior to moving here, I had a mechanic friend who did all the work on our vehicles for over 15 years. This past summer my van developed a rattling and shaking when the brakes were applied. I wanted to find a good mechanic, and not deal with a dealership. I read good reviews on Fort Mill Automotive and made arrangements to get my van there. Dean took care of the problem for me and spent time explaining what he had done when I picked it up. Yesterday we dropped off my wife's Highlander since the tire pressure light kept coming on, but all the tires had adequate pressure. We asked Dean to check the car over since it had 128K miles on it. We picked it up today and once again Dean took the time and explained what was causing the problem and the overall condition of the car. As one reviewer said, don't let the appearance of the shop scare you away. If it does, you are missing out on meeting some of the most honest, hard working people you'd ever want to meet! I guarantee if I'm ever asked if I know a good mechanic, I'm sending them to Fort Mill Automotive.
