4	Reasons to go to Station des Sports:1) Cheap beer.  4 litres of Ketih's for $17.  I think Bud is a little cheaper, but really, no one should ever pay for Bud.2) Lots of yelling people at hockey games.3) You've already had some drinks and you don't mind the usually-friendly but almost-always-very-slow service.
5	Katherine said it well, cheap and friendly. I've been here twice and have been quite impressed with the place. The beer is really cheap and good price for good quality food. We've had great waitresses both times who seemed genuinely friendly and were funny and helpful. There's various place in Montreal that are more interesting, but this is a solid place good value and a good time with some friends. Tips: The burgers and nachos were great, one of my friends were unimpressed with the poutine. Check out the beer taps on the tables if you have a large group that will drink a lot. And for games, there's TVs all over the walls, but note that prices go up a bit on event nights.
5	I really enjoyed my time at this pub. My boyfriend and I went here for dinner and drinks on a Pride weekend, and it was packed. (We figured if it was busy, then it must be good.)  The beer was cheap (at least compared to Vancouver, where I'm from), and the food was relatively tasty. I ordered chicken souvlaki and my boyfriend got tilapia fillet. Both were great, especially for pub food.  With your meal, you could get mashed or baked potatoes (which were odd pairings with souvlaki) or fries. The staff were friendly and bilingual, although I did notice that the service was a little slow at times because of how busy they were. The tables in the patio were a little close to each other, so this place probably isn't appropriate if you want privacy. If you're in for a rowdy good time, you definitely should visit.
1	The terrace was inviting, so we decided to stop for a quick bite and a beer.  The waitress took forever to come and bring menu (which are the table placemats)..we ordered the club sandwich and asked for the fries to be extra crispy.    The sandwich was mediocre, not crispy bread at all.   The fries are thick cut and not crispy at all.   One of our worst meals in Montreal.   Service is terrible.
4	Nice atmosphere, friendly staff, fast service and good food. Worth a trip.
2	I visited this restaurant for a late night meal and some drinks. It is average and there is nothing that really stood out for me. I had a poutine (obviously, when in Montreal..) and a few pints of Stella and although everything was very reasonably priced, I was not impressed. The service was slow and we didn't have a server visit our table until about 20 minutes after we sat down. The food came out in a reasonable amount of time but it seemed like we were always trying to catch our servers eye and having to wave her down. Sitting on the patio was fun because we got to people watch and being Pride weekend, there were a lot of interesting outfits. I probably wouldn't go back.
3	Kinda disappointed... Ordered grilled chicken club, it was a little dry.  And French fries were too big, I normally like small fries.   Environment was very nice...we sat outside, perfect place to see people around on St Catherine.   That's why I gave three stars.  If you want to eat this place, it would be better to eat at late night hours.
1	Stopped by for breakfast. The food being served to others looked decent but the service was horrible. After three or four waitstaff and at least 20 minutes we got coffee and then were told the kitchen stopped serving breakfast.  The place was not busy and seemed over staffed but apparently clueless about actual service.
1	The atmosphere felt like a a school dining hall rather than a sports bar and whilst the game was on, we could hardly see the screens. Choice of beer seemed reasonable and the prices were OK - however what was so unacceptable and reaffirmed that I would not return to this place was that the waitress actually told us to tip her, and made us feel guilty about not wanting to leave one due to the pretty poor service. I feel her attitude was poor and felt we were rushed as patrons. Also, how can a bar operate with a single toilet for everyone?Montreal has much better places to drink, do yourself a favour and go find them.
4	Located right ourside the Berri-UQAM metro, this sports bar is everything you expected of a casual sports bar. We were promptly seated. Food and beer was relatively cheap for being in the downtown area. Service is a bit slow, and the food is not spectacular, but there are a lot of options. I had beef stroganoff with soup and dessert costing me around 10$. Another plus is that they have TV screens everywhere so everyone at the table can enjoy the game. The service was very accommodating. I even saw a table playing a board game. Overall, if you're looking for a place to hangout, with cheap food and beer.
2	prime location during summer with the street being closed off.it's extremely crowded even during weekdays. i'd say the food is passable since there's better just around. alcohol is dirty cheap though.great spot to meet friends and drink the night away while watching sport events or simply catching up. as for anything else? you're better off elsewhere
4	Plenty of tvs and cheap 120 oz pitches of beer for about 15 to 20 bucks. It has usual bar food that you would find at a pub like cheeseburgers, wings , and etc. Drinks are pretty cheap and its a great spot to catch a game. They recently remodeled the place and now have outdoor seating in a terrace in the back. Sort of like the setups you would see in a beer garden and what not. The place seems to get pretty packed for special sporting events , so you may want to avoid it during those times
