2	I visited the Penny Pincher behind the Park Road Shopping Center and wasn't too impressed overall. For starters, if you didn't know what to look for you may not find it - it is BEHIND the Park Road Mall, among some other antique shops and a small Indian restaurant. It's a small consignment store that carries shoes, pocketbooks and accessories along with clothing, but I did not see anything here that was exceptionally worth going for. If you are young or looking for a young look, you may want to look elsewhere. Lots of what was on these racks was conservative, from Chicos, and sort of blended, if you know what I mean. Just a few nice pieces that were really different, like the gold beaded shawl on display. The shoe/pocketbook section is small and standard, at best. The woman who was working here was very sweet though, very attentive and kept asking how she could help. If you are into consignment and in the area you should probably check out some of the other great salons before this one, such as sweet repeats in Dilworth.
1	You can pinch pennies, but you'll lose dollars at this bland consignment boutique. The selection emphasized midrange brands like Talbots, Liz Claiborne, and Ann Taylor, but was pretty unexciting.  Many items appeared to be more than a few seasons old.  Pleated hunter green cords with tapered legs? For $25? Marisa Christina cutesy sweaters circa 1990? Egad! I have seen much more interesting fare at the Jr. League Wearhouse. I also didn't notice, as I do in most consignment stores, a diminishing price scale. Rather, there was a generic %  off sign, but I wasn't sure which merchandise it applied to, and I wasn't excited enough by anything I saw to ask.If you are a Chico's fan, there was an entire section of Chico's clothing, but the prices ($50 and up) seemed ridiculously high, given that these are used items, after all. My advice: save your pennies, skip these pinchers, and visit either Sweet Repeats (higher end) or Jr. League Wearhouse (mid-range) for a better consignment shopping experience.
5	I LOVE shopping at the Penny Pincher. The prices are wonderful and the selection is even better. Purses from Coach, D&B, Kate Spade along with many others. The clothes are great. Something for everyone. I love browsing the racks which are well organized by style, size and color. The owner and staff are just a pleasure to visit with. The sales, in particular the biannual half price sales are great. In these economic times it is refreshing to know I have a friendly place to shop and purchase designer brands. Thanks Penny Pincher. See you soon.
