5	FF is the bomb... very helpful, suggestive & steer you dow the right path... reasonabl turnaround time ....can't go wrong
5	I have had several interactions with the lovely people at Fast Frame. I work at a local restaurant in Central Phoenix and they have gone above and beyond to accommodate our needs. We have a rare Gingerbread Man print that hangs in our ice cream shop and not only did they match the old frame perfectly the turn around time to get it back in our store was amazing. I would recommend their services to anyone. Thank you Fast Frame!
5	A heartbreaking accident left my favorite print damaged. It had belonged to my grandmother and was a representation of her modern style that I loved. It was in pieces, literally and I wasn't sure the artwork could be salvaged. I am eternally grateful to the staff at Fastframe for not only saving the art, but framing it beautifully. I was able to have it hanging in a new, safer, spot quickly. I plan on bringing in some family pictures I wanted to have framed soon because I'm so happy with their services.
5	I have had all my art framed with these folks at Fast Frame.  Kate, the owner and her staff, have always been incredibly helpful in finding the best combination of matting and frames.   I just got my mother-in-laws hand painted art work that she created over 60 years ago reframed and they understood the meaning of what I was attempting to recreate. I wouldn't go anywhere else in this town. And one more thing their prices are always fair and the turn around time is excellent.
5	I didn't know anything at all about framing, so I needed a lot of help. After shopping around and doing some research, I found Kate at Fastframe to be exactly what I needed.I brought in a cute little piece of art to be framed, and Kate worked with me to pick out the perfect frame - she explained everything to me and helped me to make an informed decision. We looked through various colors and styles, and found the perfect one. When the order was finished, it looked awesome.I'd definitely return in the future.
5	I found this place using yelp and I was not disappointed.  Friendly staff who worked with me to stay in my budget.
