5	Great place to hang out with your pooches. The crowd is generally mellow and the dogs adorable.  MY 2 dogs love it .  Extra perks are the doggie obstacle area if you are into that . Also there is plenty of room for running which the little gal loves. Also there is a smaller enclosed area for little dogs or puppies.
5	After moving to North Phoenix last week, I was looking for a new place to take my corgi since he loves the dog park. I found Foothills Park on google maps and decided to try it out. I was pleasently surprised by this dog park. It has two seperate parks connected by the entrance area. One is a big open area and has some obstacle courses. The second is a smaller grassy area for small dogs.When we arrived, I was surprised by the amount of big dogs there. There were at least eight big dogs playing and having fun. When I brought my dog in, they all came up and checked him out, but none of them were aggressive or bullies to him. The owners were friendly and my dog seemed to enjoy the place. The obstacle course is simple, great for a newbie dog. As we were there, at least twelve more dogs showed up. Since half of them were smaller dogs, people began migrating to the small dog area. The small dog area is nice for the dogs that get nervous around the bigger pups, but it seems to be lacking. The obstacle course is definitely designed for smaller to medium sized dogs, yet there are no obstacles on the small dog side. Other than that, its a nice break for the small pups.Foothills Park is a great place for anyone in the NW valley looking for a place to take their dog. People are friendly and clean up after their dogs, the dogs are nice and friendly, and its in a beautiful area. I definitely recommend checking it out if you're in the area.
4	Foothills Park in North Glendale, AZ is a more than just a dog park!!!  This park has a skate park, an aquatic center / fitness center, baseball/softball fields and a branch of the Glendale Public Library.On the north side of the park is the Foothills branch of the Glendale Public Library. Here in 2011 this branch has started closing earlier a couple days a week and they are now closed on Thursdays and Sundays. You can still request books online to be transferred to this branch for your convenience.The dog park was recently expanded with a new section of dog run that connects the front of the park on 57th Ave with the back of the park behind the library.  Parts of the dog park are closed a day a week for maintenance, but part of the park is open every day.The baseball fields are the area of the park I use the most. Arrowhead Little League (www.ArrowheadLL.com) is based at this park and they play two seasons - Spring and Fall. The City of Glendale also runs baseball and softball programs at this park.  A playground sits on the South side of the baseball fields, just North of the wash.The Aquatic Center (www.glendaleaz.com/foothillscenter/) has an outdoor pool with slides and lap pools.  There's a fitness center indoors with all the equipment of a normal gym plus a rock climbing wall and full indoor basketball court.  The kids love to hang out at the rec center.The skate park on the west side of 57th is an area I've avoided thus far. It's usually packed with kids riding skateboards.
2	I came to this dog park after reading the good reviews on Yelp, and thought I'd come to the wrong place. The small dog side was absolutely tiny, six inches deep in mud, and smelled awful. If it's an option at all, go to Rose-Mofford instead - those are the largest enclosures I've ever seen in a city dog park, and while it does sometimes get a little mucky in the middle, at least there's room for the dogs to run. I gave two stars instead of one because the other dogs (and owners) were friendly, and the paved walking trail around the complex was very nice.
5	Tops for a Dog Park! Has an obstacle course :) the dogs love it.
3	I come to this park every Tuesday because my usual park is closed and for the most part people are very friendly and dogs are as well but all heck breaks loose when the old man with the 2 dogs that aren't friendly gets there.... He believes that since he has been coming there for 9 years that he OWNS it and treats people with such dissrespect as well as their dogs.... This past Tuesday my dog was playing with his (my dogs) ball when another dog took it (no problem there because my dog will just follow the other dog around until it gets dropped and he can retreive it) the dog finally dropped it at the mans feet so he promptly picked up the ball when this man grabbed my dog by the ear and started twisting it to get the ball from him; my dog yelped and I asked him to "NOT touch my dog like that!"... The man then proceeded to pull at my dog until he put both of his hands in my dogs mouth and told me that "if my dog bit him he would sue me".... I don't take kindly to people harming animals especially when they are mine.... My dog let the ball go and waited for the man to throw it but he put the ball in his bag instead... I went out to check the sign to see if it said toys were allowed when someone else went over and asked for the ball back for me.... He then claimed my dog bit him and called the police... Long story short the officers gave him a warning and told him to NEVER touch my dog again... Watch out for him!!!
3	The park is good, apart from one individual with two dogs that cause a lot of problems...and if you want facts, why dont you talk to a park ranger?
4	This dog park is incredibly close to our home, so of course we chose to take our 5-month-old puppy here first.  Overall, I love this park best out of all the ones we have been to. The only reason I give it 4 out of 5 stars is because of the people you occasionally encounter at this park.  Out of all the parks we have gone to, this is the one where the most incidents have happened.  We have only been going here for a couple weeks and witnessed quite a few run-ins among pet owners who simply don't follow the rules.The good far outweighs the bad, though, and we have made a lot of friends here. So has our puppy!  We enjoy meeting up with the "regulars" and will definitely continue coming!
1	I will not be returning to this park ever again!!!! The GROUP of people in the evening that comes with their unruly dogs is absolutely ridiculous!!!! On Tuesday, September 18, 2012 my son was doing what all bored little boys do; making a trail in the dirt.... When this lady's dog Rocko who is part of the Group decided he didn't like him and started to lunge, bark and growl at my child.... I immediately told my child (who wasn't very far from me) to come back because I saw the dog was being very aggressive.... When my son started back over to me the dog began to follow getting closer and closer to him (still barking and growling).... When the dog began to run towards him my son took off screaming for me.... I stood up and before I got to my son the dog grabbed him by the waist and tried to take him down (ripping his shirt, shorts and underwear around his waist along with skin)... I grabbed my son and asked very loudly at the group "Who's dog is this?!?!" several times (while the dog continued to try and get at my son, lunging and barking).... No one answered me, they all acted as if I had no voice and the dog wasn't doing anything..... I was absolutely appalled by this and decided that if they weren't going to speak to me then they would have to speak to the police.... The GROUP then proceded to try and sneak the woman out of the park with her dog.... I would like everyone that reads this post to know that I had NO intention to call the police I just wanted to yell at the woman/ man who's dog it was and tell them to watch their dog or leave.... And I will be the first to tell you that if my son was doing anything to antaganize a dog and the dog bit him that I would have just told my child "well that's what happens when you tease dogs" but on this occassion my son did NOTHING to provoke this dog...I'm sure I will get some sort of post on here about how this isn't true so to prove it here is my Glendale Police Report number 12-92344... Check it out yourself...
4	I came in at 9:30 am with my 4 months ols retriver. We played in the big boys park. There were something like 15 dogs at that time all dog and owner are really friendly. The park is big enough and have an obsticle course in it. Onlt flae is the water fountain that was dirty and barly gave water out. Other than that great park.
5	I love this park. I take my dog here quite often since it's so close to where I live. The people are friendly, my only complaint are those that take unaltered dogs into the park or who have dogs in the park that are wearing prong collars. For the most part the area is clean and large enough to allow for lots of play. There's also a 1.5 mile trail to the side of the park that leads to the skate park. It's nice to walk my dog taking the trail to the dog park and allow him a reward of off leash play afterward.There is a playground separate from the dog park area that is perfect for children and several nice walking paths. The rules for the dog park area are posted and it's closed on Wednesdays.
4	stopped by to see a neighbor play little league.  Nice ball park, three events going on at the same time.
2	Maybe my dog is a dog park snob, but this just isn't her favorite.  There is so much dirt and dust that she needs a bath every time we let her play for a few minutes.  The small dog area on the west side gets really cramped when more than a few dogs are there.
4	My little guy loves this park! He likes to be able to run around without a leash and sniff other dogs. I love that there are two off leash areas, one for big dogs and one for small dogs. It loses a star because it has more dirt and red ants than other nearby parks. I guess that's nature for you!
