5	After missing an oil change appointment (by 20 minutes) at Larry Miller Toyota on Bell, I was told the wait time would be 2 and a half hours!! I was really frustrated and left.  I used my phone to find a Jiffy Lube in the area and when I pulled in I was immediately greeted and helped out of my car. I am 6 months pregnant and had my 1 year old with me, so it was a huge help.  Everyone at this location was friendly and efficient.  Not a second of my time was wasted.  They weren't very busy and were able to complete my $40 oil change (with all the bells and whistles, including topping off all of my fluids, vacuuming my car and cleaning the exterior windows) in FIFTEEN minutes!!! That's even less than the 20 mins I was late for my Toyota appointment! lol In all fairness, it is a Tuesday and it was the middle of the afternoon, so it wasn't a busy time for them, but my horrible experience at Toyota was only 10 minutes earlier!!  They definitely have a new customer!!
5	Very clean establishment! Waiting area is clean, air conditioned and has a pop (soda) machine, and complimentary coffee, plus a tv on to entertain you while waiting :) The restroom is very clean.  Great customer service. They explained what was needed, and not pushy about trying to upsell services. They even cleaned my windows!! (Which was desperately needed ;)
1	I went this location a few minutes ago on Union Hills Drive.  The signature service was about $50 for my V8 Jeep Grand Cherokee, which seemed high.  Luckily, I had a $5 off coupon on my phone.  I was surprised to learn that if I didn't have that coupon on my phone (or printed), they would not honor the $5 off.  Thus, you need to be sure and have the coupon printed or available on your phone.  Worst of all, they tried to charge me $3.90 extra for "topping off my coolant."  When I asked about this, the guy quickly walked over to the car, checked, and then instantly explained "It's full, I'll take that off."  In other words, they tried to tack on an extra $3.90 for nothing.  I bet a lot of people fall for that trick.  I'm glad I did not.  BE CAREFUL.  I won't return to this location.
1	Don't bother stopping here. Stopped in at 10am on a Tuesday and was turned away. They told me their "system was down" and it would be a half hour before they could do any oil changes. So I drove 1/2 mile east and went to Steel Image Oil and Lube and not only did they change the oil but they did a free car wash in less than 15 minutes!
4	This is my favorite place to get an quick and reliable oil change.  They often hire the younger kids, but I have never had a bad experience with customer service.  Love the money mailer coupon, nice price and free car wash.  Also, like the car wash because I can take my time and vacuum my car just the way I like it.
