4	This is a very nice salad bar, but has one thing going against it.  It is always jam packed, crazy busy, and sometimes it is hard to even find a nice table or booth.The food itself is very fresh, and the salad line is very complete. They have items that I would never even consider putting on a salad, which I do not mind because they do have the basics covered.Their hot menu items are very complete and they have a nice selection.  This is where they are a step up from Souper Salad.  Also, their strawberry lemonade is awesome and refills are free.This would be a perfect salad bar if they had Souper Salads Tuna Skroodle recipe.  Instead they have something called Tuna Terragon which is ok, but not as good.Enjoy, but be ready to be patient.  It is a busy location!!
3	i love sweet tomatoes because i love buffet, and i don't feel too guilty eating at this one. in fact, i'd imagine heaven to be a huge buffet, where you never get full and you never get fat.so it was super packed when we went. sunday afternoon, where hoards of these wholesome (read "fat") all-American (read "white") families go after church. i like the looks i get from them like "why isn't he clearing my table? doesn't he see this stack of empty plates?" and "are workers allowed to eat at the tables amongst the customers?" but i guess the bigotry of fellow customers cannot be blamed  on the business.anyway, they used to have this pre-made salad with spinach, bacon bits, and onions that was my absolute favorite. this recent time, it was replaced by rabbit feed, so i had to attempt to make the spinach salad myself. which kind of sucks, because there's really nothing i hate more than doing things myself.but all in all, i like eating fresh veggies and their chicken noodle soup (minus the noodles and the soup), and that is why i like sweet tomatoes.
3	Regular here.   Always try  and stay away from the rush times.  Food is always fresh and varied.  Staff and managers always come by and check  on your meal.
1	I had never been to Sweet Tomatoes until today. I have been to Souper Salad many times before and I expected it to be similar but better.Well, I will start with the good.Okay and now the so-so. I had the chocolate bread muffin. It was tasty, and chocolaty, but dark chocolaty. Not sweet at all really. Like I said, it was good but as it was not sweet, it was not dessert, and as it was chocolate it didn't really go with anything else.I moved on to try the chocolate bread pudding concoction they had. That was REALLY good, but it was almost gone so I only got the edges. I got hardly any of the gooey chocolaty messiness that I truly wanted. This dessert probably would have been in the good category if I had gotten some 5-20 minutes earlier.And now for the bad. I'll just start from beginning to end. Raw beets = not good! Dry, stale spit most of my first bite out. The light ranch tasted like it was on the verge of going bad. The regular ranch was watered down. They were out of Coke, Dr. Pepper and Rootbeer and only had ice at the cashiers station, not in the soda fountain. The Chinese orange happy chicken salad had no chicken and I was not happy! I moved onto the soups. First I tried the 3-cheese tortellini soup. I couldn't taste any cheese and the tortellini was mush.The broth was flavorful but I still only had 3 bites. I moved on to the Irish Potato and Leek soup. It was pretty tasty actually but I still had to doctor it up with salt pepper and cream cheese because it was otherwise rather bland. I also took a bite of the chicken noodle soup. It had big chunks of chicken in it. Big, dry, overcooked pieces of chicken. It was also bland. Should have had some veggies in it. The mac n "cheese" was soupy and also bland.You won't catch me back here anytime soon!
3	Friend Mike C isn't much of a veggie, but I finally got him to try a Sweet Tomatoes with me, for a weekday lunch.  This was the seventh different one I have visited here in the Valley so far, & I found it to be quite average among them.  There was a good crowd of diners, but it wasn't too hard to get around, & to the food.  A comfortable booth was available, & everything they were serving was kept properly stocked.As usual, all the food tasted fresh, & certain things were treats.  I really liked the cheese & bacon soup.  One thing I missed at this location was bread!  Yes, they had biscuits & focaccia (but not the pepperoni one that I like), but there was no sourdough or French bread, & no brown bread, as they have had at all of the others.All in all, this Sweet Tomatoes was good enough to keep me coming back now & then, so I'll say it's "A-OK."     :-)Lunch Buffet $8.39/$7.55 Sr. - Weekends $8.79/$7.91 Sr.
3	well Rand H. finally talked me into one of these rabbit food buffets.I am a meat and seafood lover and i usually skip the salad table at most buffets.So for me it was going to be tough to give them a high rating. I skipped the first part of the buffet because it was pretty much just leafs but past that I filled a couple plates with potato,pasta and tuna fish salads, beets and pickles. it was alright the other side of the buffet had some good soups and breads,mac and cheese that was only so  so and deserts and fresh fruit. well when i left i was full and nothing was really that bad so i am giving the 3 stars. But if i was a rabbit they would get 5
3	I was shocked to see they didn't have any sourdough bread at this location. I've had it before at a different Sweet Tomatoes, and I'm not sure if it was a seasonal item or what, but I was very disappointed I couldn't have it here, cause I was craving it! I had to settle for lots of soup (that's fine cause I like soup more then I should) and gallons of strawberry lemonade. A satisfying meal after watching a ball game, but I needed my sourdough!
4	As a devout omnivore I must qualify my review by saying that I would ordinarily not pick a place that's predominately vegan.  It was my wife's choice that day but I have to say that I would definitely go there on purpose sometime.  The salad was great and I did not want for anything that I did not see including my favorite dressing.  Indeed I could go there again just for the chili.  You dump that chili over a freshly baked potato and wallah, ya got yourself a meal.  Next time I think I'll try the chicken noodle soup, it looked good.  Price wise it falls into the range of any of the family sit down type of restaurants but being an all you can eat style buffet puts it over the top.  Try something, if you don't like it, just throw it away and get something else.  You can't do that at Denny's.
2	Ive been waiting to write this for a week or so...Id give it 1.5 stars, but they dont have those here on Yelp.I used to love going to Sweet Tomatoes.  I called it the great upgrade from Souper Salad.   And for a long time it was.. and in some cases, still us.But let me ask you something.. Why would call yourselves Sweet Tomatoes if you literally had no tomatoes?  We decided to hit this place up because we were trying to eat "healthier."  I know funny, huh?  One could still eat like crap at Sweet Tomatoes. So get my plate and begin my salad creation.. romaine lettuce,, mixed with some ceasar and that's when I noticed things missing.  No tomatoes, No cucumbers, No egg..  uhh hello??  These are what makes muy salad good.  So here I am left to enjoy a lettuce and blue cheese salad?  Horrible.They said they'd give us a  break of $2  of our bill.. Oh thank you very much for your hospitality. we came to enjoy good food, but you didn't have any.  My final dinner was a small dish of OK pasta along with a half plate of lettuce and blue cheese.  That was sooo worth $10.  (sarcasm).  My last few trips to Sweet Tomatoes have not been great, so next time someone suggests this for dinner, I'll kindly reply with: "You have a good time, I'll make me a PB&J for dinner."I hope there's another Souper Salad/Sweet Tomatoes type place out there that would like to open a few locations in Arizona and show these guys how it's really done.
4	My husband and I use to frequent this place at least once a week. I'll have to say, if you're a big meat-eater, you may be a bit disappointed as there are hardly and dishes with meat.When you enter, you start out going through a traditional salad bar with a couple already-prepared salad dishes, or you can create your own (heck, why not try it all?) There are also pasta salads, brocolli/raisin/bacon salad (delicious!), and plenty of dressings/toppings.  After you go through the salad line, you pay/get your drink/find a seat.  We always went at odd hours as the traditional rush hours are horrendous and not enjoyable in my opinion.After we finished our salads, we went up to the other part (it's kinda difficult if you want 2nds on salad b/c other ppl are going through the line so you'd have  to squeeze in and yeah, not a fan of getting evil glances unnecessarily) which offers about 5 different soups, fresh fruit/jello, mac n cheese and a pasta dish, baked/sweet potatoes, pizza, muffins, dessert (usually cobbler), and there's a soft serve machine too.  The fun thing about Sweet Tomatoes is that each month has a new theme, and if you subscribe to their emails, you get weekly coupons which can save lots of $$!  I think one of the only reasons we don't go there as often is because I started a diet about a year ago and stopped the buffets.  Obviously it was just too good.
4	I don't believe that I can go longer than one week without this place.  I love the fresh salad choices!  Also the selection of delicious soups, bread and deserts.  If all I was rating was the quality of the food, I would give it 5 Stars. However, it is no different than any other buffet when it comes to hunting for clean dry plates. You still have to periodically inspect 2 or 3 plates that are wet and have food stuck to them. Given the choice between Souper Salad and Sweet Tomatoes... The winner is Sweet Tomatoes by a mile!Bob M
3	Soup, salads, baked potato & more.  Fair price.  Fairly clean place.  Lot of riff-raff here, but it is a buffet and they seem to be a riff-raff magnet I suppose.  I thought the skew towards healthier options would be a deterrent but I guess not.  Maybe if I find one of these in a more upscale zip code the ambiance will be better, because it is hard to use the same tongs as some of the folks you see in here!  Snobbery aside, the food is rather average, but the convenience & variety are certainly a plus.
2	Crowded...jammed....packed...?  Must have been in the good ole days.  Went on a Saturday at 12:45 and the place was 25% full.Well, maybe that because the corporate recipe chef left out spices, herbs, butter, flavor buds, real food, salt and pepper, etc.  In nother words - no flavor folks!Gave em a 2 since they serve Coke instead of Pepsi.  The cookie gal walked right by us...that almost got them a 1, but I figured the cookies were probably bland, too.
4	I don't go to these salad places much but I have to say that Sweet Tomatoes is much better than Souper Salad.  Cleaner, better quality food options, better atmosphere, better service, and better drinks.  The bathroom stunk real bad which didn't seem like it came from the last visit if you know what I mean.  I think I am going to start Yelping more about the bathrooms since a nice bathroom is priceless.  I cant doc much for that since I am glad this place exists otherwise I would be stuck with the other place.  Food is a little more pricey than the other place as well but well worth the extra cost.  Also the trash outside stunk too.
4	Absolutely LOVE coming here for salad. The offerings are always  fresh and there is a great selection enabling the creation of a salad to your own personal specifications. When you consider the salad selection, the chili soup and other offerings, plus the choice of sweets; it is very reasonably priced too.
4	We are definitely regulars here since we try to eat healthy.  We even subscribe to their coupon deals which you can pull up on your phone.  Every month they feature some different menu items so you never get bored with just the salad line.  There is always a big variety of soups and they are fresh and hot.  We usually stick with the salad and soup but they also offer baked potatoes and focaccia bread with different toppings.  They usually have some flavor of "mousse" that is 40 calories per servings, always delicious.  For the kids, there is also mac and cheese and a soft ice cream bar with all the toppings.I have 2 complaints:   I wish they would stock more fruit.  Usually, you have grapes and whole apples to choose from.  I would like to see a mini fruit bar with some more choices.  They also need to expand the drink bar and have more than one ice dispenser...it's Arizona, people want cold drinks!The wait staff is hit or miss, some nights they are very attentive, some nights we have plates piling up.
3	Not a bad place.  I suggest signing up for emails and getting the discount, otherwise it is over priced-especially for dinner.  Watch the salad bar they have some meats they charge $2.49 extra for, and so not worth it.  Pasta sauce is good, but always over cooked noodles.  Love the sweet pot. bar.  Dessert isn't much.  If I ran the place I would get rid of the muffins and bring other things in.  Service and appearance about right for price point.
4	We always come here as a family and my father in law comes here like three times a month. He loves this place and so do we. We always leave full and happy.
5	I have never had a bad experience in the past 15 years I have been coming here. they get really busy but the food is always fresh and they have good service. Love this place.
1	We used to come here a lot, but then not long ago had a very poor experience.  That, coupled with their ever increasing, already ridiculously high prices has made us not return.So, the last time we were there, for 2 adults with beverages and tax, it was around $30.  Really?   I can go to a much nicer place, get just as full, and have decent table service for less.  The salad is ok, though the selection in good.  The soups are average and the bread is mediocre at best.So on the night in question, my wife and 2 kids and me went for dinner, which came to $48.  A short while after I started eating, I began to not feel well.  NOT (let me be clear) in any way related to the food, but because of other issues.  I was not able to eat, and had eaten less than half of the salad on my plate.  I asked a server if I could take the rest with me, as I was not feeling well.  She said she didn't know and walked away.  A moment later, a new person came to the tabel, who I assumed was a manager, though she did not introduce herself.  She told me that I could not take my food home with me unless I paid for a "to-go" meal.  I got a bit annoyed and told her that was not acceptable.  She disappeared and a few minutes later, the store manager came out.  He explained that I would be charged a separate to-go charge if I took my food with me, which was about the same price as the meal.  I told him that I had already paid for this particular food, I didn't want anything else, and only wantedto take what was on my plate and have it later.  He again stated that it was store policy to charge me a to go charge.  I said "so, what you're telling me is that it is ok for you to take the plate and dump it in the trash, but I can't take MY food that I have alreay PAID FOR home and eat it later?"  What BS is this? I was a bit upset, and we ended up leaving without my uneaten salad.  What really was the final straw, was the manager saying "Thank you come again" when I was leaving in a very snotty tone.I filed a complaint with corporate, which remains ignored.  I will instead go to Souper Salad across the street and have better food and service, and my wife and I can eat for $15 for both of us.
4	Being from California, I quickly recognized that Sweet Tomatoes is Souplantation renamed.  The service, food, and prices are all outstanding!
4	This place has a great salad selection, their soups are great and I love their strawberry lemonade. Their prices are far to expensive for what they have, I only go if I can find a coupon. I cannot tell ANY difference between lunch and dinner variety other than some pineapple upside down cake. Not worth the price increase.  I cannot believe they charge extra to put some grilled chicken strips on your salad. Their pasta is mediocre and have rarely found any of them I thought was "really good". Overall I like this place, they have a lot of the food that I really enjoy and I will continue to return.
4	You can eat there all day
2	Not as good as I remember. My first bad experience. Food just wasn't up to par - prepared salads look like they were old or kept one too many nights in the bucket.
1	So sad, so sad...  Another Sweet Tomatoes has changed over to a disaster-case "Field Kitchen".EEK!     :-O
4	Sweet Tomatoes is back! Nice to see the filed kitchen concept gone. They kept a few nice things from field kitchen such as a more elegant decor. Gone are those ridiculous payment cards, inability to have access to the salad dressings and the confusion. Back is the simple payment system, all you can eat concept, self food area, ice cream toppings, and customers. Nice to see Sweet Tomatoes back and with some of the good elements of field kitchen.
5	Yippee Sweet Tomatoes is back! The best family friendly restaurant around!!!!
3	I was so excited to see that the Sweet Tomatoes was returning to it's original format, but I was disappointed to see that they kept some of the worse elements of the Field Kitchen. The lightbulbs on the booths are seriously eye damaging. Who wants to stare at uncovered lightbulbs, for God's sake. The salad bar has been reduced, although the new dressing choices are nice. They got rid of the shredded zucchini, which was my absolute favorite. They kept some of the WORST employees on, and the same leering guys behind the hot counter to make all women feel as uncomfortable as possible. The drink/dessert station is about a foot wide so when two or more people are there, it is mayhem. The soup bowls are made for burning your thumb. The glassware makes for a very nervewracking trip to your table. The thing that I hate the most, there is only iceberg or spring mix lettuce on the salad bar now. So your choice is either the zero nutrional crunchy iceberg or soggy nutritious spring mix. I miss the straight romaine option. I really don't think that Sweet Tomatoes execs. understand their customers AT ALL!
2	We were excited when our closest Sweet Tomatoes location was reopening, however, we won't be coming back. We will continue going to the locations that weren't turned into a Field Kitchen at one point. The salad bar is missing way too many items, the beverage area is too small/awkward and the soup/potato area is also a squeeze (and I'm a small person). It's not worth having to wait in line for soup, not having enough items on the salad bar and being unable to get to the ice machine because people are piled up around the ice cream.
5	Thank goodness Sweet Tomatoes is back. I have missed you! I hated driving down to the Phoenix location to get my fix. I was back here the day it re-opened. There are still remnants of the Field kitchen, but thats ok, as long as most of my Sweet Tomatoes is back. They kept the beer and wine so that should make my dad happy!I don't really have much to add except that it was just like I remembered. The coupons are back so I can feed me, my husband, and baby for less than 20 and give them healthy options. There are not a lot of places like that in Arrowhead. So I am very happy.
4	This is our third time eating here but the first since the remodel and it was great. They seem to still be working on some of the decor but it was very clean which I appreciate. The food is always organized nicely and clean. My daughter loves to be able to pick her own items. The soup bar is a lot larger then before. The noodles are probably the only area that my family did not like but that was okay because there was so many other yummy things!
2	I was ecstatic when I got an email regarding the return on Sweet Tomatoes in its original form as having turned into the Field Test Kitchen was a disaster. However, my excitement ended once I realized that many of my favorite items were either missing or changed. For example, the salad choices are now minimal so you don't get to make the salad actually as nutritious as you want. Also, I used to get Honey Mustard salad dressing and this time, the dressing was watered down and lacked any sweetness at all. Now if that was my only complaint, I would write that I would return but the hot section/ice cream station/soda station that they have seemed to cram into one small space is obnoxious and hard to maneuver around. For example, if anyone is refilling their drink and someone wants ice cream, everyone else must try and maneuver past them and it usually does not work out. Also, they took away the small ice cream cones that my son loved so he was bummed and the ice cream that was frozen yogurt before is now actually ice cream. I did not notice much of a change with the taste but my two year old that used to devour the frozen yogurt took two bites of the ice cream and told me that he did not want anymore. Now that is saying something.
4	I absolutely love Sweet Tomatoes, and this location is right down the street from me!  The strawberry lemonade is delicious and has real strawberry seeds in it.  The staff here is always friendly and nice, and the food is restocked often & kept fresh.  This location is very popular and can get crowded on the weekends, but it is definitely worth a visit (or two!).
5	one of my favs! :) no complaints!
4	Yay, they're back!!  All the stuff that used to be there is pretty much still there.  The soup/dessert area seems to be a little smaller and that beverage station they used to have is no longer there but the food is still yummy and yes, they still have their soft serve!I'm not fond of the aluminum trays they've got now and their salad plates seem t be slightly smaller but everything else seems to be back the way it used to be.  Yay!
3	Apparently Sweet Tomatoes are Souplantation are the same thing. The selection at this Sweet Tomato seemed alot more limited than the Souplantations I've been to so I was a bit disappointed. I'd also say 90% of all their food is vegetarian. All of their pastas, pizzas, and noodle dishes were vegetarian. The only non vegetarian dishes I saw were the soups and a couple of salads so I guess this is a pretty good place to come if you're vegetarian. My favorite dishes were the lava cake and their Beef Peanut Noodle Dish (supposedly vegan so I guess the beef was fake...but I couldn't tell).
1	Horribly regret coming to this place, all the veggies for the salad were dry and bitter. I should have asked for a refund then, but I pushed on... realizing that this is one of those gluten free places I quickly learned that gluten is essential in a lot of dishes cause everything tasted awful... the only thing good about this place was when I left, never to return again.
4	Thank God they decided to drop the idiotic Field kitchen concept and return to good ol' Sweet tomatoes. Good thing is that the new fancy remodel stayed, so it is very nice looking and enjoyable place to eat at. I am a fan of ST and finally enjoying this location again. However if you are planning to eat here, arm yourself with patience for restaurant filled with screaming kids and seniors at any given time.
4	I am now changing my review as they seem to have worked some kinks and the place is much better. The ice cream station and the soda station need some work as it is too crowded but other than that, it is back to my favorite salad place again.
5	= = = = =  DAILY LUNCH & DINNER BUFFET!  = = = = =Like it's twin in Tempe, the reopening of this Sweet Tomatoes after the disasterous "Field Kitchen" experiment included remodeling the inside, upgrading the food & recipes including adding more meat (YAY MEAT!), and standardizing the pricing throughout the week.  I stopped in for lunch today Sunday and was very impressed!  They have managed to keep their brand a little oddball while making skillful, selective upgrades.  Here were some of my favorites here today:*  The "Smoky Bacon" Salad Dressing!*  The "Spicy Sausage & Salsa" Soup!*  The new recipe Chili, made even better by adding in bacon (YAY BACON!), shredded cheddar cheese, scallions & Oyster Crackers!*  Remember the blah slices of French Bread?  Today it was killer good nice & sour SOURDOUGH BREAD with REAL BUTTER to put on it.  (YAY AGAIN!)*  They now have beer & wine too, plus lots of really good desserts!I've been dining with this outfit for decades & today it was just THE BEST THEY HAVE EVER BEEN!  Not only that, the new uniform daily pricing placing this Buffet at only $8.99/$8.09 Sr. qualifies it as a TOP VALUE, especially if you come for Dinner or on a Sunday!     :-))
4	Finally tried this place in Arizona! It was cute, concepts the same as all the other locations I've been to in california.. With the exception of their soup station being pretty small, no dessert bar just soft serve (which was mm mm mm) and you had to pay for cookies -.- BUT the salad bar is still amazing, the Mac and cheese, the cornbread, the pizza, the baked potato.. All still there and all delicious. Who doesn't love getting stuffed off nothing but leaves and water?:p
1	Sweet Tomatoes reminds me of those store purchased cookies from my childhood called Almost Home Cookies. They were almost good but weren't. Sweet Tomatoes is Almost good but also isn't. I tried a variety of things and couldn't find one thing that was good to me except for the service.I made myself a nice big salad with mostly nice produce but whatever dressings were in the salad mix tasted awful to me so my whole nice almost good salad didn't taste good.I tried the Thai Cole Slaw and after a bite I was done with that. It was almost good made with nice fresh vegetables but lacked the taste I wanted. I tried some sort of pasta salad with turkey and the seasoning just wasn't tasty. It was almost good but wasn't. The pasta was very squishy and turned to mush and the turkey had a strong turkey taste to it so it needed a good flavor to cover that up.I tried a piece of grilled chicken, it was moist but was over seasoned with some sort of Italian concoction that tasted awful. Too much dry maybe old herbs. Seemed like it could have been good chicken but wasn't.Tried a little square of pizza. Wow that was bad and not close to almost good. It's kind of like Wonder Bread with tasteless sauce and almost no cheese.Tried a spoonful of Macaroni and cheese, it was maybe slightly better than the blue box stuff and seemed similar to that with maybe some added real cheese. I thought the sweet potato plain might be good. It was a real potato but it was water logged and seemed like it was steamed with lots of water entering the potato making it a watery potato like baby food.The soft serve was almost good. It tasted watered down but was thick. The metal bowls were nice that kept the ice cream cold.Maybe the worst thing I tried was the sweet orange cranberry muffin. It wasn't sweet and had raisins in it instead of cranberries. It just was very unappetizing and was very bread like.Almost good........ but wasn't. Sorry to put it that way but that's the way the cookie crumbles.1.5 stars
4	I have visited this location COUNTLESS times over the years so I'm surprised I hadn't reviewed it until now. The food here is fresh, properly tempered, and the store is VERY clean...well except the bathroom. The bathroom is always a disaster. I'm not sure why. Even after the remodel, the women's bathroom always is sticky, dirty, and just makes me feel like I need to go shower afterwards. It's weird. The staff is usually very nice and friendly but they get very frazzled when the place is busy...and this location is BIZ-EEE. When the snowbirds come and especially during Spring Training, this store is PACKED. As a local, I usually skip ST's lunch time mid-February through beginning of April because it's just too busy. All in all though, this is a good location with consistently good food.  The only other aspect of this store that prevents it from getting 5 stars is that Sweet Tomatoes is ridiculously over priced. It's soup and salad for goodness sake. It shouldn't cost me $25 for 2 people to eat soup and salad with a drink. But that's just me. :)
4	Great selection at this salad bar type place!Pros:Won ton chicken saladEdamameFat free honey mustardBlueberry muffinsCoconut muffin (limited time!)Chicken noodle soupCons:Lots of slow elderly people No warm dessert when I went at lunchBalsamic dress- not a fan!Truly a decent casual spot to stop in and eat fairly healthy.  The lady clearing tables was extremely nice!
2	I went there today and the food was fine, but the service was horrible. I didn't know it was possible to have a bad experience at a Sweet Tomatoes...I mean, come on. I had paid for a fountain drink, but the man from the Coke company was there fixing the machine, so I wasn't able to have a drink through my whole meal. I asked for a refund for my drink, and the staff was so confused as to why. I explained that he was there fixing it, even though they probably should've known that. It took way too long for them to find a manager and explain the situation again, even though it wasn't that  complex. There was no "sorry about that" or any simple remark a normal person in customer service would make. F for service. Basic stuff here.
3	This is a fairly consistent place to go for soup and salad.  The only problem is for the most part the menu only changes once a month.  So if you go there and find the items are not your liking you should wait till the next month and check back to see what has changed.  One last thing they seem to not always have what is advertised to be on the menu.  Sometimes they will have an item that may have been left over from the previous day or provide something that was not even published.
4	Yummy fresh salads!  Soups are only OK- usually only offer one vegetarian soup option. It would be nice if they offered a few more. Also they need gluten free pastry options.  Decorated nicely. Like coming here often.  Would recommend.
3	will be trying ths place again next  week.  look for coupons and then the prce is more than reasonable.  i have a coupon for $29.99 for 2 adults and 2 children (under 12).....that's a deal.  i'm glad someone reviewed the rest rooms.. ugh.   sam s. complained about too many slow elderly people, she should hope she reaches that stage in life.  nasty person!  next time she goes to a restaurant   call ahead to find out what the age group is that day.
5	Love this place! Staff is super friendly. I come quite often, and so far there's only about one server(or busser?) that I'm not too find of. I had Hayden today and he was GREAT.  The best I've had so far. Peach cobbler ice cream is really good and so is he barbecue focaccia. They didn't have my favorite soup today but I'll be back for it:) and Hayden came by with fresh baked lemon cookies which were SO FREAKING GOOD. The manager is always nice and says hi and welcome back.  Never had a bad experience here wish they had more hot options, but the salad bar is the best out of any place.  I'll always keep coming back!
3	This is a nice place to go for a change of pace meal.  All you can eat salad is a good idea, but you can only eat so much of it and then need some real food.  There are a few choices for different soups,  a couple of different style focaccia style breads, a couple pasta choices, baked potatoes, and ice cream.  They make pizza style breads that are not bad but are not great.  The pastas are usually overcooked and either drowning in sauce or not enough on them.  The soups are not homemade, but are the frozen concentrate kind that you add water to.  The salad bar has many choices, and is usually well kept and clean.  For the price of 2 people to eat this place definitely is not a bad choice if you want to try a different concept and you will not leave hungry.  I have always had an issue with the staff here.  Some of them are extremely friendly, but others, especially those behind the counter with the pasta and breads, seem rude.  The sit around speaking spanish gibberish and like they are talking about the customers.  I have even seen them talk closely and point out at people.  It's the way that they do it that makes it a bit uncomfortable..  Of course I may be just reading the whole situation wrong.  My in-laws love this place so when they are in town we go here for them or if we have business at the mall we will stop in here.
4	I don't know why Souplantation names their restaurants outside of California Sweet Tomatoes, but I don't mind either way. The design/logo is similar enough that my family and I realized what it was.The decor in this restaurant is nicer than other Souplantations I've been to in California. It was less crowded (granted, we went at 3:30PM) and it was very clean. All you can eat salad and soup, plus pizza, breadsticks, and dessert. They only have one soda machine - it's one of the fancy new ones with 100s of flavor combinations, so the line can be pretty slow with people deciding what they want or trying to figure out how to use the machine.A couple of downsides: limited selection of fruit and no clam chowder when we went. Those are my two favorite things I look forward to when coming to Souplantation!Otherwise, a great, family-friendly place to have a healthy, inexpensive, and yummy lunch.Tip: Look online for coupons! They usually have a discounted price and a free drink for lunch.
2	food is still good, but the set up is ridiculous, yeah put the soda and ice cream right next to where the soups and pasta are to cause a huge log jam of people. Also had a hair in my salad, not cool.
1	I had posted a review while in the restaurant, but realized that the few words I prattled off did not do justice to the experience.  All these other positive reviews this place has, I do not understand.  So here is the real review this place deserves:First off, the entrance to the place.  I get that this franchise is trying to sell the idea of fresh/healthy food.  Salad is suppose to be healthy.  However, walking in the first thing you notice is the dead and dying hanging herb garden.  This assortment of plants look as though they had not seen anyone's attention in months.  Given the storms in the valley, I would have given this a pass, but once inside the door, you are greeted with baskets full of rotting red peppers and Leaks that have been ignored for so long they had mold growing in the stems.  (Not exactly what you call fresh)  You can tell it was nothing more than a thoughtless display that was tossed together months ago and forgotten.Next the price.  26$ for two people to eat lunch...  Really... for a buffet?   I understand that healthy food is more expensive.  (Pita Jungle regularly gets my dollars) The price would not be that far out of line if the food quality was there to support the price.  Or if it was fresh, made-to-order like PJ.  (This was not)So the food.  Bland, no seasoning, pre-packaged tasting and gross.  As I got my plate and stepped into the line I was met with wet, wilted over dressed greens.  They were soaking in a bowl of water and dressing.  Not a good start.  I picked a few of the other items as a sample, expecting to find something worth coming back for.  Alas, I never came back to this line for many reasons, but mostly because nothing had any flavor.  If was mostly texture and the idea of salad.   I continued on to the soup.  Several selections, but again, you could tell nothing was fresh and everything came out of a commercial plastic bag.  No flavor, and not a speck of salt or seasoning.  Bland and flavorless.  I then tried the mac n cheese and other pasta choices, hoping for something to save the meal.  No luck...  No seasoning, bland and gross.  The mac and cheese would have been better if it came out of a box.  The oil rising to the top of the cheese sauce you could wick off with your napkin.Last chance to save the meal, I hit the potato bar.  (I mean, how do you screw up a potato?)  They found a way!  The potato was so over-cooked that it had the texture of chalk... Hot, flavorless, chalk.  Even with all the toppings, I could not get past the texture.  Then came the extra-special bonus.  A piece of plastic.  (Looked like the tip of a bag  clip)  Hey... It happens, so not a big deal, but...  Where did it come from?  The potato was whole, so it had to have been in with the toppings right?  (The mystery of the rouge plastic bag clip bugged me the whole drive home.)All in all...  This place is off my list for good.  Even if they cleaned up their act, I'm not sure that I would give it a try again.  For the price I can do sushi, Pita Jungle or just about any other healthy alternative for the same price or less.  No, this is not a place I would ever recommend or return to again.MRM
3	Dropped another star because of the lack of cleanliness. They need to keep up with their cleaning especially in the bathroom.  Super dirty and smelly which is gross especially at a restaurant. Area near the bathroom and kitchen is stinky yuck!
4	I come I this location a lot. I like that it's so close, but I hate that it gets so crowded on the weekend. Can't complain about that though since it is in a prime location. They always keep the salad bar nice and clean! The bus staff is always on top of cleaning stuff off of the tables,sometimes they even refill your drink. My only complaint is that it's so expensive! $27 for 2 people for dinner with drinks and that's with 15% off! That won't keep us away though.
4	My boyfriend & I have come to enjoy this place. I am not a salad eater, but I go for the soup, pasta, and baked goods. They are always rotating their menu items, so check their website before you go if you are hoping for a specific soup or bakery item. It's not a cheap buffet, but we have been getting coupons in the mail so those save us a few bucks. Today I had the Deep Kettle House Chili, focaccia (pizza), mac & cheese, Chicken Pipette & Vegetable soup, penne pasta, blueberry muffin, apple cinnamon muffin (gluten free), chocolate chip cookies, and soft serve. Carb overload! The focaccia was soft & cheesy and the muffin was tasty... didn't taste weird at all for being gluten free. The dining room attendant was good about coming by and refilling our waters, and even brought around fresh chocolate chip cookies, which I have not seen them do before. I was disappointed when she first came around because she skipped our table, but when we asked her about the cookies she went and got us some. And then brought us more from the next fresh batch! The chocolate chips were not as sweet as I'm used to (slightly bitter) and I thought the dough was more buttery than sugary. But I still enjoyed everything. I think they have good quality stuff, especially compared to Souper Salad. My biggest complaint is the layout. Everything is really close together which is especially problematic when it's busy.
4	Yet another update. Cleanliness seems to be much better yay. Food is good,  wish they would offer more vegetarian and or gluten free soups however.  Service is always great. Manager is great as well,  nice to see a manager in front of house and interacting with customers/helping staff, props to him!
3	Decent place to grab a salad with variety. The other options od soup, cheese bread and baked potatoe are ok too. Dessert is limited but good.
