4	Sometimes a girl just needs a ten dollar shirt to go with her three hundred dollar shoes. Hottie fills the need of the last minute outfit or dress when one simply cannot find something to wear in her closet. This women's clothing store always has selections of colorful, trendy, fun stuff. I love running in at the last minute to grab a little dress for dinner or a great necklace to finish off an outfit. They do have shoes, if your in dire need of a pair, although it isn't usually my reason for going there. They have absolutely divine summer dresses and tunics. With a couple in the valley and usually off the strip, this place is great for us locals when we have been invited to dinner at the last minute!!
4	Find yourself in Vegas for the weekend with nothing to wear and on a budget....This is the place for you.  It's so overwhelming (in a good way) and there are some pretty fugly things and some pretty cute things. Take your time and try on EVERYTHING.  Cheap clothes sometimes don't always look as good on as they do on the hanger. =)
4	I like Hottie's for the location convenience. I'm not a huge shopper or a fashionista and I don't like going to the mall. I'm just your average girl who likes sweater and jeans in the winter and dresses in the summer. I don't do crazy prints and I'm pretty boring in my color selections. However, if I ever need something to wear to go out, I check out Hottie's. Sometimes I find something, sometimes I don't. There's a lot of clothes on the rack and you just need to sort through them to find treasure or whatever meets your needs. Overall, somethings can be fairly cheap and somethings are pricey, but I will be back for more!
1	rude employees that lack communication skills
3	Cute clothes. Cheap prices. Helpful staff. What's up?!
3	They changed this store recently so it looks like patti's closet now. A lot of their stuff is cute but it didn't quite fit. However...I was able to score an awesome birthday dress for $50, super sexy shoes for $30, and a cute purse for $40.
1	I have never had anyone ask to help me. Things seem over priced for quality. Bought a shirt online and was damaged. It also didn't fit well so I returned it. They said they wouldn't return it. I am aware this is their policy but wouldn't even give me a credit. So I thought give it back and I'll donate it. Nope I would be charged shipping and handling. For an item I don't like, is poor quality and damaged. NOPE won't give this business anymore of mine ever!
5	Cute clothes that not everyone else will have! They have a ton of sexy dresses, rompers, tank tops, crop tops, bustiers, and SHOES. Their heels are probably my favorite. And the sales are pretty reasonable too, with a huge selection. Staff have always greeted me and been very nice as well.
2	I use to love this store but there's been a change in management or something the clothes aren't as cute and the stores now only hold clothes for ONE hour? Use to be like any store till the end of the night (until closing) an hour really? Ridiculous, and now they also do not do returns. Exchange only must because the quality of some of their clothes is starting to SUCK. No longer my favorite boutique.
