4	I can't speak entirely on the taste of the food, so I will have to come back for the taste test review at a later date. However I was lucky enough to experience this hidden find before it even opens. Located in downtown Charlotte on the ground floor of the 505 Building at the corner of Sixth Street and North Caldwell, behind Time Warner Cable Arena and across the street from Villa Francesca Kalu is an Asian kitchen, bar, and lounge...you will be amazed by the cuisine and the surrounding of this place. The artwork is unbelievable and a spiral staircase leads the way to a magnificent lounge upstairs. The restaurant will be serving 8 sakes never before served in the USA. Living in LA for a few years this definitely reminds me of one of those hip celeb hangouts...however saying that do not hesitate to walk in its definitely not stuffy and the staff is extremely friendly. The restaurant features western style tables as well as a large sushi bar that lights up in all sorts of different colors, a lounge upstairs, and a large bar and lounge area looking right into Charlotte's skyline. I can't wait to take the girls here for some drinks when it opens. The Chef Bryan Emperor is a top 7 samurai sushi chef and brings years of authentic Japanese culinary training. I did get to try an amazing dish of his... a whole main lobster grilled and topped with a garlic miso sauce the presentation was amazing... I can't describe it well enough so I will post a photo. I think this will definitely be a first for many food lovers...from sushi, dim sum, Maine Lobster, Kobe Meatballs, and individually cooked rice in iron pots. Truly a culinary tour I have yet to experience and can't wait to try.
5	I got lucky enough to be invited to the private cocktail party this past Monday for Kalu. This place definitely oozes uptown class. From the oversized chairs to the three lighted bars and sweeping staircase, there is an element of luxury in every corner. You can choose the kind of night out you want to have within this restaurant, whether it's a date night, girls night out, or a big night on the town. The servers are very friendly and the world-renowned chef clearly cares about his culinary creations.Since this was a cocktail party, I was able to have a sampling of several different menu items. Just when I thought all of the Asian concepts existed in Charlotte, Kalu pleasantly surprised me. From a spicy tuna roll with a sweet finish to garlic-beef skewers that were amazingly tender, this place offers a flare all its own. I recommend trying the Kobe Beef meatballs when you go!Kalu has everything to offer from sushi to Asian Noodle Bowls to Mongolian Barbecue! Chef Bryan Emporer has paired up with owner Jason to create a one of a kind experience in Charlotte that I had thought was old and tired with all of the "Asian Bistros" popping up! The grand opening is this Friday, June 25th, and although I won't be able to attend due to an out of town vacation, I think everyone should go and try the new menu out and let me know your favorites!
3	Fantastic atmosphere - overpriced. The server 'pulled a fast one' by selling us a price fixe menu with a price tag that increased when the bill came. Otherwise, a terrific experience - very authentic food with spectacular presentation. Would like to see a DJ after the restaurant crowd and make this a lounge with some vibes. Hope it makes it!
2	Ahh our second anniversary...we wanted to make it special and try out a few items at KALU to start the night off right. Overall, an B for effort, D for execution. Hubs and I made an 8 pm reservation on Monday night...yes, I expected it to be pretty dead on a Monday evening, but it was our anniversary so we didn't care. We drove up and circled the building for 10-15 minutes trying to find a place to park. After pulling into and out of a handful of different restricted parking lots, we chose the lot across the street from the restaurant. The sign said $5 after 7 pm but the closer of the two scary little boothes was "out of order." So, we rolled in to sit down.Upon entering we asked about parking - where the eff do you park around here? The lot across the street, for $5 apparently. And make sure you pay, because they do come often and check! So, hubs trekked back out to the working (scary) booth to take care of it. FYI - the booth takes cards. Overall, not an awesome start...and they don't have valet on the weekends either.On to the ambiance - it's lovely inside. Tons of modern Asian influences and big, BIG tables - which was a bit weird for us and we were sat at a 5-top with only two people. Not so romantico, but whatev. Our waitress, Lolita, was super sweet and offered a few different options to work through the menu...I will say, though, if there were more people in the restaurant we wouldn't have been able to hear her! She is incredibly soft spoken. Chef Bryan is also extremely hospitable and really made sure that we were comfortable with the menu and ensured that we enjoyed our dishes. And food...here's what we ordered:KALU Ginger Ale: 2/5: An interesting and super sweet combo of ginger ale and an assortment of upscale booze. A little too sweet for me. Wasabi Roll: 4/5 (on the house): Chef Bryan sent this out and made sure that we could "handle the heat." Indeed we can! It was a great start and completely cleared my sinuses! I'm not sure exactly what was in it but it was different versions of wasabi, shiso and rice. Rock shrimp tempura: 1/5: Mah-jah bummer here. I was expecting something completely different...I read tempura shrimp and seasonal vegetables...what came out were huge clumps of french fries with a tiny amount of shrimp and scattered veggies. Pork Shu Mai: 2/5: Meh...I didn't like the flavor of the pork...but I know hubs did, though. Not a bad deal for the price...3 for $9. I'd like to try the shrimp next time. Wagyu steak: 3/5: (cooked on the rock): A delicious cut of meat, albeit extremely overpriced at $25. Instead of the pesto topping, it was made with black sesame - a really nice touch. So, will I be back to Kalu? Doubtful...especially considering the cost!
3	Such a cool looking place and so much potential. Went here recently for the first time. While the food was tasty, the menu was a little confusing and long, though everything looked great. Started off with a wasabi that was recommended by Chef Brian...very good and it packed some heat. Then came the pork dim sum. I enjoyed these and would order again (3 to an order). Last two items ordered were the rock shrimp w/veggies and the hanger steak on the hot stone. Ordered it for the fun aspect as the price is a little high for what you get. The flavor of the steak was good; however, the rock shrimp was a little disappointing as it came fried together with show string potatoes...a little greasy for me. A few other observations...parking is difficult and there is no valet. That said, the lot across the street is $5, so plan on paying for parking the limited metered spots are taken. The tables are large and can easily seat 4-5 minimum. No 2-tops, so if you're their with just one other person the table will seem over-sized. The bar and lounge area are very nice and would be great for lounging before or after dinner for a drink. All and all, not a bad first visit, and with the menu as detailed as it is and the service good as it was I'll be sure to try a few other items on my next visit.
2	I want to like this place so badly.  The interior is modern and cool.  This music creates a club-like feel while the endless anime on the large plasmas makes for a playful vibe.  There is some bar seating available, both at the drinks bar and the sushi/salad bar, but the mix of tables out on the floor is where most of the action is.More importantly, though, this place has some of the most adventurous and quality take on a fascinating cuisine that, in Charlotte, is otherwise usually left to a take-out menu's order-by-number system.The problem, however, is in the execution.  From the service to the food prep, this restaurant has timing issues that drag this place down into an evening of frustration you won't soon forget.On our recent trip here, our drinks didn't come out until well into the night, after several courses of food had already arrived.  We were told the bar was short staffed, but our server didn't even offer to bring water to the table in the meantime.  By the time our drinks arrived, they were pointless.  Courses arrive in an unpredictable fashion, some much later than others.  We were told the tempura fry station was running much behind the others, which is why we had to wait longer.  Food is served by any server as soon as it comes out of the kitchen, but that is little consolation when you have no idea whether you ever got all that you ordered.By the end of the service, our waitress had all but given up, you could tell she was frustrated.  She said we could just tell her anything that did not arrive and she would take it off the bill- she was totally clueless as to what food we had received or eaten.  What was really sad was that I expected her to offer to comp all or part of the meal, or at least the drinks- no dice, which just made my experience all the more sour.Sadly, the food is, for the most part, very good.  Everything is served tapas style, which means small bites OK for one or two, but not enough if you are a party of three or four.  I don't even mind the higher price tags because of the quality and presentation.  Too bad getting to it is such an exercise in bad service and frustration.  I'd be very reluctant to go back.
2	Visited this place for a work function a few weeks ago. We had the upstairs area reserved for our use and the bar was poorly stocked. the bartender had to run downstairs every 2 minutes to get one thing or another. When asked about the lack of options for wine he said management told him to sell us liquor, and to try to get us to purchase the opus one wine at over $500 a bottle. I felt like they were trying to fleece us. The food was good but the portions were small, and the servers were very attentive and knowledgeable but the way they tried to take us for all they could left a really bad taste in my mouth. So much so that it's hard for me to give it more than two stars.
4	Konichiwa! Kalu is located in the bottom of the Courtside building with little signage, but they now have a valet.  I had high expectations when making the reservations after reading a couple articles about it. Then I visited Yelp and say these very mixed reviews. When we first arrived they sat us in the bar area, which has a vibrant, loud atmosphere but there were a few drunk men making a raucous so we asked to be moved once our third person arrived so we wouldn't have to eat dinner in Animal House. Once we got sat in the dining room near the kitchen it was much more civilized. It looked like they had upstairs seating which I bet they use on weekends.The server who was very friendly said up front that it was tapas style, so it's made to share and it comes out when it's ready. In our case we got 5 things and it was perfectly timed to arrive as soon as we finished the course before.  We ordered:-Edamame to tide us over until the 1st course came. 5/5-Their "Chicken wings" - absolutely delicious teriyaki flavor with a lovely crunch from the potato starch they use as covering  5/5 - must have!-Hamachi sashimi on the lit ice bowl 5/5  I couldn't really taste the truffle oil which supposedly was on it but it was so delicious, fresh and almost melted in my mouth. I did study abroad in Japan, so I was really looking forward to seeing the quality of the sashimi. I could almost "cut it with my tongue".-Unagi, avocado and Japanese Peppercorn sushi - 2/5  Only 4 pieces came with this roll and I was thankful it wasn't 8. It was our server's fave roll, but it didn't sit well with me. First of all these kind of fancy complex rolls with lots of ingredients aren't found in Japan so this was really to cater to us. There was some sweet flavor that was a little funky and possibly they had Chinese five spice to the sauce. I love black pepper and usually I can never have too much, but these peppercorns had a totatlly different flavor. One of our party liked it. I couldn't really get to the quality of the eel though. As a result there was 1 unwanted piece at the end.-Wagyu skirt steak skewer with green onion and garlic chips.  4/5 Make sure this is at the end of the meal because it is really a distinctive steak that is very good but very garlicky. We all loved it-Chef's treat of rice with "truffles" but it was crimini and shittake mushrooms which was 5/5 - delish. One of our party was freaked by the crimini, but she's from the Midwest :) So the food was definitely what we all hoped it would be and the plating was exquisite.  So we were ready to cleanse the palate and dive into dessert but the server said that "japan isn't really into sweets" so they only have 1 dessert of the night and that night it was a citrus creme. I enjoyed it because it kind of reminded me of something from my childhood but the other two girls didn't touch theirs after the first bite. So given the selection (or lack thereof) and the group's rating, I have to give it a 2/5   Since Chef Emperor catered to American tastes of all the sushi rolls, I don't know why he wouldn't also throw a couple other things on the dessert menu like green tea ice cream, mochi or tempura ice cream,  or a nice citrus cake.  Maybe he should outsource his desserts to me :) This is the main reason I didn't give it 5 stars. Our total at the end of the night for food was $90 for 3 and wine was $75 which obviously we could have done without. I expected much worse for the food.Would I go back? Absolutely. Hopefully they've worked out all the kinks by now.  I am glad though that I didn't go on a busy weekend. Oishii desu.
4	Absolutely mouth watering.  Loved it! It was a Tues night so there were none of the service issues for us, so I cant speak for a weekend night.. The part of town leaves much to be desired but I dont much care- they have free valet and the food is worth it.  The interior is modern asian and all black and red- very nice with interesting artwork that I enjoyed checking out and a cool upstairs that Im sure they use on busier nightsMy cocktail was the pear Yamamomo (?) (probably totally mangling that one) the waiter recommended it as really good but not too sweet and he was right on.  Loved it.Pork Shiu Mai, fabulous- great flavor and tender without being gooey.  Kalbi Marinated Wagyu Short Rib-totally fatty and melt in your mouth tender, Negima Rolled Wagyu Ribeye, Green Onion, Teriyaki Sauce-also really fatty and tender.  Also got a hamachi roll which was great.  Overall we really enjoyed it and cant wait to go back.
2	Horrible beer selection, but the old meck brewery beers are good. Parking is a rough situation. Service wasn't that great as far as good went, but the bartender was great. Waited an hour for one order of kabobs, but they were amazing. Manager apologized and comped it, but still a ridiculous wait to be one of four tables in there.
4	We almost passed right bu it because it's another restaurant in a nondescript building, at the bottom of a condo tower. It was raining outside, and the valet was around the corner from the front door. I am not sure why this was, and they did not offer to walk us to the front door under an umbrella, just said, "The front door is around that way". Upon entering the bored hostess looked up and gave us a friendly greeting. (Note to manager: tell your hostess to hide her Bojangles soda). We did not have reservations and she tried to seat us in the bar/lounge area. We asked to be seated in the main dining room and she promptly did. The place is beautiful, and it is evident that the owners sunk a lot of money into the decor. Very LA. All the servers wore tight black t-shirts and black jeans. Ours has small gages in his ears, all attempting to be very hip. Our server was VERY knowable about the menu and the sake list. He pointed out his favorites and suggested sakes. We don't know much about sake, so he even brought us each a taste of what we were thinking o  of ordering. We were informed of the tapas style, and knew that going in so had no problem with it. We took the waiters suggestions and ordered sake. Stolitz glasses, very nice. We started with the edemame which was tasty, but at $9.00 a little steep for what it was. Then we had the Kobe meatballs and chicken wings. Presentation was stylish and appealing and the flavors were SPOT ON!! We then had pork belly skewers with wasabi, and although this was our least favorite, the wasabi was fresh grated and the plat up was beautiful. After that we had lamb dumplings which had an interesting flavor of middle east meets eats that worked well. We only went for a couple of snacks and a glass of sake, and out bill was $80.00. Not cheap by any stretch, but you pay for all the beautiful small-wares and the decor. I would definitely return for a special occasion. Service was friendly, knowledgeable and timely. Presentations of food were beautiful, flavors was amazing, decor was appealing and they spared no expense on the small-wares.
1	Off the beaten path and you can either park yourself at the $4 parking across the restaurant or valet for $4. The decor is really nice and thats the only nice thing about this restaurant.Food pretty much sucked and what sucked more was that everyone in our group got their food at different times. At the end of it all, all of us felt like we overpaid to still feel hungry. Everyone ended up going to a Chilis afterwards to have a proper dinner - which says something about the portions and food at Kalu's, doesn't it?I am NEVER going back here and wouldn't recommend anyone to even try the place. If you are really desperate for some Asian food and don't want to go to any other restaurant around, I'd suggest some microwaveable Asian food from Harris teeter and a dinner while watching TV instead. :)
5	Kalu is the best upscale Asian restaurant I have ever eaten at. I visited Charlotte this weekend, and was somewhat worried about going here after reading Yelp reviews. But, I decided to go because it was rated by another source as one of America's best restaurants, and the menu intrigued me. The food is tapas style. There were two of us and we ordered 6 items (probably could have done with one less) and each one was amazing! I went two nights ago, and I am still thinking about the food. There's no drink list which I think is strange. And the location is downtown, but a little off the beaten path. Somehow, we lucked out and scored a table with a view of the city skyline. You have to check this place out! Note: it's not kid friendly, and it's rather noisy (at least on a Saturday night).
4	Gotta say, I wanted to dislike this place based on a friends experience and some of the reviews.  HOWEVER, this placed rocked with many dishes with subtle flavors and those with complexity.     Yes, you're going to drop some change and yes, the portions are not Red Lobster all you can eat chow down.  This place is about elegant food in an elegant environment.  It might not be for all, so really check yourself before going as to what really pleases you.  If you're all about cheap quantity, move on.  If you're about experiencing fine food as artistry, then go and go quickly.
2	This place was exactly what the majority of the reviews said it to be: the food was great, the dinning experience was not.  I really don't expect this restaurant to be around very much longer.  Firstly, the main draw to Kalu was head chef Bryan Emperor, however Emperor is no longer affiliated with the restaurant.  They are still operating from his menu however, according to our server they are completely revamping the menu which means Emperor's creations are likely out and the new chef, who seemed to spend much of his time behind the sushi bar on his iPhone, will be adding his touches.I do not want to overshadow the fact that the sushi my wife and I had was some of the best that we have EVER had.  And that is a bold statement as we are transplants from Los Angeles where bad sushi there, is typically better than the best stuff here, at the risk of sounding pretentious, (pretentious or not, I think being adjacent to the ocean does give you access to fresher fish, its as simple as that).  The Kalu Roll was spectacular.  The Dragon roll was phenomenal.  What I loved was, there was no "traditional" sushi, or at least it wasn't on the menu.  No unagi nigiri or California Rolls, here.  They are all original creations and they were all divine.  But who knows how much of that will remain on the menu.I should also note, and this is not an exaggeration, our reservations were for 8pm on a Friday night.  When we arrived we were the only ones in the dining room.  The.  Only.  Ones.  That does not bode well for the future of the restaurant.The servers were young and inexperienced.  They were out of the lamb, they were out of all dumpling dishes, they were out of Kendall Jackson chardonnay.  How do you run out of a wine that you can pick up inexpensively at the local Harris Teeter?!  And when my favorite Bombay Sapphire martini came with a twist rather than my favorite -- two olives -- I sent it back to learn they were also out of olives.  Did I mention that we were the only ones in the dinning room?  That means they didn't have a run on these items, it means they opened on a Friday night ill-stocked.So while the food was very, very good, I still cannot recommend this restaurant.  I am eternally looking for that go-to Sushi joint in Charlotte but I don't think Kalu will be around much longer even if I felt this could be that for me.  If you are looking at Kalu, I am afraid you should keep looking because this isn't going to be what you are looking for.
2	The food is good It is a bit pricy but worth the experience. If you are a foodie fanatic you will enjoy this place. Needs better staff and nicer friendlier people.
1	So i pondered for a week or so and went back an fourth on writing a review- so today after some reflection I am going to write and review and try to keep it short and to the point as i  can. Visited here on a busy downtown night after leaving a show with a couple visting from out of town, hadn't read previous reviews, but we were hungry, we all liked sushi, and all liked trying new places...For a busy downtown night with the parking lots across the street packed--this place was completely EMPTY except employees.  When we walked in the employees and manager were laid back chatting it up at the bar.  After standing there for a few the manager asks if we were dining in and we requested to look around before we made a decision...Went upstairs and the other hand full of employees were horse playing and giggling.  We decide to eat there and brush all of the laxness on it being a slow night.As we are coming back down to be seated one of the ever so "professional waitresses"; pushes past us to get a better look and my friend's husband...As in looks him up and down, then down and up, then turns around as she passes to give a very coy smile.. any woman reading this should know the type of looks I'm talking about one that you would expect your local prostitute to give especially at a man clearly there with his wife...  My husband brushes it off as a girl being "young and silly".  My friend is not amused and after the fact said she didn't want to make a scene while trying to enjoy their vacation.  I thought I was in the twilight zone and in my mind I'm thinking..."Who does that when they are working?"I keep things bubbly..We order drinks which were very good-just the right amount of kick.  We ordered appetizers which were nothing to write home about and took forever to get to the table.  We decided that we would rather take our guests somewhere we had been before and  that we knew they would enjoy the food.  We all got up and ventured to the RR since we had a good walk to the car.  I would have given them 2 stars at this point..However once we were away from the restaurant, had dinner elsewhere, and were safely at home...My friend's husband shares that waitress mentioned above-sent male waiter in RR to give him her phone number?!?!?! I can appreciate him for waiting until we were safely home to prevent WWIII from occurring in Kalu.Am am disgusted and will not be returning.
1	I went during the CIAA and I hated the food.  The staff was okay. I agree with one of the other post they are too busy trying to date the customers. The best thing about the place is the structure.  I give the layout 5/5 the rest of the place a zero but you would not let me rate it that low.  KEEP YOUR MONEY IN YOUR POCKET For this place.
4	Had a selection of appetizers and it was all yummy.  The decor is amazing!  Friendly service, too.
1	Pro's: unique, good tasting foodCONS:1) pompous, poor service2) very expensive3) incredibly small portionsI had to go to Wendy's afterwards because I was still hungry, and after spending $80. The waiters didn't know the menu.Maybe Come here if you have a corporate expense account
