4	This is a bar that has more than just the typical bar food.  Daily specials mean new dishes that include sandwiches, burgers, salads, steaks, and seafood. They have efficient service, busboys who clean tables promptly, and allow you to throw your peanut shells on the floor! But with food that is thoughtfully prepared, it is a waste to fill up on unlimited peanuts. Oh, did I mention they have happy hour and drink specials every day ?....
4	This is our neighborhood restaurant and we love it.  Huge menu, great drink specials, efficient and super nice staff, plus buckets of peanuts on the tables.  I challenge anyone to not find at least 27 things they'd like to try on the menu.
5	I live across the street from this location and have been going here since 2003. Their food is so much better than your average bar food. I have taken quite a few pictures through the years of some of my favorites and added them on here. I absolutely love their wings especially the Jess Jess (Medium sauce with garlic and bleu chees crumbles) and the El Hefe (garlic and cilantro). I have tried so many of the menu items that I could go on and on. Everything is just so good here. They also have great beer specials all week. It's probably a good thing that they don't have NTN trivia here or I would be here all the time.
4	BEST WINGS IN ARIZONA!I can't believe that with the two reviews before me haven't mentioned their wings.  They beat Buffalo Wild Wings by a long shot.  Now I have to admit I haven't had many items on their menu, mainly just wings, burgers, and fries but everything I have tasted was amazing.  Although that could be because I have had a few beers in me.  TW also has a good beer selection on tap, although my wife has complained on their mixed drink selection.  Overall, if you want to eat great wings, get drunk, and play some Golden Tee, nothing beats TeakWoods.
3	This is definitely your typical sports bar - a mix between an abundance of TVs, mediocre bar food, and peanut shells lining the bar floor (that last part is my absolute favorite part of the bar). They have a good amount of outdoor seating which is another bonus. It's also located in an area without many bars which makes it a popular hangout for many people on Friday & Saturday nights, which is when it gets pretty crowded. Overall... average, which is not a bad thing for the middle of Gilbert :)
5	Best Wings in AZ is right!  They take the proven recipe from Long Wongs and deliver it with great customer service.  Order the HOT wings GRILLED and get  treat of your life.  They take great (gourmet) care in every dish.
3	Crashed a birthday party that was at Teakwoods. Overall I'm not thoroughly impressed with this place mostly because it was dirty and chaotic. But also because I think this restaurant is trying reach too many niches. When I walk in all I see are parts of other restaurants: Islands, the Sand Bar, Buffalo Wild Wings, Texas/Logan's Roadhouse, and arcade games from Red Robins. All I have to say is: PICK A THEME AND RUN WITH IT!! Teakwoods has no culture, no ambiance, nothing that really strikes me with any appeal. The wings were okay, but I've had better. The Greek Salad was actually the best thing I tried, it had good flavor and the perfect amount of dressing and came with pita bread triangles (love it). But the burger I ordered needed more flavor...the service was really really slow, but our waitress was really nice and it was a birthday party so I'll let the slow service slide a little because she was putting in a lot of orders at the same time. This place is A-OK!
4	Here is their website where you can view the menu: http://www.teakwoodstavern.com/ We went here because my hubby was craving hot wings and I seen all the good reviews for this place. He ordered the insanity wings and they were some of the hottest he has ever ate and he loved them! We also got the fried zucchini, was was excellent. I got the candlestick carver sandwich and loved it. It was basically a french dip on sourdough with horseradish and green chili made with prime rib and melted cheese.....2 die 4! We will definitely go again for some good grub and brews.
4	Teakwoods is a great local place to have great wings they also have awsome soft pretzels with cheese dip, large bar and dinning area service is fast and good one of thoses places with peanut shells all over the floor and free peanuts on every table and very large portions of almost everything
4	went here for lunch with my boyfriend. we came on a friday so they had specials going on. its a really big place. they have peanuts on the table which is awesome and bad cause they are addicting! lol. we both got beer. i ordered a blue moon and like it should, came with and orange slice! my boyfriend got a hamburger and i got tacos. they were really good! i would definitely go back to this place!
5	My husband and I eat here often. We love their wings and nachos! I look forward to trying their breakfast.   There's a waiter named Polly that's pretty good at remembering our names and is excellent at his job.  The only complaint that I have is that they don't ever show any fights here but there are many other places that do. I can come here for the food and cold beers.
3	Good solid place to go if you want to hang out with friends, drink a few beers and watch 5 different football games going on at once.  Service started out a little slow when but got better as the night went on. We stuck around for 7 hours and the server never seemed in a rush for us to leave, so you have to appreciate that since 7 hours is a long time to tie up seats.  She was also pretty nice when we tried splitting the bill between cards and cash; I know how much of a pain that can be and it was a Saturday to boot.I didn't eat but one of my friends did, and the lavosh looked pretty darn good.  Judging by the way he mowed through the entire thing, I'm going to say he thought it was pretty outstanding too. It was the buffalo chicken one.Yeah, the place is noisy, and peanut shells are everywhere, but it's a sports bar and that's what you'd expect there.  They also have a great selection of beers, both on tap and bottled; I hate when I go somewhere and only have a couple choices of the same mediocre beers everyone has.And of course, if you're hungry, try the wings!
4	The only reason this place doesn't get five stars is that it's often too noisy and crowded inside because of the sports freaks.  The patio is nice when the weather is good, and not noisy.The wings are excellent here, particularly their two specialty wings which are unusual and very tasty.  The lavosh pizzas are amazing and their specialty dinners and appetizers rival the offerings at high-end restaurants. Decent beer selection on tap.  Prices are reasonable.
4	Fun setting to go with friends that want to have a few cool ones with good sports bar food.  Friendly staff and good service.  We had a fairly large group that stayed for hours with no pressure to leave or free the tables up.Enjoyed a great burger with grilled green chili and sweet potato fries.Tends to get noisy at times, peanut shells on the floor fun environment.
4	I'm giving teakwoods a four based on other sports bars. I have always been happy with the food here. Though yesturdays sandwich toped everything I have tried there. I ate the pretzle philly cheese steak. It was a philly sandwich on a pretzle bun. Awesome! If you want good food, good prices, and sports. It is a good place to go. Oh yeah dont forget free peanuts...
1	Horrible manager! She told us we only needed to wait 25 minutes and we ended up waiting an hour. She just had excuses up the wall. Thank goodness the Jack Daniels is only $3
1	I wish I could give them negative stars.  Poor customer service.  Host never asked for our party name just handed us a pager.  Then host proceeded to sit several parties that arrived and signed in after our party (including a party of 10).  After this we tried to locate a manager but none were to be found.  We decided to leave and called to speak with a manager but she was not the least bit interested and said we needed to call back the next day to talk to the GM.
2	I think I would like this place drunk. The staff was nice and helpful. The place felt dirty. But the worst part was my husbands sandwich bun was moldy, it was a couple patches, but enough for someone paying attention to see. This happened a couple of months ago. For a place so busy we were shocked that there was time enough for mold to grow on the bread. My friends love this place and I would love to give it another try, but I'm afraid to.
5	Always impressed with the service, food, and variety.  They win!
4	This sports bar has a great local neighborhood sports bar feel. There's seating in or outdoors. I've never been unhappy w/anything I have ordered. In fact, I'm usually pleasantly surprised. And I think their hot wings are great! The best in the area. This place is noisy, but hey it's a sports bar. Would you expect anything less? Check it out and enjoy.
4	Great food, service, and atmosphere!Atmosphere - Very casual bar that offers [dangerously addictive] peanuts by the bucket load that can be disposed of via the floor. I like it!Drinks -  They have a great happy hour [everyday!] from 2-7 and a great selection of beers. Food - Really good! Burgers are huge and cooked as perfectly as you requested it. I couldnt even eat half my meal it was so big. Eating too many peanuts prior may also have been a reason... O:)Service - Fast and attentive! I will definitely be back. Fun atmosphere, good service, and great happy hour specials :)
5	THE standard for wings in Arizona, in my opinion.Teaks cooks their wings to order, has great creative flavors - Jess Jess, El Jeffe, etc., and the staff is always prompt with great service. A well oiled, well run machine.The bar staff is fantastic, my wife and I are 'regulars'. They know us by name, have our drink in our hands within minutes if not seconds.The only drawback is the noise, crowd, lack of bar seeting and the bloody screaming kids parents tend to let run around earlier in the evening...We time our visits better now to eliminate these factors and can't wait to go back again.They are in S.Gilbert and WORTH THE DRIVE! They free pour so have a DD.
3	This place used to be amazing but over the past two years they have slipped.  They used to have excellent service but this has slipped the most.  They seemed to have replaced older, more seasoned staff with younger less experienced. I do still go an had a waiter the other day that was excellent so perhaps I just got unlucky a few times.  The biggest slip is that the place is not kept very well.  It seems like they have given up trying to keep the dining room clean.  It gets worse and worse and it looks like everything is grimy.  The wings and food are usually good here.  The wings can be great if you ask them to cook them crispy.  The hot are hotter than most so be careful.  Great happy hour prices and beer specials.  Be sure to get the fish tacos if they have them.  If you have loud kids this is a great place.  It is VERY loud and nobody will hear them.  They  also can throw their peanuts on the floor so that will keep them busy for a while.  Great family place.
2	Two visits and I'm just not that into the food.  I like the bucket of peanuts at each table, and I certainly like the chicken wings. Beyond that, I have not been impressed with the food. Burgers are just ho-hum. My wife reports that the BLT is nothing special.  For a similar type of place that serves much better chow in the East Valley, try "Blue 32."
5	The honey BBQ hot flavored wings are the best I have ever eaten. I only come for the wings so I can't speak for anything else they serve. My wife and kids say the food is delicious. The place is really loud but not to the point that it's uncomfortable. The price of food for the quality you get is unparalleled. You have to try this place.
3	we went for early dinner on Monday around 5.  Service was good and the food was good.   prices are a little higher than red robin type places for burgers. we had wings, Burger, Diego Mac and cheese and it was all good.Great outdoor area with heaters.Place seemed a little dark and loud...had MANY tv's which was good, but then music blaring above all...Service was very attentive and tab was $36+ tip of $8 for 2 entree's, appetizer, and 2 sodas.we'll be back.Disclaimer: I worked here many years ago when they had live bands..
3	We have been going here since we moved to Gilbert in 2004 and while they aren't as good as they were then, and they have lots more competition than they used to, Teaks still does pretty darn good.  We have even used them for catering a couple times and it was awesome!They have some interesting items like the Alamo Chipotle Burger, Open the Hatch and Candlestick Carver as well as great wings and new food specials daily.  Prices are similar to all the others but more original food than the chains.Don't forget the free peanuts whose shells are simply dumped on the floor.Did I mention GREAT service and a lot of choices for your favorite beverage. Ans lots of TVs for your sports viewing pleasure.  You get a big mix in the crowd from old time Gilbert cowboys, families, couples and sports teams.
5	Love this place!  We always try other bars & end up wishing we'd gone to teaks.  Yes, it's loud & the tv setup is just ok.  But, you cannot beat their food.  The special salmon salad, usually on Fridays is delicious.  Great sammies & wings too.  The special menu always has interesting stuff.  Good for drinking, but never too rowdy.
4	One of my favorite pub-style places.  The food is always really good, and they have some really specials sometimes.  There's a wide variety of wing flavors available, all of them really great.  The lavosh pizza is excellent.  Decent beer selection, good service, and unlimited peanuts in the shell.
5	My favorite "sports bar"! They have different specials and menus every night and my favorite is on Fridays...grilled fish tacos! The service is usually good, however depending on the server and how busy they are it can be a bit slow. We go there quite often and the wait staff that serve us freqently remember our usual drink orders...even the kids! The wings are great...try them "grilled"! I can honestly say that I have never ordered something I haven't liked. Burger wise try the Alamo Chipotle burger! Other favorites are the Gyro salad, Jack not Jill Chicken sandwich, and the Lavosh. I always get either the jalapano slaw or sweet potato fries as my side. I've only had breakfast there one time out of all the years of going here, but it was very good too. Yeah, it gets loud, but that's only because it gets crowded!
5	This is a great restaurant to have it your way, not the menu way. Want Green chili's just ask for them. Great staff, great food. Great specials. Soup on Wednesdays is the best.
4	Love this location!  They have a great menu and the food is always tasty.  The Jess-Jess and El Hefe wings are amazing.  Try their happy hour.  The place is great for kids and also has a solid breakfast menu.  Don't wait in line at IHOP.  Get to your nearest Teakwoods!
5	Ahh lavosh.... they some AWESOME flavors!!! Great little sports bar that's still family friendly.  Clean, good service and free peanuts! Nice large patio outside in the front with TVs and plenty of TVs on the inside. The daily menus are great. I haven't had anything bad from those yet. We had a white Mediterranean lavosh that was a special which I wish was always on the menu.  They have groupons for 50% off pretty often which is a big plus but even without the prices are reasonable.
5	Great food and lots of fun
2	This place is a big dive bar with not much to brag about. Gyro was made with a frozen patty heated on a grill. The mashed potatoes had no flavor at all and the veggies were cold. Service was ok but the girl that greeted us seemed inconvenienced. Wont be back.
3	Decent sports grill.  There is always a crowd so you know the place must be popular with the locals.  The place does tend to get a bit loud as it starts to fill up.  Be prepared to talk over everyone else.I have been here a handful of times.  The food is good... with the exception of my most recent time (1/4/2013) I went.  You can't go wrong with the wings.  As a wing connoisseur, these are pretty good.  Also, based on reading others reviews here on Yelp, you definitely can't go wrong with the Pretzel Sticks as an appetizer.  You get 7 sticks with a side of cheese sauce.  It could be a meal in and of itself.  I also did have the bacon double cheeseburger lavosh  my past visit on 1/4/2013.  Although it did not taste that bad going down, there was something with it that did not agree with my innards.  Let's just say that the leftovers I did have immediately went into the trash.  I'm hoping that this was just one dish and not a trend of things to come.No bashing on Teakwoods though.  I will go back on occasion and try other things on the menu.  I am hoping the one bad dish does not outweigh the other good ones that I have had.  And as a tip, if you go for the fish & chips, make sure you get there early.  The last time I went and tried to order it at 7pm on a Friday night, there were none left.
4	When you see the word "Tavern" in the name of a place, your first thought probably isn't "Hey, I bet this place is kid-friendly!" But in this instance, you'd be wrong, my friend. It's loud, crowded, and the floor is covered in peanut shells (mommy translation = your kid can throw a fit complete with screaming and throwing food on the floor, and nobody would even notice!)  They don't show a kids' menu online, but they do have one that has your normal selection of kid fare, as well as a handful of crayons and pictures to color. The adult menu has a nice selection of pub fare: appetizers, soup, salad, burgers, sandwiches, etc.  Interestingly, they also have a breakfast menu. I'm a big fan of hot wings and let me tell you, the suicide wings are no joke. The menu warns to "order at your own risk" and you'd be wise to heed the advice. And of course, being a tavern, they have a full bar. Great drink prices!
2	Slow service and cold food even ran out of sweat potato fries and never got replacement order. Manager went out of her way to apologize but by then we were very very disappointed. Service was very slow even though it didn't seem to busy.
2	I've been there twice now and I am not impressed.  The food is WAY overpriced for the quality you get.  The service is so-so....no one seems to really care or are very friendly at all.  For my husband, myself and our young son it was $40!  The waitress suggested the boneless wings to my husband because they were cheaper than the bone in and boy was that a mistake!  All he could taste was the breading and barely any chicken - they were dry and gross.I had the green chili burger and left half...it was a nasty mess...no real taste or flavor but fell apart when I tried to eat it.the only good thing I can say was good were the homemade chips...I liked those a lot but its not enough to ever get me to go back here.
5	I heard the other food is good hear but I'm just here for the wings. Ok, you've got me I've eaten a couple other things off the menu. It's all good!
5	Great place for the family but they do have a good bar area. Mac and cheese is amazing and so is the BBQ lavosh. Casual atmosphere and they let you throw your peanut shells on the floor. :)
1	I just left Teakwoods in Gilbert wishing I went somewhere else. I happened to stop by there to eat for the first time. The service was VERY slow . They left us unattended for quite a while.  Our drinks finally arrived after waiting a long time. When the food finally came out, the sides were ice cold. The management there was less than interested in fixing any problems we had. The server told me 3x the manager would come speak to us anr never showed up. The food was horrible, the service was the pits and management was far from effective.  Save you time money and appetite and find a different place to eat.
3	Stopped in to have a drink on my way home from work, bar tender was friendly...Can't really attest to anything else. Didn't order food but will try next time
2	I love the service here, but the last few months the quality of the food has gone south. When I read these reviews, most of the bad reviews occured in the last 90 days. No certain what has happened, but it has gone from very good to mediocre. Wings are typically good, maybe I should stick with those. Bar help is always great, but I think we will minimize our visits from here on out. Not certain what has happened here with quality, but the reviews indicate that  am not alone in my thoughts.
5	Stopped in for dinner on a Friday evening. There was about a 15 minute wait for a table. They had an area out front to wait so it wasn't bad. The place was really busy which is a good sign I think. The service was wonderful. I had the mac n cheese and it was seriously the best I've ever had. I used to go to the House of Brews for mac n cheese but they are closed now and I'm so glad I decided to have it at Teakwoods because it is THE BEST! I will definitely be back soon.
3	Descent boneless wings, cold beer, good variety on the menu.  Our waitress was attentive.
2	What happened to this place? I have been going there for years and always seemed decent, food was good and drinks where good. Well I have not been back in a few months due to  busy schedule and have to say I am not happy with this bar anymore. Come on guys at least shut down one day and clean the place, It's filthy, look at the window seals and all you see is dirty and dust build-up. You took the old seat covers and hung them on the wall, Take that down, looks cheap. Service was slow, and food is WAY below previous visits. HMM, All this started within the last few months. I bet a good manager could figure this out, You have crappy employees not doing there jobs. My wife's salad was wilted and seemed old, She got sick after eating it and we had to go home, nice Friday night (not). My chicken was dry and seemed to be cooked beyond done. Advise, You use to have decent cooks there, Now I bet none of them know English very well and are just there for a check. Your front staff seems they cant wait to get out of there. Oh and when you clean the beer taps, Flush the chemical out before you tap a keg, It makes the beer taste like crap. I really think the owner should do a undercover boss routine here and fix this place back the way it use to be... I wont be coming back.
4	Two words.... Adult Milkshake.They use real ice cream in their milkshakes. My favorite is Oreo cookie with chocolate vodka. I only trust them to make them. And I know how much of a pain in the butt that they are to make. In the time it takes to make one shake they could serve 20 regular tap beverages. I thank you teakwoods.  Whenever I need a treat (and it's only a few times a year) this is it. The lavosh is also amazing here. I always pick their daily special. Last one I had was a Tuscan veggie lavosh with white sauce. So yummy, and perfectly portioned when shared.  Oh and the boyfriend and I shared nachos a while back with chili on top. Chili nachos... drool!  I wish I could have treats like this more often, but it is probably a good thing we are only here one every few months. It's not the closest place to us but we always seem to end up here all gross (after moving, yard work, painting, house work etc.) I like that it's casual and really laid back. Free peanuts are the best!
4	Great wings. Unique flavor. They are fried, sauced and then grilled. The Jess Jess are topped with blue cheese crumbles and probably my favorite. Burgers are nice & juicy. Happy hour & reverse HH offers pretty good deals on drinks but very limited food items. If they offered their wings (instead of boneless) for a deal during HH, I'd come here more often.
3	I've been here a few times, food's always pretty good at a decent price.  Service, too, is pretty good.  HOWEVER, if you have a passport card (thru Apple, Channel 8, etc...) they don't honor them anymore.  So beware you will be paying full freight.  Kinda disappointing.
5	This place is great.  The fish and chips and fish tacos are phenomenal.  I also love their BBQ wings grilled.  Beer is good, service is great, and all the peanuts you can eat.  The patio is great to sit at when the weather cools down and this is a great spot if your a football fan.  I highly recommend this place/
4	Great place! It's the beer I come for. They have an excellent peach beer that is perfect. Not too sweet or to starch. Perfect blend. Along with there pretzel and cheese appetizers I recommend!
1	Gary M on 6/1/2013 said it all.  Been going to this place for years.  The place gets dirtier and dirtier.  Less attention to detail.  The acoustics are awful.  It's very loud and you have to yell to be heard.  The food isn't prepared properly and all they do is raise their prices.  You like wings?  well..if you want something other than your typical mild, medium, hot, they charge you an extra dollar.  You want just paddles or drums?..yup, an extra $1.50.  You want a side of hot sauce?..yup..that's another $1.00.  When you leave, you've paid $1.50 for each WING...Go to Native New Yorker!!!  Get 'em YOUR way and they don't break the bank.Oh, Robert Irvine needs to intervene here.  (Restaurant Impossible)
3	Food was good, however a little pricey for a grill.  The Service could use some help.  We joined a large party for a celebration (about 15 of us) and it only took the Server about 25 minutes to get our beverages, had to ask her if she was going to bring them  - couldn't understand the delay. The woman sitting across from us asked us to  please grab on to the Server because she had asked for a glass of water several times and the Waitress didn't bring it.  It is LOUD here, hard to visit with anyone sitting at our table.   If you have a peanut allergy, stay away, peanut shells are discarded on table & floors.   Management either needs to schedule more staff at this crowded, loud sports bar or get new help - although there was not a wait,( think we had the tail end of the happy hour crowd).  We didn't see the attraction and won't be back.
5	Tuesday nights, my sweetie and I have a standing date at Teaks. We sit at the bar because Julie's there. She knows what we like and has it sitting in front of us before our bottoms get settled on the bar stools. Teaks is a comfortable place that reminds me of the Cheers bar from TV fame. My husband and I feel like family there and usually end up there at least twice a week. The food is consistently good, especially the Southern Thang burger and the Ultimate BLT sandwich.
1	Today was the first time (and the last, for the foreseeable future) that I've eaten here. when i called in my order, the receptionist was rude; she acted as though she was doing me a favor by taking my order. once i finally got my food, the fries were cold and limp and just really gross. my turkey sandwich was on the gross side as well, with soggy bread and warm lettuce... not good. the only saving grace was the chicken enchilada soup... that was downright heavenly. everything else, however, was dang near inedible.
4	I gave them a 4 star for their great wings. Our waitress was excellent and was sympathetic about a soggy BLT. We're definitely coming back. I want more pretzel bread to soak up the wing sauce.
5	This place is great. I like the laid back atmosphere and the fact that the offer groupons and deals frequently. The food has always been good, the drinks are gigantic (which is great because I like a lot to drink with my meals), and the service is always pleasant and consistent. My only complaint is that sometimes it's way too loud and I can barely have a conversation with my boyfriend across the table. The place is family friendly so there's always a lot of kids screaming/crying/dropping things and the TVs when football is on are sometimes loud.
3	My girlfriends and I made this place our stop to eat and enjoy some drinks for our reunion celebrating 14 years for friendship, abd a friends Birthday. There were about 10 of us. Two of those 10 were not drinking as to have a DD. The server was obviously busy as there were many other customers; we didn't mind that however her attitude was something to be desired. She did not even smile once, or introduce herself. The food came out in a timely manner. Flavor wise it was rather boring, nothing to rave about. We had wings, regular and curly fries, and corn dogs. The drinks started out great for our first round. However the second round many of us noticed the gummy bear shots were only half full as opposed to the first order. They were tasty; we did not bring it up. It began to slow down, and many of the other patrons had left. This was when we saw less and les of our server. We ordered one more round before leaving. The server gave us attitude about who was driving. She obviously did not pay attention when serving out table or taking orders as the pregnant woman was even looked down upon by this nasty server. Once we received or beverages We then sang happy birthday to our friend, this was frowned upon, the server disciplined us for being loud. This in turn caused the table to discuss perhaps leaving a lower tip. We debated this together at the table. In the end we decided we would be fair and leave a large tip as our bill was substantial. When we were leaving this server confronted my friend about our table tipping her (mind you she had not checked her tip yet, but had been eavesdropping) the friend she harassed about this happened to be a server herself, and informed the woman she was lucky to get what she was receiving and if she continued to be rude we would go back and remove the tip completely. This one server ruined my experience here. It's sad when clearly management does not their servers or who's working for them.
2	This place is like any other in the Gilbert area. Not a good bar, not a good restaurant, but a mediocre place trying to be both. It has very few dinner specials and a poor beer selection. I considered leaving after I looked at the menu. But I was starving and they had peanuts. The food was OK, the service was nice and pretty quick but the place was empty. I won't be returning here.
3	I honestly was not impressed with their award winning wings. They were too small, barely covered in sauce, and even the sauce was nothing impressive. The bad tasting ice over powered the flavor of my sons Shirley temple. But service was great, environment was fun, lots of different shows on the tv's. I could see coming here for drinks with the crew would be fun here :)
5	Went to Teakwoods for the first time tonight and will definitely be back. We started with the wings in El Hefe and Jess Jess, and they were honestly the best wings I've ever had. The flavor was incredible, the meat was quality, and they were just perfect overall. For our main course, my dining companion got the Carver- basically a French dip with green chiles and horseradish mayo. It was perfect and I had serious food envy. I had the veg head lavosh, which was really good and had a ton of artichoke hearts (always a positive). The service was great. Everyone from the manager to the food runner was friendly, and our server was particularly good. I loved the vibe of this place, and the food is top-notch. Will definitely be back and plan to eat my body weight in wings.
5	This is a great place to order how YOU want not what they have, change your sandwich to have Green Chili, no problem. Love this restaurant.
3	Food is mediocre. Menu is intriguing because it's definitely a twist on your average bar food, but the three times I've tried it, dishes were bland and boring. Not bad, just boring.
5	The wings here are awesome.  This is a fun place to take kids, too.  Very casual and loud.
4	Good food as always. Ordered a hop knot  tasted like short hop. Asked waitress to double check. Bartender was positive it was hop knot. Whatever.
2	It's safe to say that if it wasn't for Chris (bartender), we would've stopped coming back a while ago. It's great bar food, but there is a crowd of regulars that makes sitting at the bar just an uncomfortable experience. From acting as if it's their own personal space to throwing things at each other, it creates an environment that is unwelcoming to others. The last straw was getting hit with flying peanuts...from the group of "adult" regulars. Come by, but sit away from the bar after 2:00.
4	Always a great experience, great food.
3	Typical american food. Burgers, sandwiches, and wings. Love the all you can eat peanut and how we can throw the shell on the floor. Place feels super cramped though and it seems its hard for them to accommodate large groups.
4	Always good food at moderate prices.  Been to a couple of the locations and have not been disappointed.  Will keep going back.
4	This Teakwoods is close to my work, so we come here every so often as a group from work.  I usually get a burger or a chicken sandwich.  Very good food.  I love the sweet potato fries.  The jalapeno dipping sauce for them is great.  Their onion rings are also excellent as well.  I also really like their BBQ sauce, so my chicken sandwich is usually the BBQ one.I like the bucket of peanuts at the table to snack on.  Good bar food, nice atmosphere.  It does get loud for lunch, and the service is slow because it is usually so busy, so don't expect to get in and out of there quickly.
4	we recently moved into the neighborhood and Teakwoods has quickly become one of our favorites for lunch and drinks.   We do have to take away one star based on there breakfast  not as good as there wings and salads.
5	Our go-to spot for wings, for sure!  My family can take some heat, so we usually get an order of HOT and an order of THAI CINA, which has honey hot sauce with fresh basil and red pepper flakes...ask for them "sloppy" to get extra saucy goodness!  Every single thing I've ordered over the years has been top-notch in quality and flavor.  Some standouts are:  Ultimate BLT (with a fries green tomato for the T!), Jack Not Jill, Buffalo Chicken Sandwich, Topless Roast Beef Dinner, Tekas Touch 'Em All. Oh, and their fried zucchini is outstanding!
5	Breakfast on the weekends. Lunch, Dinner, football games. Big portions, friendly staff, a lot of tv's. Come on what else do you need? Oh, peanuts. Yep on the table. Lol
5	Reminds me of a place back home in Ohio called Brass Pelican. Peanut shells on the floor and great food.I always get the honey BBQ hot wings traditional styles and grilled. I always can catch a game on one of the dozen televisions. And the waitress is always nice and great on the eyes.If you're looking for great food with out the restaurant uptight styling, this is your place. Nice and relaxed. And always great people and food!
1	Had a living social deal, it was about to expire, and I wanted to use it. Unfortunately, it didn't apply for take out. The girl who answered rudely informed me. I checked the coupon and nowhere did it say "dine in only" or "not for take out". I called back and spoke with Ryan, the manager, who was nice enough to let us use the coupon anyway. The fun doesn't end there! I drove down there with my wife and daughter, and my wife ran in to grab the food. As she grabbed the food, not 10 feet from her, talking to another server, the rude girl from earlier said (try and imagine this in your best snotty little 20 something bratty voice) "ugh, I TOLD that guy it didn't apply to take out, I don't know WHY he talked to management about it." And rolled her eyes. All of this in front of my polite, sweet wife who did nothing wrong. I have been here multiple times with my parents, who are regulars at this bar. The food is great, but after this, I will NEVER return here. And you probably shouldn't go here either if you want to use a groupon or a living social or anything like that. Because they treat you like YOU'RE an asshole. Short version? Don't use a coupon because if you do, they'll treat you like crap.
2	Meh. I've loved the other Teakwood (on Ray Rd.) for a long time and can't say enough good things about it. This one is no where near as good. The food is still very good but the service is awful. I've gone twice and both times were not busy but service was extremely slow. I waited a very long time for basic things like more water, the check, etc. I recommend the Teakwood on Ray Rd. but not this one.
2	This was my first time here. I was looking for a french dip sandwich and this was one of the few places in Gilbert that had one on the menu. When i entered i was not greeted, i made my way back to the patio area and still was not greeted. I had to find a waiter to ask if it was open seating. I sat in the patio area which was filthy, the patio really needs to be power washed because its gross. I ordered the french dip and fries. When it arrived it was plated ok and was of decent size. However the flavor was bland and so was the au jus. The steak fries had an odd after taste like the frier oil needed to be changed. I was never asked once how my meal was which is sad. The waitress was tentative however in refreshing my beverage. you figure for a 14 dollar tab for a sandwich and a drink you would get better quality. If your looking for a good sandwich go else where. Too expensive for what you get. I really dont mind paying 15 for a sandwich if its really good. Basically it was a very expensive Arbys. Wont be back.
5	One of my favorite places as they never disappoint! The Blanco lavosh was a special today that really must be added to the menu. Fantastic and not soggy!!!! The veg lavosh is my favorite - or should I say was my favorite until I had this one!Brought family with us who are visiting from both NJ and CA....they really enjoyed the food and the atmosphere. Candlestick Carver and the gyro were fast favorites. Seasonal beers hit the spot!
4	My hubby and I took the kids there and sat outside during happy hour. The service was great, they had decent HH specials on both drinks and food. The kids had fun with the peanuts. We were the only ones outside and our server did a great job of remembering we were out there. I think it would have been pretty pricey to have a full dinner there, but the HH specials made it affordable with 3 kids.
2	Our entire family is sad that this place has come to the end of it's era. We went tonight and had a completely different experience than we've had the past 15 years. Apparently, it has been bought out by someone else. They no longer have curly fries (OMG), the chicken tenders are scrawny, the salads were lackluster, and they don't even have the oreos for the kids anymore. The soda had no carbonation and when I asked about it, they said they checked and it was normal. Completely flat soda. We had years of memories there but that is the end.   :(
4	Teakwoods is one of our favorite casual places to go. The Friday fried fish special is very good.  The fish tacos are great too. Awesome wings.  Free peanuts.
