4	Are you listening, LES INFIDELES satisfies with class and fervour!Evan b. is right on with his BYOB details, a total win win. We also dined on the escargot, freakin' holy moly taste! I had the goat cheese brie crostini, never have I tasted such wonderful cheese than this summer in Montreal! MERCI! And the greens were dressed with, possibly, a champagne vinagrette?  A truly refreshing dish. A pork tenderloin in a balsamic reduction was heavenly and the cravettes were cooked to perfection. We too walked through Parc Lafontaine and Rue Rachel is lovely. A great location for a pre- and post dinner stroll. The entire evening was a delightful date night. Make a reservation and see for yourself.
4	This is one of the best BYOW in the area. The food is always good and the service is friendly. If you're familiar with O'Thym, this should give you a clue as to what you can expect.
1	I was invited to a party dinner at les infidels a few months ago.We were 8 and the reservation was at 6pm. Everyone was there before 6pm.We order around 6h10-6h15pm.At the time, there was only 1 table of 4 that was in the restaurant.The waiter was very friendly and open our bottle of wine.6h40-7pm he came with bread that wasn't heated it was cold and we were 8 he only gave us 2 basket.7h30 i was hungry and thirsty so i asked him for more bread and water.15 min later he came with cold bread and water from a metal jar which obviously tasted like metal...I then decided to order a coke.To my surprise he told me that he didn't sell that.In fact he doesn't sell any drinks because he doesn't have a fridge!!!I was outraged! How can a restaurant that sell dish for 20$ can't afford a simple fridge to put some cold drinks?You really think people will come and drink water and wine only??Anyhow at that point i was pissed not only because there was nothing to drink. We had already waited 1h30 to get our food even though we were the second table to be in the restaurant.I then realize that the 2 dirty chef has been serving all the clients in the restaurant before doing our table.In our table everyone has order 1 or 2 appetizer each , meal ,dessert so i can understand but 1h30 and everyone in the dinner room had a plate except us??We had to wait 2 hours before getting our food.The food is good and very oily ...I didn't really concentrate on the food since my butt was killing me for sitting 2 hours on that chair i just wanted to get out.Anyhow i paid billed for everyone on that table and it came out to around 600$ tips and taxes included which they didn't deserve.Again, the food is good but it really not worth the waiting time.Will i ever repeat this experience?Probably not unless they get some cold drink and a fridge and hired some chef that can work faster.Cheers,Eric Van Nguyen
2	Nice little BYOB (Beer & Wine) restaurant in the bistro style. The chef obviously has a sweet tooth, everything was sweet, including the salad. Yes, even the salad was sweet.
