5	Best coffee ship in and around Vegas, that's for sure. Had all my coffee needs and the cupcakes they had were awesome :D Friendly staff, will definitely be back.
4	This is my favorite place to go to get caffeined up before going to Church in Henderson. Ridiculously low price unlike the other chain coffee shops we see everywhere. They can make anything you want. Goodatmosphere, free wifi and good food as well. Wish I had a coffee shop like this in SW Vegas then I'd definitely be a regular.
3	While waiting for the Winterfest parade to start I was in need of a caffeinated boost of energy so I stopped into Mocha Joe. There was a long line due to all of the people on Water Street for the parade... Staff seemed to do the best that they could but it still took a while to get drinks, probably could have used another employee for such a busy day. I got the white mocha and had a shot of raspberry added. Pricing was what I expected, about $4 for a large cup. My drink was excellent, nice and sweet just like I like it. My only issue with Mocha Joe is the hours of operation. They open at 7 am, which is when I start work so no pre-work pick-me-up from here for me. Also closed on Sunday.
5	Sarah gives exceptional service and incredibly delicious handcrafted coffee beverages every time.  Walk in to Mocha Joe, and the first thing you will hear is "Watch your step!" followed by a warm welcome.  She is the kind of barista that cares about her guests and really knows her coffee.FANS OF CARROT CAKE:  INDULGE YOURSELF WITH HER TASTY CREAM CHEESE FROSTED CARROT CAKES!  It tastes as wonderful as it looks. Don't feel guilty consuming this piece of art, every bite is worth it.
3	Located in old Henderson, Mocha Joe is one of the few business along Water Street that isn't a casino, law office or wing of local government.  And I will admit it, I am a cheerleader for this place--I want this place to succeed.  Right now, it's a decent coffee shop when it's open and a good place to sit with a book.  Problem is the coffee is unremarkable.  It's well . . . meh.  It's pretty watery and . . . well, it's not great.  I'd be more likely to walk in the door to take a cushioned seat and drink a soda than I would to buy a cup of coffee.  The pastries are hit or miss.  The deserts I've purchased are tasty, but the bagel was lacking.Mocha Joe also has some odd hours.  It is also only open until 5:30 p.m. on weekdays and closes by 2 p.m. on Sat and noon on Sun.  All that said, the place has some nice seats and the space is cozy.  Hence, the cheerleading.  This place has a lot of potential and I'm hoping it hangs in there.  3.5 stars because it's a good place to sit (when it's open) and read or work.
5	Great little mom and pop coffee shop in old Henderson. Not a destination spot, but check it out if you're in the area and need a caffeine fix. Really friendly service and cozy atmosphere. She makes a great large mocha for $4, medium for $3
5	DIsclaimer: I'm from Seattle. I'm biased towards the green siren. Mocha Joes is a great little coffee shop. Comfortable seating, check. Good coffee, check. Plenty of places to sit and study, check. Good music, check. But here's where Mocha Joe's stands head-and-shoulders above the rest: their food is unbelievable. They have a homemade soup sitting in a crock-pot ready for ordering almost every day. Their sandwiches are delicious and not too expensive. Their desserts and muffins are fresh. Mocha Joe's gets all their breads from a local bakery. They get all their meats from high-quality sources. They make their soups made in-house. I think it would do them a service to change their name to a cafe, because that's where they shine. They also provide catering services to local businesses with sandwiches, salads, and soups.Check it out, definitely. It comes highly recommended from me.
5	Delicious coffee & Iced tea...Great, comfy coffee shop with charm! Free wifi, a couch or a plush chair to cruise the net. Love it!! Owner was present and friendly. Tip: WATCH YOUR STEP as soon as you walk in the door!! Please Note** Current owner does not honor the Yelp deal for the 50% off certificate.
4	This is a great little place in downtown Henderson... not the "new" Henderson, but the Henderson where people know your name.  The owners here know the regulars and are committed to local sourcing of their business.The coffee is roasted in nearby Boulder City to ensure freshness and that means you are getting a real good cup of joe.I had some nice fresh coffee from El Salvador that Marcia says is pretty popular here.  With a fruity taste, I bet it is great on ice.Stop on by the next time you are in Henderson, the atmosphere is good, friendly and the Wi-Fi is free...
5	Stopped by this place on my way to work because I really like to support mom and pop shops- I was served by one of the owners. She took her time "crafting" my cinnamon mocha and chatted with me in a friendly manner.  Coffee was great and decently priced- I totally recommend this place to anyone who enjoys coffee.
5	Mocha Joe has a new owner. The coffee is great and the hours are 6:30 to 7pm and Fri & Sat 6:30 am to after 9pm. Consistant hours and Lavazza Coffee.
3	Mocha Joe's is a change of pace from you regular Starbucks.  To be honest, I was in the area looking for a Starbucks and found this place.  I wasn't disappointed and all I got was a regular cup of joe.  Nothing special with my cup of coffee, but at the same time didn't have to spend a grip to get it.  Looks like a ton of regulars here.  Service was pretty good as well.
2	The coffee and latte we got were pretty wretched. The owner/barista seemed a little off, but nice enough. Not my favorite place, but maybe if the coffee was better I wouldn't care.
5	***Mocha Joe's is now called The Coffee House. Please see my updated review for it as well!*** I love this place!! The coffee, food, people and atmosphere are awesome! Their open mic nights on Fridays and Saturdays are fun as well!Mocha Joe's is a breath of fresh air when it comes to coffee. It's simple, nothing complicated like other chain establishments that shall remain nameless. :) They have an excellent selection of coffees, teas, and even yummy smoothies. My favorite is the ice coffee with a shot of sugar free vanilla. That's another thing, they have lots of sugar free syrups to choose from and that is always a good thing.They do have a short, but yummy food menu.  I've really liked everything that I have tried so far-- the fresh made hummus plate, a good old toasted bagel and cream cheese, and even their sandwiches!  One of the best parts is that none of their items will break your bank! If your looking for some place to go that is not the bar scene and is laid back, I suggest Mocha Joe's open mic and music nights on Friday's and Saturday's! Good music and fun people! If your looking for a REAL coffee shop Mocha Joe's is the place!
3	I was looking for somewhere other than Starbucks to relax over a cup of coffee. I enjoyed a cup of their Mexican Mocha, which was reasonably priced. While it was 5pm, a half hour before closing, I was one of three there. There was a steady flow of customers that were coming in and out. The place is relaxing enough, with soft music plating in the background. I ordered the hummus plate, but was told they were out and would not have more until Friday. No alternative was suggested, I probably would have ordered something if they had. The guy that was working seemed to be just going through the motions, customer service he did not have. With that being said, I will give this place another try. I rated this three star for lack of customer service.
4	A friend and I stopped by here last week after a short trip to the Henderson Convention Center. We were out of our comfort zone and we were stuck in the area with a couple hours to burn. We found this coffee shop down the street and immediately felt at ease with ourselves.When we first walked in, we were stunned by how comfortable it was. There wasn't anyone glancing up from their Apple Laptops and rolling their eyes at you. That was nice. The menu had something that caught my eye also. They had a small list of exotic-style drinks available! I wanted to get a Vietnamese coffee, but unfortunately he was out of one of the ingredients. It was understandable though, it was Saturday late afternoon. I ended up getting a Thai iced coffee instead which wasn't bad at all. Plus it didn't cost an arm and a leg.My friend and I went off to play some chess (they had a chess board, checkers and that game with the long triangles and checker like pieces... yeah I don't know what it's called sorry) and we were there until around 5:30 pm. The regulars came in and chatted, there was musical entertainment and everything was comfy and nice. The service was great and the drinks were good. I wish I could stop by more often but it's so far from where I live! If you're in the area then I highly recommend you stop by for a bit. You'll never know who you'll meet while talking to the regulars. I do know now that there is a chess club that meets there on Monday afternoons.
