4	This high-end steakhouse may burn your wallet, but not your tummy. Once in a while in Vegas, I enjoy taking a break from the "buffet-galores" and eating a super succulent filet mignon at S&Ws. Excellent steak and some red wine is all you need. Don't bother with the unnecessary side dishes and starters. Then after dinner, hit the casinos and win back what you spent.
1	For the money...go somewhere else.I ordered their best prime cut -- medium rare (my de facto temp) -- and got a piece of medium well. Sent it back and end up have to debate with their manager what medium rare should be.Reluctantly they agreed to prepare another one for me and 5 mins later, give me a fresh (and I mean fresh) piece of certifiable rare.I ended up having them cook it for me a bit more and at that point, all the excitement I have in enjoying the piece of steak is gone.There are plenty of good places in Sin City. But not too many of them will top this place in terms of sinfulness.
4	I've had the opportunity to visit S& W (and Vegas too) a couple of times in the last 6 months and I have to say that the steaks (bone-in and well prepared) and sides here (my particular favorite is the Macaroni and Cheese) are amazingly good.  The service is top notch and the drinks are pretty good too.On my last visit, Iwe had the seafood boutique appetizer, which is a combination of raw oysters, clams, lump crab, crab claws, lobster tail and prawns.  It was really fresh and very tasty.The meal consisted of the bone-in (yummy!) cajun ribeye and of course, my favorite macaroni and cheese.If you're in Vegas and have some money to spend on a great dinner with very nice ambiance, definitely check out S&W!
2	i was very disappointed..been to many of their locations like the ever soo good NYC location.  gotta say save your money and go elsewhere cuz this location bites
4	I'll have to preface this review by saying this was our dinner stop during my bachelor party so my memory might be a little fuzzy.I believe we had reservations and made it there close to on time.  Our table wasn't ready yet so the group of trouble making men hung out in the bar tossing back a few cocktails.  Yes that was my best man with 4 cans of diet red bull in his pockets so he could "save money" and get more vodka.  I'm not sure how that all worked out for him but at least he felt pleased with it.  Dinner was good.  Most of the guys had steak.  I think there might have been a sissy fish or chicken mixed in.  Another buddy, Adrian, showed up late after disappearing (no, not for a good reason) because he had just spent 24 straight hours on a poker roller coaster.  He managed to replenish his system for the nights events ahead.  Amazing.  I think the cost was about what you'd expect from a Morton's or any other nice steakhouse.  We had a good time, the service was great and they accommodated our drunken revelry.  I'd go back.
4	I have been to this place twice. First time I had a wonderful experience. I was a little taken back by the prices. Did not realize it would be so expensive but I like to splurge so no biggie. We had a reservation but still had to wait at the bar for about 30 min before we were finally seated. I had the Wollensky salad which was wonderful and the filet mignon Oscar style steak which was cooked perfectly and tasted wonderful. The mac and cheese in my opinion stole the show. It should be called Crack and cheese. We enjoyed our meal so much we recently went back this past weekend.We had a party of seven and were seated in the private room that has windowed walls to view the kitchen ..that was a real treat and we had this awesome waiter. He was really getting the party started. The food this time around took nearly an hour to get though and I was half asleep by the time it came. My biggest gripes would be...*no sides come with the dinner all has to be ordered separate but they serve for two*Wine by the glass should have a better selection* seating takes awhile*cocktails over priced for the quality* food takes awhile to show up Best features* Food is EXCELLENT!* Fun Atmosphere* Great for a romantic dinner or a group dinnerI would give 4 1/2 rating if it were possible. I am going to make it a point to have dinner here every time I visit Vegas.
3	Went here with a big group, we tried a bunch of different menu items.   Overall, food was very good, service was excellent.  That being said, I have had food just as good or better and paid alot less.  Location, location, location.
3	I'm a huge steak fan so I'm hardly ever disappointed no matter where I get a cut of beef from.  S&W was okay, nothing but hype in my opinion.  I didn't have to pay which was nice, but I'd take a guess that the food was a bit too pricey for the taste.I got the T-bone which was good, fairly average and nothing too special.  The T-bone was pretty big and that put a smile on my face.  Again the taste was average and nothing really struck me as being extraordinary.  Even the sides and appetizers were mediocre in flavor.  Try it once, and head for greener pastures somewhere else.
3	I think it was more hype than it was worth. I mean, it was good. But not GREAT.  We ordered the pepper-encrusted steak... They don't mess around with that. Steve and I LOVE pepper. We're the kind of people who think that there's never enough black pepper on something. And even *we* were like, "uhm... is there any steak under there?!" It was just ridiculous amounts of pepper. We actually had to scrape some off. We dropped about $180 on salad, steak, wine. I can't remember if we even had dessert. We probably did. I don't remember, though, so it must not have been memorable.Anyway, I think it's overrated Don't believe the hype.
1	My first time experience here was terrible.  I ordered the sea bass for $36 and it was nothing special.  My everyone else had steak that cost $46 and it was over cooked and dry.  We try telling the sever, but his excuse was thats the way it is and to make it better he brought out some oil to dip the dry steak in.   No ne argue but everyone was very one was very dissapointed.  This is why I hardly ever eat at a fine dinning.  You pay way too much money and nothing is ever gaurantee.
4	Traditional, classic American steakhouse chain.It's right on The Strip, so it can be VERY touristy.DO NOT go here if you're on a bachelor party... Especially if you plan on just having a petite filet & the other guys are ordering 40oz bone-in Ribeyes, 2 sides, and 3 martinis each AND they just want to "SPLIT" the bill evenly amongst everyone... to make it "EASIER". You will, my friend, find yourself getting screwed.That being said, this is a nice place to go if you have an expense account.
5	Amazing fillet.  They offer a few different styles of preparation for your fillet.  I ordered the Gorgonzola.  It was fantastic.  The beef would have been great even without the Gorgonzola.  Somebody at the table ordered the Rib-eye.  He was in heaven as well.  One person ordered a lesser steak (sirloin).  He was not satisfied, but knowing this person, I attribute this to bad taste buds and not the restaurant's fault. Steaks were about $35-$45 each.Most of the side dishes were very good.  The creamed spinach was excellent.  The asparagus was also very good (and enough to feed a small country).  I was very disappointed with the mashed potatoes.  I expected them to be better.  Somebody at my table ordered french fries.  They were pretty good.  WARNING: each side dish feeds at least 2 people, so don't order too many (like we did).  Side dishes were about $12 each.We also ordered creme brulee for dessert.  Not a big fan of creme brulee.  It was ok.Total bill for 6 people = over $350; my share (2 people) = $165 (tip included).  So make sure you don't spend all of your money at the casinos beforehand.Not sure if reservations are required, but we had one just to be safe.S&W will definitely be a stop everytime I am in Las Vegas.
3	I agreed about the hype of this place.  We didn't specifically went out to dine at this restaurant, but for some odd reason or maybe we didn't look around thoroughly enough, it was the only place open for dining after 10:00pm in Las Vegas.  After a long walk through the strips w/heels, I must have gave in and went right to the closest steak joint.... Smith & Wollensky.I had the filet Oscar and it's so-so and nothing to brag about.  My husband had the filet too and was not as impressed.  However, our waiter and other wait staffs were very nice and provided very good service but my review is solely on the food.  So, if you want so-so food but great service then this is your place.
1	Actually, my rating is zero stars but yelp has a one-star minimum.-- Horrible service.  Think server making crude comments and jokes.-- Mediocre food.  Go to Ruth's Chris or Morton's.  Really.-- Roadhouse atmosphere.  Obnoxious guests disturbing everyone around them.  Management taking no effective action.  Guests trying to start a fight.  Management taking no effective action.I could go into the whole story about the worst dining experience I've ever had but the three points above sum things up in a nutshell.
4	I've heard a lot about these steak houses so I was very eager to try this place out and to be honest I have to say it lived up to my expectations.  The decor was very old-school and the servers were friendly and informative.  The portions were a little pricey, but hey its a steak house and well my steak was larger than my head so I'm not complaining.  Its also worth noting that the wine selection is quite good and if you have a chance definitely try the trillian lobster which everyone in my party seemingly enjoyed... note I say seemingly enjoyed because while they ordered this awesome lobster i somehow made the mistake of ordering the afore mentioned larger than my head prime rib (which was quite tasty... and did i mention large??).
1	We've been going here once a year for the last 10 years with a group of friends from high school.  Usaully a pretty darn good meal, but everyone was extremely dissapointed with our visit last weekend.Steaks were dry and seemed like they had been sitting under a heat lamp for some time.  The presentation is horrible, really just a hunk of charred meat on a stark white plate.I had the cajun ribeye.  The rub was dry, the steak was dry and it was overly charred.  Friends had the filet, with similar results.I hear that they are under new owndership, so this may account for the rapid decline of a once great steakhouse.
3	Smith and WHO?  I'm really giving this place a 3.5 but the stupid stars don't scroll to halves!  lol.  Yah, I've never heard of this place until my latest venture to Vegas.  I've been to Vegas countless times and I've never seen this place, ever!  Went there for a late lunch with a large group.  We started off with the shellfish bouquet, which consisted of Lobster, Oysters, Shrimp, Crabmeat, and probably others I can't recall.  I had the Marinated Cajun Ribeye, which was pretty good but disgustingly huge! lol.  I hardly did any damage to it!  Along with the ribeye, we had mashed potatoes, onion rings and the Truffled Mac and Cheese (that's where my .5 star went!).  Oh it was soooooooo good!  I have to say, one of the best Mac and Cheese I've ever tasted!  I'd probably go there just for the Mac N Cheese!S&W is a good spot for dinner....bring your appetite and your wallet because they've got large portions and it's a bit pricey!
5	THE ORDER:Crab CakeBlue Cheese SaladFilet 10oz - Simply grilledTruffle Mac & CheeseAsparagusMashed PotatoYIPPEEEE:Filet PERFECTION         Sooo tender & pink         with meat this good it does not need sauces or rubsTruffle Mac & Cheese         BEST I've EVER hadCrab Cakes         huge pieces of tender sweet crabBOOO:How can my review differ so much from fellow yelpers?         Service average - not bad but not exceptional                                          not bad enough to subtract a star         Food wonderful - The server was just someone who carried my                                         beautiful piece of meat to me         Price expensive - it's steak; you expect it to be expensive
4	We were in town for a wedding and the reception was held here at Smith & Wollensky on the 3rd floor.  I had never been to a two story steakhouse let alone a three story steakhouse.  We huffed it up the stairs and built up our appetites for what was to come.Crab Cake Appetizer:  Decently sized shredded crab meat, deep fried crusty outer with a juicy delicious center.  Nicely done!Salad with Blue Cheese Dressing and Blue Cheese Crumbles.  This also was quite tasty.  Almost too tasty as you want to finish the whole thing, and yet also save room for the later courses.Filet Mignon:  A nice 2+" cut, cooked to a perfect medium rare.  A few of the orders on our table got mixed up, but mine's was done right.  The meat was tasty, but I'm not a big fan of the Bernaise Sauce that accompanied it.Macaroni & Cheese with Truffle Oil:  Delicious, but also quite rich and heavy.  If you're suffering from insomnia, this dish will definitely put you down for the count.Steamed Asparagus with Hollandaise Sauce:  A classic side dish which is almost impossible to mess up.Mashed Potatoes:  Their take on this included finely chopped chives.  It was quite smooth and went well with the meat.Congrats again Jen & Ryan!
3	I had a filet mignon with cajun seasoning here.  The 10oz filet is actually 2 5oz medallions, whereas the 14oz filet is a pure cut.  The steak was great, but nothing special.  Thumbs up for the mac & cheese side.  It was amazing, but you'll probably want to split it.This place is way overpriced, but it's on the Strip so what else would you expect.  Also, it's extremely well lit for a steakhouse.  I'm used to dim-lighted fancy restaurants, but that's Vegas for ya![UPDATE]After further thought, I demoted this to 3 stars.  I would probably never eat here again, mainly because it's overpriced and overhyped.  The food was good, but I'd rather go to the Bellagio and enjoy their excellent buffet.
4	Food - excellent !Service - excellent !I met some buddies who frequent this place every year during their annual Vegas trip - this was my first time.The mac and cheese was off the hookThe steak I had with the cajun seasoning was amazing (sorry I ordered the 10oz instead of the 14oz)If you go, get reservations, and make sure you got some dolla bills in your pocket. You definitely pay for the experience.I would have given this place 5 stars, but I lost my wallet (all bad after that)
3	I give it a 3.5.LooUud NOisES!!! This is Vegas peoples and the restaurant is on the strip, so if you want a quiet romantic dinner spot, then I think room service is the best bet. Note that this steak restaurant is not in California, so if you are a Californian steak lover, Vegas is the closest S&W.I came here with a bachelor party and once inside, we were placed in a table near the restaurant entrance.  The table would have been fitting except for the fact that I was rubbing elbows with the couple next to us (I was on the end part of the table). So for where we were, the table space was itty bitty too tight!If youre a meat eater, then definitely get the Cajun Marinated Bone-In Rib Eye.  The slab is a pretty hearty size and is their signature steak.  I tried my friends regular Bone-In Rib Eye and it was decent but tasted a bit dry. I would say that the steak is comparable to the ruth chris and mortons of the world. That said, the food item that REALLY caught my eye was the mac and cheese w/ truffle oil. You food lovers know what im talking about - truffle oil makes anything brilliant. The mac and cheese was excellent and was the first dish that was licked clean by our group. On top of this, we ordered the asparagus and fries. Both were nothing special as the asparagus was just lightly salted and the fries were delivered hot and soggy. Our server was a big jolly wrestling looking fellow who had a hilarious persona.  The service was legit as we were never without a full glass of water, wine or a drink.  Most impressively, we all (group of 10) received our steaks at the same time, which is a must in my book!All in all, this restaurant is good variety amongst those Vegas buffets!
2	We were staying at the MGM and wondered what would be a good place to hold us over until dinner buffet. Well, considering it was 105 degree heat outside, we didn't want to venture too far from our hotel. We ended up stumbling into Smith and Wollensky. We were going to try a different steak house but it was snugged away in a suspicious looking alley way.Anyhow, upon arriving we were seated. There weren't too many other people in the restaurant and we started to think this wasn't the best choice of restaurant. We got our water from a waiter, and then was left to flag someone down when we were ready to order. No one came by to check up on us (and for the rest of the lunch for that matter). One of the reasons is that all the servers are guys, and a baseball game was on. I understand that sports draws your attention, but if you have hungry people at a table anxiously waiting to order, take a break!We didn't touch any of the seafood items because we would be heading to a seafood buffet that night. We ordered a bone-in ribeye steak, and a sirloin. To accompany the meal, we picked out the truffle macaroni and cheese.20 minutes later, we receive our meal (which was preceded by a bread bowl which was hardly that... think of Wetzel's Pretzels). Thankfully, our food came out pretty decent. The meats were both tender, and cooked almost perfectly. Mine was a bit on the charred side. The true star was the mac and cheese. With the savory flavor of the truffle oil, it was the stand out... that doesn't sit well for a place that claims they are a good steakhouse.All in all, the service is lackluster and while the food tasted good, it really doesn't match up for the pricing this place is asking for. Considering we came all this way for some good steak, it just doesn't seem all that worth it.
3	3.4 stars:The chocolate cake dessert is huge...the 3 of us couldn't finish it.  But we were all full.  Although Im not a huge cake fan...I loved the cake...it was a dark chocolate cake...therefore not too sweet...oh yummmmm (i love bitter things cuz im bitter LOL)The Cajun ribeye was recommended and all 3 of us ordered that.  The Cajun was good, but not like out of this world or anything.  I'd probably order the regular ribeye next time if I went again.For our sides we ordered the mac cheese, french fries and asparagus.  Asparagus was hardly touched, french fries were pretty good but the Mac Cheese was the winner of the night.  This is the best mac cheese I have ever had.  I wanted to order another order.  My friend and I had a bottle of Syrah which was pretty good at ($58)..but i've had better.  My other friend had like 5 cocktails of jack on the rocks.  (that's a lot then he had 3 doubles at a bar after dinner!)The bread that came out was very good to start.For appetizers we ordered:  Crab, Lobster, Shrimp.  This was very good.  (forgot the price).  I'd order this again though.Service was good considering we were being kind of obnoxious.  We had two servers helping us...both named Scott.I know I kind of did this review in reverse order but such is life.  Deal with it.The cool thing about this place is that you don't feel as if you are in Vegas.  Esp. since it's not part of a hotel.Total Bill for the 3 of us:  $418  before tip.
3	came here to celebrate a friend's birthday. friends were raving about this place.... so thought i'd give it a chance. this restaurant is right on the strip...great location. we had reservations at 8 and were seated promptly,  however, the table next to us was drunk and ridiculously loud. so we asked if we could switch tables. the maitre d took us to the bar to get us drinks while they set up another table for us. needless to say the service was great.unfortunately the filet mignon i got (au poivre) was way too peppery...i don't blame the restaurant though... friends told me there was going to be a thick peppery glaze on top. i tried my friend's oscar style filet and that was excellent..our sides were great too....hashed browns (yum), creamed spinach, and sauteed mushroomswe were pretty much silent for 10 minutes after we finished our meal because we were all falling asleep (food coma)....oh and the bill wasnt too bad...came out to be around 300 for 4 peoplewould definitely come back! i want to try their lobster tail next time..
2	First off I would like to say that the service here is not bad. However, I did observe two employees standing off to the side chatting amongst each other incorporating a bit of profanity and not really working. I was recommended to go here with the expectation that "this is the best steak house in Vegas." I am sorry to say that it's not true, the fillet Mignon wasn't bad but it didn't wow me at all. The T bone steak was better than sucks, it was not bad to the point where I would say it sucked but it was definitely not good. I was really shocked to have not experienced A+ grade food in a place that's all about the service industry.
3	I went a few years back with family.I ordered the shrimp that happened to be as big as my head.It was freaking delicious.Everyone else ordered 56756 pound steaks or something and massive amounts of wine.I was 14 or 15.I wasn't impressive by anything, but the fact that the shrimp seemed like mutants that were grilled.My family came out with a bill that could've bought 2 or 3 iTouch players and red faces from the fermented drinks.Joy!
5	Smith & Wollensky is a classic New York style steak house.  It's pricey, but the dry aged beef is excellent.  Remember that the dry aged cuts don't include fillets, though.  What you really go here for are the New York and the Rib Eye.  Also, if they have the king crab legs on the night that you go, those are really good too.  Other highlights are the Wollensky salad and the truffled mac & cheese (Mmmmmmmm.).  The portions tend to be epic.  Basically, if your a vegan or a male who takes longer than five minutes on his hair in the morning you're going to hate this place.  If you're a normal red-blooded person who likes his or her meat the way it should be, then you're going to love it.
1	WOW! this is way overrated! I came here to eat cause I just saw Devils Wear Prada and decided to give it a shot.  What a disappointment!  Service was good, but the steak is just very very average....
5	Great seafood appetizer and the steaks are perfect.  Its a bit too loud for some.  To compare S & W to Morton's and Ruth Chris is not fair, the latter two don't belong in the same conversation.
4	"Orgasmic!"Everyone I know who's tried the truffled mac and cheese has the same one-word reaction.  Let me say, in addition to this adjective, it is damn good.  I was told that it's so rich you can't eat a lot of it, but I could totally see myself curling up on the couch with a big plate and spooning mouthful after delicious mouthful into my eagerily awaiting palate.  Mmm...and this is what I would have done, had I not been quite stuffed by my ridiculously large steak covered in crab, asparagus and cheese, the rolls, bread, veggies, mashed potatoes, and yes, the mac and cheese.  Oh, and the glass of wine too.  Can I be a bummer and say I've had a better steak?  It was good, but let's just say it didn't knock my socks off.  The mac and cheese, however, did.
2	The three of us came here for dinner during a trade show, and we were all disappointed.  My friend's petite fillet mignon was dry and sinewy, whereas my steak was way too fatty.  Granted, it was a rib eye but it was swimming in oil.  The asparagus was decent and the truffled Mac and Cheese was pretty good.  The reason I'm not giving one star is because of the dessert- we had the ice cream/sorbet shot sampler.  Very innovative and tasty, nice presentation too!  All restaurants in Vegas are pricey, including this one.  I would rather take my money and appetite elsewhere.
4	I have been to the Smith and Wollensky in New Orleans that is now closed. We went here after deciding not to make the trip out to THE steakhouse at Circus Circus. Since we were staying at the MGM this was right next door. We were able to walk in on a Friday during CES. Our steaks were great, and cooked perfectly. Other reviews state that this wasn't the case, maybe we had a better evening because the restaurant was not very full when we dined. The mashed potatoes and asparagus were also well executed. If you are in the mood for a steak, and are staying at the MGM and don't want to pay for CRAFTsteak, this is a good alternative.
5	ok ok ok...it IS vegas and i WAS pretty buzzed.  but seriously, folks, seriously....our meal was outstanding. granted, the hustle isn't really bustling in vegas right now (we're all assuming because of our crappy economy), but we called about 2 hours before mealtime needing a reservation for 15 and we were well accomodated in that time.  we took along two bottles of wine (you must call first to see if it's on their list and if it is...you can't take it with you..haha...musicals...anywho!).  we all got steaks...the porterhouse was 18oz so the bf and i shared.  we ordered a side of truffled mac n cheese.  ever had TRUFFLED mac n cheese?  by the time it arrived i'd forgotten about the oil addition (due mostly to the wine) and when i took a bite...let's just say i needed a new pair of chonies.  gross?  whatever.  it was THAT good. the shrimp cocktail was darn outstanding...the ginger sauce alongside the atomic cocktail sauce was so complimentary.  i honestly can't say enough about the food. the server, apparently was snippy with some of the party.  my bf's mom ordered a side of sauteed mushrooms and got onions instead.  upon informing the server that she'd requested mushrooms he seriously looked at her and said "no you didn't.  you said onions."  he walked away and came back with the shrooms...but come on, dude.  don't talk to the matriarch that way.  am i right?  can i get a hell yeah?  whatevs....i'm gonna go ahead and go back cuzzzzzz....i'm craving truffled mnc.  yummmmmmy.
3	Always wanted to try a Smith & Wollenski steak house. Las Vegas being the closest store to Los Angele's made me decide to dine here for my husband's birthday. Overall, fantastic service and everything was delicious. The Rib-eye steak was large in portion, but could only eat half due to the large amount of fat. The truffle mac was an instant hit on the table, seafood chowder, which was a special, was impressively good.  A bit on the pricey side, noting $5 espressos. If compared to other steak houses I have tried, it's not as impressive as Peter Luger in Brooklyn. I have herd that the Las Vegas branch is not as good as the New York nor Chicago branch.
2	Client dinner, in vegas, on expense account - let's do the guys steak night thing.Smith & Wollensky is obviously a well-known name in the world of steaks, so I was happy to be thereI think this place probably suffered from Vegas-itis too (like other Vegas restaurants I've been to lately).  You take a well-known restaurant from somewhere else or a well-known chef, drop it/he/she in Vegas, don't get it 100% right, and end up with some bastardized version of the original.Three bottles of Pinot Noir for the table is always a good way to start, so that's what we did.  Appetizers were good, but nothing special.  Your usual mix of caesar salads, iceberg lettuce wedges with bleu cheese and a tomato bisque type soup.Biggest let down was their signature steak.  I had never been there so I asked the waiter what is the thing they are best known for and he said the "Cajun Spice Rib Eye".  The spice is rubbed in and then left to rest for 24 hours, blah, blah, blah.  I think they also told it that it had a nice personality so it would have high self-esteem.  They don't trim the steak so that the extra fat adds more flavor.  The problem was that every other bite had something that was undigestible because it was either fat or sinew.  I think I would have traded the "flavor" for just being edible.  Last thing about the steak - never tasted the cajun spice (insert Seinfeld voice - "called a cajun steak...but wasn't cooked by a cajun and never tasted the spice...what is the deal with that?).  They must have known it was lacking flavor or something because they put their S&W steak sauce out on the table.  I'll be honest, I've never heard of a big-time steak house offering steak sauce.  I wanted to check if they had A-1 while he was at it.Highlight was actually dessert.  Coconut Layer Cake was awesome.  We also ordered the chocolate mousse, but they mistakenly brought out their "Gigantic Chocolate Cake" - no joke, that's what it's called on the menu.  This five layer monstrosity is the size of Fat Bastard's head and as tall as two phone books.  We passed it around the table and still had half of it left.  It was super moist, but it all stayed together when you cut it.  Phenomenal with a little coffee or espresso at the end.Overall, a pretty mediocre steak night (food-wise) with the fellas, but hey, you're in Vegas, so you let it slide.
5	I visited this place the last time I had gone to Vegas. You can tell that not many people are going to Vegas with the way the economy is. But when I stepped into the restaurant... it was still packed with customers. I will give this place 5 stars for several reasons....#1 they called me the next day to ask how my experience was...I like that. #2 The meal came out to us so quickly, even with all the other large groups sitting around us. #3 The portions were so large that I couldn't even finish the leftovers the next day! #4 The choices are excellent because they offer a few twists on some everyday dishes. Try the truffled mac n' cheese.. to die for! You can also request to have your steak prepared with gorgonzola cheese or Oscar style- with crab meat, asparagus, and bearnaise. Yum! Don't go if you are on a diet.. you'll have plenty to eat when you go! Also don't bring less that $200 if you plan to order steak and drinks....this isn't Outback or Applebees...
2	I would give this place 2.5 stars.  It was better than the other high-end steakhouse chain in town (Ruth's Chris).  The decor was very casual and kind of old-fashioned.  It did feel a little crammed in there (with the walls closing in on you).  But I got the feeling that was intended to create a more cozy, familiar atmosphere.As far as the food goes, I thought my steak (beef filet) was actually decent.  It was cooked properly at medium rare.  The only problem was that it was a little on the salty side.  The a la carte sides were nothing special.  I did have a crab cake to start and that was mediocre.For dessert, they talked up the pecan pie.  I ordered that, and it was nothing special though the large man next to me who took some bites from it seemed like he was in love.This is the only Smith & Wollensky I've been to so I couldn't tell you if it was any better or worse.  However, my experience with most Las Vegas restaurants is that they are (a) below average and (b) overpriced.
5	Man oh man, is this place great! I get off the plane on Friday, starving to death because my body clock is on NY time. I check into my hotel, meet my Navy buddy and we first start drinking. After a few shots/beers, I tell him that we need to eat. Based on Yelp reviews and emailing Tony B, this is place I want to go to first. We had burgers that were just STACKED!  Outstanding. Cooked perfect, great burger roll, I'm a fan baby! NYBULLY APPROVED!
5	The food is so good, especially the steak , cheese cake desert so good, I would like to say, the best of the United States, all the waiter are good,  except of the waiter, his name is " Tony " (slim and bald head guy ) in the year of 2006. he is worst one, he took the sparkling water and wine away even still have 1/3 bottle, he drink it before he went back to kitchen, he is the only rat's shit . even almost 3 years, I still remember.but all the waiter are really nice, little bit expensive, but compare to other steak house,  it is not really a lot of money. good to go back again and again.
5	I ordered a medium rare NY steak and it was one of the best cooked steak I had for a long time.  Along with a tall beer and mashed potatoes.  I couldn't complain.  Given that it was my first meal in my Vegas bachelor weekend and I just landed, I was starving.  We picked a perfect time to get there (5 PM). We have no reservation and no wait.  Price is fair.  Service was good.  Steak was excellent (sides was ok).
1	This was supposed to be our special dinner out.  Friends had highly recommended it and we couldn't wait because we love steak.  We ordered our steaks as we always do...his medium rare, mine rare.  I took my first bite and thought it tasted rather odd.  I took my second bite, and actually had to spit it into my napkin.  My boyfriend looked at me like I was crazy.  I told him I was pretty sure my steak was bad, and suggested he try it.  He did the same as I had done and spit out the steak.  It tasted rotten.  Because it was a higher priced steak, I said something to the waiter as discreetly as I could.  He on the other hand, as loud as he could, explained there was no way their steak was bad.  I didn't understand apparently what dry-aged was supposed to taste like...He was rude and I have tasted aged steak before and it didn't taste like rotting flesh.  I won't go back, that is for sure.
5	Ate here last Thanksgiving with the family.  Food and service were excellent.  I ordered the Bone-In New York, rare, and it was cooked to perfection.  Tender and very flavorful.  Portions are excellent for the price and we all left satisfied and happy.
2	Disclaimer:  We just won a $1K on the quarter slot machine. Date: May 24, 2009 @ 11:38 PMOccasion:  Weekend Getaway with Boyfriend and My Whole Family                     Venue:  Vegas, Baby! Smith and Wollensky is a steak/lobster restaurant on the strip across from Monte Carlo.Ambiance/Decor: Americana. Could be used as a venue for Gangster Movies in the 30's. Rustic Wood Tables.  Real clothtowels in the bathroom instead of papertowels. Social Scene: Loud and rowdy group of friends at one table dressed to the nines. Two couples (including me and boyfriend) trying to have a quiet dinner in Vegas.Service:  Excellent! What we ordered:Salud!:  A glass of Smith and Wollensky Napa Reserve $18               Iced Tea    $ 4.75Food:  2 Whole Lobsters and 10 oz Steak for me and BF $59 each            4 pcs Oysters on Half-Shell $16Total: $193.90 including tax and tipOverall:1.  Being with my Asian family who loves buffets, BF and I wanted to have a nice quiet dinner by ourselves that will not include stuffing ourselves with 40 dishes.  So, we sneaked out!2.  Believe it or not, the restaurants on the strip were closed at 11PM except the bars and clubs. Smith and Wollensky was the only place that was open  until midnight.  That's how we ended here by accident.3.  The dinner was disappointing considering how expensive it was.  The steak was burnt (no,not charbroiled) dry and bland that BF and I ended up dipping the steak in the sauce that came for the lobster.    The small lobster came with a rich sauce and hot melted butter on the side. It was rubbery. BF said maybe because we were the last customers for the evening. Not good enough excuse for a $200 dinner!4.  If you are in Vegas, skip this place. There are so many fine dining available out there!I'll keep this review short and sweet since WHAT HAPPENS IN VEGAS STAYS IN VEGAS.   One thing's for sure though, Boyfriend and I had a memorable and  romantic weekend in Las Vegas! ;)
3	I've been to S&W's in Chicago a couple of times and the one in New York once.  All of these locations are pretty much mirror images of each other as far as building appearance, and similar in size.  I guess that's how a chain or mini-chain, in this case, operates.This place was similar in food as well although I think I've had better food before elsewhere.  I had the prime rib which to me was not worth the price.  The cut was fattier than most, and wasn't bone-in which I've seen and had at the other locations. I was here Memorial day weekend at lunch as a walk-in.  They asked if I had a reservation even though the restaurant was fairly empty looking to me.  Service was good, the food was good.  They recommended the house mac and cheese which I thought was excellent.  Baked potatoes were huge and served with all the fixings you could want on the side, so you can build it the way you want it.  I gave their own Smith & W wine brand a try and thought it was very tasty.  My buddy got the cajun rib-eye which he found excellent and even said he liked the steak here better than Ruth Chris's.To me, I've had better deals.  This place is good and I would go back, but the main reason we came here was because most of the Vegas steakhouses don't open until 5pm, and when you want steak you want it NOW.  S & W, lower the prices a bit and I'll be here every day.  Enough already.
2	I love steak! This place would have been alright if they did not char their steaks. They tell you this when you order the steak, that they do char their meats. When I say char I mean charcoal style. I am not really a fan of carbon covered steak. It is a little too unconventional for me and it tastes weird. The place is nice and the service was good but this is a steakhouse my dining experience is based on a bone in rib eye. Very disappointed with the cooking method.
3	This was the official dinner portion of my friend's bachelor party weekendService - excellent ... so this is what royalty or rockstar status is like, huh?Cleanliness - IMMACULATEPrice - $985 total (includes tax & gratiuity) for 16 peopleSeafood - lobstar, calamari, crab, salmon, halibut, tuna, swordfishMeats - prime rib, steaks, filet mignonDessert - did not tryFruits - n/aOther - To be honest, I cannot give a complete fair assessment of Smith and Wollensky because I was not hungry when we went to dinner--ate @ Bellagio Buffet 5 hrs earlier.  However, I will make an attempt ...Whole Free-Range Lemon Pepper Chicken ($22.50)- I personally think the chicken at Ralphs is better with a better price tag ($7)--free-range THIS!!  I ate the 1 leg, 1 thigh, and a small portion of the left breast ... and I was done.  The legs and thigh were pretty moist and tender, however, the breast was a little dry.  When I am at my prime, I would devour this whole chicken without a second thought.  I took this back to the hotel and nobody ate it as well.  I'm crying inside that food went to waste.Other courses:Tomato and Bufala Mozzarella salad ($12.50) - Tomatoes were good, but the mozzarella didn't stand out ... no punch of delicious taste.  Bone-In Rib Eye ($46.50) - This piece of meat was pretty damn big--fit pretty much the whole plate.  My friend gave me a slice and it was pretty damn tasty--perfect pink inside.Crab Macaroni & cheese ($11.50) - All I can say is ... can you see my O-face?!!  This is a must get if you come here.  HELLO ... it's mac and cheese with crab!!!!Lobster - the lobster was pretty spectacular in presentation.  The size of the claws was insane--juiced up lobsters.  I thought it would be tight to use the claw as a shot glass so the bachelor did as that--see pictures.  I told everyone that I'm saving the claw for the next bachelor--I'm a gangsta trendsetter.I would totally recommend this place--even though I gave it only 3 stars.  The service is excellent and the food is good**Disclaimer - I was not very hungry when we went here.
5	It's all about the Bone-In Cajun Rib Eye.  I dare you to eat this and tell me it isn't one of the best pieces of meat you'll ever have.  The "Seafood Bouquet" party starter is unbelievable.  A little bit of each shellfish possible - fresh and delish.  Awesome sides too - Crab Mac & Cheese, Asparagus, Hash Browns...  Great wine list as well.  I actually can't believe the bad reviews this place has received here on Yelp!I go to Vegas two or three times a year for work - and go to S&W at least once a year.  It is pricey - but it is a white table cloth steak house on the Las Vegas Strip...duh!  We also have a big party planned there for a friend - $60 dollar fixed four course meal - $35 more for all-you-can-drink.  NO BRAINER!
3	I always rate my steakhouse based on my steak. Ribeye cooked rare with sauteed onions.  Not too happy about this one.  Not tender enough, strange flavoring. Makes me appreciate the good places for steak.  I had a good run by basing my choice of locations on Yelp and The Food Network.  Lobster was tasty though and the Mac and cheese was delicious!!  no joke!
2	Let's cut to the chase: My $47 steak tasted like an over-marinated hunk of Spam soaked in soy sauce. My Yorkshire pudding was dry and unremarkable at best (and also creeped out my friend because he said it looked like a baby arm [SOMEONE is projecting!]). I was so disappointed as I am a steak fanatic who has embraced all sorts of steak ranging from the low-pro diner set-up to the high-end, formal-attire establishments in the most pretentious nooks and crannies of both coasts and beyond. Smith and Wollensky, however, failed miserably and has no place in my steak-consuming repertoire. I went to some sketchy hotel diner the next morning with the rest of my hungover constituents and my $13 steak and eggs dwarfed Smith and Wollensky in terms of edibility and taste. Service-wise, the staff was top-notch and being that we were a rough and tumble bachelor party, the host graciously placed us in the VIP room in which we were consistently and diligently pampered. I can't justify dropping fifty bucks on a shit steak, but the service evened it out.The triple-baked mac and cheese was a little too salty and overpowering. Come to think of it, everything was too salty. I had three greyhounds and I didn't feel the urge to shred my carcass any harder than if I'd had a glass of warm milk. A bad steak makes for a very unhappy Stephie. I came up big time in the casino later that night so financially speaking, I managed to break even with our hefty bill, but the psychological and emotional scars inflicted by that prime rib will forever remain in the distant recesses of my fragile constitution. A 500-pound animal died scared shitless and without warning for you, dudes. Show the poor beast a modicum of justice and at least serve him right.
5	Okay, let me preface my high end steak places are limited to just a few.This place I've been to twice. Each time I've been very happy with what I received. The first time we had a bachelor party 7 guys dressed in suits. We wanted to start our Vegas trip off right. We each had a fillet minion and 1 guy got the prime rib. We also included 2 bottles of wine. The selection was good according to our wine guy, We got Asparagus spears, mashed potatoes, and truffle encrusted macaroni and cheese. The mac was the best I've every had. Mashed potatoes were mediocre at best. The Asparagus was cooked perfectly. The steaks were cooked perfectly. The peppercorn sauce or simply grilled are the way to go. I enjoyed the Cajun style mixed with the peppercorn sauce but I'm not a minimalist when it comes to steaks, I like saucing it up a little.The second time I came I got the prime rib bail out special. For $49 bucks you get an app, main course and a dessert. What a spectacular deal. The prime rib was perfect. The warm salad was terrific as a start and the dessert was incredible. As a word of warning the desserts are a little large and you may need help finishing it off.I recommend this place. So far it is my Gold standard of steak places. It is also a must stop when you're in Vegas, to get away from the neon crap at least for a little while.
4	Location:  On the Strip, easy access for everyone. Valet parking available.Service: Most people were friendly except our original server did not take care of us at all so another gentlemen took over and helped us out during our entire meal.Ambiance: Totally casual. It feels like people are here to enjoy good food / wine.Food:  Rosemary Bread is yummmmmmyWollensky's Salad is a must-have!  So delicious (Especially Bacon crumb)Oscar's Fillet is a must have as well! NY Steak is more leanCajun Ribeye is a bit weak on the flavors. I had better ones in Morton's Steak housePeople said the Prime rib is good.  I didn't get to have.I had cheesecake for dessert.  Although homemade, I feel something is lacking.If you can, reserve a private dining room by the kitchen. Its fun to watch/to be watched while eating!
3	We enjoyed the special thanksgiving dinner very good roasted beets salad excellent Turkey dinner &dessert for$49 Very goodwine list we enjoyed the 2003 McCleary Shiraz from Washington StGood friendly service
4	Went to Vegas for a bachelor party. My co-worker (bachelor) and his friends have a ritual to goto Smith and Wollensky everytime someone gets married. We sat in a special room that looked inside the kitchen. The large floor to cieling glass that separated us and the kitchen made a very quiet dinner possible. I ordered the rib eye steak, medium rare, and it came out delightful. My only complaint would be that the steak had a little more fat than I wanted and not enough meat.
1	Awful. Terrible. Do not come here. Their wine list is a joke. The first bottle, the did not have. The second came corked, and they tried to make me seem like I didn't know what I was talking about. Excuse me? I've been in the wine business for how long and I can't tell a corked bottle? The third bottle was fine, and that's what we went with...As for the service? What service? We had to flag down anyone to get them to come to our table. The check took a good twenty minutes. The sauce on my steak au poiver was COLD by the time it got to my table. The mashed potatoes were watered, and the only thing half way decent was the microwaved mac and cheese.Would I come here again? Oh goodness no! Not with all the amazing fabu places Vegas has to offer. Just...awful. Don't waste your time or money. For that price there's MUCH better out there.
4	The enitire experience was wonderful. The Fillet was perfect as was the sides. We did not do wine this time. The deserts are great as well.
4	Pleasant atmosphere and delicious food.  Monster steaks and perfectly cooked side dishes.  A little on the expensive side... But hey, you are in Vegas.  I will come back again for sure.
4	Smith & Wollensky is one of my favorite restaurants in town.  It comes through on many different notes: service - amazing, decor - very "speakeasy" traditional steakhouse/lounge setting, food - awesome.  Now, I've read mixed reviews and when it comes to my steakhouses I stay very consistent.  This is primarily because, when I go to a steakhouse, I order STEAK.  I don't mess with lamb/pork chops, I don't play around with pork lion or ribs, I go for my Filet and call it a day.This is not to say there is anything wrong with ordering something different, however, I've always believed that you can rate a steakhouse by the quality of it's filet, period.  This being said S&W delivers on their food, service, and decor well above average and I urge everyone to try it.  They also have some of the best bartenders in town.
4	I dont know why theres so many bad reviews,my experience was different!My steak was very moist and flavorful. I know theplace is expensive, but they do have an awesomehamburger for $13, that includes fries and slaw. Bestmeat I have ever had in a hamburger!The ribeye was very good to, the meat actually had flavor. Manysteak houses in town just give you a tender piece of meat, butno flavor in their steaks. Side dishes were very good!Needless to say, I will be coming back.
3	The food was prepared well but I won't be coming back unless someone can convince me otherwise.  Our group had the prime rib, lamb chops, and halibut.  No one at my table was impressed by the food.  I'm not coming back again.  There are too many other choices to have to pay a premium price for sub par food.
2	I've always been meaning to try this restaurant so I did during a visit to Vegas in January.  We had the Angus burger and a HUGE prime rib.  My mouth was watering when the waiter opened the lid.  The prime rib looked so yummy and juicy.  However both the burger and prime rib were disappointing.  Both lacked major flavor.  Too bland.  We also had a side of creamed spinach.  Again, lacked flavor and basic salt.  The only thing I enjoyed was the split pea soup.  That was really good and hearty.  Service was standard.  I will not be returning here based on the food.  Too many restaurants in Vegas to try.
4	One of the better steakhouses in Vegas.  Prices and quality are comparable to Morton's or Boa.Had a porterhouse with creamed spinach and mashed potatoes.   I'm a happy camper as long as it's tender, seasoned and somewhat bloody.
5	If you're on the strip and you want steak I highly suggest this place.  My buddies and I were starving after a day couped up in a rehearsal space writing new music and had the kind of craving only meat and stiff drinks could sate.Initially we were at the Bellagio trying unsuccessfully to get a steak at "Prime" among other places.  (Travel tip - don't expect to get a nice meal at the Bellagio if you're wearing jeans and a sweater that costs under $1,500)  Thank goodness one of my travel partners lives in L.A. and has the type of connections it seems everyone in L.A. has.  He whips out the trusty iPhone and connects with a corporate party planner who knows the good spots in Vegas like it was her second home.  She tells us to hit Smith & Wollensky which is "just right across the street".  Little did we know it was in fact across the street......and about a mile down the road next to MGM.  It didn't help that we were in Vegas during a bout of both cold AND wet so we walked swiftly in the cold misty rain with all of the grace of someone holding in a 3 day dump.We finally walk into this joint and were transported from the neon glitz of the strip to a corner steak joint somewhere in old town USA.  The decor is basic with decades old sports memorabilia and such on the walls.  We were greeted by an exuberant maitre d' who I'll praise because he noticed our size (6'7", 6'6", and 6'3") and took the time to clear us a table in a spot where we would have plenty of room.Our server was fantastic.  She was very upbeat and playful and besides the great service she jumped right into our often bawdy and uncensored banter.  We started with manhattans but at the suggestion of our server followed with a round of another house specialty and ended up putting away about a bakers dozen of them between the 3 of us.When it came time for dinner I ordered their largest bone in prime rib mainly because I caught a whiff of the horseradish when I came in the place and my choice was set pretty much right then and there.  I'm not really exaggerating here when I tell you that this was the prettiest cut of meat I ever had set in front of me.  It tasted as good as it looked....aged to perfection and tender enough to melt in your mouth.  One of my buddies got the smaller cut without the bone and he raved about his as I did of mine and his was similarly picture quality.  Our other friend got the bone in NY strip and it looked amazing and by all accounts it was top notch.  The sides come family style and we got the creamed spinach and hashed browns which both complemented the meal nicely.We left this place laughing, tipsy, and full to capacity.  You really can't ask for more.  Smith & Wollensky goes on my list next to Craftsteak in MGM of places I'll send people in Vegas when they want a steak they'll think about the other 364 days of the year.
5	I stopped by today and tried S@W for the first time.  I ordered the split pea soup, rib-eye steak, hash browns, creamed spinach and whipped potatoes.The split pea soup and freshly baked rolls were outstanding.  The soup was creamy and very tasty.  The rolls melted in my mouth...so good that I ate 5 rolls.The rib-eye steak was one of the best that I have ever eaten....so juicy, tender and enough marbling (fat) to give the meat a super tasty flavor.Normally, I never use any type of steak sauce, but I tried their special sauce just for the hell of it.......and it was fucking good.  A combination of teriyaki and A1.The sides were nothing special, but filling and tasty.  The service and old school atmosphere was excellent.S@W.......I will come again!!  The rolls, steak and sauce are to die for!!
3	For a fine dining place,  this restaurant is not quite what I expected.  It's not bad, but you think for a 70 dollar meal, they would have better service.  My friend and I went there a couple times, and both times, they weren't very friendly at all.
1	Overprices, quality is typical. Beautiful selections, but come on, I ordered a steak, roasted hock, and all I get is just the slab of meat on the plate and no other condiment sides (veggies, potatoes, or even a GARNISH?). It was quite a slap in the face as my party realize this and we all had to order vegetable side dishes to compensate while we were trying to eat just the meat alone, and when the sides came, they were sized in a dish.Sorry, but maybe I didn't know the traditions or how they do it and I think it is false advertising on the menu. At least educate me before we order it all. This tarnished my gang from Bangkok and London who were expecting great American steak. What a thrill for me, thank god I wasn't the one who chose this.
4	Wollensky's Salad - Bacon chunks, potato croutons. Yummy.Truffle Mac n Cheese - Wine, shallots, three cheeses, and truffle oil. Best I've ever had.Bone-in Ribeye - Huge. Twice the size you'd get at Ruth Chris, but I wish the plates came out hot. By the time I got to the middle of my steak, it was cold.When we left the valet put some cookies in our car for the ride.Overall, we had a great experience and will be back! Also, no corkage fee!
2	THIS PLACE IS EXPENSIVE!!! omg, i definitely can't here in on my budget. thank goodness my uncle was paying. i felt like a fish outta water cuz we were the only asians in the restaurant. my uncle ordered a bottle of wine, and my glass wasn't taken away and i wasn't even carded. and i was under 21 at the time. good for me though. i think i ordered the filet mignon. it just came out, ungarnished, on a plate. just a piece of meat on a white plate. ugliest presentation ever! couldn't even bother to put a lil parsley or something on it. it made it look very unappetizing. and the meat was nothing special.
4	This was a nice option for a restaurant that doesn't scream "Vegas". Our party of four stopped by after an event without reservations on a Sunday night and 10 minutes later we were seated on the patio with a nice view of all the guys handing out escort cards. Besides the "view", good food for what I had. I wasn't feeling a large meal so I ordered the tomato and mozzarella salad, crab cake, and split calamari. Our table split a bottle of wine. As someone else mentioned, the rolls are amazing. The calamari was very good, as was their tarter sauce seasoning. It did bother me the calamari didn't come with a lemon, so we had to ask for one, and the dish was a bit cold by the time we got our garnish. The crab cake was good, and expensive (I believe about $13 for one crab cake), but nothing to write home to my Maryland peeps about. The mozzarella and tomato salad was very good! Huge slices of tomato and generous portions of fresh mozzarella...very good!A great stop-in place in Vegas without the hassle of a big name, star chef restaurant. Prepare to drop some dough for a full meal.
5	Went to S & W last night for the annual hospitality party and felt compelled to write a review for one of my favorite steakhouses in town.  This place is consistent every single time I go.  It just shines as a hidden steakhouse gem in Vegas.Firstly I would love to thank Tom Crenshaw the Assistant GM on having a great annual party for us hotel industry folk.  That being said the spread was absolutely fantastic! A few dishes of note for you patronsBuffalo Chicken flat bread pizza = amazingBeef Tenderloin = beyond wordsCrab Cakes = Just as good as Joe's Stone inside Caesars Peppered Filet = Just as good as last timeSo many other dishes between cannoli's to deli meats that just shined and put this place into a separate dimension among other steakhouses.  I urge my fellow yelpers if you haven't tried lunch or dinner here to take a trip and enjoy yourself.  If you have any problems don't be afraid to let Tom know, but I know you'll love it.
4	Q:  Why come here?  A:  For the creamed spinach.No, seriously, I have yet to find anywhere that makes better creamed spinach than S&W.  And believe you me, I have tried.  For some reason S&W has the perfect balance of creamy richness and gooey cheesy texture, yet is feels light enough to eat the entire serving - or at least get sick trying.  Most places it's too runny or too thick, too rich or not tasty enough.  S&W just gets it right, every single time.I have been coming here for years and I recommend this place to anyone wanting a great steak (yes, they do serve steak with the creamed spinach on occasion).  I honestly never order anything besides the bone-in rib eye.  Why?  Because it's that damn good people.  In all my experiences, I have never had a bad steak.  Never.  It always comes out a perfect medium rare with a nice tasty char on the outside.On my most recent visit, I noticed the changed the bread basket and no longer had the mustard butter.  I was pretty saddened and almost had to walk out of there.  Yeah, right, who am I kidding?  Seriously, though, the new stuff just isn't as good as before, but it is still ok.  For appetizers, I recommend you don't eat any.  The first time I did, many years ago, I paid the price and couldn't finish my steak.  In case you were wondering, I had ordered the caprese, which was, in and of itself, pretty darn big.  Now when I go, I just skip the apps and head straight for the beef and sides.For sides, my staples are: creamed spinach (duh!), sauteed mushrooms and mac & cheese.  Honestly, all the sides are pretty standard fare, but to me, the creamed spinach is outstanding.Worth mentioning is that S&W does not charge a corkage for bottles of wine you bring in, as long as it's not on the list and your group is 4 or less.  No corkage!  If you live in Vegas, like I do, that is like money in your pocket.  Most places charge $35, so if you bring two bottles (the limit here), you just saved $70 on corkage!  That's a meal here!  Go ahead and order an extra desert (if you're not totally stuffed).Um, speaking of deserts, I can't really say much.  I have never had a single desert here through my numerous visits.  I'm always stuffed to gills from eating the fantastic meat.If you want A5 Kobe or some jazzed-up, marinated or sauced beef, this is the wrong place.  You come here for a damn fine slab of prime, dry-aged American cow cooked to absolute perfection.If you want a quiet, romantic or posh eatery, where you can people watch this ain't it.  The decor is stark and simple, the service spot on and the repeat clientele come for the beef, not the meat.  Well, I come for the spinach, but hey, we all have our own quirks, right?
5	I had dinner with a large group last week at Smith & Wollensky - great food!  I think the overall atmosphere is a bit underwhelming - especially for Vegas - and a bit too old school for my taste.  However, the ribeye was made to perfection and was hella large to boot.  I know this restaurant isn't supposed to fare well against Wolfgang's etc. but on this day it was the best ribeye I ever had.  Pleasantly surprised.
5	Made reservations for a special occasion, and my date and I were treated like royalty. Every second of the service was perfect, and the steaks were way beyond expectation. We could not have been happier. If you are in Vegas, and want a great steakhouse, go here.Cheers
5	I wish I were rich & powerful because I would most certainly make backroom deals where I kept "the man down."  Where those deals would be made?  Smith & Wollensky.  This steakhouse epitomizes an old-school, clubby atmosphere where one discusses the latest issue of the New Yorker.  Their Las Vegas outpost is an amazing respite from the invasion of over priced, modern fancy steak joints that have become omnipresent on the strip.  Where to start on what makes Smith & Wollensky great?  Ive already touched on the amazing vibe they've created, but the food is just as good.  The meat is Prime and cooked expertly.  I love that they dont drown their cuts in butter like some other top-end places and they make the meat the real star.  Ive had the Bone-In Ribyeye twice now and I can say its nothing short of breathtaking.  My associate swears by the Filet Oscar style (how great is it that they still do an Oscar style?  Old school, I told you) and judging by the bites I had I concur.  The sides are bold yet traditional and complimentary with the rest of the menu.  If you're only ordering one, it MUST be the truffle mac & cheese.  Thumbs up also to the creamed spinach, hash browns & lobster mashed potatoes.  As for starters, I always get their crisp iceberg wedge salad which is the best of any restaurant not named Gibson's in Chicago.  Ive never had the deserts there because with all the other food, who can?  Judging from the rest of the dining room, it looks like that is a popular sentiment.  The service is attentive yet unobtrusive.  Our waiter Michael knows the menu inside out and was helpful with the wine menu as well.  What a treat to have a waiter who treats the food as a passion instead of job.  Im sure they other staff our amazing too, but if you can Michael will make your dinner very special in that you wont even realize he made it special.  See how that works?With all these nice touches comes a hefty price tag, but S & W delivers.  Expect that each person will be about $100 bucks with some alcohol.  Too bad the only back-room deals I usually make here is how to get my friend to treat....
4	I work close to the steakhouse and am fortunate to try different foods every so often and today I had the Buffalo Chicken flatbread which is YUM! I know I know who eats flatbread at a steakhouse? Well when your just looking for a light lunch or an in-between snack amongst friends the S&W grill is very satisfying. I've tried most of the lunch items my fave being the Cobb salad to my least fave the ahi tuna salad which is a hit or miss. Prices are a little steep but what do you expect from being store front to Las Vegas Blvd. Oh and the Macaroni and cheese is a staple here!!! Okay so I have a few faves but if your ever walking by and you see a gold cow in a glass case be sure to drop in and give it a try. One more thing staff is very pleasant and entertaining! Happy eating!
3	the starters are pretty good.shrimp cocktail the size of my palm.  good cocktail sauce with a good amount of horseradish.the crab cake is one pc. and has a crispy flakey outside with big chunks of crab meat inside.  the veggies looked boring (asparagus & broccoli) so i didn't touch those.  the mac n cheese was good (creamy) but nothing mind blowing.the mushrooms were not bad but nothing great.they told us that they were known for 4 steaks.  i usually get the filet m. but that one was not part of the 4 so i decided to get their porterhouse for one. ($48), medium rare.I felt like my steak was not medium rare but somewhere between medium rare and medium.  it had a huge chunk of fat, the size of the crab cake maybe.  the meat was very chewy and did not melt in my mouth.  i was really disappointed.i tried someone's filet, maybe like a third of it, and it tasted gamey. I also tried to rib eye and though it was the best out of the three that i tried.  It was the most well cooked, and flavorful out of the three. But it still wasn't the best.   the steaks were definitely a let down.
4	I've always driven by this place when passing through the Strip. Had to finally check it out for myself. Had dinner here for mama's birthday. We had heard about some Summer Grill promotion they were doing. Discounted prices for their traditional menu. Definately a factor in helping us on our decision. We made reservations for 9pm. It was quiet in there on a Monday nite. We liked the decor of the place. Very homey with hardwood floors and a classic steakhouse appeal. It had a sense of country diner with a hint of uppity restaurant. Mama fell in love with her bleu cheese stuffed olive Martini. She says they made it very well. The bread they provide as an appetizer is not too shabby. I didn't eat much just so I can save room in the belly for the cow i was going to consume. By the way, they dont' offer the promotional Summer menu at the table. You have to ask for it. No big deal. I felt we should be rewarded for doing our homework. Our waiter did inform us that the promo portions are slightly less grandiose than the traditional menu portions. We kind of figured that to be the case. I ordered the Cajun Marinated Ribeye and mama had the Salmon with lump crabmeat and fingerlings. We were hoping that the portions would be sufficient enough to keep us from going back to Denny's later in the evening. I guess the non-promotional Ribeye is 22oz. My Summer portion came out to "only" 18oz. 18 OUNCES!?!?!?!?! Are you effing kidding me? That thing was huge! The cajun marinade gave a great crust to the outer shell all the while keeping the middle medium and juicy. Mama had already relegated, especially after the watier reiterated, that the "lump" crab meat would be sparse. Then it came out. Holy mother of crab. The salmon was pretty much sitting on a bed of Crab Meat. A BED OF CRAB MEAT! I think the chef confused the crab meat for the fingerling potatoes and filled that plate with crab instead of potato. My ribeye was absolutely magnificent. Cooked perfectly. Crusty seasoning encased the mouth watering tenderness that was my medium steak. I can't say enough about it without going out to the store right now to buy some red meat.What more can be said about mama's Salmon? I mean, the Salmon was actually the secondary part of that dish. The Crab meat with mushrooms and fingerlings were the star of that plate. Don't get me wrong, the Salmon was delicious, but, the Crab was the star. Absolutley magnificent. Here are the reasons why no 5star... When we first got seated, there was butter on the seat. Luckily, mama missed sitting on it. The host was very nice about it, wiping it up and asking mama if she wanted to move. Mama declined since she liked our seat. Unfortunately, when I picked up the wine menu, there was butter on that thing too! WTF? I mean, those 2 things dont' kill the night, but, I had higher expectations for restaurant quality. Oh, and because I had told them earlier about mama's birthday, they brought a little cupcake out with a candle. It was very sweet of them, but, it was dryer than the vegas desert.Still, one of the best dinners we've had in Vegas.
5	Smith & Wollensky's is one of the best steaks you can get in Las Vegas, and that's saying something considering the large amount of great steakhouses we have in town.  The steaks are huge, the service is top notch, and, best of all, there is no corkage fee!  For any of you wine lovers out there this should be a big deal to you.  You can open that First-Growth Bordeaux, or Napa Cabernet Sauvignon with a great steak and not have to pay $35 just to get it opened and poured for you!  I don't know about you, but this is a big deal for me!  The only other place on the strip that has free corkage is Pinot Brasserie at the Venetian (all of Splichal's restaurants do).  I suggest one steak because it's what I get at every steakhouse: Bone-in Ribeye.  It's like two meals in one.  The juicy steak, and the flavorful bone!  The sides did not impress me too much, but the steak, service, and free corkage bring it up far enough to make it a 5 stars!  If you're looking for a great steak in a classic steakhouse atmosphere with great service then Smith & Wollensky's is your place.
4	I love this place for lunch -- just love it -- especially every 6 months for WINE WEEK, when for $10 dollars (on top of your lunch tab) you can try 10 wines!  Had a chance to have a wine week lunch mid-week with a delightful friend/business contact/fellow foodie & yelper.   I'm a huge fan of the Wollensky Salad with chicken and we shared a shrimp cocktail as a starter. The pretzel rolls, served warm with mustard butter, are a decadent delight without which no wine week lunch would be complete. My friend enjoyed the spinach tenderloin salad.   Great service, too.
1	Pathetic, grossly overpriced, food served by indifferent waitstaff in a badly designed cafeteria.I've eaten here three times, and never had a good experience- cold, nearly raw steaks laced with gristle, salads drenched in vinegar, and old, sloppy, and limp seafood. Attempts to rectify the situation through the usual channels have been useless- they herd so many tourists through the gates, they figure that your business as an individual doesn't affect their bottom line and act accordingly.If you like shelling out a couple of hundred bucks per person to sit in a loud warehouse for a cut of spoiled, er uh.. 'aged', U.S. Commercial quality steak you could grill better yourself in a tenth of the time, then you'll love this place. Good luck on getting in and out in less than four hours or under a hundred bucks a person.
4	I will start off with the reason why I minus-ed a star from this 5 star love of this place: The seating. That is my only gripe with this place. Now on to the real review.S&W's steaks are brilliant. The aging process they use imparts a medium earthiness and creates a bite through the meat that is perfect. Not tough but actually requires you to chew lightly to savor the flavor. I recommend the bleu cheese encrusted filet and the porterhouse.The bar is VERY EXTENSIVE to which I was extremely grateful. I am an avid absinteur and enjoyed that they had four different types of absinthe/pastis NOT SERVED ELSEWHERE in Las Vegas. I recommend ordering a Ricard with a rocks glass of ice water.Also the sides are awesome, the truffled mac and cheese is great but I preferred it without the truffle oil,  baked potatoes are huge, and the sauteed mushrooms were served in a butter wine reduction that was superb.Lastly, we had 3 different desserts: creme brulee, fresh fruit marinated in liqueur, and a chocolate souffle. All were excellent.The service and hours are wonderful. Open til 1-2am and the servers pointed us in the right direction when it came to food. The prices were sizable (4 people, $355+$80 tip) but VEEEEERY worth it.When you need to have a night just to splurge and experience excellence in a steakhouse, visit Smith and Wollensky's.
5	Great place for an awesome steak and large shrimp cocktail.  I try to eat here every time I visit Vegas.
4	If you are looking for a fabulous Steak House that's open early this is it! I really wanted to eat a steak for my birthday and watch a early 7:00 pm show . The majority of the Steak houses in Vegas are open at 5:30 pm which wouldn't have worked for me but luckily Smith & Wollensky opens at 11am. My husband and I started off with drinks to enjoy before the meal. I ordered a Skinny Mint . It tastes like Chocolate Mint candy but it was a little strong for me. The waiter was nice enough to ask me if I liked my drink because it looked like it hasn't been touched. He was willing to get me another one but I just explained that I did like it it's just that I am a sipper. My husband helped me finish it towards the end of the meal because I couldn't do it by myself. I was already feeling warm and making up my own phrases...I was a little tipsy. The drinks were $14.95 so my husband made sure we finished most of it. I had the Rib Eye Steak with Truffled Mac and Cheese. I really wanted their Lobster Mashed Potatoes but they stopped serving it because it's a seasonal item. I wasn't sure how I'd feel eating Mac and Cheese with my steak but it was melt in your mouth delicious! The steak was nice and juicy which I love because there is nothing worse then a dry, tough steak. We also had the Wollensky salad that had a type of Dijon dressing, real bacon and potato croutons. That was also really good. We ended the meal with coffee, tea and my complimentary Birthday dessert . The presentation was cute and it consisted of a chocolate walnut brownie which is one of my favorites. Who am I kidding anything chocolate is my favorite!
4	Freakin' expensive and worth it.  The wine stweard and bartender were very knowledgable and fun.
5	If you are looking for a fabulous Steak House that's open early this is it! I really wanted to eat a steak for my birthday and watch a early 7:00 pm show . The majority of the Steak houses in Vegas are open at 5:30 pm which wouldn't have worked for me but luckily Smith & Wollensky opens at 11am. S&W's steaks are brilliant. The aging process they use imparts a medium earthiness and creates a bite through the meat that is perfect. Not tough but actually requires you to chew lightly to savor the flavor. I recommend the bleu cheese encrusted filet and the porterhouse
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. It is a staple when the wife and I are in Vegas and hold fond memories for both of us. The steaks are all prime and well worth the money. Chicken & fish are fresh daily, but nothing compared to the steaks. They have wonderful side dishes and the restaurant is very clean & presentable. Great Staff!!!!
4	Old world chop shop. Great environment, from the moment I walked in, I felt like I was in NYC. Food was good, my ribeye was cooked to perfection with the perfect amount of char. Great quality prime beef. The truffled mac and cheese stole the show, easily the best thing I had there.It ended up being around 100 a person with wine but if you're in Vegas, you may as well indulge a little and this is a great spot to do so!
4	Went her several years ago and make it a point to come here every time I visit Vegas. If you are going to do this place right, then you need to start with the seafood bouquet. Lobster, Oysters, Shrimp, Mussels, Clams, and Colossal Lump Crabmeat. I've died and gone to Atlantis! If you even think about stopping there, you are gambling your taste buds away. Suck it up and chow down on a Wollensky salad. If Lady Luck blesses you, you'll still have room for the bone-in rib-eye. I spent many mornings gnawing on my leftovers in the hotel room. Sides I would go with include the creamed spinach. Don't ask me about desserts because I never make it that far.
4	Very quality place in a not so special area.  I say that because of all the people in your face on the street pushing "babe papers' in your face.. Wonderful surprise. Old school service which rocks in Vegas and class touches. Food was great.
3	Low Down.../Good steak house. Come here if you're super hungry but if you're planning on clubbing or partying hard maybe this may be too much food for you***Portions are HUGE here. I REALLY wish that our server had the foresight to see that we CLEARLY were not going to finish our own plates and perhaps suggest sharing or just mentioning that their portions were large. We didn't have a fridge at our hotel and we ordered our own steaks and I basically felt like we ordered a whole side of a cow. Of course we didn't finish our food. Boo. I am disgusted to say I threw away the leftovers because we had no where to put them. Postive side was that the steak was prepared nicely but please note-when you have so much steak it can be overwhelming.*****HIGHLIGHT of the evening is the truffled mac and cheese. I DIE...smells as fantastical as it tastes. Too bad that I was so full that I barely ate it.
2	I dined in the grill side which is supposed to have the same menu and the same food coming out of the same kitchen. It  was a nice they have this since we just walked in without a reservation on a Saturday night.I was excited to come here, my parents spoke highly of it and people really seemed to like the Mac and Cheese here. I'm sorry to say that I was disappointed with the food I got. First off, skip the world famous split pea soup.. there is nothing great about it. I got the filet minon with the Gorgonzola cheese on top. It sounded good, however I found it was over powering and I ended up scraping it off. I should of just gone with it grilled normally. The Mac and Cheese was o.k.... still many levels below the Mac and Cheese you get at Del Friscos.My wife got the Bone in rib eye which I enjoyed much more than my filet, however we both agreed it was  a bit over charred and seasoned with a heavy hand. The lone good thing was that they had a lighter portion menu of pretty much everything on the normal menu. Its a nice option.With so many steak house options in Vegas, I doubt I will be back.
4	Really? Only 3.5 stars? My boyfriend and I went here during our first trip to Vegas together about 4 years ago. Maybe it changed since then, but I remember everything we had was excellent....from appetizers to dessert. Shrimp cocktail were huge and delicious! Steaks were off the hook. Chocolate cake was devine! Service was excellent. Need to go back here next time we are in the area.
4	You're not over the Chicago River and your view is more of Las Vegas swagger than classy Midwest hotness... but regardless... this is still a solid spot. Enjoyed a few apps and drinks midday on our way up the strip. Nolan the bartender was the greatest and made our day! Just when we thought Vegas was an impersonal, shy bitch... he came through with friendly conversation, great drinks, and good times.
4	I have been coming to S&W for Wine Week (10 wines for $10) for about 2 years (once every six months). It is one of my favorite restaurants. The atmosphere is awesome, service is homey, & the food is prepared simply and delicious. Don't expect modern skimpy food, expect generous tried & true food. I used to think this was an expensive restaurant, but now I believe that prices have caught up to S&W instead of vise versa. This last visit I learned 2 thing new about steak at S&W...always order the fillet, and never order the rib eye (lol). This visit the wine week wine selection was amazing, the highlight was the Jordan Cab. Sav.The food ordered was:Apps:Scallops-delicious-3 huge pieces w/fresh & tasty produce. Good peanut sauce. 4.5/5Flat bread w/shrimp and avocado-pretty solid app. It had a welcome amount of spice and beautiful tomatoes & avocados. 3.5/5 Main course:Fillet Au Poivre-perfectly cooked, well made sauce, good texture. 5/5Cajun marinated rib eye- it came bone-in (a plus), and was cooked as ordered, med rare. However, this had way too much fat + grizzle. I know the cut of meat I ordered is supposed to have fat, but this was way too much fat. The Cajun marinade was too peppery and over powering what little meat was on the bone. 2/5Sides:Mashed potatoes-good, solid. 4/5Asparagus- big, fresh, & tasty. Served w/a nice sauce to boot. I cant help but feel that I am eating health as an added bonus. 5/5Dessert:Coconut cake: this is one of my wife's favorite desserts anywhere. It is simply put...Amazing! Moist, fresh, not too sweet,  served w/ berries & fresh coconut, and generously served. The service is 4/5. I am not going to do the math...this is a solid 4 star restaurant. Next time when I order the fillet it will be 4.5/5 (let's hope).  I dont believe this restaurant is trying to be anything more than a good stand by type of place.More on the rib eye/fillet deal:The best fillets I have had came from S&W. The previous time I visited S&W, back in October 2010, I ordered a bone-in rib eye and did not care for it. This time I ordered a Cajun rib eye and it came bone-in and did not care for it. One of my favorite steak memories hands down: bone-in Cajun seasoned rib eye from n9ne. I don't care for that place, but the steak on it's own was the absolute best piece of meat I ever had-nothing else about that place was mentionable. More about the service:You get one server, that's it. He/she takes your order, fills your beverage, & serves your food. In my experience the servers have always been cordial, I have seen other servers being more friendly towards other patrons, but have never received poor service.
5	Wine Week ROCKS!10 wines for $10 at Lunch... it doesn't get any better than that.I've been going to the Wine Week events at S&W for the past 3 years... they are twice a year... once in March and again in September.Good Times!The Setting:This place is FUN!  It's a nice steakhouse that is NOT pretentious. It's good, honest food and service.... it's not fancy... Upscale Casual Steakhouse is how I describe it to friends. .... you don't need to get dressed up to go here.... but don't show up all tattered or slutty either.Remember.. You're in Vegas... so expect it to be pricey.  Great place for a Power Lunch or Group Dining.There's a 'Kitchen Table' that you can reserve if you have like 8-10 people.The Service:All the S&W servers and staff are Excellent!However, we have a favorite.... Joseph.  He's awesome.  Love him... attentive, funny, genuine.  And he always makes sure we are having a good time.The Food:They start you off with their Pretzel bread wtih mustard butter... be careful not to fill up on this.  It's easy to do because it is so freakin' good.Anyways....Steak is definitely their specialty.....I thoroughly enjoyed the Tenderloin and Spinach salad... good and filling... Steak was perfect... Medium just the way I ordered it... and tender  The spinach was fresh and it came with chopped eggs, blue cheese and bacon.  So Good!  But if you don't want Steak....The Calamari appetizer... The Best Calamari app I've had in a long time.... The calamari is Tender and Meaty and enough to share for 5 women.... Not Rubber-eeeee like other places.  And the dipping sauce... oh man.... it's like an aioli spice.... hard to describe but I ended up dipping everything in it ... it was so good.The Lobster BLTA... wow!  Rich and filling and it is served with homemade chips which are crispy but not oily or greasy... Perfect.Their Scallops are melt in your mouth ... OMG!The Ahi Tuna salad looked really good and the gal in our party who got it said it was one of the best she's ever had.And then there's Dessert.... definitely save room for dessert.... we had the chocolate cake with fresh homemade whip cream.  YEA BABY!  Rich... Decadent... and You don't need more than a couple bites to satisfy your sweet tooth or your chocolate tooth.Will I be back?  Does the sun rise in the east and set in the west?  You Betcha!
3	average food and too much of a classic steakhouse for me!
5	The New York Steak was very tasty and I liked the East Coast feel of the place.
4	Amazing mac n cheese. I ordered the Steak which was done medium and tasted great. My friends loved their food as well. The waiter did not hound us or pressure us but gave us great recommendations and even saved us a few bucks by suggesting ordering in different ways. The waiter suggested we not order the crab legs because the portions were small and not worth the money. Very trustworthy place and sat us very quick. Although the bill was not small, it was worth it.
2	Had a work dinner here & apart from the service, which got them a 2nd star, I could not be more disappointed. There were SEVERAL members of our party whose bone-in filets were undercooked. What makes this more frustrating is that they insist you order the bone-in instead of the normal filet. Great. But could you at least cook it medium? You tell us "This is our finest cut, which is best enjoyed @ medium," yet you bring me rare @ best. You'll probably find more consistency @ Outback. Outright pathetic for a place that prides itself on its steak. Oh well. Now I'm off to get a real dinner. Just don't go here if you have a large group.
3	Dropped into S&W at about 11:15PM on a Saturday night. The place was nearly dead. Got seated quickly, but didn't get a waiter for probably five minutes. Food was meh- my medium-rare, bone-in ribeye was ~$50, but not tender in the least. Was it actually prime beef? Couldn't tell. Mushrooms and whipped potatoes were good. Fries were average. Was looking forward to a really terrific steakhouse meal, but didn't get it.
4	Smith and Wolls baby...when I hear those words I am quickly bombarded of thoughts of me and my boys in Vegas about to have a great night filled with classy women, soberness and average steaks! Ok I am exaggerating on all fronts here but the bottom line is Smith and Wollensky is what we thought they were--an outstanding steakhouse. If you read there tagline, "It's a place to end all arguments" and after one visit, you will quickly learn why! Matter a fact if she can't get over the fact you were texting a random on behalf of your friend who lost his cell phone *wink wink* then run my friend, run. Because if she can't forgive you after wolving down a $50 steak, your SOL and she can go eat at the Olive Garden with the next chump she meets! Good riddance sista..ok back to the food. I'm a creature of habit so I order pretty much the same thing every time..if it aint broke, don't fix it right? First off you have to wet the palate! Beefeater straight up with Olives Sir (throw a little bass in your voice too). Next up, the Wedge salad! Um..excuse me waiter, can you tell the chef don't be tight with the Blue Cheese! He will usually laugh and wa-la you got extra complimentary Blue Cheese! Fuckin A!!  Next Order the cajun ribeye if you like a little kick to your steak and you won't be disappointed. And don't be that guy that orders it Well Done, act like you've been there before and calmly say, medium rare thanks...I'll usually go with this cut and it takes up the entire plate. Also at this time I will order a glass of Pinot or Cab and tell them you want it delivered simultaneously with the steak!As for sides there Mac and Cheese is without question the best Mac and Cheese on the planet. Other sides that are worth trying, the sauteed mushrooms, grilled asparagus and of course the twiced baked potatoe. Also there seafood tower is legit although I don't reccommend it if your palate is set on beef because it's overkill with all the food and you might of walked in looking like Vin Diesel, but after indulging you might leave looking like Tony Soprano, so be forewarned. (This happened to me once, was on a date and somehow the fuckin shirt shrunk during dinner and when I left, I couldn't breathe! dohhh)As for cocktails, the mixologists here do a great job here on whipping up that concoction that you enjoy. Extensive wine list and a great selection of wines by the glass. On the side bar, I believe they still sell cigars although I am not sure where you can fire up at. There scotch selection is great and I reccommend going with an 18 year Glenlivet single malt to wash down that great meal. Look let's face it, you're in Vegas, your going to drop $200 easy gambling, at the club or at the strippy...SO do yourself a favor and call your concierge at your hotel and tell that cocksucker you need a reservation at Smith and Wolls baby! Never. Stop. Eating.
3	Smith & Wollensky is on the strip next to the Hard Rock. I've been there on multiple work trips with vendors and typically a good steak house.It is spendy as it tries to stay with the "high-end" steakhouses. I've gotten the King Crab legs here as well as they were quite large (the size of my arm from wrist to upper arm). I wasn't able to finish the crab as they were so large and meaty.The steak's have come out being ok but I've had better at Del Frisco's.The first time I went, the service was amazing. The second time I went, the service was sub-par. It was the same group size so that shouldn't have been an issue but we were seated upstairs in the bar area and also near a stairway door. There were people constantly coming & going and it was quite disruptive to our dinner.
4	Lunchtime and a Burger, done!I love a burger, a good, solid, meaty delicious burger.  and I have eaten as many as I have found in las vegas.  Here are some comparison burgers that are all great, but not as good as the one at Smith and Wolensky:Holstein's Gold StandardBurger Bar'sPUB's AmsterdamOlive's balsamic onion and truffle cheeseWhat made S&W's burger stand out is just a very well tasting meat aspect  It is a large meaty burger, and the flavor of the meat is what made it the best burger I've eaten in las vegas.If you are hungry, add in the truffle mac n cheese as a side dish, it is fantastic.  We ate at the bar and enjoyed some very generous pours of wine and while it is not an inexpensive lunch if you are drinking alcohol, the great tasting food and fantastic service makes it a solid 4 stars.
2	If you are looking for a great steak in Vegas, this place should not enter your top 10. Great size and portion, but very limited flavor. I'm sorry, but the steak seasoning was very poor for the price. The sides were great and the deserts were excellent, but the filet was very forgettable.
4	One of the best kept secrets off the Strip.  Great steaks!!  A little pricey but I think if you're going to pay the same price at the fancy casino hotels....might as well get quality.  The food tastes excellent here.  I had the T-Bone and it was cooked perfect.  Wedge salad also good and so was seafood platter appetizer....although way too expensive but if you can afford it, do it.  Will go back again!
2	Inconsistent.  I ate there two nights in a row last week, and there couldn't have been a greater difference in food quality and service.  Friday night was great, a party of 6 taking advantage of the free corkage policy, and having multiple courses per person.  The service was so good, you really didn't notice it after placing your order.  T-bone steak was delicious.Saturday was a train wreck.  Service was poor and neglectful, with some personnel poorly groomed.  Cadaveric managers hovered around the tables, but did little to help staff.  The corkage policy abruptly changed, costing us more.  Lamb chops were unseasoned as far as I could tell.My advice, look elsewhere.  For this amount of money, you should be sure you are going to have a good experience.
4	Unparalleled service and atmosphere. Smith & Wollensky's staff is peerless. Party of 8 was taken care of beautifully by Craig. Have been to the S&W in Chicago, and S&W always seems to execute a handsome experience. Extensive, impressive wine list. Had a 2000 Lohr cab - best cab I've ever had. Ordered the surf and turf - lobster did not disappoint - a beautiful 1.25lb. lobster - v. fresh and sweet. Medium rare filet mignon was well-prepared to order but found it on the bland side (prefer Jean-Georges' Prime steakhouse). Truffled mac & cheese - pure indulgence, incredible truffle flavor - coworkers would come to S&W for this alone. Personally prefer the crustier cavatini-based lobster mac at Capital Grille.Were out of prime rib to friend's dismay.Desserts were surprisingly average - apple tart was fine but not extraordinary. Pecan pie was oddly sweetly spiced, didn't care for the crust.
3	I have greatly enjoyed the steaks over the years when at S & W but todays was good not great and the money spent does not warrant another visit.My server was marvelous....Katie was efficient kind and professional.  The bartender was best seen to date....it was reminiscent of a time gone-by when mixologists were highly dedicated professionals.The steak was good, but it was obvious the edges of the entire bone-in rib eye had dried out prior to the meat being broiled.  The mac-in-cheese was average and not very well flavored.  The Wollensky salad was another disappointment.Highlight of the meal was the pretzel bread and the mustard butter.  Today the quality control in the kitchen may have made this my last visit.
1	Wow I will never go back to this place. 4 people, 4 beers, 2 dry aged sirloins and 2 Cajun ribeye, fries and mac and cheese ordered. We finished our beers (and we were hungover so not drinking very fast at all) when they came back out to tell us there was no Cajuns left or available... so order changed to 3 sirloins medium and 1 short ribs. We had been sitting at our outside table for about 1 hour and 45 min when the food finally came out. Boy howdy was this one of the worst steaks i have ever had. All were ordered medium, 2 were well done and 1 was really really rare. Tasteless rubbery hunk of meat. I have had a better steak at a Chinese Buffett. The ONLY positive thing at this restaurant was the mac and cheese. THAT was delish. So over all...if I am ever forced at gunpoint to eat here again I will order the shortribs and mac and cheese. Over $200 later i was no longer hungry but very very disappointed.
3	The food here is outstanding and the staff is fantastic. My steak was cooked to perfection.  HOWEVER: I  came with 3 people. One had a few beers but the other two of us only had water. We each had a steak and we ordered a side of potatoes and macaroni and cheese (which I highly recommend). The bill came out to over $300 dollars.  The prices were insane.If you have money to blow, I recommend it.
4	3.8 stars. Came here for a BACHELORS dinner party many suns and moons ago. Our party was set up in our own private dining hall next to the kitchen. The ambiance is very clean/bright/airy ++. I ordered med rare prime rib which came out still mooing on my plate. I regret not sending it back for more grill time but I mightve been too hungover to bother. Think we ordered every side on menu except the celebrated truffle mac and cheese (fail). Wouldn't say that it's a good spot for intimate date but I remember it being a bit too quiet/awkward for such a big party. Upscale venue but not very memorable food, I might give it another try but with so many yummy places to dine in LV, S/W is on lower end of rotation.
5	Great food and even better service !! Get the cajun ribeye, and lobster tail !!
4	We were recommended to this place by a fellow golfer who supplies the meat to this restaraunt. He said they had the biggest ager room for the steaks, so we decided to give this place a shot.I went in with the notion that it wasn't going to be that great and I was actually surprised. The fillet came out pretty good and the wine that the server suggested matched well. After watching Devil Wears Prada, I realized that this was the steak joint that Miranda had lunch from. After going to NY I visited the Smith and Wollenskys there and there is definitely a difference. With that said this is a staple Steak House in vegas that I will go to. Its a coin flip between this and Mon Ami Gabi. Or better yet its whatever we are closer to.Enjoy your steak. Eat well!
5	We took my Dad here for Fathers Day because it is  my (and my Dad's) favorite steakhouse. Period. Once you get over the fact that this is NOT going to be cheap, you can move on and enjoy your meal. The steaks are dry-aged, in  house. The cuts are so thick and well marbled that there is no need for anything other than the steak for flavor which, in my oppnion, makes for a great steak. My boyfriend really enjoyed his veal chop and from the looks of things, my Mom enjoyed her king crab legs as well!Everything is a la carte, which is fine with me since I'm there for the steak. The truffle mac and cheese is so yummy and rich, but I can only have a little because of that. The asparagus and creamed spinach are my favs...oh and my daughter loves their chocoloate cake! They have a good wine selection as well, which my Mom really enjoyed ('96 Ch Montrose)! LOL This is where I go when I want a steak and I'll deal with the strip traffic to get it.  Everywhere else pales in comparison, especially that ruth chris place (bleh).
5	Normally when I am in Vegas, steak house isn't something that's normally on the menu. It's always buffet, buffet, buffet. But my most recent Vegas trip was just different then usual routine. This place was suggested to us by a friend's former coworker, and I would like to thank him! I love this place now, friendly staff greeted at the door. After being seated, warm bread is served in a pan. So cute! The beau and I wasn't all that hungry, so we decided to get 1 appetizer and main course to share. Always a good idea to share when you are not all that hungry. We don't want any good steak to go to waste. For appetizer we had Truffles Mac and Cheese, OMG! It was delicious! Thank you fellow Yelper for the awesome suggestion! None of it went to waste, every little bit of it was taken care of by my tummy.As for the main course, we shared Wollensky Steak. Very YUM! It came with 6 pieces of thickly sliced steak with a little sauce on the side. Crab (big pieces of crab meat) salad served on a sea shell. And some steam veggies lined up in the center. Very yum! And just enough for 2 people who are not so hungry to share.Customer service was a plus, very nice and knowledgeable staff. Had a lot of suggestions for us, since it was our first time there. For those who ate steak during the meal, they actually bring out a different type of knife for you to use. It was nice and shiny, and for sure very sharp. I need one of those at home. Ha ha. I will most definitely go back and dine there again. Hopefully soon. :)
4	Nice steakhouse. Consistent meat quality wher you have their bone in ribeye in Vegas, NYC, DC, or Chicago.
4	I would probably not normally eat here because I'm a vegetarian but last week my company held a dinner here.All I remember is that I had some sort of pasta primavera for my main course which was satisfactory - but the real stand-out was the: TRIPLE LAYER COCONUT CAKE.Go eat it now.
2	My husband and I stopped in here by a friend's suggestion for a nice romantic dinner. My husband and I had made reservations a few days earlier and were seated upon arrival (we arrived about 20 mins early). As a starter we had calamari which tasted very good. I had ordered the seasonal lobster mango salad. My husband ordered the fillet and lobster with a baked potato. My lobster mango salad was very rich and creamy and got overwhelming quickly. My husband's steak was mediocre but his lobster was decent. The baked potato was half a size of a football and came with sides (bacon, sour cream, butter, and cheese). I will say the service was very good but the food lacked taste. Not worth the overpriced hype.
4	Came with a big group of people for a really late night dinner, after watching Celine Dion of course. :) Service was great! Nice, attentive, and not overly stuffy. our server was from Jersey, we enjoyed his accent. lol. Bone in rib eye. Omg so much meat! If you're like me and don't eat much, SHARE your steak with someone!!!!! perfect medium rare steak, and so much meat and flavor your tastebuds will smile. Garlic truffle Fries... these were awesome!!!! Like taking the ballpark garlic fries to a whole other level. Awesome. I couldnt' get enough of these, good thing it was on the other side of the table. :) or else i'd have more mileage to put in this week. Mac and cheese - tasty truffled mac and cheese, and baked. i had 2 spoonfuls (which says a lot cuz i dont' like mac and cheese) Asparagus - overcooked. served w/ hollaindaisse sauce... meh...
4	I know this is a steakhouse, but OMG, the truffle mac and cheese is worth coming here alone for! I try to make at least one dinner here whenever I am in Vegas on business or vacation, and it never disappoints.Sure, there are many upscale and trendy steakhouses and celebrity restaurants all throughout the Vegas strip now, but on occasion I stll like the old school feel of having a meal at S&W.During my last visit here a few months back I had a filet mignon perfectly cooked medium rare. Delicious cut of meat with a nice char on the edges. Huge amount of steamed broccoli, yummy mac and cheese, and soft baked potato the size of a Nerf football. Paired with a nice Malbec this was just a terrific meal. I usually order almost this same meal each time I am there, and never get tired of it.Service has always been top notch and know their stuff. Can't wait to go back during my next trip to Sin City!
5	Lamb was extremely good, along with the family style mac-and cheese.  The best part was that I ate it at the bar, over an ice cold beer.  Cannot remember the bartender's name, but a real professional.  A nice break from the madness from the casino-restaurants, and the best part is that it is on the strip.  You will not be sorry, and have been back several times on multiple trips.  Great stop prior to rolling dice, or seeing a show.
2	I really, really, really wanted to like this place because my friend took me there and he loves it. First the good: great location on the strip, terrific service, decor and ambience. Just like a traditional East Coast steak house. Sides and wine were excellent: truffled mac and cheese, S&W green beans, sauteed spinach, fabulous bottle of rioja: all exemplary The problem was the steak. A big, bone in rib eye for $49 came charred on the outside, tough and overcooked. (I asked for Medium Rare), it was between Medium and Well done. Even if the temperature had been right, the charring outside was way overdone, and the quality of the cut was not great. Such a shame. But I will go go back and try another cut, perhaps the rack of lamb or filet mignon.
5	A nice place with trustworthy good food.  After trying other places on the strip only to be disappointed, we always come back to S&W for a nice meal we can always rely on.
5	I got married in Vegas this past weekend and we decided to have our reception dinner in Smith & Wollensky's cigar room. Not only were they extremely reasonable with the price, we were able to customize a menu offering to make it even more reasonable!The portions were absolutely GINORMOUS, so don't worry about there not being enough food if you decide to do something similar. Although I only ate like 3 bites of everything they put in front of me, it was all amazingly delicious and I catch myself dreaming about all the food I let go to waste that night and what I'd do to be able to finish those meals.If you do do a private dining experience like I did, ask them if you can play your own music. Listening to Taylor Swift and Justin Bieber isn't my ideal situation for a reception, but I forgot to ask about music options in advance.The service was great, they were all so friendly and accommodating and I'd have a private dinner here again, no questions asked.
5	Best meal I have ever had!  Our server was very friendly and knowledgeable.  The bread they serve before the meal is addicting.  We started with the Wollensky salad...delicious.  My entree was the Filet Mignon Au Poivre...incredible.  I can't remember all the sides we ordered, but the highlight of the sides was the truffle oil mac & cheese...worth the drive to Vegas just for the mac & cheese.  Very nice experience overall, Smith & Wollensky is definitely a new Vegas tradition.
2	Pretty terrible play on the New York staple.  The restaurant itself was just plain ugly, which means a lot to me.  I ordered a small cut on the bone. I was brought out the most ridiculously sized steak I could even imagine.  It totally threw off my appetite. I also ordered it "black and blue" and it came out inedible.  I think I learned my lesson with black and blue. I will go with rare going forward.The waitor was your typical try to be your buddy douchebag.  He kept cracking these stupid jokes and kept coming over way too much.  HE then admitted to us that his girlfriend used to be a stripper.  Great dude. Great.  Hope you and Krystal are having a terrific time raising a child that doesn't have your DNA.  "seeeeee, my girl used to strip"  I would have to say, asphinctor says what?what?asphinctor says what?...., what?exactly..
5	This was a great dining experience. I had the Chilean sea bass and it was the best meal I have ever had. It was perfectly cooked. If you are in Vegas you have to stop by here at least once.Put it on your bucket list and you will see what I am saying.Enjoy...
5	Wonderful, old-fashioned steak house with great seafood options.  I took business associates to dinner here and they loved the food.  The surroundings are pleasant with hardwood floors, pressed tin walls, white tablecloths, multiple intimidate dining rooms and waiters in white coats.  This steakhouse is reminiscent of Jakes in Portland, OR.  Portions are generous.
3	Pro:Food was excellent.  I ordered a rare, bone in rib ey which came out just the way I like it.  Sides were great too.  Service, in terms of the staff interaction, was good.Con:We had a large party of about 16.  From being seated to entree it took about an hour and half.  Yes, some of that time was occupied by drinks, but people were getting cranky as time went on.  This would have been an issue if we had a set time to leave, such as making a show start.Neutral:The environment is in contrast to the rest of the strip - kind of an old school throwback.  The environment seemed a little too formal for my taste.Summary:Excellent food, but it took a long time.
4	I visited this steakhouse on a recent trip to Las Vegas and had a very pleasant experience. The restaurant is located on the exuberant Vegas strip.If dining indoors, the decor is has a hint of western influence, as it is slightly saloon-like. We dined outdoors on the patio located parallel to the strip's pedestrian traffic. This made for a bit of natural entertainment throughout our meal.The food was tasty and moderately priced. I had a steak with a side of mushrooms while my friend enjoyed lobster tail. This restaurant provided one of the better dining experiences I had in my short visit to the city. The service was great. Our waiter was friendly and attentive..... and somewhat psychic. He gave us a generous birthday dessert at the end of the meal. It was my friend's birthday, but I didn't inform him of this and neither did my friend. Hmmm....Bottom line, I would recommend this restaurant to locals and visitors.
4	The food was great, waiter was nice enough to move our party to a better location. Food was hot and quick. One star off because the ac was on and we froze the entire night, even after asking to turn the temp down.
4	I absolutely love Smith and Wollensky's Truffle Mac and Cheese. It is wonderfully creamy and is topped off with the right amount of bread crumbs which makes it nice and crispy on top. And of course the wonderful truffle oil that they use to make it irresistible.And of course their steaks are just AMAZING! The Portherhouse for Two (which is on their dinner menu but also available for lunch if you ask nicely), is enough food for two guys or three girls. It also comes with yummy vegetables that were sauteed in the drippings from the steak. All of their steaks are dry aged which provides a beautiful meaty flavor and because they know how to sear the steaks well each bite is a beautiful little treasure of meaty goodness.The Cajun Rib Eye was also really nicely done. The seasoning provides a gentle kick and and was nicely seared on the outside, providing you with that savory crust that good steaks have.If you have a hard time finding this place, it is directly across the street from the Monte Carlo.
3	After 3 days of drinking non stop we made our way to S&W to have dinner. I love S&W but the  food at this location was just OK. Nothing to rave about. We did  however have great service which made up for the  food.We ordered the filet mignon, porterhouse and the mac and cheese. We had lots of drinks and even ordered dessert. Talk about being stuffed at the end of our dinner. Overall our visit was nice.
3	We had the chateaubriand with foie gras mushroom sauce and fingerling potatoes with beans and carrots ($92). We ordered an additional side of creamed spinach ($10) which was really good. The meat was decent, but the end was too crisp for my liking. Our server was ok but it seemed like the busser did most of the work, he was great. Our drinks were always filled :). We had the trio creme brulee - vanilla, pistaccio and cinnamon apple. It was pretty good, especially to share ($10).
3	On any given day this place could rate 2 star to 5 star in my book.  5 star is rare.  I here a LOT.  At least 5 times per year for the past 10 year or so.For a 5 star experience, go sit at the south bar (there are two bars) when George from Philly is working.  he's been there at least the past 7  years we've been going.  Great service and funny guy.... genuine.  Two people not starving?  Belly up to George's bar and order a flat bread and maybe one other appetizer and you'll be stuffed.  Reasonably priced also.  My favorite appetizer that was off the new menu last week when I was there is the "Lump Crab Appetizer".  They can still get it to you though.The problem with this place is groups of 6 or more and their steaks.  They charge an arm and a leg for them and spend a great deal of time selling you on the fact that it's the best you'll ever have.  They're good... but not THAT good.  Way overpriced.When busy, it's loud.  When it's cool outside, sit on patio if it's open.  No matter how much you like the food, you'll love the "People Watching" out there.
3	Steaks were good.Bartenders at the Bar were real friendly and made good drinksThey fell out on the waitress - service wasn't very good.   Didn't do any check backs etc.  Took forever to get the check etc.   What really fell out was the wine list.  I ordered a bottle of an 07 Merlot and the waitress brought out an 08 - Same Price of course.  Sent it back.   Asked for any of the 2 2007 California Merlot  - Nope didn't have.  At this point I asked for the Sommelier who was not too interested in dealing with us but finally came through with an 07 that was pretty good.   They shouldn't count on people not paying attention and should have an up to date wine list on what they are actually selling.   I thought it was supposed to be a high end steak house??
5	Food is top-rate, and service is attentive, friendly and knowledgable. The steaks were phenomenal--flavorful and perfectly cooked.  The sides were substantial and nice takes on classics.  Had the green beans, which were perfectly al-dente and tossed with cashews and top-quality blue cheese.   Delicious.  The decor and atmosphere is "old New York" and can be boisterous; but that's part of the charm.  My only regret is the portions were so large, that I did not have room for dessert.
4	Nice old school vibe in this place. Come here for the hamburger, which is a steal at $15 dollars in this town. It's HUGE, and comes with fries. Also, one of the best french dip sandwiches I've ever had.This is a great place to eat on the strip that won't fleece you price wise, and has all the steakhouse classics done right.
3	I was here with a party of around 50 people .  They put us on the 3rd floor which was roomy and quiet.  The service was excellent.  The salads were fresh, but skimpy with the veggies, just lots of lettuce.  The vegetarian choice was pasta primavera, so, rather than having cream-drenched pasta, I ordered the tuna, which was fabulous- fresh, not overcooked, melt in your mouth tender, accompanied by the lightest Wasabi sauce.  Sides were creamed spinach (ok) and garlic mashed potatoes (average).   Dessert was a heavy cheesecake.  All in all, outstanding tuna, but the remainder was average at best.  Disappointing compared to the downtown Chicago Smith and Wollensky.  If someone else weren't buying, I don't think I would return.
2	Ate dinner here the other night and got the bone in ribeye and wollensky salad.  The salad was good, but ribeye had way too much fat and little taste.  You are much better off for the same money at delmonicos.  Overall, not impressive, won't be back.
5	Great service and the food was outstanding. For starters, we had the truffle Mac and Cheese, which was crazy good and also the whipped potatoes.I ordered the Filet Mignon Oscar and it was perfect.  So so soo good.  For desert, we shared the Apple Tart and it melted in my mouth.  Yum yum.This place is pricey but it's worth it to splurge sometimes.
5	Best meal I've ever had. Could have been drunk on the atmosphere- was in a private room with 50 friends on the third floor. Everything I had sang- calamari, flatbread, wedge salad, T-bone steak, creamed spinach, truffle mac and cheese, asparagus. Loved it. The group put the servers through hell, and they handled it with grace.
3	I've been to Smith & Wollensky in various cities across the USA and must admit I'm a fan so my review will have a certain bias! I either go for the Porterhouse or Fillet Mignon which is always cooked perfectly. The baked potato is fantastic as is their creamed spinach. The service is normally very good and unobtrusive but on this occasion I felt our waiter was a little pushy, for example he tried to steer us to bottle water rather than tap. Maybe it was a slow night for tips or something. The food as always was amazing so that didn't disappoint.At the end of the evening we went to the valet and asked them to order us a taxi, there were 6 of us. They immediately started to sell us on getting a limo which would be about the "same cost" as a normal taxi. We got guilted into accepting and paid $40 for a $15 cab ride. (Incidentally the driver then had the cheek to ask for a tip!) The driver immediately went into "sleazy Vegas cab driver" mode and started to try and get us to go to clubs, bars and even a strip club - where he will get referral fees I presume. This was totally unacceptable before you consider we were a mixed group. I would have given more stars but I felt the latter part of the evening sullied the dining experience.
5	My husband and I went this past December on a date night and had a blast. The night was started with cocktails and a huge bowl of mussels. I only had one dirty martini and it was as big as three. My husband had a filet trio with three 5oz filet prepared differently. I had a huge bone in aged Cajun rib eye It was cooked perfect at medium rare. It was one of the best dinners I had in a long time the service was great and the company of my husband made it perfect!
5	I ate at S&W with a bachelor party over St. Patrick's Day weekend and, although I was a little under the weather, had a terrific experience.  I cannot say enough for the service, which was above and beyond the call of duty in terms of attentiveness.  The food was great, as was the atmosphere.  Thanks very much (once again) to the restaurant staff.
5	the last time i was here 4 years ago i was still eating meat, and i fondly remember how good it was so i just have to go back. we had a bottle of the Col Solare and i love how it's not too dry and not too sweet for a red wine. for the appetizer, we had the tuna on a himalayan salt block - perfect tuna sashimi texture, and i love how you rub each slice on the block for additional flavor/saltiness. for the main course i had the grilled salmon beurre blanc - the salmon and the mussels were very fresh, and the creamy wild mushroom risotto was very flavorful. our table also ordered the deconstructed rib eye and i was told it was fantastic also. our perfect dinner wouldnt be complete without dessert, so we ordered the 6 flavor sorbet shooters (strawberry, vanilla, chocolate, raspberry, coconut, and mango), and the coconut cake (im not a coconut fan but this one is very subtle, not too sweet, very refreshing). The manager, William Wilson, was very friendly and warm and attended to our whole dining experience. I recommend this place to all my friends. Very happy and satisfied customer here. :)
4	A bit of a down grade to report.  Not sure if there is new management in the last six months.  You have to be on your toes to make sure the waiters do not offers wines that are very very high priced.  We were offered a wine, sold as a special price, was not told of its high price or given a wine list to confirm pricing.  Vegas restaurants know people are tired or tipsy or just out of it from the experiences.  And the bill came it - highest I ever paid in my life.  That being said, the meats seem to have improved, very nice cuts, well marbled.  We are happy with the rest of the dinner and dining experience.  Just watch those waiters, there not your friends.
1	What a waste of money. Me and six other guys went here the other night. We called ahead and were told that we had a table reserved. When we arrived, we were told that there were no tables available and that the hostess just wanted us to come and wait. Fortunately, there were tables outside available after a few minutes wait.Our waiter, who didn't come to our table for 5 minutes or so, gave us our menus and walked away. When he came back again, he said, "Did you guys already order drinks?" We hadn't. Isn't it his job to ask for our drink orders? So we order drinks. He forgets two of them. It takes him another 10 minutes, roughly, to get back to our table and take our order. Basically, the entire night, our waiter paid us very little attention. Our food was mediocre. When you are paying $50 per entree with everything else a la carte, your food better be effing spectacular. It wasn't. I got the filet, oscar style, which was $51, plus two sides, which were another $25.  My steak was overdone to the degree that I couldn't chew some of it. The mashed potatoes were good, but a small portion for $12. The asparagus was also good, but again, it was $12 for a two person portion.The reviews from the other six guys were very similar. The food was fine, but nothing special at those prices. For the seven of us, the bill came to $575. I wouldn't go back. It is WAY overpriced for the quality and service we got that night.
5	My wife brought me here for my 40th birthday dinner, and... it was really, really, good.  I've been to a fair amount of steakhouses, and Smith & Wollensky is about as good as it gets.  I'd been here once before, but it was quite as excellent the second time.Our server, Mark, was exactly as attentive as he should have been - which is a lot harder than it sounds.  It means he was there when we needed something, but he also wasn't hovering over us while we were eating, asking "is everything okay?"I also have to give him credit for suggesting the truffled mac and cheese, which is incredible and almost certainly a lot better than the whipped potatoes I'd been planning to order as a side.  I can see why, as Mark noted, people come back just for this dish.  I could certainly see just sitting at the bar with a dish of that mac and cheese and a martini and then going home happy and fulfilled.But of course where the rubber meets the road with steakhouses is whether the steak is good or not.  And the answer at Smith & Wollensky is:  Heck yeah.  If you don't like them grilled at blazing heat to produce a dark sear on the outside, you won't like it, but if you do, if you like that char, then you definitely will like this place.  The meat itself is obviously high quality, at least as high as you would get at any other high-end steakhouse.
3	Yes, its a chain but I don't usually come here for the steak or food as we have a few of them in Chicago.  I come for the dirty martini's and chilled Manhattans.  They know how to make them and how to make them consistently.  I've heard their food is good too.
5	One of my favorite places in town when I can afford it. Luckily I didn't have to pay for this meal! hahaSat in the bar area as the dining room is a bit too formal for my liking.Ordered the Wollensky Burger and its still one of the best burgers in town to me. A classic done right and simple. Bacon, cheese, lettuce on a pretzel bun. Delicious.Everyone seemed to enjoy their respective dishes. Some sides we had were fries, onion rings and the deliciously amazing Truffled Mac and Cheese.Wish they had a few more beers on tap, but the Alaskan Ale was pretty good. Great staff, clean restrooms and great food. Can't beat that!
5	I had the BEST time here!To eat I had the sirloin and a baked potato.  I only had room for the steak so I bagged up the potato and all the fixings and gnawed on it the next morning when I woke up hungover.  The potato was the best I've ever had in my life but that may have something to do with the condition I was in because it was cold and from the night before.  The steak.... I was a little disappointed, I want a $40 steak to knock my socks off but it tasted like something I could have made on my grill.The service was amazing, really, I walked in with a six pack of Stella and they put them in the fridge for me.
5	Good food. Amazing service as always!A bit high on the prices, but fair in value, you get what you pay for hereOne of our favorites
5	5 stars and a 40% tip. It was that good.Smith & Wollensky was the decided restaurant for dinner for a friend's bachelorette party before a night out of club crawling. I mentioned to the host that we needed to be somewhere by 9:30pm. He completely respected my wishes to keep this a secret from the Bachelorette and guaranteed me that we could be out by 9pm. As we left, the host was also helpful in helping us grab a taxicab. BOTTOM LINE IS: The service was absolutely phenomenal. Every wait staff was very friendly, our bill was split with no questions asked, the waiter offered to take a group picture of us, politely reminded us that we should order soon so we get out of their in time, water was filled regularly, as well as being checked up on regularly, AND we received free shots for the party. The ribeyes were cooked perfectly - succulent and juicy. The truffle mac & cheese was to die for. The rosemary bread provided at the table was a great start to the meal.
5	Just had $15 burger on $9 special, plus green beans with spicy cashews with gorgonzola cheese.  These were among the BEST I've ever had.  We'll be back tomorrow! Even at regular price, 12 oz burger is enough to share. Beef ground on premises from good cuts, perfectly cooked to your specification. Friendly, efficient, thoughtful service. Great burger and fries, very fairly-priced for generous portions High-quality ingredients well-prepared, especially for deal on the special. Check the hours too- it was definitely open for lunch today, not just dinner hours.
5	Love S&W steaks. Awesome. And the service is excellent as well.
4	Second time at the same S & W.  Scallops app' was outstanding.  Ordered the filet,  medium, it came out more to the well side.  Still tasty, but at $48 a steak, you expect perfection!!!  Great old school atmosphere!! Class all the way!  Pop's at the bar is the main attraction at this joint, great personality and very helpful! Would definitely go back.
3	Average steak, average location, average atmosphere. We had crab cakes and tuna sashimi on Himalayan pink salt block with microgreens as appetizers. They were delicious. However, the fillet mignon we ordered came out overly embellished with blue cheese and liquid reductions. Amidst of all the details, the steak disappeared. One shining moment here was the politeness and pleasantness of the waiter who was very accomodating.
5	We were in Vegas last weekend and I had read the reviews of the steak dinners and the hamburger reviews stuck in my mind. We walked by the sign for $9 lunch burger special 2x while walking the week on the strip, and on the last day (8/6) after feeling severely hung over decided a burger was what we needed.   I have got to tell you this is one of the best deals around, it was unbelievable. We walked off the 105 degree strip into the lush air-conditioned restaurant and sat at the bar. $4 draft fosters were as good as you can get if your not at a casino bar. The burger was huge with bacon and cheese of your choice. It was so juicy I got a drip on my lap so lean over when you bite. The super nice bartender girl told us the meat is entirely ground from steak so no wonder it tasted this good.  The $9 lunch burger special is only during the slower non convention busy season (hello isn't summer busy enough?) so snap this up!  (side note, this awesome lunch of burgers for two and a few like 5 beers was cheaper than the crappy breakfast we had at the PBR cafe the day before, better ways to spend $60 in Vegas)
4	Excellent old school steakhouse on the strip. Pricey, but worth the occasionally treat. Truffle Mac and cheese and creamed spinach is very good
2	Nice place and atmosphere. I had the ribeye. It was over cooked. Also tasted a bit off. I should have sent it  ack but had a show to catch. I actually became sick later night and ruined part of our vacation. My wife had the filet. She said it was just ok.
5	When I want a great steak, we always head to Smith and Wollensky. Sure it cots more than most eateries but well worth the money. The service has always been really good and the servers are definitely knowledgable. My 2 favorite times of the year are wine week when I get ten different wines and all I could possibly consume for $10 with a lunch entree. now thats livin
5	I live in a Foodie town, and sometimes while I'm in Vegas I never seem to find anything that great unless I eat at an expensive restaurant. So when I do make that choice to eat expensively I go to Smith and Wollensky...mouth is salivating now thinking about their steak with gorgonzola cheese baked on top....I love eating here and make a point of stopping by every time I'm in Vegas. You just can't pass up a good steak...
5	My first impression of S&W was love at first sight.  A steak house that does not pretend to be anything other than a steak house.  I was with a large group of co wokers 11 total.  Smith allocated one full time waiter and one that helped plus a bus boy.  The first clue of what I was in for is when the seafood appitizers came out.  Two huge platters of shrimp, lobster, oysters, crab.  The food was fantastic and was perfection personified.  At this point I knew I would not be able to eat my salad.  I asked the waiter if it was possible to cancel the salad.  He did with no problems.  Mrs K. ordered and kept her salad.  She had a wedge salad.  It was typical ingredients of a wedge blue cheese bacon and other stuff.  What makes this notable was the bacon.  True huge chunks of bacon a size I have never seen before.  While Mrs. K was gone from the table I tasted the bacon.  wow!  For the meal I ordered no sides but others around me did.  All sides are enough for 2 people easy.  What caught my eye was the Truffe Mac and Cheese.  Looked great but alas no taste for me. My steak was something I normally do not get which is a fillet.  It just seemed to be the right size for the meal we were having and it had a topping of gargonzola cheese.  Each bite was just a slice of heaven.  Cooked per my request and served while still hot.  Good Job!!While I did not have any dessert I did see their version of a slice of chocolate cake.  Slice is not a proper term.  It was more like 1/4 of a cake.  All people who had the desert loved it.  funny how everyone says they are so full and cannot eat another bite but all the dessert was gone.
5	I am a carnivore. This place has ruined me to eat rib eye's at other restaurants. I had the 28 oz medium rare and lets say I could have beaten a saber tooth tiger for it. It was delicious as was the wine recommended by our waiter. The asparagus was cooked perfectly (ok I only had 2 stalks) and then for desert we had the biggest chocolate cake in the world. Can't wait to go back!
2	S&W has always been a favorite. We always attend several wine week days and this year was no exception.Our orders on Monday were terrible. The Asparagus was cooked dead and the Ribeye that was ordered rare came Medium. Other frequent guests experienced similar issues so apparently there is a problem with the kitchen that needs addressed
1	Waste of money!  Was there last night with hubby and shared a bone in New York.  It was fatty and tasteless.  The waiter brought the manager over but he didn't care and said the steaks are not trimmed.  That doesn't explain the lack of taste.  Hubby is from Kansas City so he knows good steaks.  This was not one of them and for $49 it should have been better.  Restaurant doesn't care about their customers and we won't be back.  Unfortunately, this was our anniversary.  Hubby couldn't eat it.  Waiter was attentive and good.  Not his fault meat was terrible.
5	I love this place. The Wife and I have eaten here the last few times we've been to Vegas. This last time we ate there twice in two days. The experience is always the same: top notch.Steaks are great, they know their way around a cow. Bone-in filet is stunning.Don't leave without sharing the mac and cheese. I didn't know what truffle oil tasted like until I had this mac and cheese. You'll have dreams about this mac and cheese after you go to bed the night (morning?) after eating it.Service is always astounding. Being Vegas, there are a fair amount of tourists coming in and out of any restaurant on the strip. My wife and I show up for lunch in our tourist rags, sweaty, probably looking like hell. But the service always is the same. Classy, respectful, attentive and amiable. The staff here are true professionals.
5	I loved the food it's for older crowed but steak was great service is amazing
2	Appetizers are amazing. Cocktail shrimp is a must try! Side dishes are also good choice. Two star due to the steak, Have had better for half the price.
4	Had a very nice lunch here this week.  Beautiful quality butcher burger and fries.  Waiter was excellent.  Would eat here again in a heart beat.
5	What an AMAZING place to have a quality fine dining steakhouse experience! This restaurant is one of my all time favorites and a requirement for my travels to Las Vegas. Only downfall is they don't have a location in Souther California!! Occasionally you might see some Las Vegas elite and celebs dining next to you. Just don't disturb them; they need their privacy too!
2	Please save your self the money and go somewhere else.  There are much better high-end steak houses in Vegas,  went with a large party and the food was just average at five star prices.  Three people in our party steaks where undercooked and they argued with us like we wanted something for free.  This chain has struggled for years and it is not hard to see why;  the steak should be of prime quality and you should know how to cook at the proper temps.   My guess is they think the it is the economy is making for tough times for this chain and not that they don't know how to run a good steak house.  Got a tip for upper management, go to Gibson's in Chicago and eat there and get your pointers from them and you will see what sets them apart from your chain.  Gibson's has lines out the door and people waiting to eat at a huge restaurant.  It seems as though your company is following Texas Road House but charging five star prices.  We had a group of 10 and the price was over $2,000 which we are happy to pay...we only want the experience that should go along with that price tag!Update on how they treat people 1/26/13:An Italian tourist forgot his wallet and landed in jail. Ok, he actually forgot his wallet after ordering $208 worth of food at high-end New York steakhouse, Smith & Wollensky. When he realized his mistake, Graziano Graziussi offered to leave his iPhone as collateral. Then he asked a busboy to accompany him to his hotel to get the money. However, the Steakhouse still called the cops. Probably, yelling something like "...if you wanted compromise you should have eaten at Applebees!"This article is real and posted to support that this company really needs better leadership as they think the customer is the enemy that is somehow trying to get something for free!They should be out of business in no time!
4	Good food all around. I had the filet mignon in a foie gras and mushroom reduction. Made it more special that foie gras is banned in California. The service was up to standard. Worth noting that the restaurant has parking in the back. Take the second driveway as the first driveway is a paid lot for the movie theaters.
2	I have to admit that I was really looking forward to our Christmas Dinner with one of our large suppliers and I suggested the location of S&W.I was quite excited for sure! we had a party of 11 people with spouses. The experience was good overall, the food has taken a major dive in my humble opinion. Our appetizers were over cooked, my wife's steak was just dreadful and the sides were not good at all. The service was good and comped some of the dishes and my wife's meal, thank you.I am just very disappointed with the level of food quality for the prices they charge. Not a good experience at all tonight.
2	Aware that this is an amazing steakhouse, I recently had a very disappointing experience.We were a party of four, celebrating a birthday in a top end restaurant.  And too their credit, the mac and cheese side was about the best I have ever tried.  We also had a fillet and lobster combo which is highly recommended for those who like the ultimate surf and turf.I had the dry aged sirloin.  It was flavorful, but, about as tough as a steak could be, plenty of gristle, and not what I expected.   I ordered medium, and got it somewhere between rare and mid rare, not the end of the world, but, when you shell out $400 bucks plus for dinner for 4, one might have higher expectations.The server was very friendly, however, didn't appear to have time deal with us.  His insight and suggestions were helpful, but, the service was very slow.  We sat at 6:30 thinking we would be done by 8, and and left about 9:15.They did provide a complimentary chocolate cake for the birthday.  We only ate a bite or two while waiting 20 minutes or more for the other dessert to arrive.  When the other dessert arrived, the barely eaten chocolate cake was snatched away from us before we even noticed what happened.  Apparently the waiter assumed we didn't want it  because it hadn't been devoured. I don't think this is a bad place, it was probably just a bad night for us to be there.
5	Best meal I've had in my life!!! The bread was nice and fluffy. The whipped potatoes were my favorite. The mussels REALLY hit the spot. Absolutely delicious sauce and the bread they serve with that goes hand and hand. My first bite of the bone in  rib eye tasted like heaven. Definitely going back ASAP!
4	Best filet mignon ever! I have never had a steak that was that good, sure it's expensive but well worth it! My girlfriend had a dish with chicken(who cares,jk) which was good as well but i'm a steak guy! 4 stars because the service lacked a little bit, I would understand if they were extremely busy but they weren't. Too bad I live 8hrs away from Las Vegas.
4	We've been eating at S&W since before we moved to Vegas.  I always get the bone-in ribeye, which is dry aged, my preferred method for aging steaks.  It always has a nice char to it, and is cooked perfectly.  Never had to consider sending a steak back at S&W.  The crabcakes to start are solid, but not overwhelming.  My wife is a fan of the heirloom tomatoes.  We always get the truffled mac n cheese as a side.  The truffle flavor comes through but doesn't overwhelm the cheese.  Everyone I've spoken to who has had this dish loved it.  The wild mushrooms and onion rings have also been successful side dishes in dinners past. They have several ways you can order a filet, which is not something a lot of other places offer.  Take advantage.The bar is fantastic, a great classic bar with excellent service.  Good wine list, not the best on the strip but certainly not the worst.  Do yourself a favor and arrive early to enjoy the bar.We will come back to S&W, we always do...
4	I have been to this and other S&W restaurants -- and generally have a great meal every time I go.The Las Vegas S&W reminds me of the more famous location in New York City, but is less cramped.  The service is very attentive and the food is very good.I definitely recommend the tuffled mac and cheese as a side.  I am not a big fan of the Wollensky salad -- which is very salty.All in all, this is a very nice restaurant worthy of its reputation.  The prices are high, but you don't come to S&W for a bargain, you come for an experience.
3	Meat was overcooked -- if you like medium rare, try rare...our medium rare cuts were all mediums or well-done.
3	The food is decent enough but for the money, go to hanks or del friscos.
3	I've been here a couple times while in Vegas.  I've had a great meal and an "OK" meal.  The "OK" meal was closer to the end of the night so maybe go earlier?  I also drank a lot more during the meal I remember as being great - 3 stars is a safe bet.
3	Too much garlic in the creamed spinach.
5	We came here for Valentine's Day and it was outstanding. Everything was delicious and the service was impeccable. Joon and his staff made this a very memorable evening for us. Highly recommended!
5	Mac N Cheese was the bomb!!!! Price was up there but you get what you pay for!
4	Great bartenders and steak - had the chicken here one night this week and it wasn't that great - still live this place - the filet I had four days ago was superb and their mashed potatoes are outstnading - Also get the bread if you're having dinner as it is sensational - good lettuce wedge salad with bacon
5	I've been to this Smith & Wollensky in the past & I would've rated them 5 stars for a family style dinner I had with a group of about 20 people a few years back. But on this occasion it was Thanksgiving Dinner date. Smith & Wollensky did not disappoint. 5 stars (or circles) againThey had a nice little Prix Fixe spread for $50 per person. Worth every penny! Soup & salad, deliciously juicy turkey slices (both white & dark meat) with all the fixings (carrots, potatoes, stuffing, etc...) and choice of desert. Far too much food for me & my girlfriend to finish, though we really did try. The service was top notch. You would think on Thanksgiving that people who had to work would have a bit of a chip on their shoulder, but no. Everyone had a smile on their face & was more than accommodating. I think about 3 or 4 different people came to check in to see if we were doing all right. And respectfully in between courses so I didn't have to answer with a full mouth for once.In the past, the steak here has been tender & juicy. This time around the turkey was more of the same. At $50 per person, if they have a holiday prix fixe menu, I would undoubtedly recommend it. For just their regular dinner menu, on the whole it leans slightly towards the pricey side. But the bottom line is you're getting a great meal.Visited November 2012
3	03/11/13-03/15/13 LUNCHDURING WINE WEEK.NOTE: THIS REVIEW HAS BEEN UPDATED WITH THE LAST 3 DAYS OF DINING.The DOs and DON'Ts of lunches @ Smith & Wollensky.DO's- Lobster bisque. Lovely sherry flavor, lots of bits of lobster, very nice.- Mussels. Wonderful.- Wedge salad. Classic.- Wollensky salad. This was a surprise. Quite good, altho lettuce could be a better choice. The bacon lardons and potato "croutons" were nice.- Foie gras burger.- Lobster BLT, altho not the best priced item to order ($25).- Steak sandwich. Split this and the Lobster BLT with spouse, we both thought this sandwich was a better deal than the Lobster.- Swordfish in cracked pepper crust w/ veal jus. This was interesting. The fish is a little overwhelmed by the massive amounts of pepper used in this dish, however, unbelievably a bit of this with the Chardonnay they served that day during Wine Week (one of the few that wasn't simply an oak bomb) was heavenly.- Salmon w/ risotto & smoked tomato sauce. This worked wonderfully. My fave main dish of the week.- Deconstructed Beef Wellington, ONLY offered on the Restaurant Week lunch menu. Even tho it came looking rather unattractive (lots of brown!), and it had the foie gras and mushroom duxelles in separate "patties", it tasted great. BUT MAKE SURE YOU SPECIFY TEMPERATURE, THEY WON'T ASK! Luckily it was medium rare, I prefer rare, but medium rare is fine for me, too.- Truffle mac & cheese. Perhaps the best side item on the entire menu. NOW, REGARDING THE CONTROVERSY RE: TRUFFLE OIL. Yes, I know, truffle oil is not truffles, it's chemically induced. BUT added to a cheese item such as this, and a price point easily accessible by the "rest of us" (ie dwindling middle class), I'm not going to complain. It went beautifully with the Pinot Noirs during wine week, I'm happy. And who can afford true black and especially white truffles these days? So if you're monied enough to complain about lack of real truffles, eat elsewhere.- Haricot verts w/ spiced cashews & mild gorgonzola cheese. After a week of hearty, rich dishes, this was a breath of fresh air. Lightest dish in the sides, I'd order this again. So refreshing.- Chocolate cake. Last time I had this, 6+ months ago, I wasn't as impressed. This time, it was really good, but you MUST share, it's the size of a small boat.- Coconut cake.- Carrot cake.DON'Ts- Club soda. $4 for a tiny bottle brought to the table. Not even poured for you!- Buffalo mozzerela & tomato salad. This was good, but I've made better myself with ingredients at the Downtown Las Vegas Farmers' Market.- Split pea soup. Thin, weak, sad.- Dry aged prime t-bone steak. I hate to put this on the DON'Ts, but I must. I ordered it rare, it didn't have much flavor, and was rather tough. I'm glad I didn't pay full price ($40+), I got it for a deal (basically $20 during the Restaurant Week, a one-day-only offer). Perhaps they were trying to get rid of them?- DON'T order ANY dish that has lovely, large looks-like-diver scallops. The kitchen will always send them out so overcooked it will break your heart. Even that "scallop & sliced prime beef" dish you see at the top right of the menu. It had an interesting blue cheese fondue, and some of that beef, scallop & sauce combined worked well (strange as that might sound), but the 8 or more large scallops had the consistency of rocks. Very sad.PS Service can be spotty. First day this week, rather blase'. Rest of the week, good to great service.
4	I'm the girl that goes to a Steakhouse and orders the pan seared Salmon, but it was Delicious! I attended for Restaurant Week here in Las Vegas and the entire 2.5 hour experience was great. The staff was attentive and fun. The icing on the cake was their homemade whip cream, which I got a second helping of for my chocolate cake.The servers entertained us with stories and a few jokes while staying very professional. I will definitely go back! Bonus: The carrot cake and coconut cake are amazing as well.
4	My first stop of Restaurant Week 2013 and my one out of two, unfortunately. *clown tear*Well my friends and I had reservations for 6 PM, which must be right before S&W gets all their reservations typically because when I walked in expecting to see a bustling restaurant crickets were chirping instead. However, when we walked out around 8:15 PM, the place was packed. The interior is old-school steakhouse, dim lighting, etc. It's like 1910 elegance, you know, before the stock market crashed and people stood in line for a piece of bread. The plush, cushy chairs are perfect for sitting back and stuffing your face with indulgent food and delicious steaks.Our server was cordial and had a light sense of humor. I have a feeling since we were a group of young ladies his demeanor was a tad different from what he would have presented had we been three businessmen. Of course, that's not a problem for the waitstaff to be versatile. Food - I ordered off the RW menu, a fixed price of $40 (and some change). I received the Wollensky Salad - a salad with crisp romaine lettuce, served with warm, large chunks of bacon and mushrooms. Also - tomatoes.. um, two tomatoes to be exact. Is there a problem with tomatoes lately? Seems as though they appear sparser and sparser in my salads at restaurants. The salad was good, and filling. Deconstructed Beef Wellington with Foie Gras. (Originally $42). This meal comes out very simplistic on a large white plate. Along with the meat you receive three slender carrots and three slender asparagus. The meat is cooked medium-rare, which I said yes to because I have never had beef wellington so I decided to go with the recommendation. The "deconstruction" part is the fact that the beef wellington is served differently than normal, but with all the elements still there. The meat is cut up, the foie gras is not wrapped around all of the meat, and the puff pastry is on the bottom of the meat, more like a platter than a wrapper, which is what is normal. Overall I enjoyed the dish, the meat was simply divine and I did not have a chewy bit. I did run into a few bits of overcooked foie gras, being that it was a bit crunchy. Typically I do not eat my meat medium rare and I found the fact that the meal came out much cooler than I'm used to a bit strange at first, but perhaps something I can stomach when eating a beef wellington in the future.Chocolate cake - chocolate meh. I wasn't impressed. I've had much better cake elsewhere, but obviously desserts is not their forte. Skip dessert, go somewhere else after your meal. Or just have another cocktail instead.Cocktails - I had two of the same, something called  French martini. Very girly and pink. Swirly, swirly! I liked it, no complaints.Sides (not included on RW Menu) - We decided to get two sides to share between the three of us. We went for the truffled mac n cheese and the mushrooms. Mushrooms to me were all right. But since I had had mushrooms on my salad and I had mushrooms with the beef wellington I only had a spoonful of them. The mac and cheese though - heaven! Perfectly creamy, just enough of a breading on top for a crunch, and just straight up gooey goodness that is sooo bad for you, but it's soooo good. For the RW 2013 S&W gets a 4-star rating. Now, would I return to pay full price? Yes, I think I would. I also like that they have a lunch menu, something I would love to explore. Also, currently when you check-in with Yelp you can receive a deal, so that is always a plus for us Yelpers!Good job S&W and thank you for a fabulous meal.
5	This is by far one of my favorite restaurants! I dream of this place everytime I go to Vegas! The environment is clean and classy. The waiters have amazing customer service! They do accomodate groups. And they have the best Alaskin King Crab Legs that are humungous and melt in your mouth and come cracked already for you =D
4	This place is awesome! My uncle and I went here this week for Las Vegas 2013 Restaurant Week. We had reservations for 8pm but had to wait about ten minutes for a table. During this time we went to the bar and got a drink. He got a jack and coke and I got pink moscato-very good. We sat in the back of the restaurant-I didn't realize how big the restaurant is! From the outside it looks smaller. Once we sat down we received our menus. I feel that this deal for restaurant week is the best. For $40.13 you get three courses ($10 more if you order the filet for the second course) You also get this amazing bread! It is cooked inside a pan and is fresh. For the first course I got the Wollensky salad. I really liked it. It came with potato croutons and bacon which really made the salad. For my second course I got the deconstructed Beef Wellington. It was sooo good! It doesn't look like your normal beef Wellington which made it unique. My Uncle got the coffee and cocoa rubbed filet which I tried as well. Even though it sounds like a weird combo it wasn't at all. It tasted delicious. If you are to get a filet here I would recommend that one. Then for dessert I got the Coconut Cake with the passion fruit sauce and my uncle got the chocolate cake with chocolate ganache and we split both of them. Both were great because dessert is always good in my book but my favorite was the Coconut Cake. The passion fruit sauce made it so fruity and tasty. I would definitely want to come back here another time.  Great service and great food. :)
4	I go to this place a couple times a year for its wine week event. Staff is excellent. We've always been treated well here. The food is a bit more than we'd normally spend but everything is good. It's fun to sit on the patio as it's right on the strip so great for people watching. My favorite food here is the mac and cheese as others have said - it's just so yummy and 1 side is enough for 2-4 to share.
1	Spring Restaurant Week 2013 review.This place was a nightmare to get into, not one person crossing the driveway would let me through, so when I finally got through I was happy they had valet. This was my first time eating here, so I had no expectations, only thing I knew about this place was the Beef Wellington they're known for. When we were seated the first thing I noticed was the wainscoting had old food particles all over it. Disgusting. It appeared no one has wiped down the area in years. I had to scoot away because I didn't want someone else's food from last year on my arm. For dinner, I started out with the Wollensky Salad, this was soaked in salad dressing, there was a pile of it at the bottom of the dish, I love a good salad and this was nothing special. I tried the Deconstructed Beef Wellington, I ordered it medium well and it came out tartare, it was bright red in the middle, all the way through. I have a huge fear of returning food, so I tried my best to eat this but just could not get it down. It was smothered in foie gras & mushrooms. So overwhelming. Ended it with the coconut cake, I took 2 bites and was done. It tasted old like it had been made days before. This was by far the most disappointing Restaurant Week meal I had. I would never return.
5	Excellent all the way. We were tired and had to be at a show in an hour. The wait staff was amazing. Professional and got us in and out to make our show in plenty of time without compromising a thing. Steaks were cooked to perfection. They have a burger special that is a great price and burgers were the real deal. Appetizers were also worth every penny.
3	The food was good, the alcohol was good, the wait and the service were subpar...
3	We've been to S & W's in multiple cities for years. This is the first time we've been somewhat disappointed. Our waiter acted as if we were an inconvenience to him.  In fact , he was a smug character. This place didn't deliver the usual S & W  experience.  I do know that the various restaurants have been sold off, and only the flagship Manhattan location remains a true S & W. I think it shows a bit with this Las Vegas restaurant.
4	Have to write a review on my last visit to the B AND G side. I have to admit it has been hit and miss on the restaurant side, but my last two visits to the B and G side were spot on. This place is perfect for a casual business dinner or for a couple guys hanging out for a meal. I had the wedge, scallops and truffle mac and cheese and of course the creamed spinach. As you can see not too adventurous. The scallops did have a little steakhouse flair, which was good. Just love the place, location, ambiance, service, wine selection and the food.Hope you try it some time.
5	UN-FRIGGIN-FLIPPIN-BELIEVABLE!Two words:  Chef's Table.Three more words:  Chilled Seafood Platter.  As Ferris Bueller said, "If you have the means, I highly recommend picking one up."I ate here on Friday, and it is  now Tuesday, and I am still afraid to check my credit card statement.  Whatever.  This place is fantastic.  I have never in my life seen a seafood platter as stacked as this one.  I stuck with a seafood theme all night and rocked some calamari and then scallops for dinner.  We had the best waiter (Brad) who treated us like royalty and put up with our stupid jokes.I cannot recommend this place highly enough.Aw yeah!
5	If you're looking for a perfect slab of moo cow cooked perfectly to order, then you have arrived in the right place.  No small detail is ignored.  We brought our own special magnum of bubbly from our home collection, and the server had it in a silver ice bucket with a napkin swaddling the top within seconds.  Our party of 3 started with a half dozen oysters, and each of us received individual oyster dressing plates complete with red wine vinegar, tartar, cocktail sauces, and half a lemon covered in mesh netting to catch any seeds.  The Baby Heirloom Tomato, Mozzarella, and Arugula Salad was light and bursting with flavor.  For the main course I had their Deconstructed Beef Wellington topped with Foie Gras & Wild Mushrooms with roasted vegetables.  This dish was rich and decadently meaty with a light puff pastry under the steak.  My friends who both opted for the Filet Mignon were both jealous over this dish.We were doing the Spring Restaurant Week, so dessert was included.  Dessert was a choice of coconut or chocolate cake.  They call it a slice of cake, but it is one more hunka chunka cake.  I would have loved to eaten it with the meal, but it just wasn't possible, so they happily boxed the cakes up for us to take home.
4	Came here for a corporate meeting so they had opened the restaurant specifically for us. It is typically only open for dinner on Fri and Sat night but our meeting started at 2:00p.The craziest thing is I would have never known this place was even here since it stuck between huge buildings/casinos.It was prix fixe with the usual choices: Steak, Chicken and Fish.They bring great warm bread to the table.I decided on going with the Pan Seared Salmon dish with mushroom risotto in a tomato sauce. The salmon was cooked okay but the risotto was great.They also serve the sides family style so we got the truffled mac and cheese along with the roasted asparagus.Overall it was a good dinner especially for a big corporate event for over 50+ people. I'm sure it can only get better during a private dinner out.Happy Eating !!!
5	A couple of us were down on the strip in the afternoon and stopped in for lunch. They have a cool patio that faces the strip. You can just sit and watch the show of crazies go by. I was impressed with the burger and more impressed with the price. Ten bucks for a burger on the strip!
4	First off, we went just for the Mac and Cheese because we heard so much about it! Winner, winner, chicken dinner! The Mac and Cheese is da bomb! How for the steak, I had a peppered steak and it was a little hot, but it was still damn good. I will be returning to this place again!
4	Awesome filet mignon with cajun seasoning with amazing corn side that was really good!They make a mean steak.And would gladly return for more!Service was great.
5	One of my favorite lunch spots. Excellent service. Eat here at least once every trip. Love the pretzel bread.
3	Coffee coco rub was outstanding. Service was OK.  Dining room was loud, no background music- tables so close you feel like you can't have a private conversation.
1	Started great but after the waiter took my credit card and tipped himself $10.00 more than I wrote, only to find out a few days later when I get home. I expected more from a fancy restaurant like smith and wolensky. So not impressed.My steak was over cooked and my drink order was messed up.
5	Went here for a Bachelor party over the weekend and the only thing better than the food here is the service! Mario was our waiter and did a fantastic job... going above and beyond the service I've received anywhere else. The soups and salads are delicious and the steaks are out of this world amazing. If you're looking for a great steak place right on the strip, you've got to check this place out!
5	If you like USDA Prime dry-aged beef, this place is the only place in LV. You like Ribeye? That's what I got. I've tried all the other places for you so no need to waste your cash trying them all like I did (you're welcome). There are others with fancier dining rooms but if you just care about the beef....eat here. Look, it's Prime and it's aged about 21 days and I'm guessing it's broiled over 1000 degrees. Onion rings are boss too. I'm not too picky on service but those guys are sharp. I dropped my fork and my waiter was at my table with a new one before I could look up and ask him for one.
2	This place is not worth your money, we were there for a bachelor's party and this was a joke. Only reason they got 2 stars instead of one is because service is decent and sides were good. As for the Steaks... The steaks were all in-consistent, a couple of filets were over salted, a couple of Rib Eyes bland one salty. I got the best part, I ordered a medium rare Ribeye and I got it med-well to well done, I asked for a replacement and got one raw in the middle with the outside tasting of gas. Quality of the meat, there is no way they are dry aging prime rib-eyes, the steak flavor was not there nor the moisture/fat in the meat. I would take a Choice cut from costco over coming here again. This was more in comparison to a select cut from a supermarket. Only saving grace was good sides, mushrooms and mac and cheese was good.
5	Best steak ever!
3	The three stars are all for food. The waiter looked like he was running for a marathon half the time and plates would sit on our table for an extended period with 10 people wondering around aimlessly. Then while we are eating, the waiter had picked up the check from a table that left and the other asked how the tip was! Again, not a cheap restaurant and you don't expect that kind of behavior. The topper was when my coffee came it was cold. Food is good, the rest was poor.
2	So, today, my parents were going to a wine tasting that was being held here. This restaurant has a 'valet', but because I wasn't valeting, I went around the parked car, to go into the lot to drop off my parents.One of the valet guys started running after my car, and screaming..... Yes, screaming at us.I rolled down my window and asked if there was a problem... He very rudely stated that I needed to valet my car and demanded that we do so. My mom and I then explained to him that I was just dropping off my parents. He then told us that he was just "doing his job".Hire a more classy valet. Who runs and screams after a car.... ? I wasn't even going that fast.Zero stars for the valet, and his attitude.Buy my parents said they had a lot of fun at the event.
4	I would like to thank Brian Halfhill with Smith and Wollensky.  I came to the Vegas resteraunt and did not have the best experience.  I then moved back to Texas and Brian contacted me and told me he would like for me to come to the Smith & Wollensky in Houston to make up for my experience.  The food was WONDERFUL and the service was GREAT!!  The manager and server were super friendly.  I wish all servers were like that.  I am glad that I tried Smith and Wollensky again because it was a wonderful experience.
2	We were told great things about this restaurant from a family member and thought we should make reservations for dinner during our stay in Las Vegas.Overall, our food was not worth the price tag. We asked our waiter for recommendations on wine, appetizers/salads, steaks, etc. His knowledge of the menu didn't seem to be what I was expecting and it seemed like he didn't know what the popular items at the restaurant were. Our salads were nothing over the top that we couldn't do ourselves. Honestly, every steakhouse I've had a salad or soup at is always one of a kind. Take it from someone who ate her fair share of steaks in the South! All of our steaks were overcooked from the temperature we asked for. Our wine was more dry and not as sweet as we had expected. I felt that our dessert might have been the only good part to our meal, which wasn't recommended by him, but we read through popular reviews. It was very disappointing to have the level of service that we did and I had hoped it would have been more accommodating to someone who was a vegetarian. I know what you're thinking, why would a vegetarian show up to a steakhouse. However, you'd be surprised how accommodating many are willing to be for someone who would like a little more than just a side dish. While I don't expect chefs to create a new meal, to make an added effort/detail to a side dish would have been nice. It also didn't help that our waiter seemed like he was rushing to close up our bill rather than having us enjoy a nice meal. Overall our experience, was a complete bust. We've experience better steakhouses in Vegas that have been much more accommodating and notable for their service and food. I definitely wouldn't recommend this steakhouse to people in the future.I felt the reason they should get one more star is for extra effort in the complimentary glass of prosecco they served us for our anniversaries and taking picture of us from my iphone.
5	We loved it. In fact, every time we have been to Smith and Wollensky we have had an exceptional experience.   We have always had excellent service and wonderful food.  This time, I would say though that the grilled asparagas was not the best. Either burnt or raw.  Probably would skip that.  The rest of the food and the service was better than expected. Every visit something memorable happens... this trip, we especially enjoyed the bartender who entertained us with great stories and lots of laughs while we waited to be seated.
3	I love the S&W in New York and I was extremely disappointed with my dish at this location. Customer service was nice, but the food wasn't great!
5	Happened to read about Smith & Wollensky's in the brochure on the flight, made a reservation for 7 on Yelp with OpenTable the next day (love this feature btw!) Although we read the attire was dressy, we showed up as casual and were treated like royalty. The service was AMAZING! Any questions we had our servers were more than happy to answer them. We ordered the creamed corn and truffled mac and cheese upon recommendation and were NOT disappointed! I, personally, ordered the long bone-in ribeye - it was to die for. Perfectly cooked, very well seasoned and I'm normally a picky steak eater. Everyone else in my party was more than satisfied with their order and our service. I would recommend this place to anyone. I had the best experience and would go here again. Let me put it this way, for our party 20% gratuity was already added into the bill (around $100) we left an additional tip we were so impressed!
5	Amazing! Pricey but well worth it. If you're a steak person this is the place. I had the Gorgonzola crusted filet and it was fantastic! Highly recommended for a nice evening out on the strip.
1	Man - what a disappointment! My So called PRIME Steak (and I Know Steak!) was marbled with Ligaments, Tendons and Fatty tissues that made it a disgusting nightmare.  All of the people at my table experienced the same thing! This is the absolute WORST experience I have ever had at a Prime Steakhouse, and I will not be back!We paid our bill in full, THEN approached the Manager - who said "well nobody else ever complains" - I mean WTF is that?????  I have never heard a response like this at any fine establishment, and I have been to Peter Luegeres, Charlie Palmers, Ruths Chris, Mortons, Nick and Stefs, Mastros, Flemings, etc.........She hands us a business card....and kind of blows it off. Well guess what.....I will be sure to tell every person I can about this experience.  The waitress was a sweetheart and did a great job overall. Too Bad we will never see her again! Paying $80 for a steak better deliver perfect results!!! period!
5	If you're in town and looking for the best overall steak, S&W is among the best. Take it from someone who has tried all these "fancy" casino steakhouses and from a former chef at one of the competitors. They all use USDA Prime (for the most part) but S&W actually has a butcher shop and their dry-aging room in their building. My waiter went so far as to take me up there and show me how they dry-age their beef. When I go to a new steakhouse I usually ask the waiter if they age their beef. If they say they "wet-age", I know that it will not be the same to me. A true steak connoisseur will know the difference and will keep coming back to S&W. Service is always excellent too!!!
2	Overrated, I first ordered bone-in ribeye steak, it tasted really bad, not seasoned at all. Then i returned it and got the fillet which was better. I dont recommend it if u are really into steak..
4	Very good steakhouse, came here in march and my filet was a tad but tastier that visit for some reason. The service was good. I would definitely recommend the Mac n cheese for a side. Next time I may try somewhere else for my steak dinner but would visit again.
5	OMG, if you haven't eaten here.. GO NOW. Steaks are to die for... and their sides? no words can describe! Creamed spinach was D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S and I had a great love affair with their whipped potatoes.
4	Spent a fortune but my bone in ribeye was perfect.
3	Steak with the boys!!  What a fitting way to end a Vegas man-cation.  Dry aged porterhouse, signature bone-in rib eye, and monsterous spiced rubbed long bone rib eye.  The most memorable steak was the long bone rib eye.  They basically serve the whole rib... all 3 feet of rib.  My medium rare rib eye was truly a medium rare and my buddy's medium was a medium.  Good job!  From all the hype, I believe the steaks were average for their higher end price.  Oversalted.  The steaks were good but not mind blowing.  Our sides were decent.  Service was excellent.  Our waiter was very attentive and ensured our water glasses were never empty.   The steak is the main reason why we came here, and sadly, it was only 3 stars worthy.
2	Huge disappointment. It saves us a trip to the strip-we will stick with Flemings. Filet was dry and the Ribeye was flavorless. Mac and Cheese was ok. Service was not up to par. The best part of the night was my Dark and Stormy.
5	Awesome foods. Filet Rossini with Foir Gras, Gorgonzola crusted Fillet Mignon, whole Maine lobster, dry-aged porterhouse sirloin, bone in NY sirloin...I miss those.
3	this is prob a GREAT place for a steak...I got chicken. That said, it was dry and rubbery and $31 on a bed of inconsistently cooked veggies (some overcooked and mushy, some still crunchy). The wait staff was very attentive.....(should be for $31 rubber chicken). Co-workers got steak and said it was great. The place was packed and VERY loud...granted, it was a busy conf week in Vegas, but hard to hear each other at all. Not a place I'd prob go back to--with so many excellent steak houses near the strip.
3	No complaints, good food. Not the best, but good. The shrimp and crab cocktail was the highlight of the night and we had a nice waiter.
4	We've been here twice, and we had a great experience both times. From the service to the bread to the wine to the steak, this restaurant is first class. No matter where we go in Vegas, I usually order steak, and this steak is hands-down my favorite. It is expensive, so know that going in and you'll have a fabulous time! I always eat waaaaayyyy too much and need a nap afterward!Note: They are known for their Cajun rub, but we did not enjoy that flavor at all. Stick with just a plain ol' steak... no need to get fancy :)Let me reiterate: Don't pass up the bread!
2	Eh! Overrated! We aren't dry aged type of meat eaters. It always tastes rotten to me... Sides are OK. Nothing to rave or return for here.
5	Well I have to be honest. I wasn't going to write a review about Smith & Wollensky's until visiting Fleming right after S&W. I have to say the S&W's steaks are far superior than Flemings. I ordered the Dry Aged Prime Rib-Eye at both places and I could instantly tell the S&W Rib-Eye was much better. It was more tender and perfectly cooked. The 28 day dry aging added the perfect flavor. The side dishes are also much larger portions at S&W. It's enough for two people to share compared to Flemings. And the Truffled Mac & Cheese is to die for. If you have the option of choosing, its hands down Smith & Wollenskys. Trust me!
5	So maybe I'm the last person in the world who has not been to Smith and Wollensky. I will admit part of me wanted to go because it was in the devil wears Prada. But seriously this is a great steakhouse. First of all it's restaurant week in Vegas my favorite two weeks in the year.  So for 40 bucks I got their split pea soup, a filet Oscar that's actually 10 bucks more and their famous coconut cake.  Let's start with the split pea soup. First of all I hate peas. So you would think that's an odd choice for a starter. But they're famous for it and I had to try it. Our waiter said it tasted more like pork to him then peas and he was right. They bring it in a silver container and they pour it into a bowl while at the same time pour fresh croutons on top of the soup.  It was great. Then the filet Oscar obviously comes with crab on top with hollandaise sauce and asparagus it was fantastic.  We ordered some sides and they were the truffle mac & cheese and the onion rings. When they say sides for two they mean sides for 2 to 4. Seriously these sides were humongous really nothing like the modern-day steakhouses which don't tend to give you as much.  This is like old school when it says since 1977 I'm willing to bet not a lot has changed but this is actually a good thing. The dishes are Kinda retro the portions are kinda retro and the food is kind of retro but it's all really comforting and good.   I was also additionally lucky that for four days they were doing a wine flight for 20 bucks that benefited the Cleveland clinic. Three fantastic wines for 20 bucks a French Rose a California Pinot Noir and a California cab.  Really one of the best deals in town but otherwise their wine list is pricey.   The coconut cake really is the star.  First the waiter tells us that it was on the best thing I ever ate on food network. It is really that good. Creamy and delicious. The service is impeccable we never wanted for anything.  I will definitely go back.
5	I know steak, take it on authority.  By far the best steakhouse in the United States is Smith and Wollensky.  Their wine selection is excellent, I recommend the 2006 Silver Oak Cabernet.  If you are in need of a steak in Las Vegas, make reservations, show up early and order the porterhouse.
4	This place reminds me one of those old-school NYC steakhouses where stockbrokers come in after a long day of work for a Manhattan and a great meal.  Decided to give this place a try during Winter Restaurant Week 2014.  The menu for the night was actually quite amazing--best part: three course dinner for the price of one!! Started out with Tomato Carpaccio and Burrata; followed by Filet Rossini; and the infamous Coconut Cake to end the meal.  Only complaint was the foie gras being a bit overcooked for my liking.  Nonetheless, everything else was delicious.Overall, Smith & Wollensky is definitely one of the better steakhouses in the city.  Great food and superb service.  Will definitely come back but not as much as I'd like to since the restaurant's regular menu is on the pricey side.
4	Every year, my buddies and I come to Vegas during the first weekend of March Madness.  And each year, we go to a high end steak place as our annual ritual. And every year, I get disappointed.  Until this year.  I really like this place.  As always, the only cut I get is the Ribeye.  Much better than a Filet Mignon.  The perfect amount of marbling gives you a more tender and flavorful cut.  And the only way to eat it is Medium Rare.  This place delivered.  I had the Cajun seasoned cut.  It was cooked perfectly and the spices were not overbearing but perfectly seasoned.  I hope I can convinced my buddies to repeat.  Biggest complaint from them was that the steaks were undercooked.  Big sissies.
5	This place exceeds expectations. That would be the best compliment I give a restaurant. This is my 4th trip to this particular location. Out of the 4 trips, I have had 2 very good meals and 2 memorable/outstanding meals. The first memorable meal was about 5 years ago. Just ordered the filet and 1 side. I ordered it medium rare and it came out crispy on the outside - i knew that it had been overcooked. But upon cutting into it, it was perfect and probably stands as my comparison to all other meals as to what a great steak should taste like.My second memorable meal was two weeks ago. I went with business associates so we were a little more liberal in our ordering. I had an Old Fashioned to start that was perfect. Then we ordered the seafood appetizer - remarkable. It had huge tasty shrimp, ridiculously large lump crabmeat, and lobster. Wonderful. Then the spinach salad which was unique, and incredibly tasteful, finished off with a filet and a couple of sides. When I come back to Vegas, I will come back to Smith & Wollensky
4	I had the Cajun marinated rib eye and thought it was phenomenal. As was the truffle Mac and cheese. Would recommend if your looking for a nice steak dinner and don't mind spending more money than usual.
5	My wife and I came in at around 2pm. We had mussels that were outrageously delicious. The burger I had basically took the whole cow to make, it could've fed 2 people easily. My wife's Mac and cheese was to die for. Our waiter Rudy was excellent and a pleasure to have as server. He was not at all over barring, and came to check on us at all the right times. He even brought a complementary cheese cake because he said we were a nice couple. I would recommend this restaurant, but specifically Rudy to any of my friends and family who would be visiting Las Vegas. Thanks to the entire staff for an amazing meal.
5	Every year we make a trip to Smith & Wollensky in Las Vegas. Usually we sit in the grill, but this year we chose the Chef's table. It was a special evening. I usually have a filet, but this time I tried the spice rubbed long bone rib eye. It was tasty, though I think I will go back to the filet next year. Others at the table had the coffee/cocoa rubbed filet, filet oscar and regular charbroiled filet. Our sides were truffle mac & cheese, asparagus and root veggies. Everything was outstanding. We had a couple of bottles of the S&W custom blended wine as well. Plus appetizers, salads - the works. The wait staff is outstanding and - from our view of the kitchen - found the kitchen staff to be professional and cool under pressure.
2	I agree with the previous reviewer that this place is done up like a NYC Style Steak House. It is well known in New York as the first new steak house that had opened in quite sometime.They got their name by picking the two names out of a phone book . The chain was founded by the founders of TGI Fridays, and there in lies the problem.In New York, if an establishment turns out a mediocre product, they are done. Not so in Las Vegas, where tourists are too excited to notice they are paying top dollar for sub par food and service,and this place is a good example. I've eaten here three times, and three strikes and you're out!One time I hosted a business function with 20 people. Some were from New York, and were truly disappointed. Two other times were intimate social occasions, and both times I was disappointed.On the last occasion, I ordered a rib eye. It was 95% fat. I told the waiter my steak had too much fat, he just said "Yes", and did nothing. When I complained to the manager, he offered to buy desert and drinks, but "the damage was done". Here's the bottom line; Smith & Wollensky is a Rich Man's Black Angus.Read my review of Del Frisco's.  It's not that NYC atmosphere, but you'll walk away with a better steak. Trust me!!
4	The seafood platter was great. Everyone loved the lobster, but my favorite was the crab. It was really dense and had an awesome texture. I don't recall having crab like that before. The cocktail sauce has a ton of horseradish kick! I went all out and got the bone marrow and harissa tomahawk rib eye. The steak itself was cooked well, but the marrow topping, and harissa didn't do much for it. I would have been just as happy without it. Overall pretty good meal.
3	The style is nice and the service was very pleasant but I was unimpressed with the food. I'd heard great things so was looking forward to a great experience. I got the salmon and just didn't want to eat much of it. The flavor wasn't there. The salad was strange since it came with huge chunks of ham. One was the size of half a deck of cards. Just weird. The hubs got a fillet and he said it tasted ok but had severe abdominal problems that night. My advice is to maybe look elsewhere although it could have been an off night.
5	The best kind of food is food you don't pay for and it's really nice when the meal you aren't paying for is expensive. But enough about me being treated to a nice meal, lets talk about the meal.Smith and Wollensky has a menu equal parts, steak, seafood and whiskey, which is my kind of place. My filet Oscar was topped with the perfect amount of crab  and was also cooked to perfection. It was hard to finish it because we started with a seafood sampler that had great lobster claws, crab cakes and jumbo shrimp. Easily one of the best meals I've ever eaten.The waitstaff was very attentive and friendly. They talked to us a bit about our reasons for being in town and it was beyond your normal patron and waiter banter.Another nice feature was this restaurant has a kitchen room where we were enclosed by glass. We could see the kitchen which was very cool. (It was clean by the way).Best bet: get the crab cakes in some way, shape or form. Also try the tremendous sides that are great for sharing. The macaroni and cheese was among the best I've ever eaten and the baked potatoes were the size of footballs. No exaggeration.
4	One of the best steaks I've had! The filet Oscar was cooked (medium) to perfection. It was a 10oz. portion topped with a generous amount of crab meat and asparagus in a creamy sauce. You really don't need any extra sides if you order this dish. It will be more than enough. However, the restaurant ambiance compared to other restaurants in Vegas or anywhere else was not that great...I guess it looked like an average "classic" steakhouse.
4	Great food and service.  Currently the best steak I've ever had, twice!  They are  consistent for sure!
2	The steak was poorly grilled. The white truffle mac & cheese was divine. The waiter was nice, but didn't know when to cut the chat, and let us eat.
4	This review is for 2 separate visits.The first time I went there I ordered the New York steak and it was really good.  Cooked perfectly with a nice charr.The second time I went there I ordered the Cocoa and Chili rubbed Filet Mignon which was pretty good.  The service is on par with this type of restaurant and the sides that we ordered were all average to above average.Truffle mac n cheese,  creamed spinach, onion rings, baked potato, sauteed mushrooms.The prices are also pretty much on par with the high end steak houses in Vegas.  My personal rankings would be something like - CarnevinoMastros Ocean ClubSmith and WolenskyStrip steakCraft steakCutGallagher'sI probably forgot a few but that would be my general ranking.
1	What a JOKE! The valet was incredibly rude to my friends and I. The interior is dated with zero ambiance. Looking for a good steakhouse? Try Tender at the Luxor.
5	I normally go for lunch because you get the same phenomenal food but in smaller portions.  Their truffle Mac and cheese is the only reason I come here.  It's the best in Vegas.  I like when they add lobster to their truffle Mac and cheese
3	I've been a steak and wine connoisseur and have been trying to eat every steak available in Vegas. This place sits right in the middle of the group.Pros: high quality meat, informative waitress, fast seatingCons: steak was cold when served, truffle Mac and cheese was just too creamy, asparagus was limp and not crunchy, fries were average and not worth the 11 bucks, we also asked them to reheat some of our kid's rare steak and they made it beyond well done. We just wanted it to be slightly warm and less red only for the kids. All in all, good service brought it to 3 stars. Otherwise the food was average at best. I could name at least 4 other steakhouses in this price range that makes way better food with the same high quality service.
4	The decor and restaurant are very nice. Wait staff was attentive and friendly. I gave it 4 stars just because while the food was good, I wasn't wowed with it for the price. Do try the place though.
4	Smith & Wollensky went on my list of steakhouses after a debut on The Travel Channel and The Devil Wears Prada.The hospitality was worthy of a 5 star. The manager offered our table of 11 a free round of drinks and continued to check on us throughout the night.  It doesn't stand apart from the other high end steakhouses.  Ruth's Chris and Mastro's are the same in quality and taste.It was a gorgeous tasting rib eye, a perfectly cooked medium rare steak. The ambiance was a little stuffy, with much older patrons.After a hefty bill, satisfaction peered through our protruding bellies.
5	I had heard good reviews prior to dining here, but my experience at Smith & Wollensky was above and beyond incredible. The server was entertaining and sociable without impeding on our dining experience, the food was unbelievable and the entire restaurant is impeccably clean and beautiful. The food was among the best I had ever eaten, and the dessert was unbelievable as well. Will definitely be coming back to Smith & Wollensky during my next trip to Las Vegas.
4	Right across the street from the Monte Carlo, where i was staying! Nice array of whiskeys and Scotch. George made me one of the best Old Fashioneds I've had in a while. Nice ambiance, one of the rare places in Vegas where you grab a relaxed drink in a Hemmingway kind of setting.
2	The sides are subpar.   Sent the fritto misto back.  Undercooked taste of flour. Too greasy.  Potato hash browns were odd shape.... too thick...overly mushy in the middle.  "Creamy corn with Manchego"....wasn't creamy.   The beef was of good quality but not unusually so.    When you consider the L.V. tourist pricing- this place isn't a good value.   It's overrated and overpriced.  Service was good.  Interior dated and tired.   If not for the ideal real estate they occupy on strip, I don't see it surviving in it's current format.
5	I come here every few weeks.  They do their own 28 day dry aging  on their 3rd floor.  Steaks are amongst the best in town.  Their side dishes are big enough for two people to share.  The truffled Mac n cheese is the best in town.  We like talking to the general manager Joon.  He is cool and very knowledgable .
3	Finally made it to smiths and wollenskys. As far back as I can remember this place was always on my top ten list when I would go to vegas. My wife took for Father's Day this Sunday. No wait went right it around 9. The valley was about to shut down for the night. We started of with a new dish to there menu but definitely not new to us tuna tartar, it was awesome really fresh nothing out of the ordinary in it.
5	This was my first Smith & Wollensky experience...and it didn't disappoint! As a last minute dinner decision, we were able to make a reservation on Open Table less than two hours ahead of time.  We arrived at the restaurant and were seated at a great little table in a private corner.  We were quickly greeted by our extremely attentive server who made the experience great!I had the Cocoa and Chili rubbed Filet Mignon as my main course! I had read all the reviews and knew I had to try it.  It was topped with onion straws and it was the most amazing steak I have ever had in my life.  I ordered medium and it came out perfectly cooked.  So tender and seasoned perfectly.We opted to have the Creamed Spinach as one of our side dishes and in trying to decide the other, the server recommended the Mac N Cheese.  Oh heavens...the Mac N Cheese was out of this world! So tasty and a perfect accompaniment for a great meal.I walked out of the restaurant feeling miserable because I had eaten so much! I couldn't stop eating.  It was one of those moments where I hated to eat my last piece of steak because I didn't want the experience to end.I can't wait for my next Smith & Wollensky experience!
4	HAd a great dinner for my brothers 50th birthday! The service was great and the food was delicious!
5	This place is Awesome.  I ordered the filet and crab stuffed shrimp. It was the best and biggest filet I've eaten in a while.  We starred with the steak tartar which was phenomenal.  The truffle mac and cheese a.k.a Crackeroni and Cheese is rich and delicious.  The sides are so big we took so much home with us. It was a truly wonderful dining experience.  Staff is also attentive and friendly.
5	the coffee coco rubbed filet is amazing!! In the fall season when they have the pan seared roasted root vegetables is by far the best side dish I've ever had bar none. the truffle mac and cheese is the bomb service is always top notch
5	This place is fantastic! Impeccable service, great atmosphere and outstanding food. Yes, it's pricey but well worth it. I've been here a couple of times and it never disappoints!
4	The meal was good; but for the price paid, it should have been great. I had the 14 oz. charbroiled Filet Mignon ($48), cooked perfectly but lacking the flavor expected from a U.S. Prime cut.  My table of four ordered two appetizers (crabcake, scallops) three drinks (house wine, champagne,  mojito) three bottles of water, four entrees (two steaks, chicken, salmon), three 'sides for two' (baked potato,  cream spinach,  mushrooms) one dessert (cream brulee) and two cappuccinos - the bill came to $348 pre tip//$410 with tip. Service was very good.
4	I love steaks. This place is famous for them.I used to go to one on 49th St. for business dinners, because I wouldn't have to pick up the tab.And, of course, I don't pay when I eat at this one.It's your usual upscale, pricey, steak house.Service is always great, the food is great, the atmosphere is great.The one here is a bit brighter, and a little more cramped downstairs, and a little too romantic upstairs.It always seems strange that this place takes their classic facade, and drops it smack down in the middle of the strip.I've been with people who, from a distance, think that it's some sort of museum, because the architecture is so different from everything around them.Anyway, whenever I walk in, I am transported back to New York.My favorite thing on the menu is their fried onions.I could eat those all day (though my wife might take issue with that).So, if you want a great steak (and can tolerate the prices), I would recommend going there.But, this review is more for people who have never been to any up-scale steakhouse.
4	Fanstasti evening for a corporate event. The atmosphere is fantastic with a old world class. The steaks were great and lived up to their reputation.  Definitely would go back
1	I have been to this Smith & Wollensky location at least 5 times previously. At one time it was What Smith & Wollensky should be; A great steak house. Sadly, no more. I've been to at least 7 or 8 other Smith & Wollensky properties around the US. This meal, in a word, sucked. It wasn't so much that the food was so bad (it was not even good though), it was that the waiter lied. Flat out lied.There were only 3 of us. Two ordered a filet and I ordered the aged rib steak. My steak was not an aged piece of meat. I know aged meat. It was fatty with a kind of fat that is not the texture seen in aged beef. It didn't have the rich beefy flavor that aged steak attains. It was also a bit overcooked...to about medium. Additionally, it shrank too much to be aged. When the food was delivered to the table, one of the filets was missing. The waiter said he put the order in. He didn't. We saw him put it into the computer. He had forgotten to put it in. I told him to take the two steaks back to the kitchen to re-fire and he said the one that was left in the kitchen would be out in a minute. It wasn't. It took 7 minutes. We timed it. By the time the third steak came out...neither of us wanted to eat without the other steak on the table...my $50 rib was cold and when our third guest finally cut into her filet, it was not medium rare...it was medium raw. Totally raw and cold in the middle. First, the waiter tried to say it was correct. It was blue, which is rarer than rare. He reluctantly took the steak back to the kitchen and it came back medium, not medium rare. We gave up. The manager sent over one of the massive desserts, which was nice but really didn't change the overall tenor of the meal.The wine I ordered came with a different vintage. I really don't appreciate that. And it's beneath a restaurant wine list that's supposed to be the 'caliber' of S & W's wine list. Just because this S& W is on the Las Vegas strip doesn't mean the service, the wine list and the management suck. But they do. S&W here probably thinks that everyone is a tourist and will never darken their door again. Well, for sure i won't darken their door and I'm in Las Vegas at least 3 times a year and used to eat at S&W almost every time along with recommending this restaurant. No more.Bad table waiting, bad management, bad food all around.Too bad. It could be a great oasis on the strip.
5	Everything was perfect from the moment we walked in. Our server Matt provided a detailed tour of the menu and his suggestions made the experience even better. The manager Jaime came by a few times to check on our table and the service. Couldn't be more satisfied.  The Las Vegas location has eclipsed both Chicago and Miami
4	Good food, easy access to our hotel (Aria), very friendly staff, no complaints other than the aging of the steak seemed lacking in the nutty taste I'm used to. Maybe it wasn't aged as long as I thought it would be for the price, I can't say.  Overall though, we walked out stuffed and happy with our experience.
5	Being once at another s&w restaurant and this Wednesday going with a group from Italy and dealers from all over the world so hope a great experience!!I recommend the porterhouse and the Mac n cheese but honestly what I received last time was awesome! So hope same top notch service at Las Vegas !!!
3	Business dinner. Nice location and atmosphere. Ordered a rib eye with no marinate, it was between ok to good. Creamed spinach and whipped potatoes were good. My knock is on service by waiter, we didn't see him much and had to flag people down for things. With all the choices on Vegas, won't be back soon.
2	I heard so much abut S+W but didn't have time for dinner.  I noticed they had lunch, and their Liquid Lunch for $33 was appealing. You get a starter, entree and drink for $33.  Sounds like a pretty good deal for a "high end" steakhouse, right?  Welll....I started with the split pea soup which was supposed to be famous. It was ok.  Pea Soup Andersen doesn't have to worry about competition.  The steak was disappointing.  It was "Steak and Frites".  Last time I checked, frites means "fries" in restaurant term.  I think I got dehydrated fried potato chip strips from a can... like the fried onion strings you get for Thanksgiving on the bean casserole?  And the steak was like a teriyaki type skirt steak cut in strips, not a whole steak.  Sorry but I think the Liquid Lunch was very overrated, and lucky my drink came with it... $4 for an 8 ounch diet coke bottle (no refills) is a joke.  Over rated, and lucky to get 2 stars from me.  Meh! I have experienced much better for lunch at other higher end steakhouses for about the same price.The good part was we had a groupon, so we saved some money on lunch.
5	Had a large dinner party Dec 6,  they gave us the second floor room overlooking the strip and Monte Carlo, it was really nice, private and classy.  We had a 3 course meal and one hour happy hour with appetizers.  It was fairly reasonably, flat rate per person the liquor too, and they kept it flowing.  The food was great,  the waiters treated us like royalty....They made my husbands birthday special.  My family is still raving about it.This would be a great rehearsal dinner venue or small wedding...
4	I attended a holiday mixer & open house in their private events area.This place is ginormous, and this was my first time here. The space for our event was great, and there were multiple buffet tables- cheese station, Caesar salad station, mac n cheese station, carving station and even dessert. And, lots of passed appetizers!I was so impressed with the selection. The beverage selection was also great- they even had Sam Adams & Lagunitas reps handing out beers and schwag. Love the beer bottle sweater and the mason jar glasses!That was a neat perk. I also had a Moscow mule, which was frankly underwhelming. I suspect that they hadn't intended to serve those for the party, but the sign on the bar did advertise the mule as the featured drink. We could also get whiskey and/or wine from a table near the buffets. Very nice!The decor was pretty standard upscale steakhouse, and the view from the event area was right onto the Strip and the Monte Carlo. If I were a wealthy woman I would probably come here more than once in 9 years!
5	I've been to the original S&W in New York, and I thought it was good, but nothing special (3 1/2 stars seems about right). I came here last weekend, and I felt that this S&W blows the other one out of the water.I ordered the filet and a baked potato, and both were cooked absolutely perfectly. Service was attentive, but never overbearing, and I genuinely enjoyed my time here. It's one of the best meals I've had in Vegas, and I highly, HIGHLY recommend it.
5	I ate at the bar on a Sunday night, the ribeye was amazing, and the service was very friendly and welcoming.  I dropped $100 on my meal (Caesar salad, 1 beer, side of broccoli and my steak) and it was definitely worth the price.
3	Food was decent but nothing special, big portions.  Everyone in my party of 10 had the same thoughts. Someone put it perfectly when they said "it was alright". Expected something more juicy for a $50 ribeye. Doubtful I would be returning.
5	Nothing short of spectacular!!! If ever you find yourself on the strip and are willing to drop some serious coin on the most amazing steak you will ever have this is the place.I had the Filet Oscar and it was AMAZING!!!This place definitely did not disappoint other than my checking account Lol
5	One of my favorite steakhouses in the world, been here several times at this point.SeafoodWhole Maine Lobster - Super fresh and insanely huge...SteaksCajun Ribeye - Full flavor and massive with just a hint to cajun kick, and my top pick.Filet Rosini - Foie Gra is nice and rich and complements wellFilet Oscar - Crab has a nice flavor with the sauceCoffee & Cocoa Rubbed Filet - Also incredibly good with a hit of spiceSidesTruffle Mac - Flavor is fantastic, mac can sometimes be a bit softer than al dente which could be better.Shellfish Bouquet - Just order it, and go straight to the crab meat.  Side sauces are fantastic and all the pieces are freshWild Mushroom- a must have for any steak dinnerDuck Fat Roasted Vegetable - Pretty good, but the flavor didn't shine too particularly for me.Creamed Spinach - A solid classic****Dessert****The Chocolate Cake here is outrageous, the best I've ever eaten.  Closest thing I've found was in Dallas.  Not too sweet, nice and dense and full of flavor with a side of fresh cream..  This is a must.WineA nice Borolo always does the job well.
2	Always liked this place in the past, Vegas and Miami. The other night it missed big time, had the rib eye, $50 steak tasted terrible, the truffle Mac and cheese was so so, and the service was fair. Just like Mastro's over priced and not that great. Go to Ruth Chris, it never varies.
4	We were pretty impressed with this place.  We came to meet some people for drinks who were attending a foundation function so we sat at the bar while we waited for them.  George the bartendar was AMAZING.  A really nice guy who has been there for 16 years and pretty much knows the menu like the back of his hand.We were hungry and decided to order a few items.  George recommended the lobster appetizer which was out of this world.   We also ordered the Pea soup and the same same, it was very good.For a main course we split the bone-in ribeye.  It was cooked just the way we asked and the server even cut the meat off the bone for us.For two people eating the way we did with drinks, the price was very reasonable and the food was enough for both of us.  We had a great experience and we will  be back for more.  A great place with great people.
5	Repeat custpmer.  I had New Year's eve reservations and I found the strip was closed I came here for lunvh.  Ask for Daniel for your waiter.  Service was excellent.   I rid not see the porterhouse on the lunch menu but the kitchen readily obliged.  My date likes the filet medium and I like the sirloin portion medium rste, seared.   No problem.  They even cooked the French fries in duck fat for me.  The cream spinach was perfect.   S & W ages their own meat and cuts it on premise.   Not all steak houses do this.   Join their loyalty club if you come to Vegas a lot.   All in all a damn hood steak at a reasonable price
5	So we (7) had reservations for 5:30, on New Year's Eve when we walked in it was not busy at all we were the only one seated in the main dining room which was sweet.  I've lived in Vegas for over two years and this is my first time, Needless to say they did not disappoint. I had the tomahawk cut which was by far the best looking piece of meat I ever laid my eyes on.  Everyone else had the filet to each their own. The sides were plentiful, the Mac n cheese and whipped taters were on point. Oh let me not forget the seafood basket that was a sweet surprise.  So if you want a good well rounded meal give this place a try.
