5	We had a member of the Light Rail come to my work to talk about it the other day. It is going to open 12/29 this year and I can't wait! I will be able to jump on a bus from South Phoenix, get on the Light Rail downtown and get dropped off in Tempe at Mill and 3rd. All this and pay less than $50 bucks a month for both bus and rail fair. After spending the last week taking the Bart in SF I am looking forward to the Light Rail even more.. It'll cut down on pollution, lessen traffic and finally start to get AZ caught up with the rest of the world's big cities. It's about time.
3	Today, Hubby and I rode from Jefferson and 12th St. (the stop closest to our house) to Mill Ave. and 3rd St. in Tempe to check out the Metro Rail and have lunch at Rula Bula. Christ Almighty, it was crowded. Both ways we waited for the next train because there was no room on the first one. There was really no room on the second one either, but it was squish or not bother going. I can also see that there will need to be some training of Valley passengers regarding rail etiquette:1. Give the people getting OFF the cars a freaking second to do so before barrelling in. 2. Don't sit on the floor of the car. Not only are you more likely to get stepped on (especially if the conductor sucks, and the one on the return trip had a lead foot), but you are also taking up 2-3 times the space of someone standing. 3. Wear deodorant, people.4. There's no need for you to stand on the edge of the platform and crane to see the cars coming. It will not make the Metro Rail come any faster.5. Be considerate of others, and maybe not rap loudly about "it's yo' birf-day, so I'm a-gonna kill you," on a crowded rail car. Now, I do have high hopes for the Metro Rail, and Hubby and I already have plans to use it again this week- but we'll be waiting until the free days are over. Full? I hope it will be. Crazy, chaotic, and dangerous? We hope that will not be the case regularly. There were many people around us who admitted they were riding it with no destination at all, just back and forth, up and down. Wish I had that much free time.
5	Saturday, Dec 27, 2008, FIRST DAY - It's 267 steps from here to the platform.  Rode end-to-end-to-end.  It's great!  And it's gonna be greater as we infill the Valley and as Light Rail is extended the next 20 miles and beyond!Crowded?  Of course - it was the first day, and it was free.  I rode it again Monday to work.  Very convenient, and I didn't have to fight any traffic, and somehow, I didn't burn any gas outta my car.  Go figure!  Stopped off halfway home for lunch at Alexi's, then back on the train to deliver the leftovers to the Fridge.  Nice.
4	honestly it does not deserve 4 stars...yet.i've ridden this thing like 5 times total. and on each of the 5 rides i have seen the same asshole sitting in  a seat. must be fucking nice to sit on said train all day for the last 5 days its been running. how about you get your seat hogging ass off the fucking train and let someone else sit down.still apparently on the honor system, i have yet to see one of these mystery security personnel checking for tickets or receipts. how long do you give before phoenix smartens the fuck up and puts up the chain link fences and guardrails so people must purchase a ticket before they can enter the platform area? umm..hello??semi smooth ride, much better then standing on a city bus..where a bus driver can casually throw your standing ass all over the eisles while he guns the gas and then slams on the brakes. i didn't realize drifting a bus was possible. but i can swear to the fact it's possible.i'll keep giving this thing a chance. i'm sure it's nice when it's not crowded.
5	I love the light rail. I mean, LOVE, the light rail. First off, it takes me less than 2 minutes to drive to the nearest stop.. 44th and Washington... and when weather permits, I can easily ride a bike there... Second, it takes me to all of the best places. George and Dragon, Fez, Clarendon, Portland's, Fate, Sens, Amsterdam's, The Embassy, Robert and Bacon's apartment... etc etc etc. Third, on NYE I was able to take the light rail from my apartment to all of the places I wanted to go, and didn't run the risk of having to drive drunk or spend $20 each way on a cab ride. I have been on the trains in both Boston and New York and it feels pretty equitable to me. Obviously it is way cleaner, and I hope that the nightly steam cleanings each car will get helps keep it that way. It has been really busy because it's free, of course, but I really hope that people take the time to give LR a chance. I think it is a really good step in the right direction for us. At the very least, I am excited for it!!
4	This is great. I love to see light rail projects come to sprawling American cities such as Phoenix. Even though it's a lot more cost-efficient to develop a bus-rapid transit corridor, there is something magical about riding the urban rails. Phoenix's train is a 20-mile, 60 minute joyride through the highlights of Phoenix, Tempe, and a quick hello in Mesa.Anyway, Clean Trains, No Ads (yet!!!),  and friendly people make this ride a good one.
4	This has been a long time coming and is one more huge step in the development of Phoenix as an urban center of the United States. I have a stop three blocks from my house at Central & Thomas. I have ridden from there to Tempe and it only took about 20 minutes to get there. The stops at each station are very quick and efficient. Everyone is in and out and the train is on it's way again. The ride across the lake is a beautiful way to enter Tempe. From there, it's just a short walk to Casey Moore's and all the other spots I enjoy in Tempe.The last star is missing from this review because service ends far too early on the weekends. I understand not wanting to deal with the after 2 am crowd, but could we get at least 1:00 am or 1:30 am on the weekends!?
4	So I was on the first train, at 10 AM on Saturday, Dec. 27th. I have ridden the train every day since, mostly to Tempe and back, but a couple times westbound. I've ridden it to do grocery shopping, go to dinner, go drinking, celebrate my birthday, hell just about everything. My truck has been driven once since the first day of service, and I've ridden my motorcycle maybe 4 times.... its been 9 days folks. This thing changed my daily routine for the better. I understand I could have done the same thing with a bus, but the bus only ran every 30 minutes and took forever and was uncomfortable and was so small if there was a smelly bum you couldn't get away from him. The train has changed it all for me. What's keeping it from 5 stars? The same thing that everyone else is complaining about, the running hours. I'd love to not have to leave the bars at 10:40 to get a ride home. It's also very inefficient running through the city. I can get from the 12th street station to Mill Avenue in 16 minutes which is about 11 miles. In the meantime, it takes about 23 minutes to get to Camelback, which is half the distance. Also, I do feel very insecure at the Eastlake platforms at night time. I wish they could do something to at least give you the illusion that you are safe.
4	My husband and I rode this on opening day and, although it was extremely crowded, we had a blast! We got on at 38th Street and Washington and got off in the center of downtown where we walked around and had lunch. We hopped on and off at various stops and finally felt like we lived in a real city. I'm a New York City girl after all, so I'm a big fan of public transportation.I'm really looking forward to seeing how the light rail (although I've decided I want to start calling it the Metro), will help to shape the city. Hopefully, this will create more real neighborhoods that will become a destination and maybe now Phoenix will start to built up instead of out. Let's hope so!
3	Alrighty kids.....yes, the hours are NOT the best for night owls- agreed. BUT I'm also POed that Scottsdale opted out. I live in Arcadia and by the time I make it to 38th Washington, I could have driven to Scottsdale Fashion square and back. On the upside, I visit places like Tempe and downtown Phoenix more often.On the upside, I have unlimited rides each month for half price, thanks to my job. Its not free like some other people have from their employer, but close. Its also clean and stress free.Also, more park and rides please. If you're like me and choose to live in Phoenix, you it should be easy for you to hop on close to home.
5	omg! i love this new roller coaster...i mean train. its so much fun. be prepared to move a little if your on the route with curves and not in a seat. i'm an avid roller coaster fan, and hate the fact that there aren't any in town worth talking about, (encanto park has no hills). this is the most beautiful thing to come to phoenix in a long time. in not sad to see the lanes along central filled with metal, eliminating the left turns all together in some parts. as the train is so supper dupper i love it! it's only $2.50 for an all day pass too! just make sure your on it for home before 11am or you'll be left to fend your own ride. people watching is fun on the train too. don't get so caught up or you might miss your stop.
5	What can I say, I'm light rail hard.  I'm a public transportation junkie.  It has kind of replaced the red line if one is on a venture to the depths of the west side.  It is much quicker than taking a bus.  It goes from Tempe to Downtown Phoenix, which is the ride I'm abusing right now.  It runs smooth, and I only saw it be incredibly packed on the first days of it's opening, when everyone had "light rail fever".  The fare for it is cheap and the all day works on the buses too.  There's really nothing I can say bad about it other than that I want more.  More distance, more directions, more light rails.  Don't let the petro-chemical anti-environment puppet masters control you and take the light rail.
4	I couldn't believe I was in Phoenix.  The BF and I took a ride to the Tempe block party (deserves another yelp) on New Years.  The trains clean and shiny, the stations tastefully appointed.  It was lots of fun.  Of course on NYE it was taking passengers til 2 am for the occasion but that is not the norm.  I'm going to follow suit and say, when the hours are expanded to 2 for weekends it will rate the 5 stars.Hooray for progress Phoenix!
5	Today one of my dreams came true. Being a Phoenix native I eagerly awaited the opening of the Metro for many, many years. It is finally here and I rode it to work today. Halleluiah to reducing my carbon footprint. I took a bus from Central and Dobbins to the Main Station at 1st and Van Buren where I caught the Metro, then I got dropped off on 3rd and Mill and walked to work. Total trip time was 1 hour 10 minutes. Granted it only takes me about half that time to drive, but taking the Metro just makes you feel good. That and you can people watch, read a book whatever. I was really impressed about how clean the Metro was, and it wasn't crowded at all, probably only 60% full. Phoenix is growing up. Hopefull people will use the Metroenough where it can afford to stay open for later hours..
4	It's about time that Phoenix has its own modern mass transit system.  The trains are clean and the seats are comfy.It's nice to see downtown Phoenix  through the train's windows.  One gets a new perspective on our town.My only criticism is that the handle bars could be lower, or some kind of strap system could be employed on the current bars, to make it easier to maintain balance when there are no seats available.I can't wait for further expansion and maybe longer hours.
5	I have trust issues.  I have as far back as I can remember.  When I first read about the light rail coming all those years ago and everyone was hyping it like it was the 2nd coming, I didn't buy it.  I wanted to, but I couldn't.  I have always been a firm believer in the "if it sounds too good to be true, it probably is" mentality.  Even after I moved to midtown from N Scottsdale specifically for the downtown community combined with the light rail just a short while ago, I still wasn't sure it was going to work out.  A nice idea, but just may not take. (I have issues, I know : )  )But then came Wednesday night.  Wednesday night consisted of a little mini happy hour followed by the Suns game.  At that was it.  Trust issues out the freakin' window the light rail is the shit!!!!!!!I couldn't believe what a geek I turned into.  I felt like a 6 year old at Disneyworld for the first time.  I finally  understood what all the fuss was about.  The cars are clean, comfy, and everyone else on there is just as geeked out as you are!  And I can't explain the incredible feeling of knowing that my car was nowhere in my general vicinity.  I wasn't going to be stuck in my parking structure for 40 minutes after the game.  I wasn't going to be followed the entire way home by Sherriff Joe's personal motorcycle stalkers.  And it felt really freaking good.  To all the skeptics out there like me, give it up.  Don't waste your time.  Just surrender to the inevitability that the light rail truly is a driving force behind the resurgence of the valley.  You'll be glad you did.  Go find your own version of Disneyworld...  : )
4	We had a great time riding the rail yesterday. We parked at Christown Mall and hopped on to go downtown to eat and then to Tempe. At 9 in the morning going south was fairly empty.   We were able to easily get on and off , no long waits, no weirdness. The stops are obvious and  I love how they are really close so if you make a mistake you can get off at the next stop no biggie. On the ride home about 1:00  the cars were full , but not packed . You had to  find a space to sit but there were spaces. I look forward to using it bring family and friends downtown for events and dinners.
4	Park and  ride worked great for me on my first ride downtown.    Quite unlike my first experience on the MTA (T) in Boston with December sub freezing temps going from the bus to the trolley to the subway and finally the train to Logan as I recall.  Today was T-shirt weather in PHX;  a little crowded but quiet and efficient.I will probably use the Valley Metro Rail whenever possible for sporting and theatre events.  The one thing I noticed along the way was the large number of empty lots on Central.  Hopefully, that will change in time with the rail finally operational.
3	As I emerged from the blue "tunnel" in front of the new high-rise building being constructed across from the Chase Tower, I saw a train a few blocks away. "I can catch that train," I thought to myself.Boy was I wrong! The Valley Metro ticket machines are quite a fickle mistress. Not only are the buttons sticky and hard to push down, but the "dollar eater" is as fickle as any break room Coke machine. I had to have perfectly flat dollars for the machine not to reject them and they had to be submitted perfectly straight to be "consumed." This is in contrast to the machines in NYC and DC that will take just about any dollar. Needless to say, I missed the train messing around with its cash machine and the fact that it also doesn't seem to be easy to pay with a credit card. Bummer dude!While waiting, I had a seat. Or should I say "I had a pain"? These seats are uncomfortable! No slouching on Valley Metro seats! Unless you are sitting all the way back or sitting hunched over with your back all the way against the back of the seat, you are made extremely uncomfortable by the "wavy" design of the seats.Yes! The train arrives. I was pleasantly surprised to board a standing-room only train on my way from Central/Van Buren to Central/Indian School. The inside of the train was bright and clean, but of course that will change over time. Oddly, it announces "Central/Van Buren" after you depart. Some kink that must be worked out with the announcement system.On my way back to Roosevelt/Central from Indian School/Central, I noticed that the plastic covers over the dollar slots had already been snapped off at the Indian School/Central station. A dumb move to make those covers cheap plastic on the cheap fare machines! On my way back, I enjoyed a seat in the "elevated portion" of the train and, again, was happy to see that the train was as crowded as any DC Metro train (subway) would be on a Saturday evening.Why just "A-OK" and not "great" like other people have rated the system? This is simply an "A-OK" system. For an area as vast and highly populated as the Valley, the system is slow and the train cars are cramped and very "plastic/cheap" feeling compared to the heavy rail systems back East or in California. I hope people will ride the system and get out of their cars, but this thing definitely needs to be complimented by a heavy rail "commuter rail" system for service to the West Valley and East Valley.
4	What can I say that hasn't already been touched on? I love it. I'm glad its here. But it needs to run later."Exit to LEFT...?"
4	The light rail has become a big part of my life.  I moved into a place specifically for it's proximity to the Thomas/Central station.  I go to ASU and have ridden it every day this week, here's why:1. It's free, because I'm an ASU student2. It makes the walk at 6:30am in the dark seem kinda cool3. I enjoy sitting and not driving4. I finished a book with just my metro reading time5. I get some much needed "me" time6. I never have to deal with ASU's parking EVER AGAINThanks light rail for keeping me sane and helping save me money until my goddamn FAFSA check comes in the mail.  I'm taking off a star because you don't run late enough to take back from work.I know you're thinking "jesus, it sounds like this girl's life sucks hard core".  Yeah, it really does.
4	Riding the rail makes me feel like I live in a real city. It's kind of slow and I wished I lived closer to a station, but it will be useful for weekend outings to downtown Phoenix or Tempe.Four stars for the system itself, FIVE STARS for the headphones rule.
4	I had taken 2 quick trips on the light rail before yesterday. Once to go a few blocks when it was free just to ride it for the first time and once to go do some shopping while on a break from work. (Love that the Phoenix terminus is just steps from SuperTarget.)Yesterday I took the light rail into Tempe for the first time to meet a friend for a late lunch. Drove over and parked at the Camelback and Central Park-and-Ride lot.  I have to say I really enjoyed the ride. Fairly quick, quiet, and efficient. I'm glad the cars themselves are still quite clean. (All though there was some graffiti scratched in the window of the car I was on while on the shopping trip. Really? Give it a rest for a bit.)Loved the ride across Tempe Town Lake. (Yeah, I know it's a man-made lake and it stinks in the summer heat, but it was cool gliding over it on the bridge.) Met my friend at the Mill Avenue and 3rd Street station. We had lunch on Mill and then I got back on the train at the Tempe Transit Center. I really have to say I was impressed with the way Tempe incorporated all the bus lines and light rail line into one beautiful station. Very well done. Loved all the miniatures of valley landmarks at the station. Got on the train and rode it back to the Camelback and Central station. Out of all the stations in Phoenix the Camelback/Central station has to be my favorite. Just has more of an 'urban' and 'unique' feel to it than the other stops that all kind of seemed the same (save for all the great different artwork at all the stations.) (Make sure you take time to read about the artwork at each station. It's pretty interesting. I just wonder how many people don't even NOTICE the artwork at each station.)I would have given the system five stars but am going to be nitpicky. I realize the train utilizes the same streets that all the Phoenix traffic uses but I really think the train should have the right of way at intersections. I think it would be a lot faster if the train didn't have to stop for red lights. Yeah, I know it's a safety issue so I'm only taking off half a star. The other half a star comes off for the annoying "exit to LEF" announcement at most of the stops. What is that? The female voice gets the 'T' on the end of the "exit to righT" announcement but it gets cut off or something on the "exit to LEF" announcement. I began dreading approaching stations because I knew the "LEF" announcement was coming up. And yes, it's nitpicky but I just wish they'd get that fixed. So, once again only taking off one half star. Still, all in all, a very enjoyable and relaxing trip aboard the valley's newest landmark.  Give it a shot. I think you'll be impressed.
3	Last night was only the second time I've used the light rail. The first time I was a little distracted by an event to really pay attention to the actual trains.Hopefully someday the rail will extend further into the rest of Mesa but right now it's barely at the west end.  I went to the park and ride at the first Mesa station.  The entire front lot closest to the station was closed.  Empty and closed.  Dunno why.  So I'm already crabby about having to walk clear across an empty parking lot to get to the train because I know I'll be walking back alone much later that night.The ticket buying process was confusing and difficult.  Kiosks you can walk right past and take your chances getting caught, because the rail cops only check every 5th train or so to see if people even have tickets.  The kiosks have a bunch of steps to buying your ticket, wouldn't take cash, have 4 different and not-well-labeled slots to put things in or take things out of and the whole "activation" process is frakked.  I'm sure after you've bought tickets for a while it gets easier to navigate, but for new and/or seldom riders it seems really confusing.In Atlanta and Vegas (the other places I've recently ridden city rails) you buy tickets and then go through a counter.  In Atlanta you have to buy the initial plastic card and load it up like a debit card and it deducts your fare as you go through the gates/counters.  Vegas had paper cards similar to ours but you still had to go through a counter to prove you'd paid.  Here, the stations are open-air and you can just walk right on.  No security at the stations and no counter or gating system at all.  I watched people who've never used it walk right past the ATM looking kiosks and not understand how to pay.I sat in the middle of the train where the bike racks are and watched as some dweeb struggled to hang up his bike next to one already jammed in instead of right across the aisle where the rack was empty.  Yeah, you're supposed to hang up your bike by the front tire.  I will never be taking my nonexistent bike on the train.  He hadn't noticed the machines and ended up asking other passengers how to pay for his ride.The train sure seems loud and clunky for being electric. Clean, but then again the whole system has only been operating for a month.  And the announcement woman sounds like her recording was cut off mid-sentence.  "Exit to left, (dummy)."  Fortunately the station in downtown Tempe was only a block away from my meet-up.The ride back was about the same.  Loud and clicky.  I exited the train and walked past the still-empty front parking lot to the back one where my and only three other cars were.  I seriously didn't like that part.  That station isn't in the best part of Mesa to begin with and there weren't a lot of people around.  I didn't feel particularly safe.And no bathrooms.  Not that I would have used one at the end-of-the-line station late at night.There needs to be more obvious signage on how to pay for your ride. When the train is sitting there and you're in a hurry and there are people in line behind you, you don't need a machine you can't easily figure out.  There are too many steps. I'm sure if I lived in Tempe or Phoenix, I'd pop on and off the light rail whenever it was convenient to my destination and  I'd be really annoyed if I had to go through that ticketing process all the time.  I prefer cash and I couldn't use it.  It seems stupid and pointless to use a credit/debit card to buy a one day pass, and the diagram as to how to enter your card wasn't like any one I'd ever seen before and couldn't decipher.  I ended up shoving my card in every which way until it worked.  Get a standard diagram, rail people.There needs to be more security. I'm pretty sure once most riders figure out they're seldom checked, they ain't paying anymore.  If I rode it all the time, I'd probably blow off paying myself.  I never saw anyone who looked like security.  And that's weird especially since the first time I rode it they were aware there would be a large group of pants-less people riding.  You'd think they'd have security around to make sure that went okay.  I didn't see any either time.I'll probably use it again.  I don't like trying to find parking in downtown Tempe so it's better for that.  Except the trains stop running at midnight so if I want to stay out later than that forget it.  And it goes right through downtown Phoenix too so next time I'm on jury duty or need the civic center or something I'll think about the rail.  Unfortunately the nearest stop to the VA hospital is just far enough there's no way I could walk that, especially in summer in AZ.  Oh well, can't win 'em all.
1	So 4 of 5 times I've been completely F'ed by this damn thing.First I had an appointment and the train was 20mins late to arrive (and subsequently packed to the gills) and this was at 1pm in the afternoon! Second time we nearly reached the end of the line and the train LOCKED up the breaks and we sat unmoving for 15mins, with not so much as a peep from the driver. Turns out they needed to "switch the tracks" to allow for another train to get by our train.The fourth time the train HAD to stop and wait because they were ahead of schedule (making US late).Then last night we were stopped mid route and told that we were waiting to switch drivers (and she hadn't arrived yet, so we just waited for 15mins).This is the MOST undependable mass transit I've ever used. I was originally sooo excited about this, only to find it managed by chimps.Total FAIL!
2	It's slow.  Very slow.It was packed.  Very packed.You could run a Free Dental Clinic out of the thing and never run out of patients.  You would, however, run out of patience if you had to take this thing everyday.I see it being useful when drinking...and we did.
5	Here's the thing I loathe about the southwest - you're too spread out.  You have no need to build up so you just build out.  This means you are constantly in your car.  For 20 minutes at a time.  This is especially a problem when you're trying to go out for drinks. Enter the light rail.I was in town to visit the s.o. for Valentimes and we used the light rail every day.  Rode it from (almost) one end to the other.  Used it during All-Star game traffic.  Used at as the high schoolers got out of class for the day.  Used it on weekend nights and during the day on a Tuesday.  Other than getting to the station just as the train we needed was leaving, I had nothing but love and affection for all of my light rail experiences. i want one in my city ASAP.
4	I live on the line, go to ASU, and my work is on the line. It works well for me. My only beef is that people always sit where bikes are susposed to go, so it can be hard to commute with a bike.
4	I take the light rail daily to get from my place in downtown Phoenix to ASU.  As far as public transportation goes this is pretty good.  For the most part the trains come in predictable 10 minute intervals.  I've only experience an extended wait once.  I have waited 40 minutes in -5 degree weather for a T in Boston.  20 minutes is nothing to me.  Having disruptions in service along the way goes with the territory of public transportation.  Heck, it goes with any sort of transportation.  To complain that it is loud is just silly...it's a TRAIN!  I find it to be incredibly quiet when compared to the subway in NY or the T in Boston. Its not some rickety old high speed line or glorified trolley car. Time wise and location wise its very convenient for me.  It takes me the same exact amount of time to get to campus as it would if I drove and it saves me $600 a year in a parking permit  I can take it to any number of local establishments, enjoy Happy Hour in Tempe without having to worry about a DD, and get myself to Chase Field in the summer when its too hot to walk.  (I live close enough where driving there is just plain dumb, but the 20 minute walk in 110 degrees is too much)  Which brings me to my next point, don't smoke crack.  Well not that, (but seriously, don't smoke crack) but I fully intend on using it in the summer.  I can endure standing outside for 10 minutes....if I can endure waiting for the T in a Boston winter, 10 minutes in a Phoenix summer is nothing. (And this will be my 3rd summer here so spare me the "you don't know the summer" lecture). The 11pm end time does kind of suck, but it was 12 in Boston so its not terribly shocking for me.  It means you may have to take a cab home.  Of course livery regulation leaves much to be desired in this city but that is a different review entirely. Now, I do think they could start to sell advertising inside, both for revenue and to give me something to look at.  I do wish the route maps were in better locations throughout the cars.  Placing them only in the middle means a large number of people (oh, like the entire rest of the car...) can't see them.  I also think the hand rails are awkwardly shaped.  The bike racks drive me nuts but I understand their purpose.  But all in all I think it's a good start.  I'm happy to have it- I find it easy to use, clean, quiet and it gets me to where I want to go.  I would like some wifi for when I'm working on my laptop but hey, I'll take what I can get.
5	Still a fan. Rode the light rail around today and did some errands. Bought an all day pass for $2.50 and didn't have to worry about traffic, parking, gas, etc. Parked at the Camelback and Central Park and Ride Lot and got my money's worth. Paid my bill at the Southwest Gas office on Central, checked out a few books at the library, rode into Tempe and got dinner, stopped at Mill Avenue and got dessert for later at home, rode all the way to the other end, did some shopping at Christown Spectrum Mall, and then rode back to the Camelback and Central station. And yes, it took me a few hours but I had fun and had a relaxing day instead of the stress inducing drive across the Valley during rush hour that I usually have. Yep....still a fan.(Well....except for that "Exit to LEF" announcement......what can I say? It REALLY bugs me.)
4	I've been waiting for the light rail since it was first brought up back in like '94 or something, and now it's finally here!I really love using the light rail, but I do wish it came out toward my house, I'd be on it all the time! It's still pretty clean, and the other people that ride can sometimes be entertaining. Although, there was an incident when it first opened, and was standing room only, that some chick dropped her 44oz thirstbuster all over the place, including my new boots, seriously lady? omg. I'll give five stars as soon as it's expanded more across the valley.
4	I really love riding the rail, i think it is great start.  BUT they should extend the hours and get to work on adding to it!  Phoenix is a big place!  We need a viable mass transit system!
4	SAVES GAS.  Because I started commuting to work via Valley Metro Light Rail, I haven't put gas in my car in 8 weeks.SAVES MONEY. Instead, my work subsidizes my 31 Day Local METRO card, so I pay $22.50 each month to ride the clean, efficient, on-time train.  Even the $1.25 full fare one-way or $2.50 full fare all-day passes are reasonable, and you can transfer to the bus system on the same are.SAVES TIME.  Instead of fighting traffic, I can read a novel or the newspaper or Yelp on my iPhone!SAVES COMMUNITY.  When I ride, I try to talk to at least one new person per trip. (If you're that bearded man who ignored me, I forgive you.)  People complain of a sprawling, impersonal Phoenix that is allergic to local community.  Well, then, I try to make Phoenix as local as possible by taking the train, frequenting local independents, and trying to be a part of the community solution.SAVES BIKES.  I mean this quite literally.  I ride my bike 1.5 miles to the rail station and when the train comes, I raise my bike up onto the hook (or sometimes just stand with it) in one of the four slots per car, and then I chill.  The bike amenities make the Light Rail + Bus system a nearly full-feature mass transit system.THE NEGATIVE.  Other yelpers have noted the limited night-time hours of operation (save the occasional extended hours for a Suns game).  I agree that the City of Phoenix should step in and use the light rail as an opportunity to extend hours on weekends as an overture to stem the drunk-driving rampant in AZ.  Also, and this is very minor, one morning the doors closed before I could enter with my bike.  When I pressed the yellow button, nothing happened; when a sympathetic passenger inside the train pushed the inside button, nothing happened.  I was on time for the train but the train would let me enter.  Thanks, Voters of Arizona, for approving the transportation sales tax necessary to begin, sustain, and complete construction on this pulse-providing, community-building light rail system.
4	For all of the immediate bitching that I want to do, I'm going to control myself and talk about how great it really is for now.It is a beautiful experience to be able to travel to downtown phoenix for nearly free. With all of the driving I do and the kick-in-the-crotch prices that gas has shot up to, I really appreciate the fact that a buck and some cents can get me out there.So we were riding it out to downtown to go get totally drunk one Friday night and when we first got on in Tempe, we noticed a bum passed out in one of the bendy middle sections. Whatever. Bum's happen. Most of the time they're more interesting than anyone else around, too. The fun didn't happen with him though until we starting turning up 3rd Ave. At one of the stops near US Airways Arena, he got up and walked to the side of the train that people were supposed to be exiting from, jumped outside really quick.....and pissed a little. Not a whole pee, just a touch. He then flipped it back in his pants and ran back onto the train before the doors closed. Impressive! What a feat of muscle control! It must of hurt to just pinch it off like that but he was pretty trashed. Well, this happened at least two more times, and on lucky number three he bit off more than he could chew and the doors closed on him before he could get back in. The sight of him screaming and banging on the doors as he watched his life (a backpack and duffle bag) glide away on an electric train was pitiful and saddening, but why gamble with your life when you could have picked up shop and pissed somewhere in safety? That's a dangerous game of roulette my friend.Now, why the fuck did the city let a ninety year old from Sun City pick the hours of operation? That's what must of happened because surely everyone else wants to ride it downtown, get drunk and ride it back. It would be cheap! I would spend the extra money on more drinks to stimulate the economy! WTF!!
4	For the second time, we have completed a light rail pub crawl.  I have to say, that so far I am very impressed with the light rail system.  For something that only opened in December 2008, it's already running smoothly.  The ticketing system is easy, as long as you read the screen.  Currently it's on an honor system, but for only $2.50 for an all day pass, it's better to be sure you have the ticket.  The trains have ample space, including bike racks.Now, I do wish they ran later at night, we would use it even more if that was an option.  With the last train leaving downtown for Mesa at 11ish, you really have to pay attention. I will use the light rail for any games or concerts I go to down town - it sure beats driving.
3	I've got alot of nice and not-so-nice things to say about Phoenix's latest venture into building serious public transportation.Nice Thing #1: Mainly because it's new, the cars are really clean. After living in LA and using the metro subway there, anything seems cleaner than that. Let's just hope they keep up the cleanliness of the light rail in the years to come.Nice Thing #2: It gets me from A to B with little to no problems. It gets the job done. Also, it's one of Phoenix's more serious efforts at going green, so it's worth backing.Nice Thing #3: All of the current downtown stops are well thought out. Once you step off, something is always walking distance.Nice Thing #4: The price of the all-day pass is worth it.Nice Thing #5: Unlike public transportation in LA, the light rail is generally on time and makes for a reliable means of getting around. There don't seem to be any car companies that are trying to choke-hold the city by shutting any stations down like they did in the 30's in LA.The cons...Bad Thing #1: The only logic in taking the light rail is that it's essentially a car you don't have to park or fill up on gas. It's not that it's slow, but it really only goes slightly faster than the cars driving next to it in the street. Part of the sluggishness of the light rail stems from the fact that it has to stop at traffic lights like the cars you decided not to drive. I think the smarter idea would've been to build the light rail above or under ground so it could have gone faster and not have to stop at lights or risk the chance of some idiot gunning it and T-boning one of the passenger cars.Bad Thing #2: I know this experiment is still in its training wheels stage, but I really wish that they would build a line that would go to North Phoenix, Scottsdale, or Glendale. I've heard that they are planning a Glendale route, but that's probably going to take another ten years. Even though I live a few blocks from one of the stops, I really wish I wasn't limited to downtown, Tempe, or Mesa.Bad Thing #3: No airport stop? I mean, there is, but you have to take a shuttle to the actual airport. Why not just build a stop there? It would make more sense.Bad thing #4: Why does this thing shut off at 11? Is Phoenix trying to kill any chance of building a real nightlife downtown? We're not children. This city shouldn't set a curfew before midnight on this.In all, the Valley Metro Rail is more yay than nay. It's got its kinks that it still needs to work out and it's kinda tough to judge something that's in what I hope is a very nascent form of what it will eventually become.
4	ride it every day. it's still clean.i like it a lot.& of course i think it should run later, and i wish there was a lot more bars within walking distance of the stations.i think i like the camelback station the very most.
2	Overrated.      IMHO.
3	I dream of a fabulous public transportation system in Phoenix... but it's still just a dream. Until light rail expands and bus connections are sensible and convenient, light rail usefulness will be limited for those us us in the central metro area beyond walking distance from the rail line. From most of north central phx it's still much quicker to drive most anywhere on the line expect maybe Mesa, but who wants to go to Mesa anyway. What we've got of light rail I love...but we need MORE! The cars are clean, the system is easy to use and fun to ride. It IS still public transportation and about half of the dozen or so times I've ridden I've shared a car with hawkers, crazed meth-heads, people carrying on heated arguments with no one visible...etc. Still, the frequency of being harassed by crazy-persons is less than on the bus. Here's an interesting tidbit ... one of the factors that went into siting the light rail line was areas in need of economic development. Hmmm... does that really make sense? Yes, the Christown area needs a whopping economic shot in the arm, but it seems to me that routes that would serve the greatest number of commuters should be prioritized.
2	They never run on time, there usually are no available seats, and no late night trains! FAIL
2	Wow. Didn't vote for this thing. And had I known that the primary users of the infamous "folly trolley" would be the same snotty, elitist Scottsdale pricks who - fresh off the plane from Los Angeles - regularly clutter up our freeways with all manner of comically inconsiderate driving-related antics, I would have commited voter fraud simply to prevent this ridiculous waste of state money's passage. But I digress.The thought process of the think-tank that concocted this monument to instant obsolescence must have been as follows:Stuffy Snobsdale Suit # 1: Alright, folks. Phoenix has a public transportation problem. But rather than address it by building something that goes faster and further than anyone could hope to go on Phoenix's impossibly congested freeways and streets, let's grandstand about greenhouse gas emissions and build a glorified trolley that - at maximum speed -  goes the bloody SPEED LIMIT.Stuffy Snobsdale Suit # 2: I'm prepared to agree, provided that it stops at stop-lights and precludes the adjacent lanes of traffic from going forward, thus creating more problems than it ultimately fixes.Stuffy Snobsdale Suit #1: DEAL! Now, on to pointless smoking ordinances...*Ahem*Oh, yeah, I rode the thing. Alot of people have been talking about the cleanliness of the cars... I would have to disagree on that one. Sure, the cabin doesn't reek of urine or anything, but some of the surfaces do have that dull, darkish dirtiness to them (think, the ball-pits at McDonald's). The colors of the car's innards remind you of maybe the New York subway system, but with less fecal matter (give it time)... and of course, with 99% less speed or usefulness. Honestly, the Universal Studios tour bus moves faster than this nearly-inert silvery heap. And while we're on the subject of its shiny exterior, who painted this pokey, pastel metal tube? I haven't seen this much pastel green since Miami Vice.While I bemoan the primary passengers of the Metro Light Rail, I do have to laugh at their misfortune as a Tempe Soccer Mom finds herself sitting directly across from a smack-addicted hobo, even as I suddenly find myself humming the theme to 'The Odd Couple". The price I really can't complain about. Not too high, not too cheap. But more than once I felt like just getting out and walking.
4	I don't ride the rail much other than for the fun of it. Been on a couple rail day rides just to check out the stops and see what I see. It was a bit crowded but we had a really great time. In fact we got to check out some great spots along the route and even visit the Heard Museum (which I hadn't seen before) due to some public tweets via twitter. All in all it was a really great experience. I look forward to my next adventure. :)
4	Phoenix has needed this for so long.  I've lived with the construction and put up with it for so long that it would be silly to not use it.  It's great to use to head over to the airport for a lovely evening of Paradise Bakery and people watching.  It's great to use for a long night of drinking at FEZ so you only have to stumble to the stop in order to get home safely.  It's nice because it can get my little bro out from the East Valley to see me because heaven knows the boy couldn't navigate his way to Downtown Phoenix.  It's clean, it's somewhat efficient, and it doesn't take too long.  Only on rare occasions does it smell.  That's usually only when you get on the same train as all the construction workers who just got off work.  I'm glad to have this in Phoenix and I am excited to see the future plans for extending it.  Let's see how the summer goes.p.s. I would love it if there were a last call train that started at each end at 2:00AM.
3	I've ridden the light rail quite a few times. I'm sure if I lived closer to a stop, I'd ride it more. We'll see how efficient it is for commuters when it expands. I'm thrilled Phoenix finally has some sort of mass transit besides the bus. As far as this being THE solution to overcrowded streets and freeways, I think not. However, a city has to start somewhere and I am happy that Phoenix has the light rail finally. It actually somewhat felt like I lived in a real city when I was riding it (as in, a city that's cool and has culture other than white bread activities) but I digress...Unfortunately...It's slow.It stops at lights.And it's not very efficient. To get from the Dobson/Main stop in Mesa to the stop in Phoenix for First Friday's it took over an hour. That wasn't accounting for the delay in the car of over 30 minutes!It would have cost me less and taken less time (even without the delay) to have driven from far east Gilbert, parked near First Friday's, and driven home. Yah, I'm a hater, sorry. It's good if you're one of the lucky ones in one of our sprawling cities that has the great convienince of living within a couple miles of the line, other than that it's not cost or time efficient for the hundreds of thousands of others...rather just a novelty.
3	It's a pretty solid option IMO as far as cheap transportation to downtown Phoenix or to Mill Ave.  The train was waiting right after the D-Backs game just as advertised and it really wasn't as crowded as people say.  Buying tickets from the little machine was easy as you can use cash, debit, and credit.  Plus last night the attendant was there for the people who had questions.  My only complaint is not running past 11 on Friday & Saturday nights but you can't miss what you never really had.  I will use it again as it's just too simple.
3	Normally I'd pen a long winded speech about climate change and environmental stewardship, but in this case I'll simply say that Valley Metro Rail is a start, and a long overdue piece to Phoenix Metro area's transportation puzzle.I am frustrated that it's not further expanded, and that it runs along traffic, and stops at the lights, and that the traffic systems don't seem sync'ed with the train schedule.That being said, I work 8 miles from my house, I don't take freeways, and I would never be able to use this mode of transport for my commute. I will primarily use it for attending sporting events or to get downtown without the hassle of parking.Bottom line: I like it, and I'm excited for it to grow.(p.s. I think we missed the opportunity to call this thing PhART - Phoenix Area Rapid Transit, more catchy imho)
2	No, I don't want to take the bus to get to the train. In my opinion, they didn't go far enough for people who live in Phoenix. It may be a good solution for Tempe and Mesa residents commuting to Phoenix, but it isn't effective for Phoenicians who want to get from the north valley into CenPho.
5	Easy to navigate, clean and on time. :)
4	it doesn't pick me up from my door, but it saves me some gas and patience when I live my car at any park & ride. It is sad to see that not even 1 year old and people is already destroying it (some windows are scratched). Hopefully they can see the advantage of having this light rail and extend it's working hours.
3	I've ridden the rail a handful of times now. It's ok, I still wish it was more like BART in the Bay Area. I hate that it runs along the street. I hate that it doesn't go a bunch of places.I've taken it to A's spring training games. About half a mile walk up Priest from the Priest/Washington station. Not a bad walk, slightly uphill. Glad to do it in the spring. Took it to downtown Phoenix. Shame on me, I didn't realize besides baseball and/or basketball, there is nothing to do in downtown Phoenix. I looked really stupid to my friends I took there.Buying a ticket is easy. So is NOT buying a ticket. Have yet to see a worker, besides the operator, on any of my rides. Lots of bums sleeping on the trains though.Trains can be full, but still comfy. The real test will be so see how hot they are during the summer.Avoid parking at the Sycamore/Main station in Mesa if you will be going anywhere after dark. You have to walk a bit from the station. I've taken to going to the Price/101 station even though it's a bit farther. The lot is right there and not hidden far from the tracks.
3	I am an Arizona native now living in Dallas, Texas and all I can say is it is about time Phoenix began to compete with other large metropolitan areas that have light rail service. On a recent trip back home for a belated birthday excursion, I had an opportunity to ride the rail downtown to see a comedy show. The train was clean (for public transportation) and graffiti free. I found the honor system of paying for a ticket a little silly since it is my understanding this project was mucho expensive, but hey, I understand you have to find a way to entice those car loving drivers somehow.Unfortunately for us, the first night I rode the rail with a friend, it broke down 2 stops from our destination. After sitting at the station for 10 minutes with no announcement from the driver, we figured out we probably weren't going anywhere anytime soon. When we walked past the conductor's car, he just shrugged his shoulders and mouthed the words "It's broke". Gee, do you think you could have told us that over the intercom without us having to walk up and tap on your window? On the plus side, the majority of people on the train were going to the NRA convention, so walking downtown at night could not have been safer (and made for interesting people watching).Post Script: After the show, we caught the train back and the ride went without a hitch. The light rail gets 3 stars for the quick save in the bottom of the 9th inning.
5	The Valley's light rail caused a lot of controversy when it was voted into effect (by a landslide), while it was being constructed (with a movement to stop the light rail, even while streets were torn up to install it) and now that it's being used and beating expectations (being called a waste of money).Truth be told, it's public transportation and like all forms of transportation it's just another option for getting around. If you want to spend a day around Central Phoenix you can purchase an all-day pass while saving gas. If you want to go to one place in particular and want to get there in a hurry, you may want to use a car. If you want to get to one place in particular and don't want to pay more money for parking and/or anticipate heavy traffic congestion afterward, the light rail is a great option.No, it isn't a subway system, but one opposing argument to the rail is its expense. Given Phoenix' granite and caliche base, plus it's sprawl, a subway would've cost significantly more and would've taken significantly longer to build. Yes, it has limited access. A by-product of this age of instant gratification is impatience, and unfortunately, building the damn thing takes A LOT of time. We won't wake up and have an extensive system, ever. The line is exactly as Valley Metro calls it: a STARTER line. More lines are scheduled to be built and it will take time until other lines feed into it and give more of the Valley light rail access. Every city with rail transportation had to start with one line at one time or another.Most complaints about the system are more or less people complaining just to complain. It's modern, comfortable, doesn't have that "rat in a tunnel" feel subways do, and gives people other options of getting around.
4	"Exit to lef"Every time I hear this, I'm thinking, "There's a t at the end of left! A t for God sakes"! Then I calm down and fixate on the homeless man rubbing his feet.While I'm glad I don't have to rely on public transportation to get work (I walk actually), I LOVE having it in my hood. I've taken it to the movies, to get a haircut and to the movies and to get a haircut. OK. So I haven't used it that much. Trains arrive, it seems, in 10 to 15 minute intervals. Trains are (so far) extremely clean. I miss the advertising however, like in NYC. I want posters about STD's and community colleges. Gimme something to look at. Besides the homeless man's toes.
3	Visited Phoenix in February and was excited to hitch a ride from the airport straight to the hotel I needed to arrive at. How convenient!I was only here for a weekend, but this and walking was everyone's main mode of transportation. Our tickets were checked twice - one night going to Mill and another time during the day. I like how there are bike racks inside - this would be extremely useful if I lived here..and chose to ride a bike. When my group went to Mill, we were told the last train to take us back to Van Buren/Washington left at 11:30 PM..so at about 11:20, we left the club - only to walk to the stop and have another group of kids tell us they had just missed the last train! My friend had to call her friend to come pick us stranded passengers up and take us back. I'll be back here in January..hopefully the schedule will be more dependable and consistent. We'll see!
4	After much anticipation, the light rail finally opened for business in December of 2008.  I eagerly waiting on pins and  needles for this.  See, after I moved out here, I got hooked on the Rapid shuttle bus system.  It was glorious!  I was able to get to work in less time (and gas money) then if I were to have driven.  The same rule applies to the light rail.  Its a much easier commute for me versus driving. But, sometimes  I wonder what other people really expect the light rail to do for them.  I wanted to list the pros and cons of the light rail so people can adaquately adjust thier expectations and understand what they are getting into.Pros:A) The cost of the light rail is relatively cheap.  $2.50 a day, or $45 a month, you are getting a rock solid deal.  Think about how much gas you use in your car.  I doubt its less then what light rail charges.B) The light rail is clean!  I have yet to see a dirty train!  Well air conditioned as well.C)  The train is not going to be faster then your car speedwise.  I've seen a few reviews where people have said that they could have driven faster then the train.  Well, duh!  Your car is going to be faster then the train.  It makes frequent stops, and doesnt go as fast as your car does.  Please plan accordingly.  You will need to leave earlier due to waiting for the train, riding and walking to your destination.D) If you see something wacko on the train, call 911.  Or valley metro.   seriously.Cons: I can't think of any at the moment.Anyways, point is, I ride it to work twice a day M-F.  It saves me gas money, and mostly a very expensive parking bill for working downtown.  Please, ride the light rail, and enjoy!
4	I've ridden the light rail a few times.  Here's my opinion.Likes:I'd rather have some one else drive downtown anyway.Fun to meet peopleComfortable enough.Saves money in gas/parkingFaster to get home on game night than driving.Dislikes:Homeless people riding..no offenseNot well policed, I've never seen security on a train, rarely on a track.Not convenient to get on from Mesa-need more lines.Not easy to understand how to pay, etc.  If they are losing money, it's their own fault.My two cents.NB
4	Yeah, I saw someones ass hanging out of their basketball shorts (must have been laundry day cuz he didn't have any underwear on), but that's part of the adventure. I hate driving downtown (ok, I hate driving in general) so this alternative is a dream come true. The carts were clean and we didn't have to wait long for one to ever come by. We didn't have any problems and it stopped for a light maybe 3 times from the end of the track in Mesa to downtown and back. We got on and off about 3 times and we never saw anyone checking tickets even when it was packed and standing room only.I can't wait until this thing runs until 2 am next month so we can check out some more places downtown and in central Phoenix.
2	**I'm posting this again, because I guess I posted the first one to the wrong light rail?**I have taken a ride on the light rail a few times now and I have some stories!! The first time I rode the light rail I took it from Mill Ave to Phoenix to see the D-Backs and Cubs play. My friends had caught a tram in Mesa so I sat there and watched a few trams come and go before I got onto the one with my friends on it. That was easy enough...there was enough room for me and the ride was smooth and fun (though I can't say it was relaxing)...Any ways. After the game was quite an experience! The tram ride home was a little more crowed now that the game had let out. There were two die hard fans in our car from the two teams who started talking trash to each other...well one of them had a little too much to drink and one thing lead to another and they were soon yelling threats at each other. Right before the drunker one took a swing (in a very crowded car) an older man stood up and shut them both up before someone got hurt...the tension in the air was thick the whole way back to Tempe where the Cub fan got off and punched the window. The friends of the other guy had to hold him back...I mean come on!! Okay, then I had the pleasure of using the light rail to go to the Circus. Again I was headed to Phoenix but this time I got on at the Washington stop. It was again a fun ride, but I couldn't say that it was a relaxing ride...there was this bum who was asking people for money and I think it would be better with some music playing in the background...any ways the ride home wasn't as eventful as the baseball game crowd, but again, there was another bum asking for money...can people just ride in peace?I like the light rail - I really do...it's always an interesting experience, but I just don't feel safe on it. I used to take the metro bus from Gilbert to Mesa every day for a while and I felt safer on that then I do on the light rail and the bums who ride the bus don't ask me for money either.
5	I love the Light Rail...finally something that really resembles a big city.  I am a city gal what can I say?  I remember when I first moved to AZ how horrified I was of the downtown area in general.  I now live in the heart of it and am beyond happy with the direction downtown is taking.  The light rail makes it just that much better.  We did a pub crawl not too long ago and it  was perfect, especially since they have extended the weekend hours.  Taking it to Mill Ave is awesome...I never have to park down there ever again.  I have seen some interesting things sure but it is public transportation and seeing as how I have been on the subway in NY, the T-Train in Boston and even the subway in Tokyo, let me tell you that the light rail happenings are pretty timid in comparison!  The fact that you don't have to drive downtown if you don't want to is simply fantastic.  All in all it really is the perfect addition to a growing city.**OK gave up the 5th star Abu!**
4	First ride on the light rail and nowhere to go.  I have absolutely no need for this thing, but I wanted to try it anyway.  So, one evening in downtown my friend and I decided to see what kinda shenanigans we could find.  Positive #1.  Crazy people.  God do I love crazy people.  A lovely lady sang Marvin Gay's "Let's Get it On" word for word to another passenger.  She even reached out and touched him as she belted "lovin' you could never be wrong."  I'm not sure if he liked it because he wasn't smiling on the outside, but I sure loved it.Positive #2.  While riding I spotted some fun looking lights.  I ended up on the grass looking up at Sky Bloom in some downtown Phoenix park.  It was a nice little surprise.  Positive#3.  Super clean and air conditioned.  It's nothing special, but it's not gross or smelly. Negative #1.  I have a dream, a dream where I can stumble out of the bar at 2am and ride the light rail all the way home.  In my dream the light rail actually takes me places, places I want or need to be.  For now it's just a novelty- like, hey look at me!  I'm a big city, I have a light rail, wawawewoo, king of castle, bla bla bla.  Someday I will not have to drive everywhere, someday.
4	Rode downtown last Friday night for the First Friday festivities.  An older gentleman gave us his all day passes as he was exiting the 19th Ave and Bethany stop.  Sweet, we didn't have to pay!  I quickly realized though that him and his wife's tickets were reduced fare for seniors.  I guess you can get a ticket if you have the wrong type of ticket.  Enter Light Rail "Security Officers".  That was our cue to get off.We walked one mile, got back on at the next stop, and rode the rest of the way hassle-free.  I love the Light Rail!
5	I'm going to be honest and say up front that I am a huge supporter of light rail and have been an advocate for many, many years. First off, HAHAHAHA all you haters! We built it! It's here! It's been a huge success! And second, it's about damn time Phoenix! Salt Lake City had more public transportation options than Phoenix did. But Phoenix is a city that grew up with and was built in the later half of the 20th century around the automobile. The beautiful, walkable, urban city that Phoenix once was (and it was!) was demolished long ago to make way for parking lots, wider streets, and freeways for even more cars. But hey, gas was cheap and commutes were relatively short, and that nasty brown cloud of pollution circling the Valley wasn't really THAT bad. My biggest complaint for years was that Phoenix has no alternatives to the car. (Yes, I know there was the bus and I used it. But a bus is not a train.) Personally, I hate driving. Hate it. I hate going slow, I hate the stupid drivers who pull out in front of me FOR NO REASON, and hate that I miss every green light. And I loathe the speed cameras. But Dec 27, 2008 was what I call, The Day the Valley Changed. (It was also the day before my birthday and Phoenix gave me the best present ever- a train.)I seriously have nothing to complain about. The light rail is perfect in every way. It's sleek and beautiful, it glides down the road like it's on ice skates, it's clean, it's cheap, it goes to the places I want to be. Each station has art that reflects the neighborhood the station is in. The light rail connects to the airport. The weekend hours were recently extended (hooray!). All real cities have trains and it is LONG overdue in Phoenix. I guess I do have one complaint: people need to shut the H up about it already and we need to extend it all over the Valley immediately. I've found through talking to people that the ones who are most belligerent and those who seem to hate the train the most, are the people who have never travelled far. (Not EVERYONE of course, but a lot. They always use the word "boondoggle" as well and never provide any evidence.) And to those who say that the light rail doesn't go near them, I say, too bad. That's what you get for living out in the sprawling suburbs. Enjoy your expensive gas and cars. But the light rail is here to stay. It has changed the face of the Valley, it has changed development patterns and it has made Phoenix a better city. I still can't believe when the train speeds across the bridge over Tempe Town Lake that I'm actually in the Valley of the Sun.
5	5 stars. Phoenix is becoming more and more like a "real city."First of all, I ride the light rail to and from work 5 days a week. It's on time, air-conditioned and remarkably clean. The Tempe kids are harder on it than the transients who invariably use it to cool off downtown.Parking at the airport is a thing of the past.Dinner downtown or in Tempe? Have as much wine as you want. You've got a sober driver until well after the bars close (on the weekends, at least). If they ever get a line out to Scottsdale, it's over. I'd sell my car. Bottom line: if you can use the light rail, you should. It's convenient, fast and environmentally responsible. Support it now and encourage expansion.
2	Being that I was on a Light Rail pub crawl, I had to take advantage of the light rail...I walked down from Mill Avenue to the Light Rail and boarded the train to Priest & Washington. My friend has written about odd folks on the light rail, and this was no exception. On the way back from the bar I sat too far from where the train would stop. After it finally stopped, I began walking toward it and realizing it was further away than I expected, I started jogging (and drunk jogging is not impressive). Still, as I drew closer the chimes sounded and the door started to close before I made it - then an arm came through stopping the door and I was able to board. It was an older guy who appeared to be in the same condition I was in - or worse. A few young college students were behind me and starring at him in amazement as he started talking to me. He asked me if I was from here. Queen Creek I said. Oh, you are from here? Well, really from Ohio. He said but from Earth? He told me that he mostly recently came from Albuquerque and he was trying to get back on this train. He talked to me about time travel and how his relatives came from St. Louis on a wagon and it took 6 months. Isn't an airplane a form of time travel? You can make the same journey in 3 hours. How is that possible? I did keep up the conversation with him because he really into his tale and would agree to any BS I threw out there. I said telephones might be the next time travel machine and this light rail was a form of time travel also. He talked about Einstein and Relativity... As we reached the Mill exit he said he was trying to ride the train back to Albuquerque and maybe if he stayed on it he would find his way back....good luck with that - but thanks for holding the door for me!
4	Firstly, Yelpers: this is public transportation! It's a given that it might be a little smelly and there might be some crazies. It's a train, not a limo. Sillies. Now that the lightrail has extended hours, you can stumble out of the bar and ride home relatively safely. And if you ARE harassed by one of the crazies taking a city tour, you can do like my friends and I did last weekend...get off that particular train and get on the next one. That crack head won't have any idea you're still on the rail. It's terrific! Plus, the extended hours offers great entertainment, so long as you aren't the drunk kid everyone is laughing at. If you're gonna be a jerk and steal a ride, watch out for the train cops. Or you could just pay so that the lightrail stays in business and my drunken, sore footed self doesn't have to walk home.
4	When I was in Phoenix, I didn't rent a car. Luckily, my conference-meeting was in the downtown area, which is not far from my (Lexington) hotel on N Central Ave. There is one specific shuttle that will take me to the Valley-Metro Rail line and that shuttle, which runs every 10-15 minutes, takes me to E Washington St. and 44th Ave where I can take the Valley Metro Rail line to my hotel, which also operates every 10-15 minutes. And if you're lazy (like me), that same street car also takes you to ASU, Phoenix Convention Center, Chase Field and American Airline Arena. The ride from the airport to the downtown Financial district area, the sports-venues and my hotel takes 20 minutes and the fare is $1.75.  Since I was there for two days, I bought a three-day pass for $10.50. The pass gives me access to all the Valley Metro Transit systems for my two day stay.  The buses and streetcars are clean with "strong and powerful" air-conditioning. Many of the drivers and passengers are really friendly and helpful by giving me UFC tips about the city of Phoenix.Despite being a bareface tourist, I do feel welcomed and the "love" from the city of Phoenix.
4	ah I'll throw in my 2 cents worth.  First, I tried to take the Metro from McClintock, the signs for the park n ride led me into the weirdest trailer court ever.  And I thought smoking weed with meth addicts in a trailer court was weird, this was worse.  Thank you City of Tempe.Since I was not High I decided to go down Apache to the next Park n Ride, which was at Dorsey Lane, easy pleasy.The service gets a big A for effort, in that it gets people off the roads.  Another A goes for not having police goons like in Minneap frisking every "person of color" which yeah it happens there.  The Metro here was just people going from place to place, many with bicycles, just a cool experience really.  Downtown Phoenix ain't much to shout about but I'm glad I went there nonetheless.
4	I love riding the light rail and dining at establishments that don't allow firearms.  Why?  Because I'm liberal scum.Facetious political banter aside, I think that the light rail is a great addition to Phoenix.  Not everyone is able to take advantage of it due to its limited proximity, but she's still but a pup and will expand in due time over the years.As it is now, the light rail has really been a major help to me and very convenient.  I've taken it downtown many, many times, have used it to hit up the swap meet (that was awesome), go to a baseball game and dine out at places I ordinarily couldn't make it to as a bike commuter.I remember when it was brand spanking new, everyone on there was riding it for the sheer spectacle of it.  Now, though, drunken lunatics feel welcome aboard.  They're not all that common, they're not in that majority, but if you ride the light rail enough, you will see your handful of raving, yelling-at-the-moon type maniacs.  For me, it adds character.  I hope to see it branch out in the years that come.
3	When I crashed my car, Valley Metro was my only form of transportation for the foreseeable future. I know the routes like the back of my hand.What I've found is that: Valley Metro is totally demonized as this scary black hole where it's full of meth heads and serial killers who ride around on buses all day long. Which isn't true, though there are some serious creeps and crazies. Most people just want to mind their business. Buses are almost always late. Always. And certain routes are to be avoided at ALL COSTS. (50, 44, The Red Line...)Anyway. VM has attempted to fix their schedule by stopping ahead of schedule buses. This leads to the most annoying experience ever, and for some reason always happens on Bell Road. The bus pulls over at a station and you hear the automated female voice repeat, "This bus is ahead of schedule." Which is code for, we're not moving for a good 10 minutes sucker. The lack of demand also has resulted in few buses operating, canceled routes, and an aging fleet. The prices have gone up to what they might be in a regular city, (Which makes me sad, because being under 18 I could pay 60 cents for a ticket) but not anymore. But that's okay by me, as long as it still runs.Also, I've found the light rail to be depressing. It comes nowhere near the heavily trafficked zones of the North Valley or 101. Alternatively, it runs along the dead Central Avenue corridor 2/3 of the route which is only used during the time of a game or event. So I guess that's really just a planning problem. I know I'm making excuses for Valley Metro, which has left me in the cold, (or hot rather) numerous times. I want to like you, VM, but this is a one-way relationship. Luckily, my new car provides a better alternative. But I try to help out the environment on High Pollution Advisory Days by riding the bus.
5	What a fun trip. We went from 19th Ave and Bethany to Mill for a pub crawl. Met some funny people, met some gross people. All in all what a fun way to spend a night.
3	VMR is a good system, but an amateur one. It needs to seriously branch out into the more congested suburbs if it wants to turn a serious profit. Other than that, it's run on time and efficiently, and it convenient for park + ride and bus transfers.
5	I had no idea such a thing even existed in Phoenix until the nice chatty lady on the plane suggested it to me. Thanks, Valley Metro Rail and nice chatty lady, for making my 5 hour layover in Phoenix way more fun than the free wifi at the airport could possibly ever have, and helping me fall just that much more in love with the gorgeous state of Arizona!As I understand it, there isn't exactly a extensive public transportation network in place -- YET -- but this is a great start. It's one simple line that connects downtown Phoenix, the airport, right through downtown Tempe and Mesa.  I took it from the airport to Tempe to walk around for the afternoon, grab dinner, window shop, enjoy the sun, generally be outside and happy and looking at cactii and non-flat terrain and SUNSHINE and not being in the airport! I'm such a fangirl! It's clean, quick, well marked and easy to navigate, and if you were starting from scratch on public transportation infrastructure, I don't know if there are many more logical routes to begin with.I can see how it would get a lot of traffic with university students, people working downtown, and my favourite, visitors in town for events at the convention centre downtown. Being able to offer an non-taxi, not rent a car option for visitors is SUCH a plus for the city, and just makes so much sense - I love it! Go Phoenix!
4	Living within walking distance of the VMR has been a great help to getting me around Tempe and Phoenix, and because it connects to the airport, around the world.  The VMR is an excellent way for tourists to see the city, allowing them to travel through the two best downtown areas, as well as much of CenPho.  The VMR is totally limited as of now, but an expansion into downtown Mesa and a branch into Scottsdale or at least Central East Phoenix will do wonders.The Light Rail's economic impact is yet to be seen.  To judge the success of the service on ridership alone is missing the point of progress.  There are several groups that opposed the rail, and many of valid points, but now that we have the rail here, shouldn't we just work to make it better?3 stars because it is a good start and improves the value of the city to visitors and inverstors.  Only 3 because of some poor planning (oddly configured change over at the airport, no extension to Mesa's downtown and the fact that it will stop in the middle of its route at midnight).
4	For the past four months, I've used the light rail to get to the ASU campus and to work. In those past four months, the amount of books I've read has increased exponentially from when I spent the same amount of commuter time driving. Sure - it'd probably save time for me to drive, but then I'd have to pay attention to all of the dangerous Phoenix drivers. Personally, I'll take the lightrail and book.And as others have mentioned, there are plenty of bums and crazies, sure, but that's public transportation. Only once have I felt a bit uncomfortable due to an intoxicated rider. And he was just admiring my tattoos a little too closely. So in all fairness, I was probably asking for it.I understand that some people might have complaints about how much the light rail cost Phoenix (and the state), but as the fifth largest city in the country - isn't it time that we finally got a suitable public transportation system other than buses? We will always have to pay taxes, so why not use those tax dollars for something beneficial to the city? The state certainly doesn't seem to be planning to use those dollars for education and public safety. (Did I just give myself away as a liberal? Oh well.)And for those of you who might complain that the lightrail has made it unsafe for drivers (especially those drivers making left turns), might I mention that if the drivers just obeyed the traffic laws (you mean, red means stop?!) there wouldn't be any issues. I feel much safer taking the lightrail everyday than I did when I drove. The light rail is efficient and clean (really! how many other cities can say that their public transportation is clean?). Let's be happy we have it and hope that they break ground on new lines to Scottsdale, West Phoenix and East Mesa soon.
1	One star. It takes twice as long to ride the line from one end to the other as it takes to drive it. It goes nowhere useful. Christown Mall? Mill Ave with all it's empty storefronts? The cost of the fare, not even counting the subsidy, is more than the gas it would cost to drive this distance. The ticket machines are overcomplicated. It makes driving in central Phoenix a nightmare.If I could give it 0 stars, I would. My review was flagged and removed by Yelp HQ once "because it lacks a first-hand experience of the business." Hey Yelp HQ nannies. I've ridden it a number of times, it sucks. And I pay for it every time I buy something whether I ride it or not because of the sales tax. And it makes left turns on Central Ave a pain in the ass. So if that doesn't constitute experience with the business, please tell me what does the next time you remove my review. It's slow and a bad value, and it only is useful if you're going to go from a place within a few blocks, to a place within a few blocks. There is limited space for bicycles. If time and money have no value to you, I guess that 5 stars makes sense. If you still think it's worth 5 stars, I want some of what you're smoking, because $1.75 for a service that costs $15 out of the pockets of others to provide.Shocking.If we bought each rider a brand new Prius III for $23,000 it would cost us just over $425 million, that is nearly ONE BILLION DOLLARS LESS than the $1.4 billion we pay to move them by rail, instead. 80% of ridership are former bus riders, so it hardly removes any cars from the road. Instead, it steals lanes, makes left turns dangerous and difficult, and makes traffic and congestion worse.Just another example of crooked valley governments granting special favors to real estate developers, privatizing the profits and socializing the costs. Welcome to Phoenix. All aboard the Fail Rail!
4	Okay, so I rode the light rail / bus after a long and treacherous bike ride from North Scottsdale. And much to my surprise, everything ran smoothly. Mostly. (Shocker, right?)Took the light rail from Van Buren. Got on the train with my bike, and of course there were no more bike racks available. But that's alright, I'm used to riding the BART in the Bay Area with my bike on a packed train. Some crazies around me, but no biggie. I guess in the first car there was an issue with a guy yelling or something, but the Municipal Transit Police took care of it. (I've never seem them before, kudos!)Anyway, got off at Camelback and Central to transfer to the 39. Super easy. It came right on time, and the driver, who was really awesome showed me how to use the bike rack, since I never had before. But yeah, I've never experienced such a cool driver before. They're usually melancholy or breathing swears out of the corners of their mouths...but she was funny, gregarious, friendly. The whole bus was in a cheery mood. I could never do that. I know being a bus driver is not an easy job, and I'm envious of her optimism. It was a really positive experience. Oh, and when did so many people start using public transit? The train was packed full, and the bus half full. (That's a lot for buses.) Anyway, I miss public transit. I'm going to do the whole bike / bus combo way more often.
4	Having lived in Tempe and walking distance from two light rail stations, I have ridden the light rail more times than I can count. I've ridden it to work, to the airport and home from Sky Harbor, to and from events at Chase Field and US Airways arena, and to go downtown or Central Phoenix for Friday or Saturday nights out with my husband and/or friends. The trains are always clean and I've never had to wait too long at any of the stations for the next train. The ticket machines are for the most part quick and easy to use; however, I have had a few problems with them not accepting the cash I have tried to put in even though it's not wrinkly or crumpled at all. This caused me to miss a few trains which at the time really ticked me off.I don't mind the honor system that light rail employs, but is it really necessary to check tickets twice within two stops? Also, why check tickets when the trains are filled to the max before and after a baseball game? I know the trains are public, but I actually found being solicited on the train for petition signatures really annoying. As a woman who rode the train alone at night at times, I find light rail to be safe as the stations are well lit and there are never too many people on late at night. For the summer, can I put a request in now for misters?? The speed of light rail doesn't bother me either, as I really enjoyed using the time on the train to read or catch up on emails/ESPN/the news on my Blackberry. Thee ride from Tempe to the airport is about fifteen minutes and from Tempe to downtown (Central and Van Buren station) is about 35 minutes or so. Sure I could have driven in half the time, but the convenience of not having to drive and park at sporting events, work, the airport, etc, well makes up for the time. Additonally with the light rail running until 2 am on weekends, it's nice for when you want to have a few drinks and don't want to risk a DUI.I hope that light rail eventually expands throughout the Valley as I think it's a great addition to the Valley. Plus anything that affords such fantastic people watching (both at the stations and on the train) is A-OK in my book!
4	yes i'm a fan.  this sleek new way of getting around sans car is exactly what phoenix has been waiting for.  central phoenix is getting good and connecting the airport with mill is genius.  now, can we connect south phoenix in on this too?  i need help getting my s phx home to appreciate in value.  thx.
4	Any time we go downtown we take the light rail, like last night we went to the Suns game. We parked for free at the park n ride at Central and C-back and the rail drops you off in front of the stadium. Right now you can ride for free if you have a ticket to any event at the US Airways Center, which works well because the ticket machines are either broken or you get those stupid susan b anthony coins for change. The light rail is great for many reasons; it saves gas, less frustration/expense of parking, and most importantly terrific people watching. On game days its fun because the train is packed with Suns fans and other days there are all kinds of interesting people. If you want to see city living at its best and worst- ride the light rail!
4	I don't understand the people who don't like or understand the light rail. I think its a big step in the Valley embracing being a big city. I live near the light rail route so maybe I'm biased, but having the light rail has gotten me more out and about trying new restaurants downtown and in Tempe. It's a nice ride and a great cost savings on game nights.
4	So apparently on Sundays they run single trains... LAMEIt was so freaking packed you either sat next to the sleeping man or stood with you ass in the face of the old man. There were more bikes then I have ever seen before. We still had a good time but it could have been better.
5	Light rail extended its hours!In an ideal world it would be 24 hours, and run every 10 minutes all the time.  I am still going to give it 5 stars as 24 hours seems pretty inconceivable in Phoenix.
4	My son and I drove completely out of our way last night just to take the Light Rail to First Friday  (I could have taken the 51 and gotten downtown sooner).  Did I ride the rail to save fossil fuels?  Obviously not.   I've lived in AZ since 1982 and this was the FIRST time I ever rode public transportation in the state.  It was cleaner than the subways in NYC and there were a lot less drunks than the time I took the train from Downtown Chicago to Wrigley Field.  I'm a fan of Light Rail.  I enjoyed the entire experience and I wish the rail ran all over the valley.
4	Finally we get a light rail!! I live about a block away from a station. I take it on the weekends sometimes to go out and not have to worry about driving.It opens up Mill avenue and downtown Phoenix for me and a lot more places to yelp about :)  I wish they would get a line from Scottsdale to Chandler..but baby steps.. I am just glad there is now a start to a real mass transit system here in the valley.The biggest improvement is they run the trains till 2:30-3ish on the weekends for people to stumble home ..JUST LIKE ME!My work also covers a transportation pass so its free too! ..
4	As a recent tourist I would like to thank the local taxpayers for providing this line. I found this conveyance to be cheap,  efficient, clean, safe and convenient.
5	I'm loving this train and all the stations, each with individualized art-mostly pertaining to the stations location. its easy to get on and off. i ride with my bike and unless its middle of rush hour, there is always room for us both.  i've enjoyed it in the morning and the evening, each time arriving at my destination calm and fresh. my favorite part is watching all the people drive by, slower than our train lol. i just hope that one day there is a metro light rail running down Camelback road thru the biltmore area. ah maybe, if only; one day soon.
4	Oh how I enjoy our time together. Although I have not come to trust you when it comes to getting me where I need to be at exactly the right time (i.e. the airport for an early flight) I love you when I really have no place to be and have a few hours to play. Up and down the rail, I study your stops and each time find something new. Hop off and on and walk to explore these neighborhoods I would have never explored before. You help me entertain not only myself but friends and family who are visiting. I look forward to your potential expansion eastward into Scottsdale and westward to the stadiums in Glendale. *sigh* Until then I shall remain enamored with your complex simplicity.
2	It's a smooth ride. It sometimes eliminates the need to transfer buses and the waiting that entails. It runs frequently and it runs early until late, beyond Valley Metro bus service. Still it's pretty slow and I think the money could have been better used to extend and increase route service throughout the valley.
1	I would like to give this service 0 stars but unfortunately Yelp does not allow such things.  So 1 star it is!The monorail almost got me a bench warrant in the city of Phoenix. How?  Okay I'm from New York, we have TURNSTILES, you swipe your Metrocard THEN you enter.  This system has nothing!  Wait...It has 1 machine in the only area where you can choose to tap your card if you want to.  Otherwise, you board without a card and risk the Phoenix police issuing you a ticket in court the following week.  I was here on vacation, luckily no ticket for me or I would have been an outlaw in this city.Ugh!!
3	When the rail expands to cover Scottsdale as well as another East West Route (Indian School or Camelback?) I will add a star. Being from New York and taking the subway to work every day, I never thought I would even want to see another train again much less ride it.However, given that the traffic here is brutal, I have embraced the light rail in it's limited role. Since I live in the East Valley and need my car for work I can't use it. Me and friends do take it for ball games and shows that are downtown and it's great that way. I also use it if I have a series of downtown appointments and working at Central and Thomas makes that happen. Plus it's cheap!My only concern is that they really didn't take security to seriously. It's too easy to ride without paying since there's not enough money to go around to provide for police to check tickets.
4	One of the first things anyone told me when I was looking to move to Phoenix a year and a half ago was that the light rail was coming and was going to be awesome - a true game changer. When the light rail opened I rarely rode it at first. The hours sucked and the last thing I wanted was to end up stranded in Phoenix because I refused to leave by 11pm. Now the weekend hours at least have changed, and while sometimes it still sucks (house parties don't always end at 2am), I mostly like it. I've found myself taking the light rail even more now that I am back from a stint overseas and hating driving my car. In the past week, I've used it four times to make trips downtown for some fun and mischief. Unfortunately I am only able to use the light rail for recreational reasons as I work in Snottsdale, and they, apparently, aren't fans of the light rail. My only hope is to have it hit farther in Tempe or Mesa that I can take my bike and ride a few miles in after a stop... but I don't think that will happen either. I know that's not really the LR's fault, but it still makes me bitter.The adventures are fun on the LR and it's actually helped this newby that's terribly unblessed with being navigationally challenged on top of it to navigate the Phoenix area, downtown in particular. I never thought that would happen, and it probably wouldn't have been possible without the help of the light rail.
4	Living in the southeast valley, the light rail wasn't something I felt I needed to seek out and take. It was always just easier (and faster) to take my car, rather than drive out of the way simply to catch the rail. However, with a friend in town and needing to go into Tempe to pick up a packet for Pat's Run, I decided to give it a whirl. One ride totally changed my perspective. Driving out of the way to Dobson and Main is completely worth it. The ride from there to Tempe was quick, and the train is clean and air-conditioned. A great experience, and to not have the pressure of driving into Tempe, finding a place to park, wondering how much it will cost, etc. was great. We ended up taking it again the next day for Pat's Run. The next week I was in Tempe again for an event at Madcap Theatre and once again the rail was a great convenience. I didn't realize how much I missed DT Tempe until I was able to freely spend some time there again. Now, when I know I need to head west for whatever reason, I am in the habit of checking the rail line and seeing where the stops are. Turns out the Girl Scout store (I'm a GS Leader) has a light rail stop just a few blocks away... Naturally I would like the rail to be extended further east. For now however, if you're heading into Tempe or Phoenix and live in Gilbert or Queen Creek or anywhere more east than Mesa, it will save you fuel and stress to take the rail there vs. driving. Give it a try!
4	I'm still a big fan of the light rail! Sure, I can't use it every day, but it's about the only thing that will get me to head to downtown for a night out.  It's perfect for pub crawls, you can gather a huge group, keep everyone more or less together, and make frequent stops.  The extended hours mean more time for drinking!The trains have stayed clean, they run when they are supposed to, and I've never had a problem.  The people watching is awesome as well.  Each stop is a mystery grab bag of the teeming masses of people here in town. I just wish it had a wider range, I'd use it every day if I could.
4	The light rail pretty much saves me from drinking and driving and/or having to deal with parking downtown.  Knowing that I can pretty much get off at any stop, walk a few blocks, and find some new and interesting bars and restaurants, really excites me.   Makes me feel so hip and urban.Sure there are plenty of shady people on the thing at all times but that is all part of its charm.  I've been on the light rail during some pretty odd hours and I haven't been shanked or robbed yet so that's a plus.I can't wait for the thing to expand to other parts of the valley.  The construction will suck but it will be worth it.  They also need to figure out a way to have "express" routes.
4	It had been awhile since I had been on the light rail but decided a much needed cocktail night out was in order.  I hate driving downtown and really am not into drinking and driving especially since a drunk driving conviction would mean loss of my job.  Once on the train, I was happy to see the trains were still in perfect condition and like new.  My biggest complaint is the honor system for paying the fare.  I sometimes feel like I am the only one paying the fee.  I had never had anyone ask for my ticket until tonight.  Two uniformed Mesa police officers and someone I think was a light rail employee came into the car and starting asking people for their tickets. The best moment came when this guy in the back  did not have a ticket and the officers removed him in a most impolite way.  It was great!
5	Love me some light rail. Mattter of fact, Im' going ot change my name to Light Rail Larry. Not sure where the Larry came from but hey, it works. I am a frequent Light Rail user, since I live very close to a very central LR stop. I like to people watch, and what a grat place to do it on a weekend on the way downtown. I saw a guy in a prom dress on a BMX bike, that was cool. The light rail is now my go to travel method, since I don't drink and drive. I love being able to go get a few beers and not have to worry about it. It's safe, reliable and clean. Wish I could say that about all of my ex girlfriends.  Bing Bang Zoom!!!!
3	I ride the light rail every day to work from Tempe to Phoenix. I love that I don't have to worry about traffic and it's always on time, so I can rely on it better than the regular bus. I'm only giving it three stars because of the lack of security. In the past few weeks I've encountered several homeless people riding the rail and I know they haven't payed for a ticket. Some of them smell so bad I can hardly stand to ride and sometimes I have to get off the train to wait for another because of the stench. Some of them try to talk to people, usually in some unknown language (babble), and I can tell it makes others uncomfortable. I've seen a prostitute passed out in one of the rear seats, people asking me for money, and other strange people trying to get my attention for reasons unknown. To avoid this I ride with my sunglasses on, earphones in, and ignore anyone trying to get my attention. I haven't seen security on board for weeks now and I'm not too happy about it. I notice that effective July 26th, some changes will be made to the frequency of stops and holidays in which the light rail will now run. I don't understand how they need to do a budget cut when the light rail is booming with people daily. I guess that would explain the nonpaying homeless people who are riding it daily or others who risk not buying a ticket in hopes that security won't be there to check. All of this being said, I love the ride to work and sometimes it can be very enjoyable, but those other times when the rail smells like rotten piss or I'm being bothered for money just make this experience an A-OK one. I wish I knew how to change it, but I have a feeling that even if I did complain to customer relations, nothing would be done. If you are a daily rider and haven't experienced any of this, you're lucky!
4	Love the light rail! Now I can drink and not have to pay for a cab!
4	Okay sowowi knew this review would be tough, but i didnt know it'd be this hardi have so many mixed emotions about this little train that could. it's hard to even fit it all on here. my problems w/ the light rail are more universal arguments that im sure given time and a sizeable return on the original investment we will see fixed. I guess the best way to describe the lightrail, assuming this review is for people who've never stepped foot on it, is through a couple of personal experiences i've had that i think sum it up pretty well.The lightrail has character, it is egalitarian, and it spares no one. If you think for one second that stepping onto this crazy train you wont get off w/ some kind of story, good or bad, then you are wrong sonny jim.MY worst experience had to be a couple years back, maybe a year to date. My ex-girlfriend and i were headed down to the former spot of party foul, a hipster themed dance party, hosted at the now defunct Homme. It was a friday? night and the rails were packed, massive crowds gathered at the stations and huddled together in clumps, aggregates of souls all headed in the same direction. Our westbound train finally arrives, from the more eastern reaches of tempe/mesa, bursting at the seams w/ ppl. the xgf and i manage to grab a spot in the tube where bicycles are docked. it was elbow to elbow, folks sitting on top of another. She sat, and i stood in front of her gripping on the railings facing her, with bodies all around us. it was claustrophobic but our ride wasnt that long. Halfway to our destination, a troupe of loud and flamboyant....Im guessing, what only could have been, *gulp* musical theatre students assembled onto our train. They were en masse, and must've numbered in the 20-30's, armed w/ harmonies and a keyboardist. They started to warm their voices, shortly before giggiling they burst into song. Flat out belting it out there, with no shame or regard to their fellow riders potential hatred of broadway musicals. "525,600 MINUTES!525,600 moments so dear....."Oh godi could feel my stomach turning, i'd desperately wished i was more drunk. My embarassment was rising, and much to my chagrin i noticed nearly our entire car, gazing at the singers w/ their breath held and hands clasped, they stood enraptured. "525,600 minutes,How do you measure, measure a year????" This was my nightmare, my personal hell: trapped, unable to move, surrounded by something i loathe more than most things, it's melodies raping my ears. I felt like i was surrounded by the gaggling childish happy go lucky bull shit of my freshman theatre days. I looked at my exGF, she shared my pain, bless her.So there we sat, sardine prisoneros in a train of glee. After each song the entire car would erupt in applause and cheers, and it was only us who seemed to be disgusted and embarassed. go figure. When we finally got to the central & roosevelt station i couldnt wait to shove my way off that train of glee, only to my horror the musical theatre kids were getting off here as well. I grabbed my exGF's hand and we ran off the train like the beatles in a hard days night, somewhere, anywhere away from these horrible brats and their falsettos.Since that time there have been many more isolated incidents of the strange, shocking, and uncomfortable onboard the light rail.Just last tuesday night i had a run in w/ some drunk d-backs fans who can only be described as douche-backs.I love the lightrail, but just be forewarned that never will your ride be free and easy, expect the weird in all its forms.
5	THANK YOU LIGHT RAIL. You make my life much more easier.
2	I took a trip from Mill Ave in Tempe  to downtown Phoenix to watch an event.Pros: Cheap TicketsSmooth RideCons: 1) Doesn't cover the whole metro area2) Anyone can just hop on here and get a free ride without checking ticket.3) People getting harassed by homeless drunks. (see #2)I've taken many heavy-rail / light-rail trips in New York via Metro North and in the San Francisco Bay Area (BART). This one kind of sucks.
4	I don't understand how people don't like the light rail. It's a good form of public transportation, something that the valley is seriously lacking. My only complaint is that we should have spent the extra cash to make it a monorail. That way it wouldn't have to stop for lights and it would keep the bad drivers from trying to make an illegal u-turn and getting hit by a train. For those of you who point out that the system is losing money, the problem is it's in its infancy and needs to be expanded before it can be fully utilized.It's a cheap ride. I personally use it by leaving my car at my office downtown whenever I go to the airport. The fee to take it there and back is a lot less than parking, and a lot easier than pestering a friend for a ride. The only argument against that is that it turns a 15 minute ride to airport into a 30 to 40 minute ride (that includes the bus that takes you to the terminals). Yes, like all public transportation you're going to encounter some odd characters on the train. As in most cases, if you keep to yourself, all should be good. The riders that actually bug me the most are the people who take their bikes on the train during busy hours. There are bike racks in part of the cars, but I'm always left wondering... If you have a bike, why don't you ride it?
4	After having a lovely dinner with my husband, we realized it was too early to call it a night, so we decided to hop on the light rail and go to another bar.  It was awesome.  The last time I used public transportation was in Paris a couple of years ago.  This was a lot of fun.  We can't wait to do it again.  Next time we want to go all the way to Tempe to bar hop there.
2	Are you kidding me?  This concept is a joke at best.  I have yet to see the convenience in taking the light rail, unless you both live and work within walking distance.  Connections to buses are not convenient, including the connection to the airport.  What is normally a 15-minute car ride to the airport turned into a 2-hour light rail, bus, bus fiasco, with a whole lot of sitting and waiting.  You can totally take the rail for free, which I bet most people do.  I don't really see the point since it is basically a double-bus on tracks.  It has to stop for traffic lights and never seems to get over 30mph.  Lame!
4	There is one major problem with the light rail...it is not outside my front door, and I demand this change. Given that I have no ability to build my own tracks, I think this means the problem might be me and my Scottsdale ghetto home.  I guess this means I need to move or get a second degree in engineering.The trains are fabulously clean. I haven't seen such well cared for trains since Germany and this one really odd dream. Also, the odd character to average character ratio is quite low in comparison to cities like NY, Boston, and SF. It doesn't hurt that the trains look like some kind of futuristic transportation from Total Recall. I'd like to see at least one train go all black with 24" rims so I could roll into CenPho in style. Still, I am happy to roll in sea foam blue/green into all the best areas in Tempe, Downtown Phoenix, Central Ave, and even Mesa (right, as if there is a "best area" in Mesa). Apparently the trains go west beyond Central Ave too and are heading further west at some future date, but I am fearful of heading west to places that end in "ale" (mostly because I hear the chance of being attacked by a chain restaurant are quite high). Fairs are great too...$1.75 a ride, at least that's what I pay because that seems to be the best option on the 27 screens it takes to purchase a ticket. Really...shouldn't there be a single button for a single ride? (I know, now somebody is going to point out that said button does exist). That's OK, the 27 screens increase the fun and tension as the train approaches. For going out in Tempe and Phoenix this is the way to go, even without the 24" rims. But, let's not forget to ask...why are half of the stops in places nobody wants to go? why didn't the track extend directly to the airport? why is Scottsdale so opposed to having an effective system of public transport reach their rhinestone city? Add 2-3 extensions and this train can really get rolling...of course that probably means higher taxes, so I will wait for the deep freeze down below instead. Ultimately, it's clear that I need this transport device at my beck and call, so, I guess it's time to move. But if I get mugged or hit by a car or an angry hipster (or a silent train) on my morning run in CenPho...they better name that black train after me.
2	This is one of those reviews where a qualifier is required.  It seems like everybody that gives this transit system a good rating is a Phoenix native.  That makes this, like so many other things, good for Phoenix.  The problem is that it's terrible compared to nearly every other metro system in North America and absolutely abysmal compared to more progressive parts of the world.This is quite possible the slowest train that I have ever ridden in my life.  It seems to make stops every two blocks and it take far too long to get anywhere.  Factor in the terrible hours of operation and you're going to easily find yourself stranded at one end or the other after a night at the bar.Please work on expanding the routes and hours, speeding up the trains and then maybe you'll be able to increase ridership.  I'm a huge fan of mass transit but this train falls far short of expectations.
5	These are clean trains, they go where they go and do it nicely. I hope to see its routes expand. But considering the geographical and geological limitations of its construction it is still a nice ride. That's all.
4	I live in the Bay area and use BART pretty regularly, and even use Caltrain occasionally. I'm not sure if it's fair to compare the Light Rail to either of those transit systems since they cover a lot more area, but I think overall it's a pretty good system. I like that it's clean (although it's fairly new, so I don't know how much longer that will last). I like that's it's cheap. I REALLY like the fact that on the weekends (it may even be the case during the week, I didn't notice) that it runs all night. Obviously it doesn't run as often in the wee hours of the morning, but at least there's a train every hour. That's always been a major complaint of mine with BART so I gotta give the Light Rail kudos for that. The one complaint I have (like others have mentioned) is that it's slow. With most public transit systems, one of the benefits is that you can get from point A to point B faster than you would if you were driving. That's not the case with the Light Rail, however. I don't necessarily think it's that big a deal though. I would think in most cases, whether you're using it for work, going out to bars, etc., you would be aware of the schedule and would plan accordingly. I also wish it would reach other areas of the valley (right now it pretty much seems like a connection for Tempe & Phoenix), but it's new and hopefully things will eventually expand. I also think think the whole "honor system" payment thing is kind of weird. I'm not sure if it's a good thing or bad thing. It's just weird. However, at $1.75 ($3.50 round trip) I don't see why you wouldn't just buy a ticket to be safe. That's VERY reasonable for a public transit system like this. I also think it's weird that there's just a flat rate no matter where you go. I know on BART or Caltrain the further you ride, the higher the cost is. Like I said, none of this pricing stuff is necessarily a good or bad thing IMO, it's just different. Overall, I think the Light Rail is a good public transit system, and I'm glad that Phoenix FINALLY has something like this.
1	Had ridden the Light Rail one other time before when it had first opened. Maybe its because we only took it from one area of ASU to Mill that it seemed like a pleasant experience and it could have also been because it was new. My friend and I decided to take the light rail again to go to the Yelp Ultimate Science fare at the AZ Science Center. We boarded the train at Main St. and Dobson and got off the train at Washington and 3rd. For some reason, it took 25 minutes for us to just get moving from the Main Street station. Then of course the train had multiple stops. Keep in mind that we got on the train at Main St at 5:45. We didn't arrive at the AZ Science Center till 6:45. Therefore, it took an entire hour to get to the Science Center when it would have taken about 30 minutes to just drive there from Main Street and Dobson. Slllllooooowwwwww. Not only that, some of the people on the train were weird and we ended up sitting in front of a bum on the way back. I probably wont ride the train again. Not worth it and I dont' care about the environment. Haha
2	Ok, so part of Phoenix has a "train" running through it. Big whoop.1. The route it runs is actually ok. PASS2. The hours suck. Can't take the rail to a bar (don't drink & drive!) & be able to take it home. FAIL3. Why oh why did they not build it elevated?! All the money spent buying land could have been put into an elevated/underground system. FAIL4. Build a gate/cage with turnstiles! Why would people pay when they can ride for free? If people paid to use the rail it would have been paid off by now & it could have been built better in the first place. FAIL5. If people had to pay, the city could hire security for each & every train, plus at each stop. As of now it's not that safe to take the rail, especially at night. FAILOverall impression: The people who planned this are morons. What were they thinking? Oh wait, they weren't.
1	Valley Metro used to offer student passes to my college. This summer they got greedy and failed to make a deal with my school. So if I bought their summer semester pass it would cost $40 more than if I just paid full-fare every day. Taking advantage of full time students who have no income is just as shameful as preying on the elderly on fixed income.  SHAME ON VALLEY METRO.Valley Metro used to be a convenient way to read on my way to class in the morning. Then they made the trains shorter with only 2 cars instead of three. Now there are more people paying full fare to ride the train, but they haven't increased capacity, so everyone has to stand all day long. They say they aren't making enough money to run more trains; but more people are paying full fare than there was before (it's a hallow excuse). SHAME ON VALLEY METRO.Valley Metro devised a system to pay for your ride by pre-paid train passes, but if you forget to activate your pass outside the train as you're running to catch the train you could get a $500 ticket. Just to re-cap; even though you've already bought your pass in advance you can still get a $500 ticket! -That's a ridiculous system.  They could have allowed us to validate our tickets on the train in case we're running late...but no, it's better to hassle people on the train with their lame security detail (Gestapo); who get their jolleys interrogating average people.  SHAME ON VALLEY METRO.The sign says it takes a half hour to go from Tempe to Phoenix on the light rail. That's complete and total hog-wash; no matter what time of day it is. I live 1 mile from the train station, on an average day I expect to spend 1.5 hours each way on my commute. It's a 55-65 minute train-commute into Phoenix from Mill Ave to Indian School. Add on the fact that  I usually wait at the platform for about 10 minutes, because even though they are supposed to come every 10 minutes, they never do. Then add, because the intersection is a gauntlet at Indian School (because of the train station is in the middle of Central ave, instead of one side or the other) it takes me another 10 minutes to get from the train to my building across the street. Why? -poor planning. SHAME ON VALLEY METRO.Then there are times where the trains are overloaded, but they don't send 3 car trains to fit all the people. Examples: Central High School lets out the same time every day and 300 kids flood the train. Baseball games downtown, cause a flood of the train. When there's an expo downtown I can't get on the train in the morning, because it's too full, the trains run slower and I'm late for my 8:30am class (when I leave at 7am!). Valley Metro fails to consider it's environment. SHAME ON VALLEY METRO.NO I'm not thankful of having a train that hardly goes anywhere and costs too much. BETTER transit is everywhere (except LA).   BART has been in San Francisco for years and is cleaner, nicer and cheaper. You only pay for as far as you ride. So you only pay for what space you actually use. If you go one stop everyday, it's not expensive at all. The Buses in Seattle run clean on electric lines on some streets and are much more efficient than anything we use in AZ. In Sydney, the buses are more efficient because they run the traffic lights so the buses don't have to stop at them. The Valley Metro system is lame and costs too much. SHAME ON VALLEY METRO.It's our own fault for voting for people who pass useless laws and can't balance a budget to save their lives. AZ has been putting mass transit on the back burner for decades. If you want more tax dollars, get the working class to work on time efficiently. SHAME ON THE AZ VOTERS AND VALLEY METRO.ALSO the light rail could prevent people from driving drunk, by operating just a little later. If the trains operated until 3am, all the patrons of Tempe and downtown Phoenix night life could get home safe no worries. Instead we pay (taxpayer $) for expensive DUI checkpoints. It's a simpler solution that's more efficient and will encourage patronage of local businesses. Keep the train on later so it's useful and PREVENTS crime.  SHAME ON VALLEY METRO and the silly police departments with reactionary tactics.
3	I'm originally from the home of BART -- Bay Area Rapid Transit -- and so I was so happy when I learned that a transit system was coming to Phoenix. Now that the Light Rail has been in operation for a couple of years, I can say that it's definitely not perfect but I will say that it's better than what we had before which was ... a bus and taxi system. The Light Rail provides hope to Downtown Phoenix. When I'm in Downtown Phoenix, this is an excellent option to get me from point a to point b. If I am coming from Mill and want to get to Central all I have to do is hop in the Light Rail. But what about when I'm in Scottsdale and want to take the Light Rail to Downtown Phoenix? Sadly, that does not exist my friends. Unfortunately the Light Rail does a great job of getting someone from Central and Camelback to Mill Avenue, but not from Mill Avenue to North Scottsdale...or even Glendale or Old Town. I like the Light Rail. I think it provides great transportation and I've compromised with its lack of drop-off points by doing things like driving my car to Mill to take the Light Rail to a game downtown. The Light Rail is cheap and yes, it can be shady but that's half the character of public transportation. However, I honestly don't benefit from the Light Rail very much since it doesn't go north and south or even to places like The University of Phoenix stadium. I have my hopes that we are just experiencing phase one of the Light Rail and that the city has it in their plans to expand it so that it truly becomes a helpful transportation resource in the Valley and one that might end the issues involving drunk driving, smog and clogged roads. If we had a Light Rail that covered the entire Valley like BART covers nearly the entire Bay Area, we would see thriving change to different parts of the Valley and especially areas like Downtown Phoenix. I know I would spend even more time down there if I could hop on the Light Rail in Old Town on a Saturday and ride through the Valley on the Rail rather than driving my car.
3	The lightrail has come a long way. I remember riding it during "free week" and being scared for my life packed all in. And when it used to be open until 10, so there was no way to take it out drinking for an evening! I'm really glad Phoenix is taking strides to improve public transport. This still has a long way to go, but they are on the "right track" word pun! The stops are all decorated differently, offer seating, and have generally seemed pretty safe. You do get all kinds of diversity on here! I'm a fan and can't wait until we have the funding to expand this more throughout the Valley!
4	We took the lightrail to the airport, it was great!  $1.75 pp, compared to $25 parking per day!  It tooks us about an hour, we left around 11:00am, made it to the stop, a bus was waiting, and took us to our terminal.  Easy-Pleasy!!
4	The light rail attracts a totally different demographic than the bus system.  I ride the bus occasionally, so I totally notice the difference.  The light rail riders are obviously people en route to work, school, shopping, or cultural attractions.  I rarely see chronically homeless people on the trains.  Bike riders abound on the light rail, and I enjoy talking to other riders.  The light rail ride is much more social than the bus ride, perhaps because more seats are facing one another.  Or perhaps because the riders aren't all crazy homeless people.  Today, my train broke down @ 24th St.  We were redirected to the station that serves westbound trains, and about 10 minutes later, an eastbound train picked us up.  It was really pretty painless.  My only complaint is the lack of vigilance.  A guy got on with an improperly-contained soft drink recently, and it exploded all over the car.  It got into my bike's brakes, and they started squeaking horribly immediately.  If only there were occasionally people on the platforms to put an end to the illegal cigarette smoking or in the cars to prevent spillage and litter...otherwise, I have no complaints.
4	It's the PeopleMass transit puts us all together.  The artist, unemployed, elderly, disabled, office crowd, sports-goers.  I've met God and Jesus several times on the buses, no insult intended.  They told me with all sincerity that's who they were, continuing the conversation with themselves.Amazing place to see the diversity of us, smell perfumes, look at tats, wondering what story is inked into  that body's skin.  The small conversations, huge and tiny, hot and cool we aren't listening to, but hear.  Feel the smooth and dips along the road, forced some times to bump,  politely, into beings we'll never know.  It's a long amusement park ride through an art gallery.  What stories do those created objects tell?In a locale fighting any fast or mass transit for decades, it's miraculous the freeways, interstates, buslines and light rail exist.  Glad to have it.
1	I got an insulting e-mail from a user defending the tap-system on prepiad light-rail passes so I feel the need to explain: Take notice that the prepaid cards are PREPAID. That is, they're NOT FREE. I Pay for them in ADVANCE ($200/semester when they are available). -Yet, the system requires a SILLY validation only for prepaid cards; which are already paid for, so they could just as easily be done on the train. There's absolutely no need to give a ticket to someone who has PREPAID their Fare. THE FINE IS COMPLETELY UNJUSTIFIED.  Ever stopped at the central stop to see all the HS students tap their cards at once? -It's a seriously deranged "plan"! The tap is superfluous, and any data derived from the tap has proved to be useless in the improvement of light rail over the years. -not withstanding my other complaints about the broken light-rail system in Phoenix.Among other things, the user who insulted me called me "irresponsible". Maybe if light rail was run by responsible people, it wouldn't be dangerous, gross, infrequent, overpriced, frustrating, embarrassing, slow, and ineffective.  Perhaps it would help the community by staying open later, so that after shows people can take Light-rail home and cut down on drunk-driving. Perhaps the tap system would be avoided, there might be space for the elderly and disabled at all times; people wouldn't have to take 3 hours out of their day for what would otherwise be a 30 minute commute. There might be light-rail parking at the stations, it might go just a tiny bit further to useful places like metro-center [the major bus hub) and the airport; FROM THE BEGINNING, not as an expensive afterthought that the voters wish they had the chance to deal with when there was a budget to use.The problems with light rail are so numerous to mention it's not appropriate for this forum.  ~But it's important that somewhere someone is telling the thousands of people who move to Phoenix in this time of econcomic crisis, that it's not the wonderland you see on TV.  Light rail is just a tiny symptom of a broken and corrupt system in this 'sunny place for shady people'. --If you want to know what is great about Phoenix, check out my more frequent 5 star reviews.
4	I like the Light Rail.  Just wish it went more places.  From my house I can walk 10 minutes to the nearest stop, and from there go to Harkins fancy new theater at Christown, do some shopping while I"m there. Or do a day off of Phoenix Art Museum, the Heard Museum, lunch at Fez, down to City Center.  Some days it's fun to go down to Mill Ave and wander.  Sadly, Snottsdale denied the light rail a home, so I have to drive to work (or take my bike on the rail and then ride my bike for another 20 minutes uphill)....I may as just well bike the whole way.  Great value, $5 for a day pass, ride it all you want.  Don't understand the crabby attitudes of some of these reviewers.  Drive your gas guzzler all you want and stay off the light rail if you hate it so much.
3	I just wish that this stupid HUGE metropolis could have more LIGHT RAIL connections!! compared to the circus you have to stand in the buses, the LR is a much enjoyable place. Truth! I've seen an increase of "free" night riders who are more scary than Freddy Krueger. Still, I wish (still) they can extend a bit more the night hours (what about until 3am??) and counting with the airport connection too!
4	easy to use to get to and from the airport and downtown and other locations. thanks phoenix!
4	When we moved to Phoenix this past January from Las Vegas, my number one excitement factor, aside from Dbacks Baseball, was that I would finally have a light rail system of my own in the city I call home. That sounds better than I thought it would! We specifically chose a place to live that was close to the Metro rail line, and in a general central kinda location so that other transit options and various fun would always be close by. We found ourselves one mile from the Priest Dr and Washington stop.I've always been a fan of light rail and transit in general, but yeah, it does go a little slower than I hoped as I was imagining for those of you that have been there, most of the outer area TRAX lines in Salt Lake City that run fairly fast and in their own right of way. I can only hope that the west Phoenix Metro extention is chosen to follow the I-10 right-of-way and follow the middle of the freeway that is already open and waiting for rail so at least some parts of the line will run over 40 MPH.    On that note, yes, I do truely love this system and believe that it is an asset to this city and look forward to the day that it builds out more. For now it is nice to be able to leave the car behind and ride a bike to a station and not deal with any traffic at all, and it is VERY nice to be able to hop on after a Diamondback or Suns game or any other big event downtown and know we will be home in 10-15 minutes rather than wait in a parking garage for 30 minutes alone.     Prices are very affordable, only $2.00 one way or $4.00 for the whole day, you really can't beat that price!
4	I only wish I could travel to the East Coast. I'm a Phoenix native. So I can't compare this to NY. However, I've taken the bus and I can honestly say the buses suck balls. I prefer the light rail because the clientele is a step up from the bus's. Once I treated my husband to a ride downtown so we could eat and a really stinky person boarded and thankfully got off after a long 10 minutes. PROS: Affordable, clean, safe, efficient, free parking at the Park and Rides. Sweeps by attractions in Tempe and downtown Phoenix. If you flew into PHX and stayed downtown, you wouldn't need to rent a car.  CONS: It should have been built above the street. Cars and people sometimes get hit. Needs to extend through downtown Mesa, then turn south to Chandler Mall. On the other side needs to extend over to the Cardinals Stadium. Hours need to be extended to cut down on drunk driving and for people who work graveyard.
3	I'm a big proponent of Light Rail. We rode on the metro L/R at inauguration once and that was it.Consensus: Half Baked at best. The coaches are nice and clean, Japanese high velocity cars plying a slow 20 mile stretch with a stop every mile w/o washroom access. Strike one!Single track with trains stopping at same stations a mile apart, instead of 'A' and 'B' trains, stopping at every other one as in odd# and even#. Strike two! 40mph not 20.Dual tracks in either direction would be a lot more efficient despite the cost, which would be recovered faster. It would command a higher fare which people don't mind paying for esp. as season pass for a more nimble system. Strike three!I could go on and on. I've lived in San Francisco (BART), New York and been on the El in Chicago. I've ridden on the San Diego system that's elevated on a portion of its stretch. This just does'nt compare....but it's a pacifier and provides a nice alternative to the routine drive or taking the bus. Problem is it's not 24 hours and the alignment of the corridor it plys only serves a small clientele. Strike four!Of course they had to run it through mid town, downtown and along the ballparks and ASU and TTL. It gives it a big town feel done in a small town way. Sure it'll be more like it ought to be, when the planned extensions are in place and ridership magically swells to record levels...but when will it connect like the Freeways are beginning to do, albeit also a bit late in the day as well.Please...I'd rather not get started on the Ultra modern buses/tandems that are running devoid of passengers for the most part. If it weren't for the driver, it would be empty. All the feasibility studies etc. are a sheer waste if, we fail to run an efficient and affordable, clean system to truly move the masses as they do in so many urban areas around the world. Don't try to reinvent the wheel, it's been done,just take it the rest of the way and learn and improve what they boast and do one better, to be a model everyone will be envious of. Try harder and Good Luck! People should drive their cars because they want to once in awhile for family outings e.g. not because they have to. Period.
3	The light rail is an awesome idea, and it works. I use it almost every day to get back and forth from work. The one biggest problem and gripe though? It would seem the people running the Metro rail system is incompetent at best. I noticed that the lightrail will run three cars on an early (5am) Sunday morning, but on game day's at 5:30 pm on Sunday's they will only have two cars, making it an ordeal trying to get home from work! Three cars is adequate, but instead of that, they keep two on, on game day. It's frustrating to work a 10 hour day and then be told at the rail station that I will have to wait until the next train shows because it is overcrowded. It just adds an extra 30 minutes to my commute. Which completely negates the convenience factor of using the light rail. If I could ask the people that run the light rail system one question, it would be why they keep running an unnecessary number of cars early on a Sunday morning when absolutely no one is riding and do the opposite on a game day? One word comes to mind: Mismanagement.
4	at least theres some kind of public transportation in phx. I'm use to the bart from living in sf and the metro in dc but this kind of gets you place to place. Ill take it downtown to a d-backs game but when parking is easy would rather drive I would only take this train if Im going to mill ave in tempe! I am sad it doesn't get you to old town where that's necessary!
4	It was a quick trip downtown from Mesa, I didnt like some of the people getting on the train but hey its public transport. My legs were also hurting from the seats on the short trip downtown I have RLS and man it hurt for days after. It was great for saving gas and if I worked by one I would take it daily. This was my first time so watch where you park by the pickup locations cause I got my car towed, $200 fine!!! I would take it downtown again but park in the right spot this time.
4	Okay, let's get one thing clear. I am a regular rider of light-rail. I utilize light-rail at least 6 trips (or more) a week. I'm originally from a big, old, scary, dirty, crime-filled East Coast city. Light rail in Phoenix is good. The stations are brightly lit and I'm seeing more and more Transit Police at the stations and on the train. Ladies and gentlemen, you are NOT taking your life into your own hands riding light-rail in Phoenix. Grow a pair, people! Yes, it's mass transit, so you will have the homeless, the insane, the unwashed, and the overly religious trying to "save" you. The train is modern and surprising clean (not reeking of mass amounts of urine, unlike the Market-Frankfort Elevated). My least favorite riders are the damn Diamondback fans and U.S. Airways Center concert goers, that will overcrowd the cars until there is no room to breath, RATHER THAN WAIT for the next damn train - they run every 15-20 minutes, folks. Have some common sense, you're not all high-school kids!! Sheeeeesh!!
5	Love Phoenix's Metro Light Rail.  Quick, easy, convenient, & good price.  Much easier than trying to park down town, cheaper than gas, & fun to covers with fellow Phoenicians.  Can't wait for the extensions to be built in Mesa & Phoenix! =)
4	Reading the Metro Light Rail reviews that some Yelpers write is ridiculous. Born-n-raised Arizona folks, welcome to DECENT mass transit. Crying that the liberal, people-of-low-means are riding on the "mugger mover" that you paid taxes for is just stupid. Light rail cuts down the number of cars on the road (perhaps cars owned by low-income peeps in a bad state of repair that might crush a fender on your precious new BMW). I'm from the streets of Philadelphia, and have utilized mass transit ALL of my life. Mass transit is a melting-pot of people. If the crazy woman next to you is making you uncomfortable, turn on your iPod or surf on your G3. Light rail is great to get downtown, to the ballpark or U.S. Scareways Arena, or getting your drunk on in Tempe. It's amazing CLEAN, it's well-airconditioned, and there seems to be plenty of security. And crying that you cannot work the automated ticketing kiosks??? Really? Follow the instructions on the darn screen!! Or buy your ticket at a check cashing joint!Try to ride on the Market-Frankfort Elevated in Philly and see how much better Metro light rail is...... SMDH!!
5	Cheap fare, clean, GPS accurate schedule times, fast, I feel safe, and well planned around major landmarks.  I could go on and on, but I say go give it a try!  The light rail is a fantastic alternative to going to Sky Harbor, a Sports event or concert in Phoenix or on ASU, a gathering at Tempe Lake Park, or just to grab dinner and drinks.  The best part too is the fact that future expansion to Glendale and deeper into Mesa will make the rail only better.
5	Can't wait until Cincinnati gets one... clean, quiet, and on-time. What more is there to say?
5	I love the light rail when it doesnt take long! yay its extending! also its free when you ride if you are seeing something at at the u.s. airways center
5	I was in Phoenix over the weekend and took the Light Rail for the first time to get to/from the Rock n Roll Marathon in Tempe. We parked at the Park and Ride at Price Freeway/Apache Boulevard (approx 700 free parking spaces) and rode into 3rd Street and Mill. Must have been one of the cleanest forms of public transpo I have ever used in a city. I'd highly recommend it. All day fare was $3.50 I believe - can't be that!
4	For my purposes, this was great. I was in town for a conference held at the Convention Center and stayed at a hotel less than a block from the light rail. The new prices were $4 for a day or $20 for a week. It was quick, easy, and convenient. The clientele definitely changed from day to night, which is why it gets 4. Mostly plenty of space, even if it was standing room. I also took it to and from the airport and can only imagine that it will be wonderful once it connects directly to the airport. It runs frequently and on time.
4	Awwww, PHX folks, you are so spoiled. Endless outdoor dining options, beautiful landscapes, incredible views AND affordable public transport?!?!  So jealous.  Whenever I travel outside of Indy, I ask myself "Why do I not live here?"  And Phoenix, that is how I feel about you.  For $4 you can ride all day unlimited and easily access so much of the town via the Light Rail - even for a tourist, this is a very easy way to navigate the city and see a lot with little time. It runs every 12 minutes throughout the business week and every 20 on the weekend.  I have a feeling that although some locals don't LOVE it, there is something to be said for a growing economy in PHX popping up around the rail.  So many cool ways to go downtown, eat and drink in the city.  It's reasonably safe as I never felt awkward or out of place, though it did get crowded on First Friday.  We were still able to squeeze in with the locals!  The daytime ride included being joined by local students which were amazingly well behaved, despite the lack of adults around (we don't count ourselves).For a mere $4 ride all day!  I love it.  I am jealous - that is all.
4	I'm a huge public transportation fan and prefer to take it rather than driving, as long as it's fairly direct. The light rail gets me to places I need to go (Festivals in Tempe, Central Phoenix for dinner and drinks) and with trains coming every 20 minutes or so, you don't have to wait forever.Yes, Phoenix is a huge city and this is a fairly new addition, so it doesn't and will probably never compare to the rail systems in other large, metropolitan areas. For what it is though, it's pretty great, and gets nowhere near the amount of respect that it should. Bike hooks so you don't have to stand and try to move your bike for passer-byes? That's awesome. Buttons on the outside so the doors can remain closed before the train takes off and you don't die of heat in the summer months? That's pretty awesome too.The payment system is a little obnoxious if you have never ridden it before and yes, it could be extended further into Mesa and Northern Phoenix (but that comes with time and more money, people), but once you get it down, you're all good. Now you'll save money by not having to pay a huge fee to park your car and you can spend that extra cash on more beer...then stumble down to the train station where the light rail will bring you home (or close to it). Brilliant!
4	Took the rail to and from work for approx. 3 months.  Live in the East valley and work in central Phoenix.  Saved me a lot of money over driving my own car each day.  I never had to wait long for a train.  Fee was reasonable and ticket machines were user friendly.  Cars were sometimes crowded but not for long and you can usually find a seat.  Cars were surprisingly clean.  I would have liked to see more security presence, having said that, there are a lot of creepy people who take the light rail.  I felt unsafe in the cars a few times, however felt very safe in the parking lots.  Stop locations are decent convenience wise, just depends on where you are going.
4	For all those griping about the tax subsidies for the light rail, Phoenix needed a light rail system, just like it needed I-10, 202, 51, and 101, and a big airport too; pretty much all paid for with our tax dollars. You paid for those extra lanes of congestion even if you never drive one of those roads. We all did. Are they all perfect and to everyones liking? Of course not. We're either a growing city or a dying one, so keep on expanding the system I say. I've enjoyed riding it when I can i think it's a source of pride for our city.  I give it four stars for the cool factor, of finally having a public transportation system that I would actually use. [Train vs. bus] I only hope the system will connect more shopping hubs, schools and the sports arenas in Glendale one day.
5	Want to drink and not end up in jail with a DUI? Light Rail. Want to go to a D-Backs game and not fight traffic, pay for parking, or end up with a DUI? Light Rail. Want to visit the Science Center, Art Museum, Mill Ave, or go to First Friday and not end up with a DUI? Light Rail. The Metro Light Rail in no way helps me commute to work or do anything particularly serious with my life, but four dollars for an all day pass that takes you to a dozen cool places quickly without using any gas and gives plenty of people watching opportunities? I like it.
4	Ever since visiting Chase Field a couple years ago, I had always taken my vehicle to watch the ballgame. Although traffic is not as bad as Los Angeles, I just wanted to relax to and from my games. The Valley Metro Light Rail is the perfect way to get to and from Downtown Phoenix.For just $4, you can get an All Day Pass and travel on the rail. I am not sure if the Day Pass works for the buses as well. Most of the time, I park my vehicle at the Montebello & 19th Station near the Christown Spectrum Mall. There are very few stations with Park & Ride Lots that you can use. The Light Rail Trains (LRT) are very interesting. Although the doors are closed, you just press a button to open the door and walk into a very COOL and well maintained air conditioned train. With a lot of transients, it was very hard to to see any graffiti or any damage inside the train. That shows you that Valley Metro takes care of their trains. There are bicycle racks on the train to provide space on board the trains. However, it can get too packed on very busy daysThe LRT stops at the important stops such as malls, airport, and more importantly for me, Chase Field for any baseball game. Whether you are watching the Phoenix Suns Game or Arizona Diamondbacks Game, the LRT will get you there faster and cheaper. If you are waiting at LRT Station, there are some parts of the station that there is a button. That button is an AC Cooler. It is very interesting. Just push the button and you can be cool for a few moments. I like how Valley Metro is thinking for their customers and making sure they are cool on hot days. Like my Dodger Games, I try to take the train whether its in Atlanta, Los Angeles, or Phoenix, I've got to experience how other people get to their games. I want to tryout the New York Games and see how people get to their games on packed subway cars to the Mets or Yankees Game. Like our motto in Los Angeles, this should apply to all public transportation system, "Go Metro!"Yelp! The One Stop Place For Your Everyday Research!
5	I've taken the light rail a handful of times, alway one shot from mesa to downtown Phx. Its nothing exciting and can get packed at times, but if your deciding between this or a bus, hands down I say light rail, especially for the same price of an all day pass.
4	This light rail is a very convenient (and not to mention stylish) way of transportation.If you're trying to get somewhere super far across town like...hm don't know, copper square from Pilgrim Rest Baptist church, it can get a little costly, but other than that, this is great.The facility is air conditioned, there isn't the low-moral of a bus being circulated through the air, and everyone seems to be just having a chill time getting from place to place to complete the various tasks that just so happen to pop up in their daily lives.All in all, it's a pretty decent time, and a great way to get around town.Four out of five stars.
5	i heart the Metro Light Rail.  Public transportation seems to become a bit easier to deal with these days in Phoenix.  I can take a bus on Camelback and 16th Street to the Light Rail on Central and Camelback and be downtown Phoenix within 20 minutes.If you are going to downtown Phoenix, I would recommend taking the light rail if possibly.  One it's cheaper than parking in one of the garages which cost anywhere from $8 to $12.  Besides being a good price, you can people watch the whole time on the light rail. I've seen a grown man in a black and white business suit on the light rail with a Dr. Who lunch pail, two strangers making out on the way to the east valley and a bunch of old men coming from Occupy Protest coming on the light rail and complaining about people dressed up and coming from Tour de Fat. with their bikes. "What the hell are you from?" one said to a woman dressed up as a fairy. Never a dull moment.  Life is about having adventures, riding the light rail..you will have something to talk about.
5	We stayed Downtown Phoenix and took the light rail to the Sun Devil Stadium, with a quick stop for the bars on Mill. Couldn't have been easier!  No parking or traffic worries. Also didn't have to worry about having a drink. Easy, fast and trouble-free.
5	I have been on a lot of light rails before and this one is favorite one.  You can go from Phoenix to mesa, in a couple of hours.  It is pretty new and the city does a great job at keeping it clean. I like taking the light rail to Tempe; it is just a 45 minute ride from downtown Phoenix.  It is nice that they have bike racks, and is accessible for handicap people on the rail.  I'm excited that they are going to extended it to north Phoenix and Scottsdale.   You can ride 1 time for $2.00 or just do an all-day pass for $4.00. Either way it is a great deal.  They even have a monthly pass for $64.00 and you can ride the busses with the monthly pass.   While if you are looking for a ride and don't really feel like paying for a taxes.  You should take the light rail.
3	Overall, the light rail is a decent way to travel through Phoenix. It tends to get crowded throughout the day.
5	When I give a star rating, I give 5 stars when I feel that there's nothing to improve on.  The light rail is clean, efficient and it stops right at my building.  Yes, there are scary passengers, but those people are just my crazy neighbors.
5	I do not have a lot of public transportation experience so take this review for what it is worth as I've only ridden a few times... but my experience has always been good. Just so you know where I am coming from I've ridden rail systems in Boston, Philly, Phoenix, and Germany.I would venture to guess that anyone from a city with a well established public rail system (Boston MBTA, DC Metro, NYC Subways, Chicago L & METRA, Bay's BART, etc) will think that the PHX lightrail is a joke. And to be honest in a way it probably is. However, I would say that it is not all that bad! Phoenix is a huge SPRAWLING city. Just for comparison, NYC is 468 sq miles and Phoenix is 517sq miles (not including suburbs on either). Take into consider population density and you will see that Phoenix drops way-way-way down the list.What this essentially means for the rail system is that less people live close to the rail/subway than in other cities (comparison, NYC has a population density of 27,779 people per square mile versus Phoenix at 2,797. Yes, NYC is 10x more dense). So to have a rail, any rail, that works, to me, is a feat worth mentioning. Sure, it could be better, but for what obstacles it must overcome to work it has done very well in my opinion.To put things in even better perspective... in many of the big metro-rail cities... a lot of people solely rely on the rail for transportation. Here in Phoenix I would guess that a higher proportion of people have cars. So people are voluntarily riding here. Furthermore, Phoenix is hot as hell in the summer - so those of us riding voluntarily are waiting for the train in the heat (which I truly think that most Phoenicians are absolutely addicted to their A/C). Not so much in other cities.The train always seems clean to me. In general, I don't see bums or people masturbating on the cars. The cars are always on time despite having to drive in traffic instead of underground or on suspended rails like other cities.I mean, I'm not sure what people who vote this system down for? Do you want Phoenix to spend vast amounts of money to bring the train to your suburb where it would only pick up 3 people a day because everyone is in their personal car (again, it is my belief that most Phoenicians will not tolerate waiting for a rail car while standing in the heat). The only thing I wish that the rail had was later hours, at least on the weekends... or maybe a more direct route to the airport.
4	I love the light rail.  How could I not, it stops where I live, and I am DUI insulated.  Suns games, d-backs games (if i ever went), ASU games, concerts, Phoenix downtown, and Mill avenue.  With the exception of not having a spur to scottsdale, its great!  And that is why I didn't give it 5 stars, it needs to go down indian school or scottsdale road or both and tie the three main cities (Phoenix, Tempe, and Scottsdale) together.Cheers,D
4	This system is an above-average way to get a quick look at Phoenix for basically nothing (day passes are only $4 from ticket vending machines). If you're stuck on a long layover at Sky Harbor, take the Air Train to the light rail connection at 44th and Washington and head west, towards 19th/Montebello.Heading into Downtown, you'll pass by a few sites including the homes of the Diamondbacks (Chase Field) and Suns (US Airways Arena), see some everyday Phoenician businesses and avoid having to deal with parking. A few stops offer food options as well, within a short walk in most cases. End-to-end, the line is about an hour's trip.There's art, some shade and even a few placards about the area's history at stations too (interested in reading about suburban development in the Phoenix area? Central/Camelback station, towards Sycamore/Main). That the system seems to run on time, is clean and offers handy bike transport is great.Note:* Valley Metro's system map is available here (http://www.valleymetro.org/images/uploads/sysmap_011414.pdf). The heavy gold stripe in the middle? The limitations of the system.* Want to get some ideas of places to visit via bus + rail? Valley Metro offers a Destination Guide (http://www.valleymetro.org/images/uploads/destinations_newsletter/2014Destination_Guide_for_web.pdf).
4	This really is a nice system.  One ways are two bucks, all day is four.  Clean for the most part and certainly convenient to get into downtown or east of there.  Good location stops, including the professional sports facilities, lots of restaurants and the heart of downtown.  I asked a couple of officers about good restaurants and they gave me some great advice. Very nice people and a pleasure to walk in downtown. Another great thing about this system is that they put out a booklet that shows all of the restaurants and other stores and sites along the system.  Excellent idea.I like that it goes to Tempe and Mesa  But I do agree with others that this system should be extended to Scottsdale.  Do not know what the plans are for going west, but because of the explosion of the population there and the openness of the desert, that would be a wise choice.  Especially before it gets even more expensive to do.  Just ask L.A.  Idiot politicians there, hopefully Phoenix has its act together.Next time I am in Phoenix, I hope to stay at a hotel near this system. It is very user friendly.
