3	3.5 stars.Ended up in Carnegie randomly after a job up the street. Due to the rainy, dismal land scape, my goal was to find a spot in which to kill two hours and get an afternoon drink on (read "dismal" above, which was mirroring my mood today). Durans came on like a beacon in the darkness, inviting me in.The decor is clean and modern-ish, which was surprising from the outside. Lotsa flat screen TVs with sport stuff playin'. The front area, which consists of the bar and dark wood bistro tables, is pro-smoking, but the back area (dining area proper), is sans smoke. Since I was a lone diner an there was just one smoking fella at the bar, it seemed much less depressing to just deal with the smoke and sit in the window.The food is pretty typical, old school 'burgh bar food. Ordered the Chicken Salad with the fries, cheese, etc with the homemade balsamic vinaigrette. Perfect, simple and expected. The waitress was very friendly and personable- very nice gal and made me feel super comfortable.I wouldn't make Duran's a destination spot, but would def return if ever in this neck of the woods again.
3	I was here for the Super Bowl, it was fun. I didn't love that I walked out smelling like an ashtray, since they still allow smoking indoors, but it was a pretty good bar with decent service and reasonable drink prices. I found the crowd to be friendly, but it you're not a local, it's not the place to jump in and make friends. My California accent stood out, and while the Niners struggled to make it happen, I wasn't in the mood to apologize for being from the Bay. I am sure I'll drop back into Duran's, as it's a regular haunt for a few people I know out that direction. Fun spot if you don't mind the smoking.
1	We ordered take out here twice in the last month because we work close by. Both times our orders were wrong and/or missing entire entrees. The food was decent, but it took us 3 tries each time to get it where our orders were remotely correct. We won't be ordering from here again. The prices are also a little too high for what you actually get (reheated microwave quality food.)
