5	I have been a patient of Dr. Gibb's over the last few months and have found him to be a really good chiropractor. He has helped my spine and done so after a careful exam and good chiropractic care. Dr. Gibb is careful, kind, patient, very positive, and exudes good health and vitality. His staff is very helpful and competent. The soothing hot pack and mini-massage by a staffmember before the treatment is a nice plus.   PM
5	I was referred to Springbok Chiropractic by my family physician, Dr. Robert H. Page, MD in 2006, 6 years ago.  This is one of the best decisions I have ever made with regard to the prevention and maintnance of my personal health.  I am more in tune with all aspects of my physical health thanks to Dr. Gibb.  Dr. Gibb is a truly passionate man;  not only in his career, but a very attentive and active father and husband, a man who gives back to the community.  Dr. Gibb truly cares abouth the health and well being of others to improve your quality of life.  Thanks to Dr. Gibb, I am a functional wife, mother, friend and employee.
5	Excellent doctor, service, and care! Would recommend to anyone!!!
5	Dr Gibb is fantastic! He is a knowledgeable, gentle, and caring doctor. I would recommend him and the clinic to anyone.
5	Dr. Gibb and the PT team provide exceptional care...  They take time to explain your situation and exactly what will be done to correct what is wrong.  The patient service team is courteous and accommodating....I highly recommend Springbok Chiro and PT.
5	Dr. Gibb is wonderful. I love doctors who go out of their way to educate their patients and Dr. Gibb does just that. He has also been taking care of my daughter since she was two months old. He taught me how to tell if she was misaligned and ways that I could help her. I have never received a call pestering me to come in. He works with me and helps me when I have the ability to come in. He also has helped me to understand other things I can do to help the health of my family. The staff is wonderful as well! They are quick but Dr. Gibb is eager to answer any questions I have. He answers them thoroughly. I am happy to have found them and would recommend him to anyone.
3	Not really sure what to think yet.  They were supposed to talk to my doctor about the next plan of action.  Doctor knew nothing of it and I havent heard a word back. Other than that the doctor seemed nice and thourough.
