4	This is a Burger King with the relatively new concept of serving beer with your meal. This is how it works. When you place your order you can add a bottle of beer for $2.99 more. If you only want a beer it is $5. The lunch and dinner menus feature whopper sandwiches. And some of them I never saw before. I passed on the beer because I was going to drink downstairs in the casino. I enjoyed my Bourbon whopper meal, which I do not recall seeing before. From spending time in bars and coffee shops, I felt that the employees here need to be more friendly.   Overall this is a cool Burger King that serves bottles of beer in addition to fast food.
2	the burgers are good here like the bourbon burger.  I've had better, but its good fast burger food in the strip area which is hard to find.
5	There are only 6 whopper Bars in the world and I am lucky enough to live near one of them. Located in the Rio casino in Las Vegas, this is where Burger King and your favorite sports bar collide. C'mon, you all know you've dreamed of being able to order a Whopper while guzzling a beer and watching the game. Now it can be done. Whopper Bar....Where dreams come true!
4	This is great. What a way to start the nights debouchery. A Double Whopper and a Coors Light. They didnt have Blue Moon and since im from Colorado i love my Home Brewed beers. The menu is great. Like the California whopper with Guacamole. And the Angry Whopper. Some toppings are free, others they charge 50 cents for Like Hickory Smoked bacon and Onions which can be raw or grilled or fried like onion rings. Adding a beer for 2.99 to the meal isnt bad. The Germans have had beer in fast food establishments for years. Its about time we catch on and hopefully it will. They also have Caramel Sundaes on the menu which i havent seen at any other Burger king. The downside is, when you get a fountain drink, they dont offer free refills.
2	The food is pretty good and I like the different 50 cent addons (different cheeses, bacon, etc) along with free stuff (onion ring in the burger along with the usual) you can add on.Unfortunately service while busy really sucks and their ability to recover is pretty sad. First time I went for breakfast, and they ran out of eggs and then hashbrowns resulting in a 30 minute wait for a breakfast combo. Coffee had been sitting so long it was thick and bitter.Next time I went for lunch and the printer in back ran out of paper or something, so 10 orders including mine disappeared. Even after discovery, took another ten minutes for them to realize they could just ask the customers for the receipts and work off those. Again over half an hour for a whopper combo, even as they served customers that ordered later.Other times I went were much better and the coffee was much better the next day.They really should just give free soda vouchers to folks who wait more than 15 minutes for an order... That would probably cost them five cents and take the edge off the wait.
1	You don't have it your way, My husband got hungry and wanted more food , He's Italian and Italians from what I've been told don't eat mayonnaise. He asked for no mayonnaise on his burger. Of Course they Slapped on Mayo and I noticed and "  I  " said he wouldn't eat it to the worker there. Next my husband opened it up and saw the Mayo and told cashier he wanted his money back. They were all frightened and shaky my husband didn't scream or do anything wild (although I thought he might, he just has that look) I thought the  innocent guy who slapped on the mayo was tearing.The guy who took order just threw money out of the tip jar...WTF
1	First, it took a few mintues for anyone to come to the counter to take our order. I ordered a sandwich saying "lettuce and onion only"  but they rang it up as add onion. I went up to the counter and apologized and explained that I meant I wanted lettuce and onion and nothing else.  They literally just took off the slice of tomato and gave it back to me, still covered in mayo. I'm willing to send food back once, but the second time I just asked for my money back. This place is LAME. Bad service, bad food.  It's so much worse than just eating at a regular Burger King.
2	We stopped here for a quick bite on our way to our hotel. Let me just keep this short and too the point. If you want a burger and you are staying in the hotel and don't want to go anywhere else by all means eat here. Otherwise save your money. This is a burger king with Jacked up prices because they offer beer. They have a handful of special toppings some sauces and a few special whoppers. And they charge you about twice what it will cost to go down the street to the local burger king and get more menu items and all you can drink soda. They don't do refills  here no this is Whopper bar. The service is terrible the food is just ok so save yourself a few bucks and go to any regular fast food place in the area.
3	Hmm....well it is probably one of the cheapest eateries at the Rio. Also, it is open 24 hours, so that's a bonus. It also serves beer, which is why this is a BK Whopper Bar. They do not have much selection and the food does taste like any other Burger King in the nation. If you have run out of money because 1. you spent it at the clubs in Vegas or 2. you gambled it all away, then this is a place of refuge because at least the prices for food are reasonable (for Vegas that is)
2	There's really no reason to eat here. Unless, of course, you've been boozing it up at the Rio and need a food fix to help sober up. In which case, when it comes to late night eats at the Rio, this is the spot. Yep, your options are indeed limited.So this place is basically a dressed up Burger King. They have more burgers than the usual BK. But, honestly, you couldn't pay me to eat a BK burger. Thankfully, they do also offer the chicken fries, which I do enjoy.And hey, if you want to keep on drinking, they serve beer too.Fair warning, this is a place for drunks. Things will be spilled and people will be obnoxious. Frankly, I just feel bad for the people who work here.
5	My boyfriend and I stopped here for lunch.  Figured we would get something quick and then splurge later on that night.  We both weren't expecting it to be fabulous, however it was amazing.  They make the sandwich in front of you.  You create whatever topics you want on it.  It was the best sandwich I have ever eaten at a BK.  Even the french fries were fresh and crispy with the perfect amount of salt.  We both were amazed and would definitely eat there again.
2	I had high hopes for the Whopper Bar.  I mean here was an opportunity for the Burger King franchise to take their burgers to the next level.  Now I did not have unrealistic expectations.  I mean I knew the patties would be the same as the restaurant.  I did not expect gourmet toppings. And I did not expect 5 star service.  However, I did hope that they would have some creative toppings and sauce choices such as maybe a blue cheese crumbles or sauce.  I also expected that they would make the extra effort for quality service and cleanliness.  However, on the day we went, the staff was less than friendly, screwed up our order, and unattentive when we tried to straighten it out.  The prices here are slightly higher than the BK franchises and the reality is you don't get much different of a burger than the restaurant since you can "have it your way" at Burger King anyway.The toppings reminded me of a bad subway chain as they looked wilted and sloppy with mushrooms dripping into other containers.  The angry onions were really the only "different" topping on the menu and they were flavorless and limp.The restaurant itself was not as clean as I hoped. The trashcans were overflowing and the floor looked dirty. The tables were not wiped down well.  I even had a server  who had just walked out from behind the counter refuse to answer my simple question about plastic knives because she was off duty.  No employee was anywhere to be found for about 5 minutes and then they looked at me like I was asking them for an angus patty covered in gold before handing me a sealed plastic knife.All in all a disappointing end to what sounds like a great concept.
5	First off I am reviewing this as a Burger King, and its the hippest, coolest BK i have ever been to! 1)All the employees had their teeth A++++2)The bathrooms didnt have standing turds from the previous trucker who ate there. A+3)Its perfect for when you are on your last $10 for a cheap eat on the way out of getting casino raped at the RIO.4) only bad thing??? Its way in the top back corner and very eay to miss. I mean everyone knows, NOBODY KEEPS BK IN THE CORNER!!!
3	If you absolutely, positively, have to pay nine dollars for a gourmet whopper at two am in Vegas, this is the best, and, I suspect, only place guaranteed to satisfy a singularly bizarre craving.
3	The only other restaurant in Rio where you can get a burger and fries on a late night. It was ok. I had the Jalapeno Burger. It was a bigger than a normal size, but it I mean it is a little bit more pricey. Good for late night snack. That's all. =]
4	Whopper bar?!? FRICKEN AWESOME! The prices are a little ridiculous... Almost 14 bucks for 2 whoppers and 2 small drinks, with no fries, but whatevs. We had been out and about all day and night. I wanted food. Ideally, I would have liked to go to a buffet but after 10, there aren't any buffets open. Boooo. This hit the spot! Brilliant idea. Even if bk DOES use horse meat, and I swore I was never gonna eat it again, I just couldn't resist. Damn, it was good.
2	Apparently there are only TWO BK whopper bars, and somehow the Rio in Las Vegas got one of them.Now, I have to admit, I liked the concept of the BK whopper bar.  A build your own whopper bar complete with a plethora of different toppings you would not see in a normal Burger King?  Count me in!However, for some odd reason, the BK whopper bar had incredibly SLOW service.  Like, painstakingly slow.  I had ordered something simple and they somehow took 20 minutes to get me my food.I guess since I was there at around 7, they may have been hit by a dinner crowd?  However, it looked like the set up was just not conducive to more than 1 person putting together people's seriously complex build your own whoppers.I'm sure if BK Whopper Bars can get the set up more like a subway restaurant, this would be a concept that could be taken to other locations.  Until then, I think I'll just go to a regular BK where I know that my food will be out within 5 minutes.
4	Fast! And the line was out the door......I really enjoyed this Whopper Bar. I mean where else can we get our Whopper with a beer? :))
3	It's true, only TWO of these BK Whopper Bars in the world??  Damn, woulda thought they would make a better burger!  All show, no go.This place in the Rio got a 3-star because of what an actual BK is.  If I take it that way as a chain, it gets an average rating.  No extra stars for this wannabe mini bar concept.  I was kinda excited to finally get to check this place out too!After getting Trekked out at the Star Trek Convention, I was as famished as a Vulcan without a home planet.  Places in the Rio Hotel & Casino are HELLA expensive to eat at and I just wanted something simple.  Like a burger.  Eureka!  I finally thought to check out the BK Whopper Bar.  Burger and a beer?  Can't get much more grandiose for the chump change I had left after taking an interplanetary beating buying collectibles.  I finally get to the place, and guess what?  Every single other klingon, vulcan, and U.S.S. Enterprise crewmate was in attendance.  Drats.  I was like, "Damn, this burger better be good."  After a 15 minute wait in line, I finally approach the cashier.  I look at the menu boards.  Whut?  This is all the same as in a regular BK!  Damn again!  I coulda just left this place and gone to a less busy (and less expensive) BK!  All the same items available at this BK Whopper Bar sans you can order a bottle of beer with your meal!  And dammit, why did I ever think I could order a foreign beer with it?  All friggin' domestic.  Unless you consider CORONA as being foreign (or alien in this case of Star Trek OR Mexican).  Other choices were Bud, Bud Light, Miller Lite, Heineken, or Corona.  Bleech.  Not really my favorites.  Would it kill you guys to have a brew-of-the-week special like Newcastle or Sam Adams??  Ack.So ok, kill the beer and I'll settle for a soda.  The other perk for the BK Whopper Bar was the fact you can get your burger YOUR way, with additional toppings not available in your regular BK.  But hey, after being starving, standing in a slow @$$ moving line, and seeing skanky beer (and skanky dressed cosplayers), I was not in the mood.  Even more so after seeing the additional cost of adding any of these extra toppings to your burger.  So I gave in and just ordered a damn Whopper with Cheese combo like nearly everyone else before me.  Although I did get an order of onion rings instead of fries.  The setback?  A 'Whopper' of $9!  NINE friggin' dollars!  Oi, yes it is at least for me, expensive for this kind of fast-food slobbery.The food?  Luckily just as good as a regular BK.  Which is not saying too much.  Whopper with Cheese (lettuce, tomato, onion, extra pickle, light mayo, ketchup, add mustard) for me was just OK.  At least the bun was supple, and the veggies were semi-fresh.  The burger itself though was dry (was probably holding in a tray).  The onion rings were basic but fried fresh, although I wish they had filled the box to the top instead of ripping me off a few rings.  Soda was just a soda (luckily it was a Coke).  I doubt I would have enjoyed this meal better with a skanky beer.  But who knows.Overall, not much of a 'Whopper' of a time for me.  A fancy BK (ooooo...beeeeer) with the fancy price included.  Though much of the fancy doesn't go to the food or the experience itself.  I fancy that fancy goes with the price of acquiring the liquor license for this place.  BK for big boys, aye, so much potential sucked down the fast-food drain.Just......DAMN.
1	Eduardo was my cashier at the whopper bar at the rio hotel and casino.. He has horrible customer service I littlerly had to return my whoppers since he only put cheese on them and worst of all he likes to argue saying he is right worst experices ever rather go to any other BK and get better service.. Was defenely not expecting this from a place that receives so many tourist  two dumbs down.. Not going back
1	Like Subway but with Whoppers.  Underwhelmed.
1	Most disgusting burger I have ever had. Way to much sauce, I ordered it plain and got BBQ, burger patty's were burned and I payed for guacamole which I could have fit into a spoon for ants. Would rather go to a normal Burger King than spend $8 for a burger that my 4 year old niece could make better.Service was acceptable. Food was horrible. Would rather go to any other burger place in town including any other Burger King.Oh and I had a few drinks so the food should be even better I feel sick after one burger and threw away the fries if you get the  the option drive down flamingo to in and out or go to anywhere else.
1	Stopped by after a long day walking the strip before heading to our room. My husband got a double and I got a single whopper. Service was quick and friendly. Our burgers were cold and the only thing I can compare the taste of the burger patty to is a gas station burger. Totally gross- and for $13ish dollars for 2 it was unacceptable. Burger King isnt one of my favorite places to begin with, but damn at least the patty is (usually) edible. I will not return here- I would rather pay even more money for a burger somewhere else in this casino than go through that again.
1	Thee worst service we stayed at the Rio Hotel and this was the only fast food spot local, the manager was cussing speaking to another employee while customers were waiting on food....this is insane!
2	Nice concept, but slow service. It's a Burger King "bar" with a build your own burger menu. They also serve beer, but it took 20 minutes for me to get an order of medium fries. Not good. Don't make a hungry b*tch wait!
3	Only place I've found in the Rio that serves Coke!  It's a glorified Burger King.
5	Never mind all these nay sayers, this place is good. Went here the other day for lunch. I had a good experience. I ordered a whopper with cheese and no onions. I received my food in a timely manner and it was exactly as I ordered. Staff was friendly and attentive.  I'll come back for sure!
