5	Just moved to the neighbourhood and there aren't a lot of quality options on the main drag. Found this by accident walking down a side street and am I ever glad we did. The food was fast, cheap, and good, and the drinks were just perfect and arrived in seconds. Generous, strong and served in a Mason jar- how cool is that?We both ordered the Tex Mex Combo for indecisive diners- it came with a taco, an enchilada, and chili con carne. The portions were generous and well prepared. The enchilada was the highlight of the meal; it was seasoned and cooked perfectly. We were expecting greasy food on the way in but it was not greasy or heavy in the slightest. If I have one critical comment it's that the beans, rice, and taco meat were under-seasoned, but I think the restaurant is just leaving the salt level to their clientele. It's an easy thing for us to fix right at the table and didn't diminish the experience.I have a feeling I'll be spending a lot of time here. The patio could use another table or two but since this is a residential community this might not be up to the restaurant. The neighbourhood is without pubs and the bars are really all tiny hole in the walls with the only seating available in front of the lottery terminals. Finding this restaurant with good, cheap drinks and a friendly atmosphere is really going to save me on these long hot summer days.
5	I had read the previous, standalone positive review so, being in the area, I reluctantly headed over to Restaurant Tex Mex. I was increasingly skeptical when we we found nothing but a corner lot dive furnished with two outdoor picnic tables that had seen better days. My critical eye was put to rest when I tried their food:- Portions were generous- food was delicious- Beer was a great price ($2.50/bottle)- Prices were fair (8-12/meal)There was even a note in the menu about how they're absorbing the additional 1% tax. Cool story, bro!On the con side: I spent a good long time on my throne the following day doing my best impression of an AK-47.
5	We ate here by mistake - three of us in Montreal on business gut off the subway way too soon.   We then stumbled across this gem.Some if the best TexMex you will have.   Don't forget to get a few of the margaritas.
4	Spur-of-the-moment pick for supper on a Saturday night. Not too crowded, really great service. Good food, serving size left us pretty stuffed! Looking forward to going back to try the rest of the dishes.
