3	If I hadn't seen it with my own two eyes, I might not believe there really is a restaurant called El Jefe's. It made me want to walk right up to the hostess desk and ask, in my best Chevy Chase voice: "Do you have anything here besides... Mexican food?"But the place is indeed real, and, in fact, they do have plenty of things on the menu that would confuse the heck out of Mexicans, real or fictional. The decor's your first clue that perhaps this isn't your typical combo-plate shack. Obviously, these guys have pretentions, and it shows in the menu.Now, I'm no purist when it comes to my comida: I love my gringified Mexican places as much as the next SoCal emigrant, and I'm even pretty fond of Mexican fusion, when it's done right. But even given the fact that they're obviously shooting straight for my demographic, I couldn't find anything to latch onto at El Jefe's. The chips and salsa they brought to the table didn't give me much hope: The chips were made from a strange combination of flour and corn masa, giving the impression of eating the wrapping from a greasy chimichanga, and both green and red salsas were obviously sweetened.Even though I wasn't particularly hungry, I ordered a "Mexican chopped salad" to hedge my bets. The spicy mix of chicken, lettuce, poblanos, pepitas, hominy, and apples wasn't bad, although, again, someone in the kitchen used a very heavy hand with the sugar when mixing the dressing. For my main, I went with mole chicken enchiladas. They arrived in a soup plate, swimming in sauce and "artfully" drizzled with crema. The chicken was good, if not particularly interesting; the sauce would have been a perfect balance of smoky, spicy and rich, if it hadn't been marred by an odd fruity sweetness. Accompanying pintos were bland, and white rice was waterlogged... and unnecessary.The whole experience made me want to go back into the kitchen and ask: "Could it be that you are angry for something else, and you are taking it out on me?"
3	This place was cool...I went here for lunch & the decor was nice...The booth was comfy...I had the inside out burrito (chicken) which was decent...My fren got a chicken tostada salad which let's jus say that he didn't stress that I shoulda jus ordered that shit...The portions R huge...I heard their drinks R pretty tasty but I didn't venture, so can't really comment...
3	I couldn't agree more with Anita C..  she hit it right on the head with her review....This place intrigued me right from the get go, first off  you have to remember what part of town your on, the atmo was really nice, Mexican not by any means....theres some sort of stereo type that i seem to go by, if a Chinese restaurant is filled with Asian peeps than it must be good, well this is a Mexican place d filled with Caucasians.... no promise there right... food was good but not authentic by any means...the chips were ......wierd....not tortilla chips at all, some sort of fried flour tortillas... not bad but really not good either....I will not be back, :(
2	Great name . Average food.  Actually, come to think of it the Tortilla soup was quite good. The cheese enchiladas... not so much. Service was pretty good. And there is a nice patio. Music was awful.
4	i love el jefes the food is so good. the service is a little crappy but the food is awesome so it makes up for it!!!!!
4	Definitely not authentic, but nonetheless the food is awesome.  I've been here twice over the past two weeks and I'm a huge fan.  First, the drinks are great.  Margaritas: I've had the traditional and strawberry and both are excellent.  They also have a good variety of beer on tap.Portions here are pretty big so come hungry.  The carnitas and roasted chicken are juicy and come with great sides.  Good salsa and guacamole as well.And I've found the service to be great on both occasions I've visited the restaurant.  Prompt attention but not so much that it becomes hovering.  Plus the place has a beautiful bar area that's great for a relaxed dinner.
3	Ok, my first inclination is to not love this place. Why, you ask? Because it is not the Tex-Mex I grew up with and loved. Where's the grease and wicked unrecognizable sauce people? And unlike Cabo @ Red Rock's (one of my very favorite Mexican restaurants here) there were no free pintos to dip chips in. I know, it's picky.... But hey, this is a review. However, their special corn/flour blended chips are out of this world. OH. MY. GOD.  Perfectly crunchy with a bit of chew--super yummy! And the two different salsas, one green and one red, are decent. But beyond the fabulous chips....Husband got cheese enchiladas the first time we were there and loved them. Second time... lobster enchiladas and I thought he was creaming himself. I had nachos the first time with said delicious chips that were great and a chicken quesadilla the second time that was totally ok. And so where does that leave us? This is a totally decent, un-greasy, creative Mexican place. Bonus: the manager sticks pretty close by and stopped by to ask us about our food both trips. Not a necessary feature, but certainly felt like he gave a damn about the place. Waiters both times were just okay. Nothing above and beyond. Both times we went were on Sunday nights and were seated immediately.
4	I love El Jefe's!  I ditto Carly about the margaritas.  I had the strawberry margarita and it was enormous and really tasty.  For my entree I had the chili relleno that was stuffed with cheese and carne asada.  Omg, so good!  The bf had the steak fajitas and they looked really good.  I wouldn't know since I never got a bite!  Chips and salsa aren't the best but the entrees definitely make up for it.  the only thing I would avoid is the churro dessert...the mini churros aren't cooked all the way through so you get a doughy mess that melts with the ice cream into glop.  Not good, people.
4	The food here is great.  I usually order the enchiladas or the carne asada tacos. If you don't order their enchiladas you have to ask for  a side of their green sauce - it's awesome.Their prickly pear mojito is super tasty if you like sweet drinks. And they definitely have the best chips and salsa in town.The service is decent, although the last couple of times I've gone it's been a little subpar. For some reason I always end up seated around the corner, and my server tends to forget about me. Other than that, the ambience is great. I definitely think the Henderson location was much better, and I'm sad it's no longer there. The service there was always top-notch, as well as the food (of course). Overall El Jefe is a great place - not too pricey and it's tasty.
3	I'm pretty particular about mexican food - I honestly prefer the junky "street food" style stuff (ala Roberto's) to the classy pseudo-mexican stuff you find at most places. This place had some hits and misses and I look forward to trying it again and hopefully improving my review. Sangria/margarita swirl - I've had awesome luck with sangria swirl drinks at my favorite spots back in TX. This one was gross - it tasted like an icky lime/grape slurpy thing. Next time I'll try a margarita on the rocks and hopefully it will taste better!Chips - YUM. Definitely tasted fresh.. some of the best chips I've had here in Vegas at a Mexican spot. Nachos - they allegedly came with "cheese sauce". We were so psyched a place had queso but we were sorely disappointed... their cheese sauce wasn't really queso.. or even queso blanco.. it was freaking alfredo sauce. These were a definite miss. "Taste of El Jefe'" - a tad pricey at $17.95, but I was curious to try El Jefe's best. They had a chicken breast flattened with cheese & beans (delish), avocado crusted mahi-mahi (there was no avocado on it and the fish was bland - I don't recommend this), and a lobster enchilda. The lobster enchilda was rich creamy goodness. Although I can't say it was filled with an abundance of lobster, the delicious sauce made up for any shortfalls. I'll be ordering a plate of these guys next time I come back to El Jefe's!
2	El jefe is definitely not the Boss of Mexican food.Overall the ambiance was very nice, the staff was nice, the Margarita was NOT good and the food was below average.The $12.00 Top Shelf Margarita was no where near as good as the mix you buy at Wal Mart.  It seemed as if they had a pitcher in the fridge that had sat too long and was watered down.  At El Jefe, they seemed to use every trick in the book to give the impression of robust amounts of food without actually providing much of the expensive stuff.  The guacamole is served in a metal Martini glass.  An inch above the top of the glass is Guacamole, everything from the rim under is shredded ICEBERG LETTUCE!  They ran out of steak so I ordered the shrimp tacos.  They put 3 small pieces of shrimp in each taco.  They did put a piece at the front and back of the taco to make it look full.  It was not.  Tacos were below average.  My sister in law ordered Fish tacos.  Each taco had TWO tiny pieces of fish in them.  Taste also below average.The Taco salad was a plate of shredded Iceberg Lettuce and was well below average.This was not good mexican food.  I do not recommend El Jefe.
2	Well lets see...first I wanna say I totally agree with the reviews this place already received. I usually survey restaurants too, and didn't see a single mexican person which threw me off. I mean the place does not need to be littered with a particular race but if the food is authentic and good then usually mexicans will frequent the place. (Same goes with Asians,Blacks etc.) Well I was brought here by a friend who seems to love the place..The waiter was polite..and the soda was flat. I ordered the green chicken enchiladas and they tasted so sweet..I mean I prefer spicy mexican food..not sweet mexican food. It totally killed the night for me..because it seemed like he was excited for me to like the food..He had such rave reviews for this place. Apparently a must if your in Vegas.My friend ordered the albondigas soup which didn't look like the kind my ex mother in law made. It looked like the can stuff honestly. But other than that the chips and salsa didn't look good either. The music was annoying and I didn't get a chance to look at the check or I'm sure I'd b*tch about the prices too. Where's a King Taco when you need one?
4	El Jefe's is great!  I purchased a restaurant certificate from the link below and not only was the food good but they are one of very few restaurants that honor desert &amp; alcohol under the restaurant.com certificate program.  Food is Yummy!  Always friendly and personal.  I've been dining there for little over a year and have always had a great experience with receiving my dinner on time and served hot.  That's huge in my book!  It's a different type of Mexican food and that's ok.  Just be prepared for that.  http://thedealfanatic.com
5	This is one of my "regular" places cause it's Yummy and the servings are pretty big too!   I love their chips and salsa, the chips usually come out warm.  Everything I have tried has been really good.  I usually get the steak fajitas.  The atmosphere is really nice too, would be nice to take a date.   I have taken out of town guests here a few times and they seemed to like it too.  I like the sangria, pretty basic but good with dinner.  TIP-sign up for their emails because they send out buy one get one free entree offers pretty often.
3	We were anxious to try this place, cuz it looked nice and is close to our new place in Vegas.  Boy I wish they served Breakfast,  cuz we're really struggling to find good breakfast spots around here.  Starting out the chips and salsa were excellent.The waitress carried on about some special double 1800 tequila drink  that can come any way you want it.  We said we'll pass and I ordered a regular Mango margarita that was on the menu for $6.50.  She brought a HUGE margarita and when i commented on how big it was she didn't fess up that she gave me the special thing anyway.  It wasn't till I got the bill that I saw the charge for $10.00 1800 special.I had the carnitas platter.  And honestly it was the BEST carnitas I've ever had in my life.  Super tender with a special taste from an orange glaze.  Too bad the rice was undercooked and bland, beans were boring.My husband had the carne asada plate and albondigas soup.  both were too spicy for my taste, but he loved them.  and he loved the tomato salad that he ate off both our plates. I paid the bill with $100 cash and almost left before realizing the waitress, Vickie,  had short changed me $10 and did not give me the coin change from the bill.  When I brought it to her attention, she said she thought she had made a mistake.   Why then she didn't check it before she gave it to me is puzzling.  When I asked about the coin change, she rudely said they NEVER give loose change and don't have any unless I want her to go all the way to the bar to get me some.   I said that was a little presumtive to assume I don't care about my change.  I said maybe you should at least let the patrons know,  that you're keeping this money.So I was bummed that it ended on a bad note.  The food was good enough, but I felt ripped off on the sneeking of the bigger margarita on my bill and keeping my coin change and shorting me $10 and not even sorry about it.  If I go back, maybe I'll try sitting at the bar to make sure I don't get this thief of a waitress.For the food I would have given it 4 stars, but this waitress who started out nice,  ruined it for me in the end.
5	Great service at the bar!
1	Food was god awful. The mole sauce tasted like they used powdered chocolate just tasted weird. My parents live close to the restaurant and I was craving Mexican as I'm from NYC and there is not much selection in terms of decent Mexican. If you are in Henderson avoid this place like the plague
3	The food is not going to blow your socks off... but you'll get a decent meal. If I had to choose between Chevy's and here.... it'd be Chevy's. But there's no Chevy's near us... so here I am again at El Jefe's.Hmm.Shrimp tacos were too dry. They need more sauce and not the salsa from the chips served at the beginning of the meal. Chicken enchiladas were pretty good though and I would order this again.Carne Asada platter was filling and had good flavor... but again, this is not going to blow your socks off. It's just going to satisfy you.For the drinks, you can have the standard margaritas and variations on the theme. What I liked most was the service. Our server was very attentive. Check restaurant.com for a $25 gift certificate.
1	Don't waste your money. Total crap.
5	MY FAVORITE FANCY MEXICAN RESTAURANT IN VEGASThis is my favorite Mexican restaurant in Las Vegas. It is fancy Mexican, not the authentic stuff that you'll find at the (awesome) Fausto's / Roberto's / Maria's.We've been here many times and will go back often. We used to get the TASTE OF EJ JEFE'S which is a combination of their three omost popular entrees served together: Sabana de Pollo, Avocado Crusted Mahi-Mahi and  one Lobster Enchilada ($17.95). The Sabana de Pollo is good, but we fell in love with the other two entrees. Now my girlfriend gets the AVACADO CRUSTED MAHI-MAHI and I get the pair of LOBSTER ENCHILADAS. Both are outstanding.But this isn't just about great entrees. They have spoiled me on their chips. They are my favorite and I catch myself saying "These aren't as good as El Jefe's chips" anytime I eat at other Mexican restaurants. The salsas are pretty good, too.They have a full bar but they have really good SANGARIAS. REALLY good. I don't drink much these days but I do have a sangaria almost every time I go. They don't put enough ice in them, but I'd rather them put more sangaria in my glass and let me put ice cubes from my water.While I do enjoy dessert, I try to not eat it often. I figure that if I"m paying for a meal I should eat it, and besides, it's better for me. And while I'm not frugal, it doesn't make sense for me to order $15-$20 of sweets (for three of us) that we really don't need.That said, I LOVE their AUTHENTIC FRIED ICE CREAM! Their dessert menu is full of yummy selections, but it is rare to get REAL ice cream that has been fried. Our family loves cinnamon and the crispy coating is perfect, so this is a big hit for us. One order will certainly satisfy a three person family.The atmosphere blows away most Mexican restaurants. While this isn't fine dining, it is definitely upscale. It's fancier than Super Mex or Chevy's, not much more expensive, and MUCH better food quality. The bar is separate from the dining area (although you can see each from the other), is full service, and rather large.The rumor that I heard is that the guy who founded the place years ago started it up near the Galleria mall. (I ate there years ago and it was just as good then.) He ended up opening three locations but right after opening the third, he died in a small airplane crash. The rumor continues to go on to say that without him running things, the business needed to contract into one establishment so they closed all of them except the one on Eastern just north of St. Rose Pkwy.I have noticed that there is a big room in the back that could seat probably 30-40 people. I suspect that if you're looking for a place to hold a meeting that they would be more than happy to coordinate that with you.If you like or love Mexican food you really need to check out El Jefe's. There isn't anything that I would change and I have only had great meals there. Enjoy!Awesome. Mahi, Lobster Enchiladas, Fried Ice Cream.
2	We have gone to this resteraunt a few times since we moved to vegas since this is one of the only places you can find somewhat Authentic mexican food. The best part of the place is the chips... Other than that everything is overpriced and not all it is cracked up to be.
3	my friends could not stop raving about the lobster enchiladas from this place while we were in vegas, so we HAD to go. I really liked the chips. I guess they are a blend of flour and corn so they had a different texture than ordinary tortilla chips. Very crisp!unfortunately, i wasnt too impressed by the enchiladas. they didnt exactly blow my mind. i liked the sauce more than the food itself.  However, it was really sweet. I enjoyed it more as a dip for the chips.  The service was great. Our waiter was really nice and attentive. maybe i just wasnt in the mood, so the food seemed mediocre.
2	My friends took me here on our way home to Los Angeles from Las Vegas.  They couldn't say enough good things about the lobster enchiladas so I ordered one a la carte.  It was OK.  The sauce was sweet but really not flavorful.  This place is a bland version of the American version of a genuine Mexican restaurant.  However, the service was really great!  If you want Mexican food, go somewhere else.
4	Good food and service. Very nice atmosphere.
2	I wasn't particularly impressed with El Jefe's. The staff was very friendly and the service excellent, however I feel like more time is spent getting the food to LOOK attractive than have it taste particularly memorable.  This is the sort of Mexican fare I would expect to receive if Mimi's Cafe served Mexican food.I see someone else commenting on how they love the chips here - I have to say the chips -were- very unusual, extremely dense and a bit soft (even though clearly home-made and very fresh). Unfortunately I didn't really enjoy the texture or the taste.
1	This place is a joke.. only one other  table in the whole place that should have been the first sign. Ordered nachos that took way to long to make and still came out with burnt meat and chips and cold not melted cheese. So we decided to cancel our "street tacos" which they brought out anyway and they had so much sauce we couldn't even see the meat. Sent it ALL back and blew that taco stand. Taco bell is more Mexican then The Boss.. Gross
3	It was really americanized mexican food. i prefer the authentic hold in the wall taqueria food. +1 nice and clean atmosphere+1 great service+1 great shrimp tacos-1 besides the shrimp tacos. I didnt like anything else-1 ive had better mexican food
1	I kind of feel like im in a walmart commercial slashing stars, with this place. We have been there a few times and i know I gave it 2 stars the first time i reviewed it and since then we have been there a few more times and they have seemed to mess up our order every time we have been there. I have wanted to remove a star but the nicer side of me said no. Well to hell with being kind after this last trip. We ordered an order of the shredded beef nachos with the jallepenos on the side and when we got home we cracked open this styrofoam box of goodness... BUT NOPE.. We opened up to a box of Carne asada nachos with more jallepenos then I think I have ever seen on an order of nachos. I love jallepenos, the wife doesn't and they can always be picked off but  my main gripe is that they have managed to screw up our order 4 times in a row now. Come on Jeffe, make it happen. If i come back.
4	The place is amazing.  The food is incredible and the place is really well laid out.  The chips and salsa are unlike anything you've had and worth the trip alone.  It's a specific ratio that they brag about, but I happen to salivate just thinking of those things.  The salsa is also homemade.My experience the very last time was a bit disappointing, but only because I saw the waiter/bartender twice.  We almost left because he never greeted us.  I know busy restaurants, having served for 2 years, and they were not busy.But the other times before that I was wowed.  I had a burrito one time and the Carnitas Especiales at another.  I had a chicken quesadilla to start, and the drinks just kept on coming.  The service was astounding!But they sail short of 5 stars for this reason - management needs to make their servers care.  I was so disappointed last time, I don't know just how soon I want to come back, even if they DO marinate their pork in a citrus-based marinade that's to die for.That being said, I think Chevy's and Macayo's are a joke, in comparison, food-wise, but the service is just inconsistent enough, I don't know how soon I will be returning.
3	It's good only if you are going for chips and salsa and margaritas on the patio. Great view of the strip and friendly staff are a plus. One of the bartenders even gave me and my boyfriend a complimentary tequila shot and slice of cake. But their food, honestly, wouldn't come back for it, pretty blah if you love real mexican food.
4	I first experienced El Jefe's when I was visiting Las Vegas a few years back.  I enjoyed my experience the first time so it was definitely on my list of places to come back to when I moved here.  Ive always had great service with all of the employees.  They make great drinks and have a nice selection of salsa's for their chips and salsa order.  They have great options for seating, the bar works or restaurant seating as well.  Overall, a great place.  I definitely recommend!
5	I went back to my old stomping ground just to enjoy El Jefe and their chips. I wanted to cry when I saw they were now closed.  What happened?
