3	I came here autumn of '07.  The service was IMPECCABLE.  Otherwise I would really just give this place 2 stars.My bone in ribeye tasted a tad funny on the edges.  It tasted like...the fridge =X  It was gross.  They give you a HUGE steak though, more than enough to share with another person.  Problem is...who gets the end pieces? XDMy bf got the prime rib and thought it was okay.  Nothing special.  I tried it, I agree.  Haha, he'd rather go to Outback XDMy friend's mac & cheese was very good =d  And the broccolini was also very good.  The complimentary bread was okay, except for the bitter fig pieces...weird o.o;;We had the strawberry tree dessert.  Apparently my friends had gotten that earlier in the year and the strawberries were HUGE =d  Wasn't so for the autumn =T  They could, at the very least, have given us more strawberries to compensate *SIGHS*  And the white chocolate and "dark" (more like milk) chocolate dips were much too sweet and lumpy...???So for 2 giant prime ribs (not dry aged), 1 bone in ribeye (not dry aged), 1 order of mac & cheese, 1 order of broccolini, and the strawberry tree came out to a little over $200.For the food, price, and the fact that they're supposed to be a  "high class" restaurant - 2 stars.  For their service - I want to give this place 2 stars because I was very impressed but I can't bring myself to give this place an overall rate of 4 stars =(
4	I heard the three magic words within hours of arriving in Vegas - things moved really quickly: truffle, mac, cheese. eeeyah.  That was the extent of the action for me really, being in Vegas, the new destination for all things trade show. TJ's is what I call boring Vegas. It is clean. It is predictably expensive. Items are a la carte, a side of (ginormous) asparagus $12.I didn't have it but the filet looked stupendous. Truffle mac - excuse me while I wipe the drool from my mouth just recalling that lovely serving of melted heaven. Mmmmmmmmmmmm.Ask for the wop wop wine, have a few glasses of that and you'll soon forget you're in Vegas for work and actually start believing you're in a super hot Casino on the strip.Service rocked.What can I say the offerings in the Hilton at the Convention Center are fine. It's just not super Vegas, ya know?
3	im torn on my star rating. the food was excellent but the decor, service and overall impression is just kind of...ok.we ate here our first night in vegas on a work trip (i.e., company card), as we were tired and it was really the only decent looking sit down restaurant in all of the HIlton. for a place that has $50-$80 entrees, we waited an awful long time to be seated. we stood at the host stand listening to phone ring off the hook and watched the servers look at us as they went about their work (not so much as a "someone will be with you soon") for about 10 minutes. finally the host appeared - an older gentleman who did apologize and seemed like he indeed had been attending to an important task.he sat us in the standard, low lit fancy steakhouse setting (cloth tableclothes, pre-set stemware) and we looked over a wine list. our server was predictably sassy/snooty but did recommend an excellent glass of zinfandel.i ordered a medium well filet mignon (one of the, if not the, cheapest items on the menu at $29). in typical expensive dining style, that came with nothing, so we ordered garlic mashed potatoes and truffle mac and cheese on the side (at 8 bucks a pop).bread and butter arrived - a focaccia chunk and a fig-infused loaf. the focacia was excellent. and when our food got there it was pretty damn good. the mashed potatoes were nothing special but that mac and cheese...i could not stop eating it. a fourth of my steak was leftover because i just kept eating that damn pasta. service was attentive throughout the meal, with incessant water filling.i don't think i'd go back. the food wasn't bad, and i wasn't that bummed by the snooty service, i just would rather spend that kind of money on more a unique expereience  i guess. but that's my style, and i'm sure this place is perfect for the traveling businessmen and vacationing suburban 40-somethings who are looking for a nice steak.
4	My wife and I showed up at 10 minutes to closing with no reservations and the manager gave us the 411.  He said he would seat us immediately but didn't want us to feel rushed as they would be trying to take our order right away.  Well they walked us in and no one rushed us for anything.  Our bussboy had our water constantly filled and our waiter took time with us too, helping my wife to choose a wine with her dinner.  I of course had the Prime rib and it was wonderful (and large).  I also had the sides of garlic mashed potatoes and creamed spinach.  My wife had the asparagus and sauteed mushrooms and topped it off with a large salad.  The atmosphere was a cross between romantic and peaceful, which is no small feat when you have a casino right outside your doors.  When my wife and I finally gave up trying to finish everything, it was all packaged up for us and we enjoyed it the next day.  Our bussboy, the waiter and the manager were all very cordial and they turned a last minute meal into a very nice food affair for us.
5	I had one of my best dinners in Vegas right here in the Hilton... whooda thunk?Hubby and I split the $40 pork chops, a wedge salad, and a loaded baked potato. Heaven on EARTH people... just heavenly. Our friend said the salmon was tasty, and her hubby had a filet that had him talking about it all night. I can't eat the bread, but our table devoured it and asked for more... it was some kind of honey wheat loaf with fruit and damn did it look/smell good! Ordered a half bottle of wine for $20, about 2.5 glasses so that was a nice deal. Our waitress, gosh darn it I cant remember her name but she was amazing. So friendly, patient, informative... and even when our buddy spilled his soda all over the table, she quickly fixed the problem with a smile on her face and tried to make him feel less embarrassed about it. The food was brought out quickly and she was all over our table for refills and assistance.All around a gem, take the time to check it out if you are in the mood for a steak dinner under 100 bucks! (Our bill was only 80!)
4	Classy steakhouse that will not disappoint you but make sure to save plenty of money to cover the bill.  My husband and I shared a house special salad with baby spring mix, pecans and a special dressing.  Then we both had the prime rib and it was cooked to perfection.  I was worried when I saw the size of the asparagus, as they were really thick and I always try to get the thin tender ones.  I should not have worried because they were tender and cooked so they were still crisp.     We did not have reservations but we were there mid week.  Our server was very serious but the other staff were friendly and engaging.   The only down side was a very intoxicated diner, but the entire place was quiet and cozy once he left.
5	I was on recent business trip to the Vegas strip and I stay at the MGM Grand. I was  looking for a good dinner and couple of the workers pointed me to TJ's.  This is a classy steakhouse that will not disappoint you. My server was very serious attentive, and  right on with his delivery of service, but the other staff were friendly and engaging.  I had the prime rib which was prepare perfect and was very tender to the fork which I use to cut  it with and serve along side of the wedge of letter. I do recommend  you bring plenty of money to cover the bill.
1	I will not eat here again and would not recommend it to anyone.  Overpriced for level of service and quality of food prep.  We sat at the table for almost 10 minutes before a server came to the table.  Our first round of drinks and the bread basket sat empty way to long.  They didn't time my prime rib with my wife's salmon well at all.  Her salmon had obviously been sitting under a heat lamp for some time.  I'll pay the Vegas prices, but I had better get good food for it.
5	Top notch service - food was exceptional. I a thinking at this point best steak I have ever ate in Vegas. Price was the same range as many others...
4	Was in Vegas for a trade show recently & was invited to a customer dinner at TJ's in the Hilton. I have to say that I was really looking forward to a great Sin City dinner at one of the hot spots on the strip & TJ's is not it... However, I knew that going into it and the bottom line for us was that it was convenient to the trade show, taking place a few steps away at the LV Hilton Convention Center. We were greeted by our server with menus in hand right as we were seated - he was a character! I believe his name is Limon and very accommodating :-) We started our meal with a lovely champagne cocktail and a bread basket with an assortment of different breads and softened butter was passed around. Next, the wine "expert" at our table selected a lovely bottle of Pinot Noir for us all to share... delish! We finally made our menu selections and were served our soup/salad starters in just a few moments. My selection was the lobster bisque which I was quite pleased with, although it could have been a bit hotter - temperature wise. It did have some nice chunks of lobster meat in it and the texture was a buttery velvety perfection. The salads served to a few of our dining partners looked nice, again - great portions - although I didn't taste any of them.Next up - the entrees and naturally, most of us ordered up a steak and/or lobster. My fillet was cooked to perfection with a *fabulous* Maitre 'd butter. Now, they're on the pricey side - I want to say aprox. $39/steak with no sides included. We ordered up a nice assortment of side dishes (about $9/side) for us all to share, including the mac 'n cheese, whipped potatoes, asparagus and broccolini... All = YUM! After that grand meal none of us were up for dessert, although a few of us enjoyed a hot tea or coffee. I have to say that the only negatives were the atmosphere, it feels like a hotel restaurant & not in the show-stopping Vegas way and the fact that it's located in the out-of -date Hilton. I'm pleased to share that our trade show is being upgraded to a hotel & convention center on the strip next year - yea! Although this is not TJ's fault :-)Bottom line - if you're stuck at the Hilton, TJ's is a nice place for a great steak dinner!
5	Great food and atmosphere. Martinis were perfect too. Def a great choice at the Hilton.
4	Very good steakhouse in Vegas. Very classy and all the food was awesome. We had the halibut and the filet and we were very pleased.
3	Maitre d was fairly horrendous. No coat room and essentially refused/was otherwise unhelpful regarding storing luggage before/during dining.Average steakhouse, filet mignon was good. Some decent fish options - salmon, sea bass, halibut but nothing breathtaking.
2	If you must eat in this hotel, i suppose this is the place to do it. Glad my meal was compd'. Food isn't bad, just too expensive for what you get. I would have regretted paying for it.
4	My date and I came into the Hilton a bit early for a comedy show and decided to grab a bit to eat. Luckily we came across TJ's and had a nice experience. The atmosphere was peaceful and it was a nice change of pace from the typical Vegas scene. Wonderful salmon and wedge salad. The server split the wedge salad for us and it was just enough food. The bread we were served was delicious. It had walnuts and cranberries that almost reminded me of a breakfast loaf. So good. My salmon....high priced (around $28?) but little did I know it was going to be a slab large enough to feed two people. Had we known this, this is the route we would have taken to save a bit of $. The salmon had a nice light sauce on it and did come with some oddly placed spinich and corn. The prices are fairly high and sadly it's one of those restaurants that everything is ordered seperately. This was the only drawback as ordering the salad was nearly $11 and a side of asparagus was $9. Service was good however and the food was tasty.
1	Wish I could give a zero star score. I will not be going back. I was never offered a drink. And while my steak was cooked perfectly, I wonder how much I had to pay to see cockroaches climbing the walls
4	Typical Classy Steakhouse Ambiance...Started off with a warm bread basket,The Hubby & I ordered our usual:-Assorted seafood platter-Calamari steak-Surf & Turf (8 oz  Petite Filet Mignon & Lobster Tail)-Prime RibService was Delightful!!
4	Typical Las Vegas steakhouse. Service was great, though our server seemed stretched thinly over all the people.The order:-filet mignon - medium rare-New York strip steak - medium rare-Pacific halibut-Crab cakes-Heart of palm salad-Baked Alaska birthday cake.The Filet is excellent, perfectly cooked. You get sauce and a small triangular potato with it. The steak breaks apart in your mouth, just leaving your tongue with sublime juices. The NY strip steak is tougher and bigger. Not bad, but not a filet. The Pacific Halibut was delicious!!! Large portion, flaky fish with creamy sauce. Crab cakes were decent, you get 2 per order. The Heart of Palm salad was amazing - served with a side of greens and vinaigrette.Complimentary birthday baked Alaska. Happy birthday Dad!
5	Great king crab!! Great ambiance....dinner overall was a great hit with the wife!!
3	Food was good, service bad.... Nice server, but he forgot about us. We waited for an hour after we fin eating to het asked desert...
4	i was invited by a friend to TJs as this is out of my price range unless we are talking special occasion.  That being said, the staff was very pleasant and helpful, atmosphere was quiet, the bread was incredible, menu selection was great, nice wine and the strawberry tree for dessert... this is the only way to describe it - OMG !!!!  If you don't ordered - don't blame me, I told you to.  P.S. - I had the lamb chops - medium.  They were excellent and I couldn't finish them !  Hope you enjoy TJs as much as I did !
1	I just had the most awful bone-in rib eye I've ever had at a "steakhouse".  I could have honestly gotten a better steak at the grocery store. The first steak was over cooked, and the replacement steak, though cooked properly, was just as tough and had NO flavor other than the butter on top.  The one star is being given because the wine and baked potato were good.  I will NOT return, and I do not recommend this restaurant to anyone!!  When we complained, it was is if they were accustomed to hearing it...other than a half-hearted apology, nothing was done to accommodate us or encourage us to return.  .
3	This isn't a bad place at all. It's just not that amazing.Before you go here, you need to figure out a reason to justify it. Pretty much every hotel in Las Vegas has a steakhouse, and I would say that most of the ones I have been to are better. But maybe you're going here because you think the casino host will comp your meal. Legit reason. Or maybe you're me... and your girlfriend got sucked into a timeshare presentation... and part of our "package" included a $100 gift card to the steakhouse. Thus, we had a reason to go.Our service was just fine, and our waiter was quite friendly. As for the food itself, it was also fine. And when I say "fine," I guess I really mean that it was quite good. However, in the realm of expensive steakhouses, it was probably just fine. The bread was warm, and I definitely had my fair share. We got an awesome appetizer of seared ahi tuna. That was definitely the highlight of the meal.I went with a steak and lobster. The lobster was excellent, and the steak was about average, for a nice classy steakhouse.We had a very nice meal here, and we would not hesitate to go back, as long as we had some reason to do so. If it were our choice, we'd pick one of the other steakhouses on the strip, which are maybe only slightly more expensive and far more unique.
4	Went to TJ's on a Friday night and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. I had the ribeye medium. My partner had the NY strip. The ribeye was done perfectly and one of the best steaks I've eated in a long time. Each bite delighted me. The NYStrip was okay. Bread was absolutely fantastic, and I would've walked away with a whole loaf if I could've. Brocollini was yummy. My partner enjoyed the creme brulee for dessert. The order-sides-separately surprised us and we paid more than we expected to. Still, the ribeye rocked and that's what I'll remember.
5	TJ's was a great experience. I was in the mood for a good steak, but walking in I noticed the salmon on a few tables, and it looked delicious! So after a few glasses of a good Pinot Noir, and a small bowl of fantastic French onion soup, came my salmon, Amazing doesn't do it justice! It was fantabulistic! I devoured it along with a tasty side of grilled asparagus.. Some of the people I was with ordered the pork chops and filet's and said the same about their dishes. We left and not one of us had a negative thing to say, and the service was impeccable!!
4	This is an Outstanding steak house with a large and unique wine selection. Smoked prime rib was the best I ever had but still excellent with a strong flavor. The pork chops may be the best I ever had. The au gratin potatoes are awesome. The mac and cheese is also very well done and went great with our wine.
4	I have eaten at TJ's about once every year for the last 6 years due to coming to a trade show at the Hilton each year.This steak house is a little known jewel.  Delicious apps, one of the best wedge salads I've ever had, perfectly cooked steak, and usually, the service you would expect from a high end steak house.This place is old school; dimly lit, dark paneled walls and red leather booths.I took my family here to expose them to TJ's, as I've been telling them about it for forever, and it didn't disappoint.  We shared a shrimp cocktail, which had four very large, fresh shrimp with a great cocktail sauce. 3 of us had the petite fillet, which was deliciously tender and cooked perfectly. My son ordered the pan seared salmon, which was a very large fillet, also cooked perfectly (medium).  The four of us split two huge baked potatoes with all of the add-ons.Service was exceptional, as it usually is.Just a great steak house in Vegas.
4	We were very pleased with our service and food here at T.J.'s. Large portions and good presentation made our dinner worth the price. Las Vegas restaurants have increasing become expensive over the years and this steak house is no exception.This place is old school. Pictures of  Las Vegas of yesteryear grace the wall, quiet atmosphere conducive to conversation - A nice change from the loud buffet and cafes
5	Located inside LVH, this is top notch! Food and service outstanding!
4	The steak is pretty juicy! However the salmon is just awesome. their food presentation is pretty neat . I would totally  recommend this place
4	I had gotten into vegas a bit early before heading out to party. My friends and I were staying at the Las Vegas Hotel, little did I know that there would be a pretty good steakhouse here. A few of us came in for a bite to eat. Their set up is pretty much like any steakhouse really, nothing fancy. I ordered the PRIME RIB, with a side of CREAMED SPINACH. It reminded me a lot of Lawry's in LA, but with a bit of a different spin on their flavors. The downside to this restaurant is that the server was really rude to our guy friends, and really respectful to us. It upset me because we were paying for a nice dinner and to have a douche bag of a server killed it. Needless to say, try out the restaurant if you are in vegas, just don't get a male server. :D ENJOY!
4	NYE. Wasn't my first time here but was the first time basically sober in a position to remember enough for a review. I ordered the spicy crab cakes to start.. nice flavor not really spicy but it was good. The I ordered Pork Chops. I like the seasoning and the flavor was excellent. I would do these again anytime. Service was great and the five of us had a great time. I would recommend
5	came here on valentines day only because we couldn't get into benihana so i made some last minute reservations which weren't  really necessary as it was empty. Our waiter was very friendly, attentive and was very speedy as well as courteous. The steak was superb and probably the BEST steak ive ever had! It is a bit pricey but it is definitely worth the money.
3	Solid steakhouse, slightly dull ambiance.I had the classic steakhouse meal: some mildly-genteel Cabernet, Caesar salad, petite Filet and baked potato. The baked potato is GINORMOUS, so I shared with my date -- and it was plentyfor each of us (and I have what's politely called a "healthy" appetite).Everything was great. The Caesar wasn't fishy, the steak was fabulous, and the potato was...a potato (pretty hard to f*ck THAT up!). Prices were as expected: my date ordered the exact same thing as I did, but with a second glass of wine, and the total bill was around $170.  Since steak is steak, let's talk atmo: is there anything that sets this apart from every other steakhouse in Vegas? Well, it's SOLIDLY unpretentious, which earns it big points in my book....but the ambiance is kinda dull. Dim lighting, boring furniture, and not much in the way of decor aside from giant black-and-white photos of past stars who have performed at the hotel. The one over our table was of Miss Ann-Margret...but was mislabeled as "Charo" (!!!!!!). Overall: if you're staying at the LVH, this place is fine. But I wouldn't call it a destination steakhouse.
5	Used my $20 coupon, good steakhouse.
1	Really bad. 1 star food at a 5 star price. Definitely avoid eating here. I had lobster and it was so overdone but yet it was priced as if it were fresh from the dock. Service was week. They had a huge group come in and it got so out of control. These girls acted as if they were in a pizza parlor, doing cheers and screaming and management never tried to step in. Bad food, bad service, bad ambiance. Just bad overall. At least I did not get food poison so that's a plus!
4	Compared to all of the other places in LVH that I have eaten at, this one comes out on top!  Friendly bartender let me taste several wines before I picked one.  Tasty warm  focaccia and cranberry & walnut bread served beforehand.  I ordered the salmon and it was HUGE!  Very delicious, I enjoyed EVERY bite.  Friendly and professional service (180 degree difference compared to the staff at the Paradise Cafe!)
4	They give me free food here because they think I own the place.
3	We were staying at the LVH and received a $25 coupon so we decided to give it a try.  The ambience was fine - quiet, subdued, looked and felt very old-school.  The bread, especially the cranberry walnut, was fresh and good. We ordered the $32.50 8 oz. petite filet - the quality was just ok, not the tenderest I have had and in fact had a slightly odd grainy texture that is unusual for this cut of meat - but at least mine was cooked to the right temperature (medium) and seasoned well.  My companion ordered hers well done and it came butterflied and a little dried out and overseasoned. The table shared a potato au gratin and mesquite grilled asparagus.  Both were solid and good, if uninventive, and generously portioned to share and decently priced at $8.95 per side.The wine list was not very extensive, but they had a decent selection of under $60 bottles as well as under $15 by the glass.  The service was also decent, if a bit aloof and pedestrian.  Mention of the dried out and overseasoned steak yielded no sympathy or response from the server, nor did it result in any discount or comp from the final bill.Overall it was an ok experience, but with so many other awesome steakhouses now populating Vegas, I doubt that I will go back.
4	We call this the Home of the $80 rib-eye. Loved this restaurant. The ambiance. The food. The pictures of all the actors and singers on the walls. We started out in the lounge area while waiting on others to join us. Then made our way into the very soft lighted dining area.Champagne and wine were excellent. I ordered the Sea Bass paired with a nice crisp Sauvignon Blanc - manifique. Would definitely return for the experience.
5	Walking into the steakhouse is like taking a time machine back to the days of  Elvis Presley, Frank Sinatra, and Dean Martin. Although they aren't there in person, they definitely are in spirit. You'll hear their voices fill the air, as you sit and enjoy a wonderful meal. I love this steakhouse so much I frequent it every time I visit Vegas. ( which is on average about 1-2 per month) Allow me to start by expressing my gratitude to their amazing staff. Dominic Perisi their manager has always taken time out of his busy schedule to personally assist me in finding the perfect Pinot Noir. My waiter Ray has always given my friends and I nothing but top notch service. Keeping our wine glasses full and smiles on our faces with his personable charm. The menu has everything you want in a great steakhouse. Fresh seafood, premium steaks, mouthwatering side dishes, and desert creations you won't find anywhere else on the strip. My personal favorite is their take on s'mores. So, next time you are visiting fabulous Las Vegas, do yourself and your taste buds a favor and visit TJ's! You won't be disappointed.
4	Was staying at the hotel and started craving beef... Again! We hadn't already been to Benihana so I decided to try out TJs since they gave me a coupon. I arrived and they had a prime rob special going on and it was DELISH!!! I drank a glass of wine and relaxed for a while. Nice romantic classy feel and good to get away from the mayhem that Vegas has to offer.
4	NOM NOM NOM NOM!!  If you eat crab cakes, order them here and get another one to go.Filet mignon, medium well of course, with a side of au gratin pototaoes = 1 Very happy camper. Service was excellent, and the ambience was quiet and relaxing.  It is a steakhouse so it was a little pricey, but right in line with typical steakhouse prices.Dinner for 1 was about $60 including the appetizer, and worth every penny. Will DEFINITELY return next time I'm in Sin City, whether I stay at the LVH or not.
5	ok after staying at the LVH for a tradeshow, this has become out go to place for dinnerthe lobster brisque is amazingthe crab cakes amazingand the inbone rib eye was amazingnuff said
1	Food tasted ok... Until my friends and I all ended up SICK after leaving this restaurant. It was absolutely awful since we were in town celebrating a joyous occasion and only together for the weekend. We were supposed to go to a show afterwards and instead ended up urgently taking a cab back to our hotel since we all desperately had to use the bathroom and had nausea and stomach cramps. We all had the exact same apps and entrees (steak, shared caesar salad, au gratin potatoes, asparagus). Instead of having a great time that night, we were all miserable and suffering from digestive issues all night long into the morning. We came here for steak and obviously NOT anticipating diarrhea and we were unbelievably disappointed with our experience to say the least. If I could give this 0 stars, I would. It really makes me wonder what they put in the food or how clean the food prep is.
4	Wow! Talk about a diamond in a rough! I don't even know where to begin! I just ate here last night on the spur of the moment booked a reservation on opentable.com to for 9:00PM, when I arrived there was only 2 other couples in the entire place was very quiet and romantic setting! Decided to skip any wine or alcoholic beverages this dining.. Entrees ordered the Bone-In "Chicago Style" Ribeye and the roasted half if chicken. For sides we went with the maccoroni and cheese and huge baked potatoe! Literally big enough to share I couldn't even finish the who thing! The food was amazing I would definitely return!
5	My first 5 star review.  I had the Chicago bone in steak, it was the BEST steak I've had in recent memory. The sides were also delicious.  We were wise not to order appetizers because we were just able to finish our main course. If your in Vegas and want a GOOD steak then this is the place for you.
5	This place was really good is was delightful ! The salmon and lobster where to die for ! Get the Mac and cheese it was just the perfect amount of  cheese (:
