4	So, to remove any confusion.  This is NOT a part of the El Torito chain of Mexican restaurants found in most of Southern California.This El Torito is a family creation that still sits on Boulder Hwy in Henderson on the way to Boulder City.  The area that it lives in used to be surrounded by unique businesses.  Such as Old Vegas, which was for the most part a Western Theme Park, the Nevada History Museum, and a Motel...I can't remember it's name but is resembled the Bate's Motel from Psycho.  Now most of those places are gone but El Torito still stands and is still family owned and operated.  Some of the menu has changed and they've added some American fare, but the old recipes still exist and are worth a try.  My favorite is still their Albondigas soup....which is a meatball soup with onions and other such vegetables in the broth, yum.If you're passin' through Hendertucky on the way to Lake Mead, make sure you stop by and get a plate Taco's....it'll make your tummy smile.
5	We found this restaurant on a recent trip with 'Yelp', this is the best locally owned restaurant we found in 2500 miles.  Don't waste your time going to a chain, you will not be disappointed with these guys. The owners (3rd generation) were great and the food was excellent. The couple in the booth next to us had been coming for 30 years.  When I'm through this area again, its the place for us.
4	I found the staff really friendly, and the clientele too! It's a pretty long menu with reasonable prices. Great salsa; can't tell if they make their own chips though.. back in Queens you could tell by how greasy the chips where.The decor is just this side of Salvation Army, which just adds to the charm for me. St. Patrick's Day was coming up and they had green decorations hanging from the ceiling, which was also amusing given the sombreros on the walls and the overall redness of the furnishings.Try the albondingas soup. It's a spicy beef broth with two meatballs.
3	This was a pretty good mexican food place, I gotta say. The chips and salsa was good but the chile could have used more heat. I ordered the cheese enchiladas w/ hot (comes in either hot or mild) enchilada sauce. It was a bit too hot, if i ordered this again i'd get mild. My bf ordered the shredded beef red chile -which was good, very good, came out just as we pictured it. The rice was good but pretty spicy, gotta say i've never had spicy rice before. The beans were good - and covered in cheese. just like everything else. I would definitely recommend trying this place. I cannot give this place more than 3 stars b/c what kind of mexican restaurant doesn't serve menudo?? and like i said the chile needed more heat.  :)please note: this place was packed at 11:30 on a saturday afternoon and its all by itself - out pretty far past downtown henderson.
4	Good quality, tasty Mexican food at a very reasonable price. However the service is hit or miss, and they occasionally run out of different menu items. Your best bet is to go there during slower hours... If the parking lots is jam packed, you will most likely get slower service.My personal favorite is the chicken chimi, served wet with all the garnishes. So tasty. Goes perfect with a pitcher of margaritas.
5	You can not judge a book by it's cover- Nor can you judge a restaurant by it's unassuming appearance....Because this place has Great food EVERYTIME! Yesterday, I picked up my friend Lisa and we decided to do some old school Henderson Eating!El Torito has been in Henderson for as long as I can remember- It has gone from a one room eatery to a nice size cafe. I am not crazy about their nachos or fajitas ... but what is good- is their traditional style mexican food. Cheese enchiladas.. YUMGreen chili pork enchiladas double YUMTheir tacos with homemade shells are delicious too. They have so many good items that it is hard to put them all right here.Yesterday I had a green chili pork enchilada AND a ground beef taco. DIVINE! Also sampled some chips with their unique and totally scrumptious salsa. Their rice is not like most rice at a mexican food eatery. It is their own recipe and it is not tomato based... hands down the best mexican rice ever. They also make albondigas soup , which is a treat you simply can not miss out on.I love that this restaurant is family owned and passed down generation to generation. Unbelievably good...
5	Good place for true Mexican food. The location is strange far off, but don't let that stop you from trying their food. The food is excellent and the wait staff is very friendly, great customer service. The price is very fair.
5	I love El Torito!  It is one of my favorite Mexican restaurants in Henderson and go here a few times per month.  They are family owned, have friendly staff and the food is really, really good (especially the green chile pork).
5	this is the best Mexican food in the valley. from the outside it looks like a dive, but it should be on diners, drive inns, and dives because the food is that good. i have been eating here for over 10 years and have never had a bad meal. make sure you get the soup, it is awesome!! if you have not been you are missing out!
1	El Torito used to be good, I have been going there since I was a kid.  Lately, past few years, it has been getting worse and worse. Meals come out cold half the time, portions are smaller (specifically the rice and beans which are not half of what they use to be) and the service is not that good.  Servers are friendly but they rarely remember to bring your soup or anything else you ask for (every time we go there not just once or twice) and are slow as hell.  My mother in laws enchiladas kick El Torito's enchiladas asses.  Food is just not that great, not authentic as some here claim and is continually getting worse.  Hopefully they can eventually change this and right the ship, as I use to love El Torito.
5	Excellent  soup, great tasting enchiladas, tacos and the rice is different than in most Mexican restaurants. I have lived here for 16 years and just tried it a few months ago and is now my new place to go to. My wife judged the place from the exterior and looks are deceiving. Give it a try !! good chips and salsa too !!!
5	Me and my family have been coming to this place since I was a little boy.  Now 30+ years later, I am still going 3-4 times a month and taking my wife and child.  This is a family owned business.  The salsa is the best I have ever had hands down.  You can buy the salsa by the gallon which we do on occasion and it doesn't last a week in my house.  I haven't tried too many items on the menu because I love the few items I have tried too much to try anything else.  I love the cheese enchiladas (hot).  The soup is absolutely delicious as well.  I also recomend the green chili burro (wet).  I will never stop going to this place.  It's the best hidden gem in henderson.  By far my favorite place to eat because the food is great, and because it's a long tradition in my family to go here.  Prices are fair also, although they have gone up a bit recently, but still well worth it for me.
4	Since moving to Vegas this was the first Mexican place we found that we've really liked. Service is a little slow, the place is at the end of Boulder Hwy and looks kinda rough on the outside...but inside, the food more than makes you forget about that. Being from Colorado we love green chili and they make it the way we're used to. Let's put it this way we ordered guacamole and they forgot to bring it out but the food was so good we forgot all about it until after we had got home and we raved about the place all the way home. I can write very hostile reviews, but not of this place. It's worth the time to check it out. Oh and my 17 month old grabbed a chip and started in on the salsa...and didn't want to stop. The salsa is very good.
4	I come to Henderson about once a year if not more to visit my mom, but  because eating mom's cooking is one of the highlights of coming to visiting, the need to go out and eat was limited and since those I visited with are wimps when it comes to spicy, my places of choice were not as often as I would wish. However, my mom went into assisted living recently with great sadness her days of cooking are no more, but God provides good food nonetheless and He does so with El Torito Cafe. I've only eaten here probably only three time total prior to today but each time I do, I wish El Torito was in DeKalb. Today was no exception as I had the burrito w/chicken and I think it's described as smothered and hot, meaning it is covered in some hot sauce. As you know if you've read my other reviews I like hot and spicy and El Torito delivers the "Spice is Nice"I've had enchiladas and tacos in the past was satisfied. I'm looking to make one more visit before I go home to try a chimichanga and with mom no longer cooking and El Torito being a reasonable drive from my mom's new home El Torito will become one of my must visits when visiting mom
4	Very good Mexican food. I love how the food is so hot the cheese and sauce are still bubbling on the plate when they bring it to the table! Much like Cali Mexican food. Not foo-foo "fresh mex." They do the basics well. Enchiladas are great, chips/salsa are rockin; good, and many people order the chile verde pork burrito. The Albondigas soup is the best soup around. Very basic, but delicious. Will cure any ailment (excellent for a cold or flu)! Casual place, easy for kids and picky adults to find a great dish. Popular for breakfast, closed on Mondays and some holidays (a week at Christmas time). Easy to locate off the 95/wagonwheel exit, off boulder hwy next to the gun shop.
5	We've been going to El Torito since I was a kid. Now I live 2,000 miles away in Ohio and only get my tasty shredded beef tacos once a year when I visit my family.  When it's freezing cold in Dayton and we have 3 feet of snow outside I crave the albondigas soup. My dad calls it "dirty dishwater soup" but looks are deceiving! It is a simple, tasty, satisfying soup. The salsa is awesome too with a good shake of salt. Some people might find the service abrupt, but I've always found the staff friendly, efficient and accommodating (even though we always show up with a big group and linger over our once-a-year whole-family El Torito excursion). For those of you knocking it: It's a small family place with tasty food and a devoted (and not trendy) following... if that's not good enough for you then feel free to take your business to one of those character-less chain food places with their corporate-mandated "friendliness"... it just means I'll get my table faster.
1	I saw this place had a Groupon so I hopped on Yelp to look at the reviews.  Since they were positive I decided to buy it because the reviewers made me really excited about this place.  What a bust!  I will say that whenever I am excited about a restaurant and I see low reviews, I generally think those people are babies.  It's them that I should have listened too.  And here goes one of the whiners...The area of town and the outside of the restaurant prompted my wife to comment that she 'felt like she was in another city'.  I thought to myself 'exactly the reason this place is going to be so great'.  Inside was the same story.  The decor was so odd and unflattering that I thought again to myself,'this place is going to be great'!  The sauce all over my menu just sealed it for me.  Greatness!  What I'm trying to say is that if you have 20 or so reviews and you still have 4 stars then I will overlook all of this garbage because you MUST have great food.After three different people took different orders from us we ended up with our house salad.  Greatest salad ever?  Nope.  The salad had to be from a bag and it was covered (COVERED!) in ranch dressing.  To top it off there was about an inch of water covering the bottom of the bowl.  (I made sure to post a pic of it.)  Gross.  We couldn't even eat it and I was starving!  When they took the salad bowls away they asked why we hadn't eaten it...oh wait, I was dreaming.  They didn't even acknowledge the fact that the salad was untouched.  Then the food came out and I was staring at some round piece of food that was supposed to be a Chile Relleno (Picture).  I have had a number of Chile Rellenos in my day and none of them have ever been round.  I will spare you all the drama to say it was the worst Chile Relleno I've ever eaten.  The sauce was so odd that I couldn't even gag it down.  My wife's enchiladas were also pretty bland/bad.  I truly cannot even believe this place has 4 stars.  This was the most disappointed I have been in a long time.  I was so excited about this place and I thought it would be a great, hidden place to tell my friends about.  Amigos Cantina at Fiesta Henderson is waaaaay better and they don't have 4 stars.  Come on!
3	This place has wonderful reviews from their loyal customers. I'd like to appreciate this place for what it is. So what is it? This is a restaurant that has been serving this area of Henderson since dinosaurs roamed the Earth. Every older neighbor in my part of Water Street District has raved about them. So they're an integrated part of society here. They serve solidly average Mexican food. It's probably gone downhill a little on quality. The decor is funky. The wait-staff is generally personable. My salad, as another person has described on a review, was filled with water, small, and straight out of a bag with some cheese on it. It's ok - it's Mexican food. I don't think Robertos even HAS a salad. I shouldn't really be expecting an amazing salad if I am trying to order authentic Mexican food. My beans were so-so. They kind of tasted ... old. My rice was dry and flavorless. Our table wobbled. So why even give them three stars? My chimichanga was AWESOME. I got it smothered in red sauce, and the result was something that I can't begin to describe. I never like red sauce. I absolutely abstain from ordering enchiladas at Mexican restaurants because I hate that sauce so much. I've only ever liked it at one place, in California. But I took a gamble and I adored it. So did my husband. And he's picky. Way-picky. The kind of picky that won't try new places with me unless I beg or threaten bodily harm. The kind of picky that requires us to end up picking up pizza after we eat at a friends' house if they're serving something he doesn't like. The kind of picky that always orders the same thing wherever he goes. He said it was the second best enchilada sauce he's ever had. (Next to mine, of course.) For him to say that means I would take him back here simply for enchiladas. That is why they get three stars. They will have my business simply because they do one super-important thing better than anywhere else. You can't knock that.
1	If i could give zero stars I would. I was beyond disappointed. I was excited because how close it is to our home and all of the great reviews on here about how authentic, fresh, and delicious the food is. And it awful. Hubby got carnitas tacos, I got chicken fajitas,our son got chicken fingers and grandma got the carnitas platter. First the salsa and chips they serve you as you wait.. The salsa had very little flavor. The chicken on my fajitas was overcooked, dry, unseasoned and just awful.. The Spanish rice was bland probably just bouillon cube boiled in the rice. The guac wasn't anything special but it might've been the best thjng there along with the chicken fingers. The carnitas was DRY!! Unfortunately will not be going back
3	We went for an after work dinner the other night with a Groupon.  What a deal not only do we get the great Mexican food this place has to offer, the good service, but we got a good deal with the coupon to boot.  I hope they repeat that deal!When we arrived there were only two other tables seated but by the time the rest of the party arrived the restaurant was almost full.  By this time it was almost 5:30.  With the inrush of diners the wait for food was a little longer than usual but we were kept busy with an ample supply of fresh chips and salsa.  Hmmmm, salsa.  The servers here tend to take care of everyone and are not dedicated to certain tables.  We were asked frequently if we needed anything, but not to the point it was annoying.Our food arrived bubbling hot with generous portions.  Several of us got the pick two deal which was enough for me.  Typical Mexican faire rice here, tasty but could have been ramped up a bit.  I would add some onions and take it up a notch with some peppers or something, do something unusual since this is a mon-and-pop shop.  The enchiladas and sauce very flavorful.  Lot's of cheese and no hesitation when one in our party ordered extra, with no extra charge.  I like the texture of the refried beans here, they are not runny and soupy like some places serve them.  I wish there had been a little more of them on the plate though.  We ordered a garnish plate, $3.50 extra, and that could have been a little better stocked.  The guacamole is good but could have been a little more of it. Ok, I really mean a lot more of it.  I like guacamole!The one thing that was less than satisfying were the fish tacos.  They use Mahi-mahi which I generally like but this was served a bit dry.  Perhaps a little more of the garnish and sauce would have remedied that.Last note: the outside may be a bit of a distraction for some but the inside is clean.  Overall a good experience.  And yes we will be back, even if they do not make another Groupon appearance.
2	I have been to this place twice based on glowing recommendations by locals.  Each time I was overwhelmingly unimpressed.  As far as Yelp goes this has to be one of the more overrated restaurants on it.  4 stars!  This place is half a star above a Robertos taco shop on its best day.  I will say though, they always have a packed parking lot and seem to have a very loyal base of customers.  I always ask myself when I pass it; is it because the food is so good, or is it because they are no restaurants within a 5 mile radius of this place?  The food is average and not made with the finest nor freshest of ingredients.  Sure it is cool that they serve albondigas, but it is a half hearted effort.  Once you have the chips and salsa you might as well walk out because you are in for a parade of dull/bland dishes to follow.  So a 4 star place this is not.  If you are craving some mexican and you live nearby, I say give it a shot.  But, if you have to venuture to this desolate destination I would say you can go with any of the other run of the mill mexican joints you pass along the way.  *One more thing did a guy really knock this place for having a bad salad with RANCH dressing?  A side salad at a mexican restaurant....who knew?
3	Beyond the language barrier, the food is delicious.  The tacos are hearty and ingredients fresh.  When I ask for a side of pico de gallo and jalapenos, they really dish out the sides.  They don't have pico pre-made, but I was given cilantro, onions and tomatoes in separate souffle cups.Unfortunately, the last time I stopped in for lunch take away, there was a bit of a problem with the language barrier.  I ended up with jalapeno POPPERS, not jalapenos for my tacos. I knew this was a mix up because of the total bill, but I decided rather than trying to explain I just sucked it up.  (I tried one of the poppers, WAY TOO OVER FRIED.)Beyond all that, I tried Fausto's the other day on the suggestion of Yelp! and was disappointed. I'll stick with El Torito and take my chances.I'm being generous, because of how awesome the food was the first time. (try the carne asada!)
2	Omg.  I think you need to know the fellow diners in order to have a good experience.  They paid too much attention to us when we were there for dinner.  We felt like we were the new kids on the block.  Oh, the waitresses were talking about their latest relationship status.  So loud that by the end of the night, I knew which of the girls liked another girl.  Haha.  Crazy.
5	This place is definitely open. Not only that they have great food. The carnitas are perfect, very lean. Ground beef tacos also great. Carne azada tacos were not as good, a little chewy. Not much from the outside but clean on the inside and the food kept me coming back three times in one week.I checked some of the bad reviews. Some mentioned the salad was not that good. I don't know about you but I don't go to a Mexican restaurant because of the salad. So based on the main dishes I've had and the great salsa and thin chips I gave them 5 stars and continue to frequent El Torito Cafe.
4	From what I'm told this is the oldest restuarunt in Henderson and let me tell you what it looks like it , but the food was pretty good the Mexican meatball soup is a must. The meatball is full of flavor in a very tasty broth. Now I ordered the fajitas chicken and it tasted pretty good, I seen other peoples plates and they looked really good. When I'm back in Vegas I'll be back to El Torito to try some other things. This place is worth a chance for sure even though it looks like u might get robbed there.
5	The place is literally on the way out of to towards Boulder City and in the middle of nowhere . Great Mexican food, wonderful Salsa and a pretty good full bar. One of the best Mexican restaurants in town and it's family owned. I go there often and never had language problems there and wait staff has always been friendly and efficient .
4	Some super good authentic homemade Mexican food in Henderson, NV of all places!  This is no way related to the lousy restaurant chain, this places if family owned and operated.   Great sauces and salsas.  Excellent chile relleno and enchiladas.  Home-cooked style beans and rice.  Our service was great and my Dos Equis was cold.  My parents live near this place and frequent the place all the time.  Definitey a place I want to go each time I visit them...and it helps that its very close to their home.   Nothing fancy about the place inside or out, but ample seating and good prices go with the excellent food!
2	I recently went back to El Torito for lunch, I regret doing so. 1: Salsa: When you make your salsa daily you can expect to have the occasional batch that goes wrong. But what they put on the table looked like a can of Hunt's tomato sauce with maybe a couple of jalapenos put in at best. It was tomato paste with extra water and it's wrong to call it salsa.  2: They do know how to make real Pork Green Chile. That is the ONLY thing saving them from a 1 star review this time. 3: Way, WAY overpriced. An enchilada, a taco, standard beans and rice and a soft drink came out to $14. Yep, I double checked the receipt. I felt like I got fleeced.  At least the place is clean and the servers hustle, but you don't go here to stare at the walls or the server, you go to eat. And the food quality quite frankly isn't a good value anymore. Look elsewhere for your Mexican fix.
4	Good breakfast burrito!! Place is so close to my house. Very good authentic mexican. I will frequent this place again!! muy bueno
4	This place is is a long standing staple for Hendo folk.  I think a lot of the key here is knowing what is great on the menu to order.  Other reviews mention the Aboldegas soup - it is amazing.  But the rare treat at this place is the shredded beef burrito enchilada style with "hot" enchilada sauce on top.  To me that is the specialty and I have never had anything like it - I order it every time.  Service has always been good.
3	Was turned onto this place by a friend. When you walk in, you get this Truck Stop, dirty, dingy type of a feel. This has never scared me because most of the times, these places have the best food! (Check out Polaris Cafe behind the Rio All-Suites Hotel and Casino! Best breakfast!)Sat down and everything appears to be a tad old and run down. But, the service was pretty decent. You could tell these people aren't corporate, and I don't mind that at all. I ordered the veggie burrito, wet (with enchilada sauce) and half with hot sauce and the other half with regular. I like my food hot and this was HOT!!! At first I thought I wasn't going to be able to handle, but then I adapted. LIke I said, I like my food HOT!!The burrito tasted as if it were prepared by someone who knows Mexican food, and not by someone trained to cook and emulate it. My overall experience was that even thought it aint the prettiest or cleanest place, the food more than makes up for it. I say at least give it a shot and judge for yourself. Will I eat here again? As Dave Hester would say..."YUUUP!"
2	Yesterday, a bunch of us came to El Torito to cure our hangover.  As you go up Boulder Hwy, make sure you are paying attention, because you will miss this place if you don't.  Talk about a po-dunk humble establishment LOL.When I walked in, I felt like I wasn't in Vegas anymore.  This place reminded me of some truck stop diner you see on the movies.  We were told to just take a seat somewhere, so we took the booth in the back corner.  A lot of things in this place is dusty.  This place is old.  Dirty forks, long wait.  I mean REALLY long wait.  There were two servers and they seemed all over the place.  I got the #4 on the breakfast menu for about $8.00.  It was a hamburger patty, eggs, hash brown and toast.  The hamburger patty was so dry I had to smother ketchup on it.  The eggs were done over easy and helped bring some moisture to the burger patty.  The hashbrowns were nicely brown and crispy and the butter came with a side of toast.  SERIOUSLY, a lot of butter.  I could tell what the toast tasted like LOL.  The people I went with grew up in Vegas and old Henderson.  I understand this place must have been a familiar place to them growing up.  For me, I wasn't impressed at all.  I might be back to try some actual Mexican food, but believe me.  It's definitely NOT on my top priorities.
5	I literally book my plane flights home to Vegas to ensure I am able to make it to El Toretos. I now live in SD and there is nothing in the state that has come close to El Toretos. Greats staff, family owned for 40 plus years and the best food on the planet. THE BEST MEXICAN FOOD ON EARTH! No close second.
4	I'm hemmed and hawed about giving a 3 or 4 star. I'd probably do a 3.5 if I could but I thought they were at least good enough to round up and not down. I've been going to this place for many years. This is my family's favorite mexican restaurant in the area and they've been here for 20 years so when visiting we would wind up here at some point. I've been several times since I've moved back.This place probably is some of the better mexican that I've had in this city, which I find odd that there doesn't seem to be as many local mexican restaurants as one would think. I can attest to the great service every time I've been here. It seems like the same girl is always working and she is super friendly and everything comes out quickly. I always get a margherita when I go and I honestly think they have one of the best around. So many times it seems like they are all mix but here they give a heavy handed pour, which always makes me smile. They are huge, as well as, tasty. Heck, just writing this makes me want to go there after I go to the gym tonight.I've eaten several things here and always enjoyed the food. I wouldn't say that it was so great that I just crave it, but then again, I keep going back so it is pretty good. I've never had an overly greasy meal and get the impression that the place is fairly clean. The location is kinda remote, but at least there is plenty of parking and if all else fails you can go to the gun shop next door before or after.I love that this place is locally owned and operated! It's good to know that my meals have a more direct impact on the local economy. My final vote is go. If you want good food, friendly service, and tasty margheritas then El Torito Cafe is the place for you.
4	El Torito is a staple restaurant located in "Old" Henderson.  I remember my fiance, then boyfriend, and I would eat here back in High School, and we still try to make the long drive out every once in awhile to have some of the most authentic Mexican food available in this town.  In such a big city, places like this provide a small town feeling. My favorite item by far is the albondigas soup.  With a few crushed up tortilla chips, the soup is absolute perfection.  I am also a fan of their enchilladas (cheese, beef, chicken- any kind will do for me).  In addition, their horchata is great as well.  Not too sweet and not too watery!As far as service goes, it is typically good.  Last time we went, it was a bit slow and we noticed other tables that ordered after us were being served before we were.  But, it was really not a deal breaker because we love the food so much!
4	Where do I start...I was introduced to this place by my girlfriend upon my arrival in to LV in 2009.  The food is always hot and consistent.  It's a family owned restaurant with a small town feel.  This is by far our favorite Mexican restaurant in the area.  My favorite dish: Carnitas!!!
3	Decent food, spotty service. I recommend the combo plates. Delicious salsa! Not my favorite Mexican restaurant but convenient for those living in old Henderson.
5	Finally I made it through the doors and I found you can NOT judge a book by its cover, which I have done for the past 8 years.  This place was awesome.  I planned a retirement luncheon for my friend with 7 of us and they did such a great job taking my reservation to having the table set up already and offering excellent customer service.  Oh, you want to know about the food? lol.  The chips were very fresh and salsa had a great flavor.  6 of us had the taco salad  which was very good.  Only complaint is it didn't include any beans - but we got passed that.  My friend ordered a burrito and she ate the whole thing.  I noticed they have a party room in the back and the place was decorated very nicely.  I will go back again.
2	This restaurant borders on that precious fine line between "hole in the wall" and dump. The parking lot was atrocious - potholes, uneven pavement and rocks all over the place.  We decided to give it a try after locking our doors and taking all of our valuables out of the car. To our surprise, the manager (the young woman with the short hair) was welcoming and asked us to sit wherever we liked.  There was no host/hostess stand so the responsibility of seating fell on whoever was up front.  We sat near the restrooms -which was a mistake for several reasons. First, our party of 5 was around two uneven tables that were pushed together. The tables were missing paint, and had scratches throughout. In addition, the smell of urine from the bathrooms crept around the corner and hovered around us during our entire meal. On a positive note, the chips and salsa were very good. El Torito managed to limit the spice level (for those that can't handle the heat) but still deliver on flavor. However, the entrees that followed were not that great. I chose the Chile Verde dinner with rice and beans. The pork was shredded and was swimming in grease. The dish itself tasted OK--but the grease started overtaking my rice and beans. Speaking of rice, it was on point. There was no sign of vegetables in the rice, but it was fluffy and seasoned perfectly.  On the other hand, the beans were a mess. I have tasted better beans out of that Rosarita can.  Don't try and fool me by slopping cheddar cheese over the top-they were still horrible. My wife ordered the tacquitos. Ewwwwww!  I took a bit of that chicken tacquito and immediately spit it out.  Gross!  If the food was better, I would call Guy Fieri and let him know that I found a "dive" worth checking out.  However, I am leaning more toward shutting this eye sore down and heading the other way-into Las Vegas for authentic Mexican food.  BTW--they do not make their own tortillas here. That's just bad business. ....
5	One dark night, a few years back, my husband told me he was going to take me out for some incredible Mexican food. He drove me down Boulder Hwy to El Torito and I was scared. The parking lot leaves a lot to be desired and the restaurant has an old-town, vintage feel. BUT - once you walk in, it's crowded, friendly and casual! As soon as we ordered and I tasted the abondigas soup, I was sold!Fast forward, years later, we have small kids now and our family adores this restaurant. The hostess/manager (cannot think of her name but she rocks!) remembers her customers, even after 1 visit. Our two VERY picky daughters love coming here. Our 7 year old craves their rice and my 4 year old loves the bean and cheese burrito as well as the chips and salsa.The staff is always accommodating and friendly. I'm fairly certain that my kids have spilled drinks at least once per visit and they handle it like nothing happened.Their chicken is fresh and seasoned well. My husband always orders the fajitas and he loves them!On our last visit I decided to be very bad and order a chicken chimichanga covered in sauce. I'd been craving one so I gave in. I haven't stopped craving another one since that visit but I usually stick to healthier fare like fajitas. The enchiladas rock, the salsa isn't very spicy but the flavor is so good! Their fresh chips are a family fave!
4	Don't let the appearance of this place put you off.  You'll know what I mean if it's your first trip.  The exterior (and for that matter, the interior) looks like a combination truck stop / diner.  However, just walk in the front door and prepare for very friendly service and very good Mexican food in a very clean environment.  Very casual, you'll probably seat yourself.  Start off with chips and very good, fresh salsa.  Margaritas are tasty.  We always start with the albondigas soup.  Crumble some tortillas in it and you're set!   I like the ground beef taco and chili relleno combo plate (comes with beans and rice).  The carnitas enchilada is also good.   Service will fall over themselves to help you.  Sometimes on a Friday night you might have to wait just a few minutes.  It's popular, but they seem to turn tables quickly.   Lots of return customers.  The young lady in the front will greet repeaters.  It's a fun place, and the food here actually has some FLAVOR, as opposed to something like Lindo Michoacan, which in my opinion is just almost flavorless!
4	We hit El Torito on our way out of Vegas and, being Sunday morning, it was almost a relief to see the unassuming exterior as we could be assured that there would be no wait. We were correct and found ourselves promptly seated in a dated mexican food restaurant. Food was good, service was good, and prices were fair -- only ding is that they messed up Jenny's order (I suspect the server didn't ask for clarification when she was confused).Definitely a worthwhile stop if you have a half-day drive back to Arizona or California ahead of you.
4	LOVE THIS PLACE! it may be a little hole in the wall with tacky decor but its awesome. :)
2	Been here a few times now because it's very convenient to our house. I've tried both breakfast and lunch and really wasn't impressed at all with any of it.  The place is always packed for lunch and dinner, but I'm not really sure what the fuss is all about.The chips and salsa are just ok. Not very fresh tasting.  The sauces on the burritos and enchiladas taste like it's canned (or just old).  I've had much better for a lot less money.  The dishes are spendy and the portion sizes are small.On the good side, the service each time was great!
3	great for grubby mex food. No frills here tho..
4	My favorite hole in the wall Mexican spot! Best Mexican food since moving from Northern  California. All the meats are marinated well. And the sauces are fabulous. I would have given 5 stars but, the service is normally slow and they don't fully listen to what you ordered.
1	I read all the great reviews and decided to give it a try. I'm scratching my head at how people think the chips and salsa were amazing..Tasted like they opened it from a store bought bag. Now that I think of it, all of the food tasted like they pulled it out of the freezer. Could've gone to trader joes & bought some microwave mexican food that was just as good and saved $$
4	I'm not a huge Mexican fan really, I'm more Asian/Japanese fan myself but that's okay. I was happily surprised! This is the one and only place I found that I enjoy the "Shredded beef" I usually hate that shit because it taste weird, but here it was so flavorful like a soft beef jerky almost ; soo good! Lol  I came here with my friend Kenny as his going away dinner he is going to Elko for college so we went to see a movie and dinner.I got-Cheese enchilada- Cheesy it was okay, didn't know what to expect really. The red sauce was super flavorful.Beef chimichanga This is where the shredded beef comes in, everything about this damn thing was good the outside was nice and crispy, cheese and red sauce melted over it mm mmm mmm is all I can say about this! Kenny got -Pork chimichanga- he enjoyed it ate the whole damn thing, that little piggy!Nachos granda- We got it without guacamole, we got this to share and ate it all almost. It came with chips, ground beef, sour cream, tomatoes, cheese, jalapenos, and other stuff we got without like olives.Fries- He got fries to eat with everything and they were yummy nice and crispy.Desert - We got fried iceccream! They had frosted flakes on it wich where a little chewy but good! :3 The only downside to this place is I asked for no beans and rice, and they gave it to me anyway, it's okay next time I'll try to make it more clear. The thing I LOVE about this place is EVERYTHING is made fresh, nothing frozen.!
2	Went to this place since it was close to our house, but I wasn't all that impressed. Fine if you want simple Mexican food, but I've had much better for the value.
4	Anyone who knows me, knows Mexican food is like a second child to me. I just love it that much. Its rare I dislike a well cooked Mexican dish. Other than Lengua and intestines, I pretty much eat it all. I love hole in the wall spots such as this one, or fancy unique styles like Border Grill equally. EL Torito Cafe, welcome to my list of well loved mexican restaurants. My boyfriend talked of this place from his childhood that was almost to Boulder City way south on Boulder Highway. He figured it wasn't still there but we are the type of people to drive out there and find out. His very much astonished face answered my question if this was the same place. My go to dish always has and will be cheese enchiladas and albondigas soup. Ok the soup. Very different from what I expect albondigas to be. Its just broth, and rice filled meatballs. Where's the onions? Zucchini? Carrots? Potatoes? And all the cool garnishes like cilantro and red peppers?!Although this broth and meatballs indeed was delicious, I could only imagine the potential with veggies. Now on to the best freakin cheese enchiladas ever devoured through this mouth!! I don't know that I will ever order anything else. My boyfriends wet chimichanga looked desiring but still. All I can think about ever, are these enchiladas. You have the option of ordering the spicy. (WHY DOESN'T EVERYWHERE HAVE THIS OPTION??) And the cheese inside is melted and high quality. Not like that get stuck in your throat cuz its half melted and too cheesy type. The customer service is great, regardless if the waitresses only know enough english to take your order. They work hard, and do a better job then most. They are closed Mondays. And it gets busy during lunch hour. You may get addicted. You've been warned.
5	We came here on a Friday night and ordered 1. Fries and fried chicken wings, 82. Chimichunga meal - shredded beef, 113. Enchilada meal - carnitas and cheese, 12.25for $8 (used the $15 Groupon valued at $30) - Sort of next to WildFire Casino. In a desolate area by itself. Authentic feel. haha. - Free chips and salsa. warm, fresh and crispy chips. Generous servings.- All food served blazing hot. Seriously, be careful not to touch the plate. - Fries and fried chicken were nothing special, taste like any other cheap HH restuarant. Ask for the sauce on the side rather than on the fried chicken. Just had a craving for Fried chicken wings. - Chimi was delicious! Deep fried, very crispy! Best tasting chimi I've had thus far. It came with guacamole and sour creme that made it extra flavorful. High recommendation. - Enchilada was amazing. The presentation was something I haven't seen before. It had a Fried egg on top. They made it over-medium, which is good, bc even at breakfast restaurants, they have difficulty or just lazy to make an over-medium. - Generous servings of meat! - Carnitas seemed juicier than the shredded beef- I always go to a mexican restaurant and ask for all rice, no bean. Maybe it's the Asian in me. haha. Great tasting rice though. - Friendly service. Tues/Thurs they have AYCE Tacos for 9.99 1-4pm, soft or hard taco, any meat except fish. Sounds like a deal to me :)
3	The food is great but very pricey and every time they get super busy the service is affected in a negative way.
2	We were there for an hour before we got our food and when we did it came out burnt.   Food is way over priced and service is horrible!
4	Best enchiladas around!  Always consistent , good food and service have been going here for years.love the salsa.
4	My husband and his bestfriend who happens to be my bro in law (he married my sister lol) ALWAYS raved about el Toritos. They've been going there since high school. We finally went, the food was good!!  The smothered pork burrito w green sauce was SO good and huge!! Can't wait to go again!! :-)
2	My family and I came here years ago and it was the best Mexican retstraunt in town by a mile. Over the years the service has declined IMMENSLEY! Not just a service. The food is nothing what it used to be. Now it's just a dive Mexican restraunt using canned enchilada sauce and canned retried beans. Everything used to be homemade, definitely isn't anymore.
2	I live near El Torito and I have given it a chance again last night with my daughter. I've been here about 3-4 times. And each time the food is not impressive at all. I am really confused how anyone could rate it 5 stars. Very very dry chicken every visit. Food defiantly does not taste homemade at all. It's edible, but not fresh. The only reason I like this place is it's small mom and pop type feel...the people who work there are super nice, service is always pleasant. However, food is just not enough for me to go back again, unfortunately. Our stomachs were not feeling good after this either.
5	I love this place. Grew up going here. Read some of the reviews that people leave. I will always go back and enjoy my meals here. People seem to have a bad day so they leave nasty comments. Get a life. Still better than cooking for yourself.
3	I'm giving it 3 stars for nostalgic reasons only as I used to come here in high school (90s) and remember it being awesome... but if I had not come here in my youth I'd probably only give it 1 star.  I took my family here recently. Service was great and fast, but the food was just ok for being so pricey. I will not go back again :P
1	This place is horrible....everything from the decor to the service. I've been twice, both in 2011. I can't remember what I had the first time (that says a lot in its self). The second time, I had a chicken enchilada & beef taco combo. The food is so bland it's ridiculous, otherwise it tastes like dog food. This place is hideous...the funny thing is both times I went with my friend & his family and they love it. I can only guess the family has no taste buds or has NEVER had Mexican food before.
4	I'd say the food was 3 stars, but the service bumps it up to 4 stars.  We had lunch at El Torito on a Thursday after reading about it (and passing it on Boulder Highway) for a few years.  I finally bought the Groupon (which is available frequently), and was glad I did.I found the joint to be very clean.  We were seated immediately and drink orders were immediately taken.  Additionally, the chips (warm) and the salsa (thin, but flavorful and had a little heat) were brought out very quickly.  To eat, my wife had the cheese enchiladas.  I don't know how to describe these other than simple but REALLY good.  Cheesy, great sauce.  They were simple but good, I don't know how else to say it.  I'd definitely order these again.I had the chicken chimichanga.  I was not as pleased with my dish, thus the 3 stars for the food.  It was dry in the interior of the chimichanga.  I did love the rice and beans, perhaps the best Mexican/Spanish rice I've had a Mexican restaurant like this.My son had the cheese quesadilla (which they call a cheese crisp) and French fries.  He liked both, but didn't finish either, which is par for the course since he's 3.  They were very understanding of us having a small child, they brought him an extra set of silverware and watered down his apple juice, as we requested.  I'll definitely return, it's an old school place with simple, but good food.  I will say I like won't get the chicken chimichanga again, I think I'll definitely get some enchiladas next time.
1	Never again.  We have heard a few people mention this place and thought "hey, this one of those run-down places that makes up for it with incredible food." Nope, it's just dingy.  The food is very average.  For example, my fajitas had not one single red pepper.  Very basic meat, onions, green peppers. We both got fajitas and yet the bill for two of us with no drinks came to $30!  No atmosphere at all.  The staff was fine, but she charged us for a substitution that should have been free (shredded lettuce instead of rice, beans and tortillas).  Anyway, even though we live close we'll never go back there.
3	Great food except for the chips.  Kind of disappointed as that is one of those cravings you want satisfied when you eat Mexican.  Service ok, not great.
1	The servers are very sweet but the food is not great and certainly not worth the price. My man and I have tried this place several times (not many food options in this area) and the food never lives up to what people have said about this place. The chips always taste burnt/stale which leads me to think that the oil is old. The burritos are big but the meat or beans inside have little flavor- again tasting like the food is old. I have never dined in but the decor looks old, tired, cheap and neglected. For 4 dinner entrees and chips, the takeout bill came to $60. I'm gonna need better quality for that high price.
5	Good food.  Wait staff was super friendly and funny.  Good variety on the menu.  We went on a Saturday night and had to wait a few minutes before being seated, but we quickly understood why they were busy.  We will definitely go back!
5	Expected a lot less upon entering here but looks can be deceiving, it was great! We were seated immediately although the place was packed we got lucky and did not have to wait. Staff was quick and helpful. During the meal(other restaurants should take note) the staff, all of them asked how we were doing and if we needed anything. They kept our drinks (water) full and we never once had to search put our server to get more of anything. I see a few bad reviews here citing bad service and have to think they have never been to any other restaurants in Vegas because this service was the best we have ever had. The food is "old" school Mexican food made with the same recipes handed down for three generations. This place has been here for over 40 years, they are doing something right.
5	My family and friends love this place! Great prices and great food. I love the enchiladas and my husband loves the burritos there. They are fast and friendly. It's off the beaten path but well worth seeking it out. Some of the best reasonably priced Mexican food on town!
1	Horrible. We have eaten there for years and it has just gotten progressively worse. They have no air conditioning, service is sub standard, food is inconsistent, and the prices don't reflect the quality or portions.  We just don't go there anymore. It's sad.
5	Our family has been going to El Torito Cafe since 2000.  What's better than a family owned/operated restaurant?  Nothing, in my humble opinion!  We have enjoyed every single meal, never once leaving unsatisfied.  The food is authentic, mouth-watering, and tastes so much better since it's cooked with such love and pride.  I love the fact that I know what I'll be getting each time I order, as the quality of coking is consistent.   Here's a biggy - I hate leftovers, can't stand them, but I never ignore the Styrofoam box in my fridge from El Torito... No way, that baby gets reheated the next day without hesitation. *grin - slurp*Customer service is outstanding.  The staff are always smiling and genuinely friendly.  Food to price ratio is on target.  Ambiance is perfect; clean, music not too loud, vibrant murals, and Mexican decor galore.What the heck are you waiting for?  If you're in the mood for authentic Mexican food, go to El Torito Cafe on Boulder Highway.  I highly recommend the green chille pork enchiladas; they've got a bit of spicy kick to them and are so satisfying!  Oh yeah, trust them when they deliver your food and tell you, "Hot plate."  :)
3	Doesn't look like much, but good food! Enchilada's Ranchero's were really good. My Son had green chili with pork enchiladas and they were very good.
4	It would be a "5" if the Chef had not fried my chimichanga too long. Taste was still great, excellent white meat chicken-smothered in red sauce. Rice some of the best I've ever had and beans were tasty as well. My wife had green pork burrito and it was fantastic. We'll definitely be going back.
5	The food was authentic, fairly priced & outstanding! Portion sizes are WOW! They offer menu items that aren't Mexican food...burgers, chicken fingers, grilled cheese so the kids were all happy too! The wait staff were all very polite & attentive & worked well as a team for our table of 4 adults & 11 kids 11 & under!! Most places balk when you walk in the door with that many people, let alone over double the children to the adults but they were happy to rearrange tables to accommodate us & make us welcome. Everyone enjoyed their meals & ate well. I had the chili verde, it was tender & juicy & had a nice kick for the level of spice! Perfect! The guacamole was the only thing that wasn't perfect, just avocados mashed up, but their salsa was delicious so it wasn't hard to doctor it up. Out of the way of Boulder Hwy but so worth the drive!
2	Good food & service but there are flies flying all over the place, totally gross if you ask me.
4	We tried it for the first time today and we LOVED IT! My husband got a burrito and I got the enchiladas they were amazing!  Definitely recommend and we will be back!!! :) they even have a kids menu which is rare for some cafes!
2	Decided to try El Torito Cafe for the first time tonight because of the reviews. Here we go:Margaritas are strong. Albondigas soup was great. The Chips are broken up store bought Tostada Shells and the House Salsa was kinda bland in flavor with a little spice. I had the Carnitas Plate which was extremely dry but tasty. My wife had (1) Soft Carnitas Taco (which was also dry) and (1) Hard Shell Carne Taco which she said was just OK. My Daughter had the A La Carte Taquitos which she thought were delicious.  If you do end up here, ask for the "other" Salsa, much better than the regular one. BTW, the Address is 2126 S Boulder Hwy, Henderson, NV 89002.
5	The ONLY place you should order mexican food from!! An amazing company ran by and amazing family! ABSOLUTELY AMAZING FOOD
4	4 Stars for an overall satisfying experience including the best Chile Relleno I've ever had. El Torito uses pasilla peppers, which are dark green, and havarti cheese. Damn good!  The green chile is very popular here, and we all enjoyed our margaritas. The tortilla chips were a little disappointing, but 19 of us had dinner together, and everyone enjoyed it. This family run restaurant has thrived for 39 years - it was packed when we were there. It's easy to see why El Torito attracts a loyal crowd of locals. I'll definietly go back.
3	The salsa is excellent.  The rest was mediocre to poor.  I would not return.
4	Who knew????  Seriously, the best little hole in the wall Mexican restaurant I've come across in a long, long time. Full disclosure, there's nothing fancy, sophisticated or swank here. But man oh man, the food is superb. They offer the obligatory chips and salsa. The chips are run of the mill but the salsa is good. It's simple and will satisfy all levels of spicy tolerance - a hint of heat but not scorching. My dining companions each ordered a chimichanga, one had chicken, the other carnitas. To be honest, neither of them were all that impressed with the chimis but I had so much food that I shared with them. On future visits (and there will be plenty), they now know what to get. I got the 2 combination plate with a chili rellano and a green chili pork enchilada. The rellano was outstanding - cheesy, slightly spicy, with just the right amount of breading. I got it wet with a red sauce and it was perfect. They offer it dry but the red sauce was so good I don't think I'd want it any other way. The green chili pork enchilada was amazing - perfectly cooked pork, not dry at all, just the right amount of cheese, the top smothered with cheese - but not too much. The rice and beans were typical - nothing to write home about but not bad, either. We got a fried ice cream to share and it was good - I've had better but I definitely didn't turn my spoon away from it, either. As far as customer service, the bussers, servers, food runners and cashiers were all very helpful and friendly. We didn't wait long for our food and anything we asked for was given to us promptly. We were there at 7pm on a Friday night and it was pretty busy. The dining room is fairly small - maybe around 15 tables and booths so it's not a stretch to say that you may have to wait for a table - but we got sat right away and didn't notice anyone that had to wait. Only thing that was annoying was that they don't take American Express - good thing I had cash. Bottom line, if you're looking for a Mexican  restaurant with great food and service, this is a good bet. If you're looking for something hip, trendy and snobby, go elsewhere. We won't miss you!
