1	Never again.I brought my children here while we were visiting Montreal for American Thanksgiving.  The food was okay - my older child loved her chicken marsala, but the younger one was not thrilled with her fettucine alfredo, and my veal in mustard sauce was less than stellar.The problem was the service.  The waiter kept speaking to my children in French, even though I had told him at the beginning of the meal that they don't speak the language.  After being gone from the city for 17 years, my French was passable, and I could understand what he said, but it's incredibly rude to address patrons continually in a language they don't understand, when you have been told as much and you speak their language.  It took nearly half an hour for the waiter to take our orders, another 45 minutes to get our food, and we never received the bruschetta we ordered as an appetizer.  And adding insult to injury, we were charged for my children's refills on soda.  The restaurant should absorb the cost of such things, considering it cost less than a quarter and they charged $2.50 per.  I would give this place zero stars if I could.
1	The worst Italian food ever known to mankind.I knew we were in trouble when we walked in and it felt like we were in Brighton Beach! Think neon lights and a dance floor. Yeah... oh I felt the dread seeping in when we sat down.All I really wanted was pasta with bolognese sauce. And didn't see it on the menu. When I asked if I would be able to get one of their menu items made without cream, the waiter informed me that the sauce was "premade" and so was unable to make it without cream. Ummmmmmmmmm - so, there weren't any fresh ingredients to just make me a tomato sauce with meat?? I placed my order (just linguine with tomato sauce), crossed my fingers, and hoped for the best.And... the worst Italian food in history arrived.The gnocchi (that my friends ordered) were chewy. They tasted like a lean cuisine meal that had just been microwaved. So did the tortellini. My spaghetti had a crunch to it... it was barely cooked! And yes, they gave me spaghetti instead of the linguine I had asked for. All of the pasta dishes were either crunchy or excessively chewy. And pasta really isn't that hard to make! We were starving and so just kept asking for refills of the bread basket. But the dishes were... awful. Seriously the worst meal I've ever had.Please, save yourself the trouble and don't set foot in here!
2	A group of 8 on a Saturday night.  Where shall we have dinner.  We decided on this place because it seemed like there would be something to please every taste.  You typically can't go wrong with Italian, right?First, I felt bad that in order to accommodate our large group, they asked a couple other diners to move tables.  I've been on the other end of that and its not a fun feeling.  Secondly, the waiter didn't move around the table to take everyone's orders meaning those at the end (including me) had to yell our order out over everyone's heads.  And we were on the outside patio so you can imagine how noisy it might have been.  This also may have been one of the reasons that about 1/2 of the orders came out incorrect and for one of our group, not at all.I ordered spaghetti carbonara which did come out correctly but it wasn't the greatest.  It wasn't creamy but dry and it didn't have the greatest taste, but I did have some wine to wash it down =)  Several in our group didn't like their food at all.
1	Plywood now covers the door.No more canned sauce.The world is a better place.
