5	Wow, so I went here a few weeks ago and was really impressed.  This is the closest cafe to Bloomfield that I can get work done at--Crazy Mocha is wonderful but they always play the radio and it drives me insane if I'm not wearing headphones, which I never am because that's just asking to isolate yourself.  Cats and Dogs, however, is very pleasant, it's the exact same pricewise as Crazy Mocha, and it's quieter but still just as friendly.  I'm not sure if just one dude runs the place but he's super nice and makes good drinks.  The coffee is good, maybe among the best in town.  There are a lot of community events here as well and you can book their back room, I think.  Anyway, the flier wall indicated that there was a lot going on, though it was rather quiet the couple times I was there.  I'm going to be coming back here frequently.
4	This may not be my favorite place to get Chai Tea Lattes (I prefer my chais powdered) but the staff (the guy with the beard) and the selection of teas is amazing! Its closer to my house than Crazy Mocha is and I enjoyed my visit. Plus there is free wifi!
5	I love this place because the owners are so awesome. They're called Mr. Cat and Mr. Dog, and they get to know pretty much everyone who comes in. They're warm and fun to talk to, and they introduce me to others there as well. I love the welcoming atmosphere. Oh, and the coffee tastes great to me, but I'm no expert.
5	So I moved to Pittsburgh 18 days ago, and I am here to admit, I have a serious caffeine addiction. What's more, I have a caffeine addiction and I'm wicked lazy. I've had espresso machines before, I never used them. I have a french press (which I use for brunch) but mostly it collects dust in my cabinet. So I've been here 18 days and probably 10 (probably more than 10) have been spent with Mr. Cat and Mr. Dog and an iced coffee with a shot of espresso. Why? because I'm lazy (true). Because their iced coffee with a shot of espresso is precisely how I like my coffee? (true) Because they are great guys? (true) because their shop is cute? (true) because it feels like an extension of my kitchen that exclusively makes coffee. Yes. It is all of those things and more. Their shop is the perfect place to just grab a cuppa and hang out, or grab it to go, and it seems highly likely that they will be part of my daily routine.Mr. Cat and Mr. Dog have gone above and beyond to make me feel completely welcome in the neighborhood and in their shop and have really added to the joy that has been my first few weeks in Pittsburgh. I am very glad they are my neighborhood coffee shop.
