4	I'm a total sucker for Sonic. I know I know. Fast food is fast food, and it's never "good" or "healthy." Fine. But if you're going to drive thru, drive thru here. The thousand island burger is tough to beat and the specialty drinks are also hard to come by. For example, where else in town are you going to find a cherry-limeade? At 1 in the morning? It even occassionally passes the girlfriend test as she gets cravings for Sonic grilled cheese. You can substitute tater tots for fries free of charge and let those greasy little golden nuggets soak up the booze from a long night of drinkin. Shakes are bomb, desserts are money, and everything is cheap. Ladies and gentlemen, let me introduce you to Jake's Guilty Pleasure #1: Sonic Drive-In.
4	Stressed and having a bad day in general this Sonic was like a neon sign flashing.  Comfort food!  Ice Cream!  Drive Through!15 minutes later I've finished off that heavenly soft and buttery grilled cheese sandwich and I'm taking a sip of their new Banana pudding shake. (The Chocolate Peanut Butter had been planned, but this was even better.)  Yea, yea. It's not healthy.  It's not even close to healthy (unless I was seriously dairy deficient).  But ya know what?  On a day today that stinking Lean Cuisine wasn't going to do it.  The dude at the window didn't even make eye contact. He gets 2 stars.  But the girls on skates seemed fairly happy even though it was already getting pretty warm.  As a general rule, their burgers are pretty good - but their Coney's are the best.  It's trash food, but it's a level of "comfort" trash food that you're just not going to get at Jack in the Box.
4	I go frequently because every day, from 2-4pm, 44 oz. strawberry limeades are on "happy hour". But more importantly, chunks of more or less real strawberries come up the straw into your mouth. There are also real limes down in your gargantuan tankard of ice crunch and sweet sweet nectar. For a dollar. Sometimes I get something big and fried at Sonic and it makes me feel a little gross, but on the whole their food is great if you can handle its intensity of flavor. I should note that I have a very fond memory of eating bacon cheeseburgers (and the aforementioned strawberry limeades) there after a hard day's work, but that could have been the heat and poverty of the Tennessee county in which I was day laboring, or my avid youth, or the sheer novelty of my new southern surroundings. I do stick more to drinks and desserts if I go here though.Total Americana - there's a lot of junk to pick through, but you can make your personal choice for something special. I chose limeade.
5	If you're from the Chicago area, you'll be glad to finally see a Sonic and not just see the commercial for it!  I just HAD to go when I moved here, and it's so worth it.  I haven't tried any food, but the slushes are the best because they're so fresh AND refreshing.  They put whole chunks of fruit in them (what fast food place does that?), and if you go between 2-4PM any day, the drinks are all half off.  Drive-thru and drink up!
4	I was a little apprehensive returning to another Sonic after some really bad experiences at locations in California but eating here made me a believer again. Needless to say I've been back twice since the original visit and its starting to show.
4	This will always be my fav Sonic ! I go to the ones out here and Idk it doesnt feel the same ! But i miss it ! Hopefully Ill get to visit soon ! Great for those late night cravers !
3	Good for a late night stop or a snack. Their grilled cheese is pretty good considering it's fast food. I've gotten fries and onion rings one or two times though and they tasted really weird...like an unusually strong oil flavor. I think it tasted like they maybe hadn't changed their oil out in awhile...yummy. Not. Haha. They have the little pellet style ice which is great of course. Overall, okay fast food. I don't think it's any better than getting other fast food though.
4	Food isn't great except for the tots... the tots are delicious. I also really like the $1 mini candy deserts. It's just the right size and so yummy! But ultimately, the 4 stars are for the drinks. Cherry and strawberry limeades, watermelon slushy.. the possibilities are endless. This place is a nice treat when the weather gets warm!
4	Love the food and drinks here and the staff is super friendly, but the drive-through wait can be REALLY slow. We've been going here regularly for about 10 months since we moved to the area and about 6 months ago, started noticing the long waits at the drive-through. We went a few weeks ago close to midnight and were told that their computers were acting up, so they were taking orders at the window. There was one car ahead of us at the window. Twenty-five minutes later and we were STILL waiting behind the other car. This is NOT fast food and all we wanted were a couple drinks. We ended up leaving and going somewhere else - haven't returned since. Really disappointing as we like this place for all other reasons.
3	For fast food it,s classic,down to the tater tots ans grilled cheese,come on,and that cherry limeade section,so gooood.but I just had the new fully loaded blazing jalepeno burgers,cup.overload with spice and not hot flavor,and drowned in some kind of bbg hot sauce introduced with a small patty that they tried to upsale me a double patty,but other than that get dog fool and some cheese tots duh
4	Taters tots are always good,ole tyme comfort food with ketchup.the new hot dogs.the club,and the onion and bbq.not so great.to much extras on it,the dogs are good,i would rather go to teds for that,but still good.a grilled cheese and tots night with cherry limeade is always good,never fail.makes a fat kid cry with joy,a pure maouthgasm
3	Sonic in general serves up a pretty tasty diet cherry limeade and some indulgent milkshakes that allow you to mix several flavors in, such as strawberry chocolate or banana pineapple.  They have happy hour from 2-4 P.M. each day on their drinks (such as limeades) and slushes.  They have gotten rid of a lot of their chicken options though, which saddened me as I was a fan of their chicken club toaster.  This Sonic location might have some problems with their microphone at the drive through, because our orders seem to get confused more often than at other fast food places.
5	The food's OK (corn dogs, tater-tots, chili cheese coney), but where they really shine is in the drink department - the most important in the Valley of the Sun.My favorites are:cherry lime slush, strawberry limeade, ocean water and blue coconut slush (same as the ocean water, just in slush form).If you go during happy hour (2-4) you can get half price drinks! What's not to love?
1	Every time I've been there they have messed up my order in some way. The first time I ordered a sonic blast w Carmel. They charged me for Carmel but there was none in it plus the bottom of the cup was busted and my ice cream was leaking out. The next I went I ordered a reese sonic blast and a snickers, they were both snickers. Very upset I haven't been back and I love that place.
1	...bottom line, i hate this place. slimey brown lettuce, over riped and mashy tomatoes. they never get your order right, even the tots suck here. close this place down soon. i'm never going back
1	They really need to get a better drive-through speaker.  I had to repeat my order 5 times after waiting several minutes to even get someone to take my order.  When I went to the window, my order was still wrong, which was then fixed.  I got home, to discover that even with the correction at the window, they gave me the wrong shake.  I've had problems ordering from this drive-through almost every single time I've been here, but this was the last straw.  Never planning on ordering from here again.
4	when it's 2:30 in america and the last bastions of late night solice abandon you where do you go? Well you go to Sonic'sAnd late night the chili cheese tots and value menu is on pointSo much so you barely  remember the crusaders of the dark who serve your meals with a friendly hello and delivery of your high carb goodnessDAYUM IS IT GOOD at 2:30~
3	I love Sonic's amazing selection of drinks, slushes, shakes, malts, and pretty much and variation of beverage.  Usually the speedy service is also a plus when it comes to picking up some quality fast food.  However, I was there the other night and chose the drive-thru (versus parking and ordering), and wound up sitting in line for over ten minutes before I opted to get out of line and just park.  Two different cars ahead of me either had massive orders, indecisive drivers, or incompetent order-takers.  It could have been all three, but it was the longest wait I've ever experience, with no one attempting to move it along any quicker.I will note, however, that the strawberry slush I eventually brought home was refreshing and amazing.
3	Went through the drive through for some breakfast. First thing I was greeted with was a very unfriendly staff, not even hello. The young lady never even smiled! Seems like she just hates her job, or me. Anyways, I ordered 2 breakfast burritos, one with no cheese. The speed of gettin the food was good and they got my order correct, which surprised me cause they have always gotten it wrong. The burritos Tasted ok, not highly recommended.
2	Me and my wife came when there was almost no one at this location. We ordered tots and medium hot fudge shakes. They brought us hot fudge sundaes. Then after we got our food they came back out and asked us to re-park our car in the empty parking lot because we pulled in backwards. We will not be returning to this poorly managed Sonic.
3	Volunteered for a local non-profit in this area years ago, and frequently stopped here on my way in . . . For drinks, that is!When it comes to refreshing summer concoctions on the cheap, Sonic is hard to beat. I love the Diet Cherry Limeades and the Lemon Berry Slush! Not a fan of Sonic's grub; the mystery meat burgers are pretty sketch. But the Mozzarella Sticks aren't bad!  Everyone here was very friendly. Great service too.
1	Wow.... where do I start? Well about a week ago I ordered a burger and a side, I received the wrong burger and the wrong side, but I had already rode my bike home. So I called the manager on duty, lets call him "T". He was SUPER kind and wrote me down for a comp the next time I came in which was tonight. I came all the way from phoenix but wanted to claim my free meal on the way home so I stopped in. It took them 15 MIN to bring out my comp order, but it was wrong again because they didn't read the order back to me to verify (and they never have). So I told the carhop and it took another ten minutes to get the correct burger out to me. By this time, my side item was cold. I had every intention of tipping the carhop even though I was claiming a free order. But she was so distant and lacked people skills and didn't remember the things I requested and didn't look me in the eyes, plus my order was wrong a third time. By the time I rode home, my food was cold (I even had it in a warm environment for the whole journey) and there was little to no condiments on my burger! Who wants a dry burger? Not this guy.All I can say, is the night manager on duty every time I go there looks like a punk (hood always covering his face, and I sound old for saying that, but I'm a 25 year old punk rocker myself, haha) and the kitchen seems to be stoned because I witnessed 3 inaccurate orders while I was trying to claim mine. My main complaint is that I worked at Sonic for over 2 years, and this kind of behavior at my locations would've gotten me fired. I've returned to the restaurant business since then and my philosophy is STILL to treat the customer how you would like to be treated. What's so hard about that?! Yeah, it's fast food. Yeah, they get paid minimum wage. But if you cant even follow your recipes, common sense, and core values, you don't deserve to have the job. There's many people out of work who would kill to have a job, even at Sonic.It's sad because this location is RIGHT by my house and it's good for a quick, cheap meal, but I will not be returning. This is absolutely the WORST Sonic experience I've ever had and it's the worst Sonic I've been to. What a shame, too, because it's in such a nice area. Maybe it's just the night crew since that's the time I usually visit, but all I know is this location needs a revamping of values and employees.
1	My fiance and I arrived roughly around 1020 and ended up leaving at 1105 without our order. No one bothered to check up on us and I was too pissed off after waiting more than 40 minutes to even dare ask. The car that arrived at 1055 got their order within 10 minutes and that's what pissed us off the most.  I have a feeling the kid never registered our order to begin with as it doesn't take 40 minutes to at least make a shake.
5	Went here today with a gift card. It wouldn't work in the card reader at the drive up spot, so I asked the server to help. I had just got the card so I knew there was money on it. They ended up having the manager come out, but no one could get it to work. They ended up paying for the whole meal, which I really appreciated because I really only dropped by because I had the card.Is this a 5 star resteraunt, no, but the service was outstanding and the food was good for being fast food. I really like their shakes (hoping the do 1/2 off shakes again this summer) & happy hour drinks (especially the strawberry limeade)!
1	I would give zero stars if I could. After waiting in the drive-through for half an hour they told us they cannot take credit cards.
4	Really friendly and great food as always. However, they need a new speaker system in drive through because I always have to drive to window to order.
5	They never get my order wrong, although every once in a while they will put extra food I didn't ask for into my box :) Always love free stuff. Excellent chicken, coneys, slushes, and extra-thick malts just like I like 'em. What needs to be hot is hot, and what needs to be cold is cold. Fast service and they always double-check my order at the window. Very polite.
