4	Great little place. Drinks are a little pricey, but the bartenders are really fun to watch and the atmosphere is really great. We had alot of fun there.
4	Great little bar inside the new Margaritaville casino at the Flamingo.  Bartenders are cooler than your average drink slinger, mixing in some flair with lots of humor.  We had a good time just hanging out and enjoying frozen concoctions.
5	5 O'Clock Somewhere in Vegas is a must see, the bartenders are a blast to watchand strive to put on a show. Drinks are very good and made with style; if you have notseen a waterfall created your missing a real treat. Rock on Vlad, Sushi and Billy.From the "Green Mts." thanks.
3	only ordered their headliner cocktail (the 5 O'Clock Somewhere drink) on the go as I strolled the strip.  Bartender put on a show making it and it tasted good (nothing spectacular) but I felt no way worth the high price.
5	Such a great and fun environment for anyone who's on the Vegas strip! The bartenders are so entertaining and even though the bar gets pretty crowded, they are able to manage the crowd & tend to everyone. Every staff person is awesome!! Such a good time here!
5	Jimmy Buffet music...friendly bartenders ready to give you a cocktailesque show and drink concoctions that magically transport you from the noisy, crowded strip to some sandy beach with crystal clear turquoise waters reminiscent of the Caribbean. Who wouldn't love this bar? This is has become one of the favs of the combo each trip to Vegas. Some recommendations? Hurricane and Incommunicado. You're welcome.
4	Nice little bar we stopped at our last day in Vegas. Great Margarita's, Talented  Bartender's and very wheelchair friendly set up! Wish we would've found this bar earlier on our vacation.  It was one of the few highlights of staying at the Flamingo.
5	Love this place I always hang out here when I'm in Vegas
3	Great drinks. Nice place to sit and people watch lol you get more for your money.
4	Great bar... We went there after checking out the Corner Bar so things could only go up from there really!5 O'clock is cool. It's got a great atmosphere, the bartenders were really nice and they have seating outside overlooking the strip as well so perfect for hanging out over drinks. We had a great time there.. It's worth checking out..
4	5 O'clock SomewhereLas Vegas Strip, NV4pm Monday 5th August 2013Four StarsIt was Sara's First trip to Vegas on 100+ degree day which meant we needed a ridiculous 45 ounce souvenir cup complete with flashing Las Vegas Sign filled with Hurricane Mix for $36.75.  The bartender Phillip did some flare tricks which was great for a Monday afternoon.
4	Great bar! Open late, cool vibe and delicious drinks! Went there at 2am and it just happened to be happy hour so the drinks were $5! My drink was nice and strong and the bar tender did all sorts of cool flare tricks like throwing and catching bottles! Definitely a fun place to check out in Vegas!
4	Went here over this past weekend, and found the price for drinks were less than other places nearby.  Also, there is a place to sit outside on the strip and people watch.  Never a dull moment in Vegas.
3	My friend and I stayed at the Flamingo; after walking around we went to this bar around 3am and found out it was happy hour! I don't remember exactly what the prices were, but we got some very cheap margaritas and domestic beer. Pretty standard drinks... nothing fancy but will get the job done.The small bar is adjacent to the outdoor patio on the strip as well as the casino inside, which was pretty cool. Our bartender was pretty funny, kind of a little too flirty with us but I guess its all part of the fun haha. We got to meet some fun people who didn't want to end the night as well. Overall, a cool casual bar at the Flamingo with a pretty good late late night happy hour.
3	The drinks were expensive - should have watched the fancy pouring job straight out of cocktail better. You pay for the name. We did found seats outside and that was worth the price - great people watching! And always great music....
4	I really liked this bar. Came here on a quiet Saturday. The bartender was engaging and even did flair tricks for my vanilla stoli & soda. Average price for a drink in Vegas. It was a nice place to sit and chat. Not sure if it's always this quite, but it was a nice change of pace.
4	Wow, no matter where we ended up in Vegas we somehow ended up here. The perfect margarita is truly that! Ask for Kevin, he knows how to get you drunk.
4	We get our first and this year second drink here on our yearly trip to Las Vegas. Order up an incommunicado, grab a seat on the bar overlooking the side walk and people watch. You are inches from the pedestrians on the strip.
3	When the temperature is still hovering in the 90s when you arrive in Vegas after midnight, a refreshing, cold drink is more than welcome, especially at a decent place like this.I didn't feel like venturing too far from my hotel, but was glad I walked the couple of blocks down to here within the Margaritaville Casino. First off, the bartender definitely had the "wow" flair factor going with his precise bottle spinning and cup tossing. Normally I would find that a bit cheesy, but I have to admit, he was accurate, impressive and personable.I ordered their signature, yet strong 5 O'Clock Somewhere boat drink (151 rum), which definitely countered the fatigue and jet lag of getting into town from the East Coast. I also tried the "Zombie," another fruity and strong concoction that was also delicious. Of course they were not cheap, but then again, nothing is in this town.Overall, not too shabby for my first stop along the Strip. 3.5 Stars.
5	Billy is by far one of the best bartenders I have ever had the pleasure of meeting. He made my birthday one of the most memorable ones. Everytime I come to Vegas Margaritaville 5 o'clock somewhere is always my 1st stop! Love this place!!!
5	Awesome place to hang out. The location is great for "people watching" on the strip if you sit on the deck. Billy, Vlad & Kevin are amazing bartenders & very entertaining too. They keep everyone served quickly. Great place to have a fun time!
5	You can't just have one drink here. The bartenders are awesome.  The location is the best on the strip.  Drinks are amazing. It's the type of spot where you know your going to have an amazing time.
5	I went here January 2013 and since I am going back next week for my boyfriend's 21st birthday I was thinking back on all the places in Vegas I went and what will be the best place to make his trip AMAZING.This was the first place I remembered and BY FAR the best! I stumbled in at 3:30am because I was attracted to the name and fun decorations and it turned out to be happy hour some of the best fun I had all weekend. Our bartender went to the world championships of bartending and won first place (whether he was lying or not he was still amazing and had 5 times more tricks than any flare bartenders I have ever seen). I agree with Freddy O, my favorite bar.People were buying each other shots, laughing, the bartender hooked up the free shots, the music was perfect, and I did not want to leave. but the sun rose aaaaand it was time to go back to the hotel.
5	I LOVE this bar! I LOVE the bartenders! I LOVE the flair!Billy...Vlad...Kevin...Shawn...Levi's...Luis...Love them all!
5	Good flair and a heavy pour! Nice staff, quick service, very nice patio for watching the vast variety of humans in various states of inebriation walk by on the Strip.
5	What an awesome bar!!!! We LOVE Billy and spent most of our weekend here, such an awesome flair bartender. Great drinks, and great bartender!
5	This place ROCKS!!! Great drinks, atmosphere and the bartenders are all awesome and friendly. Shout out to Billy if you stop by
4	15hours in Vegas...why not yard it? Order a "5 o'clock somewhere" and call it a night
4	Five stars for:Great bar with fun bartenders The drinks are pretty strong Plenty of seating at the bar and outdoor tablesCreative recipes and cocktail namesFour stars for:The drinks are pricy $12-20Smoking inside the bar (I'm used to California laws- no smoking in bars)Bartenders can be crude - mixed feelings about this.Fast turnover for new customers
4	The bartenders were friendly and talented in juggling cups while making drinks. My favorite drink was Tranquil Waters, which consisted of Cruzan mango rum, blue curacao, pineapple juice, and mango!
5	Good was served on time and delicious as we'll as the drinks! Everything was priced we'll. and the atmosphere between the plane and the volcano I don't know what to look at first
5	We always get great service awesome entertainment.   No matter what hotel we stay at we always end up at this bar.  The bartenders the bar backs and even the managers who pop in are friendly.  It's like an adult Disneyland.  Come experience the show.  I love their strawberry daiquiri I haven't found a restaurant to match the taste.
