5	Convenient, well-stocked, and very helpful with the linked discounts from their grocery stores - this is the place we always stop at!
3	Um, it's a Getgo, calm down people.  Typical set up for a Getgo in the area.Ample pumps, bigger inside area than most which means this place is always packed and busy.  Convenient?  Maybe, if you live in this area, but not so much when you are just stopping here to shop.  There are many places along the way when you are on the way there, or on your way out.  No need to make a special trip here.Not much else I can say except traffic is horrendous to enter or exit here.  There are at least three ways, maybe four, and it's quite tricky.
4	As a gas station this place is pretty good...I mean how do you rate a gas station? When I need gas they have gas available, so it does the job. Where this puppy really shines is it's abundance of everything you could possibly need. I am a breakfast sandwich connoisseur and this place makes a quality breakfast sandwich. They also have awesome subs and F'real milkshakes, which if you haven't had one you have to try them. They always exceed my expectations. The real magic of this place is that whether it is 4am or 4pm you can walk out of there with a breakfast sandwich, a sub for lunch or dinner and a F'real milkshake to wash it all down. I even have picked up a beanie baby or a dvd for my little one while just stopping by. This is a great, clean and efficient Getgo. My only gripe is when it gets really, really busy (like around 8am or noon) sometimes they will be rushing and make the sandwiches a big sloppy but other than that, two thumbs up for me!
5	I always get gas here with my major fuelperks I redeem.Their coffee is AHMAZING!!! I always get their hazelnut coffee, with hazelnut creamer, and sometimes I go and sit in their cafe area. Ahhhhh my morning gets off to a good start. Use your Giant Eagle card, and they will surprise you with an "Oh, it's free". HA!! Love that!! Sometimes when I can't make it out there, I brew my own coffee, but it will NEVER taste like theirs!!I like how it connects to the Waterworks mall. After my bolt of energy (thanks to the java lol) I happily go on a shopping spree. Then when my caffeine high comes down, I regret everything I bought HAHA!!
