1	WORST WENDY'S EVER. We were in a rush to get out of town and decided to drive thru this Wendy's. Bad mistake. After ordering in the drive thru the guy asked us to repeat the order. Ok. No big deal. Most intercoms suck. Once we drove around to the window, he took our payment, and didn't say anything. Ok, odd, maybe he just doesn't like talking or thanking people for their business, just texting on his phone. Then he hands me a bag. Again, no communication to us - only to who he's texting. He just stood there texting like we weren't there. We noticed a tea missing from our order. After repeating twice that a drink was missing, he finally stopped texting and disappeared to the back of the restaurant for several minutes. Finally he showed up with the drink, and again didn't say anything but went back to his texting. No apology. No words spoken. Rude employees who don't pay attention to customers at this Wendy's. I'll never go back there. Yelp wouldn't let me post this without giving it at least a star. This place doesn't deserve a gold star from the dollar store.
3	I was a little hestiant going to this place based on the last review. It went very well. They were fast and food was hot and delicious. Workers were not the happiest and they most likely dont enjoy working there. Overall not bad but I wouldnt seek the place out again based on the workers.
2	I went Saturday even, extremely hungry and excited to try the new pretzel burger..my bun was burnt:( was very upset. way over priced also
1	We were unfortunate enough to order at this Wendy's during late night hours, specifically around midnight. There was a shortage of food, as they had to give us two smaller salads when they ran out of regular sized, we had to substitute fried chicken, which is indistinguishable from the spicy fried chicken, for grilled chicken, and they forgot some of our drinks. The ones they did remember were incorrect, i.e. sweet instead of unsweet. Finally, the service was rushed and not passionate, and they did not give us a receipt. This was particularly important as we had a large group of orders which needed to be split.
2	Usually stop by at least twice a week and last couple of times been an issue. Frosty no spoon, drink with combo no straw. I understand save where you can, but give me accessory to enjoy my meal.  Today got wrong order totally had to make u-turn to get correct order and refunded difference.  Hopefully with some extra training they will listen to customer reviews
