5	I can't believe I lived near this for 2 years before I drove past it.  Seems amazing, but I just never took that street.  And now, I'll be making regular trips.  This Market was established in 1908, though there are folks claiming to have pictures showing it was running back in the 1800's too.  It's still in it's original building, with the paint fading softly all around the edges of the building.  Just as in the old tradition, they try to be a general market - but for a new generation.  This is what is on their business card, "Baked goods, groceries, produce, beer, wine & beverages.  Antiques, collectibles and furniture from the Old West & Mexico. Saddles, tack, spurs...oh, and of course, coffee".  When I was there last, we left with a sack of homemade chipotle rolls, homemade granola, ice cream, 2 home grown organic avocados - and about an hour of entertainment for my mom as she ooo'd and aahh'd over the antique bookshelves holding stuff like Hormel chili in one row and stacks of wine in another.  The flyer she gave my mom - who was oh so obviously new to the place, showed pastries, dog treats and deserts are coming soon.  Of course, the girl working the counter is the daughter of the family that's owned it for the last 30 years or so.  And she told me their semi-long term plans are to turn their "back room" that currently holds the antiques into a restaurant.  This place is like no other spot I've ever been in Phoenix.  I suggest a drive to check the place out.  It's awesome to know places like this still exist.
4	This market is literally around the corner from our house. I had driven by it a bunch of times when we first moved in but just thought it was yet another convenience/liquor store until I read Kristin C's awesome review. I had no idea that that little place had so much history! I sent Kristin a compliment for her review and said that I was planning to stop by, but she wrote back saying that the place was under new ownership and that I might not find the market to be the same as when she went to it back in March of 2007. She was right. On the way home the other night, we decided to stop to get some soda water and limes. We found it to be a fairly well-stocked market (they had limes but not soda water, although that seems to fairly common around here, since neither Fresh & Easy nor CVS carries it) with a good selection of wine and refrigerated goods (including tortillas). The woman working was extremely friendly and suggested a Mexican sparkling mineral water instead of the soda water they didn't carry. However, I didn't see all of the amazing homemade goods or antiques/collectibles that Kristin described. These (along with the plans for dog treats and an adjoining restaurant) may have disappeared when the ownership changed. That being said, this is still a great little neighborhood spot with tons of character and really friendly employees. Given how close it is to our house, I'm sure we'll be back all the time to pick up limes, beer/wine, or other food items.
4	I must be full of love today....I love this little store and frequent it often.  First of all - it's historic.  It's the oldest continuously operating grocery store in Arizona.  (I'm always looking for fun facts like that.).  I love the "local" flair...Did you know  that you can call them up before you head over and ask if they have what you need?  For example, I forgot to pick up Avocado's at Fryes and didn't want to drive back.  I called Del Monte and asked them if they had Avocados and they said yes.  Very Convenient.There is also a mailbox on the corner -a convenience considering that the Laveen post office is a nightmare to get in and out of.If you have visitors who are coming to town, take them to Mystery Castle (near South Mountain) and then drive them down to the Del Monte for an ice cream out of the cooler.  It's fun to see the local cowboys hitch their horse to the hitching post and walk in to get a cool drink - your friends will get a big kick out of the local folklore.I miss the previous administration and all the plans for renovations.  But at least the Del Monte hasn't lost it's roots in the community and the service is still good.
5	This has been my corner store for years. 20 years ago it was Manuel's. It still has that great small town store feel. And great fountain drinks. This is a great highlight of the community, I am happy to have grown up a mile from this store, Growing up I have seen some celebrities film movies there, Alan Alda, Luke Perry, Lilly Tomlin, Great place.
2	I'm not going to lie, I have no idea what the hubbub is about this place.  I even gave it an extra star than I feel it deserves because of how old it is.  It is exactly like a tiny gas station market you find when driving cross country and your almost out of gas so you HAVE to stop there... But this place has no gas and not as nice.I'm also fairly annoyed because another person reviewed this place saying what the business card says about horse tack.  So when I searched "tack" on yelp that came up. I went there and all this place carries is soda and waistline pushing snacks??? TRUST ME... I am VERY into hole in the wall places, and am totally game to avoid the monster chain markets like Fry's or Safeway. But this place is worse than a gas station to me.  I understand the vibe and flair but they are clearly misrepresenting themselves  on their business card.  It even said they had ANTIQUES.  THERE ARE NO ANTIQUES!!! This place IS an antique... That is all. Let's just say I won't be going back... Charm does not make up for lack of product.
5	Keith and his wife are the pure definition of neighbors who run the corner store. For those uninformed who seem to miss the soul of the Del Monte market, that is unfortunate. This store ties the neighborhood together and routinely hosts neighborhood events, not to mention the annual celebration of the stores existence; which, north of 104 years is quite impressive in its own right. No, there isn't any gas but there is plenty of fuel to keep the Del Monte going for years to come.
5	Del Montes market is the best little histori market to visit in South mountain. It's full of interesting things to see and buy. Come see a painting of this Historic place being sold December 8th in the FQ Story neighborhood along with other tiny painting of Historic Arizona.
