3	It's pizza behind security...the formula pizza on fair crust, with, as most airport pizzas, not enough sauce, cheese or toppings, but plenty of "fair" crust.Their pizzas are all "personal"...with formula recipes you request by name.  The dough is stretched, the toppings applied, the pizza put in an oven and baked.  After, it is cut, put in a box and handed to the purchaser.  7-8 minutes unless they are really busy...then 10 minutes or so.On participating in the 'airport employee opening', the day before the concourse opening of the restaurants, I observed a disjointed system that created lots of pizzas.  I requested a custom pizza, adding pepperoni to a formula recipe pizza; after 20 minutes and a description of the first pizza coming out of the oven with a hole in the middle...I gave up and accepted the formula recipe pizza without the addition of pepperoni.  The quality of the product...not exactly...but certainly a nice free result of the effort.  2 days after the concourse opening, I stopped to order pizza again and requested the formula recipe with pepperoni added.  The pizza and the addition...certainly a pricey opportunity.  The location was not very busy...2 people before me were awaiting delivery, then me and 3 people after by the time I received my pizza.  10 minutes after I placed my order, I asked the guy behind the counter regarding timing.  He advised he saw my order in the computer.  I waited 5 minutes more, and asked again.  The guy behind the counter checked with the pizza creators.  They advised they may have put too much pepperoni on the pizza, and it required a few extra minutes to cook completely.  2 more minutes and the pizza was in a box, delivered to me.  Opening the box gave me pizza with 1 1/2 inch crust...the tastes are good...just want a few more bites of substance than what you offer.  Crust is fresh...just lacking in flavor.  In my travels, I find the crust depends on the water used.  If it is Phoenix water, the minerals are wrong...and the taste is affected.  For the price, it is adequate.  The tough part on my side is finding the availability to pay $11 for a personal pizza.  In the worst world, I can order Dominos or Pizza Hut before I fly and carry it through security.  If the item presented were beyond what I could get on the street, I could see the jacked up pricing.  For me, once, maybe twice a year I could justify spending money here.
5	I picked up an egg, cheese, and potato breakfast burrito to eat during my flight.  I had it for about two hours and it kept really well!  It would be extremely easy to slap this combination together for a tasteless boring burrito.  I'm happy to report that it was not at all.  I definitely recommend getting the salsa they offer when you pick up your order.  If you want a meal to carry on that keeps well, this is a great choice.  Staff were very friendly as well.
5	Pizza at the airport.... I can't be good.... Guess again!   PHX is quickly becoming my favorite layover airport.  Considering just a few years ago it was on of the worst.  The pizza had a nice thin crust.  The cheese and sauce was perfect.  @ $14 for a individual pizza and a drink it is a good airport value.  It was so good I am checking my return flight for Friday to see if I have enough time to hit this place up again!
3	Pizzas are a little small and pricey. They're OK for being in the Phoenix airport.
4	The last time I was at phoenix airport I had the worst pizza from that New York style pizza place so I see humble pie and was hesitant to try it but I really had no choice because the grill to the burger joint was down so after searching for other options I had to try it.  I got the pizza with roasted fennel and sausage and house mozzarella, and onions and loaded with sauce. So I don't know what Chris V was talking about when he said they don't put a lot of toppings in their pizza. It was loaded with toppings.  I absolutely loved it. Absolute turnaround from that other place. And originally I wanted a burger.
3	Long line for this place at the airport. Good sign that it's decent. I had the Traditionalist Wrap - sausage, eggs, and cheese for $7.50. It's essentially a breakfast burrito. The eggs aren't the best, but at least they weren't watery. The combo as a whole was good enough to satisfy my hunger, but the price is high. Then again, airport eateries ALWAYS increase their prices just because they can.
1	Many airports these days are attempting to become more upscale; there are sculptures and musicians and art and fancy food. In theory this is great! If I'm going to pay more for buying food in an airport, I might as well be paying for something good, right? Problem is, when it goes wrong, I just feel cheated. They should know better!Take Humble Pie. Theoretically a gourmet pizza joint in the Phoenix airport, the pizza they gave me was one of the worst I've had in YEARS. The crust was soggy, the toppings spartan, the sauce sickly-sweet and the greasiness unbearable. When I first picked up a slice, all the toppings promptly fell off. I tried to put the toppings back on, but the greasiness of the pizza left me to eat it two-handed: first a bite of the crust, then a bite of the toppings.Really, even if this place billed itself as a super-cheap pizza joint I'd feel cheated.
4	Very pleasantly surprised ... good pizza in an airport!I ordered using the self-serve kiosk, and had a super hot margherita pizza in my hands in less than 5 minutes.  It isn't the best pizza I've ever had, but usual to find this quality and speed in an airport.  Staff was very friendly to boot.  Pricey @ $11, but I'm on business travel....
1	Very Expensive for what you get ... even for an airportThe "POG" sounded great, and the flavor was pretty good, BUT I'm not sure if I got one that had been sitting or what...crust was completely soggy, except the edgesricotta cheese was only a shadow - like it had been over cooked and evaporatedI might try them again but I would not spend my own money doing it.
3	Overall decent experience. The breakfast burrito I had "The Spud" was ok; very small for the price I paid. I believe it was almost 8 bucks! Flavor was bland; nothing about the food or the place made me want to be a regular here. It's not a bad place to eat, and when I return maybe I'll try the pizza some people were raving about. My only thing is, I couldn't find any pie here! Confused lol
5	The food was solid 4 star but it was at the airport so I am jumping it up a notch. My taste buds were simply blown away!! Ordered the S.O.P which has sausage, caramelized onions, roasted red peppers, mozzarella, ricotta cheese and tomato sauce. The sauce tasted very tomato-y and fresh, the cheese was perfect, the sausage and onion complimented and the crust was crispy but not burnt. Really great pizza that I would happily eat outside of the airport walls.
2	Over priced mediocre pizza. One size pizza (skimped on the cheese) and a medium drink was around $18. ??? A lack of dining space makes it less attractive. Yeah I know it's a terminal but still disappointed.
4	Not bad. Personal size pizzas made fresh. The dough was delicious. The cheese only halfway melted, the sauce basically tomato paste. The quality could easily be improved significantly by using better sauce and cooking 2 min longer, but overall it's a pretty decent product for an airport.
2	One of the worst pizzas I've ever had in all my life. Its not an exaggeration trust me. After a long flight from St.Louis to west side of the coast and a quick halt at arizona we brought our semi hungry selves to this place and we fell short of food options at the terminal we were in. We browsed through their selection of pizza to find a vegetarian option and we went with the margherita pizza topped with basil and tomatoes. Unbelievable as to how could someone completely turn around the recipe made with scramble of simple ingredients. The crust was horrible and the basil wasn't baked along with the pizza it was rather sprinkled ribbon cut over the baked pizza with just marinara.It was like the leaves were flying away as we were trying to bite into the pizza. Gosh and the price I know that its airport and its supposed to be pricey but 14 dollars for a flat iron rubber like pizza duh! Please don't eat even if you are starving you'll just end up spoiling your tastebuds.
4	I only stopped in today for coffee and it's only their third day open. They were slammed and did a good job trying to help me even though their takeout window isn't opened yet. The one lets looked amazing as I watched them go by. I wish I wasn't so crazy about getting I my flight be because I would stopped and had one they looked so good!
5	Wow!  We were changing planes with a short layover in Phoenix and came across this newly opened place in Terminal C (Southwest) and decided to give it a try.  We both had the Sourdough burger.  Absolutely wonderful!  Nice thick juicy burger, thick grilled sourdough bread with grilled onions.  I had the salad with it - plenty of food!  Super fresh and delicious.  Prices weren't bad at all compared to the stuff you get at the airport.  Service was beyond excellent.  Pleasantly served and kept checking on us to see if there was anything else we needed.  Will definitely go back if we go through that way again - no hesitation!
4	Had a delayed flight so hopped into the Humble Pie. I ordered the BBQ Chicken Pizza after it was recommended by our waiter and split it with a friend. Pros: Atmosphere is pleasant and the service was good. Food was quick and the pizza was decent but I've had better. Nice thick bacon on the pizza. Cons: can't hear the airport announcements. Every few bites of my pizza the only flavor I could taste was "burnt" even though the pizza itself wasn't overcooked. Overall I'm glad I came in to fill my tummy but I probably would try somewhere else next time.
4	From the looks of yelpers photos, some people had bad luck and got some really bad pizza, but from the attitude of this place, I would not be afraid to send it back to the kitchen and let them know about any soggy crust because it appears the kitchen WANTS to serve delicious pizza. Very attentive and patient servers even amid all the chaos of people coming and leaving and ordering to-go.With that said, I was lucky to get a perfectly cooked magherita pizza ($10.95), lots of mozzarella toppings and some basil, the crust was thin, crunchy and chewy at the same time and STILL good the next day (for breakfast I heated it up in the microwave and finished it in the oven, for lunch i had the last slice cold, still. so. good.)It's 4 stars only because it's on the pricey side, but otherwise I had a very satisfying pizza. Trying the chicken parmesan next time like the server enthusiastically suggested :)
1	I sat at the bar for breakfast. A woman came, sat beside me, and was waited on almost immediately. I glanced around to see additional people sitting at the bar with same immediate service. The waitress returned to the woman beside me to present her with a beverage, and refused to acknowledge my presence. It's as if I wasn't there, which is why I left and will never return. The food is generally bad enough in airports, and no one should be treated that way.
4	Friendly service, a nice dark beer, and a nine slice BLT. Prices are reasonable for an airport restaurant;if you are eating on a budget you're looking at corn nuts and coke. If you want a large drink and good sandwich at the end of the C concourse, you could do far worse and not much better than Humble Pie.
2	The two times I have stopped by have been rushed, which isn't unusual in an airport if you've got a flight to catch.  Both times I sat at the bar hoping for fast service, but in each instance I was forgotten for about five minutes after receiving a menu :(  The servers behind the bar when I was there (I recognize that there is a lot of rotation in an airport establishment) didn't do a very good job of scanning over their patrons to make sure everyone was taken care of. There seemed to be a tunnel vision thing going on, not much multi-tasking. Obviously it's a tough job to keep up with such a high customer turnover rate, but I've visited busier upscale airport restaurants here at PHX that do a great job and set the bar high. I'll update my review the next time I stop by hoping for a different experience.
3	Service still pretty inattentive the second time around, but I sat where I could look into the kitchen and watch them make my pizza. The ingredients look fresh, including the chunks of mozzarella (as opposed to shredded). Not really my favorite style of pizza, as I like a little more cheese and sauce, but not bad. It's the only restaurant for gates C1-C9, so hey what are you gonna do?
4	I had a 2 hr layover at Phx, was hungry and trying to find something vegetarian! The cheese pizza at Humble Pie came to my rescue, and how!! Simple and fresh. I really did love the herbs. Friendly staff too!!
2	Even for airport food this is pretty low quality. Step up your game if you expect to stay in terminal 4!Ordered a margherita pizza...very plain, flimsy crust, underwhelming.
2	Grabbed a $10 chicken sandwich between flights.  It was okay and it came with pretty good shoestring style fries.  The wait was too long though.
3	A cheap & healthy meal at the airport...Spicy Minestrone Soup, just a little over $4.00 (after taxes).  Service was "ok," but we're sort at the mercy of these people being stuck at the airport, right? Thankfully the soup was tasty and filling, so it head me over till my flight.
1	The worst pizza I've ever had. Reading the menu one would think it's pretty tasty--- NOT! I got a burnt pizza with no flavor mozzarella. The basil was burnt as well. The sauce was dumped in the pizza so it was soggy on top with burnt crust. Blehkkkk!!! If I have time to return it I would but I was boarding as soon as I got my pizza so that was a waste of $12.00. Save yourself the $12 and buy something else.
2	The pizza is very expensive and in my opinion not worth it. $13 dollars for a personal pizza. I was hungry, but not that hungry, and I should've just waited until I returned home. But, flights always seem longer than they are, and it was right next to my gate, so it was convenient.I had the chicken pesto pizza. It could've had more chicken. The crust was too dry for me. And the price....maybe we are paying for the little box it comes in? It was good tasting, but if it gets cold, it's not good at all. Better to eat it while it's hot and share with someone. If you do eat here, listen for your name and really watch out for your order because people who ordered after you but had the same thing will try to take your order!
4	Ate here passing thru from LA to Chicago. This was the second time I've eaten their pizza. I order "cheese and sausage"... although it's not on the menu, per se, they happily make it. Personal pizza and a soda was around $16. Not bad considering you're in an airport where prices are always high.The pizza came out in about 8 minutes. Crispy and hot! Very tasty too.Everyone's entitled to their opinions and I'm not here to refute my fellow Yelpers but my 2 visits were great! It's a very welcome change from fast food burgers. Suggest you try their pizza if you're in the Phoenix airport!
5	I really like the food at the out of airport Humble Pie resturants. This air port based location restaurant serves the same delicious food as the non airport stores. Being an airport the menu is a limited version of the full resturants offerings.  That said there is plenty of great food to choose from. If your in terminal 4, close to the C gates Humble Pie is worth a try.
1	Pesto Pizza! Plus a drink 19.50 Worst Pizza I have ever had! Not worth it honestly plus I figured giving the place a try I regret it! Poor decision on my part do not go! Any chef or cook would throw up this pizza no flavor at all. CHEF RAMSEY would not even eat it just by the look of it!!
3	Order: Humble Pie Breakfast (two eggs, breakfast potatoes, toast and bacon or sausage). I got scrambled eggs and bacon. $7.50 + tax.Food: Eggs were angular and looked waxy, like they were instant eggs but made in a pan. I got a corner edge so there was a hard, darker egg part that I could not eat. Toast wasn't toasted. Bacon was good. Sausage was acceptable.Staff: Excellent and quick (in and out in about 10 minutes).Overall: They should stick to pizza but they'll get everything out quickly.
4	For airport food this place deserves 4 stars in my opinion: very clean and organized and the guy in the counter super friendly, fast yet very attentive. I picked up a salad before my flight and all the ingredients were very fresh, plus the vinaigrette dressing was the perfect blend. The strawberries in the salad were like just picked up from the field, red and plumply and the whole package was abundantly filled with various ingredients, like the pecans. I was very satisfied also with the raspberry drink, very thick, good blend and delicious. The layout of this restaurant is a little bit on the narrow side but everything else looks good.
3	The host was very rude when I walked up although I wasn't expecting amazing service from an airport bar. I asked her a question about the seating situation and she just shrugged her shoulders. She literally didn't say a word. I think her name tag said Della or something starting with a D. Once I sat down my experience here got better. A young lady by the name of Jack greeted me and took my order. She brought me back the wrong beer but quickly offered to fix my order. I'm not one to let drinks go to waste so I didn't make her fix it.
5	Excellent service! The moment I sat down at the bar the bartender, Jack, asked for my name and called my by my name the entire time. It made the atmosphere feel real friendly as if I were a regular at a local bar. The pizza I ordered tasted amazing, I really enjoyed the mozzarella they used on their pizzas.  I will defiantly stop here the next time I'm flying out of Phoenix!
5	Airport food is usually a bummer.This isn't. It's so good I would seek it out in the civilian world.The cheese pizza with fresh, melted mozzarella is amazing.My picky four year old even loved it, except for the occasional burn mark on the crust - the same burn marks that made it extra awesome for me.Woodfired pizza in the airport makes even a very delayed flight just a little better.
2	This is the second time I've visited when they were out of the wine I requested. Both times I was offered the more expensive label of the same grape as an alternative. A kind gesture one might say!  Until you see that they charged the higher amount on your bill. If it were my restaurant, I would only charge for the less expensive wine as a way to say "I'm sorry we were out of your wine."  Also, the minestrone soup cup is tiny.  Please offer a bowl.
1	Just picked up a light breakfast  and snacks here and was truly agitated by the service. This is an airport. People are usually in a rush and some have their hands full. After ordering and paying for my food (several items not easy carried) it was just left on the counter. I asked the guy at the register for a bag (very nicely) and instead of placing my order in a bag, like normal people in his position do, he throws the bag on top and starts taking the next persons order. My hands were full. So instead of speeding up his line he just slowed it down as he waited for me to bag my stuff. I come through here on a frequent basis - I won't stop by Humble Pie again. It's in Terminal A. I walked past it later and noticed other travelers fumbling with their purchases as they got out of line because he simply could not put people's stuff in a bag. Ridiculous!
2	While I type this I just rejoiced on how fast my food came out after I ordered it. It's because it was pre-made. No worries, speed is needed at the airport. But oh my. This may be the grossest $8 breakfast burrito ever. Egg, cheese, bacon in a tortilla. Not a lick of any spice. Just runny eggs. Not even a dash of pepper. Nothing. Avoid this place. You are better off eating a bag of pepperoni flavored combos from the newsstand.
1	Worst management staff ever.  Simple request to change a game to a Michigan football game was met with a no and that they don't have any remotes. What a douchebag.
2	I experienced very poor customer service here before my flight.  I waited at the "to go" window for just over 5 min.  Made eye contact with several servers.  Was not acknowledged.  An annoyed man came over and "gruffly" says... "If you want to be served you'll have to come over to the bar."  Sorry, I was standing at what should allow me to bypass sitting down and ordering and waiting for a check...  No thanks.  How about you put a closed sign on the window?????  I would also suggest that you keep in mind that I am a customer.   Rude, loud and in-helpful will get you this review.  My advice to the restaurant?   Hire and train better.   There was many better was to handle this as an employee.... For instance ,  how about a friendly greeting?
4	Surprisingly good breakfast food at gate A23. But even better was the service. Warm and personable staff in a world that is too often transactional.
4	Get SOP pizza it's great I came here before in a flight out to burbank ca and got mushroom pizza that's wasn't so good today they recommended SOP and it is great.
2	SALT!  This place needs to add some salt to their ingredients.  My hubby and I split an artichoke and a cheese pizza and both were severely lacking in flavor.  I thought the cheese was better than the artichoke but at $10+ per pizza, I was expecting more.  I know it's airport food, but it didn't inspire me to visit the actual restaurant.
2	Not to impressed. We bought a couple pies. Chicken pesto. Weird and ended up tossing. Roasted mushroom seemed salty and no sauce on it. I guess that if pizza is what you want, play it safe and stay with cheese or pepperoni.
2	I am going to start off by saying that I was in the restaurant industry for a while and am pretty observant to things that are going on. When we first arrived the hostess had next to no personality. We sat down and the waiter we had was quick and very friendly! While we were sitting there I heard, who I believe to be the manager, complaining to two different employees, at two different times, about the hostess. I actually heard her say, "I think we need a new hostess."In my opinion this is not precessional and quite frankly tacky. It is not something that should be discussed in the open and defiantly not with other employees. I didn't try the food but my boyfriend had a beer. The prices were much higher than they should be but you can expect that at an airport!
