5	Head 2 Toe Chiropractic is an excellent facility. Dr. Shapiro and staff are extremely welcoming and very knowledgeable. I am fairly active and can always count on Head 2 Toe keeping me at my peak performance. They have effectively treated me for several small ailments which had developed from my physical training. These included lower back, hip, knee, and calf issues. They have also rehabilitated a rather severe shoulder injury, which was a combination of tendinitis and a dislocated biceps tendon. I cannot thank Head 2 Toe enough and would recommend them to anyone.
5	I originally found Dr. Shapiro many years ago while googling "tailbone pain"...I discovered I had a coccyx problem and read a whole bunch of interesting information by this guy Dr. Shapiro...The internet being what it was, I figured he'd be in Boston or Dallas but I was happily surprised to find him in Tempe.Dr Shapiro fixed my initial coccyx problem over several months but I found I liked how I felt after an appointment with him.  He also fixed a reoccuring knee problem by analyzing my gait and getting me into some custom designed shoe inserts.I regularly workout with weights and cardio and travel extensively for business and going to Dr. Shapiro once a month to be  straightened out and patched up has become part of my body's maintenance routine. I also occasionaly suffer a muscle  tear, strain, etc., and Dr. Shapiro and his staff use a combination of massage therapy, laser treatments, and other advanced techniques to fix me up again so I continue working out.I've not been to any other chiroprators but I'm so happy with Dr. Shapiro  that I routinely drive in all the way from North East Mesa to South Tempe and have periodically referred friends and family to him when they need chiropractic help.
5	I am a nurse and a long time chiropractic consumer from California. I happened to be visiting Tempe when my back went out. A family member recommended Dr. Shapiro. I found him to be especially knowledgable incorporating several different modalities to correct my problem, which had been plaguing  me for a long time. I felt immediate relief and was impressed with  his gentle, painless technique. I was also impressed with his obvious dedication to his craft. He's quite special!
5	Dr. Shapiro is a just amazing chiropractor. He really cares about his patients. We always refer our clients to him. We trust him! Thank you!
5	I feel the need to update my post on Head 2 Toe. I moved to Austin, TX a little over a year ago and have tried several chiropractors in the Austin area. Although the chiropractors I have tried out here are good, they do not compare with Dr. Shapiro and his staff.Dr. Shapiro is a fantastic chiropractor - very knowledgeable, methodical and always provides excellent care. And what I have really come to appreciate is the pricing for his services.I will make appointments with him every time I am back in the Phoenix area.
