3	It's a drug store, they have great selection and a friendly staff.I don't really have much more I can say in this review, they're close to my house, and their prices are fair.
3	It's Walgreens, so there's not much to review. They have a pharmacy, which I don't use so I can't review. There is a redbox outside, so that's cool. If you are a crazy coupon person, you can save a ton of money buying here with their in-ad specials... Keep your eyes peeled for their red shelf labels, those items are discontinued and usually you can get some good deals. Typically I come here when we are in a rush to get something - birthday card, case of beer, ibuprofen, allergy medicine - and it's convenient because it's on my way home from work. On average the pricing is just OK.
3	Better vitamin prices than CVS, and judging from the amount of almost-empty vitamin shelves, I am not the only one that thinks so. +1 It's hard to run an everything-but-the-kitchen-sink pharmacy, and that's what this place is. What I found really encouraging was the cashier was asking every customer: "Would you like to buy some candy today?" pointing to the upsell of the day (Reese's Peanut Butter Cups, 2 for $1 or something). That's motivation to do that every...single...time...and not go crazy. +1. Oh, and I think at three separate employees asked me if I was finding everything okay...and I wasn't even trying to make eye contact. +1
5	After an absolutely horrible experience at CVS down the street, I went to this Walgreens and got my script filled in 12 minutes! (It took CVS 2 and a half hours and they still hadn't filled it) Thank you Rhoda for being so friendly and expedient in my time of need!
1	Went to pick up a prescription to only be told that my medicine wasn't in stock. Funny thing is they sent me an email saying it was ready. Why didn't they just call and tell me
1	I would give them a zero, but that's not an option. I was called a bitch as I was pulling out of the drive thru!!! Unacceptable! Here's the story:  I got a script filled for my son's Epi pen. The doctor PURPOSELY wrote the prescription out for 2 twin packs so I get a total of 4 pens. We need 4 pens (one for school, both parents, and grandparents. The person who took the script said they didn't have it in stock so they would have to order it. I made sure to ask to confirm that I would receive 4 and she said yes. I also asked her to call me when it came in and she said sure. Two days later, I didn't hear from them, but I had to fill another prescription and checked if it was there. Sure enough, it was. Did I get a call, no. But that was the least of the issues...I come back a couple hours later because I decided to pick both of them up at the same time. By the time I got there, it was 9:40. I picked up my meds and waited in the parking lot to meet my boyfriend. I was bored and interested to see what the epi pen looked like so I opened the bag only to find that there was ONE two pack instead of 2 two packs. So I pull back into the drive thru and a different pharmacist comes to the window. I tell him I'm supposed to get 2-2 packs. He pulls out the epi pens and counts two. I say yes, I'm supposed to get TWO- two packs. He tells me that it's one minute till ten (closing time) and they are backed up. In order to fix my prescription he would have to delete the order, get a manager's approval, and then retype the order. I just looked at him as if to say go ahead. He left and the girl that gave me the meds earlier comes back. She tells me if I were to get the second pack, I would have to pay a co pay of $70 because I can only use the manufacturer coupon once. I read the coupon and it says I can use it up to three times. She then says that they don't have it in stock. I say that I'll come back when it's in, but can I at least have the epi pens that are right there? She tells me she doesn't think the coupon will work if she bills it twice. So I say fine, but I need it before Monday so I bring it to the school nurse on the first day of school. She says it will for sure be here. I say okay and pull away from the drive thru. As she is hanging up the phone, I hear her say, "She's such a bitch." I am appalled and am never coming back after my epi pens get here. I am also going to speak to manager about this issue. Yes, it was right before closing, but if they had the order right the first time, they would be able to close on time. They should not take it out on the customer that just wants medication in the event a child goes into anaphylactic shock. Is that too much to ask for? Apparently this Walgreens says yes.
4	The assistant manager contacted me a couple days after the incident and apologized for the unfortunate experience. He even offered me a gift as a token of their sincere apology. I told him I wasn't looking for reimbursements, but just wanted them to be aware of what was going on. He insisted that I take it. I thought that was very nice of Walgreens to do this so I am amending my review.
5	Staff has always been helpful and friendly. Last month I was waiting at the photo section for a pick up and the manager, seeing me waiting, rushed to assist me. Today I went in to pick up some more pictures and Usman, the employee who works at the photo section, recognized me, remembered my name somehow and had the pictures all scanned and ready for me!!! I felt like a VIP, he definitely made me feel appreciated and won my loyalty!
3	I end up going here often cause I live down the street. I guess the best way I could review it is, no one really takes any pride in working here, that's for sure. They are slow to help you, and when they do, they make sure to do it with the least work as possible. They really need to make sure their cash register guy takes showers before he comes to work. Not to be horribly mean, but the guy is filthy. You can smell him from behind the checkout, and has clear visual signs of non cleanliness. Not just once, every time I go there. He is nice though, just dirty. I bought beer there last week, and realized it expired in April, (3 months ago). Wasn't too happy about that, but I can't let myself waste beer so I drank it anyway...but wasn't happy about it.
4	All the staff I have come across has always been friendly. I've been picking up my perscriptions here for over a year now and I've never had an issue. They usually have good deals on their cosmetics and it is my go to place when other places are sold out.
