3	Wife and I was on our second stop of trying a couple of local pizza joints. We really enjoyed the ambiance inside. Needed to be cleaned a little better. And need to put the broom up instead of behind the cashier? Both of us agreed that the pizza was just OK. But we brought a slice home for our daughter, and she loved it? I felt the pizza was not cooked enough, the sauce was awesome, but the crust was like a bread type of crust. Service needs to be better, Our slice was ready for about ten minutes until we finally received it. Over all this place is alright, but there are better places to go.
2	The hubby and I were out running errands and time was flying buy, we were starving, and I have been on a constant craving for Italian subs (thanks Jersey Mikes!) so I said lets go to streets, we were in that shopping center anyway... I remembered about six years ago, a friend who worked there hooked me up with an Italian sub, and I remembered it being good. I also remembered having pizza from some other Streets location at some point and it was fresh and good also... I didn't feel very skeptical. We were sat but it seemed like we were forgotten for a while, it took like ten minutes before our waitress came (there were only two or three other tables sat, and at least four servers there). I ordered the sub, hubby ordered medium wings. They brought the complementary bread and I realized it was about to be a sucky meal. The bread was old, the marinara was nasty. I got my Caesar about another ten minutes latter, it was also nasty, the dressing was like Kraft or something bottled and low quality, there was the most powerful BO smelling red onion slice on top. The wings and sandwich didn't take as long... The wings were like precooked Tyson frozen wings with some kind of weird glaze, flavored like buffalo sauce. It didn't even look like real wings. The sandwich was soooooooooooooo gross. The bread was gross, the dressing was flavorless... I hate spending money (yeah it wasn't that much, only a $20 lunch for two, but still...) on food that is nasty. Even the water was nasty. It makes me so mad! Only good thing, our waitress was nice.  We should have went to Greek Corner, where I know the food is GOOD!  Streets needs to make their food fresh to start improving...
1	One word. Gross. I am not the pickiest of eaters and even this was way to disgusting for me. The sauce was absolutely horrible. Tasted like it had been in a can for years as it had a tinny taste to it. The toppings are of remarkably poor quality. We waited for delivery for over an hour and a half on a Sunday afternoon. I will never ever order from them again. Do not waste your money. You would do far better even ordering from a chain.
2	This place is okay, but service seems to be hit or miss. One time I had to wait almost an hour just to get the check so I could pay and leave. When I finally got the check, it was for the table next to me. It took quite awhile for me to flag her down to tell her she gave me the wrong one. They weren't even busy so I don't know why it took so long. Recently I was served a sub on the wrong type of bread, but it was hard to get the waiter's attention and I was too hungry to have it sent back. I also needed napkins because the sub was dripping in dressing, but my waiter was messing around with the TV. I think the staff needs to be more available if the customer needs something or has a problem with their order.
1	Grew up on east coast and miss NY style pizza after years in Minnesota. Crust doughy, sauce bland. Reminded me of Dominos. A crime to call this NY style pizza.  Never going back.
1	This is NOT NY PIZZA!I came here only once for lunch, and tried the pizza here for the first time. 2 slices of sausage, and a dinner salad. Both slices were thicker than your basic delivery chain pizza. The pizza was very thick crust, puffy and chewy, and the sausage was little balls of meat that tasted like it was from a frozen pizza. Overall the pizza was NOT very good!This place should never call itself a NY Pizza joint. Thick crust IS NOT NY PIZZA!!!!!!!!!!! Wow it's truly is a crime to call this NY Pizza!
5	Good food and service can be hit or miss from time to time unless you have Courtney as your server! She is the best!
4	Well, it was pretty good.  We diverted here after Tivoli Gardens had just too long of a line, and were able to walk right in.  Service was nice, prompt, and pretty on-task.Family got a pizza and I got a sandwich.  I have a pretty high sandwich standard because my usual lunch-time haunt is right down the street at New York Flavor so I am picky picky and like a GOOD sandwich.  I tried the #1, named "Still The One" and it was darn good.  Toasted, cheesy, lots of meats, and the sauce that Streets of NY puts on it was good.  Tangy Italian dressing is my guess.  My advice though: ask for the dressing on the side.  They put too much on it, and it ends up being drippy and wrecks the bread by the time you get to the second half of the sandwich. Not complaining though - it was a really good visit.  Enjoy!
4	All in all, I'd say this was pretty darn good visit. Our server was super friendly and patient with my "elderly" father-in-law who is quite needy when it comes to his pizza and drinks. My son and I shared the DBacks Triple Play which is sausage with carmelized onion and sweet red pepper. It was delish--though I will dare say that it's better when you have it at Chase Field with a beer and watching the Dbacks live..but I digress. My husband had the #1 which is a sandwich called Still The One. Father-in-law had super thin crust sausage pizza and mother-in-law had some sort of chicken dish. We were all pleasantly pleased with our choices and as mentioned, our server was excellent. I am definitely thinking another visit to SONY will need to take place soon! Thanks for the great visit!
4	We were sick and tired of ordering Pizza from Pizza Hut when friends came over. I've had my fair share of NY pizza so we decided to try Streets Of New York. It had to be better then Pizza Hut! LOL The thin crust pizza was delightful, the flavor of the crust was good and fresh. Impressed with huge selection of unique toppings - toppings you cant get from national chains like roasted garlic and fresh basil. The toppings all had own flavor, not that salty preserved taste. I wasn't puffy from eating it the next day.
5	Seriously surprised at the overall low-ish rating for this joint. Let me start by saying I am pregnant.  I am picky, hungry, and have something to say about just about everything (poor husband).Hub and I decided at the very last second to try this place instead of KFC.  More options.  3PM on a Sunday is totally dead, and there is one server for the entire place, but seemingly handled well.  We chose to order our food to go.  12 Piece White Meat Broaster Chicken family mealMake your own 14" PIzza with chicken, spinach, and provolone. Half CheeseTook about 35 minutes for everything to come out, by then I was falling apart being so hungry.  One look at the pizza and was pleasantly surprised at how tasty it looked.  Eyes of pregnancy can be deceiving...however, not this time!!  Every bite of all this food was way more delicious than I was anticipating.  The broaster chicken is done to perfection; juicy, crispy, hot.  The pizza was nicely browned on top, with plenty of the toppings we requested.  Taste was phenom.I literally just finished eating and had to rave about how good this was.  Husband and I were equally impressed, and will return to try more goodies.  Not sure on service...girl taking orders was pleasant and got everything right.
2	We've been here twice. Food is decent, but the service is horrible. From the time we sat down it took us about ten minutes to get WATER. After we ordered, it took 30 minutes for our SALAD to arrive. Yes, lettuce in a bowl took 30 minutes. Both times it was not busy, half full dinning room or less. If you have all day and you aren't very hungry, the food is decent, but if you'd like to enjoy yourself with out the pause of, "where the hell is ____", and "how long ago did we ______",  go somewhere else.
4	I was pleasantly surprised.  The pizza and Greek salad were excellent.  Service was a bit slow but I figured it would be since the place was packed.  They were very friendly.  I can not wait to go back and try some of the pasta dishes.
4	I'm not a huge fan of NY style pizza (ok, I'm not a fan at all)... but I was pleasantly surprised by their pizza!  I mean, I'd still take a Chicago-style deep dish pizza over this any day of the week, but if I'm in the mood for thin crust pizza with a good combination of sauce, crust, and cheese, then I'll come back here!
5	Had lunch here the other day and fell in love with the Broaster Chicken that this location serves! It is cooked in a pressure fryer so it was not greasy and tasting of oil like traditional fried chicken. I was also very fond of the fries that were made available to me after I checked in.  I will be returning in the near future and bringing some co-workers.
2	Ordered delivery at 515 on Monday during Monday Night Football so I figured it would be a while. They said it would be 1 hr, 615 delivery. That's fair- MNF and all. I called at 640 and they said it would be delivered in 5 minutes. At 700 they finally show. 45 minutes late. Not even a call from management to apologize. Really? Next time I'll order from Pizza Hut.
4	Went out for dinner with the wife and two kids. The Pizza and chicken were both great. The garlic bread included with the meals as an appetizer is awesome. I have eaten here 3 or four times and each time has been consistently good. Prices are fair. We will be back.
3	Greek salad is too wet but the pizza was good.  The waitress had to add more salad to compensate for the drenched salad.  The pizza was good and wings were ok.
4	AMAZING pizza, friendly staff, fair prices.
1	Streets of New York was, by far, the worst place I have ever been.Maybe it was just a location thing but I'll never go to another one because of it.We get in and are told to sit anywhere so we pick a spot, sit down, and wait. and wait. and wait. Then a busser or someone who is obviously not a waiter comes over, literally throws us our menus and unenthusiastically says, "She'll be with you in a minute."So we wait, again.Finally she shows up, takes our drink orders and then disappears for another ten minutes. There's only like 4 other full tables in the place and she wasn't the only waiter; i'm pretty patient when waiting for foods and drinks at restraunts. On top of that, I've never had water that tasted so much like dirt before.She comes back. Leaves. THEN comes back and takes our order. She asks us if we want their free bread and we say yes. TEN MINUTES later, the bread finally comes out and it's actually really good.The pizza came out shortly after, finally our pizza comes out.We did have a special order. One side was a chicken Alfredo pizza with Alfredo sauce, tomatoes, onions, and chicken and for me, I got cheese. Except my cheese pizza had onions on it. I couldn't eat it. And my companion's pizza was so terrible, no one finished it. There were little whole tomatoes soaked in vinegar; not sure what else was wrong with it.I will never. Ever. Go back to Streets Of New York. Not because of the food quality, but because of the service.
1	Well Courtney is gone from here and apparently so is service. Tonight they have one server and she is doing everything she can to take care of customers Food is good however it is not good enough to get this type of service. Time to find a new pizza place in Surprise.
4	Have been there many times over the years.  the wait staff have always been friendly if sometimes overworked.  The pasta is quite good as are the pizzas and sandwiches.  My only complaint is the broasted chicken which was recently added to the menu.  I have tried it twice now and it was rubbery both times.  It is a good place to eat but, unless your tastes are far different from mine, avoid the chicken
2	Pizza was burnt and greasy. Passion bread was okay. Ordered take out hoping for a delicious NY style pizza and was severely disappointed. I won't be back.
1	I ordered a 16-inch New York Combo pizza over the phone. When I got there, they brought me out a different pizza from what I ordered and expected me to take it. When I refused, they went into the back and found the pizza that I did order and brought it out to me. When we started to eat the pizza, we discovered that there was no dough/crust in the center of the pizza. It was so thin in the middle that the tomato sauce and ingredients ate away all of the dough. Really horrible experience, and I have had several from this restaurant. I will not be back.
5	I have been coming here for a couple years and love coming here. My food is never wrong, always have great service and also like it that my favorite server Jennifer is still there! She knows what I like and what my usuals are. Never are they busy enough to where you get ignored even at lunch time. Small little bar counter that you can watch football (oh yeah I love football!!!woot woot) or something dumb. Hahaha.  Gourmet pizzas are pretty good too. Love the BBQ chicken one minus mushrooms of course. Its the bomb on thin crust. All in all good place to go for lunch for sure.
4	Food is always great.  We are creatures of habit and always split a small New York pizza and their antipasto salad.  Don't forget to have a few knots to start off. There is nothing like eating the pizza fresh (as opposed to  delivery or pickup).   Would have given a  5 star review but it is sometimes a little slow on service and behind on bussing tables.
1	Didn't even eat. Just walked out. There were a few tables with purple all ready eating abd a handful of wait staff. We had to get or own menus waited for five minutes with the several servers standing around staring at us without coming to get a drink order. We left.
5	Tried Streets of NY for the first time.  We had the New York Combo Pizza and wings.    The staff was great!  I felt like family by the end of the meal. It was a great lunch experience.  Traci greeted us warmly when we walked in.  The bread while waiting for Pizza was the perfect appetizer. As busy as the restaurant was - the manager, Caroline still found time to come out introduce herself and ask us how our first time experience was.  The food was great and I know we will be returning in the near future. The 10" pizza was perfect for two people and the wings were outstanding!
1	Why would it take 40 minutes to prepare 2 sub sandwiches?  A hot pastrami and a chicken parm were the only two things I ordered and I sat and waited for 40 minutes for these items. If I had not paid upon ordering them I would have not waited around for them. There was a man sitting at the bar that was patiently waiting for about 10 minutes before someone told him they would send someone over to get his order. About 5 minutes later no one had even come by to give him a menu. Really slow service and for just a mediocre sandwich. Probably won't be going back anytime in the foreseeable future.
4	1st time here, glad we came. Very good service and our D backs pizza was delicious. Great prices too. Nice area for outside dining, music volume was perfect, didn't need to compete for conversation.Very clean too.
5	Had our usual pizza and salad split.   Service and food was great and the whole crew was on top of things!
5	Updating my review based upon my visit yesterday evening.  Brought my boys in for Daddy Dinner night - that's right - I am NOT a good cook.  But you know who is?  Streets of New York.  Every dish coming out of the kitchen looked really good and our pizza was fantastic!  It was a nice change from when you see food just slopped together - this pizza looked good too.  Everything was laid out nice, I mean you could have taken a picture of this for a food magazine!  Also, I remain committed to the "Still the One" sandwich.  Definitely one of my top three favorites in life.Joshua was our server and you know what - service rocked.  He kept up on drinks - not easy given my boys and myself, and took great care of us.  Streets of New York!  Well done!
1	My girlfriend two other groups and i waited to be seated for 10 min.  Only to find that it was self seating.  The tables were wet.  Asked two people to dry them.  They ended up song them selves.  Sat waiting and waiting we no service.    The 2 two other groups we walked in with, one stayed and was served before us and the others walked out. The table that walked out got a new customer and they got their drinks and place their orders before we even met our waiter. =/ no bueno15-20 min went by before before or waiting came to the table.Of course I asked to speak to a manager but she is out doing deliveries. My girlfriend I have eaten here before have had decent service. I don't know if they've changed managers or what. This pretty much ruined my evening and I'm contemplating walking out. The restaurant looks pretty busy and I believe it's overwhelming. Our waiter is the assistant manager. And I understand that he's busy. But I believe its poor management that has the restaurant understaffed.
