2	Here's another new restaurant that looks really nice but seems to have forgotten about how its focus is supposed to be on food. I got excited at the idea of fusion but everything my group and I (4 people) ordered was bland and uninspired. Did we all choose the wrong dishes? I doubt it. And if so, those are the 4 that need to be removed from the menu, but I digress. And Tamashi isn't cheap, so we expected better. Would have given 3 stars, but my teriyaki dish tasted more like burned-i-yaki. Yuck. We won't be back.
2	Not worth it, very bad service and mediocre food.Last  night we went to this place for my sisters birthday. From my past knowledge of this area, I think that this location is cursed. Well this place actually had a great decor, there's an extra room to your right which is very similar to Japanese restaurants where you sit on a cushion on the floor. That part along with the rest of the restaurant is aesthetically very beautiful.Well I didn't go here just to look around, we can here to eat. At first I did not know what to expect of an Asian Fusion restaurant as I had never been to one. Well there was no Asian Fusion here, we all chose the Sushi buffet which was an experience all on its own. Our first order we asked for fried calamari and tempura sweet potatoes. Somehow the brought us a mix of tempura vegetables, calamari and shrimp. Normally I would be happy with that but, I was worried as to how the rest of the meal would turn out. We also ordered sashimi (all fish no rice) and that never came. We also order couple different spring rolls (one shrimp & crab, the other salmon) these didn't end up coming until after our third, and final order where the shrimp & crab one was replaced with beef! We also had a random waiter come around and try to put things on our table, here's the dialogue:Waiter: "Spring Rolls"Me: "Yes what kind are they?"Waiter: "What kind did you order?"Me: "What kind are those?"Waiter: "I think pork."Me: "I didn't order those, I order shrimp & crab."It was like they just wanted to fill us up with whatever the had extra. Now let's talk about the food. It was mediocre, not the best of anything everything was ok. The sushi was a little dry, the fish was passable. My favorite thing that I ate was probably the fried banana at the end of our meal, that was delicious. I will definitely NOT be going here, I definitely would NOT recommend this place.
3	Though a little overpriced for "Kanda Class" sushi the place was alright. Better decor and nice though very informal service. If you're looking for high end sushi this is not the place. passable sushi and bring you own wine? worth a try.
