5	Old-fashioned quality candies.In a world of chocolate flavored wax, See's maintains a standard of quality that is unmatched in my limited experience.This store, like all See's stores, welcomes you as soon as you step in, and all visitors are offered a sample.  Yes, the price is more that Russel Stover's, but it is worth it.  The cloying sweetness of Godiva is absent, and the cool, clean stores offer a wide variety of chocolates to choose from.I personally get the hand-picked boxes, but the preselected boxes and the other candies are excellent.  Stop in. Taste the free sample. You have  nothing to lose but your preconceived notion of what a chocolate should be.
5	Who could say anything bad about some of the best chocolate in US. We have been going to one Sees candy or another for over 30 years. They have always treated me well. Their place is always very clean and neat. (I tried to use a fancy word for very clean but my spell check failed to understand what I wanted). I know you are not supposed to feed a dog chocolate, but we had a dog about 15 years ago that would not eat anything but Sees. She would ignore any chocolate but Seas. When we go back east we always take about 10 boxes of Seas to our relatives. They always look forward to the Seas. Easy place to shop. You can get a box already made up and they have many different boxes to chose from or you can have them make a box up for you of all your favorites. So many choices. Go see them. Usually they give you a piece of candy while you are in the store. If you are lucky you may get two.
5	Super friendly and helpful staff.  Offers you samples when you walk in!  I found everything I needed for my Christmas list.  Dark chocolate covered almonds... My favie!
5	Personal Service... It does exist.You will never  have to ask for samples at See's Candy, however you can pig there something special you want to taste . The samples aren't the small typical sample sizes.. They are the full size chocolates.  I always manage to have a few chocolates before I make my choices on what to buy.The chocolates are sold by weight and can be ship anywhere.  See's offers speciality items at different times of the year. Be sure stop in for a visit when you want a sweet treat.  You will be very pleased with the high quality.  In fact their motto is "Quality without compromise".The service at See's  is outstanding, the staff is very friendly and very helpful. Nice to see that personal service still exist.
