4	We ordered one of everything that was left to split for dinner. The poutine with foie gras was decadent (small portion, small price). The duck was just wonderful. The pork bun (beigne) was absolutely delicious! The only down point was the rhubarb doughnut that tasted more of apple than rhubarb. Service was with a smile and quick. We'll be hunting this truck again and again. Martin Picard does it again.
5	great stuff
4	Very good eats!
5	Finally a better outlet for their foie gras poutine than its destination restaurant, APDC's poutine is priced just right at $8 per portion. I've had orange-gravy-shredded-mozz poutines for more than $8. Not typically being a fan of fancy poutine, the (large amount of) foie gras complemented well the noticeable saltiness of the gravy. The presentation was great, easily one of my favorite fancy poutines ever - not that I'd have it every day. ** Seriously, who reviews a food truck called Au Pied the Cochon for its bottle water price? Next, go review airplanes bathrooms for the comfort of their seats.
1	Dont forget the gravol after you have that. We were 5 to have it and 2 of us vomited, and it was just sitting on the stomach of the others all day. Very very overrated and expensive for nothing
5	a 5 star food truck? Only in Montreal :)The Au Pied de Cochon food truck serves heart attack on wheels. It's the best and most delicious way to live if you ask me ;)Beigne Cochon - My partner downed this in 5 seconds. Succulent and juicy said he.Poutine Foie Gras - I have to be honest, watching this dish swimming in oil was a bit of a turn off. then i had more, and more, and more, and I cant eat anything else after it but I swear to god I cant stop thinking about it now.Floater- Strawberry Soda with Ice cream. Oh drool. So sweet so thick, so yummyBeigne Fraise - Ok this here, for me, is the piece de la resistance, This is Beigne filled with soda au fraise. Please hold me while I drool myself to sleep thinking of this beaut.*Obviously don't go here if you don't like sweet, fattening delicious food. And yes, you are likely to get a heart attack or lose 5 years of your life. as long as I can eat those beigne fraise, I'm IN!
5	Really good food.I tried their foie gras poutine even though I don't like foie gras at all, I thought it was well made. Tasted very fatty and greasy, just the way it's supposed to be.I also tried a bite of their Beigne Cochon, and it does taste really good. Moist, and just... you just finish that in literally 5 seconds.Must visit if you can in the future.
3	A-ok. Portions a little small, the gravy was cold (cheese did not melt either) and the beignet Cochon too greasy. Bonus points for the concept however. Good flavours though, might have been an "off" day.
2	This is only regarding the blueberry beignets. It was 1 for 2.50 or 6 for 10, thus we got 6.It was super duper sweet and tasted basically like any fast-food donut filled with blueberry jam. My dentist would not approve =(Wish they still had Foie Gras poutine... the guy said it may come back mid 2014...
4	Sausage in a brioche, with foie gras sauce and grilled asparagusOreilles de crisse with Ranch saucePoutine Foie grasDr Pepper w/ maple syrup.The sausage was wonderful and the brioche was a nice change from your standard buns. The grilled asparagus was perfectly cooked but there was some stringiness that made cutting though it a bit of a sport. This caused a bit of a structural failure that made eating the sandwich a fun and messy affair. The poutine was too salty for my taste, there being even a bit of salt burn on the tongue. The foie gras on the poutine however was a brilliant and soft counterpoint to the saltiness, as was the hyper-sweetened soft drink. The Oreilles de Crisse were light and crunchy so texturally they were fun but again it was another experience in "too much". Deep fried fat will tend to do that.I don't know if I want to fall asleep or just curl up in a corner and have myself a heart attack. 4 stars. Would do this again.
4	After a disappointing experience at the actual restaurant I was quite pleased when the food truck lived up to the hype associated with Martin Picard's food empire.  This particular food truck is split up into two parts, savoury goods and sweet goods. One of the star food items is the famous foie gras poutine.  Prices are in line with the other food trucks in the city.Braving the crazy line-up at First Fridays I was lucky to get my hands on some of the last foie gras poutine they had.  Ever tasted something that felt so wrong yet so right all at once?  Wrong because it is so heart-attack inducing but right because it is just too delicious to pass up.  That sums up foie gras poutine.  The fries were very thick and crispy and there was just enough gravy so that they didn't get too soggy without sacrificing the taste.   There was also a good amount of cheese curds and the foie gras added a nice touch to the poutine.The portion was a little small but maybe that's best for my arteries.  The line up was insane too compared to the other food trucks there that night.  My friend and I waited two hours and like I said before we got some of the last foie gras poutine.  Those behind us who had waited the same amount of time weren't going to be so lucky.  It might be best not to visit at First Fridays but the rest of the time when they're out and about.
2	The Camion Au Pied De Cochon was parked at Dorchester Square when I saw them.  We ordered some fried pork rinds (skin I guess) dipped in a ranch flavour and some foie gras poutine.At first I really liked the pork rinds as it tasted like greasy but saltier sour cream and onion rings.  I always had a weakness for those when I was younger. However after a while, it got tired and too salty for my liking.  As for the foie gras poutine, I was not a fan of it at all.  Too heavy and rich for me.  I know that's the purpose of this restaurant, but I couldn't even have 4-5 bites. On the bright side though, is that it was reasonably priced as both dishes were under $8.50.Verdict: If you like greasy, salty food, you'll like it.  If you don't and prefer your food a bit less adventurous, then I wouldn't recommend.
1	I'll keep it short: raw foie gras on my foie gras poutine? Hahahaha, hell no.A waste of time (long lines) & money.(I still love the actual restaurant mucho though)
