5	Quality tiles for less. They have a large Selection and great prices. If you are purchasing a large amount of tiles, they will work on prices with you. The staff is Very friendly and helpful and are highly knowledgeable in what they are selling unlike other stores in the Madison area.
4	Big ups to Heather who helped my bud Ben make the biggest decision of his life... er uhm, kitchen. The biggest decision of his kitchen! I'm just going to point out that he settled on the tile I suggested after looking at their extensive inventory online before we even drove over, but I get it... you gotta go to the store, walk around for two hours, hold up 9 different samples before you truly realize how brilliant I am. And Heather was uber helpful, grabbing, suggesting, commenting, offering up different sizes. She showed us quite a range and even suggested taking home a few square foot samples to tape up in the area Ben's installing his new back splash then return the ones that don't do it. They can check inventory in Milwaukee if they don't stock what you want in Madison, and although they're enormous and chain-y, Heather gave our outing a local feel chatting about moving to Madison, asking us how we each came to settle in the Midwest. Turns out we all came from the west coast. Turns out we're not certain why ;).
4	Wow this place was overwhelming. I stopped in after finding myself largely unsatisfied with the stock options available at Home Depot (across the street!). The prices here are comparable, but the selection is waaaay more extensive. In fact, I definitely recommend perusing the offerings online before checking it out in person because it's possible to spend days here going through the various options (don't forget to consider the range of grout colors available!) and admiring the mock tiled rooms they have set up around the store. The hundreds of tiles online are all in the showroom, although be forewarned if you need more than a dozen sheets or so, you'll likely need to place an order (which you can do by phone) and wait for the shipment to come in.If you aren't trusting enough to just let Corey tell you what to buy, Heather, the friendly design consultant, is a big help. She even gave some useful (no judgment!) installation tips even a novice like me could follow. The store sells everything you need for your tiling job from mortar to trowels to buckets, but like movie theater candy, I suspect your wallet is better off coming here just for the main event.
