4	I like this place.The "SS" is a boutique hotel in Old Montreal right around the corner from Notre Dame Cathedral. The location is particularly good for tourists (business travelers might prefer something slightly more central). Services and amenities are very nicely considered.Decor is a nice mix of old world charm with contemporary flair. I particularly like the way most units are suite-like, offering minimal kitchen facilities and separate bedrooms. Units with fireplaces are especially nice during cold Montreal winters. The lobby smells like apples-and-heaven (how do they do that?) and often sees guests drinking wine in front of the cozy fire.The gym facility is well-considered with a a nice mix of cardio equipment, free weights and a few basic machines (with 24-hour access). There is a small business centre and free wi-fi. The restaurant is pleasant and would be a great place for cocktailing, and room service is accommodating (humouring my requests for health conscious entrees even while recommending great wine). Potential demerits - interior bedrooms in the suites may seem small, and we had some loud-ish street noise that I expect would be worse in summer months. Concierge did well with restaurant recommendations and staff was always on hand to offer guidance re: local attractions, general directions. If you prefer a boutique hotel to one of the major chains, this is a great option. I'm a Four Seasons girl, and the SS did OK for me.
5	After staying in a boutique hotel like the Saint Sulpice, it's hard to ever imagine staying in a Hilton/Marriot/Chain ever again! From the moment the valet took our car to the multitude of questions we asked during our stay, to genuinely polite service at every turn, this hotel made our visit to Montreal feel like home--with a maid, butler and ever-knowledgeable concierge.A word about the concierge. Being a yelper and a somewhat anal do-it-myself planning kind of person, I've never really utilized the help of the concierge during my vacations. I plan things myself and I find things to do on my own by conducting some pre-trip research. My boyfriend insisted that we "play it by ear" (a scary prospect) and so I did not look anything up. We simply asked the concierge for recommendations...and they were spot on every time!! They recommended dance clubs, fancy dinners and more casual local places for us to eat. They helped us plan our day of walking around, told us where all the touristy shopping was, as well as all of the cool townie shops. They greeted us with a big smile every time and always asked us how our day had been. The entire hotel is impeccably clean and smells delicious (like someone is constantly baking pie or mulling fresh cider). Our room was enormous! Bigger than most of my friend apartments in the city, the bedroom was separate from the living area, which had a flat-screen TV, a comfy couch, a desk (that we did not use once!) and a fire place! Though it was too cold to use it, there was also a balcony. The bathroom was huge! All tiled marble, with a separate tub (big enough for two)  and shower (big enough for four--if you're into that kind of thing) and stocked with L'Occitane products...you can always tell how nice a hotel is by the products with which they stock their bathroom!Right in the heart of Old Montreal, we were surrounded by little shops, cobblestone streets and beautiful architecture in quiet, peaceful neighborhood. We were withing minutes of Rue St. Catherine, the waterfront and public transportation (which we did not use, but always good know).Return trips to Montreal will lead me right back to Le Saint Sulpice...with all of the amenities, amazing staff and location, I've no reason to look anywhere else!
5	Oh. My. Goodness.After our first visit to the wonderful Saint Sulpice in February of 2008, we had to return in March of 2009. This delicious boutique hotel lives along Rue Saint Sulpice, right down the street from Notre-Damn. When you walk into the lobby it smells of wonderful L'Occitane lotions and soaps (which they provide you with in your beautiful hotel room). Truly, I can't say enough good things about this place. The 'S' Restaurant is amazing from the food to the wine. It was here that my boyfriend and I discovered Torbreck Juveniles wine ... oh so good. They also had a complimentary breakfast bar every morning and they had a large selection to choose from. I cant wait to go back!!!!
4	A lovely hotel in an ideal location.  A couple of problems marred the perfection, though.  1) The bed in our room was a Murphy-style bed that could fold into the wall. Ideal for business meetings, not so ideal for us on our romantic child-free getaway. The mattress was like a futon to sleep on, really hard and uncomfortable.  2) The "free wi-fi" in the room did not work well at all, and the business center had only ONE computer, which meant that there was nearly always a wait for me to get on and see what Yelpers recommended.On the plus side, the complimentary breakfast buffet was great, I had croissants and brie every morning.  Some of the desk staff was helpful, others either knew nothing or spoke little English.
4	Great hotel. Clean rooms (including carpet, contrary to what we saw on trip advisor). One lady at the front desk on check in seemed slightly rude; but otherwise we have been treated extremely well, by uniformly polite people. The suite (deluxe) is beautiful and quiet. We have dogs, who feel totally at home here. The cleaning staff so far have accommodated our schedule. All in all, nice hotel.
5	Perfect location in Vieux Montreal.  Wonderfully attentive bi-lingual service.  Amazingly large rooms.  A shower with water pressure forceful enough to blow you clear across the bathroom.  In room kitchenette with Nespresso coffee makers.  Free wifi.  Dog-friendly.  It's all here at Le Saint-Sulpice wrapped up in a tastefully decorated skin.  The place even smells lovely with the subtle scents of L'Occitane wafting across the air. This was my second stay here, and I'll be back.  Sans doute!
5	Highly recommend this well located, high-touch, great hotel.Excellent location - just steps away from the Basilica de Notre Dame and in the other direction, from the main street in the old town, Rue St. Paul (restaurants, shops, galleries, watefront).   About four blocks from an easy to access Metro that will get you anywhere you want to go.Very chic, peaceful and great attention to detail.  Wonderful staff, attentive concierge, and always great smelling and looking candles burning. Our large suite had a murphy bed and a pull out couch (perfect for the kids) a small kitchen with fridge, dishes, espresso maker (great espresso), stove, a couch, two flat screen tvs and french doors that opened onto a view of a nice back patio.  The lobby has one computer with a printer and a nice looking bar and comfortable couches to lounge in.Excellent hotel...reasonable price for what you get...highly recommend.
5	Just came back from a fabulous trip to Montreal and stayed with St Sulpice for 3 nights.  Gorgeous hotel with great service.  Had a great view of the street, with window to open and view.  Had free wifi, which was very helpful since we were roaming and international.  Had a full kitchen to cook and a fire place :)  Fabulous location to almost everything.  I highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay there again if I came to visit Canada.
3	Everything at the hotel was great until we experienced the service at the breakfast buffet. Both the terrace and the other breakfast location had one of the most horrible service I have ever experienced !! The waiters and waitresses were unequipped, rude and made us feel completely unwelcome. My cousin was having her wedding close to the hotel so we had a big party there. I thik it's a shame that such a wonderful place has such unwelcoming staff !!!
5	Great hotel, perfect location.  The hotel reception was great with the valet and concierge. The rooms are much larger than I expected. We also were surprised by the little amenities like the Nespresso machine and L'Occitane products. Book here and you will be happy.
5	I will never stay at another hotel in Montreal. Le St. Sulpice was everything I could ask for. The receptionist was so helpful at 2 a.m. when we were completely lost trying to find the hotel. Once you do find it, you will see how perfect the location is right at the heart of Old Montreal. The price was very reasonable for the size of the room and every person I staff I had the opportunity to speak with was super helpful and kind. This hotel has won me over.
1	- Room was dingy, oddly laid out, with a tiny, dirty bathroom.- Giant cart of dirty towels sat outside out room from check-in until 11pm or so, even after we asked for the removal of them.- Front entrance and bar reek of some sort of cheap scent. Anyone with allergies should avoid.- Bartender did not know basic drinks, like an old-fashioned.- We had room service for dinner and breakfast - very slow, presentation was not on par with a "luxury" experience in ANY way. Very very sub par experience.- Extremely noisy from the street outside all night - until about 4am.
3	Lovely hotel. Amazingly helpful staff. The noise level from the street is extremely high. Beware. Otherwise this is a perfect location. Great for young travelers, not good for older folks or someone who needs their rest.
5	This hotel was amaaaaay-zing.The moment I stepped into the lobby, I felt like a princess (until I realized I looked nothing like princess, which made me feel cheap). Everything looked luxurious, and the staff was really nice and polite.We went into the hotel room, and damn, it was really nice and confortable. A bit small, but cozy. There was a big window that faced another hotel and gave a view on the street which gave lots of light to the room. The bed and the pillows were so cozy that I ended up taking two pillows with me when I left. There was one of those cute, fake fireplaces (which I would have adored even more if it was a real one) that added to the romance of the room. I was very impressed by the hotel. It's definitely a 5-stars hotel!
5	Awesome stay. Exceeded expectations. Wireless is reliable and fast. Rooms clean. Recommendations spot on. Water every night free and turn down service
5	Could not have asked for a better hotel experience. This hotel is in a perfect location, within steps to St. Paul street where there are tons of restaurants, cafe's and bars. It's also walking distance one of the entrances which leads to the miles long underground mall.The staff was exceptional and was as to check us in two hours early as well as give some great recommendations of places to go. They were also great about having the car ready for us at a moments notice.The room was perfect. Clean, spacious, large windows and the perfect set up for two people to sleep in separate rooms. They came to the room rag night at 9pm to turn down the sofa bed and were as polite as could be when asking what time they should come. Being that I shared the room with a buddy, this set up was perfect.The rooms have a lot of character them and aren't your typical W type rooms. They're just as elegant, but in a more interesting way. Old mixed with new, and done perfectly. The bar in the hotel was also an awesome experience. The manager stopped by to strike up convo with me and the guys. Gave  us great recommendations of places to go and even wrote down directions for us.Excellent experience at this place, they nailed it.
3	Big rooms. They give you three free espresso and 2 tea bags. They have lots of furniture in the room. The concierge is helpful. Really good location to restaurants and old Montreal. There is a fireplace too in the room.
5	This was really a great hotel. The location in old montreal is perfect for walking everywhere in the area for sightseeing or to bars, restaurants and museums. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Our room was huge, and we had a fireplace which was nice. We were on the 4th floor and faced the street, we didnt hear much street noise as others have complained about, but that might be because we were higher up and also it is April so its not really the busy season. I would definitely stay here again if I was in Montreal.
4	A great location in Old Montreal next to Notre Dame.  A nice boutique feel with friendly service.  Each room is slightly different, but all very comfortable.  The bar in lobby is cozy.  The breakfast is European style buffet with a very nice selection.
5	One of the best hotels that I have ever stayed at! Prime location--all the restaurants, bars, and shops are right outside your door. Friendly staff--everyone was always happy and willing to help. The rooms were large, clean, and beautiful! I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Montreal!
