5	This restaurant is located in the bottom floor of the Gateway Village apartments. It's not a buffet, which is definitely a plus in my book. The food is excellent: the noodles are firm and sticky, the crab rangoon is light and crispy, the wings are big and meaty, and all the soups are fresh and delicious. As far as the main dishes go, all of the meat/seafood has been top quality, and the veggies are fresh and crispy. I particularly like the Garlic Shrimp and the Cashew Nut Chicken, though I change it up often because everything is so good. They even have brown rice, which not all places do (you have to ask for it specifically).The staff is friendly and quick, and the store itself is spotless.
2	Exactly what you'd expect from a fast-foody looking Chinese restaurant: fast good, mediocre quality. But it's not as bad as you may fear. A lot of their stuff seemed pretty fresh and not as greasy as most similar Chinese restaurants, which was a huge plus for me. I stopped in a couple of weeks ago and my meal wasn't terrible, so decent in fact that we ordered in recently (super fast delivery--the food was pipin' hot!). Again, if you're in the mood for a nice chinese meal, head elsewhere. But if you want a quick chinese option, this place is perfect. And that's saying a lot. I loved the Chicken Kung Pao, and the noodles were actually pretty decent, too. Most of all, the people who work there are super sweet, which makes going there a pleasant experience (although i wouldn't suggest eating there; it's like a cafeteria).
4	I love the Gateway Village area, and I love Great Wok. It's fast and good, and it's the typical Chinese takeout menu. Nothing too fascinating, but a solid menu.My favorite is the Curry Tofu. It's just spicy enough, and the portion size is big enough that when I order this dish for lunch, I usually have leftovers for dinner. They've got a kind of cool frequent diner reward card, where you get your 11th meal free after you purchase 10. I'm a sucker for these kinds of deals...my wallet is bursting at the seams with them. Gateway Village somehow makes you feel like you've gotten away from uptown, which is nice for lunch breaks. Visit Great Wok, get your generic Chinese yummy, and go eat in the graveyard nearby for an awesome noon hour.
4	I used to live about 100 feet from this place.  I loved it - their Chicken and Broccoli and their beef and broccoli are excellent.  They have great fried rice and spring rolls also.  It is pretty inexpensive and they get your food ready quickly!  This place does most of its business at lunch so if you are going for lunch plan to arrive a little early.  There will be a line out the door during most "normal" lunch hours.
1	I'll preface with this was my first visit - so maybe a 2nd chance is in order?? I got a lunch special: - $7.05 for a lunch special!! It does not come with a drink at the price either!- They gave me the wrong order - I suppose my fault for not checking before I left with the takeout (but they did charge me for what I ordered).- The fried rice was very weak - it was more like off-white rice with a piece of egg and a pea (I think those may have fallen in).- They gave me sweet and sour chicken - not anything worth talking about.Maybe others have had a better experience - but don't know, there has not been a posted review in several months prior to mine. I'm going back to Fortune Cookie - farther for me, but always good.
1	This place is overly priced for poorly prepared food. When I order a Szeuchwan Beef, I expect the beef ratio to be greater than that of the veggies that accommodate. Tofu has always been served overcooked. Most recently, it was as if I were chewing on rubber. Also think the lunch and dinner combos aren't a great deal, seeing that drinks are not offered with the combos.The only positive side of this place is that the people who work there are normally friendly. It's unfortunate that their food isn't up to par.
2	Yelp gives this place some better than average reviews.  The staff is really nice and friendly and the food was prepared relatively quickly.  I had the Singapore Special Noodles and my GF had the beef and broccoli.  Mine was cooked well and they kicked up the spice like i asked, but it was WAY TOO SALTY.  My GF's was too salty as well and said the dish had an "odd/off-putting" flavor to it.  I *may* give this place one more try in case this was an off-day.
4	This place will surely become our go-to for Chinese. We tried the chicken and broccoli, the curry chicken and the gobi manchurian (dry). I was skeptical of the gobi manchurian, but it was amazing. Quite a bit spicy, but excellent. In fact, everything was excellent and out very fast! It is definitely a great take-out place. Perfect for wanting to stay in, but have also wanting to have good food.
2	After many years of not going to Great Wok...I was convinced that I had to give them another try.  I was pleased with my dish...and the service was good.  I had a paneer masala which is not a typical dish you would find made in a wok house.  The tomato base was good.  the rice was served just as I like it.  I would give a higher rating...but as I waited for my food...(just about 10-12 minutes) I noticed an open door to the kitchen back room area.  There was a large tray of uncooked chicken sitting on top of a waste bin.  I was glad I was not having chicken.  I think the inspectors would have given them -8 points for improper storage.  I would like to return....but it will be difficult considering their handling of the food items. So...back to not visting the Wok again.  Sad.
5	Due to the convenience of parking right out front, I get takeout from here at least once a week. The new Indian fusion dishes are great. Gobi Manchurian is my personal favorite. Crunchy, spicy, with a sweet-ish sauce and fresh cilantro. It's best either eaten fresh in the restaurant or re-crisped in a 400 degree oven. I also like to get steamed veggies with sauce on the side to take home and doctor according to my preferences for a quick and lighter meal. The owners and people working here are so nice. They're happy to do special orders.
4	Great little "fast food" restaurant in the Gateway area of Charlotte. Eat in or take out, and you can order online. Standard Chinese menu along with some really great Indonesian items as well. I had the Gobi Manchurian and the Szechwan Chicken..Plenty of spice and really good flavor. Many items have a small and large option
1	The food is average. Worst part is those stupid waitresses there. They are the meanest people in the entire experience.  I advice my friends also not to go there - and go downtown to someplace else. They should learn how to work in serve in the restaurant
4	Great service.   Online ordering is awesome.   Delivery is not always available but the location at Gateway is super convenient for pickup.   Some of the best Hot and Sour soup around!
3	Great wok isn't great it's just kinda alright. If you're just craving some Chinese food and you happen to be nearby, this is a good place to go. It's fairly priced. The portions are enough. There's a lot of seating and they have a nice selection of dishes to choose from.My only complaint is their vegetables which have been hard every time I get it.
5	I have to say this place is really a hidden treasure. The people are super friendly and the food is really good. It's take out but it's much better than a lot of sit down places in the city. We had the Pad Se Ewe, General Tso Chicken, and the Thai Red Curry with veg and tofu. Not too salty and perfect spice level and the veggies aren't over cooked. Portions were a nice size and worth the price. We have plenty of leftovers. I don't understand the bad reviews. Our experience was awesome. Plus if you sit outside they are dog friendly.  They even came out to check on us. I'll be going back weekly.
3	Great Wok is an okay option if you are in the Gateway Village part of Charlotte and need to grab some lunch. They have a pretty quick turn around on orders, though mistakes may be made.The food quality is okay. The vegetables are definitely come from frozen. The sauces aren't all the best (General Tso's was no good). But they do offer a diverse menu. So far the one winner I had from here was the vegetable curry. After a couple tries, I have decided their tofu dishes are not worth ordering.There is seating inside, if you choose to dine in, however, you are in Gateway Village and unless it's raining there is probably a better place to site outside. All and all, a nice place for a quick lunch. Oh, and they have smoothies.
1	What an absolute disappointment. We decided to order delivery & should have known from the girl on the phone, who told me to call back in five minutes because she was too busy, to her taking my address and then putting someone else on the phone because she was too confused. I had to give my address and order AGAIN!We ordered the wonton soup, some shrimp rolls, which had not one piece of shrimp and the Happy Family. The Happy Family was an utter disaster. The veggies were so undercooked I think they just took them out of a frozen bag. As for the meats, which included chicken, shrimp, pork, and steak, all frozen and somewhat fatty pieces. And, the fried rice, basically white rice with soy sauce dressed on it, not one egg, pea or carrot, something typically found in fried rice. Stay away, not worth the price at all!!
3	My nickname for this place is Satisfactory Wok. It's really close to my apartment, so I was hoping this would become my new go-to for when I don't feel like cooking or get a craving for Chinese. The service is quick and the prices are very reasonable, but I haven't been back since my initial visit. The food was fine (hence the nickname), but there are other spots Uptown at a similar price point with better-than-satisfactory food.
4	Ordered Hunan Beef and Hot N Sour soup takeout.  The order was ready when I arrived, ten minutes later and man was it good!  The vegetables in the Hunan Beef were al dente as they should be, the beef was good, and the brown sauce was excellent.  A great garlic flavor. Really enjoyed this version as much as any I've had. The Hot N Sour soup was good. They threw in a couple extra chili sauces so I could kick it up a bit. The prices are good, too: $9.95 for the large Hunan Beef and $4.50 for a quart of soup.  Not bad.This is a very casual place where you order at the counter. Not fancy, but don't let the casual, fast food appearance fool you, the food is great. They also have online ordering and delivery.  They also have Thai, Japanese, and Indian dishes on the menu.  This would be my regular delivery Chinese if I lived nearby.
