5	I live here and I love it!  Great staff, great location and nothing to complain about! :)
1	Trust me when I say that riverstone is awful in customer service.  I won't choose them again.  They care very little for the residents which is apparent in the way they handle things. There is no security on the property and there are tons of kids here, no playground and old charcoal grills that are about 15 years old and full of cob webs. I pay over $1200 a month and have to deal with all of this when I could find a rental house. Stephanie Baird is the main supervisor for the property and I tried getting ahold of her several times. 2 voicemails and 3 emails...no response. That's horrible customer service. Busy or not, if your job is customer service, you don't just ignore issues.  That's the mentality here.  We've had to listen to jackhammers every morning at 7am for a 4 month project.  No one can sleep with that kind of noise. Cars get broken into and anyone can get on property grounds.  I was one day late paying rent. I have never been late in almost 2 years. They took away the drop box so I had to wait until mon. I got charged a $75 late fee PLUS tax! When I told them I couldn't afford that and asked if they could work with me, I was given Stephanie's number and she never repulsed to me.  They want everyone to pay online which isn't an option for me due to my circumstances.  I really thought they could lower the excessive fee or waive it since it was the first time.  NopeGood luck searching, but stay away from riverstone
1	I really wish I could leave negative stars for this place. If you're thinking of renting here...look elsewhere. I've lived here 2 years and my lease is almost up (woo hoo) and I've found so many options for condos and town homes much better and a lot cheaper. When I submitted my notice I wasn't aware it had to be 60 days notice and I only gave 45. Bc of this I was told as of the last day of my lease I would have to go on month to month rent for 2 weeks after but I could still leave before that. When I inquired how much month to month rent was I was told $1900!! I almost cried. As a single mom raising 3 kids, my $1200 was a stretch but now $1900 prorated. Outrageous! I thought they could make an exception since I wasn't trying to break my lease and 45 data is sufficient notice but was told no by the unfriendly and rude leasing agent who still asks me my apt number every time I come in after 2 years of living here. So impersonal. If you look on craigslist you'll find that every other listing is for this property so they must have tons of availability. Take that as a hint that people aren't happy here. I just had a 9 year old boy throw rocks on my brand new car and cause $2900 worth of damage. I was told there's a peeping tom that lives here and a homeless man who was living behind bushes at the pool. This is definitely not a safe environment. And, if I wanted to listen to loud music and motorcycles I'd live by asu.  Beware...construction on an enormous project is just beginning across the  street which is already causing a lot of traffic and will most likely be going on for a long time
