5	Elizabeth from The Botanical Emporium did my wedding flowers and they were absolutely beautiful! They were so easy to work with and made me feel completely at ease. My flowers were everything I ever wanted and more. When I saw my bouquet it actually brought tears to my eyes! The greenhouse is amazing!  I very highly recomend the Botanical Emporium for all of your floral needs.
4	I hired Elizabeth to do the wedding centerpieces for my wedding.  The flowers and prices were great.  You can beat her price, and she does a fantastic job with the centerpieces.  She's a bit eccentric, so if you were an uptight bride I would go elsewhere.
5	What a cool place! I have NO green thumb WHATSOEVER, but had passed by for about a year now since I moved to Dormont and had always thought the shop looked cute. Now was my chance as I needed a last minute Christmas present for my grandma. The place is larger than you think from the outside. They actually have a whole outdoor area that's covered for the winter with many different plants I couldn't identify. I thought the owner was super duper sweet and just really energetic. Her and another staff member helped me pick out a plant that was in a vase, not in a pot, and looked really cool and modern. I loved it and had a fleeting thought to pick one up myself... if I wouldn't kill it (which I probably would!). I had commented about a table full of vases filled with what looked like works of art. They turned out to be flower displays for hotels, but man where they cool. If I was doing an event or having a wedding, that's exactly what I would have wanted. They just looked really modern but creative. They also have some winged friends you can say hi to, including one screaming one in the back that you can't see. Kinda creepy, but I guess that comes with a unique shop! I will absolutely be back to pick up items for people and consider them for any events I have coming up.
1	I used to live in the area and would always patronize and recommend this business.  However with the last experience I will have to rethink that. My aunt and uncle ordered a gift basket for my grandmother for her birthday. When it was delivered it looked beautiful.  However once opened not so much.  Inside it was filled with....Dollar General brand goods. When I stopped down to tell them the owner and another worker told me what do you expect. If it was a busy season we would have gotten stuff from the strip. So moral of the tale. If you want to pay a whole lot of money for stuff from the Dollar Store you know where to go. To make it even more special the owner will provide a blank stare and a warm welcoming attitude that clearly shows she does not care.
