4	A great subway location!!  I like the fact that they offer to toast (not forced on you like Quiznos).
4	place is maintained clean. The quality of subs are really good. It has all the spanish staff so we had some confusion in our order but in the end it was all good. :). subway is always the life saviour with $5 subs.
5	This review isn't for Subway in general but this location specifically. I have closer Subways to me but this location surpasses them on service. They know me by name now, remember what sandwich I like, and that I am a student at UNLV. All meaningless things, sure, but the fact they took time to remember deserves my business. The employees are always in a good mood and the owner and her family, mainly her daughter, are so friendly. They truly make you feel like part of their extended family. As for the food, its made neatly yet it tastes the same as the others. The presentation is definitely better and the restaurant is clean and organized.
5	This is a very nice Subway. I stopped in here after work one night and was in desperate need of sandwiches for me and my fiance. I happened to have one of those buy-one-get-one coupons I received in the mail and the worker here was very happy to honor the coupon. He didn't even really look at it.The sandwiches were made very well and the young man behind the counter was very jovial and nice to me. I was afraid it was maybe a bit too late and they were closing, but he ensured me all was good and they were actually open for another hour.Honestly I've been to a lot of Subways, but this one in particular is being run by very good management because it shows in the decorum of their employees AND the fresh/well put together sandwiches.
1	How much money for a big ball of bread with a .001 inch thick layer of meat on it?  NO THANK YOU.
5	This was thee best experience I've ever had at subway! The two young ladies working there, mother and daughter, were amazing, I just don't think people appreciate how hard it is to make a 2 minute sandwich to the customers preferences while making another customers 2 minute sandwich. Truly great and I will definitely be back to this subway before going to any other.
5	I give this location 5 stars for their superior customer service!  The food quality is great as well.  What a nice visit - the Tuscan chicken sanwich is awesome!
5	Ah who doesn't love subway? It's fresh and convenient as always the veggie patty foot long never let's me down. Love their honey oat bread toasted with pepper jack cheese. Here's a photo. I put all my veggies with the exception of pickles :) make it more healthier by not adding any mayo just olive oil for your digestive system and sprinkle a little salt and pepper and whoala!
