5	I had some surgery done here about 6 weeks ago. I have not had too much hospital experience. I have had a few here and there,more when I was younger.But, I have had many friends that have had surgery at different places around the Valley.I feel very lucky to of experienced the Piper Center.They have free parking for starters. We had to be there @5:30 am. I was the first surgery of the day. (for my Dr. at least)It was warm inside and they had Coffee and Water. I could not partake but, good for my boyfriend because, he is not used to being up so early.Everyone of the Nurses in the pre surgery Dept. were so nice!  I mean honestly, everyone of them. It was amazing. They explained everything. Made sure you were staying warm, told you what everything was for. If I ever had to have anything done again , this is where I would want to go.I was only in the hospital here for 2 days. My Nurses there were great as well. Some were super great, only one was not happy, turned out she was an M.A.She woke me up at 3am to walk. Because, she forgot to do it at 8pm the night before.Don't get me wrong I love M.A.'s (my daughter is an M.A.But, she was not on my Happy list.I had a private room, with a TV, Music, and a phone. I did not even turn the TV on till the 2nd day. Way too out of it.The food was even really good. I only ate once and that was day 2 but, it was hot and the fruit was fresh.It was also very clean here, which I find is a major A Plus.The most wonderful thing though was the staff. They were helpful, friendly, and made me smile. I was very grateful for them.
5	I recently had major surgery at Piper and stayed overnight upstairs in their 9-bed facility.  At every step I was treated with kindness and compassion.  The medical care I received was amazing.  My overnight stay, upstairs, was quiet and stress-free, unlike a normal hospital stay.  I am amazed by this facility.  From the first minute to the last, my family and I were extremely satisfied.
5	I checked in yesterday morning for outpatient surgery and it was as positive as a surgery process could be.  The nurses were all extremely friendly and helpful.  They got me warm and comfy before heading off to the operating room.  Post-op, they brought me juice and ice chips.  They were also wonderful about coordinating with my husband to pick me up.
5	Had knee reconstruction for torn ACL and meniscus this past Wednesday, 1/8/14.This facility doesn't feel like a hospital at all; it is very calm and crisp from the moment you set foot inside.The entire process (beginning from registration paperwork to discharge) was seamless and very well orchestrated. All staff members were very comforting and helpful along the way.The facility is located right on Shea (off of 101), which is literally down the road from my house in Fountain Hills.I did a Pre-op pregnancy test and accidentally spilled pee-pee everywhere. With my cheeks on fire from embarrassment, I began ripping out paper towels to cover my boo-boo. One of the RNs told me, "That's all right baby - it's just a little pee-pee". Sooo nice!They have these paper smock Warmers that connect to ur robe if you're cold. Since I was freezing, I partook and it was heavenly!!My anesthesiologist came back and gave me my leg block. Not the most comforting thing, but it was sorta trippy to not feel my R leg.Next thing I know, I'm waking up in Recovery and comforted by a nurse. Leg hurt like hell and I was offered morphine and apple juice on ice. Nice.
4	Considering that a surgical center is never going to be a fun experience, Piper surgery center did manage to make it as pleasant as possible.  I was first pleased with the minimal time spent in the waiting room.  Usually, when I see a doctor of any kind, I spend more time in the waiting area than the exam room. But they literally had me checked in only 5 minutes after my arrival.They have a security guard that personally takes your valuables (rings, keys, credit cards, etc) and locks them up for safe keeping and piece of mind (because of course they are not responsible).Their gowns are typical hospital gowns at first sight. However, they actually have a ventilation system that blows air into them.  You are given a remote to control the temperature of this air.  Unfortunately, I was unknowingly laying on this remote and thus unaware of its existence...the air blowing into my gown was very warm. At first, this pleased me because I  typically run cold and it was nice to feel warmth.  But, after 10 minutes, it became extremely hot and sweaty under my gown, and I started to feel concerned about potentially emitting unappealing body odors.  But the nurses are so friendly that I was not embarrassed for more than one second after they laughed and showed me how to adjust my air flow.  The air can become quite cold, very fast, so be careful.The best part though was the end.  At Piper, they are very eager to get rid of you.  I awoke in a little bit of pain, and a lot of fog, to have my previously locked up valuables placed on my chest and a nurse handing me my underwear.  There is very little time for moaning or groaning - they call your ride (if they are not in the waiting room) and before you can even tell what is really going on, you are seated in the car and on your way home.  Or, in my case, to the Chik Filet drive cone for a vanilla soft serve ice cream cone. There is also a very cute man nurse.Not sure if this is a positive or negative thing when you are overheating a backless gown though!
5	If outpatient surgery could be called a pleasure, this was!  The people who took care of me, from check-in through release, were detailed in their explanations each step along the way.  I was asleep before I rolled through the doors to the operating room  and woke up in recovery afterwards. With the medication they gave me, I was not nauseous on the way home and was slightly groggy for just a few minutes.  The instructions they provided have me feeling good and it is just the day after surgery.I am so glad my primary physician recommended Dr. Andrew Smith and that he works with Piper Surgery Center.Especially after some bad experiences with the Abrazzo group in the past, both their doctors office and Paradise Valley hospital, this experience was not only better, it was top of the line.
2	So I understand that medical bills are always high...but my jaw was on the floor when I received my itemized bill!   For example, remember the "best part" of my experience, mentioned in my review as the recovery room where they were very "eager" to "get rid" of me?  I was literally brought outside, placed in my husband's car, and driven off before I completely even woke up?Those 10 minute in the recovery room cost over $2,500!  That is...$4.10 per second.  PER SECOND.Yeah yeah, insurance, yeah...that covers 20%.  At the hospital, they quoted me $600.  And then they ended up billing me $800.  The whole thing is whack!  Next time, I will just ask to be put to be placed curbside instead.
5	i absolutely love this facility.  the staff are so kind and loving. i love how the child life specialist talk to the children about what they are about to go through it made this process so much easier!!!!
