3	This place is just starting to come back.  When it opened, Jay was the owner and it was fabulous.  He sold the business and left back to Korea and the quality slipped, a TV was put in on the wall and the food started to stink, literally.  Soon after the health department had a big problem with their cleanliness.We quit going for almost a year then stopped in and found a new Japanese sushi chef in charge.  The TV was now TWO TV's but the food was very good.  They still have the all you can eat sushi for $22.95 but we've never tried that.  We always order off the menu and its been very good as of late.  Try the churashi sushi for a change...tea is very good, miso soup is average, sake selection is the usual hakatsuru which is fine with me.  Haven't seen the crazy milk (sake) there lately but it was a favorite.  Not many selections beyond the basic fish.  The new chef does make a smashing quail egg however.
4	All you can eat (A.Y.C.E) or order off the menu.I am a big sushi fan and normally won't do anything "all you can eat"  but this was a great spot.  "Park", the sushi chef, even let us order some things that weren't on the regular AYCE menu.Cold beer and several Sake choices both cold and hot.Will be back for sure.
4	Sushi Q was suggested to me by a regular customer. She and I share similar tastes in food and would often see each other at our neighborhood sushi favorite, Hana. Always up for a new food experience, I went to Sushi Q with my partner tonight and was pleasantly surprised.It's one of those unassuming, stuck-in-a-strip-mall-in-an-odd-part-of-town places -- tucked away between a liquor store and baskin-robbins on 19th avenue, just south of dunlap. Inside is a somewhat typical looking sushi place, a little dated but with a nice enough wooden sushi bar and some cute japanese accents (geisha prints, sake bottles, row of cute fortune cat figures.)My partner had already arrived and was enjoying a couple items off the all-you-can-eat menu, so I decided to join him. I'm not much of an all-you-can eat person, but somehow it seems OK here - and a decent bargain at $25 per person. I'm happy to say that it was a smart decision as everything we had was really good to delicious. Not to mention a great way to sample items on the sushi menu. (AYCE menu is a bit more limited than regular sushi menu, but still offers a good variety of items)You'll find most of the usual suspects on the AYCE sushi menu, plus a variety of specialty rolls. Salmon and albacore nigiri, spicy tuna handroll and agadashi tofu were all very good (though agadashi was really just tempura tofu with dipping sauce). Red Snapper nigiri was outstanding -  fresh light fish with a citrus ponzu, green onion and bit of sriracha for just the right kick. Also really enjoyed the Hot Night roll - spicy tuna, crab and avocado deep fried and topped with spicy mayo, sriracha and sesame seeds - yum! what's not to like about that?There's also a small but decent selection of sake and beer here, and prices are very reasonable compared to other sushi spots in town. Our server and sushi chef were very nice and helpful, and I have a feeling that the more we come back, the more we'll feel like family. And I can tell you now, we'll be back many times...
2	Went there last Friday, had the ACYE, and to tell the truth it was just OK. They cautioned me at the start that I should tell them when I was getting full, made two rolls at a time, and each was, well, just OK. The standout was the Alaska roll, with beautifully marinated salmon and a spicy crab mix inside. The rest was rather blah, and I walked away about $30 lighter with tip and still craving good sushi. I'll try them again but if the next experience is like the first that's it for them.
2	Okay, it was a close Sushi place and I was in the mood for Sushi. So what the heck, the reviews were so-so and I thought I would give it a try. I debated for way to long on weather to just order rolls or do the AYCE method. I decided that I could just eat a couple of rolls and be happy so I ordered a couple of everyday rolls. A California Hand-roll, Philadelphia Roll and a Tootsie Roll. The Tootsie Roll was far sweeter than any Tootsie Roll I've had in the past, in fact too sweet, I think it set the stage for the rest. The California Hand-roll was pretty good, it's pretty basic and easy enough, and it really didn't disappoint. The Philadelphia Roll is one of my favorites in general and it was okay. Service was pretty slow, but everyone was very friendly and you could tell the regulars as they interacted with the staff quite a bit and really enjoyed themselves. The fact that they have regulars and are quite friendly is a testament to them. Personally, I didn't come out of there thinking, man I have to go back it was that good. I would go back if I was eating with someone that wanted to eat there, but it won't be a place that I will necessarily recommend.
3	Decent basic sushi and sashimi.  To me, sashimi is the best measuring stick.  If the raw fish isn't good, well then why eat there.  of the sashimi combo, the salmon, hamachi, and tataki were all very good.  The ahi was OK - it tasted fresh and had a decent texture (I hate mealy ahi) but the flavor was just ok.  The mucho salmon role was very tasty, though with a bit more sauce than I prefer (an easy fix).  The seaweed salad was tasty, though not a big variety of seaweed, mostly just the bright green grass-like type.  The hot tea was excellent, and served in a  big pot. Will I go there again?  Heck yes, for a quick, healthy, relatively inexpensive meal.  Will I go there when I'm craving fabulous fish or creative dishes?  Not the place for that.I must admit I haven't been here for a year or so because I'd been very unhappy with the food since the original owner sold the place.  The previous time I visited the smell of bleach seared my nostrils and I thought "what the..???"  I spied in the back room that they were bleaching the table linens, spraying beach from a bottle.  Peee-ew.  Happily this is no longer the practice and the food was enjoyable.
5	I LOVE this place! I've been here about 10 times. I'll come with my mother & I've brought 3 different friends here too.I'll really can't remember everything I've tried here but I'll try to get most.Soup:Miso $1.50 - Only had once but remember liking it.Drinks:I always order iced tea.I've gotten hot tea 1 time & will NEVER order it again. It tasted like sulfurous barf. My mom & I were a little grossed out by it.Their sake is ok. Not really my style though. They do have a sake bomber special but I can't remember the price.Rolls:Alaska $9.50 - GoodCalifornia $4.25 - Always great.Dragon $9.95 - My fave roll. Won't leave until I get this 1.Dunlap $8.95 - I always get this mixed up with the Dragon but this is good too.Philadelphia $5.95 - I like it, a friend of mine likes it, my mother did not.Rainbow $9.75 - Always good. Love getting this 1 because it's a variety all in 1!Tootsie $5.95 - Good, not a huge fan.Tuna $3.95 - Simple but good.I believe my mother & I got a Hawaiian $8.50 once & we didn't like it.Also, I can't remember the name but I've gotten a California roll topped with roe. That was good too. My friend wasn't sure he'd like it so the chef gave him a spoonful of roe to taste.I know I've had a few more but can't remember which is which.Nigiri & Sashimi:Tuna - I don't always get this.Shrimp - I don't always get this either.Fresh water eel about $4.95 I think - I will always get 1 of these. Sometimes 2 orders.Salmon - My fave after the eel.I've either gotten squid or octopus 1 time but it was hard to eat so I haven't tried again. It was tasty though.Inari about $2-3 - I love this no matter where I go. Sometimes it's been packed full of rice & chilled. Other times a little skinny & room temp if they're in a hurry :(The people working are always friendly. Sit at the bar if you want to talk to the chefs.I like sitting at the bar, my mother likes a table though.There are 2 tv's if that's important to you. I've asked to change the channel & they've let me.I've done the all you can eat (AYCE) for $25.95. It wasn't worth it. I've never done it again. No way can I eat that much. Don't think you can take leftovers home from the AYCE either. But why would you have leftovers anyway?!If something isn't on the menu you choose (green is AYCE, white is not) you can write it in or ask for it.
5	I've eaten here probably 30 times over the last 3-4 years.  It's virtually the only place I regularly go for Sushi.  I've enjoyed Sushi all over the world, and while there is definitely better sushi, there is not better value.  So my review is really around the all you can eat Sushi.  I mean, it's virtually the same individual sushi prices you can get anywhere, for same quality, and perhaps cooler settings.  So there are dozens of places to go if you just want to order off the menu.But where Sushi Q stands out is it's all you can eat.  Because unlike many places, it's really all you can eat of virtually all the sushi.  Handrolls, dozens of traditional rolls, about 15 varieties of fish over small pieces, miso soup, tempura, etc... all included for $24 for lunch, and I think about $27 for dinner.  And unlike many all you can eat sushi places, they don't lay it out on platters... it's all hand made, in front of you, and delivered on little wooden platters.  Cool.   So it's the same experience as ordering off the menu a la carte at a traditional sushi house. The fish put on each piece is generous... thickly cut given the amount of rice.  It may not be the very highest quality of sushi, but at 1/3 the price, what do you expect.  It's still damn good, even for a guy who loves sushi and has tried it all over the world like me.  Hell, I'd come here twice a week if I could afford it.If you are a big sushi eater, come here, take a couple hours to enjoy endless plates of handmade sushi, down a $6 large saki bomber special to go with it, and pay 1/3 the "full price" you would have paid a la carte.And know there are few places that offer better Sushi Valley, in the US, let alone the Valley, than Sushi Q.
5	I have been going here for years and have always really enjoyed myself! The fish is good and is on bar with the overpriced places in Scottsdale without the price tag. I was a little wary of the All-You-Can-Eat, but its a fair deal if you can eat a lot of sushi. I found the best trick is to order in rounds otherwise your eyes can be bigger than your stomach
5	I think they're starting to remember me.Yellow tail - Yummy! I'm gonna get this again.Eel Tempura roll $8.95 - This comes warm & covered in crispy tempura. It was really good. Think this 1 was cut into 4 or 5 pieces.Rock n' Roll roll $9.95 - This has shrimp tempura in it & it's really good. It was cut into 5 pieces.Dragon roll $9.95 - Great, like always. They usually cut it up into 8 pieces.
4	Great little sushi spot with a heck of an all-u-can eat deal.  I like it.  The staff is great, the food is great quality and the prices are fair.  My only complaint: Nearly every time I leave Sushi Q I get hit up by the pan handlers working the liquor store next door.  4 stars for price, quality, and staff.
3	I'll be back for a second try when in Phoenix.Everything was actually very good.  Their "All You Can Eat" is slightly limited in terms of options but there's enough available to make you happy.We'll see you next time Sushi Q......
3	I like fish. Raw, fresh fish. When I saw a sushi joint a minute away from the office I had to give it a shot. Sushi Q is an unassuming restaurant located in a strip mall. I was pleasantly surprised by the interior. It was clean and nicely decorated. Eager to eat I took a seat at the sushi bar. I ordered Yellow tail, salmon, a Vegas roll and some Miso soup. The soup was exactly as it should be, nice and salty with chunks of tofu. Terrific on a balmy Arizona day! The sushi, sadly, wasn't completely up to par. The yellow tail had an odd, overly firm texture to it, whereas the salmon was sort of falling apart. The taste was OK but the texture killed it for me. I have a pet peeve when it comes to rolls. The pieces need to be bite sized! The Vegas roll was cut into gigantic, wheel sized pieces that took two to three bites each. I'd be willing to try Sushi Q again, mostly due to the proximity to work. Not bad, but not great.
4	Beware - Food Baby On Board!Why do I take an All You Can Eat menu as a personal challenge?I went yesterday with 2 friends for late lunch/early dinner.  We had planned on Ichi Ban at Central and Thomas for the proximity to our houses, but they didn't open till 5.  They'd been to Sushi Q before, and suggested it.  They did not tell me about the AYCE menu!  $25.95  with a decent selection of apps, nigiri and rolls.  I wasn't doing to do it.  I was going to order from the regular menu.  I chose 3 rolls (soft shell crab, tootsie and I don't remember the third) - when I figured the price, I realized I was just a couple bucks shy of the AYCE price.  So, if I ordered just one more item, it would be more cost effective to go the AYCE route.What was I thinking?  Three rolls is PLENTY!Ordered - soft shell crab, tootsie and summer (spicy crab roll with spicy tuna on top) to start - with the plan of doing a round 2.Ate - all of mine, plus helped one of my companions finish her summer roll.  It was TOO MUCH FOOD!For my appetite, the AYCE is a waste of money.  I should have done a miso soup and two rolls - that would have been perfect for me.  Dining companion M should have also ordered from the regular menu.  We would have been fine if we didn't have to help her.  Dining companion D made the AYCE well worth it - he was the only one it ended up making sense for.All rolls were fresh and tasty.  D cannot have any seeds, the sushi chef was happy to make adjustments accordingly.  Oh, and M hates avocado - he was also happy to oblige her.  Good to know they will make substitutions, even on an AYCE menu!  The lady next to me had a seaweed salad that looked awesome and very fresh - and her salmon sashimi was gorgeous!Clean place, friendly staff, fair prices.  I love strip mall sushi!  Places like this, you know you're paying for the food - not the address and state of the art decor.  (Why I don't go to the "pretty" places much - I'd rather spend my cash on the food than the "see and be seen" factor!)It wasn't the most amazing sushi in town, but there was nothing wrong with it, and I will gladly be back!
4	I used to work nearby, and after a 2 year hiatus, returned for dinner.  It's a small strip mall joint, with wood decor and accents, with a bar running nearly the full length of the place.  My usual bento box lunch wasn't on the dinner menu, so I opted to order a la carte.I started with a bowl of Miso, it's always nice and flavorful here, not watered down, and worked wonders on my sore throat!  I'll have to remember that the next time I'm sick!We also started with Spicy Calamari.  The calamari is served in bite-sized squares, lightly fried and served with spicy mayo.  It was a nice departure from your everyday deep-fried calamari appetizer plate.As for their sushi, I LOVE their Tootsie roll, it's so crunchy and sweet, and is a must try.  I'm also a fan of their Shrimp Killer and Spicy Tuna rolls. This time I got the Tootsie roll and the Lighting roll.  The Tootsie was fantastic as always, but I wasn't a huge fan of the Lighting roll, I'm not sure if I just didn't like the flavor combination, but it tasted too oniony.Service is decent, although I remember our servers being more attentive during lunch hours.  Still, no complaints.All in all, if you're craving sushi, it makes a great lunch spot, and it made for a good cheap dinner with friends.  There are better sushi places out there, but Sushi Q is worth a stop if you're in the area and in the mood.
4	I really like this place. I have been here enough that they know me by name. What I like here are several things. First, the AYCE sushi is a great deal if you can eat a lot. They will accommodate you if you want it made a certain way (for example no sesame seeds, no ponzu sauce, or extra cucumbers). The staff is very friendly and attentive. The owner Eddie, is a Korean who makes Japanese food and speaks to me in Spanish. Right on!The place is no frills but quaint and cozy like a neighborhood joint where everybody knows you. The albacore tuna is made with a real tasty garlic sauce and they have several good rolls. One of my favorites is the Alaskan-crab mix inside, salmon outside. The miso soup is pretty standard if you like it. I dont care much for tofu, it's kinda like soybean poop.  This is the type of place that when your a regular, they really go out of their way to please you. It is amazing the night and day difference between sushi made to order at the bar and any other pre made stuff anywhere. Sunnyslope is not where I would imagine a great sushi hang out, but it's here!
3	I was at work and was craving sushi, so I went on the Yelp Mobile App and found that Sushi Q was right near work so I thought I would go and check it out.  Just a note, this place closes for lunch around 2 and the re-opens again for the dinner crowd.  I walked in and was the only one there.  I intended to go and sit and read my book and just relax during lunch but I went around 115 and felt like I would be rushed if I took my time so I ordered 2 sushi rolls and they came pretty fast.The sushi wasnt bad but wasnt the best I have had either.  I had the spicy tuna roll and the flavor was just blah!  I would go there again because they have happy hour prices for lunch, score, and in a pinch, it isnt a bad place!
5	There are dozens of sushi places throughout Phoenix.  Many serve good sushi.  Some even serve it at a decent price.  There is ONLY ONE MAIN REASON to go to Sushi Q.And that is their absolutely amazing, completely terrific all you can eat option.It's $28, whether for lunch or dinner.  Prices have climbed in recent years due to increased sushi costs.  The owner and co-sushi chef, Eddie, has been forced to increase costs.There are like 50 items on the all you can eat menu.  Most are unlimited.  The sushi is very good.  I'm not going to say it's the absolute top shelf sushi, although to be honest after eating at a couple dozen places in Japan and the US I'm not sure I've definitively eaten better.It's fresh (the high quantity they go through with daily deliveries from a pure sushi supply company ensures this).Most importantly, the all you can eat experience is like a regular sushi bar.  Go ahead and sit at the bar if you don't want a giant plate delivered to a table.  I think it's a much more fun experience getting fresh plates of sushi delivered to you and your companions as it's made, each plastic tray stacking up before being quickly carried to the kitchen.I recommend the spicy tuna handrolls.  They stuff them with a ton of fresh tuna, freshly mashed, not premashed at some other factory.  And they don't fill it with a ton of "rabbit food", just warm rice, the seaweed wrapper, and about 4 tablespoons of tuna.Rolls are great.  I recommend the rainbow roll.  The individual pieces of sushi are extra thick, extra wide.    I think they are easily 1.5 to 2 times the "weight" of a piece of sushi at other restaurants.But come hungry.  It's not for the faint of heart.  If you aren't willing to pack away $40-60 worth of regular priced sushi, why bother?It's an expensive treat for lunch of dinner.  But the regulars that come week after week, month after month know that Eddie and his crew serve the best all you can eat Sushi in the southwest.Bank it.
2	I decided to have dinner here after reading other reviews, and the all you can eat option sounded really cool.  The location of the restaurant is, in a word, weird. It's located in a run down strip mall, next to a seedy looking liquor store. Nonetheless, I decided to give it a try. First off, the "all you can eat" menu is very complicated, restricting you to certain items on the menu and a maximum quantity by type (eh rolls vs nigiri). To be fair, the maximums are generous and I cant imagine any normal person going away hungry--but it's technically not all you can eat.The biggest problem was the sushi rice, which was really, really vinegary. To the point where I couldn't  hardly taste the fish.  Oddly, I only noticed it with the nigiri pieces. The two rolls I got were both tasty.If you decide to go, I'd recommend you stick with rolls and forego the AYCE option...or better yet, seek out an alternate choice with better reviews.
4	I've been to Sushi Q many times when I was attending DeVry University, Tried almost every roll available at the time and they were all pretty good and decent sized for the price. I've taken my family out to try this place out and they loved it just disliked that it's far from where we live - then again everywhere is kinda far for us lol.The shop is on the small side but it fits the place for what it is and I'm not complaining - interior atmosphere is very quiet and relaxing, the decor is nice as well and the sushi chef and waiters are very nice and you could carry on an actual conversation as to other places who kind of just answer "yes/no" and walk away all anti-social. If you want to go on a sushi date, this is the place to be if you want a small nice and quiet relaxing spot to take that special someone too if you don't desire flashy bigger noisy places.
5	Sought out this restaurant on the recommendation of a colleague. It's behind an unassuming storefront in a run-down strip mall next to a seedy liquor store. If it hadn't been for the strong recommendation, I'd have taken one look at this place and kept on driving. But I'm so glad I went in! Two friends and I demolished a lot of fish through the AYCE menu. The quality and selection were very good considering it was AYCE. For about $24 + tax it was an excellent deal.
4	My fiance and I moved into an apartment down the street and happened to drive by this place one night.  We saw a sign for all you can eat sushi on the front and were eventually enticed to come in.  (FYI - The all you can eat sushi is about $24 per person - definitely a good price for sushi.)  My fiance and I ordered a total of 4 rolls - the 2006, Las Vegas, spicy tuna, rainbow.  It was amazing - probably my 2nd favorite sushi place in AZ.  I like the fact that this place is very small, fast and hospitable service, and you can see the sushi chef making your sushi.
1	I wasnt gonna do this review because I dont really like to do negative reviews, but that's what Yelp is all about.    I went to Sushi Q for lunch the day before I left Phoenix. A small place on the side of a strip mall. When we first walked in I noticed the place had a smell.  "Ooooh that smell, can't you smell that smell, Ooooh that smell" not a good smell, a smell that's like someone hurled last week and no one cleaned it up. Or like the carpet smells at some dive bars or low end strip bars have. I never did get pass it the whole time I was there.The server was kinda not nice. You know when they make you feel like they don't care if you eat there or not.  Like your inconveniencing them. That's the feeling I got from her. Ok to the food. They have "all you can eat" for like $23.95 per person. It was 3 of us, and I can't eat seafood, so that was not for me. After looking it over, the "happy hour" menu was the best deal. I had the teriyaki chicken bowl with rice, and vegetable tempura. The tempura was flavorful, but the teri chicken was just ok, at best. My daughter and son in law had about 7 or 8 different rolls, and according to them, they were ok. I can't see myself giving more than a 3 for the food, but when I add that "smell" the place had, it quickly drops to a 1.Sushi Q really need to spend some cash and replace that carpet, because just cleaning it won't cut it. FOR REAL!!!!
2	Saturday night. Opening weekend of Spring Training. 1 chef. Long waits between food delivery. Ayce is limited in variety unless you really like California rolls. There are 5-6 different ones.
4	I've frequented Sushi Q quite a bit when I am near that part of town.  The restaurant is located in a nondescript shopping center and the interior is not something you would write home about.  However, if you are all about the sushi, then this place is for you.  Not some place where I would take your significant other on a date but definitely take your crew to just enjoy fresh sushi.  The all-you-can-eat pricing provides great value if you can eat like Orca!  The nigiri is solid and the Eel Tempura Roll is fantastic.  I'm not a huge sushi roll fan but every one that I have tried was good.As I mentioned the decor is not great.  The sushi chef is a big fan of golf and will always have the Golf Channel on the 1 TV in the restaurant.  Overall, a great place to go if you are really hungry for quality sushi.
5	The best sushi restaurant in Phoenix or the suburbs. I've tried the others & I keep trying new ones, but they don't compare. The salmon is my favorite nigiri & sashimi. The quality is superb & the portions size is very good. The albacore, yellowtail, red snapper, eel, & scallops are also wonderful. The rolls are great, but not the best variety. You can make requests to modify or customize. You can even create your own rolls. The eel sauce is the best in town. Try a variety of sauces (especially the garlic sauces).
2	One night during my visit to Arizona, I was extremely hungry and craving sushi. Dining at traditional sushi restaurants was not an option ($$$$). I searched all over town for AYCE sushi and Sushi Q was the only restaurant that Yelp returned within Chandler, Mesa, Tempe, Phoenix, and Scottsdale. I jumped into my car and quickly roared out to Sushi Q at around 7:00pm. Sushi Q is located in a strip mall next to a seedy liquor store. When I arrived during happy hour, there were only 3 people in the restaurant! There's no need to beat the dinner rush here. I sat at the bar and designated myself as an AYCE customer. After perusing the order menu, I was upset to discover an 8 order limit on the nigiri. 8 orders = 16 pieces. When I eat AYCE sushi in California, I typically average ~50 pieces, with a personal record of 64. Nobody cares how much you order in California, as long as you don't throw up on premises. Apparently not the case in stingy Arizona.The nigiri menu is sparse with limitations to the basic fish. Uni was not an option on the menu. Neither were any premium fish (not even off the AYCE menu). I ordered the standard choices: albacore, mackerel, red snapper, tuna, salmon, shrimp, scallop, and yellowtail. The rice was served at room temperature as it should be. The fish quality of the tuna, salmon, and red snapper was acceptable, but the presentation for the other sushi was poor. Excessive ponzu sauce and green onions were applied on top of the yellowtail, mackerel, and albacore, to the point where I could not taste the distinct flavor of each fish. See photos for the sloppy preparation and the overuse of onions. The quality was disappointing even for a Korean sushi chef.For economic purposes, Sushi Q expects AYCE customers to fill up on appetizers and rolls rather than the fish. I feared leaving with a half full stomach, so I ordered rolls and appetizers after the nigiri. Rolls do not have order limits, but premium rolls were strategically removed from the AYCE menu. I asked for the negi salmon roll, yellowtail roll, and rainboll roll. The rolls were handled by a Hispanic sushi chef. The rainbow roll was standard, although the rice was a bit stiff. Yellowtail roll was a salty disaster, with excessive garlic/chili sauce drenched over the fish that spread to the rice. Fortunately, the negi salmon roll was acceptable with minimal sauces used and generous amount of salmon in each piece. Be aware that appetizers are full orders. I ordered agedashi tofu expecting just a few pieces of hot tofu. Instead, I received a basket full of fried tofu enough to feed a family of 3. The agedashi tofu was a joke. It was supposed to be served in a broth with Katsuobushi, Japanese onions, some rice wine, and soy sauce, but all that was given was a bowl of soy sauce separated from the tofu.In the end, I left with a full stomach but was dissatisfied with the quality of food consumed. I came to eat sushi but was instead instructed to order mediocre rolls engulfed in puddles of assorted sauces. The 16 piece limit is a severe limitation that renders the AYCE option as not cost-effective ($23.95 for dinner).
5	Sushi is YUMMY! I love the family that works there. I love the All you can eat option for $23. Great variety, quality and service
2	Ordered from the AYCE menu and some of the salmon did not taste fresh. Any roll that had cream cheese was over filled with it. I know great sushi and this place was sub par. Maybe the smelly carpet and dive bar like atmosphere dampened my review. **Any suggestions as to where to get ayce sushi in the phoenix and outer phoenix areas would be great!** thank you
3	The three stars are for the value.  And that's made up with about 4-5 stars price, and 2 stars sushi quality.  Mostly due to my personal tate (see below).NOTE:  There was a change in ownership in August, 2013.  Eddie, the long-time owner/operator/sushi-chef, ran into a lease dispute with the strip-mall owner and a new operator bought it.  He operates it with his brother, and they own another sushi restaurant.The prices are the same.  So far, only minor differences in the menu.  And they are doing some little changes like you'd expect any new owner to.So here's my big, sad, conclusion after being a 50 visit guy under "Eddie" and now a 3 visit guy under the new owner... I just don't like his sushi as much.For one thing, every other dish seems to have the "mayo" dressing that is 90% miracle whip.  Seriously.  And I hate that.  Before, the sushi used to be among the best in all of Phoenix, and now I struggle with whether it's better than whole foods.I've tried it all.  If you like fried sushi, you'll probably love it here.  And if you like mayo sauce, then you've found your new favorite sushi bar.Heck, for the price, give it a try.  How can you go wrong with all you can eat sushi for $24.  Just don't expect the out of the world experience you might have had with Eddie in the "good 'ol days."
2	I'll start out by saying the waitress and sushi chef were amazing. I think my water was filled to the top like 5 times. The scallop nigiri was great. That's where the greatness ends. The sushi almost tasted gas station/grocery store quality. I've tried the top 5 or so rated places in Phoenix and this wasn't remotely close in taste. I'm not sure if it was the texture of their rice or what but something was off. Despite some of the best service I've had I won't be back. Had high hopes :-(
2	I guess it's not fair to compare this place to all the delicious sushi I had when I lived I Reno, however!Went around dinner time, it was completely empty. Our server interacted with us a little a possible, never got a refill on my water. I did not enjoy the food. Tempura was okay, but overall the fish seemed a little less than fresh.Probably best to seek sushi elsewhere.
2	The all you can eat sushi is not really all you can eat!!!  My friends and I went there for dinner one night and we all got the all you can eat deal.  Once we saw the menu we realized there were all kinds of rules on the quantity of special rolls and sashimi you can order per person. If you like to pay $25 for unlimited California rolls,  this is the place for you. In addition,  the quality of their sushi was mediocre. Don't recommend this place at all.
3	Important:  There is NO MORE ALL YOU CAN EAT option, effective 4/1/2014.The owner says fish was just too expensive, and so he just has his "all day happy hour" prices.And those aren't bad.  For example, a spicy tuna handroll is $3.25.  Two pieces of salmon nigiri sushi (piece of fish over rice) is $2.50.Rainbow roll is $7.Miso soup $1.That's cheap.  And quality is pretty dang good.  I just wanted to point out because THE reason to go here was it was the only decent all you can eat option for Sushi in Phoenix.  Now, it's just another sushi joint, albeit one with fair prices and pretty good sushi.Maybe those 2000 calorie all you can eat meals weren't required anyway?  3 spicy tuna hand rolls and a miso soup for $11 bucks doesn't sound bad at all...
5	This unassuming treasure of the culinary world is hidden in the most unlikely of places: a strip mall at 19th and Dunlap! Nestled among the shops that surround what was once a Fry's Food Store, only a mile and a half from Metrocenter, this house of fresh rolls is worth the adventure.As you step in, not knowing what you might see at this crossing, you are instantly immersed in the atmosphere of an authentic, sushi house. The inside feels as foreign to it's exterior surroundings as sushi is to a desert metropolis. Plus; they've been doing what they're obviously good at for 10 years!The food is simply fantastic, and the best part? All you can eat sushi for $24! The miso soup at the end of the night could use a little love, but otherwise the food is exactly what you expect from a $$ or $$$ sushi house. The fish is kept fresh; the presentation is spot-on, and the young, Korean chef has been serving up raw realness for 20 years across the U.S and the world!This isn't your hole-in-the-wall dive sushi shack; this is the sushi in the Central West Valley you bring your friends and family to! Kan Pai! Barioishii!
4	All You Can Eat Is BACK!  $28, which is a bargain for what you get.  Three dozen rolls, at least a dozen types of fish, and various other things.  Come hungry!  It's a terrific value if you are even moderately hungry.  Waitress is top notch, chef/owner could be a bit friendlier but that's okay, and cute little indoor ambiance.   Don't let strip mall or construction scare you away, plenty of parking and it's very nice inside.Best all you can eat sushi option in Phoenix.  Enjoy.
4	Awesome deals &Good food !! I highly recommend it ! The place is a hole in the wall but they have a really good happy hour !
4	I love this place!  Its a hole in the wall and you wouldn't even know it was here without YELP.   If youre in the neighborhood show this place some love!!!!  It tastes better than the Scottsdale joints I PROMISE
5	What an interesting atmosphere! Great food and cool environment. I've never had Japanese beer before. Surprisingly, it was malt liquor. Party! Be aware of the construction on nineteenth avenue and expect some delays as a result.
5	I've been passing this joint for more than 2 years and I finally tried the place out. Initially the staff was surprised I came in for food. Very friendly. A misunderstanding with the menu, however what I ate was delicious. I had yellowtail 2 piece, a tuna roll and spicy tuna roll. Very delicious. I got out of there for about $15 after tip. The ambiance is very calming and peaceful. Considering the chaos that ensues because of light rail construction I had a great meal and I plan to come again.
4	Pretty decent place for good quality fish, it's located in a strip mall and yes it's right next to a liquor store where there are frequent loiterers. I wanted to stop in and take advantage of their happy hour that starts at 5 P.M. on Saturday, I wound up to a mostly empty restaurant but was seated comfortably at the bar.I ordered the Yellowtail Roll, Salmon Sashimi and Vegetable Tempura which is all on the Happy Hour menu for a pretty decent price. The Yellowtail Roll was good, buttery soft fish and fresh tasting, tasted awesome with a small smear of wasabi and tiny dip into soy sauce. The Salmon sashimi was good, although a bit small for $4.50 but soft and tender. The sashimi comes with three pieces. The Vegetable Tempura was good, a little bit thicker with the batter here, but came with an onion ring, zuchini, sweet potato and a green bean and dipping sauce. Perfect portion for a single person!The sushi chef and the waitress were sweet and attentive to myself and the other diners here and yes, they are Korean! But that doesn't mean they know how to make some good sushi rolls/food!Happy Hour is decent depending on what you order, if you're looking to get full order a meal or a roll that has lots of stuff in it. For my roll, sashimi and tempura on happy hour the meal was about $13, but $15 with tip.
