1	Terrible . No organization, delayed on time lines and unprofessional.  No one leading crew on job sites. Schematics to measurements are all wrong from contractor and the customer service is less than stellar. When you pay someone upfront to do a job and they do not complete within the given timeline. Well, let's just say that we will be looking for a new contractor for upcoming restaurant ventures and this company will no longer be giving our company avoidable headaches and mistakes. Recommended to not do business.
1	Dishonest pathological liar.  I have witnessed this, the owner Young Yi takes your money and does nothing.  Unprofessional, disorganized and excuse ridden.  I have heard this guy will blame anything and everyone while not following legal or ethic business practices.  He will delay projects forever and he will point fault at everyone but himself.  How do you look your family in the eye when you lie to everyone?Scary to hear that he doesn't have Workman's Comp Insurance for his employees, avoids payroll taxes and pulls cash out of his employees' paychecks, I meant "independent contractor's"  paychecks for "taxes".  Wonder how many people he is paying under the table?  Word on the street if you want fraudulent garbage to build your project then end up in financial ruin with not even a business to run then by all means hire MJ Construction in Las Vegas to build your business.  I think they are licensed in other states so spread the wealth.
1	DO NOT HIRE MJ CONSTRUCTION!!!!This GC is not honest.  He holds no responsibility for his work and blames everyone and everything around him for HIS mistakes.  He will say anything to get your business and bleeds you dry while he takes his time to complete any construction or pass any inspections.  He is shady with his employees and sub contractors.  DO NOT TRUST THIS GUY.
1	Looking for a general contractor that cannot get the job done? Then this should be your first choice. Start with promises that cannot be met. These promises are for you to hear what you want at that time. Deadlines? He has no sense of what this is/means. Deadlines to his definition is when "he" feels it can get done, more so when "he" wants to get it done.  Your business suffers unimaginable loses waiting on completion. If things are not completed, then there is SOMEONE else to blame for that. No accountability for anything!!! Poor representation of a business owner.
1	Often unreachable for follow up or follow through. Commits to deadlines he himself imposes and fails to meet them. Hired to install a new commercial ice machine and his guys took the old ice machine offline then took 12 days to install machine. The subcontractors he hired were unskilled and uneducated workers who needed to call someone else in to solve the issues. The machine has instructions yet they failed to charge the machine with refrigerant prior to plugging it up.I had to run to Sams club for ice everyday until the new machine was up and running. I called daily for updates. On those days Young answered I received "great news will be done tomorrow" or "coming back tonight to finish". I should have realized after the first missed deadline the guy was blowing smoke, but he has a trusting personality. Guess he is a wolf in sheep's skin. I don't enjoy speaking ill of people or how they do their business, I normally resolve to just not use their services nor recommend them to friends. In this case I felt it necessary to warn others before doing business with Young or his company MJ Construction.PS Yelp requires to give at least one star, I wish I could take stars away, one more than deserved.
