3	$9.99 All-You-Can-Eat Dinner Buffet w/Crab LegsIf you like Chinese food like sweet n sour chicken,lots of seafood stuff like crawfish,crab legs,shrimp and fish.They did have bbq pork but it was kinda tough.Several different soup options, around 60 items to choose from total. Pretty standard chinese buffet fair.They do cook Mongolian "made-to-order" and they have soft serve ice cream.Really can't complain for $10 pp but I'm no fan of asian food to start this certainly did nothing to change my mind.Pretty boring and fishy! But still good cheap eats for those that like Chinese Cuisine.
2	This location is nice and clean and fairly new. I was here a month and a half ago and I didn't see it in November when I was there. I know it's a bit late to write a review but the memory of this place had been ingrained in my mind. The restaurant is nice and clean. The food was alright. Basic Chinese fare. You have your sweet and sour chicken and beef and broccoli. Like Scott d. mentioned , they do have a mongolian grill. The reason why I remember this place distinctly was because I came home with the most terrible stomach ache. At first I thought it was indigestion so I went to the nearby CVS and bought some chewable tums. It didn't help, My dad got tired of me being in pain so he made me down some Cabernet. Surprisingly his remedy worked. Try this place out for a good cheap deal but be sure to have some wine on hand to ease that tummy ache.
2	Low-grade Chinese food. Veggies were not fresh; salmon sushi looked dry and gross. Overall: Bland. Sure, the staff was friendly and attentive but you come to buffets to swine-out and not admire the cheesy decor. Price should've been $4.99 for that buffet.
2	My family and I were looking for places to eat, while in Vegas, and we came upon this buffet. We thought we'd try it out since it was an all-you-can-eat buffet for $9.99.I thought, coming into this buffet, the food would be good. It was alright. The food was salty, and some were even cold. The service there was friendly, even though you could barely hear what they are asking you.
3	Nothin special, just a good ol' fashioned Chinese buffet at a decent price.
1	I'll keep this review short.The food was bland and greasy. I didn't get to try the mongolian bbq, but my brothers said it wasn't that great. The food was so bad that I only ate 1 plate that I didn't even finish. 1 plate at a buffet? Yea, that bad. At least they had soft serve for dessert.
2	On a scale of 1 - 10 I give it a 4 at best.  If you are looking for purely quantity and quality is not an issue, the $5.99 for lunch is a good price.  The food is adequate.  It will keep you from starvation yes.  Is it good, well, in regards to other buffets, I give it so so at best.  If you are in a crunch then go ahead but dont expexct much. There is ZERO atmosphere.  The place looks like a 70"s cafeteria.  The service is good, the servers were quick to clear dishes and refill my drink.
3	I actually come here pretty often. Don't know why. Restrooms are  such a mess they should clean it more often. Service is not bad but not good they should hire more people cause they are always busy but only have 2 or 3 people tending to customers. We didn't get drinks until second plates. You have to pay extra for drinks, don't ask for water cause its nasty. They don't refill the good stuff, like the oysters and crab. You could be there at least and they won't refill them. I think its more of trick if they don't want to refill them they should just stop serving it cause thats why we are there for. Their egg roll are huge. Mongolian station is pretty good and fast. Salmon is good but often has bones. Nice location.
1	This was my second time to China Star buffet...I was looking for a cheap lunch buffet, but the signs on the outside contradict each other; one says $5.99 until 4pm and the other, which I didn't see, was Sunday all day $8.99. They could use some clarification. The food was pretty old- I had to spit out a couple bites of my food because they tasted funny or I could not chew it. The "Mongolian BBQ" portion was okay though. The service was severely lacking- it took asking to get water refills, and the girl at the front desk was a little nasty.I would not go back here.
1	If you think this place is ok then obviously you dont know what to look for. I agree with the restrooms being absolutely disgusting every time ive been here.it grosses me out to think about whos in charge here and are their kitchen practices or personnel / personal hygeine  ok? The girl at the front is very rude and didnt say 1 word or thanks when we paid.....just gave me the receipt???  General Tsos chicken taste like deep fat fryer scraps of rubber? Sweet and sour sauce is horrible....tastes like water?      It USED to be fresher but its obviously going down hill for them? Ive chosen other places as my favorite. Rice n noodle (windmill - s. jones) and Baidu (robindale -s. jones) Blows them away!!!! I will no longer be returning .....SorryNooooo I should be saying thanks!
1	yuck. my body hurts from eating the food and my soul hurts for making my body do it.Barf-o :(
2	Service was good but the food was lacking. Most was way over cooked from sitting to long.
4	overall everytime ive been there has been pretty solid, although there dinner isnt good- there lunch is pretty good. also i like that they seem to be pretty good about bringing stuff out.
1	I clearly hate myself.  There's no other reason that I would ever eat at China Star Buffet.  I know it's bad food.  I know it will cause a stomach ache.  And yet I occasionally agree to eat here.  Something is seriously wrong with me.Why?  Well the buffet items alternate between tasteless and awful.  The meat in the Chinese dishes is stringy and fatty and has random parts of bone in it (at least I hope it was bone.  It might have been a pebble).  It's the kind of buffet where you end up eating only fried food because that feels safer.  And at least there's some taste if the item is fried.Bottom line: don't get sucked in by the cheap-as-dirt pricing.  Even at rock-bottom buffet pricing, it ain't worth it.
2	I have been here before to try the buffet, which I didn't enjoy, so I'm obviously a glutton for punishment when I agreed to stop here for a to-go box. My fella was craving some greasy Chinese food and since it's close by we stopped to fill up a to-go container. The price is the same whether you eat their buffet or take a small box to-go. Not sure why, since you're obviously going to get a smaller amount of food. I'm not a fan of Chinese buffets anyway, so this one really didn't do much for me. The food is greasy, overcooked and definitely not fresh. The food was sitting on the line entirely too long and dirty plates were sitting out, which was pretty unappetizing. All this didn't deter my determined fella. Service was ok, nothing spectacular. We filled up our plate, paid and were on our way lickety split. The food was even more tasteless than I expected. I took a bite and was pretty much done. I won't be back.
4	I don't get the people come to places like this and expect the best of the world. You honestly get what you pay for and a little bit more. The lunch buffet is $6.48 per person after tax, not including drink. The lunch seems to be a better variety than dinner. It's your standard Chinese buffet fare. Pot stickers, beef and broccoli, coconut chicken, Mongolian beef, chicken and mushroom, chicken teriyaki, lo mein, fried rice, chicken wings, salmon, pizza,seafood stir fry, Chinese donuts, sesame balls, Rangoon, etc. They have more but you get the point. The staff isn't the friendliest but they do a good job at taking your plates and refilling your drinks. The place is always clean. And I can tell you during lunch, they are pretty right on about always having fresh food out.  I am definitely a fan of this one, this location. You will probably catch me on my lunch break here at least once a month.
1	As an asian, I feel like I should apologize on behalf of all asians for this craptastic place.
4	I have been here 4 times and never had a major issue. Lunch is only $5.99. If at $5.99 you expect high end, then go somewhere else. Have realistic expectations and you'll like it just fine.
2	Despite the fact that their lunch buffet is only $5.99, you are essentially getting what you paid for. I think the workers here are nice, but alas, you are coming here for the food. I could only eat the vegetables, and even that was not very pleasant. I avoided the fried food all together. I think their salad area was embarrassing as the salad appeared spoiled.They did have a Mongolian BBQ station where you pick out the ingredients and there was a cook around the corner that would cook the food for you. Make sure you tip him though. There were not many ingredients to choose from. However, at least you are getting fresh cooked food on the spot.
1	This place is cheap in price and food.  Very disappointed.They were busy due to 3 tour bus which I think they have a contract with.They should really control where those buses park.
1	Yes, it's cheap but cheap does not have to equal disgusting. This food was GROSS and obviously had been left out for a while.Believe me,  I love greasy, Americanized chinese food but this was beyond anything I've ever tasted. Not fresh. Lettuce at salad bar looked wilted so I tried most of the chicken dishes, chow mein and rice and was not a happy camper. Everything just tasted like it had been re-heated after having been left out at least a day. Service was non-existent, I went during lunch and there were probably 2 or 3 other families besides mine so not sure what the problem was.I really wanted to like this place as it close to home but hey there a zillion other buffets like this to settle for this one! Next....
3	It not the best chinese food nor would I put it anywhere near top of my favorite list chinese. What I feel it does is fill the stomach after great workout at the gym. NOT all the stuff is blah, average, or no flavor. I had the salt and pepper shrimp got two servings of that yummy. I enjoy the hot and sour soup. It pretty diverse for small buffet in comparison too hotels. They have all the standard ones kung pau chicken, fried rice, and goes on and on. Like said it hit or miss find couple of good ones. Times some maybe not going through as much so it was warm at best. The popular choices they tend not too replace them as quick as the other ones. They have mongolian bbq section pick your protein and some assorted vegetables cook it up for you. I was hunger not feel like waiting but it look good. The food nothing going too wow you but it is WHAT it is cheap chinese buffet food. Ok.It just changed management so the interior is lot nicer then before. It been while came here for lunch couple of times. The management tell greeted with great smile and sense the enthusiasm like new ownership in the building. Drinks I could not even get it halfway down before server filled it back up. Something that liked compare too hotels the server really on it came too each time went back up came back took old dishes away. Overall say its ok. It not something that be regular but if looking for some cheap food fill you up got no problem with China Star Buffet.
4	This place is right by my work so it's very convenient when I'm in the mood for Chinese food. The price isn't bad either (about $9 for lunch w/ tax), about what you would pay for Panda Express but its a buffet so all you can eat. It was closed for a bit because its under new management and is now reopened. My coworker and I just went for lunch and I must say its much better from Decor to Food.  They don't only have Chinese food, there is a nice little salad bar, deserts, etc...Now don't get me wrong I'm not going to tell you its the best Chinese food ever but its yummy, filling, and I'm happy with it. Give it a try you might like it or you might hate it but all I can say is I'll go back. The service is nice too and the new employees were extremely friendly!
5	Yes, you see that correct. That is a 5 star rating.Is this the best buffet in all of the world? No.Is this the best buffet in all of Las Vegas? No.What it is though, is the best Cheap Eats Chinese-American Food for under $10.With the recent change to management, means completely new everything. New Wait Staff.New Menu.New Prices.New interior decorations.Wait Staff - I am not sad to see the old wait staff gone. Some of the girls were not the most friendly. The new staff seems to much more helpful, attentive and friendlier.New Menu - You still get the basics. However, the food has changed in the flavor. There is definitely more pizazz to some of the food items. At lunch the other day, I had deep fried pork ribs, eggplant, fried tofu, baby bok choy and pad thai. All of it decent and pretty tasty.New Prices - After tax, I paid $8.48 for AYCE lunch buffet. Price increase, but now you get a drink included. Before it was separate price for drink.New Interior Decorations - I posted some pics and it is definitely more easy on the eye on the inside. We went right at 11 am for lunch and they had hot, fresh food out and just kept putting more and more food out. For lunch and the price, they had a pretty good choice. Now, I am not saying that this place is going to make your taste buds slap your mouth. But if you are hungry, in the mood for chinese-american and don't want to spend an arm and leg or want more bang for your buck, then YES this is your place to go.
1	DO NOT GO HERE! Avoid eating here if at all possible. My aunt and I went and the food was not fresh and it definitely wasn't tasty at all. The service sucked and when I attempted to point out a problem to the cashier (who said he was the manager) he didn't take the complaint seriously. They use dark meat chicken instead of white meat, which by the way tastes absolutely NASTY! The only reason this got one star is because their interior is decent. They up the price on weekends and holidays which isn't worth it. Even the normal price of $9 is a lot for a crappy buffet that serves nasty food. I'll certainly never be returning ever again and I encourage you to not go there either. It's not worth even going. I'd rather go eat at Panda Express and I'm not a huge fan of them to begin with, but their food is a lot better than this buffet's.
2	I don't know why I keep allowing myself to get talked into buffets. I rarely ever enjoy them and the food is passable most of the time. I know you get what you pay for and it is not much by any means, but there are so many better options a block down.I know I sound like the fool for coming here instead of going to Chinatown, but oh well. With all the people that flood this restaurant during the weekend, it is not all that important to have good service and it was apparent. Asian restaurants in general do not have good service, but no refills just pushed me off the edge.
2	You get what you paid for! Room temp food and not so Mongolian tasting BBQ! No sushi!!!!!! Krazy buffet on Sahara has sushi and it is only $1 more. 2 stars because of the friendliness of the staff! And you pay before you eat.
2	Would be one star, but for the price ... less than $10 after tax and tip, including drink? Meh.  Cheap as Panda Express, but you can eat a variety of things.
2	Unfortunately this is not my first time here.  On previous times I've been here the experience has been more than sub-par... but today I couldn't figure out what to eat so I landed here.  Figured there's a banner outside that said under new management so I'd give 'em yet another try.    On first glance the joint looks glammed up a bit more than on previous trips here.  You know a lil extra decor here, a lil decor there... I end up making my way to an available table, got my drink order in then made my way to the buffet line.  At that exact point I realize my mistake of giving this place another shot.    I opted for the broccoli beef, bbq pork, general Tsao chicken and some vegetable fried rice.  All except the rice looked fairly unpleasing (like they been left in the tray too long and yet those were their best options).  Got back to my table and dug into the pork and found it was so overdone, it was dry and hard.  The beef was so rubbery, the broccoli way overcooked and dark.  And the rice although good looking was so hard and undercooked that I almost broke teeth and lost a few fillings.  Left that after a few bites, then noticed I'd get some shrimp they had just taken out and figured I'd take advantage of something fresh.  Fresh it was and salty as heck too, making me sip my Pepsi away in two gulps to counter the Salton Sea I had just ingested.    In all this not a good place to eat.  I've been here 3 times.  As the old saying goes, "3 strikes and you're out."  Yes it's under new management, but it must be the same crummy cooks and perhaps the same motto applies to this management of leaving old food in the tray and making it look so unappetizing that they don't care.  They must be rich to not care to make a quality product, scratch that, decent product.     2 of 5 for their decor and their attentive waiters.  I so wanted to give this place a shot, but alas, fool me three times shame on me...
1	Should have read Yelp* reviews before eating here.  Spent 2 days recuperating from stomach trouble at the hotel while my partner threw up.  Not worth gambling your health for cheap food.
