5	These girls are hardworking, "dependable" and enthusiastic about their work!I'm going to recommend them any time I get the opportunity!
5	I am so pleased with outcome of my appointment with Dependable Divas. Erika, Kerry and Amy made me feel so comfortable and put my mind at ease -- they are compassionate and non-judgemental. I went through a life event that left me paralyzed and unable to move forward. The ladies came in and helped me re-organize my entire life. I wake up now and feel no burden. Please let these lovely ladies help you organize and clear the clutter in your life.
5	It doesn't get any better than this duo! Fast, effective, and simply amazing at what they do.  I needed to get organized it the worst way.  They not only got my life back in order, but they provided some great tips and tricks to help me keep it that way.  I would recommend them in a heart beat!
5	Thanks for good service.Dependable divas helped organize my son's room. They were fast and systematic. Will recommend to friends and family. Dependable Divas, keep up the good work.
5	Kerry & Company are tremendous professional organizers, who can do it all! Dependable Divas did a great job of helping me develop organizational systems and basically a bunch of ways to keep things looking great and organized. Kerry is the most can-do person you will ever meet, and she knows her stuff. I understand that Kerry and her business have been tapped to assist TV shows when they need professional organizers to help people who need help in getting organized.So whether your needs are small or large, Kerry can help you- no job is too small or too big. Guys, Kerry knows her stuff and did an awesome job of helping me develop a great system to store and use power tools, hand tools, and even store small items without losing them. I never would have thought this could be fun or even enjoyable- but it was.Here is just a sample Protip from Kerry that will make your life easier:When storing an ice chest, take a kitchen rag and pour some vanilla extract on it, and place it in the empty ice chest before storing it. Even a year later, your ice chest will smell amazing, instead of funky and you risking having people think your real last name is Dahlmer.
5	Dependable Divas were thorough, effective and got my home organized ! I'm forever grateful to Kerry and Co for helping me get things in order after a recent move! I recommend you call Dependable Divas for any organizing help you may need!
