5	I have been to quiet a few tailoring/alteration shops since moving out here from San Diego, CA.  And no other place has even come close to the service and quality that I have had out there, than Lee's Tailoring.  This place is terrific.  Service is among the best.   I have always said that asian people take pride in their work and this place is testament to that statement.  I have been to a few places in Scottsdale for alterations for pants and the thread has already come out in 2 of the 3 pants that I have had done.  And that only lasted less than a month.   Thanks to the service that I have received from Lee's Alterations, they have fixed both pants.
4	Since I don't have an "off-the-rack" body type, I come here pretty often for alterations.  They are very efficient and charge reasonable prices.  Not quite as precise as some other tailors I have gone to but the couple of times that the garment hasn't come out quite right, they have been able to fix it for free.
5	I went here to get my prom dress tailored a few days before my prom and they did a great job with it! The price was pretty reasonable for the alteration too, nothing crazy.
5	Pros: Since I believe in properly fitting clothes, I get about 75% of my off the rack clothing altered. I have tried several places in this city and I think this is the best place for simple alterations. For complicated alterations or designer garments, I go elsewhere. I go out of my way to drive here. When I needed a same day alteration for my grandfather's funeral, they were able to get it done in a few hours. Plenty of parking. Cons: More expensive than tailors in other cities, but comparable to others in Phoenix. I wish they were open on Sundays.
5	Hemmed my suit pants in 30 minutes because I needed it by the next day.  Good service and reasonably priced.  Will come back again.
2	Unfriendly and unhelpful service, and to add to the annoyance they are expensive and only take cash.
3	If it's a simple alteration you are looking for they can help, if you don't mind waiting 4 days. But if the alteration is more complicated such as a suit, jacket or wedding dress you better take it somewhere else, no love or care is put into their work, it's in and out as fast as they can go.
5	I have been going to Lee's Tailoring for about 2 years now. I've had all types of clothing altered from blazers to formal dresses and they do a fantastic job. I am particularly picky and their work is very professional and completed in adequate timing.  Great service!
