3	Love this tiny place, they serve better Chinese food than Lulu's (located on the opposite street). Order from the chef's recommendation page on the menu and you won't be sorry. My fav dishes are ma po doufu, pepper squid and fish in chilli oil. Goes great with rice. Just don't order any noodles, beehoon or curry dish. Service is good too.
3	Only been here once, but the sa cha tripe was very tasty. very fast service and a funny off-beat location. I'll definitely be back.
3	How does this place only have 2 reviews? My entire department eats here. It's about the best Asian food in walking distance of CMU, but that doesn't really say much. The lo-mien is decent, as is the Hunan and Szechuan plates. I feel like it's easy to get decent Thai food in Pittsburgh, but for some reason Little Asia screws it up, so stick with the Chinese dishes.And if it matters, their fortune cookies only spout proverbs, not fortunes.
3	This was my favorite Chinese restaurant within walkable distance from CMU, as it is down the street on Craig Street.  The interior is kinda strange because it's adjacent to a store (you can see through the windows) and the kitchen is like in a weird corner.  The seats aren't particularly comfortable either, but that's okay.  The wait staff is pretty nice.Go here for their $5.60 lunch specials that include favorites like chicken and broccoli, black pepper steak (my favorite one).  The portions are a bit small, but not bad.  They do have a tendency to drown food in sauce, though.
5	I don't know why Little Asia only has three stars. I love the food here, way better than the 0-star Lulu's Noodles. Little Asia serve both great fake and authentic Asian food. All their dishes are under $10.00. My favorite ones are (can't post in Chinese for some reason) jiao yan xia, shui zhu niu rou, fu qi fei pian, and hong you yu pian. For the price, Little Asia probably serve the best authentic Chinese food in Pittsburgh. Rose Tea tends to be too saucy or salty for me, but Little Asia cooks the food just right. The waitress here are super nice and sweet. The interior is a little weird after they moved. But other than that, I have no complaints. I would pick Little Asia over Lulu's Noodles or Oriental Express anytime. Also if you like ice cream, they serve mochi ice cream, which is outrageously delicious.
5	This is totally subjective, but this is my favourite restaurant and I miss it dearly.  I would only ever get a few things...my favourite being Family Style Tofu.  It's so good.  Crispy, delicious brown savoury sauce, mushrooms and carrots and broccoli.  I usually ate it in two sittings.  I don't think I can find it where I live now and I only hope I can eventually come up with a recipe to what has become my favourite food!So I've gotten that, and I like the Vietnamese Rice Noodle Soup.  The lemon cakes are also good and a good value I think!  And yeah the lunch specials are good too, with the chicken on a stick!If I ever get back to Pittsburgh this is the first place I'm going.  :)
4	Their 'Amazing Chicken' is actually pretty amazing, it's definitely better than their General Tso's, cause it has softer meat.
4	I love this place.  This restaurant is hands down the best chinese place around the CMU / UPitt area.  It's kind of hidden in the middle of Craig street so a lot of people don't know about it but it's pretty amazing.  I always eat here for their cheap, cheap lunch specials ($5.60) - entree, side and rice.My favorite dishes here are: Black Pepper Steak, the Amazing Chicken and their Pad Thai.The staff is here is usually super nice too,  All in all, its a pretty great restaurant and definitely beats Lulu's or Oriental Express.
4	One of my two favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh! I first came with my mom when I started at CMU and naturally we ordered Cantonese dish since we're Cantonese.  The dish was a tofu clay pot with seafood.  It was quite bland and I pegged this place as a bad place. And then I rediscovered it.  And man am I glad I rediscovered it!Stay away from the Cantonese dishes and all their food is fantastic.  I especially love their spicy boiled beef and their spicy chicken.  The spicy boiled beef is so flavorful and the meat is just absolutely tender! I have yet to find another restaurant that can make the meat as tender as little Asia for Spicy boiled beef.  Spicy chicken is sweet tender chicken cooked with spicy green peppers.  I normally don't like chicken but this place makes it great!  I even eat the green peppers and I still think how delicious it is as the peppers run burning down my throat. Their set meals for a lower price is cheaper but it doesn't pack the same flavor as ordering from the dinner menu.  Pick anything spicy from this place (especially during those cold cold winter days) and you'll fall in love with this place as much as I did.Even now back in the bay area with their Asian food galore, I still miss Little Asia!
4	This place is tucked away in an odd location on Craig Street. It's a neat looking brick building, with a store directly connected to the restaurant. I came here with a group of friends because Lulu's was packed. The place had free seating during the Saturday night dinner rush, which is probably attributed to its obscure location.We ordered the teriyaki chicken, General Tso's chicken, sesame chicken, and black pepper steak to share amongst our table. All of the food was good. The meat in each entree were tender, and the General Tso's actually had good cuts of chicken, contrasted to some restaurants who I believe just cut out whole chunks. The black pepper steak was definitely my favorite.All of the dishes were tasty and well priced (under $10). The food didn't blow me away, but it's quite good. Our waiter didn't check on us during our meal, so I had to request a refill of my drink, but besides that the service was fine.A short distance from CMU and U Pitt, this restaurant is a good place to go for inexpensive Chinese food.
3	Little Asia does offer some more authentic Chinese items, however I haven't found my favorite yet.  All the dishes tend to be super greasy.
4	Stumbled on this place while wandering around the CMU campus. An odd location but the lunch was quite delicious with large and perfectly cooked veggies and meat, service was quick and my lunch was a mere $6. What is not to love?
5	Sacha beef was great.
4	been back a few times for dinner and it's quite good!their spicy beef tendon is great.
3	Some dishes are good.
1	The previous ownership was a lot better than the current one. The food and service was a lot better. I had to eat there twice today because everywhere else was closed. I wasn't too pleased with the service so I tipped a little lower than usual. As I left the restaurant, the disgruntled waitress called me and demanded I pay more. She got really rude and told me to order takeout in the future. This used to be one of my favorite places to eat. I'm never going back again.
2	I don't understand why my classmates love coming to this place.  It's cheap Chinese food that is not good.  Their beef is kinda funny in texture/taste.  Their General Tso's chicken is soggy and super fat and has an iron taste to it.  Place is kinda stuffy.If it weren't for my classmates, I would not visit this place.
1	The sushi bar, their recent addition in their menus, seems to bring more people in this place, which is good for their business. But the downside is that everything got SUPER SLOW. I went there at around noon and had to wait FOREVER for my foods, it was more than 30 min. I don't think it's acceptable by any standard! They seriously need to learn how to streamline their services, or if not, hire more cooks, more servers. And, why the hell do they speak Chinese to non-Chinese people? Please do speak English.On top of that, the worst part is that THEY CHARGED SOMEONE ELSE'S TABLE TO MY CARD AND GAVE MY CARD TO THAT PERSON AND GOT ME THAT PERSON'S CARD BACK AFTER PAYMENT. Luckily I checked my bank account the next morning and found out right away there were TWO transactions from Little Asia and the one I didn't recognize. It turned out they accidentally swiped my card for that other table and gave my card to that person who used it later that day without knowing it's not his or hers. They made a horribly stupid mistake of mixing the two customers' cards up. How lame!
4	Cheap. Get the teriyaki chicken on the lunch menu, but get it spicy. It's decent.Like the new sushi bar. Decent chinese if you're around CMU and need a cheap lunch
1	I would rather eat Ramen noodles. The service was exceptionally terrible. Go to OE its cheaper and you get more quality food.
2	I work right by this place and unfortunately get wrangled into having a lunch here from time to time.For vegetarians, options are extremely limited. Tofu dishes are not vegetarian if you do not eat fish sauce/oyster sauce, etc. What remains is a large plate of overpriced edamame, tea, and forgettable spring rolls, if you are keeping score. A modest sized pot of tea and edamame put me back $7, which just sounds ridiculous to me. It seems that you can catch a quick and affordable lunch here if you eat meat and order off of the lunch menu. I think it is usually about $8 for a lunch portion of the entree and crab rangoon. Ambiance is very casual and the restaurant is noisy and busy at peak times, but not in an obtrusive way. Service is quick and adequate, but it was hard to convince a waitress to track down information about the sauce ingredients and not just guess based on what they assumed (this happened twice with two different girls).
3	This is pretty average. A couple of friends and I stopped by right around closing time, and the nice hostess was really nice about taking us in, which we appreciated. Other than that nice gesture, all I can say is that their food was average and merits a 3 star review. From what I can see their service was comparable. Pretty good portions for the price paid!
3	I personally like the food here. The meat seems higher quality than Orient Express, and nothing is too greasy or salty. That said, Little Asia's not without its flaws. First, the price. It's Pittsburgh and I'm not trynna drop $12 on dinner most nights. Service is slow and not particularly friendly. They won't adjust orders or meet special requests in my experience. The portions are also extremely meat heavy, as in, 50% meat 50% rice. I really wish they would throw some vegetables in there to mix it up.But despite these gripes I keep coming back. It's a good location and one of the only 'hot food' spots for a quick dinner on Craig. Love to hate it.
2	Before Little Asia changed ownership it was amazing, however, things are different. The service, which used to be top notch, is now abysmal. The food, while still being pretty good, isn't nearly as good as it used to be. They changed their supplier, or changed the type of ingredients they use.  Either way it is to their detriment. This used to be my favorite place to get Asian fare and I'm saddened to say I probably won't go back.
1	Nope.Just...no.Slow service, inconsistency in dishes, sometimes lukewarm food, pervasive blandness, and ingredients that have been sitting out too long are what await potential patrons standing awkwardly in the doorway unsure of when and where to sit.  Given the sloppiness evident from a seat in the dining room (so to speak), I don't even want to know what other rules of running a decent restaurant are routinely ignored in that kitchen.Simply put: Forget taste, I don't trust the kitchen here not to make me sick.I'll be a happy Oakland resident when this place closes and something else moves in.  Right now it's just taking up space.
1	I personally know someone who has seen their kitchen and back room.  I trust this person very, very much and I can safely say without fear of exaggeration to not eat there.  That said, before I found out what I found out, I did eat here and neither the service nor the food was that good.  Sure, the portions were big, but the server forgot to bring a part of our order and the taste was bland and generic.
2	the food is straight up gross.  i hate to say this, as a foodie i feel like i should ahve something better.  want chicken?  hope you like under cooked dark meat.  like tofu?  hope you like tofu mush with mystery slime on top.i wanted to love this place, but it's just gross.  two star bc the staff is so nice, their sushi menu if you are brave enough gets a solid 'meh,' and the staff is so nice.
2	I went here for lunch and ordered a sushi combo. They have a combination of chinese dishes and a sushi menu but I haven't tried their chinese yet.  The sushi was decent and reasonably priced, but the quality of the fish wasn't that great with some of the tougher portions of the fish included in the cut, though it was adequate/edible.  Service really fast to get you seated and get your food, but minimal attention after that.  It gets crowded and tables are really close together.  They also get picky about where you sit and won't let 2 people sit at a 4 person table, etc.
4	This is my favorite place to get sushi that is walking distance from work and home. They have awesome specials at lunch (2-3 rolls for 7-$10) that include soup, salad, and sushi. For dinner they have buy one get one half off maki rolls. The godzilla roll is a fav. I have never had any of their other food, so I can't say anything about that, but for sushi, it's one of the better places I have been in Pitt.
4	Still a fan, just need to put it out there that the dancing dragon roll is not so great :( BUT I still love Little Asia.
3	I always go there because it's convient. But the food there is only ok.
1	Bad Chinese food. Small space. Bad service.
4	Fast, inexpensive and BIG quantities!!Most of the food is good.What else would a student need?And, yes it's on Craig! For the CMU people!
4	I've had sushi here a couple of times and have no complaints.  There is a special at dinner time that if you buy one roll, you get another roll 1/2 off...who can beat that?  I haven't had anything but sushi here though.
3	Not bad for lunch. It's definitely not high end Chinese but it's also a step above the usual din of fast food-esque Chinese. Went there for lunch today and got the Chinese/Japanese bento box with Spicy salmon roll and Beef with Broccoli. For the price, it wasn't bad at all. The Beef with Broccoli was quite tasty (although they use MSG so be sure to ask for it to be left out if, like me, you don't want it). The spicy salmon roll was ok, but not great. They went overboard on the little bits of tempura batter in the roll, to the detriment of putting in enough of the spicy salmon mixture. Still for what it was, a relatively cheap lunch, it hit the spot. I'll be back.
2	Unpleasant experience. The dishes are OK, but one of the waitresses will chase you to the small table impolitely if you have one or two people, so you cannot even choose where to sit. The service is poor!
4	My wife refers to this place as crappy sushi, but she does so in the most endearing way, and she secretly loves it. This place isn't so much a restaurant as it is a place to eat in a foyer of a building.  Little Asia caters to the undergraduate population at CMU.  The asian to other people ratio is always very high when we eat there. It can't be that bad right?  Last night, we were the only non-asians in the foyer, I mean restaurant.There is a pretty decent Chinese menu but I have only had a few dishes on it. I go there for the americanized sushi. Now, let me be clear, I love really good sushi and have had it in some of the best restaurants in the US and in Pittsburgh. Frankly, I can't always afford that. So enter "Little Asia". Hand rolls, are buy 1 get one 1/2 off and are pretty standard american sushi.  Everything is always made to order and the fish always seems fresh. I will say the rice in the rolls can vary from chef to chef but it works.  I typically order the super sashimi bento box which includes miso soup, salad, a few pieces of sashimi and a hand roll. I think it is a hidden gem on the menu.As for the service,  it is always very attentive, but I will warn that the staff speak limited english. So ordering is usually a combination of pantomime, pointing and pictionary.
2	The location was close, I didn't feel like driving somewhere to get lunch so we ordered pick up. First of all, they took a really long time getting our order and gave us some free soda which was really considerate.  It wasn't until we got back that we realized that they got our order wrong. No side of rice, no chicken on a stick, not the right kind of sushi. Another thing to note, their sushi here is not the greatest, but edible.  After all this...I'd probably come here again, I'm really not too picky with American Chinese food (but i recognize mediocre food) and it's the nearest Asian restaurant. I think they have a lot to work on but I they'll make it.
3	The taste of the food is good, but the price is a little high. When I called and ordered takeout, the waitress often gave me the wrong dish. The good part was when we complained, sometimes we got a free soda. Generally a convenient place for a workday lunch or dinner. But I won't come everyday if there were good alternatives nearby.
1	Close location for cmu and pitt students. The sushi is just okay. I ordered chicken which was good.But the duck soup? I found 3 or 4 chicken wings in it? I am sure it was chicken because there is also a duck wing in the soup and i could clearly make a difference. I double checked in case it was my mistake but I was disappointed... I dont know whether it was kind of deceiving consumers, but i will not come again
3	Better than average Chinese take-out food and way better than OE (Oriental Express) which is the epitome of American-ized Chinese food. Order from the Chinese Specialties if you want something better than American-ized Chinese food. The menu written in Chinese on the black board in the entrance are has less American-ized dishes.Very convenient and close to CMU. They also have a small bubble tea stand in the corner. This place is cheap and good for quick meal if I don't want to go all the way to Squirrel Hill to Rose Tea, etc.
2	Weird service experience. I was served order of 3 sushi rolls and was given a fork as only utensil (huh???).  After eating, realized waitress had never bothered to bring my drink. Also she did not bother to ever return and bring the check, so I left money on the table. Sushi was fine. Floor covered in tremendous amounts of snow salt, seriously needed mopped.
3	Pretty good, but don't try kongpao chicken, it's nothing like the REAL Chinese kongpao chicken.
3	Just so so
3	This place looks so sketchy on the exterior, but it was pretty clean, bright and spacious inside. Another one of those "don't judge a book by its cover" moment. The menu has tons of selections, ranging from sushi to pad thai. I really like the natural lighting that the restaurant utilizes. The service was very disappointing though. The waitress that we had was impatient and rude. Gratitude was pre-added to the bill, so I wonder if that was the reason why she was a bit inconsiderate. I had the chance to try the tuna lover roll and the special roll. Both were average and acceptable, but not exceptional. The sacha beef dish was uninteresting with this weak soy sauce seasoning. Again, this is your typical greasy Asian stir-fried dish. The one menu item that really stood out to me was the pad thai. I thought the pad thai was delicious with a mild peanut sauce that was refreshingly flavorful with a tad of sweetness. However, it was kind of ridiculous that they charged a dollar extra to have tofu instead of meat. But I thought tofu is technically cheaper? Overall, the food at Little Asia was average and the service was disappointing. Prices aren't too bad and the portion was satisfying, but not a place that I'll go out of my way to get to. The service was so off-putting that I will probably not return here again.
2	The food isn't great and the service isn't either. Especially when you compare to places like OE and Lulus that give you more food of the same quality for less money, there just really isn't a reason to come here.The few times I've been here the service was really slow. We were seated right away but then we had to wait some time to get our food despite the fact that the place was half empty. The staff also seemed rather unhappy in general.I've gotten the pad thai and orange chicken and while they are good, the taste was comparable to OE (at least the orange chicken) and you get less food. My biggest food complaint is the sushi - and I actually docked one star for this. The last time I came here I got the bento box, and while it was well presented, something tasted off. I spent almost that entire night throwing up and looking back this was the only thing I had eaten that day that would have caused this. DO NOT GET THE BENTO BOX.I will not be coming back. There are better options in the area.
5	Best Chinese food in Pittsburgh!Chilli chicken, garlic chicken, lo mein, chilli pot, fish in hot oil... all of these are best I have eaten in Pittsburgh. I have always received good service here. I am a regular here.
1	One of the worst Asian places in Pittsburgh. They have had health code violations in the past - a huge issue, especially for a restaurant serving sushi. The staff is not helpful and frequently is rude upon taking orders. With so many other great Asian places nearby, there is no reason to visit this one!
1	To be honest, taste is ok. But their service is sooooo bad:( waited for more than 40 mins in front of a empty table in a not a busy time? Forget my order but No explanation or apologize. The attitude of their waitress is not good.
5	This is best Chinese food in Pittsburgh,  I like to come here , I like dry hot chicken, fish in red oil . The bubble tea and smoothie is awesome too. Good service.
5	Very good food,  I like this place, I'm regular costumer at little Asia. Try the fish in red oil , that's soo good.
4	I've tasted few of their dish here and there but never sat down to order a full meal until this past weekend.Personally, I think their foods are less westernized compared to Lulus or other asian restaurants around the area. However, you might not find out the difference if you order common items like the General Tso.We were a group of around 12 - so there was a lot variety when it came to our palette. We ordered few different kinds of sushi, Chilli Chicken, Singaporean noodles, cold spicy noodles, Chili Pork Hot Pot, Beans and yes General Tso. The crowd favorite was the Chilli Pork Hot Pot and the Chilli Chicken. The spice level are pretty spicy - so you might want them to tone down if you can't handle the spicy food.The portions are pretty huge for the price which is very reasonable. All the dish we had was really good. The service... was err.. good since my Lady happen to be a regular at this place.
4	Great Kung Pao chicken! Nice cheap $6.50 Chinese lunch specials, but the test of the menu is great too. Their sushi is okay, quite healthy like much of what they serve, but kind of bland. Difficult to understand the servers but they're friendly enough.
1	I totally hate services of this place. Waitresses brought me wrong food twice. Also, after I started eating without complaining on them. They started to gossip me.
1	I usually love service at the Chinese restaurants but this place is very weird! I will NEVER go here! People who are serving here are SOOO rude to people who don't speak chinese. Man, it was a horrible experience. I didn't understand something on Menu and the waitress has no patience and was so impolite without even helping. On top of that food is NOT good too. There are bunch of other places near by and i can go there. But highly recommend you not to go to this place if you are not a Chinese. You will end up like me.
