4	I wandered in here entirely by chance - I was about to visit a friend in the hospital, and thought it'd be nice to bring her some flowers.  I wasn't picky about the size or content; I just wanted something simple and pretty and preferably not too expensive.Within ten minutes the woman behind the counter had me picking out a rose and a couple of other flowers, and did them up in a lovely little bud vase with a ribbon.  She charged me a very reasonable price for them, too - well below what I expected to spend at a professional flower shop.  And best of all, my friend loved the flowers, and even commented she liked the simplicity of the arrangement so they weren't overpowering in her tiny hospital room.I probably won't be back often, as I don't spend a lot of time in Tempe, but based on the one experience I would absolutely recommend this place.
5	My favorite flower shop! On Fridays- they sell all their cut flowers for 1/2 price! They've cut the hours and now close at 5:00 pm instead of 6:00 (sigh)Very nice people and great service. They have a wonderful assortment of beautiful flowers and potted plants. Small and local ! Highly recommended.
3	My rating is 3 stars rather than 4 because of their computer system, not because of their flowers. The flowers have always been decent and delivered on time. I've used Phoenix Flowers multiple times a year for the past 9 years to send flowers to my family and friends, spending between $500 - $1,000/yr. I know there are many good florists in the valley that are comparably priced; my reason for sticking with Phoenix Flowers for so long was because all of our information was in their system (mine for sending & billing, family/friends' for receiving), which made it incredibly convenient.My billing address changed this year. When I called to place an order I was told that they could not just change my billing address. I had to create an entirely new account and all of my information and my recipients' information had to be re-entered.I took this as an opportunity to try out a new florist, since I would have to recreate my account no matter who I used.
5	Ordered flowers; delivered same day. Great service and the gal even offered me a coupon for my selection.
2	Went in for a simple bouquet of mixed white flowers. I stood out front, unhelped for too long. When I collected the bouquet, I asked if it could be bound as a bouquet and she said "no, we just wrap it in plastic"... The people behind us, in line... Said this shop has some of the worst service in town...  The gal brought the flowers back out, haphazardly wrapped without any moisture wrap on the stems...
