5	Oh.  My.  Goodness.I am a lover of brunch and Enrico's just secured a place in my heart.  Their new Highland Park location is exactly what Pittsburgh needed, and best of all, it is in walking distance to my house (and a lot of others).First of all, the menu consists of ~10 plates and 6 sides.  Most of the plates are different combinations of fresh greens, eggs, polenta, pasta, sausage, bacon, focaccia and cheese!  I had a frisee salad with fried egg, bacon and foc and it was perfect.  The greens were a wonderful highlight to a snowy pittsburgh day.  My partner had a similar plate but without the bacon and add roasted tomatoes.  Hers was also good but we would have prefered the tomato warm (& in season, but what can you do).  The coffee was perfect and organic/fair trade from a co-op in Nicaragua.The decor was simple, and made good use of the space and re-found chairs, tables and benches.  There was great light from the front and I can't wait to eat out on the porch.They have a great kids menu and a small menu of "OMG I'm hungry!" items, that consists of some perfect Sugar/Ginger donuts that we took to go.Hoping this stays a Highland Park secret and the Shadysiders will stay to their side of the busway!
4	A Highland Park satellite of the fabulous Enrico's Biscotti mothership in the Strip District.  I had the impression they were open only for weekend brunch, hopefully that will change as the operation picks up steam.  They have a lovely dining room that opens to a big outdoor terrace, comfortable blackboard-painted tables, fresh flowers, white walls, wooden floors, menu written on a big chalkboard up front.  The food is fresh, seasonal, local, with a focus on Mediterranean cuisine, beautifully presented.  I had an asparagus and goat-cheese omelette with carmelized onions, roasted red potatoes and a frise salad with walnuts, goat cheese, cranberries and balsamic viniagrette -- basic and yummy.  My friend had baked polenta swimming in fresh bright marinara.  We had to wait about 20 minutes for a table -- we hung out in a downstairs bar area where you can nosh on coffee, tea and biscotti while you wait.   E2 is a great, very welcoming new option for brunch in the burgh -- go and enjoy!
4	Friends had been trying to get us on a Highland Park "brunch and pastry crawl" for weeks.We started the morning at E2.  A great choice.My husband and I arrived first and were seated right away on the front patio.  It felt very European sitting in the sun, sipping coffee, and watching the people line up next door at Food Glorious Food.The waiter was knowledgeable and understanding when our friends were late. I had a fabulous fig bread pudding with goat cheese. My husband was slightly less interested in his choice: a brioche with truffle honey and Camembert.  He said the brioche was a little tasteless and doused with too much honey. But overall it was a great experience.
4	I recently went here with Boyfriend and lovely friend A after a long debaucherous (sure, that's a word) night and we were really looking for some Saturday brunch to revive us.  We sat inside but right near the open door to the patio so there was a nice breeze.  I had iced coffee which was just fine - nothing special.  We started with the bag o' doughnuts which were very good!  Crispy and light.  I wish they weren't out of the beignet (but I got to have some the next day at Sunday Brunch at Avenue B - hey I really like brunch, ok??) I wish I had gotten the bread pudding that A suggested (before we left it was wiped off the chalkboard menu - I bet it was delicious!) but I was in the mood for something savory and got the frittata.  It had sauteed greens, mushrooms, mozzarella, and tomatoes (I think?) it was also fine but not very flavorful or fluffy.  It came with a salad which was delicious and fresh.  A's brioche and fruit and cheese looked much better than mine as did Boyfriends' eggs.  Oh but the side of bacon was SO good - thick and meaty and crispy - GREAT bacon.  Maybe I'd bump it up half a star just for the bacon.  The potatoes were also really good - not overdone as many brunch potatoes are.It's a nice little place to grab some brunch - it was within walking distance of the house so that was a bonus.  If you have a lot of people you might have trouble getting seated because it's pretty small.  The prices were pretty good for a nice brunch, nothing over $12 and all the starters are $5.  Nice patio, quiet neighborhood people watching - it definitely cured my ills and I'd go back again but probably would go for the bread pudding!
5	Thank you for opening in highland park.   So good.
4	I like this place. The food was good and is ever changing. I guess that could be a good thing or a bad thing. I had banana bread pudding it was good, quite sweet. My girl had poached eggs with roasted tomatoes. She said it was "very savory and flavors well together" ha ha. We will be back to try more of the menu. Nice addition to the neighborhood.
3	What a quaint little place that I never knew existed. Known for brunch, I dined here on Saturday night when they were testing their dinner menu. Overall, a few kinks to work out but I enjoyed my meal, ambiance and the fact that my husband and I had our daughter in tow and no one knew. (She was quiet as a mouse and asleep in her car seat in the corner by our table below the chalkboard of specials.) BYOB. Ingredients sourced from local farms. Likes: Starters are called OMGs!, spicy tomato sauce on the ravioli, goat cheese galore (Midnight Moon paired with grilled beats was awesome!), tagliatelle tossed with anchovy, ricotta cream topping on blackberry apple crostada, peppy waitstaff.Not so much: Bread, a carrier for those cute OMGs, was oh so bland. I overheard someone say it's not supposed to be the star. But it needed something -- salt, at least. Was super excited for walnut tapenade but it was loaded with blue cheese. Hubby said the 2 often go together so ... now I know. Also, the red sauce on the yummy meatballs was not the same delish spicy, fruity sauce on the ravioli. The meat could have handled the spice.Would definitely recommend, if nothing else than for dessert. In addition to the crostada, the usual goodies from Enrico's are available.  And yes, we pigged out and got the macaroons too.
5	What a gem!  Thanks god this place is going to start serving dinners too!   Very cute decor, quaint countryside cafe vibe, small outdoor seating area, friendly staff, chalkboard menu, fresh, local/organic ingredients.  Had brunch here the other day. Loved it!  1) get the beignets!  $5 delightful explosions of fried deliciousness 2) BYOB - bring booze for mimosas or bloody mary's 3) ginger donuts are very fun 4)  polenta with a red pepper cream sauce and fried egg with runny yolk - very nice. $145) good coffee6) practically drooled on my neighbor's breadpudding with goat cheese - next time i'm getting that
2	Good food - straightforward, good fresh local ingredients, non chi-chi plates, and a very nice space in a great neighborhood. HOWEVER, after my 3rd visit, I decided that the food wasn't good enough to make me want to put up with the *abominable* service.  No more E2 for me: I've had enough of the waiters with attitude (one nice guy - none of the others were anything but extremely rude), hostess who makes it clear what an honor it is that she is paying any attention to you, and whomever answers the phone should be fired - she scares the customers away.
3	more like 2.5 starsI'd been looking forward to visiting E2, since I love the woodfired pizza and breezy continental vibe at Enrico's cafe in the Strip.They're working the same vibe at E2, with water served in repurposed wine bottles, wildflowers on the table, and menu chalked on the wall. All very cute and comfortable.Unfortunately, the food was very disappointing. We went for brunch service. I ordered the "frisee, bacon & egg" salad, hoping it'd be something like that old favorite, lardon & frisee salad. The bacon and egg were just fine, but instead a heap of frisee, I got a wan pile of undressed generic Restaurant Depot spring mix. Sure there was some frisee tossed in there, but this was just sad. I am so sick and tired of spring mix. That's why I jumped at the frisee! What's worse than undistinguished baby salad greens? Undressed baby salad greens. At $11 I was hoping for something a little bit better thought-out.My dining companion had the italian hoagie with fried egg, and it was just that. A competent italian hoagie, not much different than what you'd find at your corner hoagie joint, other than the price. woo-freaking-hoo. Enrico people: if you're reading this, know that I love you, but that I expect more from you.
3	e2 was my first Pittsburgh brunch adventure, and I enjoyed it. First off, the atmosphere was exactly what every brunch venue should be. The tables scrawled with Italian phrases, a pastry menu titled "OMG I'm so hungry" and signed with "xoxo," and a front that opens out to a patio, so that even if you're sitting inside you get the sunlight and a nice breeze...everything was ridiculously cute. Our waiter was very friendly and helpful, and service was prompt.Everything, and I mean everything on the menu sounded incredible. I struggled deciding what to order, but ended up getting poached eggs with a salad, roasted tomatoes, and a side of bacon. Unfortunately, I was disappointed by the poached eggs. The yolks were cooked solid?  Everything else, however, was perfect. The salad was very lightly dressed with bleu cheese and walnuts, perfect for breakfast, and the roasted tomatoes were delicious. Did I mention the bacon? I was having a serious bacon craving and this really hit the spot. Just enough grease, just enough crunch, and just enough seasoning. I hadn't had bacon this good in a long time. While my choice was good, I was very jealous of my boyfriend's meal. The carbonara he ordered may have been the best I have ever tasted, and I'm picky about my pasta. We also ended up getting a bag o' donuts (so cute!) to go, and they were fresh and piping hot. The ginger flavor was unexpected and gave them a little kick.The only reason I can't love this place is the high prices...our brunch, with coffee and aranciata, came to over $40. I'm willing to pay for a good brunch at an upscale restaurant but the dishes were fairly simple and the portions weren't very big. Overall, I just didn't feel the prices matched the ultra-casual quaint cafe ambiance. After eating brunch at several other spots in Pittsburgh, I'm just not sure e2 is really worth my money, but I will probably be back again for the donuts.
4	This is a cute little restaurant in a sleepy neighborhood, across the nicely named Smiling Banana Leaf. The interior is simple and small -- perhaps 8-10 tables. Brunch items are listed on the blackboard; appetizer like items called OMGs come on the menu. We went there for Sunday brunch on a chilly November day. I got the polenta with peppernata & fried eggs, and my lovely girlfriend got the omelet special. Both of these were very good along with coffee. Our server was also friendly and coffees were filled regularly.On the negative side, they were out of the zeppoli, which I looked forward to having in addition to our brunch items. The interior was very cold, especially when the outside door was open; there was a small heater by us which was good at heating itself and not much else.We would definitely go there again, but we hope we can taste the zeppoli and the restaurant is warmer.
3	I had brunch at E2 a few months ago and, all in all, I wasn't too impressed. In light of yesterday's Post-Gazette review of their dinner offerings, I tried it again. The hostess/waitress, Lauren, was very helpful and welcoming. Other than a large group near the window(s), my friend and I were the only other individuals int he restaurant. As a result, we sat towards the back and we cozy and warm on a snowy winter's night (contrary to the complaints of the establishment being chilly). First off, it's BYOB. : ) The OMGs (i.e. tapas plates) intrigued me. So, I selected the white beans and, for $3, I received about 1/8 of a can of flavorless mushy white beans. The grilled bread was good and in endless supply. I had the mixed greens salad (with beets and gorgonzola) and it was great. I also had the mushroom arancini, a ball of mushrooms, risotto, and mozzarella rolled in panko bread crumbs and flash fried. In a word: DELICIOUS! For dessert, my friend and I tried the Meyer lemon mess. While the citrus was a welcome contrast to the snow outside, it was smothered in whipped cream and a little basic. Both my friend and I gave this place a 6 (out of 10). It's a nice place for din-din during the week, but I would NOT wait to be seated here on a Friday or Saturday night...there are too many better restaurants in Pittsburgh.
4	e2 has a great menu that is always changing with a focus on seasonal and local. The four times I've been I've always had great service with no attitude from anyone.I love the food, everything's been delicious and I try to vary what I eat each time--pretty easy considering their ever changing menu. I especially love their desserts, which are handled with a kind of care I could only expect from the Enrico family.I'll definitely continue to come back to e2, something about just makes me happy.I wrote a longer review of e2, with plenty of delicious photos on my web site. http://eatinginpittsburgh.com/2011/02/09/culinary-merits-bryant-street/
5	I've gone to E2 about 3 times now and I think it's time for a review after our last visit, in which we celebrated our friend's birthday. Dinner at E2 is wonderful. It's new and exciting, yet familiar too. It's exactly what Highland Park needed...and Pittsburgh, too! The atmosphere is cozy, relaxed and unpretentious. There is NO typical tacky Italian restaurant decor. It's simple and lovely...especially if you get to dine outside. The staff is awesome! Everyone is super friendly, happy and helpful! They pretty much became our bffs in one night. The food is...well...simply delicious. It's how you never realized Italian/American food should taste. Nothing is over done, nothing is "too much" or "too little." The menu changes daily and stays seasonal and local. Needless to say, the food is fresh! The emphasis on using seasonal and locally derived ingredients is so, so important and E2 poses the question "Why can't all restaurants do this?" From the pumpkin tortellini to the ox tail, the menu offers a variety of vegetarian, meat and seafood options all executed creatively, but never over the top. Chef Kate Romane does an excellent job of reminding you how food is supposed to taste: fresh and exciting, yet comforting and satisfying. The portions range from tapas to family style. All of which is perfect for having a family-like group of friends to dine with (as we did)! We had a chef's sampling of almost everything on the menu. As we passed the plates around, we discussed and dissected each bite, mesmerized by the high quality of food and preparation, succumbing to the comfortable, familial magic of E2. Oh, how could I forget, E2 is BYOB, And boy, did we BYO... but that didn't seem to bother the staff, rather they seemed to encourage it. So, hours later, we slowly pulled ourselves together, said good bye to our new friends and, almost unwillingly, left E2. It was like leaving Grandma's house... a place you have fond memories of and a place you know you'll continue to make fond memories for years to come. And like at any grandma's house, at E2, you're sure to have a perfectly delicious, carefully prepared, heart warming meal in a cozy environment perfect for sharing laughs creating memories with your family...and your extended family you have yet to meet.
4	"R2D2"... "E2" cool! "Uhm...no genius, E squared" HB corrected. OOOH! I'm quite the nerd! On our way to Smiling Banana leaf we stumbled on E2. There was a sweet couple just leaving and they highly approved of their evening.BYOB already in hand for dining at the banana,  E2 BYOB,  A OK lets go!I will be back to SBL but HB was having some BF troubles so it was her pick. She wanted pasta and I'll eat anything! This place is not just for brunch. I got the impression that they have a fast changing menu offering fresh produce that changes with the seasons. The special menu board had many options.It is cute as pie in there too. We sat at a banquette along the wall at around 8:30 on a Wednesday night. The chalkboard looking tables with handwritten Italian script, low lights for intimate dining, and fresh English garden looking center pieces. Bellissimo!The server was nice and prompt offering advice and getting to the matter of opening our wine for the $6 fee. Seen cheaper. Still better than a $30 bottle that you find in the store for $10.I wanted to try the butter squash with chevre starter but HB wanted boring salad. "Whatever...get what you want" I complained but going to lose points as a dining partner if you're not more courageous! She decided on the walnut, beet, arugula, and blue cheese salad. I know I should have tried the BC but I had my heart set on chevre and they made the switch for me without a word. I just crave the sweet crunchy beets mixed with that creamy goat cheese, plus the nuts. I go NUTZ! Soo good! HB doesn't like beets so she left them all for me to enjoy.For our entrees. Huge meatball dish from the next table over Ho! I am big fan of meatballs and I wanted to try. I was debating between the Oxtail and polenta dish vs the spaghetti and meatballs. Oxtail great menu choice but can be fatty so that's why I was questioning?? The choice was made for me as they only had a half order of the meatballs left. So there it was. HB decided on the Rigatoni alla Bolognese.I don't know if anyone likes to play chef in the kitchen at home but I do and last time I made my famous football chili I added Oxtail. It is a pricey, flavorful meat on the bone yet quite fatty. It requires a long braising or slow cooker time to allow for the melt in your mouth taste. The point is that the fat needs to be addressed. My oxtail polenta dish was just that. Tender bites, a little fatty but not the gristley type. The sauce was thick with nice sized chunks of carrots. Herb seasoned and buttery polenta worked so well in the mix.I ate it all because "this is not a take home sort of dish" I told HB. Haha I just wanted to finish it off without the look. I did have a couple bites of her Bolognese and I would have thoroughly appreciated hers as well. Dessert? No room but I will be back to try the BEIGNETS! Cheers!
4	Great brunch spot in a quaint, quiet neighborhood. Being from San Francisco, I'm used to waiting in line. And if you have to wait, you know it's good. E2 fit that mold. Waiting an hour for a table can be challenging, especially when you have a 1-year-old baby in the mix (not mine).Thankfully, after all that waiting, our waitress comped our drinks. We weren't even complaining about the wait! I love the menu aesthetics. Simple and real. Its a hand-written list of dishes along with the prices. All the brunch choices are healthy and fresh.I opted for poached eggs, accompanied by a salad and a side of bacon. Portion size was perfect, meaning I was able to finish my whole plate and not want an ounce of food more. Way to go E2, can't wait to come back and wait in line for as long as it takes.P.S. If you can, try the mushroom risotto cakes or the blood orange goat cheese bread pudding. You're welcome.
5	Love this place! Great food, fabulous service, cool vibe.  We dined here this weekend  for dinner with 6 other friends and we had the entire downstairs to ourselves (which was perfect, because we tend to be a loud bunch when we all get together). The OMG menu is delish- especially the hummus. The main entrees and fabulous too-- shrimp risotto was devine and the mussles were juicy and tender. Oh, and it's BYOB, which is always a nice feature. :)The location is a huge plus as well-- it is nestled in the Highland Park neighborghood near a few other shops/bakeries/ect.  It has a hip, San Fran vibe. I have a good feeling about this area of the neighborhood and can't wait to return for the much talked about brunch!
4	Love the unabashed use of fresh foods. The menu is short, but everything I've had on the menu has been great. The brunch menu is also pretty awesome. I would definitely get the donuts again. If the place was just a littttle bit bigger, it'd be awesome.
3	Recently had brunch at E2 with my brother and parents.  This is a great addition to what is becoming one of the coolest restaurant locations in Pittsburgh.  I grew up in Highland Park so I love seeing the development of E2, Banana Leaf, Park Brugge, and Tambellini's all so close to each other.E2 has a bunch of menu items on a chalkboard and a few starters on small paper menus they give out.  We started with the zappoli with parmasean, black pepper, and anchovies.  It was a tasty and savory way to start off our brunch.  For an entree I went with the pepper polenta with red sauce.  This was also quite flavorful and savory.  My brother loved the "mush" with maple "mess" on top.  Our servers were extremely attentive and friendly.  Our coffee mugs were frequently refilled.  E2 is very small (about 10 tables) and no one pressured us to leave despite the big crowd that was gathering outside waiting for tables.I would love to come back sometime for dinner.  E2 is BYOB and they do not have a liquor license.  They have some outdoor tables that would be a perfect place to grab lunch or dinner in the summer.  Many businesses have come and gone over the years in this exact location.  I'm hoping that with this new restaurant renaissance taking place in Highland Park, E2 will be here to stay.
3	A charming setting in a neat niche neighborhood, this restaurant is the very picture of a brunch spot. We arrived for brunch at around 11. There was no wait. Our wiatress promptly poured us the much needed coffee. The OMG-ISH! menu was a cute touch. We shared the beignets, which were hot and airy, perhaps the high point of the meal.Because we started so well, The rest of our meal was disappointing in contrast. We ordered four dishes: blood orange bread pudding with goat cheese and balsamic; polenta with red pepper sauce; farmer's pie; and an omelet with sausages. I sampled all four plates, and none of them was a success. The preparation was on the dry side (e.g., overcooked eggs) and not  enough seasoning was used. The kitchen seems to have a thing for making piles of soft food -- One item on the menu is called "mush" and another has the word "mess" in it's description. It's tongue in cheek, of course, but there is some truth to it too. I really do feel that some textural contrast would improve our meal significantly (for example, the polenta could have been lightly grilled for some crunchiness).I wanted to like E2 because it has the potential to be such an awesome brunch place. It's a pity that the food was disappointing.
3	GREAT HOMESTYLE ITALIAN BRUNCH!!Went with hubby and baby for Sunday Brunch. Humble little place but cute - ate on patio. Menu reminded me of happy comfortable Italian HOMESTYLE cooking. Not over the top but still unique.We tried bag of donuts- fried doughnut holes with ginger and sugar. Fried dough is always wonderful (rule of nature) but I wanted a more obvious punch of ginger flavor -was too subtle.Tried Zeppolis - Savory pepper and parmesan coated fried dough with AND without anchovy. Great flavor combo - would be better with a little less parmesan - on the verge of too salty with anchovy. Would be great with side of homemade red sauce HINT HINT!Little B had fancy kids grilled cheese - ate every biteHubs had Carbonara - great flavors, just right portion size. Ate it all!Momma had frittata- AMAZING! Topped with delicious homemade sauce and served with grilled bread and small salad - perfect portion, tasty! Really simple yet savory red sauce - great to sop on the bread! This is just a lovely brunch plate with Italian twist!This place also gets points for it's use of fresh, local, sustainable, organic produce! Really great little place investing in a up and coming location! Would love to go back and try other menu items!!!!
2	I went here for brunch with family and while it's has a cute ambiance, I wasn't blow away by the food.  It was good, but not great.  I can't even remember what I ate...not a great sign.  The beignets...not sure what all the raves are about...they were ok, but I've had better.
4	Cozy brunch spot on Bryant Street in Highland Park. Very small restaurant with outdoor tables and shabby chic decor. Service is excellent. The food is good, but may vary significantly by dish. I would go here with family (it's kid-friendly), friends, or partner. BYOB. We stopped in on a Saturday morning, which was surprisingly uncrowded. The hostess was also our waitress, who did an excellent job fielding our questions and making good suggestions.  I would recommend the sandwich and bag of donuts. The former was some kind of amazing salami, egg, cheese, and arugula combo. The latter were small, cute, and dusted with some sugary cinnamon goodness. The mush and poached eggs were good, but not quite as excellent.
5	So filling and amazing. It really is home style italian action! Polenta for brunch. its heaven. So cute casual and the coffee is wonderful. Still have to make it for dinner. The wait staff is wonderful as well. Everyone seems really into what they are doing.
3	We wanted to like this place, really we did.  And there a lot of things to like - cozy ambiance, friendly service, awesome beignets.  But the food was, in our opinion, just "meh."We came here for brunch on a Sunday morning and tried the Zucchini risotto cakes and the french toast.  The french toast was better than the risotto cakes, which had a crispy exterior so crispy that it was like chewing on ... I dunno, rocks?  Definitely beyond the crispy stage and moving into the rock stage.  Anyway, so that wasn't so great, but the french toast was legitimately tasty.  Was it $11 tasty?  I guess where it goes wrong (for me) is that I used to get a stuffed French toast from Dozen (back when they were open) that was seriously good stuff that probably cost about the same.  So... in the matchup against good ole Dozen's Sunday brunch, this couldn't compare.  And that made me sad.  =(We're game to give it another try, but it's just a Meh to us.  We'd rather go to Casbah or Frick Cafe.
3	My wife and I had brunch here today and it was rather mediocre. The zucchini risotto was incredibly over cooked and the french toast was tasty, but nowhere near as good as what Dozen (sad) used to make. The atmosphere is cute, but the acoustics are terrible. It's a small space with lots of people...it gets loud.Also, the wait staff were generally okay, but, for lack of a better term, uninterested. We asked for more hot water for our tea and it came promptly, but the waitress sat it down while turning her back to us to take care of something else. She did the same a few other times. Nothing major, but it just didn't give off a very warm and friendly vibe.
5	I've lived in Highland Park for a couple of months now, and heard some good things about E2. I was finally able to check it out this weekend for brunch, and I was very impressed!The menu is written on a chalkboard inside the restaurant, and since we ate outside, it was a little awkward standing up and peering inside at the menu. But, whatever, it was well worth it for the food that we got!I ordered the "Mush"-- weird name, but delicious! It was a piece of polenta topped with pecans, sausage, pecan, and a wonderful sticky maple-y caramel-y sauce, and a couple slices of toast (the bread may have been homemade, though I'm not sure). Soooo good!I though the service was fine-- prompt and professional. No complaints about it. It seems that their menu changes frequently, so I will definite return to try something else!
4	Today was proclaimed a Sunday Funday since the weather was beautiful.  Already in a fantastic mood, 5 friends and I headed to E2 for the famed brunch.It was delicious!!!! Biscotti, polenta, french toast, french press.  Everyone was so in love with their dishes that we were all trying each others to see which was best.The place is small, charming, cute...everything a brunch spot should be.  Also, seemed very into sustainability and not having a ton of disposables.The only reason they are not getting a 5 star is because the coffee was disgusting.  I mean disgusting.  Both myself and a friend had coffee grinds and it was super weak.  Maybe just an off day in terms of coffee?
4	Ate brunch here on a Saturday, early afternoon. Great space, definitely has potential as a warm, cozy place for the winter. Unfortunately the food didn't fully meet our expectations, but maybe it was just a one-off less-than-great day.Coffee was good, though. As were the beignets.Service, well, it was a bit hit and miss. The waitresses were pleasant enough but slow (maybe not their fault; the place was really packed).I'll definitely return and try dinner.
4	I went here for brunch with 2 of my friends.  We went on a Sunday morning around 10 am and had about a 2 hour wait.  Fortunately we were prepared for the wait so it didn't bother us much.  They also give you free coffee while you're waiting, which helps a lot!!  The restaurant is very small and has a warm atmosphere about it.  The hostess and our eventual waiter were very friendly and attentive.   The menu was a chalkboard menu, which I love, because you know it's always changing and made with fresh ingredients. All 3 of us enjoyed our meals, and, since I sampled my friends, I can concur that they were all equally delicious!  We had read good reviews about the beignets before hand and I have to reiterate those reviews - these are a must order item!  You will not be dissappointed.  All in all, E2 is a cozy setting with a mouth-watering menu - the only downside being the long wait - but that won't deter me from going back for brunch and hopefully (soon) visitng for dinner.
3	Perfect neighborhood joint to walk to for brunch. Noisy. Tight seating. Often a wait. Beware of deep fried doughnuts & beignets -- quite tasty if hot hot hot. (Nasty if not not not!) Seems to have a constant brunch menu that doesn't change much even if it is chalkboard based. Frittatta, quiche, omelet, french toast, farmer's egg platter, etc. Most served with a decent portion of spring mix salad and burnt-grilled Italian bread. Satisfying and reasonably priced  between $10-$12 per dish with additional sides ata $4-$6. Food is locally sourced. The Polenta Pepperanata has a tasty sauce that is heightened if the egg is cooked correctly, over easy or soft. But often egg dishes here are over-cooked. The Risotto cakes are tasty. The Italian hoagie seems to sell well, tastes of quality ingredients, but otherwise is just an Italian hoagie.
5	Farm to table fantastic! Awesome brunch!
4	My favorite place to head after waking up on a lazy grey skied winter weekend, I enjoy heading to E2 for its fresh style, which is unassuming greatness. Beignets are a great start-don't pass them up. I've had frittata and the mush (deliciously coated with perfect amount of syrupy goodness). Also sampled off friends plates - Mac n cheese was good, stuffed french toast excellent. Gets crowded with wait times so if that annoys you, head in around opening. Service has always been good. Everything made from scratch ciabatta so good, I wanted to buy a loaf (NFS). Twice we weren't able to order first choice - risotto and something with truffles. We were there quite early, so it was a bit surprising to have 12 choices and 2 were unavailable. Still always enjoy this place. So good, you just roll with it.
5	A great vibe, tasty menu with lots of rich flavors, and a donut menu!? Their taters/maters/beans are surprisingly decadent, and their french toast is drenched in blueberry sauce and goat cheese.Definitely the most unique part is the donuts, and they have about 10 crazy flavors (we got a pepper corn parmesan that was delicious, and nice to slather our eggs onto). Saturday brunch is less crowded than sunday. Enjoy!
5	I wish that I could find fault with this place but I can't.  Good cheese, salads, entrees, dessert, and coffee.  Waiter was very helpful and attentive without being annoying.  Like the BYOB too.  Highly recommend.
3	This place was really only mediocre. My girlfriend and I enjoyed the appetizers, (we had the asparagus), but neither of us were crazy about our main dish. She had the polenta, which was overcooked, and I had pasta with sausage that was dry. Nice atmosphere, great service, boring food.
5	Excellent establishment! Their greens and beans with sausage were great; greens still had a bit of a crunch to them. It's a byob and the atmosphere lends itself to an at home feeling of comfort. It's great for a big group or just a few.
2	Yuck. I went there twice. Nothing memorable was served, other than pasta from a box. I would not return.
5	We went with a party of 4 and had quite an amazing evening.  Our food was creative, fresh, local and cooked to perfection.  I like that you can mix and match appetizers, that way everyone gets something they like and everybody shares. The wait staff was extremely friendly, attentive and helpful.  I can't wait to go back again.
4	I ate here this past Thursday evening for dinner with my girlfriend.  The inside of the restaurant is actually quite intimate as I counted only 26 seats and all of the appetizers and desserts are on a chalkboard on one side of the dining room. My girlfriend and I decided to start off our meals by ordering the pickled vegetables and heirloom tomatoes.  Since I do not enjoy tomatoes at all,  I was eagerly looking forward to the pickled vegetables.  They came to our table together with a large side of slightly toasted bread and at $3 each seemed to be a bargain.  Whenever I looked at the pickled vegetables though I became confused as the pickled vegetables was actually pickled vegetable (taking the s off of the chalkboard should have been easy enough) and not one that I had any knowledge of.  Since I am an adventurous eater I dove into it anyways and found it to be quite good when it had some of the freshly cracked pepper on it but a bit bland without.  After both appetizers were finished the server came back to collect the dishes and I was able to find out that I had eaten some Kohlrabi.  For my entree I decided upon the spinach tortellini with chicken.  I was once again surprised whenever it came as the chicken was dark meat and not the chicken breast that I had been picturing.  While I am not against dark meat and ended up enjoying it, the presentation of it on top sort of ruined what was otherwise a beautiful dish with the green spinach tortellinis, white pine nuts and flecks of red pepper in the sauce.  Overall the dish was excellent.  The tortellinis had a good tasting filling inside and the softness of them paired well with the slightly crunchy pine nuts while the small amount of chile in the sauce gave it an extra dimension. The bottom line for me is that I would definitely come here again in the future.  My entree was delicious and it seems like a place that is willing to experiment a bit with food.  Next time I will probably bring a bottle of wine as well as this is a BYOB place with a $6 corkage fee.
4	We all accept that life is about trade offs.  You can smoke, but you might get emphysema.  You can hit the buffet instead of the gym, but you won't look your best for swimsuit season.  And normally, if you want fresh, authentic bistro cuisine that tastes like you're eating it in Sicily, you have to suffer a snooty, too good for you waiter and pay through the nose.That all changed, of course, when E2 came on the Pittsburgh culinary scene!  The most delicious authentic Italian food I've had since Italy, with reasonable prices, generous portions and an EXTREMELY friendly, down to earth, enthusiastic and knowledgeable staff all housed in a cozy little cafe.  After going last night, the only question left in my mind is: When can we go back?PS. For appetizers order and share the scrumptious $3 and $5 dollar tasting plates of artisianal meats, veggies and cheeses.  Think terrifically transcendent tapas tastings!
4	Can be hard to get into.  Check hours, too.
4	I had been wanting to come here for quite some time, and finally made it in for brunch last weekend. I can't even remember how this place got so hyped up in my mind - all I know is that for months it has been on the top of my list. That may be why I was a little bit disappointed despite the fact that I thoroughly enjoyed my experience there. First of all, the coffee is great. It is Fair Trade, though I'm not sure where it is from. The donut menu is neat too, although I am not much of a donut person. If I were I think I'd be in heaven though. The main brunch menu is written on a blackboard, which is hard to read, but I'm guessing it is because they switch up the menu quite often. I am all about creative chefs and frequent changes to menus so if that is the case, it makes sense. I tried a polenta dish with a red sauce (sorry - I can't remember exactly what it was) and thought it was great. I also got to try the egg sammy, which was also great.Make sure to bring cash - Brunch is cash-only (maybe dinner is too) and there is an ATM across the street, but it was out of order when I was there.
4	A wonderful addition to the food scene in Pittsburgh. I've only been here for brunch, and it features creative and artisanal dishes at great prices. The beignets are delicious as well and reasonably priced at $5 for a bag. I love that the menu is constantly changing and that the chefs are willing to experiment with different flavors/ingredient combinations. Definitely give this place a shot for brunch. You won't be disappointed!
4	So, our first time to E2, we were underwhelmed. We came for brunch, and while parts of the meal were pretty good, the overall experience wasn't good enough to get us to come back.Some friends mentioned that E2 was doing dinners, and suggested that we give it another try. And, we are glad we did. They specialize in pastas, which is perfect for those of us who are vegetarian. The pastas are fresh and delicious. They are not meat heavy, so if you are looking for that, go across the street to Joseph Tambellini's. Otherwise, the food is good, the service is lovely, and the ambiance is cozy and nice. A very nice addition to the growing Highland Park restaurant landscape.
5	Oh my goodness. I LOVE this place! A friend invited me out to brunch here and I totally fell in love. And proceeded to eat EVERYTHING. everything.I know, I know, it's tiny and crowded and whatever, but for some reason, it just made me feel super cozy and reminded me of some of my favorite brunch spots on the west coast. There was something about the menu, the food, the service, the lovely fall day - everything just came together and it made our experience a blast. Naturally, we started out sharing the tony bag of d's (a delicious concoction of fried dough and ginger sugar) and the brown sugar zeppolis (also quite tasty). The tony bag of d's had a great kick of ginger spice - none of that weak artificial stuff! My only wish was that the sugar stuck better to the dough (don't worry, I licked that plate clean). I ordered the polenta with red sauce and dippy eggs - totally delish! The dippy eggs gave the polenta a rich creaminess that cornmeal could simply never achieve on its own. I also had the opportunity to try the risotto cakes and the frittata with leeks, both of which were great. While everything was super tasty, the risotto cakes definitely stole the show. Like the perfect cookie, the risotto cakes were crunchy on the outside, soft and chewy on the inside. What made them REALLY outstanding was the strong nutty undertones. I'm not sure if they were cooked in walnut oil, but whatever it was, it was amazing!Definitely worth the trip, especially considering everything split between us was about $15-20/person (including tax/tip). I think this might be a new regular in my weekly brunch rotation!
5	I've had dinner and brunch at e2 and both have been exceptional.  Last weekend, I had dinner with friends there and was impressed yet again with the quality of the food and unique dishes.  Despite having to wait for a table for an hour, the staff were more than accommodating and brought us glasses to open a bottle of wine while we waited downstairs.  There are very few places in the city whose menu changes with the frequency of e2's and maintains the quality and creativity of food.  I read a review below about the greens and beans, which is one of the dishes that I ordered, and I had quite the opposite experience.  It was very tasteful and filling.  Having grown up with my Nanna making greens and beans, I was still impressed.  Dessert was delicious.  I'm looking forward to returning to this restaurant and only hope that the wait doesn't get any longer in the future.
1	Two years later and the attitude problem hasn't been resolved, which makes me think that management is supporting or even encouraging the hostility with which the hostess greets potential customers. When the hostess at brunch could even find a moment to speak to the line of people waiting for a table (she pushed by them several times, avoiding eye contact on her way up or down the stairs - apparently without the social skills to say "sorry, but I'll be right back" or something equally quick but welcoming), she was rude to each group, hostile in the way she flung "45 minutes or more" at each person (no other words crossed her lips in the 20 minutes we stood there), and actually grabbed away the clip board from somebody who had picked it up to check the wait!  After 20 minutes our appetite had been ruined and so we headed across the street for a lovely warm welcome from the hostess at Park Bruges.
5	Did you know E2 has a newly renovated event space downstairs? Well, they do and the non profit that I work for, Union Project, had a happy hour there this past weekend. It was wonderful! The ambiance is perfect and the staff made the event effortless. Lights hang like an abstract constellation from the ceiling casting a warm glow over the space. There is plenty of room to set up tables and a dance floor and is the perfect setting for a birthday party, bachelor/bachelorette party, small reception or happy hour. The food was, in a word, amazing! We were assisted at every step from the initial planning stages to blowing out the candles at the end of the night, it was a wonderful experience. If you have a celebration coming up and you want a place that can make it happen from eats to digs, E2 is your place.
4	Excellent, casual restaurant.   Great, creative food, and a wonderful atmosphere.  The menu seemed a little light on choices, but it also seems that it changes frequently, so I can forgive that.  Nevertheless, there was something for everyone.  The one thing that kept me from giving this place the full 5-star rating was that the corkage fee was a bit high at $6 per person.
4	Finally went here for brunch today after having it on the to do list for over a year. On a Saturday morning, they were able to seat us immediately without a wait which was unexpected but pleasant. The interior is small and cozy, and the waitstaff were friendly.As appetizers, they have a variety of interesting donut flavors available. We tried the caramel ones which were among the best donuts I've ever had. Amazing. These aren't your standard donuts - they are little balls of deliciousness and come five to an order covered with toppings.Neither of us was as impressed with the actual brunch food. It was good, but on the heavy side and not overly remarkable. I probably wouldn't go out of my way to have brunch here again, but I would definitely go back for the donuts.
5	Coming here for brunch was probably one of the best ideas I've ever had. Had always heard about E2 but never really had a real chance to come eat. Brought my mom here for brunch a few weeks ago, when you first walk up to the entrance you think "wow what an awesome idea", at least that's what I thought, the front of the restaurant looks like it used to be somebodies house, then when you walk in you almost feel like maybe you should change your mind, but then you get seated, you see how the menu is on a chalkboard and you see how everything you're sitting at is so unique. Although it's small, it's worth feeling cramped. The food is out of this world and you can tell they use fresh local food with good ingredients. E2 is also BYOB so if you want a mimosa with your brunch you bring your favorite champagne and they provide the OJ.When my mom and I were there there was a bit of a wait, the waitress offered us to wait downstairs and gave us some coffee while we were waiting for a table, downstairs is this beautifully renovated room with mason jars hung up at lights and the beautifully crafted brand new bar and furnished tables. Which we later found out was a new party room donated to them.E2 is a wonderful experience all around, food and service is fantastic!
4	Very good brunch, especially the donuts!  "Lavender Lemon" donuts!  I had also gotten their "Kale and White bean hash."  It was pretty good.  Ambiance is nice, very quaint.  The restaurant is much, much smaller than I had expected, so if you go at a busy time, expect to wait!  Wait staff was super pleasant.
3	I've been here twice, once for brunch and once for actual dinner. Nothing special. I do appreciate that the restaurant is friendly to vegetarians/vegans comparatively speaking to other restaurants in Pittsburgh, but that's not exactly saying much. I had the doughnuts for brunch and they were delicious, but nothing memorable. I might order them again I suppose (if I'm forced to come here ever again). Our waitress at dinner was very sweet, and she even had a chef prepare me a special vegan pasta dish not listed on the menu. I was excited until it came out soaked with parmesan cheese. I gently reminded the waitress that cheese was not vegan, but to avoid waste of perfectly acceptable food, I ate the dish. I was hoping that it was Parmigiano-Reggiano that saturated my pasta (I do miss eating that parmesan cheese),but alas, it was not. The best thing about my dinner was the burgundy that my date brought as BYOB and the sauternes we drank after we left. Silver lining perhaps?
5	I'm officially an E2 junkie! After eating there at least once a week for the last three weeks and having an event catered at my house by Kate and Jason, I thought that I'd list my current favorites (and echo some other reviewers).  Meatballs are awesome. I recently said that Kate's tomato sauce may be as good as my mom's (which I'm only writing because she doesn't know what yelp is or else I'd be in serious trouble) and so are her meatballs. No pasta needed in my opinion. The mess is a must as are the cheeses and cured meats to start. The shrimp are also awesome and the warm crusty bread that comes with everything is perfect for sopping up all of the olive oil and tomato goodness. The beans and greens with sausage is a different but delicious take on a classic dish. I've had it a few times and it's been prepared differently each time. The last time I wish that there were more tomatoes in the dish but it was perfectly spicy and had fresh (and not soggy) kale throughout. The apple crostata with ice cream (of course!) is a MUST! I prefer to order a bunch of apps at E2 because you get to sample more, but that may change with the season and the menu.
5	This place is beyond great. Every time I've been there 3 or 4 times for dinner and sadly, only once for brunch (sometimes it's hard to get motivated to leave on a Sunday morning). The food is simple, unpretentious, and absolutely delicious. I swear they have a warehouse of the perfectly grilled bread they serve - it just keeps coming! An absolute must for anyone, couple, or small group.
3	Reading the reviews of E2, I was excited to give brunch a try. I am generally very happy with restaurants receiving high ratings on Yelp but I had to be honest with myself and give this place 3/5. I went with three friends on a Sunday morning and the general agreement was that it was good, but maybe not worth a second time.-The staff is very friendly, especially since they know you may have a 20-30 min wait. Although they offered us coffee immediately, we all thought it was complimentary until seeing the bill at the end of our meal ($2/coffee).-I ordered the Mush, which is a beautiful assembly of polenta topped with sausage and toast. But it was swimming in a pool of maple syrup and pecans. Had they limited the sweetness of the dish by reducing the sugar, it would have been much more enjoyable, as I found myself wiping off every piece of polenta and sausage I cut along the rim of the plate before putting anything in my mouth. I was craving salt by the end of the meal. My friends had the omelette and frittata, which they enjoyed.-I'm hoping we paid for the freshness of the ingredients (avg brunch dish is $11), which would make up for the actual taste.-Beignets were great, but kind of heavy. Ginger Tony donuts were ok too, but to me, they were not stellar enough for 5 stars.I admire the philosophy of the place, no less, and use of fresh ingredients (everyone raved about the freshness of the salad, omelette, etc) but the execution could be better to receive 5 stars.
3	The girls and I decided to head to E2 for brunch on a Saturday morning. Because it was a beautiful summer day, we had no difficulty getting an inside table as most people were waiting to be seated outside. We decided to start off right with an order of the homemade donuts to share. We chose the orange glazed donuts with almonds. I would describe the donuts as average. here was a hint of oange flavor but nothing note worthy. The chopped almonds did not stick to the donuts and ended up at the bottom of the dish. Being a fan of a sweet and carb heavy breakfast, I chose the strawberry french toast from the chaulk board menu which was heavy on egg dishes. After finishing the donuts, I eagerly awaited my french toast. Strawberries, chocolate and bread. How could you go wrong? E2 found a way. I was a ittle disappointed to see that the strawberries were not actually chocolate covered but werenormal strawberries with chocolate sauce drizzled over the french toast. A little bit of false advertising if you as me but I was still excited to take my first bite. My excitement soon diminished. The french toast was hard. I'm not talking been left on the griddle too long hard. I'm talking stale bread that has been left out for a couple days hard. It was so hard, I had difficulty cutting into it with my knife. Despite my love of carbs, I left an entire piece of french toast on the plate. In conclusion, I seriously doubt that I will return to E2 for brunch. The poor execution has left a bad taste in my mouth.
1	Do NOT schedule an event here!E2 cancelled my brother's rehearsal dinner at the last minute.  We were out of options at that point, and had to settle for place we could not afford.  The owner decided to give the space to his friend on that date, so they booted us out.  Very unprofessional. They were not apologetic, either.  It took a scathing email (which I never write) and a few phone calls to have them respond.  And we have yet to receive our security deposit.  Please do not make the same mistake my family did.  Look somewhere else for anything more than a small dinner reservation.
3	I wanted to love it, but they didn't open on time. The service was slow and its weird they don't have menus. You have to order off the wall which is fine, but the waitress said they were working on getting menu's. In my mind that takes 10 seconds to print menus. My scramble came with wooden twig in it about 1.5 inches long. The ingredients were fresh, but the price to value of the meal wasn't really very good.
5	Had a wonderful brunch with friends. The doughnuts were a meal in themselves -- with berry mess. Everything was great -- the hash, patata, omelets, the servers, even the coffee. Looking forward to going back.
1	My husband and I had just finished the Pittsburgh great race, and were in search of a delicious brunch joint. We had heard good things about e2, and wanted to come check it out. I was heartened that we did not have any wait at all on a Sunday, and our waiter got us started with coffees and water right away. He emphasized that if we wanted any substitutions on the menu, it was no problem. Normally, I would hesitate to order anything altered, but he made a big deal that this was really something they were completely used to, not a big deal. My husband ordered a frittata, and I ordered the white bean, rapini and sausage hash, without the sausage (I'm a vegetarian), eggs over easy. The orders came quickly, great! However, I had to send mine back as the eggs were completely well done, yolks completely solid. Not a big deal, and my eggs were redone very quickly. My husband's meal was very tasty - I had a bit of his while waiting. When my order came back the eggs were perfect! I dug right in. Only to find a huge piece of sausage in my hash! Here's the thing...I would NEVER have ordered the hash that normally comes with sausage, sans sausage, if the server hadn't outright encouraged me to make substitutions. I'm not usually a difficult diner. If I have to send something back (which rarely happens), I understand kitchens are busy, mistakes happen. However, having to send something back twice? Not okay. Then, we were charged for both meals! Yikes! They apologized in a hurried manner (the place was not that busy, if it was a mad house I would have understood this kind of behavior, but it was NOT).Also...if the hash had been AMAZING and WONDERFUL I would have probably also given more stars. I think if they'd done everything perfectly - e.g. the eggs were truly over easy, there was no sausage...I would have given them a 3/5 stars. The food was pretty bland, almost unsalted, and had little spicing of any kind. My hash was 80% bland fried potato chunks, 20% egg/rapini/bean. Not optimal for an 11$ brunch. However, given the awful service and poor recovery, I will never return.
4	We stumbled upon this place while looking for a Mediterranean restaurant - for some reason it's classified as Mediterranean, but I think this leans much more toward the "Italian" side than Mediterranean.  Nonetheless, this is a nice BYOB ($6 uncorking fee) restaurant in the Highland Park area of Pittsburgh.We started off with an "OMG" (as they call it) antipasto - it's made to order, and we selected the salami, Gorgonzola cheese, marinated olives and roasted eggplant. It was crisp, fresh, and very good. The antipasto also came with a toasted bread with garlic and butter, perfect for dipping in one of their sauces but more than delicious by itself. My wife ordered a chicken dish which came in a creamy tomato sauce - she was very satisfied, and described it as "hearty."I had the campanelle - a dish with pasta, chick peas, spicy sausage, roasted peppers, and steamed spinach. It was absolutely delicious. The service was excellent - our waiter Adam was very attentive, extremely helpful, and handled a large section with the utmost efficiency. My only gripe with the entire experience was the extremely loud volume in the dining room throughout the meal - not from the music or restaurant, but from the patrons. The restaurant is a converted house, and as a result the front dining room is a bit cramped. Most of the tables in this room are set up for two guests, but there are two tables in opposite corners that can accommodate parties of up to 6. When these large parties occupy the dining room, the noise become such that they wind up having to yell over each other to speak, which in turn drowns out everyone else's conversation. This could be avoided if they had a separate larger rooms to seat larger parties (downstairs perhaps?). Otherwise, my recommendation is to ask for one of the outdoor patio tables if the weather permits.
4	Restaurant with an eclectic personality, and staff that know and care about the quality of food and service that they provide. Their homemade donuts are literally to die for- the bacon and maple donut was even surprisingly delicious. And then there's their breakfast items... let's just say you can't go wrong with any of the dishes... all local, fresh foods and bursting with flavor. Definitely go here for brunch... your stomach will thank you. Just a heads up, cash only and  BYOB.
4	E2 has a handful of amazing dishes and some good Italian comfort food. On occasion, I've also tasted a so-so dish, but I continue to return to satisfy a few cravings. The appetizers (gorgonzola mess, anything pickled, bread) and brunch (amazing zeppoli - fried dough with parmigiano and pepper, donuts, bread pudding with goat cheese, breakfast sandwich) are best, and the BYOB is a great aspect. In the height of summer tomato season, I once had a delicious and memorable homemade ravioli with fresh tomato sauce. I think E2 excels at keeping large parties happy in the downstairs space with some great salads and appetizers and a create-your-own convivial atmosphere. Overall, a great spot to return to.
4	Had brunch today. Started with some Oreo beignets with mud sauce. They were novel, fresh and tasty. Also had the all in hash. Brussels sprouts. Peppers, bacon, kale, topped with 2 fried eggs. Finished with a little siracha sauce. Lovely! Cool atmosphere. Friendly wait staff. Overall nice experience. Will return for sure.
5	Fabulous brunch. The pomegranate donuts were a wonderful start. Had the patatas bravas. Simply great.
4	I had never even heard of this place before! I went along with a group of alums from my alma mater.  The food was fantastic and you could tell it was fresh.  The space is great! Much of it was built from recycled materials from Construction Junction.  The meatballs were the size of my head.  It took everything in me to keep from eating more than 2.  Please go!!!
5	OMG! Seriously, brilliant name for a bunch of doughnuts. But not just any doughnuts. Delicious little bites of heaven! They rotate, so for this visit I was able to try the cinnamon sugar zeppolli and orange coconut. Both were fantastic, with the cinnamon being the best of both. Next up was the main meal. I don't know how I could possibly decide, as everything up on the chalkboard menu looked tantalizing. I'm always wary of ordering anything other than pancakes or french toast for brunch, because it's usually always a good thing (and my fave brunch items), but the hash just looked too good to pass up. Especially a hash with brussells and bacon. So I went for it.And guess what? It was stellar! Probably the best non-pancake/french toast brunch I've ever enjoyed. EVER! It was mixed with onions, peppers and packed with flavor. With two massive eggs over easy and a delicious toasted piece of bread, I was trying not to lick the plate. Everything was so stellar that I'm looking forward to my next visit. I want everything there! Completely lived up to the hype and I want more!
4	This place is literally a hidden jewelry! It is a cozy restaurant with lots of character.  The space is not that big but it definitely gives you a nice, warm feel! The food is delicious and freshly made (at least my dish - the ravioli - was great and fresh).  The service is prompt and very professional.  There are not much things to say about the place because it is one of these places that you will definitely go back because your experience was nice.Also keep in mind that the classification on Yelp might be a bit misleading; the place is an Italian restaurant rather than a (general) Mediterranean restaurant (but this is fine).Only one down side for the place that the cork fee (because it is a BYOB) is 6$ (I find this rather unrealistic when a bottle of wine is $10-$12 :) )
4	Went here for brunch, and fell in love with their donuts. Perfectly crispy on the outside, soft and doughy on the inside, and delicious all over. We got the Lemon lavender donuts and I want to make it a mission to try all of them. I wish I had tried the savory donuts but the entree was so filling I couldn't go for another round. I got the brussels with bacon which was okay. It was more greasy than I had expected, but I mean...bacon. Definitely want to come back here for more, possibly their dinner instead of brunch. I believe that they're more adventurous with their dinner menu. While their brunch menu was good, it was pretty plain, good ol' hearty amurican food.
2	I tried to eat here yesterday for brunch.  I've been to E2 once before and the food is good.  Brunch is served until 2 pm on weekends.  We arrived at 1 pm and were informed that the restaurant was now closed for the day.  The hostess was quite condescending and didn't really explain why they were closing an hour early.  My assumption is that the restaurant is very small and there were a lot of people who had put names in ahead of us.  It was really very weird, however. They don't answer their phone and don't have a way to contact them on their website.  It seems that they aren't interested in customer feedback.  I doubt I will bother going back.
5	Hands down this is one of my favorite restaurants.... ever. And even though I might be young in age, I've dined in over 12 countries and watch an obscene amount of the Food Network so, I know my food. Nothing I've ever eaten here has disappointed me, and it's BYOB, honestly what more can you ask for. Have you ever had mozzarella wrapped in prosciutto, grilled, and served with an amazing red sauce with fresh herbs? No? Well then you should probably think about going to e2 tonight. I also don't think I've ever had a better pasta carbonara, I frequently dream about it, and I can't even get over how well the Brussels sprouts compliment it so beautifully. Or the linguine and clams, or the squash risotto (fall menu), even the farmer green salad with goat cheese and walnuts, everything I've tried has been wonderful. I drive my boyfriend absolutely insane because I have the strongest desire to try every reputable restaurant in Pittsburgh, but I'm having the hardest time moving on from E2, and I don't think want to.
5	Incredible service and food! I booked E2's family style tasting menu ($35 a person, waives corkage fee) for a friend's birthday dinner in January. The 8 of us arrived, and E2, immediately brought us bread, followed by huge platters of antipasto, two great salads, and then 4-5 different entrees and pasta options. They even brought the vegetarian a special dish, at no additional charge, which was also large enough to share. The menu also included dessert, and our waiter brought a brownie with a lit candle for the bday girl (so nice, and not requested). All of the servers were fabulous, as was the chef who came out to ask how everything was. We had so much food, everyone took home doggy bags. I will definitely return and LOVED the family style tasting menu and will use it when I have a big group that wants great food and service.
5	Hello Highland Park!  Wow, E2, a hidden and wonderful find for brunch this past Sunday.  Our group of about 10 was given a large farm table in the basement.  There is a bar set up so you can serve yourself coffee or tea.  The room is rustic and fun.  Rustic and fun, two words that don't normally go together.  Rustic because of the decor, fun because they played old school country music.  Onto the food.  We ordered an array of delicious donuts, both of the sweet and savory persuasion.  Five dollars for four perfectly cooked donuts per order.  Yum-o!I ordered the smoked salmon that was served with a spring mix salad with walnuts.  The smoked salmon had capers and a light cream served on top of egg.  Seriously amazing.Take a trek to Highland Park, Bryant Street is vibrant with a lot of locals walking around and the street is aligned with cute little shops.  I need to explore this area of town again, with E2 being a huge draw.
4	Gorgamess.  Need I say more?
5	This is hands down the best brunch spot in the city. The food is fresh, inventive and tasty; The service is competent and friendly; and the location is cute as a button. The little touches - the wine bottles of water on the table, the donut and zeppoli menu, the real maple syrup, the outstanding coffee - put this place head and shoulders above other places in the city. Also, they are awesome at providing a couple of veg options, are happy to sub out ingredients and offer both healthy and decadent options...from omlelettes, frittatas and a veggie plate with beans, salad and potatoes, to patatas bravas, foccacia French toast with pear-berry compote, dark chocolate-pistachio donuts and anchovy-stuffed zeppoli... any number of types of eaters would most def. leave this place stuffed and happy.
4	Went here for dinner on a friday night with three girlfriends. DELICIOUS! It's a little pricey, but the food was fantastic. We ordered apps, entrees, desserts and brought wine. There is a cork fee which isn't great, but I wasn't too bothered. My only complaint is that the restaurant closed at 10pm on a Friday night. They let us linger for a bit since we didn't get a table until 8:30 and we brought a lot of wine. We would've stayed longer, but they started cleaning up around us and it felt like we should go. The restaurant is cute and cozy, it would be perfect for a date night. I've heard good things about brunch, planning to try it soon!
4	An entire menu dedicated to donuts? Yes please! Even if you think you don't want them, think again. Unfortunately by the time we arrived they had run out of the donut dough but were able to still get beignets with whichever flavors. We ordered the berry one and it was delicious. And they were so round, big and puffy! It was impossible to just have one...I ordered the omelette which was basil eggs stuffed with creamy spinach artichoke. I wasn't so sure about the creamy stuffing but it turned out quite nice. The creaminess wasn't overwhelming or too heavy and it was a nice balance with the eggs and the light and refreshing side salad. Will definitely return to try more, especially for dinner and BYOB! And overheard about their monthly Sunday dinners, which sounded like a really interesting experience...
5	Delicious! Yummy! My new favorite!
1	i ordered the pasta and meatballs and it was terrible. All for meatballs were cold and pink in the center-froozen.
5	E2 is excellent.  It is by far my favorite place on Bryant street.I always end up getting the risotto of the day. I have yet to be disappointed. It is always tasty and perfectly prepared. The portion is also perfect. If I'm super hungry, I make sure to get a salad. As a warning, The place is very small and cramped. I don't mind, but some guests with me have had issues with the lack of space.
5	This place has incredible brunch.
5	After a few failed attempts to actually eat here I've had two successes. And it is so good! The first time we tried to come we were scoffed at for possibly thinking a table could be obtained after 8:30. That ruffled our feathers- we didn't know it was so busy- and it took a while for us to go back. I regret that. e2 is insanely amazing!Remember that is it byob and bring something delicious. Both times we've brought a heavy red with success. The fritters to start are so good- melt in your mouth fluffy with a saffron aioli and green onions.Porcini cappelletti was my entree choice both times because I couldn't choose anything that sounded better than what I had had the first time. Pasta. Mushrooms. Peas. Prosciutto. Marscarpone. It's really so so good. Boyfriend has gotten the special and loved it both times. Last one had anchovies, spaghetti, chilies, and micro greens. I feel like we've missed out on some amazing meals because it took us so long to make it here! Oh well though. We can make up for it now. Seriously it's so good. Next up we will try the brunch.
5	E2 is one of my favorite spots in Pittsburgh. The staff is friendly and the food is amazing. You will not be disappointed. The dining room is small so be sure to call ahead.
4	Had brunch here with a friend in April 2014 -- pretty good! I had read about the owner on the website before going and appreciated her philosophy. The service was great when we got there, except that they strangely wouldn't let us have 2 menus. We grabbed one off the neighboring empty table so that we could both look, and the server snapped it back up the moment my friend stood up to find the restroom, and put it back on the neighboring table. One per table I guess.... We got lavender lemon donuts, and chocolate pistachio donuts -- quite good, although I really would have preferred more of the sauces/toppings. The ratio of sauce to fried batter was far too low, and some bites of the donut were not that enjoyable. We only ate one of them there, and had 4 each to bring home for later.We also got a frittata which was really good, lots of fresh veggies and a delicious cheese, and a side salad for even more freshness! They also easily accommodated our request to leave out the tomatoes. Our other dish was a french toast, which was actually terrible. It was made with very thick bread, and the interior was completely dry, like stale bread. Yuck! French toast should be moist! We hardly ate any of it. It seemed like a fluke though, as everything else was great and everyone loves this place... so I'll forgive and forget.
3	Went here for brunch Saturday on the way to the Zoo. Pretty cramped spot on a Saturday, but we were able to be seated immediately.  The food is good and fresh, although it seemed to take forever to come out. I had the asparagus and bacon hash with eggs on the side.  Also, I tried the donuts because they are homemade. They remind me of beignets but not quite as fluffy and light. Overall I thought the food was good and service polite, but seemed like they had trouble keeping up with the Saturday crowd.
5	Seriously one of the best meals I've ever had, and absolutely the best breakfast. I had the patatas gratas (I think that's how it was spelled), which was chorizo, potatoes, a creamy aoili, an egg over easy, and a great fresh salad. It was fantastic. The chorizo mix was very spicy, but I like that, and I loved having a salad with breakfast. I'm not the biggest breakfast fan. Well, until E2! My husband had the french toast. It came with whipped cream, chocolate and strawberries. He said it was the best french toast he has ever had, and he is a french toast expert! Due to a mix up, we also got to try the frittata, and it was fantastic.Ambiance was great. The seating was inside what seemed to be the living room of a house, with the brunch offerings written on a giant blackboard. You are close to your neighbor, but it was never uncomfortable or loud. Service was awesome. Really, really lovely servers.I will definitely be back, and I can't wait to go for dinner!
5	Very, very nice. Atmosphere was A+. BYOB. Food was delectable.  I had the Spaghetti Aglio which was perfectly spiced and quite flavorful. It had walnuts, shrimp, and dandelion--so good!  Hubby had Porcini Ravioli and permitted me a small bite. He adored thus fish and commented that the sauce was "amazing"!  We finished with the Rhubarb Crostata which was perfection. We ordered one of heir famous Beignets to take to a friends, it delivered happy results!  The service was friendly and most efficient!  Thus, 5 stars!
4	The first time at E2 but definitely not the last.The atmosphere is superb--a genuine feeling of a Fiorentine taverna. A warm, kind, and colorful energy in the air, as if all of those colorful dishes, the aromas coming from the kitchen, and the friendliness and laid-backness of the staff merged together in a giddy and delicious cloud.I was put in such a good mood right from the start just from that vibe itself. The food was good, though I must admit that the special--salmon on orecchiette was not the best combination. My boyfriend had wild mushroom ravioli which he said was delicious. The other two friends had also the salmon orecchiette special and an appetizer. We also had some of the cheeses--the Spanish smoked cheese matched perfectly the sweetness of the beet salad with dill.We split a rhubarb crostata a la mode, and that was wonderful. They don't have espresso (which is really strange for an Italian restaurant) but the coffee was great. They also did not have milk, just half and half.The only problem I had was with my main dish--the salmon orecchiette special. It definitely lacked some things and had too much of others. It needed much more cream and much more parmesan in the cheese sauce. Then, there was bacon in the sauce, which would have been fine in a different pasta combo, but not in a salmon dish. The green sprouts were too bitter to go well with the subtle taste of the salmon. If it were after me, I would have taken out the sprouts and added instead some slightly roasted finely chopped fennel (and stay away from putting bacon in the sauce, but rather add more cream and parmesan).All in all, I loved the place and I am definitely planning to return. But for a different dish,  for sure!
4	Kate & William went above and beyond to accommodate my food allergies. I was coming for a group dinner with an organization I volunteer for and contacted them ahead of time to avoid all the questions once I arrived. They adjusted the recipes since it was a buffet so I could eat everything. The food was very good but my favorite part was the atmosphere - the downstairs room was so gorgeous. I was very pleased and look forward to going back!
5	Eat here now! This is the restaurant I always choose for special occasions and each time it is flawless and keeps me coming back. I love that the menu changes, you know what you're getting is fresh and that the chef really cares about the ingredients he is using to make the best plates. I find they have a great mix of vegetarian and non-vegetarian options. We had a large party and we decided on the prix fixe menu in which the wave the corkage fee. So many courses, including dessert and worth every penny!! E2 is BYOB which is fun. The ambiance is perfect and the wait staff are very friendly and seem to know everything about the menu items and if they don't, they never hesitate to ask the chef for clarification. Favourite restaurant in Pittsburgh for a nice meal :)
5	I've had two events here in their downstairs space(July 2014 and Dec 2012) as well as frequented them many times for brunch and dinner. It's a gem of highland park which you MUST make time to visit.The personal attention and quality of service from the event coordinator is extraordinary. For example at the most recent event we knew in advance there would be wine at the table, so there were buckets with ice on the table when we arrived. Wine glasses on the table. He called the day of to ask me if he should put champagne glasses out. But when one of the guests unexpectedly arrived with almost a full bar of supplies for mixed drinks, the staff set up a bar station on the counter with extra glasses and extra nice without even being asked. Kate is an amazing chef and some of the best Italian food me and my half-italian gentleman companion have ever eaten. Every course was better than the next. I still dream about the farro salad. Go there for brunch, dinner, or plan a family gathering or party. You won't be disappointed.
4	Food awesome. Terrific flavors. It is very loud though. Hard to hear at our table.
5	Amazing!! Seriously though I just ate the most delicious meal. I ordered the fried polenta and peppers without any add ons. I was a little nervous because I usually don't eat vegetarian type meals, however, I am so very happy I picked this dish! The flavors were amazing and I'm a huge fan of the goat cheese. Also, the service was fantastic. My grandmother is allergic to dairy and mentioned that to the server who then helped her out by going through the menu quickly and saying what has dairy and what would still be good without dairy. She was just really helpful about everything just like a server should be. I cannot wait to come back especially for the brunch. I am so lucky I live only  a block away and if I had a higher paying job this place would be my go to for sure. Food: Amazing!Server: Great!Ambience: Perfect!
5	This morning I had the absolute best breakfast I ever ate. It was eggs and vegetable hash. I had dessert before breakfast and they were heavenly-berry doughnuts that were rolled in powdered sugar. The staff was attentive and the food delicious. Will be back again and again! What a great place!
5	We had a lovely time at E2! Excellent food, very small venue that encourages friends to carry on as though it were a dinner party in their own home. Friendly staff and BYOB is always appreciated. I'd love to go back as their menu changes seasonally.
5	Found this place completely by accident while walking around. Food is fantastic and our server really made the experience. It's such a cool little place. Could not recommend enough.
5	We LOVE E2! They hosted a large dinner for us in their beautiful private space in the basement, and it was a pleasure to work/communicate with them, the food was A+ and everyone loved it, the space was lovely, and the per head cost was very reasonable, especially since it's BYOB (we underestimated the amount of alcohol our guests would consume, and one of the servers went to the beer distributor to pick up more!). They also allowed us to bring in our own dessert. There is no other place in Pittsburgh I would host a large party, and I called about 10 other, similar restaurants in the city during my selection process.Our brunches have also been great; excellent menu overall, and the beignet menu rules. It's a bummer there aren't reservations, because the very likely chance of a wait is a bummer, but if you have the time, it's well worth it.
5	I came to this little hole in the wall looking place for brunch with some friends while in Pittsburgh. In true Pittsburgh style it was cool, interesting, unique and delicious. I had a breakfast 'hash' which was basically chopped up potatoes, lots of veggies, eggs, and chorizo. It was SO good! And I didn't feel leaving too full or gross or like I had just eaten something totally unhealthy, which can often happen with brunch. Cool atmosphere and great food!
4	A year after I had an unremarkable brunch experience here, I had a really great dinner. It didn't take very long to get a table on a Tuesday night, and the host did a thorough job of telling us the menu specials before our waitress came over. She was very attentive the whole night which was much appreciated. We started with an appetizer that had some sort of gorgonzola spread, soppressata(?), castelvetrano olives, and a tomatoey dip. All delicious! Probably could have eaten their generously toasted bread triangles on their own. I got the fettuccine pescatore and my friend got the mushroom ravioli. Both were extremely flavorful and had lovely presentation. I think their pasta is all made in-house as well, which is kind of integral when that's the focus of the meal. For dessert we had salted caramel apple...something with ice cream. Ahhhh! I saw some people eating it earlier so I was dead set on getting it because, you know, ICE CREAM. It was incredible, especially the caramel part, and I subsequently fell into a deep and satisfying food coma once I got home. If I had one complaint it would be not to drink water out of double shot glasses, because I like to drink a lot of water, I guess--a pretty trivial detail anyhow.
4	Went here for brunch and had a great time! It's a small dining area so we had to wait about 25 minutes but they were more than willing to take a phone number and let us wander until they were ready. The food is really good- I recommend the hash. It is also BYOB and cash only so keep that in mind! Corkage fee was only $6 Would definitely recommend if you're looking for a good brunch in Pittsburgh :)
5	The meal of all meals. E2 was the best meal I've had in pittsburgh, hands down! I got a creamy pasta dish and added chicken. It was on point. An adequate portion size packed with flavor. My husband got the special of the night, a ravioli of some kind. While we both thought it was delicious, we wish there were a few more raviolis in the dish. We shared fried green tomatoes and a bowl of pumpkin soup and both were more than satisfying. We closed the night with dessert and ordered the beignets. Fluffy dough balls coated in sugar! They tasted a lot like a funnel cake.
4	Went for Sunday brunch. Great breakfast!! Loved that they have a waiting area down stairs with coffee and tea. We shared the Sriracha zeppollis which were awesome and had the brussel bacon hash and farmers breakfast. Done very well! Cute and small atmosphere. Wait staff is very nice! Menu is pretty cool so I am looking forward to going back!
5	E2 is amazing, it is the place where we go when we want to sit down with friends and have an incredible meal that leaves you stuffed and wanting more. The feeling is very cozy and fun, the dining room is the kind of place where you end up chatting with folks at the next table. Sometimes there is a bit of a wait, it's worth it.  Beans & greens, Gorgonzola mess, pretty much everything on the menu.  BYOB is a nice touch.
5	E2 is one of my favorite places to eat, in Pittsburgh. I come here often with my family, which includes some vegetarians, and everyone is always super happy with their meals. The staff is very polite, and patient. Keep in mind, when dining here for brunch or dinner, that you might have to wait for a table-BUT IT IS WORTH IT(especially if they have chocolate espresso donuts on their brunch menu)!!
3	My first experience here was great. The food was on point - had the eggplant app and whitefish puttanesca. I definitely wanted to come back again soon. The next time I went the host was EXTREMELY rude.  He told us the wait was 1.5 hrs for 5 people, which is fine. But his attitude he was really saying "why would you even ask that, you should leave right now".  Probably won't got back now after that experience.
2	I wasn't impressed and had to wait 90 minutes to find out. The menu is limited and the food is decent but not worth the wait if you are looking for BYOB.
5	Good. Busy. Flavorful. BYOB. All things my step dad would say about his game room. This place has delightful ingredients and wonderful taste... From farm to fork. Could it be easier? I don't know. I never got my GED. I went and was not disappointed being told this place had amazing food, and best of all I could get my eggs like my undercarriage. Drippy. E2 has redonk fresh ingredients like Rosemary and Shallots. You can get anything you want here unless you want wild boar, zebra, or a threesome with a hot Mennonite named Steve. Then sorry folks, you gotta take the Amtrak to Lancaster.The service is great but the food is the major highlight. I have tried everything on the menu twice except brunch's Tony's bag of D's. Cuz fool me once. Everything here is solid and very few things are trendy. If you want an entire menu of gluten free items and a bisexual server with clip on bangs LET ME KNOW cuz the Olive Garden fired Brenda. PROS:Best coffee in Pittsburgh. Seriously. It is the best black thing I have had inside me if I don't count the years between 2003-2008. The seats are higher up then Outback Steakhouse. This is awesome because most booth seating tickles my             C-section scar and tends to rub up against the table. Cons: Brunch is my favorite but it is CASH ONLY. I am just warning you because this was a pro for me. I only pay with cash. The last time I checked my credit score to get a Kohl's charge card the screen just had a picture of a jar full of bee's.
4	My husband and i both ordered the patatas bravas for brunch. The portions were generous and the food was delicious and savory. I imagine this would be a great hangover cure. We wanted to get some donuts too but we were just too full. Would definitely like to try the beignets and other goodies from the $5 menu next time though!
4	definitely always yummy. the food is simple and well crafted. brunch is always a long wait so we don't really do that any more. but dinner is super tasty. the corkage fees are a little high as i think they are per person. But grilled bread, yummy salad and gooey eggs are always in fashion here at E2 and in my book.
5	Not a single bad word to say. Came for brunch and was told there'd be a short wait - at which point we were given coffee and a tour of the downstairs/learned about the family-style dinners.Brunch was OUTSTANDING. Seriously, it is not just your average "egg and sweets" type of menu. Each option was unique with flavors and locally sourced. And DOUGHNUT HOLES. An entire menu.Totally worth the visit. A great neighborhood spot with great service.
5	I love this place. I've been here twice and the food is fantastic, it's BYOB, and the staff are always friendly. It doesn't get any better than that ... I will be back - a lot!
3	Food was excellent. Very small and cozy place. Only down side is that we were asked to get up so another table could be seated after we spent $315 there! I thought that was extremely rude.
5	A few months back, while visiting some friends in Pittsburgh, they took us to E2 for a Saturday brunch.  The dining room was small, but I loved the decor.  It was simple and had a garden feel.  They served water in mason jars and had the menu on a chalk board on the wall.  I ordered the hash special, it was summer time so they had fresh local tomatoes and other veggies in the hash.  There was also small pieces of delightful bacon, and of course the base was potatoes.  Everyone else enjoyed their meals as much as I did and I feel like the pricing was pretty reasonable.  Next time I am in Pittsburgh, I will request that we return to E2 for another meal!
3	Good was very good. This is a small unique place with good food. We had a large party and reservations are definitely needed for parties more than 6 due to limited dining space. I had the lobster and shrimp risotto which was very good. Large chunks of lobster and shrimp were very nice. Brought our own wine and the corking fee was only $6 per bottle. Being new comers the waitress was very helpful with suggestions for appetizers and recommended a couple of larger salads for the table to split as everything is ala carte. We also brought out own cupcakes for a birthday and they brought us forks and plates which was very nice. For all this I would give 4 stars. here are the negatives for larger parties. They added 20 percent gratuity to the bill. I usually tip 20 percent regardless if I get good service but I thought this was tacky as the custom for large parties is to add 18 to percent gratuity. Secondly, we were asked to move downstairs to a waiting area to finish our wine after we paid the check so they could clear space for other customers. I can understand their need to make room given the very small dining space but thought this was very rude given the amount of money we spent in dinner for a group of 9 (over $300). Particularly since it was only about 10 minutes since we finished dinner and paid the bill. Not sure I would go there again after that.
4	Went here this past week for my birthday. We had a party of 8 and were fortunate to get reservations for 6pm on a Wednesday. It's a has a small dining area and I would recommend not bringing a large party due to the lack of space. There was only approximately 10 or so tables in the dining room. BYOB with only a $6 corking fee at the time of this review. Bathrooms are in need of a major makeover. The food was fantastic and server was helpful in assisting us with what appetizers were best for our size party since everything is a la carte. The grilled romaine salad was deliciously full of flavor as was my entree, the Linguini carbonara with chicken. If you do not like pepper, stay away from this carbonara though. I also thoroughly enjoyed my butternut squash bisque although I thought it needed a little salt. I also tried my husbands lobster and shrimp risotto and sister in laws mushroom ravioli which seemed to be perfectly cooked and seasoned so I highly recommend any of these entrees. Large portions. The whole experience was unfortunately tainted by the fact that approximately 20 minutes after paying our check, we were asked to take our wine to their bar/lounge area because they wanted our table to seat other guests. While I can understand the dilemma of them having limited seating, I thought it was distasteful to ask us to leave especially when we were finishing our wine and just paid $325 for dinner. Overall, I think this place offers a fantastic meal and intimate atmosphere. Unfortunately, my experience was tainted by being asked to move from our table. That being said, I would likely return to give them another chance because the food was so good.
5	Easily one of the best restaurants in the city, and hands down the best italian. The menu is interesting and always inviting, with a warm and comfortable dining room it really is a fantastic placeDuring our visit we had a table of 6, and though we were running late, they were still just as pleasant to us (call ahead and let them know they seemed to appreciate it). Our server was very knowledgeable and always had something fun to say about what we were drinking whether it was beer or wine.We each enjoyed appetizers, and before the entree's even came we were saying to one another, "this place is fantastic." I had the mushroom ravioli, A+. The rest of the table had either ravioli or lobster risotto, and both were received very well also. All in all a wonderful dining experience with a chef who has been apart of the Pittsburgh food scene for many dedicated years.
4	Food was very flavorful. Not your typical greasy spoon. Coffee was excellent. We got seated right away and service was quick and friendly. A little pricey for breakfast but well worth it for what you get.
4	Small cozy seating area. Black chalkboard table. Homemade focaccia bread. Overall good coma inducing. Came here for breakfast with a friend and got absolutely food wasted. We were the first people in the joint at 9:30-apparently because people stay in when it rains (totally valid). Started with the special donuts - lemon curd and whip. DELICIOUS! They are a bit denser than your regular donut holes, but they have a bit of a crunch on the outside and a soft cakey center. The lemon curd was on point and melted into the warm donuts! Then I had the patatas bravas. So great - had a generous side salad and delicious spicy aioli sauce. Friend had the French toast and was totally defeated by it - 4 huge slices of the thick and dense homemade focaccia bread doused in apples, mascarpone, and whip cream. Overall great time and great service. E2, we concede delicious defeat!
5	Phenomenal service from the beginning (instead of waiting in a crowded foyer or outside on a cold, damp Pittsburgh day, you wait in a basement with benches and free coffee/tea) to the very end of our meal. I'm not a doughnut person, but if E2 can turn me, then it can turn you too.Our table had the berry white doughnuts (delicious and fresh with just the right amount of sweetness), sriracha zeppollis (OMG I do not have words-- yummy, spicy and parmesan-y), and the beignets (simple but light and fluffy). Dessert before breakfast? E2 can make that happen.I had the press plate and it was great, met my expectations, but honestly all I could think about was more doughnuts. The polenta was extremely popular in our group-- I'm not personally a huge fan, but I tried the polenta pepperonata and the sauce was incredible. Also, making a mental note to try the french toast next time. If you're within a twenty mile radius of Highland Park, come and give E2 a chance for brunch. It won't disappoint!
2	I was really disappointed by this place. I went as a double date on a Friday night. Tim had been here before and really enjoyed it. I tried to make a reservation, but was told that they only take them for larger parties (6 or more) - and that if I wanted a guaranteed table, I should show up before 7 because there is typically a 45 minute wait.Harley and Matt arrived slightly before Tim and I and our bottle of wine. However, they were able to easily secure a table. They said the host took a while to appear to seat them and answered the phone a few times before acknowledging them.There was a ridiculously long wait for water and wine glasses. We didn't even get a bread platter. Our waitress was kind and gave us some recommendations from the menu. Other than that, we did not see her the entire meal until it was time for us to pay. Our food was dropped by the host and a busboy. We refilled our own wine and water. Someone gave us a bag of burnt bread with our entrees. The food was bland and not very good - the guys enjoyed theirs, but Harley and I did not enjoy ours. I had the lobster risotto - it was overpowered with chewy lobster. And that is something one would not normally say about a lobster dish. I was starving after finishing my plate and choking down two pieces of charred bread. I ordered beignets for the table, hoping to give e2 a second chance...but the beignets were chewy and bland.We left very quickly.
5	We love this restaurant- great hole in the wall in Pittsburgh. The fried polenta was amazing, tasting wise and display wise. My favorite vegetables are the roasted carrots and grilled artichokes. The meatballs are better than my family's recipe. It's also great that it's BYOB. Great atmosphere and down-to-earth staff.
