5	Let me start this review by saying I dislike most things about Wal-Mart.  One of my biggest pet-peeves in the world is the parking lot at ANY Wally world.  The beauty of a neighborhood Wal-Mart is that it's DIFFERENT.First, the parking is organized and not as abundant being the store is smaller.  Second, the store is designed and centered around a neighborhood and not a major shopping district.Third, the N. Wal-Mart offers all the top brands in bulk pricing that the regular Wal-Mart does.Fourth and Final, the N. Wal-Mart basically takes all the clutter and headache you normally find at a regular Wal-Mart.Awesome!
2	Okay..... Realy... This walmart is a rip off. I understand the whole neighborhood thing but I think they should rename the place, Neighborhood Robbery. The prices are outrageous, yes I agree with the other reviewer saying that the "clutter is gone", but isn't that part of the walmart experience. All I was looking for was some glade candles which are normally about $2.49 at the regular walmart about a mile away and here they wanted $4.49 for the same thing. I could not believe that this was for real. I walked around a little more and checked out the goods and the prices and slowly felt my wallet levetating right out of my pocket, so I pushed that bad boy down and got the hell out of there. I dont think I will be back, i would rather sift through george forman grills and stacks of Dickies to save that extra money.. It all adds up.
4	I have to laugh when I see someone reviewing Walmart on prices and complain that the prices are too high. It makes me wonder if someone else may have been too high considering that the same item at a non Walmart is $5.59, as opposed to the $2.49 at a Walmart Super Store or $2.99 at the Neighborhood Store (I checked the prices he complained about, what a laugh.) But then again, the Neighborhood Store are about food shopping and not much else. But anyway...The Neighborhood Walmart Market is great for all your in between food shopping or even regular food shopping if you are not a stickler for selection. You will find everything here to stock just about any pantry, but if you are looking for something exotic (oh how about spiney-Kiwi-fruit-melon) you are out of luck. The prices are generally the same as the big Walmart without the crowds and parking hassles. This means your food bill will be quite a bit less than if you shopped at a premium grocer. There is one other factor at work here however, this is a Neighborhood Store, and if you go there enough it is amazing how well you get to know the staff. We seem to know just about everyone there including both Pharmacists (Sol and Tracie). My wife and I also have a standing bet when they will call a "5269" for the employees, which they seem to do whenever we are in the store. (A "5269" in Walmart speak is a "Cart Round-up".)The store is laid out rather traditionally which is just fine and it is clean. I have never once gone there and questioned the sanitation conditions of the store (I can't say that about some of the other supermarkets around). Since the whole staff seems to know us we get great service. The store looses on star simply because of the lack of selection, but then again it was never designed to have a huge selection, so I guess it was doomed to 4 stars from the start. Also, the meat is all pre-pack and so cuts I would like can't be gotten, but again, the store was not designed for that so it is hard to fault them for it.What my wife and I do is shop at WNS for all out pantry goods and then go over to Vons or Albertsons for the specialty Items we want. It's a good solution, and in the end we save a ton of cash.
5	Price Match!  Price Match!!!The best kept secret is that Walmart price matches ALL the ads from any grocery in town!  That's right.....I've been buying watermelon (seedless) for 10 cents a pound, tomatoes @ 3lbs/99 cents.  Not too many people know about this, I didn't until I saw someone get lots of produce at ridiculous prices.  Just bring the ads with you, show the clerk and they give you the price leaders of Cardenas, King Ranch, Food 4 Less, etc., and you don't have to run all over town getting these bargains.
4	I challenged myself to not go out to eat at all for about a month and its BLOODY KILLING ME (I'm only on day 5)...so I won't have as many reviews here on Yelp...boo hoo. I'm only allowed to go to the grocery store after I have exhausted all other options in my pantry (with the exception of staples such as bread, milk, eggs, etc.). On a brighter note...I am saving tons of money and forcing myself to be creative in the kitchen (can I get a heck yeah for vanilla cake with homemade peanut butter frosting?!?).I usually go to this Wal-Mart for my grocery needs. Its clean, its well organized, prices are usually better than Smiths and the staff is always very cool to me and my ankle biters. The meat isn't the best but its certainly edible and they don't have much fancy stuff...but it works for the mommy on a budget.
5	This store is near my home and it's always clean. It's easy to find what you need. Good customer service.
3	Good Prices! Couple issues though, Some of the Checkers have attitude and can't bag groceries... I literally have to re bag everything because they put one thing in one bag or bread with cans etc.. But other than that the store is clean and well maintained! Attitudes could def use some adjusting!
4	This is a nice concept that Walmart has come up with.  It is like having a mini Walmart.  The layout of the store is more organized with less clutter, and it is easier to find items.  The prices are about the same as regular sized Walmarts also.  We will definitely continue coming here when we need groceries and other items for our stays in Vegas.
4	When I'm in need of just groceries, I'll come here instead of the actual full Walmart down the street. The customers that shop here seem like normal people, no freak show here. Just normal people, and I'm grateful for that. The produce here is of better quality and is always fully stocked. Only time I saw bad produce was a few soft tomatoes. But I usually don't eat tomatoes anyway, so it didn't bother me so much. The isles are wide enough for carts to be moving in multiple directions. Shelves are stocked and items are easy to find. And my favorite part of it all? It's hardly ever crowded!!! I'm in and out in less than 45 minutes and done with all my shopping needs. Even though they have a bigger assortment of food, their beauty, kitchen and baby sections are much smaller. It still provides the necessities though. Tip: if you need to do a basic alcohol run, they have the national brands of vodka, run and tequila. If you need to go fancier and need a specific brand of vodka (my favorite is Tito's), this isn't the place to go.
4	A really good sized Wal-Mart when you need to get in and go instead of wondering the aimless desert of a Superstore. I usually come in here for veggies, the man who puts them away usually tells me where they are on sale at other places so I can get a good discount and stll be lazy. The staff here is nice, unlike other Wal-Marts I have been to. I would just avoid the larger one if you have the choice.
3	This place is A-OK. Gotta love the 24/7 factor. Midnight (tipsy) shopping? Sure thing, boss. Another bonus is the size of the place. My normal market (7-11... What do you want from me? I live downtown) doesn't have nearly the amount of products as you can grab here and it's one lane check out is a bit slow when the guy working the register also serves hot dogs. It's total no frills here, but who needs fancy when you're picking up boxed wine, pretzels and band-aids? They have a few pre-made items that aren't half bad. Grab a pizza for $8 and a super ginganto hoagie for around the same price. They also have what seems to be generic, generic brands....and they are CHEAP. Grab these when you see them. Note: What happened to the liquor section?
3	This place is pretty convenient, as it is so close to my house. That's pretty much the main reason I come here, when I just want to pick up a few things. Also you can get up to $100 cash back. Great to grab some cash to keep on hand.The store is in ok condition. Staff is usually friendly enough. My biggest issue is they never seem to have what I want. For example baby oragel, biore nose strips, the small Aveeno baby lotion (fits in my purse), and the card selection is pretty weak. But location and necessity keep me coming back. Open 24/7 is also a bonus.
1	This Wal Mart is so sketch , I will never go back . We bought bags of water softener salt for $4.79. Assured by the guy in the garden section this was THE BEST PRICE ANYWHERE. Had to go Lowes later and they were $4.17 a bag. So we took a picture of the price and the bags and showed it to Wal Mart and they resisted giving us the low price guarantee until a manager came by and said to give us the refund " just this once!" What a scam !! This is one more reason why I hate Wal Mart! Very sketch !!!
4	This is a really nice walmart i do enjoy coming here they have everything I could ever need for shopping!  But if I am shopping with my girlfriend who is 20 they will not let me buy beer I am 22  kind of annoying but whatever nice staff
5	Love shopping here. Close by, not as many shoppers as regular walmart store and same prices. The employee Shazaz is the sweetest lady. I always go to self check to see her. She is very friendly and very kind to my son. Great store to go to and the fact that it's just clean and organized and not cluttered is such a relief when I am running around trying to make last minute dinner plans.
1	In short: They accused me of stealing!!!Yesterday I went to this store after a late workout to buy some groceries. After a while I noticed the same associates hovering around me, literally staring at me! I was uncomfortable to express it mildly, but just went about my business and kept on shopping. After another while, the store manager lady came up to me and said she has no time to be walking after me, and that some of her associates said that I had stolen things and put them in my bag!! I was pretty much the only person in the store and was carrying a red gym bag! WHICH WAS CLOSED, ZIPPED UP THE WHOLE TIME!! I haven't even opened it or looked in it the entire time I was there. It baffles me how they thought I would even consider stealing under these circumstances. I showed her my bag, but an afterthought: I should have just refused and let them call the police! Incredible.Especially considering that I had come there with a BMW (which they had seen as they were rearranging carts outside when I arrived) and wearing Nike from head to toe. I don't want to offend anybody or say that some people would NEED to steal. But really, were they thinking Im stealing Bananas so I could afford a BMW??!!! Ridiculous!!You never know who ends up stealing in reality, and I know they were just trying to do their job. But considering I NEVER even opened my bag the entire time, I find this completely offensive and unacceptable. I've NEVER seen something like this happen before, a store randomly accusing customers of stealing.Im definitely NEVER going back there.
4	Close to home and open 24 hours, which is convenient given my odd work hours. The prices are great... They have a good selection of meat, but they lack a seafood department, which is why I took a star away.
4	This place is great. It's like if Walmart and Walmart supercenter had a baby it would be the neighborhood market. It's small and it's never very crowded. I stopped by tonight to pick up some soup and medicine for my bf since he is not feeling well. The aisles are clearly labeled and everything is easy to find. The majority of what they sell is food but they do have a pharmacy as well as a small selection of toiletries, makeup and otc medications. They even have a baby aisle with formula and diapers and an aisle with pet food. Also an aisle with air freshners, kitchen soaps, detergents and paper goods like plates and silverware. They don't have everything though so don't expect to come here and find anything on your honey-do list. I pretty much covered all the bases as to what they have so plan accordingly. I definitely prefer shopping for food here over the regular Walmart anyway.
2	So after I wrote a great review about this place I came back and was extremely disappointed with the produce. I went in after work to get a few things to make salad for dinner and I was seriously appalled at what I saw. The bagged carrots were slimy. The few cucumbers that were left were deformed and bruised. All the strawberries looked brown and the pre-packaged fruits were expiring right before my eyes. The pre-packaged lettuce had like 2 days before it's expiration and was turning brown. You know that section they have in all stores where the stuff is like 75% off or whatever cause it expires that day? That was the quality of all the produce except they were still charging full price. Like does anyone even check to make sure the items are of sellable quality? It certainly didn't seem like it. I will still shop here for other stuff but definitely not produce. Fuck that shit.
3	This place is good for quick shopping or items you forgot from another store. The produce is hit or miss and is better purchased elsewhere.Be prepared for long wait times as the self checkouts are usually malfunctioning and there are not many cashiers. Like with all walmarts the prices are generally the best in town but many times you get what you pay for. Also there are no hand carts only full sized shopping carts.
2	i used to live in illinois and florida and after shopping in big wal-marts since the early 80s and then the super wal-marts that came later, i used to stop in this neighborhood market twice or three times a week as it is on my way home from work late at night and very convenient. i was loyal to the wal-mart name for decades due to their lower prices and one-stop shopping.  however, i have recently stopped going because:1.  at 11 pm at night, you would think they would have available riding carts.  three times in a row when i've shopped there, there were no riding carts to be found.2.  they are often out of stock of the same item, even when i ask each time i shop there if they will be getting more in.  the answer is always, "we will be getting a truck in on such and such day' but they have no idea if the item will be in the truck or not, and they make no effort to find out for me.  three weeks in a row, the item still was not stocked even though there was a big empty space for it with the price tag indicating it should have been there.3.  i drink a ton of non-sparkling bottled water (i drink over 128 oz per day) and their selection of flavored non-sparkling water has gotten lesser and lesser.4.  they are often stocking shelves at 11 pm, and sometimes i am not able to get through an aisle unless someone can move the unstocked product out of the way.5.  at 11 pm at night, there are only one or two registers open and the lines are long.6.  there is often a bad smell upon entering the building.the last time i was there, i left frustrated and found a smith's even closer to my home that, surprisingly,  was open 24/7.  all my complaints about this wal-mart do not apply to smith's and i was pleasantly surprised that, by buying sale items and getting a smith's rewards card and my purchases didn't cost any more than wal-mart.  there were plenty of empty riding carts.  there was no line at all at the register, and the cashier was very friendly and unhurried.  he even offered to call up a boy if i needed help to my car.  the store was clean with no weird smell and the aisles seemed wider and were not cluttered with boxes of unstocked product.  every item i wanted, they had, and more choices than i ever saw at the neighborhood market.  and i have been shopping there ever since.i never, ever dreamed i would jump ship on wal-mart, and indeed my family often joked that they should buy stock in it because it was the only place i shopped.  but there you have it.
2	The grocery store itself is fine, but there are serious customer service issues in the pharmacy. On more than one occasion,  I've waited at the counter several minutes before anyone working there even acknowledged me. Not even a simple "I'll be right with you." The employees just walked right past me and finally came to help me when they were done with whatever they were doing. I'm not sure if there just aren't enough employees or their employees lack customer service skills (or both). Also, there is only one phone line to the pharmacy and it is continually busy.
