5	Remember when I said that some Comic Book stores looked like a dork's basement blew up.....well this is it.  ( and i mean it in a nice way.)It seems Velvet Underground has always been around....it's first incarnation was in a warehouse space over near the Fantastik Indoor Swap Meet. (and that little garage was way cool.) The newer space is tucked in a corner in a strip mall behind a Dojo and a Gay Bar.  Such flavor.The owner (Steve) who will most likely ask you to call him the Riddler, is pretty AWESOME in that "I have a really weird uncle who likes comics" type way. There is sooooo much cool collector junk in this place!  It's like going to a antique store that specializes in toys and comics.  The Riddler has a little bit of everything.  (new and old)  And he's got his drums set up in the back....I've never seen him play them before, but how rad would it be to see a comic book store garage band hit it on the weekends.  I'd be there, oh yes, I'd be there.  But only if they're called "the Frodo's" or maybe "Jean Grey is Dead."
5	I have been going to Velvet Underground for several years now. I have been to other comic book shops in Las Vegas and none have the selection of VU. He has the best pricing on new comics and toys. He also has a huge selection of Silver Age and Bronze age comics. If you are not shopping for comics and collectables at Velvet Underground you just don't get it. Don't miss out. Stop by and take a look. You won't ever go anywhere else.
5	The most awesome and hard to find comic books and collectibles all under one roof, A must see for any kid at heart or comic collector searching for the hard to find! Steve is a resource that is worth the trip alone!!! "PAN" of "Black Magic Productions" Las Vegas, Nevada
1	The owner is very rude. I had been a cust for almost 7 months. I had him order me a price guide $30 , for my comic con trip. I gave him over 3 1/2 months heads up. He gave it to me in sep. Thats over 2 months after comic con. He told me that its not his fault and that i needed to pay for it or get the hell out. I told him that i would leave. On top of that he only takes cash and has had a few run ins with the irs on taxes. A shady guy. Be careful. I never been there again. This guy did me a huge favor. All he did was smoke pot in his store and talk about nasty sex acts he did back in the day ... In front of my wife!!!!!!!! His teeth are all rotted out and on top of that he stands soo close to u. Yuck. I now go to maxim comics the best store in l v.
5	I was looking for a comic shop in Vegas and I found Velvet Underground with using Yelp. Mr. Riddle is courteous and knowledgable. He pointed me toward a few good titles. Whenever I'm in Vegas I'll be stopping in.
5	Wow.  I died and went to back issue heaven.It's alarming how hard it is to find a decent archive of back issues in this town.  Well, that's one problem solved.  While the outside doesn't look like much, I did a double take on how absolutely freaking huge (and full) the inside is.Seriously.  There are comics and figures and statues EVERYWHERE.  There's no way someone could make a casual run to this place, expecting a "just a few minutes" visit.  I could spend hours in here and not see everything.  And what they have truly feels like everything.  Steven, the owner, told me about the store's 22 years of being in business, and I'd believe it.  Stuff I haven't seen and normally don't see at comic shops line the walls upon walls here.  Cliche or not, I honestly couldn't wrap my head around how much awesome stuff they have here.The staff and owner were INCREDIBLY nice and friendly.  I took a liking to them instantly, and felt very welcomed there, so much that I see myself being a perma-customer there.  Even the set-up is unusual.  It's like some odd museum where everything can be bought, and there is so much to tempt here.  Easily one of the coolest vibes I've experienced in a comic store in Vegas.Walking outside, I turned around and looked at the storefront I just exited.  There's not even the remotest of clues of what lies inside.  But don't be fooled.  Between the graciously warm welcome and the room upon room (yes, plural) of cool items, it's a shock going in the first time.I don't what what store the one-star review went into, but it wasn't here.  The only thing that I'd agree with is that they are indeed a "Cash Only" shop.  I'm glad that I don't usually carry cash.  I may as well have just handed them over my wallet when I first walked in if my financial preferences were different.
1	went back in and the store still had a mildew/pot smell to it . it was nice to see that Steven riddle has become less of a cheapo and hired another employee. he used to only have a few customers sort his Wednesday goods on Tuesday for a few free comics. he is an old creepy man who can change his store but not his lack of customer service. Talking/ joking to his buddy on the phone while a line of 5 different customers to check out has formed and raising his finger to them as to hold on for 23 minutes is bull. this other 5 star reviewer was right about spending your whole credit card or plastic by coming in here. they are over priced( a "b" cover for a comic is cover price when new { its a 1 in 2 or a 50/50 cover}) . do yourself a favor and skip this junk heap.
5	I liked this store a lot.It's WAY north of me, so it's a trek. And it's not easy to find either, being tucked into this little run-down plaza. So to say the least, I wasn't expecting much.But once I got inside, it was clear that this place was the real deal. Tons and tons of titles that you just don't see in other comic shops. And lots of braver titles that you can tell they were going out on a limb to carry, rather than just carrying the safer "fluff" titles that are guaranteed to sell.Yes, this is a comic shop for REAL fans of the genre.I am in the process of putting out a comic of my own, so I was making the rounds and visiting all of the Las Vegas shops and meet the players. Steven, the owner, and his sidekick Charis were absolutely amazing, and I am glad that I met them. Steven was a wealth of information as to how comic book store owners think, and how they buy. He had a lot of really insightful insider tips from the viewpoint of a buyer, that will be invaluable when it comes time to release our product. They both spent a lot of time with me, and I appreciated that immensely.While I was there, they also turned my on to some new titles.I love this place. It's different, offbeat, and real.
5	Great store Steven is extremely helpful and very knowledgeable of comics new and older he also has a great collection of silver age comics and tons of collectibles I was very pleased and I will be returning if you're into comics I strongly suggest you shop here
5	This is the best unknown comic shop in all of the Vegas Valley.  I passed by Velvet Underground on my way back to work one day.  It is in the corner of what is a very seedy Strip Mall.  Blink and you will miss this treasure trove of Geekdom!Apparently the Velvet Underground is the oldest comic book store in all of Las Vegas, and stepping into the store brings you back, way back to the 1970's.  It really is a throwback to the time!  It has not been redecorated since that era, and I love it for that.  You can spend a lot of time here just perusing what seems like endless amounts of long & short boxes of comics, all randomly placed with toys and memorabilia of all kinds...EVERYWHERE.  Don't go here if you like alphabetized and organized, it will drive you crazy!  But oh yes, owner-operator Steve Riddle (aka 'The Riddler') knows where everything is located in his slice of heaven and has a mind like a steel trap when locating anything from a new title to something more obscure for you.  Ask...and he will tell!Velvet Underground is where I go when I can't get my hands on that latest issue of Walking Dead because I forgot to order it.  Steve will usually have something for me when I do need it, or will get it for me if I do not.  Great guy, Steve.  Been in the business for years and yet not many folks in the LV comic business talk about him much.  They consider him 'odd'.  But spend some time with the guy shootin' the $hi+ and become a regular, he will treat you well.  Who cares about odd anyway?  The most interesting people I've ever met have been just a little bit off their rockers.  Normal is all relative these days.Velvet Underground is Steve's baby, he is there constantly almost all day, every day.  It's his haven, almost another home.  If you have the courage to peruse his shop (watch out for falling merchandise...ha ha), you will find in one corner he has a drum kit and guitars always ready for an impromptu rock band session.  For real!  One cool cat.  Speaking of which, you see a black cat running around from shelf to shelf in the store?  Don't worry, no bad luck there, just Steve's pride & joy.  There's everything comic and comic related in Velvet Underground, comics (duh), graphic novels, cards, toys, posters, trinkets, you name it.  There's a lot of throwbacks too - lots of older Star Wars stuff and older comic book figures.  You really need to spend some time in the shop because it's almost like an indoor swap meet!Steve is no riddle after getting to know him, very nice guy.  His helper/employee 'V' as she is known, is great as well.  Very sweet lady and very helpful.  If you ever get down to Velvet Underground (if you can even find it), tell Steve Chris sent you.  If you don't get down there, more comics for me!
3	Some reviews say Steve's a jerk. I wouldn't say that for my experience. It's obvious that regulars get priority. I understand that. Some people like myself want to browse and accidentally find something we can't live without.    Shoppers beware though... I wouldn't recommend bringing in kids. I had my 5 yr old daughter with me looking around. Very seedy environment. "Adult" pictures/magazines/cards that are out in the open. If that's your thing, so be it, but comic book stores should be family friendly. After all kids were where it all started.     They do have a great selection and Steve is very knowledgeable. Not the kind of place I'll come back to. Sorry.  Put the "Adult" material behind the curtain and I'll be back.
5	Best comic store in vegas love it and the owner is really kool kool guy
5	Steven is very kind and helpful. He has everything you could need and much more. He is very good to my kids. Gives them extras and helps them find whatever they are looking for. Looking for back issues hes your guy ! I have made his store a weekly stop. Even if I don't need anything I enjoy stoping in and chatting.
5	Velvet Underground IS the best comic book store in Las Vegas.  The owner, Steven, is a really nice guy.  He always gives great customer service to his customers which is a big deal for comic book buyers.  His weekly Wednesday release comics are always in good shape and if he receives damaged comics he returns them to get them in better condition unlike some comic book shops here that continue to sell damaged books.  Another plus about this shop is he gives discount to pull box customers and includes free bags and boards, of which he uses the nice thick kind.This store is really amazing and it really is a comic book store.  The store is like 90% comics and the rest are comic related items like toys, statues, etc.I've had pull box services in 3 different comic book stores here in Vegas and all 3 have let me down by giving me damaged books and not putting/missing  the comics I asked for.  Velvet Underground is the 4th and last comic shop I'll be going to.If you want a good selection of comics and comics in good condition with free bags and boards go to Velvet Underground.  Plus if you're looking for good service, Steven will gladly help you out.  Plus he's been in business for over 20 years so that should say a lot about it.
5	The owner here is super chill & he has a massive collection of comic books. He was also very helpful with my husband & I & it's clear that he loves helping his customers. He also has a cat lurking around in the store which I'm always trying to find lol.
5	This place is a treasure trove, chock-full of thousands of comic books of all publishers and eras. The owner is the nicest guy in the world. On our first visit, he gave myself and two friends a free comic book of our choice just for coming in. He's often cut me deals on things that are marked too high, or even off the cover price of new comics. I'm pretty sure that this is the best single collection of comic books in Vegas, and the experience is worthwhile too. If you're looking for comics, go here.
1	Place is cluttered and disorganized, kind of dark too. The owner is a strange fellow. I was just looking around one day when he and some other customers were going off on some kids for not being Christian, you could tell they were really uncomfortable. I'm glad he didn't drag me into that conversation. Last I circled this was a comic book store, not a church. I won't be returning either, seems like everything gets picked over by his box customers and were left with the scraps.
2	Regulars take precedence.The store is awesome, nooks and crannies filled with all kinds of great stuff, and a very interesting vibe: fake trees, cool music, etc.The problem comes when you actually want to make a purchase or inquire about something. We went in on a Saturday, and there was only one employee, who made it clear that he had several "regulars" he was helping, and that some of them had been waiting over an hour. Well, I just wanted to ask a question or two and buy a couple of things, but this seemed to be putting him out of his way.If you are a comic enthusiast and are a part of this scene, maybe this is all how it works. Me, I just wanted to check out a cool new store and buy a couple of things, but since I wasn't filling up my "box" or buying hundreds of dollars' worth of comics, I was given the brush-off.If you want to check out the store, just go in when there aren't so many "regulars" and you may have a shot. It's worth checking out, just wish the customer service was more oriented to ALL customers.
5	The largest selection of comics in Vegas.Definitely an eclectic shop with a cool vibe. Steven the owner is a generous, personable man with lots of knowledge.Prices are great and the selection is huge.
