5	Great shop. People are really nice, and they don't treat like a loser because you don't have a $1000 bike. We've bought three bikes from them and traded in two old ones - getting a good price for each. Awesome small shop - really recommend it.
1	Today, I had a terrible experience at Monona's Village Pedaler. i arrived at 10am as the shop opened. I needed to simply pump up a tire on my nephew's bike. I had trouble getting to the air value due to a spoke that was a little to snug to the value. Very simple issue....I walked in and there was a white lady getting her bike fixed. Another white lady and a white gentleman came in after me. The first lady bike was serviced. I was clearly next. The guy working there looked past me and serviced the white lady before me! It was clear that I was next, but he didn't serve me. I patiently waiting thinking something was strange. He then asked me what I needed. I explained and we walked to the pump. He started to pump the air into the value, stopped 1/2 way through, and went to help the white gentleman. He just left me standing there. ??????He got a set of tires for the man and left me wondering what I had done. I walked back in the shop wondering what was going on. I stood next to the gentleman. As the worker charged the man's credit card in the front of the store, the customer looked at me and apologized for the man working. He thanked me for my patience and went along. Again, we went to the pump and the worker finished pumping up the front tire. I proceeded to ask him if he would squeeze the back tire to see if it needed air too. He refused to do it, telling me that I 'should know how to do it.' He told me that 'this is a simply life skill that I should already know how to do'. Huh? I said, 'In your professional opinion, would you suggest that I add more air to the tire?'. He replied with a short, crisp, snotty attitude, "you feel the front tire and it (the back tire) needs air, do it". Wow!!!!!...and he walked back in the store, leaving me by myself. I'm serious, I stood there shocked and wondering what was happening.I am an African American professional who wanted to take my nephew on his first Monona-lake bike ride. I didn't deserve service like this. If you don't support discriminatory business, stay away from this shop! He didn't need to treat me with such disregard. They don't deserve your money. Stay away and tell your friends to not support this shop.
5	I have purchased several items from Mike and Gary over the years to include hockey gear, Oakley's, baseball gear, and now as of recent; Bikes. I used to be heavily involved in bike racing about 20 years ago, but becuase of the sport changing so much to this date, I once again went to the Village Peddler to ask the experienced and knowledgeable staff at VP. Having two boys changing from BMX style to Mountain bikes, I had no idea what to look for size wise. Gary showed both boys the different bikes and took the time to explain the differences. When each of them picked out the style of bike that they liked the most, Gary measured each of them and suggested the correct size knowing that they will need room to grow. In comparing two other bikes stores, their sale prices were still more than Village Peddler everday prices, can you say mark-up!Each of the boys were taught how to assemble and dissasemble their tires making sure to check the brakes to allow them for a seamless ride.Gary went over this a couple times to make sure the boys were comfortable to do it on there own, then asked them both to do it by themselves. After about two times, they are pros! I was impressed as I sat back and watched the interaction between the boys, Gary, and newly joining in on the conversation; Mike. It was impressive to see that both of the boys fealt comfortable and were totally ingaged with Gary and Mike like they had known them for years. It was obvious that both the men have kids and could relate specifically on a personal level before professional. Both Gary and Mike spent about 25 minutes with them, which in this day and age doesn't happen in the big corporate run stores. I have been in customer service myself for over 20 years, so it definitely takes a lot to impress me! I have visited other bike stores where we were just treated like a number, when finally asked if we needed help it was if the clerk was being timed to make sure he could get back to the next person in line. When I am considering spending a large amount of money, if I am not impressed with your customer service, you have definitely lost the sale. In this case, we as a family were treated excellent, and coming from a guy in his 40's, I don't find many places that are willing to make a good personal experience great, but in the case it most definitely was. We added several accessories to our purchase and all together spent far less than we would have elsewhere. Once we were done, both guys wheeled the bikes out and helped us secure them in the truck conveinently out a side door of their shop. While in the store, I picked out a couple of bikes that I am intersted in, and soon as have time, you can bet that I am going to head back and buy the one that makes the most sense. When I have a good experince shopping, I tend to tell everyone I know, and this time will be no different. Thanks for a pleasent experience guys, I really appreciate it! Charles
4	Good local shop.  I haven't experienced any racism like jayson and can safely say after LONG conversations with a very interesting owner that they are NOT a racist bike shop.  Madison maybe a bit on the hyper-sensitive side when pulling the race card.
5	Jayson, you're a douche nozzle.  When you talk about the "white" women in line waiting, you clearly not only have a issue with white people but women as well.  If you feel you were treated poorly, it most likely didn't happen and if it did you deserved it.  You expect too much in life and you give NOTHING in return.  You suck for coming on this page and talking trash about the best local sporting store around.  Go shop at a Big Box store where they don't care about you and you can claim all white people are racists all day long.  Dick head!
