5	The New Serenity Spa gets it right. From the great prices, customer service and services you can't go wrong. The ownership truly understands what taking care of clients means. This belief is from the top down. A great experience. I recommend the serenity facial!  Will be back for another one and will try the massage services and yoga. Leaving relaxed and centered.
5	First off, the spa itself is gorgeous. Very clean, calm and inviting for both men and women.  They have a yoga studio to get all zen before you have a massage, facial, microdermabrasion or chemical peel.I went in for a facial with Christine and let me tell you, I am an aesthetician myself and super picky about who touches my face.SHE IS AMAZING!The spa has Image Skincare and Rhonda Allison products, both great lines. The room is comfortable size (not a closet) and the table is very cozy. Christine used just the right pressure and nice slow tempo throughout the treatment.  I really appreciate how she didn't just slap on a cream, but artfully applied and removed the masques.   My face was glowing when I left and I know I will most definitely be back!
5	From the moment you walk in you can't help but be captivated by the beautiful photography that welcomes you, taken by the owner herself. To match the visual welcoming you are then greeted by Courtney, who is charming and effortlessly demonstrates the true essence of hospitality. The music in the background another well thought out gift to the senses. See the name of this little wonderland tucked away in the midst of this great big shopping mega-plaza is truly exemplified in every way....Serenity just starts to take over the moment you walk in.I know what you're thinking, all spas have that about them, but I'll let  you know that in this one, you really feel it, you feel the difference. There are beautifully decorated spas, that have great soothing sounds, and friendly staff to be sure, what make the New  Serenity Spa different is the heartfelt and genuine dedication to the vision that the owner brings to it, and is supported by in her staff.There's even a candlelit meditation/yoga studio for you to use before or after your massage session.....oh yes, that's why I went...a massage....Well, on my massage table was a little sealed envelope with a wrapped chocolate. The envelope holds a positive affirmation and 1 in 50 includes a complimentary service, not bad odds huh?And what can I say, I was a noodle as I got up....absolutely delicious! Even received a foot scrub as a finishing touch!I would say whether in the area or a drive away, find the time to go to the New Serenity Spa! You can thank e later!
5	When you first walk in you become captured by the soothing, relaxing vibes. It was my first time coming to this spa and the receptionist that helped me, Courtney, is such a doll! She is very professional, knowledgeable, and friendly. I went in to get my eyebrows cleaned up and the esthetician did a great job. I am very picky about my eyebrows and every other place I have been to either burns my skin or does not do what I ask. Johnna did exactly the opposite of what every other place has done. All I wanted was to clean them up and she did just that, perfect shape and length! Eyebrows make the face and I am very happy with them. I am going in for a massage soon and I cant wait!
5	I have pretty high standards for massage quality as I'm usually in for a sports massage after an extreme event or injury prevention/healing.  Bridget was amazing.  She knew exactly what to do and I can't wait to go back.  The spa is gorgeous, comfortable, and totally relaxing.  I think that hour was the best hour of my week.  With all of the training and work I put my muscles through, they deserve a break and New Serenity will be the only place I book.  Even though it is kind of a drive for me, it is worth it!  I recommend this spa to anyone.
5	Such a beautiful and serene place the moment you walk in. The decor is beautiful as well as the unique photographs displayed on the walls throughout the spa. I came in for a much needed massage and it was honestly the best massage I have ever had. I have had a couple professional massages before and they always applied too much pressure and never asked if I wanted more or less pressure. Kristina made sure I was comfortable and would check in every once in a while to make sure the amount of pressure was what I wanted. I felt so relaxed after I left and the constant pain in my lower back feels alleviated. I will definitely be back! Especially with the great prices they offer. May have to try one of their facials next. :)
5	What a relaxing afternoon. I took advantage of New Serenity Spa's massage/facial combo package. From the moment I walked in the door of New Serenity's new location, I felt peaceful and increasingly relaxed. The decor of the reception area got the process started. From the soothing and beautiful water fall to the stunning scenic photography on the walls, I could have sat in the reception area for a half hour and never got bored. I was greeted with kindness and a cup of cold water, and, within minutes, I was in the massage room getting pampered from head-to-toe. Kristina is a skilled and intuitive massage therapist with a warm and caring personality. My tension-filled lower back got lots of TLC and felt so much better by the end of the massage. After 60 minutes of massage bliss, I was given a fluffy robe and slippers to slip on so I could move next door to the facial room. Christine gave my stressed-out skin lots of caring attention. The hydrating products she used felt wonderful and smelled incredible. I loved the way she massaged the products in with careful, circular motions. My face felt just fabulous. I will definitely go back for the spa/facial combo, and I saw lots of other services on menu that sound verrry interesting. Thanks so much for taking good care of me, Kristina and Christine.
5	This is the best spa in Scottsdale! I recently visited and had a facial, and it was wonderful. This spa is a breath of fresh air, and the owners photography on the walls is spectacular. If you are in Scottsdale AZ for work or play stop by and visit this spa. Totally worth the time an MONEY!!!
5	I highly recommend this place for a massage.  Kristina has honestly got to be the best massage therapist I've ever encountered.  She'll cater your massage to whatever level of pressure you want, and she can do deep tissue better than anyone I've ever gotten a massage from.
5	I had booked an appointment for myself, my mom and my sister in law when they were coming in from out of town. When we arrived, we found out that our appointment had never been booked and the spa did not have time to accommodate the three of us when we arrived (2 of us were getting facials, 1 of us a massage). We were disappointed about the error so I talked with Stacey, the owner. Stacey apologized profusely for the mistake and promised to make it up if we rescheduled. I explained that my schedule was tight and they were in from out of town, but she was able to fit us in the next day at a discounted rate with complimentary upgrades.The services were excellent and we were not pressured to buy any products. They treated us all great and the services were wonderful. While I was impressed by the services,  I was truly blown away by how seriously  Stacey takes customer service and she more than made up for the error. It is rare to find a place that will admit they made a mistake and go the extra mile to serve their customer. I will definitely   be back. We all make mistakes, but how we correct them is what counts...well done New Serenity...others should take note!
4	I have been  to a lot of spas. Some fancy and others fancy only in their eyes. I was recommended this location from my resort The Scottsdale Villa Mirage. A friend and I went one day and I had a massage and I came back the next day for a facial. First off the prices are freakin awesome. I'm from Chicago and for those prices, trust that the building and the products would not be that great. The location is small, but neat, decorated very well and the staff is great. I honestly felt like I was in a much higher quality establishment. I wish I could bring them home with me.
5	This review is long overdue. My fingers have been itching to write this review since 11/10/13 so here goes:First of all, I am not from AZ. I'm actually from Washington, DC and was working in Phoenix for a couple of weeks. I had a major inflammation/irritation/acne flare-up due to the many different states my job had taken me and none of the OTC products/systems worked. My skin has NEVER been perfect, all the contrary. I've suffered from hormonal acne since I can remember and the many very expensive facials ($300+) I've gotten in posh spas in Georgetown never really did much but empty my pockets (facial + gratuity + pushy sale of products + parking ticket. If you've ever been to DC you know parking tickets are like souvenirs.) I found New Serenity Spa on Yelp and made my appointment online that same Sunday afternoon. By far the best decision I made. I scheduled a facial and massage for myself, and a massage for my husband. From the moment I made the appointments to the moment I left the spa the service was amazing. Incomparable. I was greeted by Stacy, the "receptionist". I found out later Stacy is the owner. She never boasted about their service or their products. Her only interest was getting to know me, my skin, my needs, my expectations. That immediately put me at ease. My facial was with Christine, a beautiful young, professional, charismatic, and very knowledgeable aesthetician. She asked questions no one else had ever asked me about my skin. She wasn't too concerned about the clock. She helped me understand my skin and its needs as well as helping me understand the science behind skincare and tips for getting the most out of my facial. She was never pushy about selling the products. It was the first time I was the one asking for product. Needless to say, I bought a few Rhonda Allison skin care products that were customized for my skin's needs. Four days later, I went back to the spa because the acne treatment was working too well. Yes, it had taken care of my flare up, but it had over dried  my skin. Most likely because I didn't believe Christine when she said, "a little goes a long way." Nonetheless, Stacy immediately apologized and personally gave me a mini facial on the spot and free of charge as well as gifting me over $80 in Rhonda Allison product to return the much needed hydration to my skin. It is evident this spa is in a league of its own. A place where the owner and her staff have a passion for what they do, an ambiance where peace is its foundation and high quality is the norm. The only other place I had similar service was at Elizabeth Arden in DC. But unlike posh spas that treat you differently when you walk in with a gift certificate or a Groupon, New Serenity Spa made me feel like their #1 VIP client even when they knew I'd probably never be back because Arizona is not my home. To top it off, their recommendation of the Rhonda Allison skin care product has transformed my skin. I will not use any other skincare line. The only downside...I live in DC and going back to Phoenix for work isn't in my plans anytime soon. I am so jealous of those of you that live there. So, if you're looking for a place unlike the rest, don't think twice, make your appointment now. You won't regret it. Oh, one last thing that shows how awesome they are, Stacy offered to continue to share her knowledge and expertise via phone/e-mail. Yes, that's the kind of place they are.
5	BEST FACIAL EVER! Christine is amazing!!!!!!! I felt calm, relaxed, and my skin has never looked so good! Can't wait to go back.  Don't even think twice about going to see her.  BOOK NOW!
5	I just discovered the yoga side of New Serenity Spa. I couldn't be more impressed. The space is beautiful. The instructors are very knowledgable and able to guide and assist students of all levels. The energy in this space is incredible. Unlike many other studios, there are no egos here.The yoga schedule offers a wide variety of classes to accommodate those wanting a physical practice, to those wanting a calming guided meditation. Without hesitation, I'd recommend this yoga program.
5	I just had THE MOST incredible experience ever. I have had many massages and facials but this was the best hands down. I had the serenity massage as well as the serenity facial. I was there for two hours of pure bliss.  Nothing was rushed and I felt that every second I was being pampered 100% of the time.   I'm from LA and I just wish I could get the quality at this price that I found here. Please come to LA!!!!  I'll be back next time I am in Town.  I had Marec and Johnna ( terribly spent I am sure sorry). Just brilliant thank you guys xx
5	This spa was fantastic.  I got a 'first timer' facial and massage combo for $99 which was awesome.  The girls were great and had fun personalities too.  I went with a friend and we both has great experiences. I will definitely go back.
5	Went for a facial with Shayna today and it was awesome.  I followed her from another location and it was well worth it. The extra's that come with the Serenity Facial--hand, foot, neck and head massage are the best.  You walk on more relaxed than you can imagine.   The Spa is very inviting and the rooms etc are great.  Everyone is very friendly.  If you have a chance to put time aside for a facial--Shayna is your girl.  Can't wait for my next facial!!  And don't miss the photography throughout the spa.  Wonderful photos that were done by the owner.  They are amazing.
5	My dear friend took me to Serenity Spa for a special treat and I will never be able to thank her enough!!!  She arranged for a Serenity Facial with Stacy.  It was heaven!  I am in my 50's and my skin has changed over the years and I asked Stacy if she would educate me on how to take care of my skin.  I literally could have cried when she told me that nothing about my skin was irreversible!  She explained what I needed, what ingredients in products to stay away from and which ingredients were essential.  Besides the invaluable education, she gave me a fabulous facial.  It was so relaxing, and the products she uses are wonderful - for the first time in a long time I felt good about my skin.  I now have information and products that I am using and I can actually see the improvement in my skin.  I cannot thank Stacy enough for a truly wonderful and life changing experience; I will be back every time I visit Scottsdale!
5	The spa itself is clean, beautiful and relaxing. Amy at the front desk makes the most lovely fruit water drinks ever, and the facial with Shayna was hands down the best I have ever had. I have followed Shayna from another spa and this place is just amazing. She can get me in a relaxed, blissful happy place like none else can. Go for the serenity 90 minute facial - scalp, shoulder, neck, hand and foot massage are all INCLUDED - FANTASTIC! Also, everything smells incredible. I'm now a member and will be there monthly - cant wait to take my complimentary yoga class! Had lunch at Wildflower next door when I was through - what a day!
5	When I walked into New Serenity Spa last week, my body felt like a gigantic ball of stress, and my spirits were dragging behind me like a flat balloon. Amy greeted me with a smile and a cup of strawberry-infused water.Then, Cristina and Marica did their magic. Cristina took care of my customized facial. This facial included the basic facial plus four extras I chose from the facial menu. Cristina used Skinscripts products to bring my dull skin back to life. Her gentle touch truly touched me. After my facial, I slipped on my fluffy robe and slippers and eased to the next room for my deep tissue massage with Marica. Since my back is almost always in terrible condition, I expected a "no-pain-no-gain" experience. I don't know how she did it, but Marica loosened all my stress balls without hurting me. As far as I'm concerned...she's a miracle worker. When I left New Serenity Spa that afternoon, I felt relaxed, renewed and encouraged.Thanks so much Cristina and Marica! I'll be back soon, FOR SURE!
5	I highly recommend Shayna for a facial! She is amazing and uses wonderful products. She has completely helped to correct my skin and knows her stuff :)
5	Best massage I've had in a long time. The staff is courteous and helpful.  I was treated so well, the bad day I was having seemed like a distant memory when I left. I'll definitely be back!
5	I had such a great experience at the New Serenity Spa today. This was my first time there. I read a lot of positive reviews on yelp so I was really excited. Shayna was my esthetician and she was fantastic. One of the best facials I have ever gotten. Great vibe and excellent service!
5	I think I found a permanent massage place.  I probably have received two great massages and this one is now added to the list. After receiving a very average massage a few weeks ago, New Serenity was my redemption. Corinna was amazing. She knew exactly which areas to trigger and which ones needed the most attention. She even worked a bit on my shoulder that I injured a few months ago and it feels great. The entire establishment is well kept, quiet and clean.  I'll definitely be back in the next few weeks!
5	Absolutely love the yoga here! Awesome instructors in a nice, peaceful room. Classes are smaller than usual but I personally love the intimate feel
5	Need a Break from the rat race of life?  I sure did!  Easy to find location surrounded by wonderful restaurants and daily amenities and plenty of free parking. The moment I stepped into the Spa I smelled many wonderful smells, lemon water available to you as you wait for your treatment. I was taken into a lovely space where I received a 90 minute massage in a quiet, cool massage room with gorgeous wall art. My therapist told me it was the owners (Stacy's) photo's that she had taken herself.  My massage was very professional and ask my therapist to allow me to go away as I didn't want to talk.  I know I drifted off many times during the massage.  The best part for me was the feet massage the therapist did at the end (my feet are always dry and after she was done they were no more). Once I finished the 90 minute massage I was told to put on a white fluffy robe and slippers and then taken to my 60 minute facial.  Again beautiful art work on the walls from the owner (nice local touch) and then greeted by a wonderful aesthetician who spent a few minutes asking me clarifying questions about what I wanted to achieve in this facial. She was very personable, talked when I wanted to talk and let me drift away as I needed. My skin absorbed all the yumminess quickly and the therapist told me I had great skin for my age :)   I don't do facials often, but I now know I sure do need more of them!  I spend a wonderful 3 hours in New Serenity Spa and left feeling revived and rested. Thank you for the wonderful find.  I would say the prices are very affordable for what you get and when your done, walk 15 feet to Wild Harvest for a yummy sandwich or salad without the need to get into your car to drive. I also found out they offer Yoga & Mediation classes - Wow!  Full services one stop shop  What else can you ask for?
4	I had a facial and a massage done. I was really disappointed in the massage, but thankfully the facial made up for it.
5	Bridgett is excellent!
5	Need a vacation? How about a spa-cation?  New Serenity massage/facial will take you to a place of sheer bliss.  The spa is nestled in an easy to find location off the 101 on Hayden....great selection of restaurants and shopping nearby.  I walked in and was greeted with a friendly warm welcome; the well decorated waiting area sets the mood with a serene water fountain and fruit infused drinking water for guests.  I could feel myself relaxing already!I was quickly escorted to my first destination...a 60 minute serenity massage with Tamara.  When I walked into the room my eyes were immediately drawn to wall art. Stunning illuminated local landscape shed just the right amount of light into the room.  .The beds are warmed!  Tamara came in and was attentive to every aspect of my needs and comfort. Then she touched my back....I immediately felt the energy. Her hands are magic...the pressure was perfect and she hit every single area that needed extra attention.  The movement was fluid and flowing....it wasn't long before I found myself drifting away to the land of bliss.  The warm towel under my neck and foot scrub are a perfect touch.  When our session was over I found myself amazed that it had only been an hour; usually I feel like I need more...but Tamara had provided such a relaxing thorough service that I actually felt as if I had been there for 2 hours.  I felt that good!   Tamara gave me a comfortable robe and I was soon onto my next stop....a facial with Shayna.  Shayna led me into her facial room.  Another well decorated, relaxing space, with yes....that beautiful wallart!   The hour with Shayna was incredible...she is personable, knowledgeable, attentive and has a great touch.  The facial treatment includes more massage...OMG.  I was in heaven.  I had not only a fabulous facial, but a relaxing facial/head/upper body massage.  The hour with Shayna was so enjoyable.  Towards the end I started to prepare myself mentally for a product sales pitch.  NONE.  We discussed product, but there was no awkward moment at the end of our service of her trying to talk me into buying anything!  I was so impressed.. For that reason alone; I would be more apt to purchase what I need from them.  My skin felt amazing...thank you!!!The check out receptionist was warm and friendly.  My spa-cation ended and as I left the parking lot I reflected on the great experience and my heart was filled with gratitude. It was a wonderful experience.i encourage you to visit New Serenity Spa and experience the great energy and effective therapies.  Next I want to try their yoga studio....
5	I've had a few professional massages before, and this was one of the best.I was able to make a same day appointment for a 90 minute deep tissue massage.  This was my first time here.   Everyone was extremely friendly.  The process getting in the door was smooth.  The table was comfortable.  The room had appropriate lighting, good temperature and relaxing music.  The massage itself was outstanding.  If my experience was any indicator of the competency of the other massage therapists, I would definitely say this place requires a high standard.
3	I'm revising my previous review. The spa has made several attempts to rectify the situation as well as apologize, and  in all fairness I can't leave a one star review. There could have been better communication, but the overall ambience, cleanliness and customer service deserves more than one star.Old review:I really hate to give a one star, but I feel I have no choice. I went in for my first facial in months. Left it up to the aesthetician as to what I should get as they are the experts. I had a couple of milia that needed to be addressed as well as looking at an anti-aging facial. No steam which I love especially here in Arizona. In fact, I don't think  I have ever had a facial that did not use steam to soften the face. Usually after a good facial my skin would feel more polished and taut. Nope. The small white dots are still there, but I am out over $90 with tip.Huge disappointment; huge waste of time and money. I am not going to say the name of the girl who worked on me, but I will never go back and could never recommend it. Yes, it's clean etc, but I expect a real facial when I pay for one.I really wonder about all these other top reviews.
5	Marica and Kimberly were great for couples massage... came out feeling amazing!  Get the aromatherapy :)
5	The hubby and I were doing a little staycation at the Villa Mirage resorts and I thought we could use some pampering.  Looked up nearby spas online and the Yelp reviews were good so I booked a couples massage.  Christie did a great job on the hubby and Misty did a fantastic job on me.  Lovely massage with nice oils, heated sheet and towel and PERFECT pressure.  A wonderful experience which I would refer to anyone.
5	It is that time again, Spa Week!  I went online to see who was participating this year in Phoenix / Scottsdale.  New Serenity Spa has been on my radar for awhile now and I've seen the awesome Yelp reviews.  Lucky for me, I called and was able to get in yesterday for a 60 minute massage with Tamara!First off, they called and confirmed with me the day before the appointment and Summer made sure to mention arriving early to fill in paperwork.  I arrived the yesterday to a calm waiting area with comfy seats and orange water available.Tamara came out to great me and I was immediately impressed.  Once we made it to the massage room, she informed me of all of the great aspects that make up the Serenity Massage ( medium pressure, long strokes, sugar scrub on feet, warm towels, scalp massage, etc.)    Wow, all of that in one hour?  Score.  (I did decline the scalp massage, not always a fan of the oily hair and messed-up hairdo that follows)After the hour of bliss, I had the dark chocolate ( nice touch!) that was left for me along with Tamara's business card.  Taking a closer look, I now realized that she is the Lead Massage Therapist!  Score again!  She has great hands and techniques.  You will not be disappointed, trust me.I hope to return again in the near future for another 60 minutes of bliss and pampering.This place is worth the visit and deserving of the many five star reviews here on Yelp.
1	I moved to Scottsdale in Jan of this year and am very loyal to small businesses after I find a good one. I found New Serenity on yelp and after reading all the great reviews I thought I should try them out. My first vist was great, I had a facial and massage back to back. The second time I went in my husband called in and booked me a massage and paid over the phone with his card, that was a great massage. The third time I went again good service, and I decided to sign up for their membership, this is where things went downhill. The membership is a great deal if you get a few massages a month, the problem happened with the billing. I gave my CC # on the sign up form, this was authorizing a monthly auto debit. The first month my husbands card was charged, his card should have never been assoicated with this. I called and they refunded his card after a week, and I cancelled my membership. The next month I was charged again without authorizing. I called and asked for this to be refunded and deleted and they said it would be a creidt for my next visit, I agreed to this. In my last attemp to make this place work I scheduled a facial and massage to use my credit I had $60 and was going to pay for the facial (Special $50). I booked this over the phone (will not say the name) and received an email confirmation for both services. I show up for the appointment and was only scheduled for a facial no massage and no one was available. I was told this was not booked correctly. I was also told since I was not able to do the massage, I would have to pay $10 extra the the facial if I wanted to use my credit. The girl told me if I used my credit of $60 for the facial the special would fall off and I would need to pay $70 for the service. Long story short after tip I paid $80 for a facial that I thought I would of paid $50 for, I had confirmation of an appointment that didnt exist, and after several charges to my card and my husbands card unauthorized I will not go back to this place. The girls the do the massages and facials are great, but obviously managment is horrible, their computers and booking services are not good at all (employees mention this when things go wrong), and no one seems to care when things go wrong such as a appointment you make time for and they dont even have in their system. I agree with the below reviewer and am also curious about all these positive reviews.
5	I had the Serenity massage yesterday and absolutely enjoyed every second. Marica was fabulous! She asked me how the pressure was and knew just where to take a little extra time!The Spa is so calm and clean. My room was inviting and the bed was really comfortable. My massage even included a foot scrub. The prices are reasonable and you are really pampered. This is my second time here and I highly recommend getting in for a treatment. When I checked in on Yelp I even got an upgraded to include aromatherapy!Thank you to the staff for treating this tired mother to a great hour of relaxation!
5	I have had many massages over the years and this place was the absolute best!  They were extremely friendly and accommodating and the pricing was extremely competitive.  I will definitely be going back here.
5	Had my second massage with Marica yesterday & my first facial with Cristina.  These ladies are a-mazing.  Beyond.  They are both so sweet & friendly, and fantastic at what they do.  I left feeling incredible and can't wait to go back.  Seriously A+ service from these two ladies!
