1	DO NOT HIRE!!! Sent by Lowe's to repair my refrigerator, they assured me they would call a few days later after replacement part arrived. As they never called, I started trying them, took 3 days and at least 5 tries to speak with anyone.  All Desert then informed me that the tech had reported fixing the refrigerator & closed the service order.  They basically told me to piss off & if I wanted them to return & actually fix something I needed to begin a new service request with Lowe's.   I had to begin the process entirely over again (of course I went with a different company). In total, primarily because of their BS, My family was without a Fridge for 24 days.Absolutely do not use this company if you actually want your appliances fixed.
1	Do not ever use this company!!! I have been without a clothes dryer for over a month now. As I write this review in fact, It is 4 hours past the 4 hour window I was given to wait for the repairman. Not to mention he was supposed to come on Tuesday, missed his window and after assuring me he would be there 2 hours later, he was a no show. This will be their 6th visit to my house to fix my dryer. Unfortunately, you can not post a review without at least giving one star, they deserve zero.
1	AGREED!!  THEY SUCK!!  DO NOT HIRE THESE FOLKS!  My stove has been out since Jul 14, I am one week shy of a month.  Poor follow-up from reception.  They NEVER call you back.  My Home Warranty refunded my service fee due to poor service.  Awaiting 3rd visit..."I'm on my way"....over 45 mins later and I'm still waiting.  I just called and he's still at another location.  Will be another 30 mins; you have got to be kidding me??!!  ZERO!!  A BIG FAT ZERO is what they earned from me.
1	Just an update, 2 weeks later, another all day wait for a no show service man, and still no dryer.
1	Totally concur with other reviews.  TERRIBLE.  Refrigerator broke in a rental property on a Friday.  They didn't respond until Tuesday.  Didn't order parts until Wednesday.  Then, after getting the parts the following MONDAY, they didn't get back to install the parts until FRIDAY.  I had no choice but to deal with them as they were hired by my home warranty. So, it took 2 weeks to get a very common Sears Kenmore refrigerator fixed.  They could care less about fixing your stuff.
1	My washing machine has been broken for over a week. I called my home warranty and they've contracted with these people to come out. I never received a call to schedule the repair. 2 days later I get an email from AHS saying the company was unsuccessful in contacting me. I called All Desert verified my number which they had the correct one and scheduled for today between 10a-2p. I called at noon to verify what time the tech would be here and was told 1:30p. It's 3pm no show and NO CALL! I called them and now they're phones are not working just a busy signal! Worst CUSTOMER SERVICE! Never again! Service call cancelled and another company is coming out!
1	I agree with all of these reviews.  I too had my warranty company send them out to make repairs to a dishwasher.  They came out - fixed the dishwasher but didn't replace the light inside that had burned out.  I called that day and was told the warranty didn't cover the bulb.  I said I wanted to pay and have it fixed anyway....  That was 2 months ago and 4 calls to the exact same person each time.  Today when I called again - I was told and I quote - "Viking would not allow them to order a replacement bulb because they didn't own the dishwasher."  I called Viking and they said they never heard of this and that they send out parts all the time.  I called back and spoke with the exact same person and was told yet again that the owner/manager would call me....  Wonder if I will ever get a call back - not that it matters - I handled everything direct with Viking.  I do not recommend this company at all!!!
4	I had a much better experience with All Desert than the other reviewers here and I am happy to share it.  After my home warranty company contracted them to come out to fix my washing machine door, their technician Zhora showed up exactly when he said he would and assessed the problem quickly and was very helpful, funny and professional.  They ordered the parts and, after the home warranty company contacted me and gave me grief about covering the cost of the parts, Ryan at All Desert took the time to contact the warranty company on my behalf and take care of the issue.  He stayed in touch with me by email every step of the way through the process and, within the week, the parts had arrived, everything was handled at the home warranty company and Zhora returned to install the new parts...my washing machine door works perfectly now and I am very happy.  I was frustrated with my home warranty company but the staff at All Desert helped me and handled the problem quickly and professionally.  I really do appreciate their time and service.
4	I was referred to All Desert by my home warranty as well.  I needed to have my Fisher & Paykel washing machine repaired - although good overall, it is a bit obscure and a bit difficult to find a service for it.  I didn't wait for All Desert to call me - I called them and spoke to Jennifer.  Very pleasant and helpful.  The first scheduled repair was on New Year's Eve.  Should've known better than to expect anyone to show and the tech didn't call or show.  I called after the holiday to complain and reschedule.  Jennifer was very apologetic and again, very pleasant.  She scheduled another tech to come ASAP and gave me a shorter service window.  The "new" tech assigned was Alex. He called me prior to arriving and was there waiting when I got home.  He was very professional and very thorough and very friendly.  He explained the situation and his suggested fix.  I did have to wait about a week for parts to show - not sure if this was normal or not, but I stayed on top of the situation.  Alex was scheduled to return for the repair.  The service window (2-6) was almost over when Alex called to say that he would be a bit late and offered to come a bit later.  He kept his word and returned with the parts.  Although a bit late, I really appreciated the call and was glad he was willing to complete the repair.  Again, he was very thorough and professional.  I would recommend them and urge you to be sure to stay in touch with them to confirm appointments or returns.  I highly recommend Alex!
1	I tried but Yelp did not let me post with ZERO stars so don't let the one star fool you.  Old Republic Home Protection sent them to me to service my broken fridge.  My condo is in a high-rise on Las Vegas strip and this guy could not find it for his life.  He finally gave up after 30 minutes circling the neighborhood and told me to call another company because he did not need my business that bad.  I was absolutely speechless by that time.  You can save your time by calling someone else to begin with.
1	You don't even deserve a star! Two appointments in a week, over 30 minutes late the first time with a 4 hour window with No call and No apology for being late! Today another 4 hour window today and NO SHOW, NO CALL!!!I do NOT recommend this company!!!! If you have an account here I'd cancel it!!!!! Disgusted, now I have to take yet another day to be here to get my washing machine fixed!!!!
1	Absolutely terrible. Our LG washer has been broken for over a month because of the ineptitude of this company. After the first appointment, we were told that a part needed to be replaced. The technician said he would have the part ordered and would replace it after it came in. When a different tech came back a week later, he said they ordered the wrong part and he'd order the right one and come back. Another week passes and they send a third tech. He said he had the wrong part and will return again. Two weeks later they send yet another tech and guess what? "Wrong part."This has just been an awful experience. In addition to have a broken washer, we've had to rearrange work schedules or arrive late to work to be able to be here for the tech. Most of the time, the tech came at the end of the window they company said they they'd be here.And just today someone was supposed to come between 10am-12pm and we were told he had a flat tire and would come later. Here I am waiting and it's 5pm. Ridiculous.
5	This 5-star rating was earned by Andrew, from All Desert Appliances.  He is professional, courteous, and you feel that he can be trusted in your home.  This tech dispatch was from Electrolux to correct a problem with my dryer.  While it took a bit for the parts to come in, that isn't something that this company can control.  I agree that some frustration is experienced when calling in (depends on who you get on the phone) but overall, All Desert Appliances are savvy enough to recognize a top performer in Andrew and I am grateful for this.  Mistakes happen - this is true, we are ALL guilty of this - but how those mistakes are rectified is how we are graded.  Thank you ...
1	Place is an absolute joke.After reading other reviews, it seems like I am not the only one who is having issues with a company who is in the "parts" business ordering the wrong parts.   This is happened multiple times to us.   Their customer service is awful.   I doubt anyone will read this but others should know not to use a company who provides sub par service.Oh... and we a still waiting for this "mythical" part to show up, it's been over a month.
1	Dreadful customer service.  I am a property manager and run maintenance for close to 100 homes.  I was forced to use this company via one of our home owner's warranty companies.  We needed a part for an LG washer.  Three different times the tenant and owner were quoted conflicting dates that the part would be in and the unit serviced, none of which proved to be true.  When All Desert was confronted with this, its response was that LG is "notorious for not providing parts when they say they will."  I then suggested perhaps they tell this to customers and say that they cannot quote a date of service until the part has arrived.  Furthermore, as a business, if you know you have a bad supplier, perhaps you need to plan contingencies and keep some of their parts on hand or work the relationship better. The tenant has now been ONE MONTH without a washer and I was told that I cannot call LG to verify or speed this up because I would need an account.  I will also be contacting this warranty company with this report as a complaint against them using this vendor. My recommendation is to call Comfort Home Appliance for quality work and customer service, 'cause you won't get it with All Desert.
1	DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY! I REPEAT, DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!  This company doesn't deserve any stars.  They sent a tech out to see what was wrong with my subzero refrigerator/freezer and he was great but the actual company sucks!  I waited 2 weeks to get it fixed and they never called me back and made up some crazy story that the owner was in the hospital.  Even if he was, what does that have to do with fixing my refrigerator.  Now,  I have lost all my freeon and that results in me having to throw away everything in my fridge.  If you didn't want to fix it, just tell me and I will find someone else.  Now its a disaster and I owe it all to you!  This business should be shut down.  They are liars and thieves and don't have a clue about business! They are what's wrong with businesses today..  They just don't care and they enjoy screwing people over.
1	If only I could leave 0 stars. This company is among the worst in Vegas. They may actually be the worst. They were dispatched to my home through a home warranty to repair a 10 year old Kitchen Aid double wall oven. The tech was great! He tried everything to get the oven working (2 days before Thanksgiving) but the board needed to be replaced.Over the next few days I was contacted by my home warranty company to let me know that it was very difficult to locate the part but they had sourced it & All Desert would order/replace it as soon as the part arrived.Several days later I called All Desert to find out if they had an estimated date of arrival/installation of said part. Was advised that the part was $250, $20 tax & $125 labor all of which was not covered by the home warranty. Additionally they stated it would take 1-2 weeks to arrive.The part had not been ordered yet. I immediately called home warranty company. I was advised that All Desert had not even contacted them yet about ordering the part. They had stated that they would be taking my old board & having it rebuilt. Then I called Kitchen Aid. Gave them the model number & a minute later was informed that they had the part in stock & it would arrive withing 2 business days of order. It was also less money than quoted by All Desert. I understand that business marks up the cost, however I have never seen it cost more through repair shop than if I had ordered it myself.Home warranty company called me back & advised me that they had tried to speak with manager to arrange repair/replacement of board.  4 days later, we are still waiting for contact from All Desert.  As of today, more than 3 weeks after All Desert's visit I still am without an oven. I ordered the part directly from Kitchen Aid this morning & will be installing it myself. It's a very simple case of unplug the old 1 & plug in the new one. 4 screws & voila. NOT ROCKET SCIENCE.
1	I've scheduled service to fix my dryer on Dec 3rd and was told that the part (ignitor) and the tech would be back on Dec 10th to fix.Well on Dec 10th i called and no one knew about ordering any part and the tech only showed up on Dec 13th with the WRONG part. Now I'm going to have to  wait until they order the part and show up here again to fix it. So far 2 weeks with no dryer but they were pretty quick to cash my check all right. Not happy at all.
1	Dont believe any post that compliments this company. Its the same company that is posting fake compliments to off set its very poor and consistent ratings by real people. I called my home warranty company for a repair on 3 items. They scheduled my appointment with All desert appliances.  First off the technician that came out was unprofessional. He walks in my home with out any booties on his dirty shoes, then asked to use my bathroom right away. I let him use the bathroom only to find it dirty with the toilet seat up and he didn't wash his hands (gross).  He works on a washer and  makes a few adjustments and never informs me that he is ordering parts for it. Then the issue was with my built in micro wave, claiming that he cant touch psychically touch or bring it down if he needs to install a part. Which ends up that it does require a part.  He tells me that he needs to check if he can bring it down. He stated that he would let me know before he comes out. Other wise I have to bring it down my self. For me that's not a big deal as long as it gets fixed. So, now on the return visit after 5 days , the techs returns and fiddles the washer. Mind you I never got a call as to what to do with the MW.After he finishes with the washer he gets up and tells me that he has to leave. I asked about the MW,since he had the part to fix it. He being to tell me that his boss wants him to leave since the MW wasn't brought down. I told him that I was never informed to bring it down. So he takes off and leaves the garbage behind of the parts removed from the washer. I  then called to complain and demand to speak mr.Ryan the so called "boss". I called several times and he never bothered to call me back. Instead, he did speak to the home warranty and told them that per the "contract" they can touch the MW. I told the warranty company that wasn't the issue. I would be happy to bring down the MW and would have it ready , if they would have given me a courtesy and CALLED ME ahead of time!The rudeness , the lack of professionalism that company does is well beyond what anyone should put up with. The worst part is Ryan, he is a so called manager that avoids calling people back and totally fails to professional resolve any issue. In my book that is called a coward. A real manager is a leader that takes charge and resolves issues. Not run away from it.
5	Boris was great and fixed my refrigerator defroster problem.  He was very professional.   The parts came in very fast within 4 days.  I am very pleased with the company.
1	Horrible service! Will never use them again! Never called to give update and took forever to come back to fix it after the parts were there!
