4	I like Emjay's.  We've ordered from here several times and I must say that their pizza does not disappoint.Having grown up on Pizza Hut (which is also across the street) it's refreshing to have a pizza that isn't all dough.They have specials like pizza & wings or the pizza with salad and sodas.  It's typically $20 for a good sized pizza and what other special they're having.  Yes, the pizza is pretty greasy, but you don't eat pizza to be healthy so get over it... It's freakin' tasty.Another thing, the last time we ordered we had an "auntie" deliver the pizza.  (1) she blocked the door when our dog tried to run out of the apartment.  She is definitely ride or die.  And (2) we saw her when we went to the L&L down the street from us.  Things like that create that neighborhood feel that you don't usually get from bigger cities.As a true fattie, I can't wait until the next time my arteries feel like they can handle a pizza.
2	I ordered from here for the first time yesterday, and was not impressed.   I ordered a Large Pizza and a Greek Salad.   The menu was put on my door, and the prices looked reasonable, so I thought I would give it a shot.    It took about 50 minutes to get to my house, which is not a problem, but the pizza was luke-warm (at best) when it arrived and that was a problem.  Strike one.Maybe it was just the fact that the pizza wasn't hot, and it made me more picky, but it wasn't very good.  The pizza wasn't crispy at all and the sausage was terrible.   Strike two.The salad had Feta, Olives, and Cucumbers, but only the lettuce seemed fresh.  That was strike three for me.   I will stick by some of my other favorites around town (Rosati's, Metro, Sammy's)
4	The pizza here is delicious! One giant slice = 2 sclices with a drink for only $4.25... love it! I was completely blown away with this place as its a small business in the middle of a shopping center. Dont expect the greatest of quality like Papa Johns, but suprisingly its just like an old fashion New York Pizza, and cheap too. Oh  and another thing that hooked me was their cheesy bread, the dough was nice and soft and didn't get stale right away like most other places. PLUS, they are not stingy at all when you order a side of ranch or marinera sauce (3 to 4 oz) which most people would charge for or give you a small side.. I totally recommend eating here!  :)
4	We've ordered from here several times, the pizza is really good. We like the La Super Combo. Last night we had the crab and shrimp calzone, and it was delicious. We tried their buffalo wings the first time, and they weren't very good. That's probably the only thing keeping us from ordering more often, their appetizers are really limited.
5	I love this place. They hook up the toppings. The pizza is just plain good! If you are tired of Pizza Hut, Domino's and Metro Pizza, this is the place to be. It's the best pizza on the Southwest side. Plus the people who work there are very friendly and helpful.Make sure you get the managers special for 17.99 and their best pizza is the hawaiian.
2	I ordered from Emjay's online at 5:01pm and received my order at 6:09pm.  The driver was apologetic, which is more than what I can say about the person that answered my call when I asked about the status of my order.I wouldn't mind waiting 1+ hour for a pizza if it were good, but I can't say this was.  The pizza was ok.  The crust was forgettable, the toppings mehh..The caesar salad was ok.  Just a bed of lettuce, cheese and croutons.  The garlic bread was probably the best part, but still nothing to rave about.With so many mom and pop pizza places in the area, I wouldn't order from here again.
1	This was the most disgusting pizza I've ever had . The crust was pre made the chesses and the sauces tasted generic it was saggy I couldn't eat it . I threw it away it was so bad. I wouldn't even feed this to a homeless. The chicken wings were totally dry and overcooked and instead of the sauce it had pepper flakes . Complete dissapointment wish I can get my money back , it was the worse meal I've ever had NEVER again
