5	This particular Elements location in the Scottsdale Chaparral Plaza is like finding a calming, relaxing oasis here in the desert. I love the upscale-looking lobby where complimentary chocolates and lemon-infused water are available to enjoy before or after your massage appointment. Great extras there!I experienced a wonderfully soothing and healing 55-minute relaxation massage from Neny who added in some much-needed reflexology to my hands and feet. Neny was very good at getting the sore knots out of my neck and shoulders and she gave me the best scalp massage I've ever had.  I would highly recommend this Elements location and I look forward to going back on a regular basis.
4	Elements has several locations throughout Phoenix. I was visiting over Christmas, and my family highly recommended them.  I was in pain with restless legs, so was very happy that I was able to get in on short notice. They also offer special introductory rates for visitors, which they offered to extend if I wanted to book another treatment during my stay.  Overall, I was very happy with my massage and the therapist. She worked out all of the kinks and I enjoyed the rest of my holiday pain-free. I will definitely come back the next time I'm in Scottsdale.
5	Had a fantastic hot stone massage at Elements! Excellent therapist, I felt like he listened to me and had great technique. The spa is clean and very relaxing! Pricing is also very reasonable, two thumbs up for Elements!
5	Friendly staff, pleasant atmosphere and a superlative massage from Gabe.   Very highly recommended
1	So disappointed. The room was cold, the massage was erratic and had no flow. There were times when the pressure was fine- like in the very beginning when she asked- but then it was so light it was almost tickling! She seemed to want to focus on areas other than requested and seemed to need to use a stool to sit down a lot. It really felt like she wasn't into it so as awkward as it was- I asked her to stop. When I went to check out, I stood at the desk for over 5 minutes while 2 ladies behind the desk were on the phone. I was surprised by their lack of interest that the massage was substandard and they proceeded to charge me. I guess I'm grateful it was only the $30 for 30 minutes of massage but there was a sign in front of me that 'if your massage was unsatisfactory, let us know so we can make it right for you' That did not happen. I will not be back.
5	Thanks Neny! Very calming and relaxing atmosphere. I can't believe I have had 4 massages in 4 months, definitely a first for me.  I was hesitant to buy into the membership, but very glad I did. I am glad to be going on a regular basis. It has made all the difference in the world. Since I work on a computer all day, I found that this is important to be able to prevent the stiffness and discomfort that occurs over time. My neck and shoulder feel so much better. After 4 treatments my sciatica symptoms have disappeared. I would recommend this Elements location to everyone. Best thing I have done for myself.
5	I had an excellent massage. I found this place via Groupon, and after my first massage I found myself asking about the membership. The massage was just over 50 minutes (but was scheduled for 50). Not something you get often at places like Massage Envy or Hand and Stone (usually I'm wondering what happened to the rest of the massage I was supposed to get).And my massage therapist was very thorough - I cannot recommend this location enough. I live about 25 miles away but I'm planning on driving back this weekend for my second massage.
5	I was nursing a broken foot and in dire need of a massage after weeks of walking around in a boot.  I called up to make an appointment and find out cost, and was able to get scheduled that afternoon.  I decided I would get the massage done first before deciding if I wanted to become a monthly member, and was I blown away!  The therapist Tomas, was wonderful and was very sympathetic to my broken foot!  I told my husband about how great the massage was and how nice the staff was.  He scheduled for the next day and now we are both members.  I have been with them for 4 months and have never been disappointed! Great work Elements!
