4	It pleases me to be the first reviewer for this recently opened restaurant, especially as the restaurant is worthy of your business.Like some other Mexican restaurants we went to in "dicey" neighborhoods, we were the only white people to eat here and that's hardly surprising as most of the white people I've met will either only go to upscale Mexican restaurants or, more often, chain restaurants which hardly represent the best of Mexican food.  As the name of this restaurant suggests, seafood is their specialty here, but the menu is by no means limited to that.  Being new, the place has a fresh, clean and bright air about it:  the restaurant IS small, but the tables, floors and large amount of woodwork inside give it a welcoming and appealing air.  People seem to be very happy to be here.As for the food, as far as I'm concerned, the star of this place is the ceviche:  for $3.50, they serve you a tostada so weighed down with seafood, that lifting it to your mouth can only be compared to trying to do pushups with weights placed on your back.  Thankfully, the tostada is really crisp, because you otherwise wouldn't be able to lift it  ... that's how much seafood is on it!As for the rest of the food, while I saw people getting big portions of shrimp cocktail and the like, the fish dishes we had were OK as far as quantity was concerned.  Tasty, as well; but we've reviewed two other Mexican seafood restaurants to date, which you can find under our profile, and which beat this place hands down (with the exception of the ceviche).Service is quick; but interestingly, all the servers are women and all ... mmm ... well-endowed.  Whether this is a coincidence, I don't know; but it does give the feeling that you're dining at Hooters (my partner's view ... to me, it reminded me of some of the 'hotels' I ran into in eastern Poland, where the servers in their restaurants were "available" after hours for fun).Overall, if you live in the area, this is a very acceptable alternative to the myriad of restaurants in the West Valley, which claim to represent real Mexican food, but, interestingly, don't have fish dishes on their menu with the possible exception of a fish taco.  Don't hesitate to try this place:  it's not expensive, the portions are reasonable and, like I said, if you like ceviche, you can't do better than here.  Let's hope, with time, the realities and expenses of running a restaurant don't affect the serving size.
1	I really tried to like this place and gave it several chances. The food is good, however the management is terrible. They play incredibly loud music which makes it difficult to sit and talk with anyone or enjoy your food. The last 2 times they messed up our order. The very last time I called in ahead for a to go order and they didn't start cooking it until after I arrived. My experience with this place has been very disappointing.
1	terrible place! food is ok. service is fast. overpriced for what you get. music is too loud.  staff not empowered to do their job. Will not go back.
1	I walked in to a grossly warm room temperature for my comfort zone. The woman who own the place kept giving me dirty looks I'm a very attractive girl and I do not be appreciate being treated differently just because of my looks I'm a paying customer just like anyone else. The food is ok. I had shrimp chevihie. Was ok. The alcoholic drinks were great. I did not get carded
