2	I've driven by this place so many times and kept meaning to give it a try, so I finally stopped in last week.  The only two people in the place were the women who work there and they were chatting away when I entered.   I just wanted to get a quick eyebrow wax, but I was told the girl who does the waxing had already left for the day (it was only about 1pm at the time).  I asked if she'd be back tomorrow and they said yes, so I told them I'd be back at the same time the next day.  When I returned the next day the same two women were the only ones in the store and busy doing each others nails.  I asked about getting my eyebrows waxed and they told me the girl who does the waxing was not there.  I reminded them I had been in the day before and was told she would be there.  Finally the woman I had been talking to said she could wax my eyebrows if I gave her a few minutes so her wax kit could heat up.  Why couldn't she have heated up her wax when I was there the day before??  It took about 10 minutes for the wax to heat and she actually did a very good job on my eyebrows.  The cost was reasonable as well - only $10.  I just wish the service had been better, the two women acted like I (the customer) was interrupting there gossip time.  I might go back to try the $17 pedicure because let's face it - that's a good deal.  To be continued...
1	Worst pedicure ever.  Got it at 4:30 this afternoon.  Already have one chipped toe.  There is nail color on my skin on top of number of my toes...Vicky herself is very nice,but come on.  Also, price deceiving.  Chart shows $10 for "Classic"  which  I asked for. Callus removal was  charted at $5...in the end my bill was $22   What?!!!!!!!!!!  I even reminder her as she started doing a leg rub that I wanted the first listed pedicure.  I should have complained when bill time came, but it was late, I was tired and I didn't want to appear cheap.  My bad.
1	What a terrible experience.  I needed a manicure and pedicure so I decided to give this place a try.   I was the only customer.  The place was dirty, instruments were not sterilized.  I saw the woman cleaning out the pedicure tub with a dirty cloth and water. There was so much incense burning I got nauseated.  Someone was sleeping in the back and snoring loudly.  It was the worse manicure and pedicure.  It did not last two days.  Stay away from this place.
