5	One of the cheapest stations in Las Vegas. This station is due west of the Rio, Palms, and Gold Coast Casinos. Convenient since it's away from the strip, and relatively accessible from the Flamingo freeway offramp.They have different prices for cash or credit. The best value: pay cash, then get a bconnected.com players card from Gold Coast (or any of the Sam Boyd's casinos... California, Orleans, Fremont, etc...), and their current promo takes 5% off!!! So I originally was supposed to pay $3.43 per gallon, but by swiping my players cardbefore pumping, was paying $3.38. How awesome is that?! (The offer's good at any of the Rebel gas station chains, but this is the only one I got to try.)They have restroom access inside, though you have to give them your ID to get the key. There's a Blockbuster Express kiosk. There's also some gaming machines for those who can't help not gambling.
3	Is aiight. Good selection on snacks. The fresh donuts are the bomb. Price of gas is average. Blunts are fresh.
3	Sad that the B-Connected 5% off promo no longer works here. Well, it was good while it lasted. As such, it's not as cheap as ARCO, but still a pretty decent value when you need to fill up.
1	Rebel Gas was advertising at $3.69 on its Billborad but at the Gas Pump it was priced at $3.79  and seems like they were selling regular gas at their premium pump. Be aware of this take a alternate gas station .Misleading the consumer I can only give one star.
1	It really takes a lot to agitate me and yet the girl(s) at Rebel Oil #66 on the corner of Decatur and Flamingo managed to do just that.  I went in for gas.  The card reader at the pump was not working so I went in to pay for my gas.  There are two girls standing behind the counter talking ane one doing some type of inventory in front of the counter.  They ignore me for nearly 3 minutes.  Now you may be saying,,, "Come on, its only three minutes" but when you are the only one other than the three of them standing there it seems like an eternity.  No "Hello", "I will be right with you" Nothing.  They just kept talking to each other and refused to acknowledge me until I cleared my throat.  All I got was a look.  No greeting, no inquiry, no nothing she just gave me the "What do you want?" look.  So I ask for my gas, she rings it in and I walk back to my car.  No salutation,,,, nothing,  Just the look of irratation that I had interupted her morning coffee conversation with her coworker.  I am sure it was important and had something to do with cold fusion, world peace, molecular chemistry or something like that.  (Insert sarcasm here).  I get to the pump and low and behold.... nothing.  The pump wont turn on.  I go back in.  Still no inquiry what so ever so I say. "I am not getting anything on the pump".  She goes over to the register and a few seconds later spouts out  "Ok, go ahead".  Wow, she actually does speak.  Back to the pump.  Same problem.  I go back in.  I ask if they can just change my pump number.  She says "Did you hit the green button?"  (No, dumbass, you did not tell me I had to hit the freaking green button.) Since fairness is always in order this time I did not say anything I just turned around and walked back to the pump.  I finally get my gas and as I pull out the first thing in my mind is I am going to rip this joint on Yelp!  You would think that with the hundreds of gas stations around (a lot with cheaper gas), the people working in them would make at least a tiny effort to be polite and friendly.  I guess Rebel Oil #66 on Decatur and Flamingo does not think that is necessary.  Join my quest and get your gas somewhere else please.
2	Just stopped here once with a couple guys from work. Definitely not my part of town. My buddy went here for a quick diesel refill cause he said it was the cheapest near him.
3	Cheap gas but the location isn't close to anything and it had one of the most disgusting bathrooms ever known to mankind.
1	Stopped here just for gas. The pumps were filthy and in poor condition, as we're the parkinglots and surrounding area. This place is in need of some regular cleaning and maintenance.
3	Ive been going to this gas station for a long time. Ive lived in the area for over 15yrs. I dont use the restroom there so i cant comment on that point. I do know they always have decent sales on drinks in the cold box. I think i did notice is that, they rarely have ice coffee available. I do know the store manager and never had a serious issue with her. I could care less about some of the past and present employees. The gas isnt the cheapest and hasnt since ive been going there. Over all its an average gas station with average rate of snack food and drinks. Not a bad place to stop...fuel up and get a quick bite. McDonalds is right next door as well as Burger King and Taco Bell not to far away...Ill give the store 3 stars...average stop...nothing special!
3	Yelp's 365 Review Challenge 2014 #180 - 365I've been to this gas station a couple times because it was close to the Orleans and Rio, where I was staying. It's about 10 minutes close to the strip, less than a minute to the Palms, and 10 - 12 minutes to the Orleans. I shop mostly for drinks and snacks at Rebel instead at the Hotel because of the extortionate prices! Customer service has been friendly and had no issues with the clerks. What I also like is the carwash connected to the gas station, every time I stop here to get my car washed, it has turned out excellent. It would be nice if you can get a gas discount for purchasing a carwash, but no dice. The area at night is ass sketchy as hell; homeless people walk around the area and sketchy people. Also, the gas prices compared to California is very cheap because Nevada doesn't add a lot of taxes to their gasoline. I will come back for gas and carwash purchases, I understand the pumps are dirty as hell, but it gets the job done.
1	I purchased an E-cigarette from the rebel on Charleston and Jones. It was a defective product. The manager refused to exchange it so I called corporate and they also refused to do anything about it. they were also extremely rude. They said because it was a tobacco product. It's not a pack of cigarettes it's a E-CIGARETTE!!!!!! they sell defective products and refuse to do anything about it. I guess they don"t stand by their products, they just sell them and rip people off. That is a 10.00 item. I can't afford to throw money away for their crap they sell. I will contact  the BBB and whoever else I have to. Don't purchase E- Cigarettes from them, they don"t work and these people will not help you. It's not customer service, it's customer rip off
