4	There was a time when Baja Fresh was a sure bet for a 5-star rating from me -- and I know several other people who would agree.  Unfortunately, since it was bought out by Wendy's several years ago, the quality has deteriorated.  The upside is that now you can find Baja Fresh all over the country.  The downside is that it's only like it used to be about 1/3 of the time.Recommendations:  Baja burrito w/ steak, pronto guacamole, and salsa baja.
4	I've been to this restaurant in VA and now in NV.Great food and consistent quality.You can really taste the difference since they do not freeze or microwave their food.  Fresh upon your order and it shows!Check it out!
4	I love Baja Fresh. sadly I didnt know this till it was too late. I used to live in Vista, CA where there was one within walking distance to me and one day I was craving it hardcore and realized it was closed! NO!!!! and the closest one was like 45 min. away. So when I moved here to LV I realized... Game on! I love their mahi mahi tacos. blackened espec. ! I love ALL their salsas. . the only thing I wouldnt order again was their Chicken Tortilla Soup.um. . more like woudl you like some chicken with your BIG BOWL OF ONIONS? yuck. I've ordere this soup at many other places typically b/c this is one of the semi healthy things u can have @ a mexican rest. and i've never seen this many onions in soup b4.. not even ONION soup. . . So I'd never order that again but other than that.. everything I've ordered here is always so good. giving Rubio's a run for their $.
3	Back in the glory days of the Galleria Mall no restaurant chain was probably more frequented my me than Baja!  I loved Baja for their fresh ingredients and diverse menu items.  Had to relive some old childhood memories and make a trip to the old Baja next to the galleria and use some precious entree coupons haha.  The food was good and the price was right as usual @ Baja!
1	If I could give this place a negative rating I would. My wife, 4 year old daughter and myself stopped in for lunch expecting a nice lunch. Well, as we all know they play Latin music in their establishments. On this particular day they decided to play whatever they wanted. While eating I noticed that there were F-bombs ad S-bombs being played over the speakers. I asked for the manager to complain and he gave me some excuse that they have no control over the music. BULL SHIT!! I asked for the corporate number and gave them a call. Turns out they have assigned stations that are to be played.  I have no complaint about Baja itself, I do have an issue with this location. AND for the little sharpy eye brow wearing Mexican bitch. Who the hell are you to tell my wife that my daughter doesn't look like here? you might want to keep you papers near by just incase a few of my INS buddies decide to stop by for lunch.
3	it was my first time coming here... to be honest the only reason anyone should ever go to baja is if there isnt a rubios anywhere within a 5 mile radius, the tortillas here were too tough to cut through with a fork and knife.  menu is kind of weird and the service sucked, told her it was my first time and she couldn't recommend anything..the one saving grace is the salsa there, the baja salsa is so amazing, honestly im thinking of buying the burrito at rubios then going to baja for the salsa..
4	I like Baja Fresh!  I can't really attest to what others have said about other locations being better... I have only eaten at this one.  But I've been there about 10 times now and have had no real complaints.  I like the mango salsa.  Yum.
4	When in the area, and craving fast food Mexican, Baja Fresh offers pretty good food, for OK prices.I like that we can pay more for a large plastic cup, and get discounted refills for life, even though we always forget to bring the cups with us, as our Baja Fresh stops are generally last minute, unplanned stops.Sadly (for the others) Baja Fresh is better than a lot of the sit down Mexican restaurants we have tried in the same area lately. The food quality is very good, nice flavorful, well cooked menu, we will be back, as we're tired of being disappointed by waaaaayyyyy overpriced Mexican food elsewhere.
2	I would rate this place four stars on the burritos, but other factors make it necessary to give two stars.Remember back in the day when you got a heaping mound of chips with your burrito? Today I ot exactly 5 chips... No joke. And don't think of this place as a Mexican joint, it's not. This is an American style burrito place. With that said, I would appreciate it if they didn't blast the Ranchero music. I would venture to bet there was not one Spanish-speaking person in the restaurant outside of the staff. I have nothing against the language, but Ranchero is THE worst music ever. As usual, the burrito was good, but the company needs to seriously reconsider what they're doing.
1	This place was okay one thing I did notice the food was not fresh and I think I should've just made a sandwich other than that customer service was good I think the company is cutting back on their freshness
4	My family and I LOVE Baja Fresh! We went to this one for the first time, and it was the cleanest BF I've ever been to. The service was also excellent, the girl was smiling when she brought our food to our table. Yes, I didn't have to go get it. =-) We were very happy.The only thing I have to add though, is that we thought the salsa tasted much different than we were used to at other locations. Very different. The molcajete (sp?) tasted bland and not at all like what we were used to.
5	Baja fresh is always delicious. Best carnitas quesadillas ever. I don't understand the low ratings based on the food. The service maybe, but not the food.
5	Now you just can't go wrong with a burrito, freshly made, that's smothered withred chile sauce & melted Jack cheese or verde sauce & Cotija cheese with sour cream & freshly made pico de gallo. Mmmm mmmm!  that's what you get at Baja Fresh if you order any of their delicious burritos "enchilado" style.On my last visit, I ordered the Nacho Burrito . . . enchilado style. . . I wasn't disappointed.  Muy bueno!Couple that with their homemade salsa collection from their fabulous salsa bar, and your tastebuds will dance.Baja Fresh is my happy place. . . . I walk out of there satisfied and usually with half my burrito for dinner. Large portions, tasty fresh food . . . can't be beat!
3	I have loved Baja Fresh since the beginning....but something has tragically happened recently.  There is no consistency at this Baja.  The burritos are either really good or "so-so."  Their black bean salsa is so good that I could drink it.  But lately, it's been watered down with no real flavor.  I know there has been a lot of competition for good Mexican food in this area- but come one, Baja!  Don't go down without a fight!
1	I found an unwanted guest.Was it on the top of my mound of rice like a loud warning, keeping me from engaging in my mid-evening food fest? Nope. Was it on the side of my meal, preventing me from eating my much anticipated plate? No. No, my fair friends. It was at the very bottom of my bowl of pinto beans. Lurking like a handicapped king prawn. Flattened antennae sprawled across the bowl bottom like wanton wet hair strands. Yes, its languishing frame lay heavy against the white, brown-stained backdrop of my already devoured bowl. That cockroach didn't stand a chance. The weight of several savory legumes, piled up, packed on and sealed in, must have suffocated the bugger. I can only imagine how its death essence must have marinated in my entrails before I swiftly exited the dining room and retreated to the can. Upon submitting a formal complaint to the management, I did receive a refund. But sour insult was added to salty injury when I was offered coupons to the same establishment! This was a special kind of face-palmed fail. If you're thinking of taking a trip to this particular Baja Fresh, I would admonish you to reconsider. Save yourself the pain of upchucking your hard-earned money. Go to Chipotle instead. At least there you can see your gourmet goodness made in front of you.
3	Hungry after a morning walk and an afternoon of shopping, we needed food.It's been forever since I have eaten at a Baja Fresh...I think my age was still single digits.We had just beat the crowd, when I ordered two carnitas tacos (baja style) and a grilled fish taco. We ordered some chips.The chips, didn't taste very fresh to me. Kind of had a bite back to them. But, their green salsa, I would drink with a straw, so I just let the chips play in the pool....if you know what I mean.The carnitas tacos were amazing. Tender, juicy, just the enough amount of seasoning.The fish... I could have done without. Dry, almost tasted burnt. Flavorless.
1	This used to be a great place to grab lunch. I wish they would bring back the mango salsa. Went today and felt dirty being in the restaurant, there was so much dirt on the ac intakes and the ceiling tiles were stained from leaks and you could see where liquid had actually ran down the walls. The management here needs to put the cleaning gloves on and their glasses apparently. The food was not memorable and not worth the money.
3	This place is really good it's a chain restaurant but the food is always fresh I always get a taco salad or sometimes a burrito
1	Was good (although the prices were steep) until I saw the cockroach crawl across the dining room floor. I stomped it and lost my appetite. Wish I had read the reviews first. : (
