5	Talk about great customer service!  When we first walked into the Shane Co. on a mid-Saturday afternoon in February 2008, we were overwhelmed with all the customers in the store and feared that a sales person would not attend to us for at least a half hour.  Our minds were quickly put to ease within 5 minutes when a salesperson named Jamie came out ready to give us her undivided attention.  After about an hour (time flies when shopping for diamonds!!) of looking and trying on different engagement rings, many of which Jaime was able to collect based on my taste and style, my now-husband and I selected the perfect wedding ring set for me.  We then started the search for my husband's wedding band.  We found the perfect ring for my husband.  There was no other ring like it in the store.  Jaime had us put our hands together to see how our completed ring sets looked side-by-side.  I could tell she was overwhelmed with joy and emotion as to how great our rings looked together.We weren't without problems and this is why I rated Shane Co. 5 stars for their outstanding customer service:  About a week after our purchase, I had to go back because I realized my ring was too big.  This is when I first met Sonya.  She immediately handled my concerns with professionalism and kindness.  Three weeks went by after ordering my husband's wedding band and we got a telephone call that the wedding band we picked out for him was not available because they only made them in certain sizes.  You can't imagine how discouraged we were after hearing the news.  We shopped for days on-line looking for a ring to replace the one he picked out at Shane Co. and nothing came close.  We realized that we had to go back to Shane Co. and see what they could do to help us.   This is when we met Katra.  We explained to her the situation and she completely understood where we were coming from.  She tried to come up with different solutions.  We then came across the ring that we originally picked out.  She researched the situation and found out that the designer of the ring simply did not make the ring smaller than a size 10.  Katra didn't let this news stop her.  She immediately consulted with Edwin, Master Jeweler at Shane Co. to see if he could resize the ring down.  Edwin accepted the challenge and was willing to resize the ring so that we could get the ring my husband really wanted.  It was thru Katra's determination in ensuring our happiness with my husband's wedding band that really goes to show you that customer service does exist because of her exemplar "going above and beyond" attitude.  A week later, we went back to pick up my husband's wedding band.  Honestly, we can't tell where Edwin cut the ring to have it resized.  Edwin truly is a Master at his craft.  Jaime, Katra, Sonya and Edwin went above and beyond and made us feel special and important.  Because of their "can do" attitudes, we will be returning customers.
5	My husband and I just had our rings cleaned.  I also kinda lost a diamond on my wedding band.  NO PROBLEM FOR SHANE CO.  Part of their lifetime guarantee is replacing lost diamonds and cleaning.  We got our rings back a couple days later and they looked just the way they did the first day we bought them.  You know how much they charged us?  NOTHING!!  This is what you buy when you buy any Shane Co. jewelry.  Lifetime service and maintenance is included for zero dollars.
5	Shane Company may have boring radio ads but they really do make up for it with service, friendliness and selection of engagement and wedding rings. I picked out my fiance's ring from this store and knew it was the right ring when I saw it. I couldn't decide which ring to get because so many looked fantastic. The guy helping me, Ethan, was super attentive and made an effort to be patient with me and answer my novice questions about buying a ring. Shane Co. has free shipping on any order and free cleaning on any of their rings forever. They also replace lost diamonds and have a good trade-in policy if you want to upgrade.The only downside I encountered was when we shopped for my ring. The selection wasn't that great in the style I wanted. They only have two cases of men's rings. I guess we're much simpler to shop for. I ended up buying my ring from them but I felt like I needed to see more before buying it. I'm happy with my purchase though, mostly because they stand behind their products 100%.
5	Five Stars!I personally hate wearing jewelry. I also hate shopping. So the idea for me to pick out a wedding band sounded like absolute torture. Not so at Shane Co.!  This location has an excellent selection of wedding-related jewelry. Employees are friendly, available, helpful, and open to your budget and taste. You can pick EVERYTHING - the band, setting, rock or rocks... they will put the whole thing together for you, or if you're like me and kind of close your eyes and point and say "okay that one" the rep will stop you in your tracks and help you narrow down to the perfect selection. I think at one point she had 9 examples laying on the felt for me to choose from. The best part of all of this? It ended up costing a lot less than I expected. Like, $1k less. Nice!
5	This was a perfect process.  I have been shopping for about 4 months between the chains (Zales, Helzberg, etc) the shifted my attentions to visiting the Los Angeles Diamond District.  Ugh...it appeared I would save some money in the Diamond District, but once I bought there I was on my own.  Shane Co. got me a great stone for a very fair price (not a blazingly low price, but...).  With the ring comes peace of mind; they will clean it for life, repair it, replace it if damaged or even lost...for FREE!  Cant beat it.  Oh, and by the way Amanda and Eli were awesome.  Easy to work with, never pushed, had quite a bit of patience and made this work!
5	i couldn't have been more impressed and comforted. i have been shopping around for a while for an engagement ring. it's a huge hassle. plus, every woman that i work with has an enormous rock on their finger....how i don't know because i don't work in a very glamorous industry. anyway, after being a bit frazzled, i came to shane. i was instantly overwhelmed of course. so many diamonds and rings and....man. apparently it showed because a kind young man approached me and made small talk with me before introducing me to a salesperson. after a few minutes, i was at ease and comfortable. she was very patient, answered all of my questions and even brought up topics i had no idea i was getting into, stuff the other places didn't bring up. after several hours of coddling me, she offered a solution to my "trying to surprise my girlfrind" quandry and it sounded phenomenal. i left to think it over and returned today to make the purchase. picking the diamond was easy as pie. they showed me how to view it and pointed out the flaws  and then helped me pick one out that was within my budget while maintaining quality in the diamond. the process was very painless...not to my wallet of course, but overall, i didn't have sweats or even really second guess my purchase. the follow up quality sounds fantastic and i am so excited to do this...propose that is! shane co has excellent customer service and offers unbeatable peace of mind. thanks so much. we'll be back for sure.....
5	Just want to say off the bat that in no way am I affiliated with Shane Co or getting kickbacks from them. Just writing an honest review on my experience there recently.1) Overall/ Intro2) Sales reps3) Selection process4) Price negotiation5) Conclusion1) The staff was very comforting and professional. I've never been shopping for engagement rings before and the people there made it great. I knew exactly what I wanted going in, my girlfriend had sent me a bunch of creations off their website (which is an awesome resource) and I picked out the few that I liked.  It certainly helps to know the color differences (D, E, F, etc.), cuts (cushion, princess, emerald...) and clarity( VVSI, VSI, IF, etc.) before going in. That's just my personal preference. Whenever I'm buying something that's costing me twice as much as I paid for my car (which is a good ol reliable civic), I like to do my homework. But the staff is very knowledgeable about EVERYTHING jewelry. The big pluses of Shane Co for me personally include:-lifetime guarantee on products: pretty much fix anything you buy from them, for life. Except if it gets lost or stolen-60 day refund or exchange after purchase-6 month interest free loan to pay off whatever you buy. amount depends on cred score.2) These guys have to be trained on being low pressure. Because they let you browse around however long you want. And I must have been asked by 3 employees how I was going to propose to my gf.3) First we picked out a setting, then we went to stone. They run you through spiels about where diamonds come from, even bring out 3 mystery stone related to what you're looking for and let you guess the 4 C's. Kinda of fun. Let's you see what's important to you. After I picked out the stone, that was it. I made a down payment before leaving, got my cool IGI certificate for the diamond and then picked up the ring 2 days later.4)A big question I had before going in that I couldn't find the answer to on the internet was"Can you negotiate prices?" And the answer is YES. The Shane Co rep gave this away when she asked me after I first walked in "What out-the-door price were you looking at today?" After she wrote the amounts for the stone, setting, and tax on a little notepad I made an offer below the price. She walked away and got it cleared by her boss. I only bid about 5% off the price and was kind of wishing I had bid lower. But bottom line: Don't pay the tag price! 5) Overall, I'm pleased with my purchase and comforted by the fact that if something were to happen to the ring I can always take it into any Shane Co location and know it's getting quality repairs for FREE.
3	My husband bought my engagement ring here in May and we went back six months later (we live in West Phoenix and as you know, they are in North Scottsdale) because we were in the 'hood.  I had never been there before because I own exactly one nice piece of jewelry:  my engagement ring.  I am not a big fan of "bling."So, we wander in and I am looking at shiney things... We are approached by a gentleman who asks how he can help us.  I say I would like my ring cleaned and looked at.  (If you know anything about Shane you know Tom Shane goes on and on in his commercials about how you can come in "any time" and have it checked and cleaned).The guy asked us for my paperwork.  Uh, dude, I do not drive around with my ring paperwork in my Blazer.  We were in the area for the first time in forever, and likely will not return to the area for forever, so just look at my ring, please.He seemed seriously put off that he had to take my "possibly" non-Shane purchased ring to the back and clean it.  While he was gone I perused.  They have decent prices and he PROBABLY could have sold me some earrings or a simple band or a pendant.  Instead...He comes back and says, "You know, you can have this cleaned anywhere.  You only need to come back once a year to have it looked at."Well, buddy, you're right.  I *can* go anywhere to have it cleaned.  And next time, I will.  And perhaps THAT person will say, "Would you like to see anything while you are here?"  ... I give it three stars because my ring is gorgeous and it was a great price.  For future purchases, though, I will stick with other stores.
5	After going to just about every jewelry store in the valley (literally, like 16 places), this was the only place that listened to what I was saying. I, being a smart shopper and doing my research before actually walking into a store, I knew what I wanted in my engagement ring, cut, clarity, color and carat, you know? the 4Cs of Diamonds? Anywho, they listened to everything I wanted and found me the PERFECT RING, they never pressured me to upgrade the size of the carat and downgrade on another aspect (as every other store tried to do), to this day (1 year later) I still find my self looking at it and it makes me so happy because I know I FOUND THE PERFECT RING!!!
5	We went to Shane Co to start looking at engagement rings, Kristin was really helpful finding the PERFECT ring for me! She showed us many options and many different things I could like. I found the one I LOVE and Aaron helped us with the choosing of the diamond selection and he was awesome! My soon to be is not a jewelry person and he had fun learning about how to look at and learn about diamonds. Now we have found the absolute PERFECT ring for me!! Thank you Shane Co for all your help and all your wonderful people that seem more than friends than sales people!
1	Unfortunately I cannot honestly give Shane co a good review. My boyfriend bought my setting for my engagement ring here, everything was good, layaway went smooth, and picked it up....Now here comes the issue he found the diamond he wanted online, went to the store asked if they could order it in and no change in price. They told him it was no problem made sure it was available. They then proceeded to show him less quality and NOT GIA certified diamonds. Half hour after they try and convince him that diamond is not what he wants,and  about how you want inclusions so you can identify your diamond, he still wanted the one he found online. So they went to the back ordered it and he put a large payment on it until it arrived. Well no word comes of it being recieved, so at this point he calls and no one returns his call. Next day gets a call well that diamond must have accidentaly been sold... Basically it came down to they did not want to sell it at the price that is was online. (which was according to them alot less that it was supposed to be) So after trying and pushing him to buy something less quality for more we found somewhere else. Not only did we get a reasonable price they explained everything to us and did not treat us like nobodies.  Granted Derek called us back but why after being screwed over and tried being talked out of what we wanted would you go back??  I wouldnt.Try Crown Fine Jewlery, Chris and Rosalee are amazing, and communication is beyond words!
5	Shane was absolutely the right choice for our wedding rings.  My husband picked out my engagement ring on his own and found Shane to be reasonably priced, knowledgeable, and very personable.  My ring is gorgeous and unique in style.  We went back to get his ring and the salesperson was incredibly helpful.  We learned that the staff is not paid commission, which makes them less sales-y, and more accommodating.  The coverage and care on the rings are unbeatable and we're very happy with our purchases!
5	I have gone to Shane Co before to get wedding jewelry and when that jewelry needed to be exchanged they were more than helpful. They took my ring back and helped me pick what was best for me and my budget. They were patient and SO nice. I can't rave enough about how nice everyone is there. When it was time to do the exchange, the manager Derrick aka the "stand in" was so nice and he joked around with us and talked with us while our salesguy Aaron did the paperwork. I will always go back there for all my jewlery as it was affordable and the salespeople were super helpful and friendly. You can't beat that in a jewlery business. You can expect great things when going to Shane Co. They wont dissapoint you!
5	Shane Co. is amazing! My fiance had purchased a diamond which they placed in a temporary setting so he could surprise me with a ring. Since he wanted to make sure I loved the style,  I then got to go to the store and choose which setting I liked. This is the best of both worlds! To be able to be surprised, but get to choose a style that you love! Awesome. Not only is the selection at Shane beautiful, they have everything from traditional to contemporary ring styles, but the customer service is 5 stars. The woman that helped us was very patient, not pushy at all, did not try to steer me in a direction that I wasn't interested in, and I left with a gorgeous ring. I returned yesterday for a ring cleaning as our wedding is this weekend. I wasn't aware that a full cleaning with buffing/polishing took a few days and I hadn't allowed myself enough time. That's my fault, so I was all set to leave. The associate however was so accommodating and said "let me see what I can do, so it will be beautiful for your wedding.". He returned and said it could be done in 2hrs. I was so appreciative. They went a step above to provide such great service and my ring looks as clean, sparkly and polished as day 1.  Rarely does a business live up to the expectations set forth by the company, but Shane Co. seems to exceed them every time.
5	Joe was a great help, he knew what he was doing, and I found the perfect engagement ring!
5	I must say business with the Shane Company has been fantastic from start to finish, even with an issue with the ring.     We had moved from AZ to FL over a year ago which forces us to mail the ring to Georgia (closes store) if we need any assistance.    Both the GA and the AZ came together and made the issue right.   The Customer service level at both store is top notch.   I will definitely do business with the Shane Company again. Thank you! John M
5	Buying my engagement ring here was one of the best experiences I've had with the entire "wedding planning" thing.   No pressure, professional and extremely helpful sales associates and wonderful selection.
5	This store has a wide selection of jewellery at moderate prices. The stones and settings here are excellent. The staff are friendly and have a very good knowledge of their craft.Another good reason to go here is the lifetime cleaning and repair, have used this recently to polish up my wedding ring and it now looks like new again!
5	My fiance' bought my engagement ring here, and he said the experience was great. They didn't try to oversell him, but instead, found out what his budget was, and only showed him diamonds in that price range, of all qualities.  We both went in a few weeks ago to order our wedding bands, and the process was very painless.  They were able to grab a band that I loved from the back. Don't assume that what you see in front of you is all they have, the cases can only hold so much.  Just ask.  These guys do a great job to satisfy their customers, and they make it such an easy process.  Good work!
5	Oh Tom, you really are my friend in the diamond business. Possibly my best friend. My husband bought my engagement ring here and it is BEAUTIFUL. After he popped the question, he couldn't wait to tell me about his experience at Shane Co. He was helped by a woman who had a great deal of knowledge and took the time to show him different diamonds and educate him on what to look for. Compared to other jewelry stores, he felt absolutely no pressure and he loved the free lifetime warranty. Now that I have my ring, I too love the lifetime warranty. I get my ring cleaned every month and get it buffed and polished every 6 for absolutely free!! I sometimes compare my ring to other women who have bigger diamonds, and I can tell that mine is of better quality. We last minute decided to elope on 11/11/11 and won't get our wedding bands until the real wedding... but let me just say that I am SO excited to get my wedding band. I know it's going to be gorgeous! SO to all the men looking for the perfect ring, definitely check out Shane Co!
5	My fiancee and I had a truly great experience at this store when shopping for an engagement ring.We arrived at the store at 4 pm, knowing that they closed at 5 pm and only had an hour to look around. Collin attended us, showed us pretty much every item that they had in the store, and helped us pick the perfect ring for my fiancee. He never pressured us, and was extremely helpful and patient.I was impressed with the store's policy that they will not close until the last customer is out the door. We insisted that we did not want to impose, but they stayed open until 7 pm for us to finish picking a ring and a diamond my fiancee liked (they knew we were in town only for the day).The prices were competitive, and after having looked at other places, I can say that their variety of styles and quality are hard to match. When you throw in an included lifetime warranty, free ring re-sizing for life, and a no-fee diamond upgrade by only paying the difference in price (and need I say, a layaway program...), this was definitely an easy decision.I would like to point out that Collin was truly exceptional in helping us choose the right ring for my fiancee. Even after being in the store until 7 pm for us, his excitement for his work was contagious. He was very patient, knowledgeable, he took his time to show us the ins and outs of diamond characteristics, and presented our options without any pressure.
5	Shane Co. really impressed me with their level of customer service. Their level of honesty was top notch. They know picking the perfect diamond isn't a in and out kind of sale and spent a lot of time with me. I ended up looking at about 10 or so stones. I kind of wish their diamond selection had been a bit more or their website listed the inclusions with the diamonds you can search and pick (other online retailers do this). After some slight confusion I really felt Diane & Eli went above and beyond what any other B&M jeweler would have, especially since I had already paid. We will definitely be back for the wedding bands.
2	We spent three days visiting jewelry stores all over the Phoenix area  looking for an anniversary ring for my wife. We finally found what we wanted at the Shane Co. We ordered the ring and now we're waiting two months for it to be made. Since the ring was custom made we paid for it in advance. We then paid half of the cost of the diamond in advance to hold it for two months while they make the ring. We didn't realize that they considered our diamond to be on "layaway" until we received a letter saying they're going to put our diamond back in the store for sale (even though its half paid for). We spent considerable time on the phone arguing with different people that don't have a clue what they're doing. Its obvious that they don't care about the diamond ring. They can't answer any of our questions about the progress of the ring. They're just focused on getting a "layaway" payment for a ring that is mostly paid for. I finally got tired of arguing with them so I paid the rest of it off to avoid them harassing us again for another "layaway" payment or putting the diamond back up for sale. The young inexperienced kids they hire have ruined the jewelry buying experience for us. Since this ring purchase was for a wedding anniversary we expected it be a good positive experience. Instead it's been a very negative experience. We don't even know who our sales person was because they swapped us off to different people so many times during the buying process. Today we asked to talk to the manager and were told they don't have one working today. Instead of focusing on their jewelry and customer service they're focusing on harassing us for a little "layaway" payment. Someone should teach their staff that their supposed to be helping people celebrate life experiences with their fine jewelry. I hate dealing with the Shane Company kids. We got better customer service at the mall jewelry stores we looked at. When the Shane Company finally  completes our ring it better be good or they'll be refunding our money.
5	My husband surprised me with a beautiful wedding set from Shane when we got engaged. I guess I'm in the minority since I am the only girl in my circle of friends who DIDN'T choose her engagement ring, but my husband did a a great job finding something I still love today, with a little help from a sales associate ;) The thing I love most about this company is their friendliness and amazing free warranty plan. I can take my ring in whenever I want to get in inspected, cleaned, re-dipped, etc. It's a wonderful perk and definitely gives me peace of mind when it comes to the most important piece of jewelry I'll wear the rest of my life. I now own several pieces of jewelery from them and everything is beautiful.
5	My fiance took me here a couple times to look at rings so he could get an idea of what I liked before he proposed.  Even though they knew we were not going to buy on those days, they were extremely helpful letting me try on as many rings as I wanted and did not pressure us at all.  He hates shopping (like most guys), but said the final shopping trip and diamond selection was pretty painless (& its beautiful!). I had to get it re-seized, but it only took a couple days to do (I was anxious to get it back since I live out of town).  I rarely take the time to do reviews, but on such an important purchase, I want to let everyone know how happy we are with Shane Co.  I would highly recommend them.
5	I can't say enough great things about Shane Co and my experience there.  They were ZERO pressure, totally geek friendly and they spent more time teaching me how to be an expert, hand holding me through anything and everything I wanted to know than actually trying to sell me something.  Very good hearted people, lots of care and attention and lots of nice ladies getting emotional and teary when my now fiance's Mom and I came in to pick up the ring when it was all done.  Very good stuff.  She did say yes by the way!!!I have to say, I went to Jared about a year and a half ago.  I got a bad feeling in my stomach, they were very used car sales like, high pressure and they hounded me by phone for weeks after.The people at Shane Co honestly cared about educating me, teaching me how to be an informed consumer and they honestly cared about the story of my beautiful fiance and I.  Sonia and all of the others there during those two days are amazing beautiful caring people.  Second to all that, I even asked for a fairly large price off the setting and got very close to what I asked for  (near free) .  They're fair priced and flexible if you ask.  Very good stuff.The free stuff you get is also VERY awesome.  Their warranty is amazing.  If she ever breaks it or any of the stones fall out (including the main stone) they replace it for free.  Free sizings for life, free cleaning and touch ups if the white gold ever needs to be redipped... I mean just great stuff.I was really worried about going to a LARGER jewler like Shane, Jared or others... but I will always recommend them.  Thanks Shane CO!
5	Tracy, Aaron, and Edwin you are all fantastic and because of you I will definitely always be doing my jewelry shopping here! I love my amazing new rings!
4	I just recently found out that you must bring your paperwork with you every time you get your jewelry cleaned. After they clean it, they sign your paperwork to show that you've been getting your jewelry checked and have been taking care of it. If you don't have them sign it and a certain amount of time passes, you lose the warranty and can't get anything replaced if you lose something! I really wish someone would have told me or my husband. The first time I was asked for my paperwork was a couple months ago and I was finally given an explanation after I asked why they were suddenly asking for my paperwork. Womp womp... loss of one star for not telling me sooner :(
5	**HIGHLY RECOMMEND!** My boyfriend and I recently visited the Shane Company and absolutely fell in love.  My boyfriend was reluctant because all he could see were dollar signs, but soon after entering that subsided and we dove right into the bridal area of the store.  We were immediately greeted by an employee who took time to learn about our visit and our purpose for being there and he immediately began showing us around.  They take you through all cases, case by case, and allow you to have three rings out at a time, making the process of elimination very easy.  They also bring out the gem you desire within your price point to show you the full picture.  Upon choosing the setting, they bring out several gems in your price point and educate you about them, so you choose the right one for you.  If you happen to find your perfect ring, they have great payment methods including layaway, financing, or full cash.  The staff is super friendly and excited for you.  The ambiance is great, they don't miss a beat here.  Even showing you your ring under natural lighting, fluorescent, and LED to get the full picture.  LOVE THIS PLACE!
5	Great place. We went there for our engagement and wedding rings. I walked in and one of the salespeople began showing me super expensive rings that we could not afford. We politely said we would look around. I was about to leave, thinking they'd all be out of my price range. Then another lady (I wish I could remember her name) came and asked if we needed help. We mentioned we were looking for things in lower price ranges, and she immediately took us to the promise rings. They definitely are not on commission, as there's no pressure to buy anything. She took the time to show me everything and explain the differences between metals, cuts, etc. We ended up purchasing all the rings there that day. They also have unlimited resizing and cleaning, which is awesome. Highly recommend!
5	Excellent customer service, unique jewelry, gorgeous diamonds, and you get better jewelry for the price compared to other jewelry stores. I am always complimented on my wedding and engagement ring for how unique and gorgeous it is.
5	Now I have a friend in the diamond business!I walked in to buy an engagement ring for my girlfriend now fiancee :) . I was helped by a salesperson Amanda. After I had picked the design, Amanda helped me out a ton with the diamonds, explaining to me the 4 C's and asking me what I wanted rather than telling me her opinion. She also was very aware of my cost limits and never tried up-selling me on anything. She totally helped alleviate the nervousness I was feeling about buying my first (hopefully last) engagement ring. I even went back 2 more times to make sure the diamond and cut were exactly the way I wanted them. She was always patient and ready to help, showing me new diamonds to compare clarity vs. color etc.I really have no reference of which place to buy diamonds is the cheapest. But I know that the service I got from Shane Co. and the quality of my diamond and ring will keep me coming back for jewelry in the future.Thanks Shane Co. & Amanda!
5	Great place to do business with!  I purchased my engagement ring and then our wedding rings at this location.  It is a great place and you will not feel pressured.  Plus the people in the stores are very informative and letting you know that even by chance if you don't go with them... what to look for in other stores.I recommend them to everyone, friends family and strangers alike!
5	My husband and I highly recommend Shane co. We've gone through them before for our rings and found the quality exceptional, especially compared to other diamond stores. Not only was the price lower, but the rings seem to keep longer. We got our ring set from Shane Co and ordered a loose Canadian diamond  from a different source, only to find out that the diamond didn't fit our original set and it needed a new mount to be set to fit it. Even though we didn't purchase the diamond from them, they mounted it for free (in two days no less!) and  not only allowed us to keep the warranty on the original set, they warrantied the diamond for free. Even better was how beautiful it was when they were done. It was a much larger diamond and really didn't look like it would fit well in the ring and would look off. They assured me that not only would it look great, but they would place it down as far as possible. When I got it, it was BEAUTIFUL! It sits down as low as possible, is very secure, and absolutely beautiful. Did I mention it was beautiful?
5	My fiance and I had an amazing experience with Marianne at Shane Co. We went in to just look at rings in April, not sure if we'd feel pressured or intimidated. It was such a great experience. We were both nervous as it was, but we were helped by Marianne right when we walked in. We explained to her that we were just looking at settings so my boyfriend could surprise me later with something we both loved. She patiently took us through every case, letting me look at every setting I was interested in. At the end she let me see a diamond in our price range in the setting and of course I fell in love. She offered us an option of a deposit and/or gave us the info for another time. In August my boyfriend finally popped the question, but little to my knowlegde he was partnering with Marianne the whole time. She kept in contact with him through phone and email and helped him every step of the way. He said she was so great to work with. We both recommend Shane Co for it's amazing products and service!
5	Six and a half years ago my husband (then fiance) bought my engagement ring from Shane Company.  Three weeks ago, I lost it and was heart-broken.  Tonight we went back to Shane Company to look for a replacement ring and I was so pleased with the kindness and consideration that both Diane S and Kristine H showed us.  They worked hard to help us find a new ring and Kristine went over and above to help us find the right diamond within our price range! They also helped educate us in the differences between the diamonds that we looked at.I have to say that Shane Company's idea of customer service is exceptional! At no time did I feel pressured or pushed to go beyond our price range, something that you often feel in a commission/retail setting.  I will always recommend that friends go to Shane Company, if only because the people who work there are compassionate and understanding, and willing to go out of their way to help you!
5	We got my beautiful ring at Shane Co 5 years ago, the service was impeccable. Today I lost the diamond in my wedding ring! My heart sunk and I was brought to tears. Shane Co to the rescue! They are replacing my diamond. Their customer service is beyond superb.. Thank you Shane Co, I really do feel like I have a friend in the diamond business :)
5	My boyfriend and I went to Shane Co to look for an engagement ring after stopping at some other jewelers before hand and we were thoroughly impressed.  Immediately, the difference in customer service was noticeable.. every single employee there was personable but we were especially impressed by Colin. He was amazing! He was patient, helpful, and professional.. and it didn't hurt that somehow he and my boyfriend had a mutual connection to a small town in MN. There was no pressure and Colin was enthusiastic about educating us on the entire process. I recommend them to anyone who is looking for a no hassle experience and a quality product!
5	Went in last Thursday to find an anniversary gift, and Laura was just amazing!  No pressure just lots of information and help.  Left with a pair of earrings and will be back on or anniversary to pick out a stand of pearls.  Thanks Laura!!
5	After shopping around at multiple jewelry stores and feeling deceived and pressured at all of them my beautiful fiance and myself decided to give Shane Co a try. Best decision I can say we've made thus far! Upon walking in we were both blown away by the size of the store. The lack of bright lights in the store and throughout the cases was a plus, you could tell you weren't in lighting that would over hype the sparkle of any of the diamonds. I loved the fact the diamonds were loose, and there were more settings than we could have imagined to choose from in order to create the perfect ring. I would like to personally thank Collin for all of his help and patience, because of him my fiance is above and beyond satisfied with her engagement ring. He went through every hoop he could to help us find the exact right diamond, cut, color, clarity, and setting to make her happy as could be. He stayed within the 4 C's we wanted. High color, cut, clarity, and a fair sized carat. We ended up with a smaller carat than I thought we'd leave with, but because it was an ideal cut which is extremely rare it gave the diamond a larger look with a shine I didn't think was possible. Even he was taken back by it. He also helped me extremely with their financing options. We didn't feel pressured from the second we walked in the door, to the moment we left.  Even the manager congratulated us followed with a handshake and eye contact. Thanks again Collin, you really made our experience something we won't soon forget. Even if you don't actually buy anything from Shane Co, at least make it an option. The prices here are SO much better than the rip off price you will pay at a place like Zales, or any other large retailer.
5	Like many others, I shopped around extensively.  A friend recommended I try Shane Co and I'm glad I did.  Our sales professional Chris O guided us in a logical direction and sensed our price point without ever asking us.  We are very pleased with our selection and we saved hundreds below comparable rings at the typical chain stores.  His product knowledge was on point and he even gave us tips on her engagement ring that we purchased elsewhere.  When I picked up the ring, I was assisted by a gentleman who's name I dont know, however,  he did mention that he used to work in law enforcement, if that helps.  Anyway, another class act, very informative,  very professional and an outstanding choice to represent the company.
5	This palce is amazing! Even though I was not present during the ring shopping, I came back in 3 times to decide on how I wanted to have my ring sized. There are a few options if people didnt know, and each and every time I came to talk to someone, they were so very helpful. Even when the same guy helped me twice, he was sweet and taught me all my options. Also, no matter what decision I chose, if I wasnt happy, we could always do something else or return it to the way it was. Bottom line, I always felt comfortable, never out of place or annoying them by my several pop ins. Thanks you guys for making it such a good experience.!
5	I rolled in this afternoon after working construction all day. I was dirty, unshaven, messy hair, and defiantly  looked out of place. I don't mind about those things so much as it is what it is. Anyway, the store was packed. I thought I was out of my league. Within seconds Marianne R. came right up to me and introduced herself and asked what I was looking for. I told her a engagement ring for my girlfriend. She asked a few more questions about style and budget, and I swear she fricking nailed it first time, she found exactly what I was looking for. Rock On Marianne!! She asked when I wanted to pick it up (they have to set the diamond which could take a day or two), and I said 5 minutes. Buh Bammm! She rocked it! I was there for less than a hour!!! I got even more than I thought was possible, ie buyback program, selection, professional and courteous service.  Thank you Shane Co.
5	I love this place and the service!  No pressure sales really enhances the experience, whether you are engagement ring shopping or just browsing and everything in between.  I have been back many times to have some regular cleanings on my ring and the service is always top notch and really helpful even though I have no intention of buying when I go in, I always flirt with the idea since they are so nice and have such a great selection.
5	Had to add an update to this glorious place! The wife and I went in to pick out a wedding band for me a couple of weeks ago. It wasn't quite as intricate of a process as picking out her rings because we didn't want anything fancy for me. No diamonds or anything crazy like that, plus I'm already fairly familiar with the different types of available metal. I decided due to sizing, cleaning, and various other things I would stick with white gold or platinum. As usual the staff is incredible, knowledgeable, friendly, and very helpful. Within a half hour we picked out a ring for me and sent it out for sizing. Upon picking it up it was still a little loose, and I was aware the sizing bands aren't always true to fit due to the very flat shape they have. So we sent it back out to have it taken down another half a size, smooth easy process. The ring was ready within 72 hours.   Then I decided to chat with a clerk at the front on my way out about scratching, regular cleanings, ect. She then informed me if I decide I want to try a different style of brushing on my ring when I bring it in for cleaning there are multiple styles I can try, and they are all free with my included warranty. We will be back to get my lady some pearls, and whatever other jewelry needs we have in the future. You've made a life long customer of us Mr. Shane & associates.
5	My boyfriend (fiance now!) and I visited Shane Co. when we first started our "ring hunt".  The place came highly recommended by several of my coworkers, and they couldn't have been more right!  Despite the fact that we were in old jeans and t-shirts (we had spent the morning cleaning and taking our dog to the park) we were treated with the same respect and courtesy as if we were wearing designer clothing.  When we shared that we were on a moderate budget with our shopping, the amazing staff still continued to be friendly, helpful and attentive, never once writing us off or being blinded by dollar signs.  For the center stone, we chose to reset a diamond that both my mother and grandmother had worn in their rings.  Marianne was so complimentary of the stone, and took the time to clean it before we started the process so we could simply appreciate its beauty.  Even though the rings were thousands of dollars, there was never any hesitancy by the staff to simply hand them over and let me try them all on.  They never hovered or rushed us, but instead took the time to patiently guide us through this important decision.  The entire staff has a unique way of making you feel like the rings you are choosing are great choices, while not seeming fake or as though they are just trying to get you to buy something.  It truly is the most relaxed, yet professional environment, which is such a great way to start what is traditionally a stressful process.  I am so incredibly pleased with our entire experience and cannot recommend this wonderful store enough!
5	Had a great shopping experience. Service was five star. Marianne, Amanda, Edwin, and Joe were wonderful. Thanks ShaneCo !
5	We have been married almost two years, and we purchased rings from Shane Co.   We fell in love with the place!  But, the unthinkable happened when the diamond fell out of my ring!!!!!!  We were devastated and were not certain Shane Co would accept responsibility due to the circumstances.  The ring appeared damaged, and the prongs were bent.  We could not pinpoint what caused the damage or how the diamond broke free.  Shane Co did not seem to care as to how it happened, but how they could fix it.  The manager, Kristine, brought to our attention that the prongs were not the best fit for our emerald diamond.  We were surprised at this oversight, but felt very assured by Kristine's willingness to take care of us.  We would have never known that the prongs were wrong had it not been for their honesty and incredible customer service.  In the end, we were able to choose a new diamond and get an upgrade at no charge!  We feel Kristine and Shane Co went above and beyond our expectations.  We are customers for life!  We will recommend them to anybody!
5	DALLAS! Oh, dallas. He's phenomenal. Ever since I was a little girl learning english, I knew the Shane Co. commercials. On the classical station, then the oldies station, then 103.9 (back when it rocked), then 1047. Now on pandora. They followed me through all the years, and I never knew they were such a big company. They feel small, locally owned, and are totally on top of their game.Speaking of awesome, Dallas is a pro. He called me, checked in, didn't fluster when I said the budget (also modest) and helped us through the whole thing. The experience, from start to finish, was worth telling all my friends about. I love shane co, I love them so much. Dallas too. Give that guy a raise.
1	Seriously? What a disappointment. From all the commercials and advertisements I would have expected to walk into a luxury establishment with extremely knowledgeable and helpful.After we walked into the store with carpet and ugly display cases, the place was flooded with kids, and even a dog. It was worse than Kay jewelers. The entire time the salesperson was trying to qualify us, asking where we worked, and showing us cheap Pre-made checklists as to what was included with Shane vs. what other jewelers had.The gentleman then took out a diamond and a cheap plastic handheld microscope that was plastic and had the "Shane company" emblem on the side.Nowhere on the floor was a real microscope to actually look at the diamond.The entire time all the salesperson did was speak of the layaway and payment programs they offered. I'm paying cash for a ring, not financing it and didn't need to constantly hear about the "options" that I had.Oh, and about the "largest selection"... What a joke. Everything was "available" on their website and would have to be shipped in. They only had 5 styles that my girlfriend actually liked.Save your time, skip this cheap, corny, non-luxury box store that just advertises 100x better than all the other ones.
5	Eric got my engagement ring from here and I could have never asked for a more beautiful ring!! I love it to death! It is absolutely perfect with such high quality diamonds. The princess cut looks so classy and i love how it contrasts with the round diamonds that surround the band. We came here to resize my ring and look at possible wedding bands. I wanted to buy his band myself, so the staff was on a mission to find the style I he was looking for. I decided to go with another source for our bands but Shane Co was very friendly and helpful with any service or product I was interested in. They resized it for free and gave my ring a deep clean when I picked it up a few days later.
5	I was very happy with my sales person and my purchase. They were not high pressure  and the ring and diamond I purchased were a higher quality and better price than other places I had been. It doesnt stop there either, the  warranty plan we recieved was FREE and does not require us to bring the ring in at scheduled intervals to keep the warranty valid (Other stores charged for warranty plans and required the item be brought in every 6 months for a cleaning and checkup to keep the warranty valid) . After about 2 years my wife noticed one of the smaller stones had fallen out so I took the ring back and they replaced the stone no questions asked. Also we can take it back at anytime for a cleaning. I would highly recommend anyone to at least visit Shane Co. when they are looking for any jewlery item.
1	Mmmmmk so I went to Shane Co Staff are stuck up and to busy to help you. Will I go back nope no noppie.
1	I didn't like very much how they would balance the diamond on your potential setting. Not really seeing how the ring would actually look. I left a deposit on a ring decided I would go else where. I left 500$ cash with Matt at Shane co. He promised I wouldn't have much effort getting it back if I changed my mind. I'm on 3 emails to him and no money yet. So I guess their only nice if you buy the ring. Please Shane co!!! Send me MY money back !
1	Meh... Went in on a Tuesday morning at 10:30 to get my ring repaired.  Walked around for a while. All the sales reps were busy. I'm fine with waiting, but common customer service is to at least acknowledge you see a customer with, "we'll be right with you.".
5	I love Shane Co! This is the only place I will every purchase jewelry! They are all so nice and helpful!
5	Buying an engagement ring can be stressful but Moriah made the whole experience amazing and enjoyable. I will recommend her and the Shane Co to everyone. Thanks girl! It was a surprise and perfect all in all!
5	If you live in the valley you have heard the Shane Co. Commercials a billion times. This place was So. Much. Fun! Walked in today to have some jewelry identified and ended up having a blast. They didn't make a penny from me, but Brandi's disposition and personality made this the next place I go to spend my pennies. Long story short.... Worth a first, second and third look.
5	The best jewelry store around. We love the Shane Co. We will not buy jewelry from anywhere else now. They offer the best customer service...NO pressure shopping at all...just a lot of helpful information in a pleasant shopping environment. It started with my engagement ring and went to our wedding rings, anniversary band, earrings and necklaces. We recently moved from AZ and Shane Co is one of the few things we miss.
5	I don't think I will ever shop for jewelry anywhere else. Bought many pieces here and frequent this store to get my wedding ring cleaned.  Love the selection of jewelry and friendly staff that are highly knowledgeable of precious stones and fine jewelry.  Took my youngest brother here for his wedding set and my older brother for his engagement ring to his wonderful wife. I will say that they are impressive in providing quality. My husband to his father here; he is an amateur lapidary hobbyist; and he bought his wife a new set of wedding rings. I've bought gifts and personal sets here and highly recommend Shane Co.
5	A few years ago I bought my wife's ring here. I must have spent hours looking at different diamonds, never did my jeweler lose patience with me or her excitement in her job. I take the rings in every 6 months for examination and cleaning. I am always promptly greeted, even when they are packed, and they have always resolved our issues and stood behind their warranty. I would ignore the 1 star reviews, IMO these people seem stuck up with other worldly expectations, they seem to be poor communicators, or just love to project their own negativity. (Don't be a pretentious snob, and if you have an issue communicate it, if you don't like the response, communicate that to a manager.) DUH!Go ahead and go to a few different jewelers before or after Shane Co., I'm pretty sure you'll find they are the best to work with and the only company that offers a truly free lifetime warranty. (I have no affiliation with Shane Co., other than being a very pleased and lifetime customer).
5	my fiancee got my engagement ring here and we both bought our wedding bands as well.  Their customer service is well above any other jewelry store we had been to.  We went browsing for my engagement ring at the end of 2012 and so many jewelry stores do not listen to you when you discuss your budget and that infuriates me.  Everyone we talked to at Shane Co kept our budget in mind, listened to all questions, explained everything in detail, without ever making us feel rushed.  Their service center is fantastic as well - I have had to get my engagement ring resized twice and my wedding band once and everything is always done on time.  They also clean your ring whenever you come in :) Always a nice perk! It's no wonder they won Arizona Weddings best jeweler in 2013 and The Knot Best Of Weddings 2013.
5	I cant image this place getting less than a 5 star review if you value good quality, stellar customer service and standing behind your warranty. My husband bought me a beautiful Tahitian Black Pearl ring for engagement from Shane Co. (what I was longing for). Fast forward seven months - I was shopping yesterday and hit the shopping cart just right on the side with my ring while placing items in. The pearl popped out and bounced a few times (all i heard was tink tink tink) and rolled away out of sight in the meat department not to be found! The store staff and I looked high and low for 30 minutes and couldn't find it. I was devastated!!!We went to Shane Co today and Brandi Cutler helped us. I brought the setting without the pearl, our warranty, the box it came in, etc...I was so pleasantly surprised when Brandi said that it wasn't a problem. They would honor the warranty and replace the ring free of charge!  She made the paperwork painless and was so apologetic for what had happened and any inconvenience it had caused us! I will get my new ring in a week as it needed sizing. That's fine - I'm so excited to get my ring back and that Shane Co stands by their product and service.I also love that Shane Co does not pay their salespeople commission. They are salaried. No pressure or trying to up sell you for their commission!!!! IMO this makes them give superior customer service as they just want "brownie points" from customers for giving stellar customer service. (Like the word of mouth reviews here) I hope Tom Shane reads this and gives Brandi something special for making this woman so happy by making things right!You have customers for life Shane Co!!!
3	Visited for the first time during a YEE (Yelp Elite event).  Bright and clean, and friendly service eager to show us what Shane Co. can offer.  Had I known that free jewelry cleaning is standard during a visit, I would've brought some with me!  Since I had to work past the event's start time, I swung by as quickly as I could, but I did miss a lot of useful information during the 4-C clinics (cut, color, carat, and clarity), so I'm looking forward to getting more info on my next visits (if only just to fawn over the exquisite ruby and diamond tennis bracelet I tried on-it's perfect!).
5	Me and my boyfriend went to Shane Co last night to just to check out some rings that we picked out online, We met with Brandi. She was so wonderful. I showed her the ring that I had chosen online and brought it to an some others as well. I completely fell in love with my ring. She then proceeded to show us some diamonds and explained everything about them an  put one of my favorite diamonds in the ring that I choose and I fell more i love with it. I recommend Shane Co to everyone that plans on getting married. It was the best experience I have ever had at a jewerly store
5	My (now) husband bought me a beautiful necklace from Shane when we were dating. He purchased my engagement ring there, and I went back to get my wedding ring from them as well. He also purchased earrings, a bracelet and a necklace for me to wear on our  wedding day. My husband had raved and raved about how wonderful Shane Co. had been throughout all these purchases. I have not been there a few times and can say I completely agree!All the salespeople are genuinely nice people who actually appear to enjoy their jobs. They do not work on commission so you wont get the pressure you get at many other jewelry stores. They have beautiful merchandise and are always willing to work with you to solve any problems and to find exactly what you are looking for.I would recommend Shane Co. to anyone looking to purchase jewelry and have a great experience. I plan on going back for any future purchases.
5	We have purchased jewelry at Shane Co approximately 5 times over the years. Every experience has been positive. Today was exceptional. We went in to look at upgrading my wife's wedding set. Our sales associate, Liz, listened carefully to what direction we wanted to go. She showed us diamonds and settings that we requested and went out of the box to show us similar styles that we hadn't considered. We ended up falling in love with a set that we normally wouldn't have looked at. She was very patient and completely honest. We'll definitely come see her again!
5	Where to begin? Like many people out there, I was looking for the perfect engagement ring for my fiance. I went to many of the jewelry stores inside the local mall. The different sales people that I interacted with we're all very polite and helpful but I honestly felt like after I explain to them what I was looking for they picked it up and ran with the best way to pad their commission check. I understand a lot of jewelry stores pay their employees on commission, so I don't fault them for that. I do however fault them for the broken promises of not calling me back when tbey said they would. I just felt very uneasy every time I left one of the stores and I was very happy that I did not go through and make the purchase with one of the other companies before I went to Shane Co. I knew what my fiance was looking for in style and color. I checked out the  Shane Co website, and yes I found her perfect ring! YAY ME!!!  I went into the Scottsdale location with just a downloaded picture from the website and a item number. The first sales rep that I dealt with had told me that the ring was not available at that location but that he would have it shipped in by the end of the week. Sure enough I had a phone call within 3 or 4 business days as I was promised that the  ring was in the store. You know what they say in that song " life is what happens when you are busy making other plans". Life happened I never forgot about that ring.  It  honestly had been about two and a half months since I made it back to the store. I went in there on Monday April 21, 2014  and the sales lady Laura had told me that the ring may have just been shipped out. I was fully prepared to start all over again trying to find the "next" one perfect ring for my fiance. She had told me she may have  thought it was still in the back room. She returned about 5 mins later with the ring in her hand. She then asked the standard questions, what kind of center diamond what I like? What  is the price range that I was willing to spend that kind of thing. I had told her that I wanted to spend $3,000-$4,000 max. She then showed me the type of center stone that I was looking for, and a size that was well within my budget. after about a half hour, which went by incredibly fast, I had my fiance's perfect ring all ordered and ready to go. I have to recommend anybody who may be looking for that one perfect ring for their fiance, or any type of jewelry to put Shane Co.  at the top of the list. The way I was treated made me feel like I was somebody special when in reality I am not. I had just gone into the store after running some errands, and I fully did not plan on going into any type of jewelry store. I was wearing sandals cargo shorts a t-shirt in an old ratty sun bleached Sun Devil hat. They didn't treat me any differently then if I had gone into the store where in a brand new Armani suit. I cannot say enough great things about my entire experience from start to finish with every single person that works at the Scottsdale Shane CoGuys do yourself a huge favor, and as you search the internet, much like I did, looking for that perfect engagement ring/ wedding set,  when it comes time to actually go into a store, make sure your first stop is your local Shane Co. I can not promise you will find that one perfect ring, but at least give them a shot. I will be going back for many years to come.  If I could I would rate Shane Co higher then five stars. Yelp, you need to see about changing that. I will so give it the highest rating possible Addition To My Review:I keep odd hours, and my schedule and traditional business hours rarely mesh. I had some follow up questions so I went to the Shaneco.com site. I left a message in the general voice mail box. As before, I had a very prompt return call the very next day. For better or worse, my call came across the desk of a VERY HELPFUL employee named Angela.  Through a series of phone tag and voice messages, she answered every single question. She is another fine example of the extremely high caliber of employees that Shane Co. have on staff. Just like earlier in my review, anyone who is out there looking for some great quality jewelry, and very reasonable prices, head into your local Shane Co. location, and at the very least, see what they can do to help with whatever you are looking for. Hopefully you will not be disappointed, I can honesty say that I am not. They genuinely have a very loyal customer for life.  Good luck to you in your searches for that perfect piece of jewelry.
5	Just purchased my wedding bands from here. Taha was knowledgable and easy to talk to. He did a great job finding us exactly what we wanted. Overall very happy with Shane Co. Excited to come back! Thank you!
5	Nice folks. Retailers are always (almost) nice when you are buying something. I was returning a Mother's Day gift that wasn't loved as much as I would have liked and they were just as nice when I returned it as I when I bought it. Good selection.  Seems like good value relative to other jewelers around.  Will return next time I'm giving jewelry as a gift.
5	I will never go anywhere else for my jewelry/diamond needs!My husband purchased my engagement ring from Shane Co. more than 2 years ago. He was extremely impressed with their knowledge and value (trust me I know how hard it is to impress this man).  We returned later in the year to pick out a band that would match my engagement ring.  We found a few we liked but none of them matched my existing engagement ring the way we wanted. Shane Co. actually took a wedding band and modified it to meet our needs. Once the ring was modified it was PERFECT! After our wedding we had a few days before leaving on our honeymoon. I took my engagement ring and wedding band in to be soldered. Once again I wanted to modify my band slightly so it would sit flush with my engagement right once it was soldered. After 3 days I picked up my ring. WOW! is an understatement!  I receive compliments all the time on how beautiful my ring is and I tell everyone I know who is looking at jewelry or thinking of proposing to go to Shane. Even after having my ring for a few years now the warranty and customer service is flawless (just like their diamonds!).  I take it in to be cleaned and inspected every 6 months and it is always returned to me looking brand new.
5	Great jewlery place employess are very friendly and helpfull.  Employee spent almost 2 hours showing and helping me find the perfect diamond for the ring.  When i picked the ring up few days later it looked amazing.  They have great customer service and i will never shop or go anywhere else as long as i live in this state.
5	We had a great experience purchasing a ring. Even though we did not purchase our diamond from Shane Co, they treated us really well and found a perfect setting for us. You might not get a rock bottom deal here but you will get what you pay for which is just as awesome. They're rings are unique and classic you won't find cases full of flash in the pan ring designs. We are so happy!! Thank you!!
5	I had the best experience at the Shane Co this evening! As a matter of fact, I'm yelping this from the store! My husband and I walked in about 30 minutes before the store was due to close, not something we generally do, but we were planning finding out what size ring he was and leaving. We have been married for about 8 months, but unfortunately his ring was too big. Because the ring was not a precious metal, it was unable to be re-sized. We were planning on beginning the search for a new ring as we figured the existing ring was a loss. Marianne Rosenblatt was such a sweetheart. She completely went above beyond our expectations, immediately found even better alternatives, and then offered to trade our original used ring straight across for a new one. Customer service like this is so rare these days and we were absolutely blown away at how Marianne was able to assess our goal and completely solve our problem within minutes. Not only did my husband leave feeling like a million bucks but he commented how he can't wait to do business with Marianne and the Shane Company in the future.Thanks again to Marianne and the Shane Company for being such an amazing example of true, caring, customer focus. We are so happy with our experience and can't thank you enough.I feel completely confident in recommending the Shane Company and Marrianne for anyone in the market for jewelry. They stand behind their word and exceed all expectations. Many thanks once again.
5	My boyfriend and I went in just to look at possible rings. William helped us choose a wonderful ring that we both loved. Thank you William.
5	I had a great experience with Shane Co!!! They had exactly what I was looking for. Their staff is great, very friendly and knowledgeable.
5	Beautiful jewelry. No high pressure sales people. They don't barter, the price is the price. The ring was ready when they said it would be. Life time warranty on sizing, cleaning, repairs, etc. Couldn't be happier.
5	The best experience and customer service. From the beginning to the end. Dustin was super patient and very helpful and honest about everything... I had a vision in my head and  he helped me make the vision reality. My fiance did such a fantastic job ;)
5	The staff is always extremely courteous and helpful. They truly want you to understand what you're purchasing and to feel comfortable with your purchase. The lifetime warranty, cleaning and sizing of your jewelry is just another great perk! I won't shop another jewelry store after the service and quality I received from Shane Co. The best!
4	Finally we made it out there to the infamous Shane Co. Hubby wanted to treat me with something nice and we decided to check this place out. The lady who helped us was very friendly and professional. She listened to what we wanted and left to look in the back for more options. Meanwhile we walked around looked at some awesome jewelry. She then came out with a selection of items she thought we would like. We ended up picking one of those and I'm super happy with that purchase.They have a separate area for payment and service. When we got there the lines were very long but luckily it didnt take too long to get to a register. We loved that they offer a lifetime warranty and an appraisal on all their jewelry.
5	Truly a comfortable experience: from browsing, shopping, sizing, or cleaning.My husband and I browsed Shane Co. About 6 years ago before getting engaged and katra took the time to show us several diamonds in our price range.  She helped us determine if size or quality would be our main goals, what style setting or diamond we were interested in, and helped us feel educated and informed.When my husband went back to choose the final ring he went all out and slightly above where we had initially discussed.  He felt if was a great investment and would withstand time beautifully.Even buying his ring- when he says "what's the cheapest one?" The gentleman helping us treated us with care and patience... Which paid off once it was time for me to choose my 2.25 carat total weight wedding band with round prong set diamonds. Since we've been married my hunny has relied on them for many more amazing outstanding gifts.  His choices are consistently timeless, elegant, and stunning. My Shane co collection is comprised of my favorite pieces representing milestones.  We intend to stay with Shane Co as our jeweler for life.Also in getting regular cleanings on my ring set, the staff is helpful, prompt, and friendly.  They have coffee & umbrellas to take if you need- classy.
5	I bought my wife's engagement ring here about a year ago. Designed it with the onsite jewelers and felt very happy the entire time. I picked the ring up and there was a huge mistake. No big deal, they said it will be fixed. The problem was that I needed it that day for a trip I wS taking and planned proposing. Again, no problem. We will get it done. They did, and ever since that point have offered great device. Bought our wedding rings here as well. I recommend this place to many people and nobody has been disappointed.
5	Always great customer service and quality!  My husband and I purchased our engagement/wedding rings here and definitely a great price for a great product.  The diamond quality is perfect and their colorless diamonds are truly colorless!
5	Great service and a knowledgable staff. Always treated extremely well. Highly recommend Shane Co. for your jewelry purchases.
5	Marilyn Monroe sang, "Diamonds Are a Girl's Best Friend." while floating magically up and down stairs. I thought of her today while visiting Shane Co. in Scottsdale. With the holidays almost here a peek was necessary. Walking in I felt a tiny bit like Marilyn. Special. And I was wearing pink lipstick.* The warmest voice greeted me and treated me like royalty. There to peruse items with perhaps less bling then Marilyn I was surprised by the variety of options. Financing is available (thru Wells Fargo) and layaway (!) for up to one year. Mr. Shane will hold special items for up to one year, no restocking fee, no interest, fully refundable, provided payments are in good standing.Useful information. (There is no excuse not to buy a nice engagement ring.)But *not* why I was there.After lingering over engravable necklaces I passed the Service Department. All work is done in the open. (Technically, behind high security plastic/glass. But you can see!) The space is nicely designed with a designated viewing area that has direct sunlight. Purchases at Shane Co. are worry free. Should [gasp] a stone fall out from normal wear and tear the store stands behind the sale. Any engraving work has the same promise. Should letters/numbers buff or polish off Mr. Shane will replace the item free.Useful information.Items are not mass produced. A purchase from this store is current on style. You aren't likely to run into someone else with the same item.Useful Information.There is a 60 day return policy. Yup. The store is high on sharing education. I'm not in the market for a diamond. But the staff was eager to share the characteristics of a diamond.  (And Rubies. And Sapphires. And Pearls!)Just for fun - and channeling Marilyn - I asked to try on jaw dropping diamonds. My wrist will never be the same. It has felt the weight of a 10 ct. 20K tennis bracelet. (My heart was already a puddle from one hundred and sixty-nine graduated diamonds around my neck. By all means, I'd like it very much. On my wish list for a mere $16,750. Free shipping!)Thanks Chris P! I very much enjoyed shopping with you!*Marilyn wears a pink dress while singing that song.  YouTube it!
