4	Sushic is a quick service sushi chain, mainly located in college student unions all over the place but also operates in grocery stores and is based in Houston.  Today, Sushic opened at the UNLV student union - a highly anticipated replacement for 2 failed spots in the past 5ish years between Taco Bell and Panda Express.Now, the food may just be A-OK compared to sushi restaurants off campus, but the fact that it is convenient, cheap, and healthy makes it a great alternative to all of the other places in the nearby area.  There is a case of rolls being made in the on-site kitchen in front of customers and then placed out for sale.  When I arrived at noon, rolls were constantly being assembled and placed past the case onto the counter before the cashier for additional options.A menu board on the back wall, which is hard to see when joining the line in front of the case, allowed for other items to be ordered and made to order.  I initially ordered a spicy salmon roll, but it turns out they had no salmon today.  I then ordered a spicy tuna roll (not too bad at $5.49 for 9 pieces) and noticed by the cash register there were hot items for sale not on the new menu.  These included bimibap (with fried egg), udon with kamaboko, and teriyaki chicken on rice with vegetables and salad.I ordered a bimibap and received the bowl with a side of gojuchang.  A few minutes of waiting and I got my spicy tuna roll which was inside out and luckily, it had no mayo: tuna, shichimi, and avocado on the inside wrapped with nori, rice on the outside with shichimi togarashi sprinkled on top.  This is nice and simple, considering many rolls in the case had goopy mayo sauces on them.The bimibap for $7.99 was not too bad for something at the student union either: rice, cucumber, yellow bell pepper, shiitake mushrooms, daikon, lettuce, beef, and fried egg with plenty of gojuchang on the side.  Overall, there are some kinks to work out but Sushic is off to a good start and hopefully will stick around in this trying location on campus.
5	I am so happy that Sushic opened at the Student Union! I have been looking for healthier alternatives on campus, especially something I can eat quickly on the go between classes. I went to Sushic without high expectations but it was way beyond my expectations. I ordered chicken teriyaki and it was grilled on the spot to perfection! The meat was juicy, tender, and flavorful and it comes with a good amount of rice and two sides. The cashier who took my order was friendly and courteous as well and I really appreciated that!!I will be coming back to try the sushi rolls and udon! If you are a UNLV student, make sure to check this place out!
2	Decided to give this place a try, since all of the places had lines at the SU.Had the spicy salmon roll, not impressed at all. For a "fresh" selection/roll, it sure wasn't. The avocado in the roll was HARD and chunky-ish to bite. The salmon looked like it went through the meat grinder and was "mushy". And for 6$, you're better off walking over to Panda and wait a tad longer, or Yama which is close by. Cashier guy didn't even bother to greet me either. Giving this place two stars for the benefit of the doubt, maybe the other things on the menu are much better, maybe the cashier guy was having a bad day,unfortunately I'm not willing to give it another chance.
5	I love this place because of a few reasons. They have pretty good sushi for the boxed ones and they can make me rolls without avocado with no complaints because I'm allergic. The service is quick and friendly. It's a fast way to grab something to eat when you're on the go.
5	This place in the UNLV SU is seriously delicious. Their rolls have a ton of flavor and their udon is really yummy.
4	I have picked up dinner here a couple of times and have been generally pleased every time.  The rolls are tasty and well priced.  Last week, I had a summer spring roll, which was good, but not great.  It's the first time I've been disappointed, but I'll still go back because even "not great" is good in comparison to most of the places in the SU.  I'd love to try the hot food if I'm ever on campus during lunchtime.
