4	I went here with my mom because she heard about it being open.  The green shopping carts are brand spanking new & everything is shiny & bright.  It's like a smaller, cleaner, more organized dollar store.  It should do great on this corner.  The prices are really good for basics like toilet paper, cereal, mayo, & nutella.  Well, in my family, nutella is a staple!
4	Out of curiosity stopped in at the Dollar General Market on the way home this evening.  I have to say I was pleasantly surprised.  Foremost, I found the pricing on staple grocery items to be much lower than I expected.  A dozen eggs were only a dollar and a half gallon of skim milk was $1.65.   I found good deals on other items, such as two-for-a-buck greeting cards.  The employees were very friendly as well.  They saw that I had filled my arms with unexpected finds and they all offered to grab me a basket.  The drawbacks to the Dollar General Market are selection and freshness.  The store occupies a former RiteAid and grocery space only occupies about half of the store, so I would not choose this store when looking anything other than basic groceries and drug store fare.  I had to dig for a carton of eggs and a jug of milk that did not have rapidly approaching expirations, so I would advise anyone who shops here to closely monitor the date stamps.  Overall, I would visit the Dollar General Market again.Pro: Walmart pricing without the Walmart hassleCons: Selection and freshness
4	Don't forget that this store has food.  Pizza, milk, juice, strawberries, cauliflower and more are all available.  Furnace filters are here too.  This is like the old 5& Dime Woolworth's type variety store but updated.  Underwear and socks if you need some in a pinch.  Remember, this is Vegas!
4	It's convenient, close to home and is easy for a quick in and out.  They have a little bit of everything, prices comparable to the big guys and no long lines.  I took a competitors' ad and compared prices and Dollar General came up lower!  They send a $5coupon in the mail and if you use it, there is better savings. Some of the food brands I haven't heard of, but as long as it is convenient it's worth it.
4	Great deals here... you can believe if you find it here, the price will be as low as you can.  They have decent selection but it's not a huge place so they don't have everything.  I'm surprised how much they do have... produce, meats, dairy, frozen foods, health and beauty, a little hardware and more.  Great way to save money from the mainstream stores...
5	They have everything here from housewares, food, bathroom, diapers, and even some cheap clothes.The food is all name brand and super cheap. Great place to shop when you have a limited budget and a family to feed. They have a toy aisle with good, name brand toys too. I just bought some Christmas gifts here for my boys.When you checkout they have Paypal as an option on their debit card machine and I tried it two separate times and both times it did not work.Love this store.
5	Ohhh yea!  I love it.  Good stuff with a nice price!  Make up for $1.00, Glad trash bags 32 for 5.00.  I didn't get to look around like I wanted to, but I guess that's a good thing!
5	The Cocoa Shea Butter Lotion is amazing and super cheap!
5	Can't believe I haven't reviewed this place before. I thought I did. Oh well....lol!This was my favorite location when I lived in Summerlin. Very clean and well kept, and you can find some awesome, everyday deals here. Living in Henderson now, I have to visit the one on Tropicana now and I don't like the area at all. Sorry. So when I am in Summerlin, I make a point to stop at this location so that I don't have to go to that one!The grocery prices are insanely cheap, so I like to stock up there and in the home goods section. If you're still buying DVDs, check out the out-of-the-box DVD section they have that runs between $1.75-$3, I believe. You can find some pretty recent releases in there. Only thing missing is the box, but who really wants all of that clutter?Favorite location, hands down, and miss just living blocks from it. Please open one in Green Valley!
