5	Went in yesterday for a130 apt! Got in, got greeted by Vince, and immediately began my pedi with Thai! The pedi was awesome he applied the perfect Amount of pressure and he didn't "spank/slap" my legs like the other shops do! His gentleness was perfect! Yet very manly!Business started picking up around 2 so there was a brisk wait, good part, they informed me and let me continue to relax in their oh soooooo comfy brand new messssaaaaaagggggeeee chairs!! Felt like a winner! Moving on Vince did my nails he was great! He didn't seem to mind me on the phone w my 5 yr old the whoooooollllleee time! Toddler drama!! He talked back when I talked to him! To top me off I was not only super satisfied with my nails but I got  a top of the line eyebrow wax!This shop rocks!!
5	I love this place. Clean Good attitude great customers service never pushy. Vince does the best  nails on town. Liza always has a discount or deal just ask. if your on a rush not the place to to as they take their time.. I think that is part of why they do a great job.
1	Pretty great service but lady said it was supposed to be 24$ for white tip full set I saw a grand opening discount which was 15% off so I asked the lady she's like yeah she did the calculation on her phone for some reason it came out to be 27.98$ I was like how is this possible I'm thinking she added her tip then she tells me free gel. Never again am I going to this place! My nails are ugly for the price I paid for 27$ I know I can get them done for a cheaper price and waaaay better quality don't recommend for French tip! Make sure they're not over proving you! I got ripped off so never again am I going here
3	Good place to get something cute done to your nails- they can do pretty much any design
5	My 2 girlfriends suggested this place, and I'm glad they did!!! It is very clean and has a spa like feeling inside. Thai did a great job on my pedicure, and was very friendly. I unfortunately don't remember the man's name who did my nails, but he was excellent! Not to sound rude, but everyone speaks English very very well! You can actually have a conversation, which is so nice. Their prices are reasonable as well! I will be going back, that's for sure!
5	I've only had a pedicure here, but it was definitely a great experience.  The place is clean and when I went the temperature was comfortable (some of the places get hot and stuffy with all the nail stuff going on) and there was plenty of space in the salon too, so it didn't feel crowded.The staff was very nice and I didn't feel like they were all talking about the customers behind their backs (I get that feeling a lot at other salons).
2	This place is decent when it comes to nails but they will not take you in even you come in at 6:50 & they close at 7 which I think is horrible because other nail places will take you even at the time of closing. I will never go there again especially after the horrible service they gave me the last time I was there.
5	I was looking for a place to get my nails done close to my mother in laws house before dinner time. Love love love this place! When I first walked in I noticed they were a very clean spa. It was busy so I wasn't sure I would get in. Lisa was able to do a full gel set and pedicure. I love my nails. Hands down best place I have been to. I usually have the accrilic stuff still under my nails, but her attention to detail left my nails looking fabulous! If you haven't taken your mom somewhere for Mother's Day, I would highly recommend it. I'll be coming back next time I'm in Vegas!
5	I love this people, they are super nice and fab at what they do! I'm so happy I found them!
5	I came in for a full set Friday!! 4 days later and my nails have been lifting. I called today because I've been unable to go over the weekend and luckily Vanessa said to come in today and they would take care of it. And that is exactly what they did they made them absolutely gorgeous and I am even more happier than I've ever been with any set thank you Cosmo!!!!
5	I've been coming to Cosmo nails now since June and I have to say this place is absolutely my new favorite shop and I wouldn't go anywhere else. It's the best one in NLV. Everyone does an amazing job as well. Kudos!!
1	I arrived for a simple pedi/mani, everyone was friendly but the end result was horrible. I picked 2 different colors one for my toes and one for my fingernails. When I got home, every single one of my fingernails were lumpy, what seemed like air bubbles, and my toe nails didn't have an even coat of nail polish. The next day I went back and the nail artist decided to give me multiple reasons why the nail polish was lumpy, instead of just apologizing. I ended up asking for a simple French tip with clear coat.And to sum up my experience, once the French mani was complete, the reasoning for the lumpiness was their clear top coat.Never coming back here !
5	Wonderful service! Warm environment with friendly people. Super great at the nails they do. I'll be coming here forever.The owner is super hot!
5	Fabulous Service !!! Love this place ! I have been to so many nail salons and none have ever met my expectations.....until now!! Was helped by Vince today.. From now on " My Nail Tech"!! ... Highly recommended!! 20 out of 10
2	Been here twice for brow wax. First time lisa did them and they were great! She understood exactly how I wanted them and I was so pleased.  I returned month later and lisa was busy at that time so another female I cannot remember her name did them. I told her how I wanted. I wanted exactly how lisa did it ehich was lining my natural point on the brow and when she was done I was upset. She moved the point to the center of brow.. now when I raise my brows it looks awful.  5 stars for Lisa. Nobe for the other person.  Unfortunately I moved across town so I will not be able to return to lisa. Brow was about $10
5	Looooooooved this nail place!!! Perfect, clean, calm and luxurious atmosphere. The people there did an excellent job and they were warm, funny and super nice. I'm in live with this nail place! Spoiled now! #HappyFingers
5	I always have a great experience at Cosmo Nails. The girls are wonderful! Jenny is super amazing. She knows art! Lisa thank you so much for making my eyebrows look pretty. Overall the shop is clean, higher quality spas, reasonable prices, the team is always so talkative and I truly enjoy my time =)
5	I have been going to Cosmo nails since July, I tried another place but I was not as satisfied. I always get greeted as I walk in the door. Lisa has been doing an amazing job as she knows exactly how I like my nails and pedi done!!! The place is always clean and the staff there is always nice. Would recommend this place to everyone I know
