3	Formerly the Brick & Barrel.  This is a college bar with strong drinks and a vibrant young crowd that likes sports and bar hopping.  Which is why I will never go again because I'm an old fart but you might like it for those reasons, especially considering there are several other bars within two blocks just like it and you can hop from one to the other until you find the right vibe.  Minus one star for the scented candles everywhere.  They banned smoking for a reason!  So you don't have to be offended with strong smells that give you headaches and are averse to your health.  And the bathroom doors are sketchy.  They need to fix the locks.Three stars for having fairly attentive bartenders (when they aren't texting on their cell phones), completely random college music and a really awesome downstairs.  If I was a 22 y.o. single jock majoring in business or finance (which I never was), that's where I'd be warming up for the evening.  As the bartender very accurately advised, if you like Buckhead Saloon or Dixie's Tavern, you'll like this place too.For those of you visiting from Chicago... welcome to Rush & Division!
3	If hell is a never-ending frat party that also sucks, then welcome to it mon amis
1	The only reason that I am giving this bar a one-star review is because it is a New York bar in Charlotte, NC.  Not NYC, Buffalo NY.  That is just odd.  Other than that, it is a three-star establishment.  Every Friday they put out free food and serve $1 12oz Bud Lite drafts.  $1 drafts in uptown.  That is rather unheard of.  It would be a definite hang out spot for me if I could just find a way to deal with NY fans.  I dont think the Yankee/Giants fans realize that is a Buffalo Bills bar.  Which I find rather funny.  It is a little dive'ish and run down, but I kinda like that feeling of wear and tear over hoity toity.  Odd placement as well.  It is right across the street from Capital Grille.  Not too sure how many of their customers will be stumbling into this establishment.  But give it a try for a few mins.  If you are open to it.-Ian M.
3	After reading the reviews of this place, I was a little unsure about checking it out. My co-workers and I were looking for cheap drinks and learned on Fridays they have $1 Miller Lights, $5 RBV's and free food from Libretto's. Yep, that's enough to get me there. The beers weren't quite pint size but I still enjoyed the midgie sized beers since they were a buck. It was way tinier than I expected and they had an acoustic singer (however they didn't need the speakers for him since there were about 10 people inside). I was expecting it to be a Bar Charlotte-esque crowd but thankfully it was professionals since it was a Friday afternoon. Bartender was quick with a drink and the RBV's were pretty damn strong. I saw they have a huge Yankees flag right above the front door when you're about to walk out so I guess they are trying to change their image and just be a NY bar? I would check it out again for a few drinks after work but don't think I would commit myself to there for an entire night.
3	I've waited to write a review about Town Tavern because I like to go a few times to a bar before I give a public opinion.  After 3 nights (spread out over a few weeks, of course), I think I have a good feel.  Pros: cheap drinks, especially on Fridays.  It's very hard to go wrong with $1 domestic drafts.  Usually pretty busy starting around 11 on a weekend night.  DJ plays good music for a drinking, party type atmosphere.  Never paid a cover.  Has both an upstairs and downstairs (both with a bit of a different feel).Cons: Since the place is on the smaller side there is only one men's and one women's bathroom upstairs.  On Friday $1 beer nights, you can expect a long wait to the bar after 10 PM.  Tends to be a more frat party environment (which could be good if that's your taste).  Hard to hear other people in your group on a weekend night.Hope the pro's and con's style simplifies the review - tried to cover the most important components: drink deals, bathrooms, atmosphere, and music!
4	4 stars because I will always remember where I was when the USA didn't advance in the 2010 World Cup.The atmosphere of Town Tavern was awesome, far less crowded than that crazytown Irish pub around the corner. And when we were there, they didn't serve food, which I would normally think was terribly irresponsible, but it just fit the attitude of Town. The bartender was a little moody, but prompt with the beers. And the fact that I could spin in circles without missing a picture on any of the TVs is terrif. Knowing how much I hate the Town Tavern in DC, I wouldn't dream of visiting this place at night. Just like the Town Tavern in DC, I would only come in broad daylight to enjoy sports and a beer or two.
4	I have to be honest with everyone out there.  I did you all a disservice and I beg for your forgiveness.  I love this place!  I gave it ONE star before to keep it all to myself.  Heeheeheee.  I swear that is the only time I have stretched the true as a Yelper.  Other than that, look passed the whole Buffalo theme and see the place for what it is.  It is a hole in the wall gem with great specials and bartenders.  Brad is just about the nicest guy on Earth.  If you want to know who Brad is, just look for the Hulk size bartender and then you've found him.  One "must do" about Town Tavern:  The Town Tavern Challenge!  That would be 5 shots in 5 mins.  Don't be fooled and think that is easy.  You havent heard what shots you have drink yet.  I will leave that as a surprise.  All you need to know is that you get a free t-shirt and your name engraved on a little plaque on the wall.  Look for 1SIMMB1.. That would be me!!  Stop in and enjoy!-Ian M.
1	yuck. boring and bland "night spot" in Uptown.  RIDICULOUSLY OVERPRICED BEER.  $5 for a High Life?????? This is not communist Russia, this is the U S of A.  So, keep your prices for American classics $3 and below, you pinkos.
1	Town is hit or miss, mostly miss, ok music, but the down stairs looks like your friends basement. Annoying bouncers, lack luster bartenders. One of my friends got kicked out cause a bouncer threw away his drink that was sitting right next to him and when he asked the bouncer why he told him to leave. Skip this spot and go to prohibition next door.
3	fine bar.  not that clean.  nice atmosphere.  no top shelf booze.  good for a quick pop n' stop.
3	This place is just ok. The beer selection is a bit lacking and we didn't eat here but I probably wouldn't anyway.
4	Friday = $1 drafts all night = AwesomeBe aware of what your going to though - very fratty, lots of dudes, and at times a little douchey.   Yuppies and hipsters will probably not enjoy.
1	I left my card at Town Tavern Sunday night.  I've been calling every day to ask them if I can come by and get my card.  Today, about $2000+ in charges posted to my credit card account.  There is a bar tender or waitress at this place who is either using my card or sold my card to someone.  I wouldn't go to this place, EVER.
3	Town Tavern.....I have mixed feelings about you, but I still find myself coming back for some reason. I remember why now....some of my good and outgoing friends are in their early 20s and they are into this scene, so I guess you can say I get peer pressured into coming along.....oh and the $1 draft beers on Friday nights is a nice incentive to come out. Anyways, this is where everyone goes because they don't charge a cover, unlike everybody else in the area. Like most other reviews said, it is always filled with tons of dudes, especially the fratty ones with their pleated khaki shorts, salmon colored button up longsleeve shirt, sperry boat shoes/loafers and don't forget about that signature Tiltliest cap....me and my friends actually made a bet for beers on how many dudes will walk through the door with Tiltliest hats......needless to say, I stayed with beers in my hand, lol. Fellas, if you're looking for some ladies, there aren't many here. For the few that are there, I hope there is something about you that stands out from the other hundred dudes in there. The highlight of this place.....the female bartenders are HOT! We've established a good bar relationship.....they get me my beer fast when they see me. Music is meh, nothing special.....typical Flo Rida-esque/Nelly/50 Cent/Snoop/Notorious B.IG/you get the point, bathrooms are small and usually disgusting. Grown men still haven't figured out how to not piss on the toilet seat. If you peer pressure me enough, I'd come to Town Tavern with you, but if you give me a choice, I would probably suggest something different
3	Went here twice on my visit to charlotte. It's a younger crowd (mostly under 30) and gets crowded. The main floor was so crowded you could barely move and it was difficult to get to to the bar to order. The type of place you stop at on your way to somewhere else more memorable..
3	I'm not entirely certain why I am the Duke of this establishment, but Town Tavern definitely gets the job done, whether for a quick lunch stop or for some cheap beer in Uptown. Every city needs a Town Tavern: unassuming, a bit grimy, but extremely affordable. This bar flaunts specials like $2 local drafts, $2 rails on certain days, etc. Furthermore, their daily lunch special weighs in at about 6-7 bucks, and always fills you up. Late at night - which is probably why I'm Duke - the bar clears out most of its tables, and opens up its dungeon-like basement. The entire establishment also starts smelling of cheap bathroom soap (the pink kind). If these terms are acceptable, then enjoy the drink special they feature that day, and make your way downstairs for a club-like atmosphere. The crowd isn't quite my scene, but I can see how it gets a decent turnout every Friday & Saturday.Adventure to Town Tavern!
3	Well it is Sip now so I don't think it needs a review anymore, but I used to be able to get cheap bud light here.
