5	After getting a taste of Chocolate Star Bakery's delicious cookies through a good friend, I decided to make the long trip from south Tempe to have a second taste. However, upon arrival I was immediately caught off guard by the wonderfully deep smell of some seriously gourmet coffee. Now I hesitantly made the 30 minute drive for cookies originally, but I would make this drive twice for another coffee. My first impression: this is an honest business. A perfect compliment to the gourmet, craft level quality of the bakery, I wouldn't be surprised if My Key had a small bakery in the corner of its own place 6 months from now. Like any other truly gourmet experience, the level of care and attention to quality is what sets this apart from any other Scottsdale, Tempe, or Phoenix coffee bar. The guy working the place, who turned out to be the owner, was excellent. He made my drip coffee all by hand and was hands down, the best cup of coffee I've had in years. The kind of experience that reminds you why you got into something in the first place.Bottom line: refreshing, delicious, honest. 5 stars for My Key!!
5	I hadn't had my share of exploring North Scottsdale all that much but after stumbling upon Chocolate Star Bakery I was able to come across one of the best cups of drip coffee I have ever had. I initially went to have my second dose of Chocolate Star Bakery's banana chocolate chip cookie but I was also greeted by a barista offering fresh ground and dripped coffee. The aroma was amazing and it tasted fresher than any other coffee I've had before, seriously. I'm not sure what type of roast or what it was but it was amazing. I would highly suggest this place if you're in the area or if you're in the mood for a great drink. The barista working there also had some delicious brews of iced tea in the fridge that he complimentarily offered me. The service was great and I couldn't ask for more. The tea, coffee, and everything about it was wonderful. Not to mention the barista/owner is cute =P
5	The only complaint I have about this place is that I wish there was another location closer to my home. My Key is set up inside the Chocolate Star Bakery (which is also phenomenal!) The coffee is delicious to say the very least, full bodied and rich full of flavor...the owner roasts, grinds, and pours the coffee all himself. The place is completely about the ambiance and experience..from the gingham table cloths to the porcelain cow creamer...everything about this place oozes quality. A great cup of coffee, in a cozy little place, with friendly conversation...it was the perfect escape in my busy day. I will definitely be going back to this place! I hope they stick around.
5	I tried the ethiopian Yirgacheffe and it was amazing...I didn't need to add anything to the coffee, smooth yet flavorful. Easy to see the coffee is made by someone with a true love for coffee.Awesome guys at the shop didn't hurt either. If you're a true coffee fan, I recommend it.
5	Stumbled upon this place through Yelp reviews. Hard to identify My Key Coffee if you didn't know it was inside the cookie place--but so worth the search! Awesome iced toddy and ice tea. Can't wait to go back. I think I've found my summer spot
3	My Key Coffee is basically a coffee "stand" within a the small Chocolate Star Bakery - you'd never know it was there unless you stopped in, but even then you might mistake it for decoration! This is definitely no regular coffee house - there's a tiny cooler with a grinder and percolator next to an old fashioned cupboard that houses the coffee beans and tea leaves. Upon entering, the barista was immediate to greet me and very friendly. I ordered an iced Thai Coffee, but was immediately embarrassed because the barista looked at me like I was crazy! I swore I saw Thai Coffee on their website menu, but it was actually Traditional Vietnamese Coffee. (I admit I have had Thai Coffee on my mind all week and you might remember my motto "see it when I believe it".) Needless to say, the barista was extremely nice and was quick to get started on my drink. First, he started to boil the water in the percolator and while it was heating, he began to grind the beans. Once the beans were done, he poured some condensed milk (I assume) into a large glass cylinder, which sat atop a silver-looking pedestal. Next, he placed the freshly ground beans in a conical filter which fit neatly into a single serving cup strainer and very slowly poured the hot water into the filter. As this began to drain, he went to the back room for some ice in a plastic to-go cup. Then, he poured some more water into the filter and stirred the grounds. Very slowy my coffee was being made right before my eyes. Once completely drained, he poured the concoction over ice, swirled it around, then poured it back into the cylinder. Grabbing more ice from the back, he poured my now icey cold drink over more ice. Viola, my drink was complete. I took some sips and he asked me how it was. Good was my immediate response, but this didn't faze him. I admitted I liked my coffee sweet and it could be sweeter. He produced some agave nectar and poured some in my drink. I stirred it up and it was perfect. Not overwhelmingly sweet, but naturally brought out the cardamom - which tasted minty to me. Now, this was probably the longest I have ever had to wait to get an iced coffee, but being able to see the love and care that was put into my coffee, it was worth the wait. Once ready, I ordered two chocolate chip cookies and was on my way, a happy customer.
2	This place is closed! Someone let me know where I can find a good drip coffee...
