5	Linda was awesome!  Plan to make her my go to girl for nails while Im in town!
5	My girlfriend gets her nails done by Nelson and they're always perfect! Highly recommend.
5	I always like to explore my horizons in trying out different nail salons and this is my first choice for 2011.As always, I searched on Yelp based on ratings and this time somewhere that was nearby my neighborhood instead of driving all the way across town. I called and made an appointment the very day and luckily it was as if I had perfect timing... he had an opening right when I called, so my speedy butt took off like a runaway train to get my nails done. The nail salon is located at the very end in the same complex where Whole Foods Market is, but on the corner of W. Charleston and Fort Apache. When I arrived, I was greeted with a smile and was asked to sign in. From reading the reviews, I made a mani-pedi appointment with Nelson. He came out and greeted me soon after, asking what I would like to do to my nails. I told him I want a french manicure with a slight pink to make it look fresh and no acrylic... the smell gets to me and I go nuts. So he suggested the gel french nails, which I love since you keep your real nails and it's odorless. It works with the uv lights that seal in the gel to give it this radiant crystal clear shine. I thought he had to pile on some glob of mess and shape it, but no it seemed like it was such a simple process of just putting on a few coats of nail polish and after each coat, I put my hands under the uv lamp to seal it. You don't even feel a thing which I loved, since doing LCN nails awhile back.. now that was painful!! Nelson was nice to chat with and he was honest about leave my feet alone instead of always trying to buff and file it away. He told me I cut it too short too. Yikes.. can't help it. He did a great job with both my mani-pedi and I couldn't stop looking at my nails after. It looks so natural and shiny... love the fact that's it's my real nail! Nelson told me it will help my nails grow, you'll love these gels, it's the best ever, and it will last up to 2-3 weeks. He was right! If anything did happen from the time I left to when I need to be back, he told me to call him and he'll fix it at no cost. But so far so good, my nails look like they were just done every single day. The shine from the gel is unbelievable. It's natural and feels like you didn't get anything done. Absolutely in love with Gel Nails!!!I entered this contest and wanted to look more polished *hehe get it?! Nail salon/ nail polish... Eh anyways so I told him about it and asked if he could vote for me and he was more than willing to and asked to give him a few voting cards to give out to his friends to help me. Wow... how sweet and supportive is that from just having my first service with him. The nail salon itself is CLEAN, love the pedi massage chairs and the opaque amber glass color tub you put your feet in. Mesmerized by it actually ha! Nelson is friendly, social, a great all around guy that does an exceptional job in nails. Definitely will be back in a few weeks for another wonderful experience with Nelson!!!If anybody is curious what Gel Nails are here is something I found from Nailsplash.com:The ultimate long-term goal with gels is for the client to end up growing out and wearing her own long, strong, beautiful, HEALTHY nails under the gel; so that she is no longer to be considered wearing artificial nails, but with the gel becoming essentially just a very strong, bonded base coat to protect her own nails from cracking, splitting, peeling, chipping, etc. She is now wearing a nail enhancement, not "fake" nails, and the enhancement need never be removed, only maintained on a regular schedule! Just as hair color is an enhancement of her natural hair, not "fake" hair, and can be maintained indefinitely. Gel nail enhancements ARE the client's own natural nail.... ONLY BETTER!
4	my roomie and i decided that we deserved to treat ourselves with mani/pedis after a long hard week. great service. the nail techs are really nice and do a great job. i think they liked that i was vietnamese, thats probably the most i've spoken in vietnamese in a very long time.  very clean salon. the chairs for the pedicures were nice...they had a weird butt massage thing going on them as well as a back and neck massage. not the cheapest but at least they take their time.
3	Now I got to start this review by saying that my first impression of this place was not a good one. I decided to try this place out after reading all the awesome reviews I saw here on Yelp. I came a few minutes early for my appointment and was quickly seated with a woman (didn't catch the name). Now a little side note, my nails prior to coming into the salon were JACKED due to a pretty lousy full set I had gotten done while I was in So Cal. So I sit down with the lady and the first thing she does was laugh at me. Now if you read my "Allure nail" review, you know that I don't take criticism very well, so I was pretty pissed that this woman started laughing at me, but I got over it. As she was getting started, another woman came into the salon, stating that she had an appt with the woman I had just sat down with, so I was asked to wait for another tech to come tend to me. I was upset that this woman could not keep track of her appointments and that I had to wait. Thankfully though, the second tech (Catherine) was way cool and very attentive. I thoroughly enjoyed sitting with her.The salon itself, I was very impressed with. It was clean and it was pleasing to the eyes. I will come back a second time, but I will definitely request a specific person next time.
5	This place ROCKS! After some searching on the internet and Yelp, I finally found a place that does gel nails...REAL gels nails. About a week ago at another establishment I was scammed into thinking I was getting gel nails. They used acrylic and then just used a UV topcoat/nail polish. They started yellowing and were crooked. But I digress, I went into V Nail and was seen rather quickly even though I was a walk-in. I only waited for about 5-10 minutes until Gwen sat me down and started soaking my acrylics off. I asked for pink and white gels, and that is exactly what I got!! She put on a clear tip and then wraps to strengthen it a little. Then applied a coat of clear gel, a sheer pink gel, white gel tips, and another coat of clear...sealing each coat with the UV light. All in all it took about an hour and a half, but it was well worth it!!! Gel is less harsh on your nail than acrylics, they last longer, they tend not to lift, and they look more natural. Gwen did an AMAZING job and I will definitely be back for a fill...regardless of the 20-25 minute drive from my house.Oh, and btw - pink and white gels are $45 and a removal (for the old nails) was $5.
5	Ask for Gwen she is the best...the only one that does my nails right!!!Oh and the chairs are to die for!
4	Awesome nail salon, doesn't really have too much of that chemical smell and it's clean!The staff is so friendly, ask for Nelson, he's a sweetheart who will help you with any nail issues.
4	Have been here once, and I loved the staff, the chairs and how quiet it was.  The glass tubs are really pretty. My friend and I got a basic pedicure, and we were both really happy with it. I'm looking forward to going back for my nails.
4	Needed to get a mani/pedi so checked Yelp to see where it led me...Nelson at V Nail got some great reviews so I called to see if they could get me in right away and they said yes!The decor inside is very spa-like, nice calm colors, quiet music, and no loud talking! LOL.  I'm Chinese/Vietnamese so whenever I walk into a nail salon they are always surprised when I speak to them in Vietnamese.  Most other nail salons, they talk to me nonstop, but not here, it's actually very quiet.  And I did not notice a TV, which is good when you just want to close your eyes while you enjoy the massage chair.  Speaking of massage chair, they have one of the best around.  I've been in many massage chairs all over San Francisco and Las Vegas...this one had to be one of the top five. It not only massaged all over my neck and back, but on the seat too so it would feel like I got a fist up my hoo-haa every now and then.  Haha, okay the first time it happened I was startled but after that, it actually feels kinda good  :)Well, Nelson got to work on my feet, and gave me a nice little foot massage ( I got the regular pedi, they have a deluxe also).  He did a good job of applying the polish.We then moved to my nails, I went with the Gel French Mani.  I've never had the Gel Mani before and I am not a fan of acrylics as I like to keep my nails short and natural.  He cut it down to the length I wanted and got to work applying the gel.  I have to say, he has a surgeons hands cause mine were shaking, but his was calm as day.  He did a great job on my French manicure.  And with the gel layers it dried so fast!My only shocker was the price- guess I'm used to prices being a little lower back in SF.  With the regular pedi and the gel french mani, my bill came to $73 plus tip, OUCH.  Well, If I could afford it I would definitely do this on a regular...
4	Nelson is awesome! I normally get acrylic, but he persuaded me to not to ever put acrylics on again. Being that im picky with the shape of my nai. Nelson with excellent execution, shaped my nails to perfection! I recommend the Gel Mani with glitter!!
4	Went to V Nail for gel nails and toenails and Nelson did a great job. The salon is nice and quiet, the massage chairs are amazing, and the price was reasonable. If you're looking for a new salon you should check it out.
3	I couldn't agree more with Misti Y.'s review - The atmosphere was nice, the area was clean, the staff was pleasant but the nailpolish - old... or something.  I'm no pedi rookie so I was super careful for quite sometime especially after reading Misti's review before I even went in but when my polish smudged 5 hours after my return home, I was less than pleased.  I like the place but this is something that is a deal breaker if they can't get it fixed.  I don't have 5 hours to wait for my polish to dry.
5	I moved to the westside of town and had a hard time looking for a new nail salon because the one I normally go to had closed. =(  Anyway, I've tried a few (about 3) new places and didn't like any of them!!  I decided to Yelp nail salons and came across V Nails' and saw they were ranked #1 with 4 1/2 stars out of 16 reviews!!  How awesome is that?!!  I needed a pedicure really bad so I went ahead and tried them out.  WOW!!  Am I glad I did!!  Kelvin was amazing and did a very nice job!!  I FINALLY found a permanent nail salon!!  I highly recommend this place to anyone who needs an awesome pedicure!!  Good job Kelvin!!
5	Clean, nice decor, and great location.  Gwen did the best job on my nails!  I will definitely go back here!
3	If I am paying $41 for a mani/pedi- it better be amazing. Unfortunately, my experience was just "OK". I originally wanted to get a gel manicure but when I found out it was $45, I declined since I have gotten it for much cheaper elsewhere. I was actually quite a fan of the pedicure and the massage chairs.  Probably the best massage chair I have ever sat in.  And the ambiance of the salon is quite serene and there isn't a heavy acetone aroma that nail salons are notorious for.  However, my manicure was less than OK, as it smudged and had tiny bubbles on closer inspection. My  2 cousin's nails also smudged and they had to retouch it themselves when they got home.  For the most part, the staff is nice, but I was a little hurt that I wasn't offered a glass of water by my manicurist- when my pedicure neighbor was.  My toddler daughter also got a $5 polish application and she loved the adorable butterfly chairs- but I don't think I will return because the price doesn't quite match the service and product.
1	Wow!  LV Yelpers, where have you had your nails done before? Recently moved from CA.  Based on reviews from this website, I was sure that I had found the right place. WRONG. I was welcomed by Cecelia upon arrival.  I did not have an appointment scheduled thankfully, I was taken to a spa chair within seconds. The best spa chair I have ever sat in!  As written before, incredibly  comfortable with a beautiful glass bowl.The salon is very clean and all the workers are very friendly.  Greeted by most of the staff and asked if I needed anything by all (big +++'s there.)Cecelia did a fantastic job on my pedicure. Thank you Cecelia.After my pedicure, I was escorted to a nail station for a gel fill. I was suppose to have another girl do my fill, but was pleasantly surprised to get the famous" Gwen" on my first time there. Oh, my goodness! she was sweet as could be, however,  STOP THE PRESS...what a terrible job on my nails!  She changed my natural looking nails to "chiclets on steroids!"  AHHH!  to add insult to injury, the cost was $87.00 for french gel fill and french pedi.  IN LA it would have been $60.00 with calous remover.P.S. In most states, you can get a fill and pedi at the same time and  in 1 hour not 2.25 hours!!   Was it my faux paus or ?I'm open for suggestions....
4	I went in here on a whim, looking for a relaxing pedicure. The salon is quiet and nice. The pedicure chair had tons of massage options, the bowl was glass and very pretty (they also have special chairs for little girls pink with butterfly wings, adorable). The practitioner did a great job and was very nice. With tip I spent about $45, but it was worth it for a treat.
3	I got in and got out.  Nothing in particular impressed me.  My pedicure was done well enough.  Not that I expect special one of kind attention when I'm in a nail salon.  I get that working on feet and hands all day can get old for you, but there are certain things I do expect for a good service that were non-existent at this visit:1.  Greeting at the door.  It doesn't have to be sincere, but at least say "hello, how are you" in some way.  Don't look at me like I'm a burden.  I made an appointment, mister.2.  Direct me where to go without me having to figure it out myself by following you.3.  Do the same amount of treatment you do on one foot for the other foot.  For example, put callus remover on both feet and not just one and then proceed to scrub the other one without callus remover.4.  Let me know when you're done, so I know when to put my shoes on and check out.  Don't just walk away and talk on your cell phone and leave me to figure out if my toes are dry enough to put my flip flops on.Conclusion:  Pedicure quality was good enough.  The polish was neat and clean.  Impressive enough to turn me into a loyal customer?  No siree, bob.  I guess I have to continue my journey of finding that special nail salon, again.... =(
5	I have been getting my nails done here for a while. I keep coming back because of Kelvin. Although I have watched the work of other employees and would feel comfortable with any of them. The chairs are great, the tubs are kept very clean. The staff does not thin out polish like some other cheap places do. The cons are: no wi-fi and the Eagles CD is always playing.I keep coming back because it is cheaper than the salon down the street, better ped chairs, much more flexible when booking appointment.
1	Horrible. Bad service and the place is FILTHY.
1	Horrible!  We were told the wait was 20 min.  After an hour, I was told to sit as the tub was being filled, but the woman didn't come back and water overflowed.  I tried to turn it off and asked for help, finally a man came over & turned it off.  I sat for another 15minutes in now cold water before the man came back.  Over the next hour, he got up 5 or 6 times to take care of other customers or to answer the phone.  One time, he had put callous remover chemical on my feet & walked away, it burned the healthy skin on my big toe, by the time I realized it was burning, dipping it back into the water did not stop the pain.  My toe was bright red & an hour later is still throbbing.  Due to his distractions & lack of care in providing any customer service to me, he did a poor job.  There was no massage, the paint was sloppy and he chemically burned my toe.  To top it off, he was so "shocked" that I did not give him a big tip, he had the nerve to make a comment about it to my friend's nail tech, while I was standing there!   I always tip & quite generously, but this man didn't deserve ANY tip, much less a good one.   No time management, disorganized, poor skills & overall a stressful rather than relaxing experience.... needless to say, I will not be back
3	1st time here. I got acrylics w/ glitter fill on my tips n uv coated gel topcoat. The quality that the lady did was great, however, it cost $60 excluding $tips. I would have expected acrylics to be less. I didn't see many 3d art samples at all n I would have been charged $10 more. No thank you to that part! Next time I'm going to More Than Nails, prices are reasonable for 3d art, glitter n flares etc.
5	This is definitely a great nail salon to do to.1. Great OPI selection of nail polishes2. Great Staff, my favorite is: Jimmy 3. Sterile and Clean businessNeed I say more?
3	This place is fine, your standard nail place. I have been looking for the rare-to-find level of quality/price.  I wasn't impressed with the selection of nail polish colors, they had your standard amount (maybe even less) - Either way i wouldn't call it a generous amount.The pedicure I got was great. Lady wore gloves which I like because i think its weird if someone is comfortable with touching feet like that.   I got the deluxe pedicure for $40.  I would probably get the standard pedicure next time because with tip a ~$50 dollar pedicure is a colossal waste of money in my eyes, if you get them regularly, that is.  In terms of end-product I am satisfied.    Experience wise:No complaints out of the ordinary.  I just thought it was unprofessional that the other nail techs hung around the girl doing my toes, and carried on conversations with her in their native language, which was just kind of irritating when i wanted to relax and sit there in silence.  Then the other nail tech without a client was eating in the same area as me and his food was... aromatic in a not so good way.   Just unprofessional.  That was my only negative point about the experience.  Didn't bother me that much, just something to be noted, if I ran a business I would most certainly restrict this behavior. Sadly, I see these things at just about every nail salon I go to.
5	Tried a few of the manicurists here before I settled with Cecilia. Meticulous quality!
1	I wanted to try this salon for a long time.  A couple of weeks ago I needed to go to Wholefoods so I stopped by.  No one greeted me as I entered and 3 or 4 nail techs were talking or playing games on their phones and they just ignored me.  Finally a tech came to me and asked if I needed any help.  I decided to have a deluxe pedicure and she said she could do it.  She did a great job but I would not go there again for several reasons.  One of the men working there sat in a chair near me and fell asleep and started snoring.  I was amazed that he could fall asleep with all the noise of the other techs shouting in their native language.  I like a quiet atmosphere where I could relax and enjoy the experience.  Also the tv sets were adding to the general noise level.  Needless to say I will not be back again,
4	I was there and had a great person helping me,  We had a great visit, the great thing she spoke English, not best but we got along  She was so interested in learning new words and meanings.  but as usual the other ones were jabbering in Vietnamese which can be very irritating.  The place was very clean, which is much cleaner than in my town.  In my place they sit around when they are not busy.  While they could clean up their station up in a few minutes.  We live out of town but in Vegas, for business at least 4 months in a year. I will definitely go back.
5	Went with a group of 5 for pedicures, made appointments, took us back on time and we were all pleased with our toes. Good prices and they speak English so you don't have to worry what they're saying to each other. Ask for Kim!
3	I would give them a 3.5 if there were half stars, but I had to round down.    I went to a wedding last month and I figure it was the perfect excuse to pamper myself.  I walked in on a Thursday afternoon after work without an appointment and was immediately seated with a manicurist.  The place was very clean looking and they had a wide variety of services.  I decided on a Gel French Tip because I figured if I'm going to splurge it better be something I can't do at home.I have had Gels done before when I lived in LA and I absolutely loved them, but my experience was a little less than desirable here.  The French tip was done very evenly and cleanly, but there were definitely a couple bubbles on some of my nails which was unfortunate.  There weren't obvious, but I could definitely feel them as you run your finger over the polish.  My biggest problem with V Nails was that one of my nails chipped the next day.  This blew my mind because Gel Nails are supposed to last weeks and be a pain to take off.  So when it chipped the next day before I was even able to make it to the wedding I was pretty upset.  I don't think I'm particularly hard on my hands and because I've had Gel before with no problems I'm not quite sure why they chipped so quickly.  Now maybe it was a fluke and normally I would have rounded up to 4 stars, but the final straw as to reason why I rounded down had to be due to the price.  Granted I didn't really check their prices for Gels but I figured they would be in the $20-$30, but boy was I wrong.  My Gels turned out to be $45, and they chipped the next day!  The staff was nice, the place had great ambiance, and there wasn't a wait, but the price and work quality will likely keep me from coming back anytime soon. Let the hunt for my go to LV nail place continue
5	I called to make a reservation for a kid's mani/pedi so there was a few minutes wait time. They have two pink butterfly spa chairs for little girls. My daughter enjoyed the whole experience and the manicurist was very detailed and meticulous. It was worth the money for my daughter's birthday.
2	Lifesavers- short on time and desperately in need of gel mani and a pedi, they had one person do my mani while the other did my pedi. Thanks!!!!!--Sept 2014 Update: It really depends when you go and who you get. It's good in a pinch, but the last time I had a bad pedi and not so happy....
5	Love everything about this nail salon. Very clean, tons of gel colors. Very meticulous staff. This is the only nail place I go to.
5	Tiffany and Kim are the BEST. :] I love their attention to detail in making my acrylics perfect. All my nails have the same thickness, length and are painted perfectly. They do not rush here.  They make me feel very comfortable. I love this place.
5	Ever since I moved to Summerlin from California over a year ago I've been searching for a nail salon I like. I'm a very loyal customer once I find a place I really like, I won't go anywhere else. I had such a great experience at V Nails. The staff was nice and didn't try to over charge me or add things I didn't want and I never felt pushed. Also, and importantly the salon was very clean and they had a really good selection of colors. I did a gel mani and pedi and I go so many compliments from people about how the gel did not look thick and clumpy like some places tend to do. Thank you V nails!!
5	Desperately needed acrylics done last min on a tues.  I searched Yelp and V Nails was next to my office.  I read that Kim was awesome, I called at 6:10, Kim answered... She stayed until about 7:45 (they close at 7:00.)  My acrylics are narrow, thin, and gorgeous.  Honestly, i don't know if I have had them done better.  I will def. be back.  They DO NOT take AMX... which is incredibly annoying.. but .. she's that good... ill pay cash.  Full set was 30$.
5	I was in desperate need of a nail repair after my acrylic snapped off at work. I searched Yelp for nail salons in my area and was impressed by the reviews I'd read on V Nails, so I decided to give it a try. Am I glad I did.  I was greeted as soon as I walked in and the wait was less than ten minutes. Ceila was incredibly friendly and did a fantastic job on my nails.  I got exactly what I asked for and she did it much more gentle than I was used too. Definitely coming back!
3	Go there for mani/pedi's - some techs are great and some are meh. Prices are high - paid $90 for gel mani/pedi. Way too high in my book.
5	Great job! The guy took his time and did exactly what I wanted. I got a fill and gel polish change on my toes: )
5	I went here with a friend who was getting her nails done. She talked me into having a pedicure. I reluctantly agreed and it was awesome! They massaged my legs and everything. While we were there the owner came out and talked to us, her name is Kim and she was very friendly. I'm surprised to say but I would definitely go back and do it again.
5	I have been going to V Nails for a while now, they are always friendly and professional. They take appointments or walk-ins, so it is always convenient. Ask forJenny or Tiffany, especially for gel manicures... These two are perfectionists-love it!
5	Love going here...by far my favorite salon in town. They have soooo many gel options and always do an amazing job from my pedicure to my acrylics.  Very friendly and amazing customer service.
5	Up until I discovered V nails I had been to about 15 different Nail salons. I don't understand what it is but I could never stick to one place I think it is because When I visit the same nail tech more then 3 I expect for them to already know how I like the shape of my nails and what needs to be done to make them look nice and clean. I hate having to point out things that they miss. I cant say all the nail techs at V nails are good because I have not been to all of them BUT I could safely say I found a Nail Tech that actual does everything perfect. I even recommended a Close friend of mine to visit GWEN and she was very happy with her nails!
1	Do not come here!!! The staff is unbelievably rude, super over priced & horrible service. They do not listen to you about what you want and don't even do a good job. My pedicure was just the lady painting my toes. Didn't file, scrub or do anything else!!
1	I came into vnails today to get a pedi and possibly a mani too, I have been here several times and usually the nails are done ok. Today the lady was so rude, I got a French pedicure and during it I asked if I could add extra massage, she looked at me weird then just said no. I was like 'no?!' She'd then followed up by saying she didn't have time, as I realized that was obviously why the whole time it had felt half assed and rushed.  So I told her ok, not to worry then. ( even though this was something I had been  looking forward too)   At the end she said nothing too me then just rushed off to another client, leaving me sitting in the chair thinking wtf. So looked down, checked my nails, realized pink all over the white tips, flagged someone down and they called her back to fix it. No apology, doesn't say one word, then fixes it and runs off again . So rude!!!! Needless to say am not getting mani here nor coming back, expensive and horrible service for something that is supposed to be a treat to myself! Her name is rhen , avoid herBtw she also decided to try and argue with me when paying I simply said you should really let the customer know if you are short on time, I give up , awfull experience. ( and I still left a tip , just because, that's how I am ughhh
5	Called and made an Aptmnt based off reviews. Super happy with this place! Kim was my tech and she did an amazing job fixing my nails after a bad experience last week. She is amazing. Very calm and relaxing environment!! My biggest thing I need while getting a mani/ pedi. Love it here
