5	I was about to buy a new set of tires at Walmart, when I decided to check this nearby place first, just to compare.  How about $100 LESS at Firestone!  I got a complete set of new tires with a 450 Treadwear Rating for $143.47 out the door, mounted, balanced, & stems!During the installation, I walked down the street to La Olmeca for one of their excellent breakfasts, & my car was ready shortly after I got back.  Total time (for the car) at Firestone was only about an hour, without an appointment.  Terrific experience all around!!
5	Gotta take this opportunity to thank Nick A.  He's been there since the shop opened and this is the second time I've dealt with him.  Both times have been a pleasure, as he is just very pleasant and not interested in the typical high-pressure sales style that I've come to expect from chain auto shops.  I hate to say it, but I'm sure I'll be back again for new tires.....
3	I'm a regular at this Firestone, & they're always ok but not always stellar, so I have to cut back on the Stars.  The other day, for instance, I had to go in to replace one of my new tires from the original review, because it got side damage out on the freeway.The original 4 tires cost under $36 each out the door, mounted, balanced & stems, at the end of June.  This time, though, ONE of the same tire was up to almost $52.  Manager Josh explained that there is a new tariff on the imported tire, but the balancing also went up from $8 to $12, a 33% increase in 4 months just on that!  SO, they drop down to 3 Stars for now, & we'll see how it goes.
2	I have gone to this Firestone location twice for oil changes in my Mustang.  The first time, I got no sticker indicating the month / mileage I needed to get another oil change at.  I didn't notice until I got home.  It's full synthetic so not that big a deal -- annoying but I just marked the calendar in my blackberry to remind me a few months down the road.  The second time, the tech had oil on his boot and when he put his feet on the drivers side floormat to bring the vehicle back around after the oil change, he got oil all over it.  I was on the phone when I got back in the vehicle and, again, didn't notice.  My loss, because it's permanently stained. I had the floormats professionally shampooed afterwards but it didn't help.    Fortunately, it was just the floormat, not the actual carpet.Two careless and annoying mistakes in two visits = two stars and no third chance.
3	It's been 9 months since my last update for this place, so here's one, based on this morning's visit:I love the people & the service at AAA Auto Service, 1050 E Camelback, but come here every other time, every 10,000 miles, for my oil changes because they rotate the tires I bought here for free.  This was one of those times.There's a new Service Manager here now, "Nate".  My only complaint for today was that I served myself up a cup of coffee from the big thermos & it was ice cold, leftover from yesterday!  Uck!  Come on, Nate!  With that said, the service itself went as expected & they stay at 3 Stars.Oil Change & rotate tires (bought here) is $32.05, minus $10 if you called into their survey after your last visit.PS:  Like good Mexican food?  Walk down Central to La Olmeca for a bite while you're waiting for your car.  They open at 8 AM & might even have a breakfast BUFFET going for you if you're here on a Saturday or Sunday!     :-))Also, discount coupons are often available for both Firestone & La Olmeca if you hunt around a little.
4	This morning was my first time getting my Lifetime Alignment services and Oil Change done from this particular location.  I arrived a little early to my 11am appointment but the gentleman promptly checked me in and took my keys.  I asked if it would be a while to get me started and he assured me that the mechanic was just finishing up the alignment in front of me and that I was next.  I take a seat in the lobby area to read my book and wait; I look up to see if my car was still parked, waiting to be serviced and it wasn't - Woohoo!  Ok, so not even 5 minutes in we're doin' good (Smile).... After a few more minutes pass, I realized that the location is starting to get a little hectic and busy, so I hope to myself that this will not effect my timing outcome.  As I keep reading,  the next thing you know, approximately 30 minutes later, I look up, and there's my "Jazzy Jaggy" parked in the middle spot, staring me right back in the face through the front window - Yaaaaay!?? - I'm done -  Already???  For a brief moment, I think - Oh wait a minute, something might be wrong because it all happened so quickly.  But, just as soon as the thought came, here came the gentleman who checked me and is now calling my name and telling me I was all set go!  Oh yeah, this is ALL RIGHT - Good AND Fast Service?  Yep - I was able to get my wheels and tires balanced and rotated at one location up the street from this Firestone, then roll over a little early to this appointment, and I here I was completely done with my alignment, oil change and previous maintenance, ALL within 1 hour and 15 minutes!  I don't know about you, but that's a world record for me!  Sooooo, I will definitely be returning to this location!
1	I seriously wish I can give this place a -5 star rating! It has been extremely frustrating never in my many years of being a firestone customer. I have trusted them to do the right thing and they have completely ruined my vehicle and expect me to pay more. I went in for a 4 hour job and it has been 4 days since I dropped it off and yet I still do not have my vehicle and they made the issue worse! The manager had the audacity to tell me things happen! Are you kidding me it was okay and now something is 10 times worse!! Are you kidding me! Not going back. I refuse pay for anymore services from firestone!
