4	This is the temple of cheap lunch! They have good casual food at very cheap price.
4	A good place to go. A local fixture in the borough. Opens early for the breakfast. Usually closes at 1 AM.Has a full meal menu (including soup and desert) where you can eat for 10-12 dollars.
5	I thought this place was "Restaurant Lafayette"- don't recall anything about a hotdog.  Oh well.$7 for OJ, Coffee, 2 eggs, 2 french toasts, 4 bacon, 2 toast, roasted potatoes, and a fruit salad? Um. Yes please.Great food, cheap prices, doesn't look like a secret, but well worth a detour to Papineau Metro for a cheap and filling meal.
4	This is a real good place to go eat. I love the food over there. The price are a real bargain and their portions are huge! The place isn't too fancy, but they know the food is more important. Last I was there, the waitress was a real pain, she was slow and messed up my friend order, beside taking 30 minutes to bring us the bill... usually they're faster, so hopefully it was the exception.
4	This is my go-to place for a nice inexpensive breakfast or a juicy burger.  The people are nice, service is fast and the food is good.
5	This is a "go to"  for me and my man! The poutine is cheap, big and one of the best we have tried in town. Their pizza is actually really delicious too! The service is fantastic here, always. It's has a very American diner feel to it. Good variety, good service, good prices and tasty food!
5	best diner around and its open early and stays open late. The breakfast there was phenomenal! Just like being back in the US.....well except that the waiter who spoke french and broken english was from mexico and not Montreal. It is amazing how many people we thought were local that came from somewhere else. Our waiter was one of them. the place was owned by greeks who know how to run diners (most diners in jersey are owned by greeks) The portions were generous and the ingredients fresh. the place was clean and bright and had 'tude. Love it. I am just sorry we didn't notice the place when we first arrived cause I would have just eaten there for breakfast, lunch, and dinner!
5	Really good "cheap restaurant". Poutine, burgers... I recommend their chinese macaroni. Good breakfasts too... The waiters are really nice and friendly, the owners (greek) are joyful and everybody seems to love their job ! Nice place for a quick and non complicated meal !
5	My wife and I were in Montreal for the first time. Traffic was a nightmare, the public transportation system wasn't differently-abled-people friendly, and we hadn't brushed up on our French beforehand so communication was sometimes an issue.But Lafayette, which happened to be in walking distance of our B&B, was a Godsend. Normally when we travel we don't visit the same restaurant twice because we want to experience different things. This time we agreed we were getting dinner there on our second night too.The food was great. I just got poultine, but as far as comfort food goes Quebec has America beat. First night was plain old regular poultine, second night was the Lafayette poultine which was topped with hamburger and onions. My wife got the chicken macaroni one night (this may have been the Chinese macaroni other reviewers are talking about - the menu was French and I made my orders without knowing 100% what I was getting.) I didn't think at first it looked that appetizing, but after my wife wasn't able to finish it and I took care of the rest (in the interest of not wasting food) I conceded that it would be perfectly delicious for whenever I'd need a brief break from poultine.The service was attentive. When one of the waitresses had very limited English she didn't act put out by our lack of French. The price was very reasonable.I've had good tasting poultine dishes in British Columbia but Lafayette's seemed more authentic. Now if only we could take public transportation from Olympia, WA to Montreal, QC so I could try the Italian poultine.
4	Consider this your typical diner with nothing fancy about it. i am a fan of places like this for the simple yet delicious food. Especially nice when you need to cure that hangover. The coffee and food are great for the price. Probably the best inexpensive diner in the area.
