4	I am a fan of this place, but its not as good as it gets.  It is one of the better Chinese food buffets I have ever been to, but only because of selection.  There is something for everyone here, and the people in charge let us bring our kids in and destroy the place and they seem to love em too.  The food is good, but not the best I have ever had, but I will keep going back to this place because of the selection and how easy it is to bring the kids without feeling like you are annoying everyone!
3	This place is your typical chinese buffet. They have the typical entrees: general tso's chicken, sesame chicken, beef and broccoli, chow mein noodles, fried rice, crab rangoon, egg rolls, egg drop soup, blah blah. On the plus side, every trip I took to the buffet they always had a pile of hot snow crab legs, steamed clams, and shrimp cocktail. At most chinese buffets you are waiting for them to refill these seafood items, but here they are always full. If your in the mood for seafood, and not chinese, you can come here and be satisfied.
4	I've really been in the mood for buffets lately, maybe it's hormones.  Anyway, this is a solid chinese/mongolian/sushi buffet that feels cleaner and somewhat fresher than many I've tried.  I actually avoid the regular chinese dishes which tend to be greasier and heavier that what I like.  For this place, I stick to the food that I can't get just anywhere including the oysters w/ jalepenos, peel and eat shrimp, cucumber salad, marinated calamari and a variety other interesting, not so common items like little dough balls filled with seaweed which are awesome, but I'm not sure what they're called.  Some of the standard appetizers are very good as well including the spring rolls and potstickers.  Actually, nothing I've tried here has not been good.  The hot and sour and egg drop soups are both very solid.  As far as the sushi selection, for an all you can eat buffet at $7.49 for lunch M-Sat, you cannot beat it.  There are at least 8-10 different types of rolls, nothing that will knock your socks off or compete with high end sushi joints, but very good for the money.  I've been getting a 15% off coupon in the mail every couple weeks, so with tax it's $6.89.  The service is always attentive and friendly.
5	This big, modern place features about 117 food choices, plus condiments!  This made for a great salad plate, with things like bow-tie seaweed that was so tasty it seemed to have just been harvested.  Then, there were lots of different veggies at the Mongolian Barbecue, four kinds of meat, including shrimp, & it was terrific!Everything else was good, too, & there were high value treats such as Chinese Snow Peas fixed three different ways, big asparagus spears, cooked just to the right tenderness from top to bottom, various shrimp, crab, & fish dishes, & so on.They have signs bragging, "We're one of the Top 100 Chinese Restaurants in America."  Could be!    :-))Lunch Buffet is $7.49 on Mon-Sat.  Yum!
4	Yup I drove all the way across town to have dinner with some friends tonight and yup it was worth it. You really do have tons of options to choose from. I mean they had crab legs, chinese bbq ribs, Mongolian bbq, steamed asparagus, green beans, orange chicken, crab won-tons, you name it. I am licking my lips as I type, remembering all the yummy food that I had. The young lady that was taking care of us was really friendly and we all got 15% off of our meal due to the coupon that we had so double score. If you live in the area, try this place out. The food is plentiful, the staff are friendly, and the price is just right. Its a triple win situation.
1	I'm writing to save you so money.  My husband and I went to for dinner over an hour before closing time and were extremely disappointed.  Over half the items were empty and the ones that were there had a spoonful left.  Not one item we ate was warm/ hot.  I could forgive all that if they had the basics, but they didn't.  The food we were actually able to eat was not good at all.  I had a salad, something you would think is hard to screw up, not here.  The lettuce was completely drowned in water.  They did have a Mongolian BBQ station  for you however, it was already cleaned and this was not an option for us.  Maybe it would be better earlier but I can't imagine by much.
5	It's been almost 10 months since my original review of this big, lovely restaurant, so it was time to get back over here & see how they're doing.  This business enjoys the same ownership as the wonderful Jen Buffet in Chandler, so it really came as no surprise to me that it's still 5-Stars.Lynn W. & her daughter Claire joined me today, & we feasted on the even-bigger-than-last-time selection of 127 food items, not counting sauces & dressings!  Every bite of it was delicious too, from the just-made Sushi to the Banana Cream Pie for dessert!  All the food was presented at the right temperature, all the trays were kept fresh, the service was cheerful, & the Mongolian BBQ had the same extensive selection that you see at stand along Mongolian BBQs.  The pricing is excellent too, & they don't use MSG, if you're concerned about that.  :-))Lunch Buffet $7.49, $6.74 Sr.
5	Out of the Rand approved buffets I have tried so far, this one is my favorite. Claire and I met Rand here for another leisurely lunch.  We were greated and drink orders taken and off we went to inspect the spread.  There is mongolian bbq, a sushi bar, and all the standard items you would find at a chinese buffet.  Everything was hot and fresh and delisious.  The ratio of meat to veggies in the broccoli beef was great!  The coconut shrimp was not too sweet.  The orange chicken was very good as well.  The Lo Mein was wonderful with the noodles being done just right.  The fried rice has a good amount of egg and veggies as well.  And the string beans had a lovely sauce on them and some nice garlic but not too much.  Nicely done!  Egg rolls were NOT greasy and the crab rangoon was very good too.  There was a large array of fruit as well as cookies and frozen yogurt for dessert.  Service was great, drinks filled and plates cleared fast.  The restaurant was clean and comfortable.  Even when it got busy it did not feel crowded at the buffet.The prices was very resonable and for kids under 10 you can't beat $3.99! Claire enjoyed the fried chicken wings, shrimp, and won tons.  And went back for more!  Of course she had frozen yogurt for dessert too!Overall all I was very pleased.
4	This buffet is a couple blocks from my house.  My family and I decided to give it a try more for the location than for anything else.  We were all pleasantly surprised.  The food was good and hot.  Let's face it, in the end it's buffet food so it's never gonna be gourmet, right?  But if you hold China City Super Buffet up next to it's peers, it easily stands above the crowd.  The "sushi" (again, it's a buffet, so I didn't go with huge expectations) was good.  There is a BBQ station that was tasty.  The entree dishes were plentiful, varied and well prepared.I read the review that mentions the servers speaking badly about the customers in Mandarin.  While I did notice that they were very hesitant to speak English with us, I did not get the sense that anyone was making derogatory remarks.  Who knows, maybe ignorance is bliss?Bottom line, I will be back.  Probably often.  :)
5	Our favorite Chinese buffet in the East Valley.  We've tried most of them.  Best quality, temperature & selection. Only one better place was in Las Vegas, but not on the strip; can't remember its name. GermanGenealogistDotCom
2	The food actually quite nice. But the service was not really nice. It was the first time for me in there and once I took the second plate, they took my glass (they though I am finish) and forgot to put it back. When I asked, "excuse me, where is my glass?" The waiter said, "Oh, I will get a new one!" without say sorry. It was a small problem, but quite unconfortable for me to go back there.
4	Well another really good Chinese buffet. This place had all your typical Chinese buffet fare plus a little more.The salt and pepper shrimp were real good and they had roast beef on a stick that tasted like char broiled steak that was a little spicy (real good). Actually everything I ate was pretty good the only thing that stops me from giving them five stars is the dessert selection was a little weak, But other than that everything is good (Yay I am a fan).
5	THIS PLACE WAS SO AMAZING! :) I'VE BEEN TO ABOUT 100 DIFFERENT CHINESE BUFFETS BUT THIS ONE IS SO GREAT.. THEY HAVE SO MANY DIFFERENT SELECTIONS I DIDNT EVNE MAKE MY WAY ALL AROUND :) THEY HAVE crab legs there and they are so good.. they had so much meat in them more than red lobster. & all the people were nice.. and my 1 year old ate everything i gave her from there and loved it. SUch a great place.. im deffinatly going back. :) -Paige.18 Mesa,az
4	Great buffet, sushi,  crab, honey walnut shrimp etc. Variety to choose from. 5 stars if it had better desserts.
1	I ate at this place for the first time and OMG! I seriously cannot see how anyone can give this place a good review. I walked in and no one acknowledged our existence. 3 women were standing there and did not even look up or say hello. We ate there anyways after finally getting a seat. The buffet food was horrible! All of the meat dishes were gross regardless of what it was. It didn't even look like meat. The chicken, the BBQ, the roast beef (very rubbery), and even the fish was gross. After the first sample plate I decided to eat only the vegetables and that too did not have flavor.  The spring rolls were bad and the ice cream was even bad. How can you mess up on serving decent ice cream? Ok... There is also a sign that they have up that says " 20% fee for anyone that wastes food". I don't waste food but I guess you have to do what you have to do.   All of the employees there seemed pissed off and no one smiled at all. It was just not a place that has any respect and I felt that could care less if we came back. So with that being said- I do not recommend anyone eating here. I really hate writing bad reviews but I am only stating the facts here.
3	I am frightened to endorse any Chinese Buffet since I know many are two stars better or MOST likely worse the next visit but this one was maybe close to four stars the day I was there for the kind of food it is and I most likely won't visit this one again since I  don't go to this area often.But the day we were there they has little mini kabobs and they were decent....not like like awesome gourmet but like your neighbor made them for you,beef ,chicken meatballs and really good red snapper that was tasty and impressive moist and seasoned tasty. They had some dark meat chicken that was moist and flavorful it was rolled and roasted in it's skin with salt and pepper...I guess what really impressed me was that everything did taste different and wasn't a bottled sauce like the one major Buffet that I think might use bottled sauce. vegetable dishes I sampled were good lightly sauced not oily or overly sweet.They had less sushi and the desserts than other places but.. they were OK and fresh and well kept.Over all I have to say this place was better than the majority Chinese buffets I've been too.Service was very good. But I am frightened to endorse since I know they change like the wind here. (or the Great Haboobs)
2	This was quite bad. Do yourself a fbir ad drive an extra 5 miles to Signal Butte and the 60 if you must have crappy buffet food. At least that place is decent.
4	We arrived suitably hungry and were not displeased by the offerings that we found.  This is not a sushi restaurant, so don't expect the best in town, but the sushi was adequate.Everything else that we tried was very tasty and well prepared.  Hot items were hot enough. Beef and pork items were not overcooked to shoeleather toughness which is not uncommon in buffets. It's all good.  My only criticism is the crayfish that was served cold. When cold they are hard to eat properly. Twist the head off and the tail meat was almost impossible to dig out of the shell rather than sliding right out. (These folks have never been to Louisiana.)   Oh, skip the fake ice cream too.All in all, the meal was filling and delicious with more choices than we could try.  The help was efficient but silent, with not much to say other than hollering at each other in Chinese when it got busy. I was amused.We shall be going back again.
2	I went today for first time. Sat quickly, waited 15 minutes for water and sodas. Most of the food was barely warm, apple pie dough not cooked enough, shushi was ok, fried chicken good, crispy and hot. Noodles cold, deserts inimpressive, waitress never came by to ask if we needed anything, to busy chatting with each other. Didn't see any noodle-vegetable-meat combos. Broccoli by itself, chicken by itself, pork by itself, cold noodles by their self, etc. Could've used some Mongolian Beef or Chicken, Moo Goo Gai Pan, Pepper Steak, etc. They did have Snow Crab but they aren't worth the work. The Spring rolls were great. Sunday (today) was $12.50 a person, drink extra. Probably will not return.
3	Not a bad place all things considered, especially the price, they have beer specials often, the kalbi, and garlic bread are good.
4	Not bad. Place was also pretty clean.
3	This is just your average run of the mill all you can eat buffet. This place is a little more expensive than other places and the food is the same or a little bit better, depends on what you eat. I like the sushi selection that they have here, it is some of the best I have tasted as far as all you can eat. They did not charge for my daughter who was 5, I did not see age sign posted but since they charge $17 a person am glad they didn't charge for her. I would go back but at these prices they have to be once a month.
1	The food was okay. The service was horrible. We felt very rushed because the waitress kept coming back to take our plates and the last time was before one of us had finished our food. It was 9:35 and the waitress came to collect our money for the bill without even asking nicely. She said they needed to close out the till. How rude! Won't be going back.
1	Will not return. Our food was cold, didn't taste good & service was not friendly.
4	After several visits to this China City I have to say that I still enjoy the place, & nothing is wrong except that I find the dining room layout just a bit uncomfortable compared to those of my favorite Chinese Buffets, so I'm going to lower them to 4 Stars.  With that said, I still think they're putting on an excellent Buffet here, & it's just me!     :-)
2	I had an enjoyable visit to the resturant because I was with great company.  This buffet has a large variety of food, some good, some not so good.  I would have kicked in another star but the odor from the restroom wafted into the dinning area.
3	Good buffet, all you can eat style restaurant. good variety of sea food, and some sushi, although i didn't eat any, my brother said it was good. good place to go for the price.
1	We were craving chinese and sushi so we decided to go to here at 8:45pm. Bad idea. There was no sushi left. The cook and the manager were standing by the bar so I asked them if they had any left. They said something in chinese and pointed to what I believe was the server. I found out they close at 9:30pm. What was left was very little options and very picked by the other customers. There were little spoonfuls of food left and what was left was cold. They did bring me white rice when I found out they were out of it. The fried shrimp was greasy. Many food options were gone and the hot plates were already cleaned out. Before paying my $27.36 I told the cashier to please relay to the management I was dissappointed there was no sushi and that the food that was remaining was cold. She did not seem to care. I see that this lesson to not return cost me $27.36. Its a shame too because I live around the corner from here. I guess I will just make the drive to Krazy Buffet the next time. Don't waste your time here. This was a Chinese food place but there was nothing Super about this buffet. I am net to Yelp and I never complain but this experience was bad enough that I had to voice my opinion. I see from the thread that other people had visited this same restaurant on Power Road in the evening and had a similiar bad ex[erience  with the food.  From now on, I am going to use YELP more!
4	I gave this place 4 stars because they have a lot of choices AND a stir fry area where  you can choose your meats and veggies and they will do it up for you the way you want it. The waitress/server we had was really freindly, I asked for tea as my beverage and was suprised she brought me my own kettle! So I didnt have to keep asking for more. The food was well cooked and didnt have any problems with it. The Restaurant itself was clean and smelled nice.Good selectionof food, I have eaten at alot of Buffetts and this place had the largest selection of sushi. They must have had about 9 diffrent sushi's available. They also had Ginger on the side.For a cheap price and lots of choices, this place good.
4	It has been awhile since I have been to a good buffet. The people were very friendly and very attentive to my plates and my drink. They had a very wide variety to choose from when it came to hot and cold foods. The food was tasty but most of all the restaurant was very clean. They had a very nice sushi bar to choose from and the price was not bad at all. You can't go wrong if you are in the mood for some Chinese food. I think you will enjoy your experience.
4	This has become my go-to place for a buffet in the East Valley as the quality and variety is top of the line for the price ($13/person if I remember correctly)... They have crab legs, custom sushi bar, mongo. grill, etc...
3	Its a chinese buffet, the mongolian was not good imo but I have been to very good Mongolian restaurants. the sushi while not great its not that bad. and they do have some good entries in the buffet.
1	We went there last nite, 3/7/13, the time was approx 630 and there were lots of cars so thought we would try it.  We were seated promptly but that is where the service stopped. As we entered, there was a young lady talking on her phone while sweeping the floor. I thought this unusual.  We were instructed to help ourselves. I went a checked out the selection and all of the food appeared to be stale and old.  I asked the fry cook if he could make beef and pea pods with beef sauce and he didn't understand a word I said. So I followed the instruction and informed him teriaki sauce and when he was done it was just beef, pea pods and no sauce of any kind.  I tried the sweet and sour shrimp and the shrimp was tough and chewey. I then tried the fried rice and it was cold.  Meanwhile the girl was still on the phone and was just walking around. My friend had a variety of dishes and had the same experience.  Not once did a server come by and ask how it was or needing a refill on drinks. But the bill came and to my surprise it was astronomical for the quality of the food and service, the amount was $27.77.  I could have steak and potatoes for that price.  When I asked about the girl on the phone, which was approx 45 minutes after we entered, the hostess said it was the owners daughter . . makes sense.
4	This place has a very large selection of food to choose from. It was very tasty and flavorful, especially the Pot stickers and walnut shrimp. I went for lunch with my two sons and it cost us $30, so the price wasn't bad at all.I'm planning on going back again another day for dinner because that's when they put the crab legs out. Only thing that annoyed me was the waitresses coming by every five minutes asking if everything was alright. I don't mind them checking on us but it was a bit too much, I like to be able to eat in peace, other than that this place was nice.....
1	This Place is a disgrace Never come here again look at what i found in the soup a ROACH!!!!
5	The food is very good. They make the sushi right in front of you. The prices are reasonable. I like the stir fry grill. You pick out a plate of items from the buffet table and they stir fry them for you. It's like having your own personal stir fry. There is a large selection of food to choose from. This is my favorite Chinese restaurant
3	Well, I'm not a fan of buffets in general and certainly not Chinese food buffets as they tend to be overly greasy and laden with MSG. Even though this place certainly wasn't fine dining, it was pretty good food as far as buffets go. They had a decent variety of entree items. Some did not look appetizing to me but the ones I tried fortunately were all a-ok. My personal favorite was the shumai (but aren't those always good?)
4	For a Chinese buffet, this place is great.
5	Finally got back around to this rather distant (for me) Buffet to see how they're doing, this time joined by Robyn N.  Here's what it was like today:*  Cheerful, friendly staff.*  Generous selection of 117 food items, plus sauces & dressings.Some of my favorite items today were:*  Delicious Hot & Sour Soup!*  Unusual selection of tasty Sushi.*  Two different kinds of seaweed, both good.*  Good Mongolian BBQ with beef, chicken, pork & shrimp.*  Rather wide selection of tasty seafood.*  The food taste and temperature, room ambiance, temperature, lighting, acoustics & so on were all excellent today and made this lunch outing lots of fun!     :-))Monday through Saturday Lunch Buffet:  $7.99/$7.19 Sr.
1	Nice friendly staff...too bad the FOOD was the worst that I have had in a while.  The food was cold and the spicy shrimp still had the nasty vein still in EACH shrimp.  I cannot believe they served the shrimp with such obvious dark veined UNCLEAN shrimp...sorry, it needed to be repeated.  There was not one dish that I enjoyed, except maybe the watermelon.  It was such a disappointment, especially since we were charged $8.50 for lunch.  Not that that is an outrageous amount, but you would think they would serve some hot food and  food that was at least edible.  Even my crab puffs where cold and not at all appetizing.  I can imagine they had to raise the prices because they have lost customers due to the food and it's lack of edibility (LOL, I know, it's a new form of word usage).  I tried each chicken dish, the Orange Chicken, no good...the Spicy Shrimp, already said...the General  Tsao's Chicken, no good...Coconut Shrimp, cold, cold, cold...not very tasty either...the Fried Fish, not good...looked like mystery fish, the tarter was no good...Chicken  Wings, dry and cold.  I had at least a taste of over ten (10) dishes, they were all cold and I did not enjoy one of them  I might have had something nice to say about the green beans but they were too cold to judge.  I would advise you to not go here, I suggest Linn's on Baseline and 40th.  Much better and worth the cost.
1	I usually frequent this restaurant a lot.  It's usually good to alright but I just had a bad experience this time.  First, they cater to the old farts that come into town.  I mean, their food is catered to the Snowbirds which is crab legs, shrimp, not too much in other food choices.  I am usually ok with that but this time it was sub par.  They didn't have wontons in the Wonton Soup when we asked they took 10 minutes to put some out.  The peel and eat shrimp were black on the edges like they overcooked them.  My husband usually gets Sweet and Sour Chicken.  They didn't have that.  Oh yes!  He had butter shrimp and got sick!  When we complained to the waitress or whatever you are going to call her since it was a buffet, she started laughing at me.  I didn't want my meal for free, but I wanted to tell her to get the manager over, but she didn't get the hint.  Don't get me wrong, this might have been a bad night because I've been there several times and the food was excellent.  It was a crowded Friday night, but for the 2 of us, it cost $26.00 for crap!  I might never go there again!  See ya China City!  Stop Catering to the old farts that come into town for a couple of months and start catering to your real customers that come all year round!
5	One of the best buffet in east mesa. My kids love it. Reasonable price for everyone. I would recommend this place.
4	One of the one times I'm glad I saved a coupon from my Valpak in the mail, got a 15% coupon off the dine in buffet! On the weekends dinner is $12.49 and with the coupon we only ended up paying$11.72 tax included! My hubby didn't eat cuz he doesn't like Chinese but I was happy! They had sushi, Mongolian and Chinese, also a small section of American food. The waitresses are very nice and was always checking on us! You pay after you eat, which is new to me because most places make you pay first. Also just a warning make sure you eat all your food because they charge you 20% extra on your bill if you waste food! Overall was a good dinner experience, taking away a star for having to tell the buffet refreshers twice that they needed to bring out more crab legs lol.
3	Very standard as far as buffets go. With a good seafood selection, sushi and respectable dishes (keeping in mind that Mesa is not the culinary Center of United States) I think everyone can put this on their list of "okay" places to eat.
4	Food was excellent! The servers stayed up on keeping our drinks filled up! Only problem I have with this place is sometimes their food was mis labeled. It would say sesame chicken but it was Mongolian beef. So they could get better at this. Other then that, it's a must try Buffett!
5	love this buffet. Best Chinese buffet I've been to since moving to AZ
2	The food was pretty good overall but if you are going there to have oysters don't do it. My wife and I had the oysters last Friday night, and we were sicker than a dog on Saturday and Sunday.
1	Decided to go here again last night with the family (not my choice). Didn't try the sushi or anything risky but was still up all night with #2. So was my mother. Havent been in over a year and a half and def will never return.
2	The food was ok.. When they have it. I counted 8 empty pans. The ice cream was the consistency of milk. All this for $12.49?!!!!!! I got ripped off
1	I went here on a Sunday with my SO. I first got up there and loaded up sushi, rice noodles, some chicken, mushrooms, and a bowl of hot and sour soup. The soup was very bland. I had been very excited about this prospect because someone in an earlier review said it was awesome. It was more watery than anything. The sushi was actually bad. I remembered picking it up and it was dripping with liquid (the sashimi).They have a sign that says something to the effect that if you don't finish your plate you'll be charged 20% more. This isn't right since half their stuff is flavorless (the stuff we had).$30 for two people on Sunday for lunch at this place was not worth it. We'll stick with Osaka, pay $20 more, for great food and service.
5	This is an excellent buffet. They have a wide variety of food, including an extensive sushi selection. Everything was hot and fresh, and the price was right. We'll be back!
3	Well worth it around 12 bucks for dinner ,the food was tasty, descent variety crab legs are always a plus
1	This place has seriously gone downhill !! We have been coming here for years and the quality had been good, then okay and has progressed to horrible! Tonight we arrived at 645 pm to a nearly empty buffet! To our disappointment it stayed that way throughout most of our meal, only a few items were replaced on the line. So in the end we paid over 50 bucks for nothing ! We will not return and might I suggest that you don't either !
1	The servers are so unfriendly (seriously) here and the soda is always flat, tea is instant and cloudy. If you want sushi you have to find someone that will make it and they are not in a hurry. The owners wife hangs out talking with the waitresses and lets her kids run around. My son loved this place for some reason so I have been more times than I care. Now we have found a better place down the street off Signal Butte :)
5	This is the best Chinese buffet I've ever been to.  It is very clean, the food tastes fresh and delicious, and the staff is very friendly and helpful.  We'll definitely be regulars.
4	This buffet was good! They had a huge selection of food and sauces. I think the cost is a little pricey, I understand it's because of the crab legs and seafood options but I wasn't interested in that.Husband said the sushi was fresh and good. The restaurant was clean and the food was hot and there were no empty trays.The only reason it's 4 stars and not 5 was because of the signs plastered everywhere warning you of a 20% increase for wasted food. I only take what I think I can eat but when I was finished it had me worried that I was going to be charged for the 2 pieces of meat and leftover salad that I couldn't finish.
4	For 7.50 a great value. With the selection of  seafood and wide variety of different cuisines you couldn't go to store and purchase that for the amount charged. The flavor isn't high end but good enough. Only one complaint is the temperature. Could be a lot warmer.
