5	There is only one asset, that you can not purchase in Vegas, Miami, Ibiza, or other places where good times can rain down, but lines get long.. that  asset is your time.  Do not Waste it! I have been going to Vegas for 15 years and been using Joe as a host for about 3 years.  Hot knife thru butter is not even a close description to what going out in Vegas is like Joe as your host.  I don't think I have spent more than an 5 minutes waiting for entry anywhere.   Everyone is glad to see Joe, his reputation is impeccable.Joe is a true professional; timely, accurate and honest are just a few things I would use to describe him.  Plus as a client of Joe's you can tell him what you require; do you want to get buy 2 get 1 free bottle service.  Joe has those types of arrangements, it is very rare that I pay full retail a $500 to $700 discount is no joke.I am an American Express Black Card holder and I am telling them to use Joe for other card holders in Las Vegas.Joe is the real Black Card concierge in that town..
5	I have had several experiences with Joe dating back to 2006. Joe is, and always has been an excellent host. He has made every experience seamless from transportation, to getting into clubs, to drinks, to after parties, to hotels. He has taken on my gaggle of 10 girls with humility and has never acted in an unprofessional way. I have had many other Vegas hosts, but I can honestly say that Joe is the best. He set up my Bachelorette party and recommended and planned excellent places to go. My friends had a blast and were impressed that everything was planned to a T and that they did not have to worry about anything (ie. getting from place to place, getting in, drinks, creepy guys, etc.). I think that says a lot considering we were all a little intoxicated. If you want VIP treatment and you want to experience the awesomeness of Vegas, you NEED to have Joe as your host. He has been a staple in my Vegas experience!!
5	King of night clubs Is the best to book events. The owner Joe always madeSure my group and I had a great time. He's very informative, oranized and helpful with everything. His parties are always a blast!!! Joanne
