2	So I have had 2 experiences at Libretto's.  The first one was great, it was around 5 on a Wednesday and there was a really pleasant guy working behind the counter who amicably informed me of the prices and the best way to get out of there for cheap. However the 2nd time I went, it was not that great at all. I convinced one of my coworkers to try this neat pizza place instead of Five Guys to change it up a little, not the change we were looking for. When I ordered the 2 pepperoni slices, I'm sorry they are called "roni" slices here, I was a little disappointed to see the guy behind the counter take a slice of cheese pizza and put pepperoni on it. Not that I am a pizza expert, I just think a piece of pepperoni, should always be a piece of pepperoni from inception to birth, it just seemed inauthentic. And when I did order, the cash register guy asked me if I told the other guy behind the counter what I ordered, you have to order before you order here as well. I also wanted a diet coke fountain drink, but when I drank it at my desk, it was regular coke, for $2.00. My favorite part was when my total was rung up, I asked how much it cost and he told me $8 with Cash, $8.66 for Credit. So now we are paying for the fact they use credit cards there. Yes the customer is paying for using their own credit card. My coworker got a 20 oz bottled Coke for $2.20, seems a little high, so be on the lookout for that. The pizza itself was comparable to Fuel and not nearly as great as Brixx, so keep all of the above in mind when looking for pizza in Uptown Charlotte.
4	The hot cherry peppers are a must if you like spicy on your pizza.  The seating is limited so be ready to stand and eat if need be,  If coming after the nightlife, make sure you get there before the 2am rush.  Fresh, clean, and reasonably priced.  It is good New York style pizza, the kind you can fold in half and eat!
3	Stopped by the EpiCentre on a Sunday afternoon to catch a game and eat some pizza. Libretto's pizza seemed like the right place to be. The atmosphere was good, the service was friendly and very efficient. I ordered a pepperoni calzone and it was good and tasty. My husband had a hot sandwich...it looked good too.It's a smaller joint, but it seems to accommodate to the large groups. It also caters to the casual, sporty crowd. Go for pizza, game-watching, and beer drinking...it just has a good atmosphere for that!
4	In Charlotte by myself on business and I hate to eat alone. I like places like Libertto's for situations like this. Personal size pizza and MNF was a good was to spend the evening. The staff was very friendly too.
4	I have had the pizza to go and it was AMAZING! I have also been there for lunch and got the calzone, also wonderful. The service was a little slow for being a lunch place down town. It took about 20 mins to get our food and 15 mins to get our check. I wish it faster for the lunch crowd but still the food was wonderful so I will go back..
4	For delivery this place is great. The chicken Parma pizza is awesome.
1	Ive been to this place like 5 times in the past 2 weeks(I dont leave there spending less that 20), but after yesterday I will never go back.  It was the place to go after you get a couple drinks and then grab a bite. Yesterday I was at Strike City went outside to smoke some waitress from the pizza joint snapped at me and told I couldnt sit there and had to go to the other side.  Its really not that serious, you could have just asked instead of being a bit*h. So I went in and talked to the manager who was just as much of a tool bag as she was.  Dude I manage a couple restaurants.  Just apologize, sugar coat and move on with your day.  That is all you had to do was say you are sorry and you will take care off it.  Screw this place their pizza is not THAT GOOD. It is just like fuel pizza.  Pizza Peel is awesome(cotswold).
5	Enormous menu w/ lots & lots of options - salads, sandwiches, pasta & pizza - either whole or by the slice.....ANNNND there's thin or *thick* crust We went here twice in the 3 days I was in Charlotte.  My tummy was thankful.... waistline, not so much but who listens to such a silly body partWe got slices & a whole pie & they were pretty consistent: Pizza Bianca for me - creamy ricotta & lots of mozz w/ an awesome white sauce make this a creamy, chewy slice that I couldn't get enough of Veggie Pizza - no olives which was perfect for my coworker - I would have rated down for this but it was perfect for him Zitti Pizza - kinda bland & carby in a bad way & coming form me, that's saying something. The starches from the pasta (& there wasn't a lot of it) & the overabundance of cheese gave me a tummy ache [ But then, the next morning, it was *great* cold. So note - hot pasta pizza bad, cold pasta pizza good ]    .....   you may notice how I *did* eat it again but come on, everything deserves a 2nd chance, right?Spinach Salad (you *know* this wasn't mine!).... coworker was completely impressed by this salad w/ its veggies & hard-boiled egg but was hoping for a bacon dressing instead of the Balsamic Vinaigrette but claimed it was still impressively tasty.... I say yuck all around but he luved it Best tip: stick w/ the Bianca!  Wonder if I can get that in a thick crust variety.....Ending assessment? I now have to work Libretto's into my Charlotte rotation for every trip....so many more menu items to experience!
3	Pizza is great but the service is hit or miss! Sit inside!
4	Tried it for the first time at lunch on Friday. Menu had all the Italian standards. I had the cheese ravioli and it was delicious. The portion was just the right size, so I didn't go back to the office and struggle to stay awake for the rest of the day. Definitely will be making this at least a once-a-week lunch spot during the work week.
3	For a slice on the go, Libretto's is pretty much aces, IMO. I'm usually hitting up this particular pizza palace late night when I've been watching the fist pumping at Alive After Five for 20 minutes too long. So, yeah, I just want a feed the hungry monster and get on my way home. Libretto's is pretty basic inside: a front room with a handful of hightops and a back room with standard tables and TV's (I have never been back here). Every time I've been in here (granted it's been after 9 pm each time), I've found tons 'o intoxicated peeps and some folks who were working way too late at the bank of choice. The food is decent and pretty basic - it's a good slice of pizza on the run. I usually order a slice of cheese or their tomato and mozzarella. They warm your order in the oven, you pay and you're on your way. The service isn't much to speak of - they're friendly and efficient, so that works for me. When I'm hungry and looking to grab some 'za in a hurry, Libretto's is a solid choice.
4	Wow I really love Libretto's pizza! Ive gone twice and both times my pizza was fresh, hot, and tasty! There are many choices to choose from - some very unique, some standard. The pizza is NY style (wooohooo) it's thin and crispy. Both times I went for a white version pizza (white veggie, and Pizza Bianca) - so I can't attest to the red sauce but these two were scrumptious. There are other options available too, garlic knots (they were good!), pasta, salads, sandwiches etc....and it's open late!My only complaint (why I didn't give it 5 stars) is that it's a bit pricey (almost $5 a slice-yikes!). I also heard a rumor that come 1-2 am when the post bar drunkies come in they charge whatever they feel like....geez l hope that's not true!I think they need to get some good specials going for the lunch crowd and this place should do very well.I will be back to get my slice of NY ....couldn't resist the cliche sorry : )
4	I had no idea this was in Ballantyne and knew nothing about it when I went. I was with my two young kids and was having my oil changed across the street. Love the pizza. My new favorite in Charlotte. AS close to NY as I've found. My 4 year old loves pizza but he's really particular. He loved it too.  Service was pretty slow and it wasn't even crowded. Lucky for me - and everyone else - my kids weren't in terror mode. And the wait staff seemed kind of lost. Like they didn't know what to do with themselves. I thought it was a seat yourself kind of place because when we walked in no one came near us.But I'll go back for the pizza.
4	I used to go to the Uptown location for a slice for lunch or after the bar.  And it was always really good.  Then on Friday we went to the Ballantyne location and ordered a pie and a salad.  Salad was good, but the pizza had that sogginess until you hit the crust area, and that is not a quality I enjoy in my NY style pizza.  So I guess the lesson learned is their reheated slices are where it's at!!
4	This isn't the dirty martini talking, it's me, P, I mean Pourina. I've had many opportunities to frequent Librettos, ahem both of me; The "don't feed after midnight" Gremlin and soft spoken, professional Gizmo on weekdays. While the Gremlin devours just about anything after midnight, Librettos seems to be the most frequent haven for the calamity, mischief, and ruckus lurking after a nauseating (and it's not 'cause of the drinks) good time at Suite. In this current state, the beast in me would have given it a full five stars, but I'm a horrible drunk texter/yelper. So lets wait until I no longer mix up my Os with my Ss. Black out, wake up a 12 hours later and I've returned my my normal self...I think.  Why am I naked? Wait, did I have Librettos last night? Cuz I'm craving pizza. Returning to Librettos during the day is a battle in itself. Not only does the rational me not want to pay for parking at the Epicentre, but paying for parking to have a cheap lunch of $3 sliced pizza? That makes a whole lot of sense. I must still have some Gremlin lurking in me. I must still be drunk. During the daylight hours it looks strangely familiar, yet as foreign as my native country. To my surprise Librettos has waitresses. Servers and hostesses? Really? You mean, I don't order at the counter and wait for my pie? (Which for the record is FASTER than sitting down and having a waitress take your order of sliced pizza). Yep, I'm still drunk. I haven't and won't order anything else from the menu, but I can assure you, the pizza here will satisfy any monster. Gizmo's tip: Heat up cold Libretto's pizza on a big skillet to recreate that crispy hot crust (if it fits). Just don't do it in your Gremlin state, you might hurt yourself.
4	You know, even us bred Chicagoans can respect a well done slice of the thin stuff.  And I respect Libretto's pizza.  Heck, I downright like the stuff.  I got a slice of the veggie pizza, and I could actually *taste* the veggies... but you know, in a good way.  They tasted fresh.  None of that slimy canned nonsense.  There was a light smattering of sauce, sufficient cheese (you don't want too much cheese or too chunky a sauce on a thin crust) and the crust was delightfully crispy.  It was just a well constructed piece of pie.Now, the contentious point between myself and David X. was the grease factor.  I really enjoyed the freshness, the minimal grease on the slice.  David X. felt that his slice of mushroom would have benefited from a nice grease slather.  Well, I suppose that comes from a preference point.  If you're a greasehound, you will not be pleased here.  But if you actually kind of like tasting every ingredient on the pizza, if you're the type who sometimes looks at a Sbarro's slice and then runs through a napkin or two trying to clean it up, then you'll appreciate Libretto's. Heck yeah I'll be back.
5	WOW.. I swear that I reviewed this place already.. Maybe I reviewed it in my dreams because after I ate this pizza I thought I was in heaven.  Seriously!!  Best pizza in all of Charlotte! Scouts honor.. Each slice was large and perfectly melty and crispy at the same time (That right.. I said Melty and Crispy).  I am a huge pepperoni fan and I am salivating right now thinking about a slice.  If you are uptown, this is a must stop!  It is right in the Epicentre on the ground floor.  Price per slice is a little pricey (around $3) but it is certainly worth every penny.  Enjoy!-Ian M.
4	I initially was unimpressed with Libretto's the first time we went. We had each ordered pastas and salad and although decent, they were also not anything great. However, I have since returned grabbing a quick slice of pie, of which they usually have 8 varieties available. I judge pizza places on how good their plain cheese pizza is, and Libretto's is some of the best I have had in Charlotte. It is great to be able to get a quick slice or two here before an arena event. The pizza is not paper thin like most "NY Style" pizza places in Charlotte, the sauce has a slight sweetness to it, and the crust is crispy - not gooey. They also have a lunch special for about $6 that includes a slice or two (cannot remember), small salad and a drink, which is not a bad deal. The slices may not be as big as Luigi's, however they probably weight about the same due to the thicker dough as well as more (and better) cheese. There are plenty of NYC style pizza joints in Charlotte, but I don't think there is one whose only other location IS ACTUALLY IN NEW YORK CITY. The location in Manhattan is just another pizza joint there, but the Libretto's at Epicentre is above par for pizza in Charlotte. I have not been to the Ballantyne location yet although I live closer to that one. I'll let everyone know how that one stacks up too.
3	Great last night place in Epicentre. Connected to Strike City (pizza is brought in for bowlers and others!) this place is known for it's endless options, both for a full pie or a slice. I usually vary it up with 2 slices. Sausage is good and the margarita even better. Usually packed with folks who are getting the base of food they should have gotten before the 10 drinks they put in themselves. Seating is limited, but there are places to eat outside when the inside is full.
4	Really.  Good.  Pizza.  No joke.
4	I have to admit that I've only had their pizza, but with pizza that good, it's all I need. I stop in quite frequently after work. They have excellent crispy crust pizza, and the slices are huge. It's pretty basic- stand in line, grab your slice, and go. The line usually moves pretty fast too. My favorites are their Hawaiian, Pizza Bianca, and Fried Chicken Pizza. Be on the lookout for this one- sometimes they just call it Chicken & Tomato, but trust me, the chicken is fried and it's delicious.It's not that much of a problem, but the only awkward thing is the community tables. I find it a little off-putting to sit down at the end of a table of 6 strangers and then ask them to pass you the napkins, the red pepper flakes, etc. (And then listen to their conversation.) But the pizza usually goes down so fast it's not a huge problem.Just a tip- need the restroom? Go through the swinging door next to the cash register to Strike City. Similarly, if you're at Strike City and need a pizza, it comes from Libretto's.
4	Delicious and well-priced slices. Definitely going to marry the garlic knots one day. It's pretty packed on the weekends, especially after Alive After Five, but the service is quick.
4	If you are from NY, you understand how hard it is to find a *real* slice of pizza.  I've gotta say, Libretto's is the closest I've found to real deal.  I'll get the l"ate night, been drinking" experience out of the way first.  It is literally a slice of heaven at 2 AM.  However, if you must have Libretto's I'd advise leaving the bar a bit earlier than closing so you are not standing on a line out the door.  Also, be warned that on weekends there are usually 1-2 police officers controlling the crowd (although I've never seen anything get out of hand).  Maybe they get some free food?I don't award 5 stars because the 2 times I've called for a regular dinner delivery, I've been disappointed.  I want to clarify this by saying that I've only ordered a white pizza - not the usual pie. Both times it has been dry and overcooked.  I wouldn't be so picky accept for the fact that they are kinda pricey for a full pizza.  So of course, my expectations rise as the cost rises!  I would definitely recommend Libretto's.  However, they need to prove that they can deliver a good dish before they get my top notch rating!
4	Went here about two weeks ago before a Charlotte Checkers game with some friends (yeah I have a few :) ).  I love their pizza but already had leftover pie for lunch, so I ordered a chicken cutlet sandwich, which was like a mini sub cut in half.  The quality was decent, but the bread was like real Italian bread which isn't my thing.  It was a little too crunchy for a sub type sandwich.  It was also a little small for $8, and fries were $1.50 extra.  So fries, sandwich drink, tax, and tip is approaching $20.  The pizza is awesome here but the other food is average and overpriced.  If you go here, get the za, okay?
4	You have to try hard to screw up pizza.  Unfortunately there are some that try REALLY hard.  Libretto's isn't that place.  They do it right.  I actually prefer this location over going to Fuel b/c it never seems as crowded and the service seems quicker/better.I try to steer clear of eating unhealthy when I can, but when I need to indulge in some junk food, pizza's normally on my mind, and Libretto's really hit's the spot.This place is also a good spot for a late night bite to eat if you are into people watching as most people pouring out of the clubs and bars are hitting this place up to get some food to offset their drinking.  Makes for a very entertaining environment opinion.....so it's like dinner and a show :)
3	Libretto's is a good choice for an uptown slice.  They use quality ingredients, the crust is appropriately thin and crispy, toppings are top notch and, there is a nice variety vs. the usual, cheese or pepperoni at some places.  One thing that gives them the edge on Fuel is that they actually place there slices on the oven floor to heat up vs on a tray running through a conveyor belt oven contraption.  The result is a much crisper crust when you get to the biting.Really, I'd give 4 stars for the food but the 3 comes from the fact that you get the stink eye from some of the team when you order a couple slices and then sit at a table to eat it.  I would get it if the joint was packed but, when there are 8 empty tables around you and nobody waiting, what's the big deal?  One guy behind the counter seems particularly  grumpy on certain days.  Hungover perhaps?  He kind of has the face I get when in that state.  He is balanced out however by the woman with the braided pony tail.  She has the kindest eyes and warmest smile I've seen in a while and its appreciated.
4	Really good place. Seems to be owned and run like a true New Yorker. Pizza slices are generous. Although they have a full italian menu, I can only speak for the pizza. This place is good! You can keep it pretty cheap if you stick to cheese or pepperoni. But with that said, they have many exciting looking pizza varieties, but expect to pay a significant premium over a slice of cheese to try one.
3	This pizza is ok - not bad, not great, just ok, when compared with most pizza places. I was first disappointed in the fact that they don't have an option for a healthier wheat crust option.  Then, we ordered a margherita pizza, and they cheaped out by not using real tomatoes, and just put dollops of tomato sauce where the tomatos should be!  For the $10 price tag on a small pizza with 4 slices - really good for 1-2 people, you can definitely do better elsewhere - such as Brixx.
4	One of my favorite eats at 2 am, Libretto's caters to almost any carbohydrate craving you might be experiencing. While the pizza (New York style) is as good as it gets, I would much rather comment on the delicious Italian menu items listed on the blackboard. After all, $4.50 spent on a slice of sausage / pepperoni could be used instead, on a luscious cut of tiramisu. I decided to try out the Penne Vodka with Grilled Chicken. When I sampled my first bite, my teeth sank into the penne rather easily (was hoping for an 'al dente', but you won't find that in many places anymore unless its Michelin starred). My next sensation was the creamy, salty, tomato texture of the vodka sauce that coated each individual piece of pasta - the main reason why I think so highly of this dish. I broke the sauce down into its components in my mind and I was able to discern the fresh garlic, the plump chunks of tomato, the (double?) cream. I didn't get the impression that much, if any, of the dish was processed or preserved. The pasta was topped with freshly grilled chicken, which appeared to be escalloped or flattened with a tenderizer. I could see and taste the light char on the meat, which was finished with minced parsley - adding some nice green color. Everything goes together so well and the seasoning is perfect every time. I would also note that the garlic knots are the best I've had in this city and pair nicely with the tasty plates that Libretto's offers. Everything here will be a little more pricey than other restaurants in the area, but I'm always willing to pay a premium for the best. Venture out and try something other than the pizza! You might find yourself pleasantly surprised!4/5
4	Libretto's is in the Epicentre on the lower floor next between CVS and the bowling lanes.Note to new people: if you just want a slice, just walk up, order and then sit anywhere.  No need to wait to be seated unless you want to order off of the menu. Also it's helpful to grab yourself a drink first unless you want a fountain drink.  Drinks are in a case on the left.Alright now for the review: this is pretty good New York style pizza, it was authentic, hot, folded properly for one-handed dining (this is a good place to check scores), and just enough toppings.  Their pepperoni was my favorite.  I will be back for lunch.
3	The many different varieties of pizza type can match those of a snooty wine list, but Libretto's focuses primarily on New York style by the slice.  If you've been tainted by Fuel's inedible pizza by the slice, Libretto's will be your new mecca.  Large, thin slices are premade, popped in the oven upon order, and handed across the counter piping hot.  Dine-in can be a bit choppy, as tables fill up quickly and the ordering process varies whether you want pizza (order at the counter before sitting) or pasta/salads/sandwiches (seat yourself and order from your server).  The menu is large, so there should inevitably be something to satisfy everyone's tastebuds.  However, consistency is not their strongest suit - I've eaten here 10+ times and have ordered the same thing, yet my bill has been a different amount every time.  That being said, pizza prices are reasonable, and entree prices are affordable as well.  A small patio next to CVS allows for the classic epicenter people watching experience.
3	Great food, bad service. like one of the other reviewer said order at counter and pick your own table, the server are burnouts
4	Uptown.  Pizza lunch.  Bomb-diggity.  Since Sabarro closed (patooey!), this is the only game in town for a quick slice during the lunch hour, and it's perfect.  They have by-the-slice pizza in tons of varieties, and that is so perfect for hungry uptowners during the lunch rush.  They also have some pretty great specials if you want to sit down, and their sauce is pretty good (**yankee transplant translation - when we say sauce, we always, ALWAYS mean marinara or meat sauce.  Never BBQ, never any other kind of sauce, and yes, we judge places on how tasty their sauce is)You can sit outside if you want, which is great, and they have some high-tops inside if you'd prefer, but beware, it gets crowded at lunch, so you might have to *gasp* sit next to a stranger!  But that's okay, if there's something that everyone can come together over, it's pizza.I'd give it 5 stars, but I'm a pizza snob and it's not my favorite style, but it's still great!
3	Did I like the lunch special here?  In the word(s) of Dave Hester from Storage Wars:  YUUUUP!I got the half sandwich/half salad combination and would give this place a 3.5.  I thought 4 stars was too much because the side Caesar salad kinda sucked.  The lettuce was discolored and wilted a bit.  Caesar dressing that's good has a bit of zest to it, but their is a little on the bland side.  The Italian hero was good though, much props for that one.I want to go back and try the pizza.  Fellow Chicago yelper saying that it's good pizza makes me wanting to go for it.  (Can I really claim that Chicago-ans are my "fellow" if I only lived in Chi-town for a year?)Kim, our server was friendly and curteous!  Good job.dmo out.
3	I would give this more stars but the fact that they don't validate parking is ridiculous and i'm not going to pay $10 to just run in and out of this place. Now i have been in the epicenter and went a head and grabbed a slice and they were pretty tasty. Service is whatever and its pretty reasonable. I like the Ballentyne location better because of parking and the service was great but I don't live very close to that spot.
4	We picked Librettos for a quick snack at Epicenter while visiting friends in Charlotte. We both got slices and thought the pizza was great. Not the best ever but defiantly good.  Staff was friendly and the place was clean.  They also have a full menu if everyone isn't in the mood for pizza.  Would totally come here again.
4	Today, a colleague took me here for lunch.  I was surprised they had my favorite Italian dish--Chicken Francese.  Was it the best Chicken Francese I've ever had?  Nope.  Would I go there again?  Heck yeah!Positives:  The server was fantastic, food came out fast, the chicken was soft, the flavor was lemony but not overpoweringly so.  Best thing was the price.  Without tip, the bill was $23.70 for two drinks, two salads, and two entrees.  Negatives:  The bread does not come out first; it's on the entree plate.  There was very little sauce on the pasta.  Bad for me because I prefer butter or to dip my bread in olive oil or the sauce.  Seems nitpicky but these are the only negatives I could think of.
3	Pretty decent pizza at this place.  It's quite a bit like your average NYC pizza by the slice joint, which is to say . . . average.  But you know what they say about pizza.  To paraphrase: even when it's average, it's quite good.Not much to add about this place.  It's a good pick if you're nearby and in need of a slice, but worth a longer trip?  Probably not.They would do well to get a fountain drink machine.
4	Came into the place for a late lunch around 230. Had a slice of mushroom pizza and garlic knots. Hit the spot. Quick service, although the girl seemed like she hated to be working here. If you're in town for business and need to grab a bite to eat, would recommend this place. Right across from the bb&t building.
5	I came to south with a total elitest, pizza pretentious, close minded, jerk-face mind thinking there will be no good pizza in the south.  Libretto's you have proved me wrong!  Libretto's by far has the best pizza charlotte.  Not too thin of a crust, great sauce, and a decent amount of options. You can also order beer at the counter from miller lite to brooklyn brewery.  This place gets packed on the weekend due to it being in Epicenter.  Though who wouldn't expect 1,000 people with drunk munchies to hit this up.   The price is a little high, but you have to expect it being in the location it is.  The only thing I wish for is that they would have delivery. If you want good pizza come here NJ/NY approved
4	Had the pepperoni and chicken. Pretty tasty, pretty greasy. Tea was too sweet- a very pardonable sin. Great view of outside goings-on @DNC... (apparently this review didn't post in Aug' 12...)
3	It's a little disturbing to see a guy kneading his hands in the tub of cheese. It was slow and he was staring at the ceiling, wringing his hands in the one and only tub o cheese. Other than that potential health issue, I really like the place. Good pizza. Great price.
4	We had a weekday lunch with two adults and two kids, one being a toddler.  The server was super nice, especially with the kids.  Our son is a talker and she was very patient with him.  My husband and the kids had slices and all three enjoyed them.  The slices were very big, more than enough for the kids, while my husband had 2, just to try 2 toppings.  I had a taste of the pepperoni slices and it was really good.  Plenty of cheese and sauce but not sloppy.  I had the salad and hero lunch.  Caeser salad was good, just how you'd want a small salad to be.  Dressing just right, greens not wilty or nasty and a good size.  For the sandwich I had the eggplant parm hero.  So good!  Lightly breaded eggplant slices (and plenty of them) just right sauce and cheese and good bread.  They did a steady business on walk in slice sales!  I would definitely eat here again.
1	First the good. Libretto is in a great location. And they gave me a free slice of vegi pizza while I waited on my take out order. Which I thought was nice. I'm glad they did because even though the slice wasn't that great it ended up being the best thing I got. The whole wheat pasta w/chicken was awful. The Pasta fagiole was worse. I really wanted to like this place but I have to say it was a bust. I ended up throwing most of it away (which is something I never do)
4	Went to Librettos yesterday for lunch with my roommate. Food was AMAZING. Authentic New York style pizza and Italian cuisine. We loved it an will definitely be visiting their new location on Park and Woodlawn next month.
5	I visited this establishment a few times in early June.I was really impressed and enjoyed each of my visits.I had the chicken parm hero which was really enjoyable,the slices of pizza are also of good quality.This place is always busy and seems to be a very well managed and operated business,I will continue to stop by here for food when in the area.My only faults on this place were the French fries which I thought were fairly average and also nobody likes when they are eating there food and the check is left on the table its just not something you do.Overall its excellent food and will be back again for sure!Thanks..
1	totally effing rude AND their pizza sucked.zero stars wasn't an option or else that's what they'd get.
5	I love this place!!!  I've eaten here alone twice on business trips and can't say enough great things. The staff is friendly but not sickening sweet, and the environment is perfect for a girl who normally feels weird eating by herself. The pizza is absolutely fantastic, and this is coming from someone who just at Lombardi's pizza in NYC less than a week ago. This crust is on the thin side and baked to perfection. The toppings are extremely fresh. I highly recommend the portobello mushrooms and kalamata olives. They also serve beer and wine. They are conveniently located in the Epicenter downtown which I love since I never rent a car in Charlotte. They offer both indoor and outdoor seating. My goal is to eat here every single time I get a chance to go to Charlotte. It's that good!!!
5	Whether it's late night or just dinner Librettos has amazing Pizza and Dishes. I rate it number 1 on my pizza list! Authentic New York Style Pizza. Fun environment, people. people are nice. I could eat it everyday.
4	We enjoy popping in here for Pizza. Small spot, but good solid pizza. If you are looking for a nice, small spot to grab a relatively inexpensive meal, this is a great little place.
4	Ooooo the bianca pizza... best piece of pie on the menu. Made with ricotta, melted mozzarella (I believe) and just a touch of oregano, the simplicity makes the flavors come alive. I like hitting up Libretto's after a night at Strike City or drinks at one of the bars. While I don't frequent EpiCentre all that often, I always look forward to ending my night with a single slice... and I highly appreciate that I can get the bianca as a single slice and not the whole pizza. That's primo customer service right there.And who loves their garlic knots? This girl... nice and buttery with a good blend of spices. Not overpowering and a perfect side option to my single slice habit. And the best part of their EpiCentre location? They are open til 4am on the weekends. You may have to stand in quite the long line after the complex shuts down at 2am but hey, it's 2am food, which is usually always worth the wait.Looking forward to trying out the new location off Woodlawn Road!
3	***This review is based solely on the LATE night service***This really is a prime location to catch all the after hours crowd. After drinking and enjoying a night out in the Epicenter...there is nothing better than soaking some of the liquor up with greasy goodness!! Things to remember at this location:1. This is not fine Italian dining. Don't expect top notch service with a friendly face or "hello"...Be prepared! When they stare at you (that's your hello) order your slices and get out the way. 2. These slices are huge and greasy. Get LOTS of napkins! 3. When you're finish throw your own damn plates away! It's a steady line of people rolling in and I guarantee you they are not your mother and don't want to clean up behind you! Is this the best pizza I've ever had? Nope. Would I go earlier in the day if I had another option? Probably Not. But for dining after 1AM would I recommend it? YUP.
1	I live 5 blocks away and waited 2 hours for a delivery.  The pizza really was terrible, seriously; not even decent.  Oh, yeah, the toppings were expensive too.  The one cool thing was that the delivery guy gave us a second pie for being so late. I am done with this place.  Dominos would have been twice as good for half the price and it would have taken a third of the time.
4	As one of NYC finest transplants into the Charlotte Metropolitan area, I hold a high regard for the term "New York style pizza"  as I've tasted many in my days there. The pizza here is as close to a New York Style pizza your going to get without boarding some mode of transportation and heading up there.  Next up on my list to try with them is their canzone, and if it's anything like this pizza,  I'm changing my rating to 5 stars.
4	Nice pizza place uptown! The harvest pizza is my favorite. We did ask for delivery about 12pm and they told us they couldn't deliver until 2pm bc they were busy. So we went and picked it up. Don't say you deliver and then basically say you won't! Cray! Overall pizza is great.
4	This is one of our favorite pizza delivery places. We live Uptown Charlotte and there seem to be limited delivery options, but we hit the jackpot with Libretto's. I love the Harvest pizza (spinach, broccoli, mushrooms, roasted peppers, olives, tomato) and the Sicilian Chopped Salad (romaine, roasted peppers, chick peas, tomato, kalamata olives, feta, balsamic vinaigrette). We got a medium pizza and salad last night- great for two with a little extra for later. I love pizza the next day, I won't lie. Delivery was quick (they anticipated 45 minutes on a Saturday night around 8- it came in about 30). Next time I want to try the wings!
2	Libretto's has some good pizza.  Great for lunch on workdays or lazy weekends in Uptown.  Service is fast and prices are mostly reasonable.So why the low star rating?  Vapiano a block over outclasses Libretto's in all aspects.  If Libretto's existed in a vacuum it would easily be 3 stars, maybe 3.5.
5	Have enjoyed Libretto's in the office during long meetings,when we'll order in. And have enjoyed the pizza with family.  The pizza reminds me of New York/New Jersey style plus the garlic knots are awesome.  This pizza touches the soul!
3	If you want a slice of pizza after a long night of hitting the bars in the Uptown area, then this is the spot.. big, greasy, and hits the spot!
5	Looking to get your money worth?  Or just want great tasting plates... Well I recommend this place hands down! I ordered pasta and a cannoli (must try) that knock me straight off my feet afterwards.
3	There are oven-baked pizzas and then there are oven-baked pizzas.Now-a-days everybody's making it. So it's nothing new but it is good. So when you don't know where to go in center city, don't know what to eat, just go to Epicentre and it's there. Literally, it's there on the first floor. Can't miss it. Oh, yeah, That might be the best thing about them. Location, location, location.
4	If you are strolling through the EpiCentre, stop in for a slice. I must admit that I have stumbled here late night after some EpiCentre bar/club antics but the place always delivers hot delicious pizza. I swear, the same dark haired guy who works get the register has served me every single time (def from somewhere in the North East and friendly).If you work Uptown, you can stop in for lunch. The place has the best hours, literally open every day at 11am and closes at midnight (4am on the weekends). So when everything else is closed in Uptown, there is ALWAYS Librettos. Thank you for staying open! The only prob is, if you don't live Uptown and want a slice, parking can be tough and it's silly to pay for parking which costs more than your slice!Remember to get your loyalty card- for every 10 slices you get a free one. I have filled 2 cards and will definitely fill another one soon.
4	The pizza was very good, as well as the lasagna. However, the mozzarella sticks are some of the best that my wife and I have had. The prices were very reasonable and the staff was very friendly. It is a nice place to visit while at the Epicenter.
3	Ordered a pizza here at 1:30 am. The told me it would be ready in 20 minutes. Upon trying to pick the pizza up, I was lost. Yelp/Apple/Google maps will not get you here. This place is located inside the Epicentre which means you need to physically walk into the Epicentre and get it. Its located next to the CVS on the ground floor, you wont miss it. This place is always extremely busy with a long wait. However if you order by phone you can skip straight to the front and pay. The pizza flavor was wonderful but the crust did not rise that much. The price was a bit pricey at 26 dollars with a large pizza and 3 toppings. Overall its a decent pizzaria and I would come back if i was in the area. Cheers!
4	Slowly, this place is carving out a special place in my heart.  It all started with a Yelp event at the Ballantyne location, then late bites at the Woodlawn location after catching a flick at the theatre across the way, and now, infinite delivery orders from the Uptown location.  Everything here is pretty good, but not blow-my-mind good.  The pizzas are pretty plain if you get something basic, I'd recommend going with one of their specialties like BBQ Chicken or the Harvest pizza.  I used to be a fan of their linguini in clam sauce (adding shrimp), but after ordering it like 3-4 times, it doesn't quite have the "it" factor.  Their subs and heroes (what's the diff?) are tasty and fresh.  Two things really stand out though:  Boylan soda and garlic knots.  If you've never had Boylan soda, yer missin' out, bub.  The root beer is what root beer should taste like.  Truth:  I've ordered delivery just to get root beer.  I love that they have it here.  Garlic knots?  You haven't lived unless you've had their garlic knots.  So good they have slayed many a vampire.Food aside, their service truly stands out.  I shot them an email about a 50% discount that they had said they would apply to my last order.  You see, they were slammed and my order was late.  The chick on the phone was really nice and I didn't really care for the discount, but it was nice to offer to take care of it for me.  Well, she didn't - and that's when I sent an email.  Just doing my part to better all Charlotte businesses and make sure they follow through!  Anyways, within 24 hours, Mike emailed me back and handled the discount quickly and with no effort on my side.  Being responsive is the key attribute in good service IMO.  Hell, they could screw things up all they want, but if they are answering my questions and putting forth effort, you can't really ask for more.  Handled perfectly.  Libretto's #1 fan here.dmo out.
5	Love this place late night on the weekends for pizza. I try to be healthy and get the tilapia or salmon on the weekdays but they are almost always out. Oh and I got called out for checking in on Belly without buying anything tonight so that was embarrassing.
4	The closest thing to true New York pizza that you can get in North Carolina. It is consistently great. The building is a obscure. But if you look hard enough you will have a "true pizza" experience.
4	This review is based solely off my late night munchies satisfaction**I've never had a bad experience at Libretto's but maybe that's because when I'm here it's usually after a long night of drinking and club/bar hopping. The service is quick and the pizza is always good and hot. Perfectly located in the epicenter and they stay open late so no worries about leaving the club early to get here, they'll still be open once you arrive.
3	I usually really like Libretto's Pizza and this time was no different but the service lacked a lot to be desired. Most of the time we order the pizza to go and have always had good results. This time we stopped in to eat before going to a Disney show at TWC, we had 11 total in our party and the first 3 arrived before the rest and got us a table. So when we arrived with the rest of the group we already had a table but , it was right by the door. No big deal but we kept getting napkins flying off the table every time the door was opened. We all ordered at the same time and nothing fancy. two pizzas, two salads, two orders of Garlic knots, a sandwich, and 3 kids meal baskets. it took over 45 min. to get the piazza and the restaurant was not that busy. The beer was warm and we had to ask for a cold glass twice before it arrived. Overall it was good food but the experance suffered by the poor service.
3	Delicious pizza and fast service, but pricy for lunch, and they charge way too much for additional toppings. They also overcharged me for the one additional topping I ordered on a personal pizza and instead charged me the price listed online for their bigger pizzas.
4	Always Has a good variety of slices to choose from for lunch. Place gets packed during lunch hour so get there before or after noon. The slices are big New York slices. Try the Bianca pizza.
2	I would like to give a better review because I like their food and have ordered from them dozens of times over the past six years.  When done right they make a superb NY style pizza.  However, they are frustrating to patron because they are inconsistent.  Food quality varies widely when delivered as well as delivery times.  Last night it was over 90 minutes for Uptown delivery.  No more.  I gave the order to Fuel Pizza and it was hot and piping at my door 25 minutes later.
3	Libretto, Libretto, Libretto...what is happening here buddy?  This particular location is just...hmmmm...how do I put it?  Disappointing.  It just doesn't have the same feel as the other locations.  It felt more grimy for some reason.They were busy on Friday night, no doubt but they weren't slammed!  They were full.  However, it took about an hour to get our food.  One person only ordered a bowl of broccoli.  The waitress was nice enough to apologize and she even took off some of the price on our bill but what the heck was going on!??Our white pizza was pretty good but our side of meatballs came out cold.  Pretty much ice cold.  Waters were never refilled and the kitchen just seemed totally disheveled.  I have always enjoyed Libretto's at every yelp event but going to the actual epicenter location was beyond disappointing.  I hope it was just an off night but it may be that they need to make a few adjustments.
3	The food is okay, the service sucks ass. A bunch of druggies who are always stoned and look like the have not had a proper up bringing in life work there. Since I can't stand to go in the place I recently started ordering deliver which I probably will not do anymore because it always take them over an hour to deliver my food, then it's cold and needs reheating. :/
