5	The place was just your typical stable, but my wife and I had a wonderful experience here. It was our first time riding, so the staff took great care to show us how to mount and maneuver the horses. We then followed a guide through an orchard for an hour's ride (just the right length of time for us as beginners). The horses were very tame, and were easy to ride. The best part of the experience, however, was our interaction with the staff. They couldn't have been more friendly and more helpful. We're excited to go back.
4	We went to DeWitt stables for their pumpkin patch and fall events, and it was great for my toddlers.  It's fairly close to the city, and simple with all the right elements of toddler fun - hay rides that leave every second it seems, one of each cute little farm animal to pet, ponies galore, hay maze and pumkins - not a real patch, but the kids liked it.  The people running it were really friendly and family oriented.
1	Will never come back here.  They treat their animals terribly.  Went to their pumpkin patch and they had a petting area.  It was a really hot day and the water for the animals was filthy, covered in dirt and straw.Then, we took a wagon ride and it was a nightmare.  We stopped at the pumpkin patch for everyone to get a pumpkin.  As everyone was getting back on the wagon, one of the mules started freaking out and bucking.  The wagon was jerking all over the place.  I grabbed my daughter and got her off but, there were several people, many children, on the wagon and the driver never said anything about them getting off.So, we rush off to the side to get away from the horse and wagon and we realized that the horses legs were tangled in the equipment.  The driver just sat in his seat doing nothing but whipping and yanking on the reigns while this poor horse is struggling desperately to stand but keeps falling on his face.  I finally ask him if he realizes the horses legs are tangled and he finally decides it might be a good idea to get the people off the wagon.  But, even as the people are getting off, he's still whipping and yanking on the reigns of this poor horse who is struggling and panicking trying to stand up.   It was awful.  We ended up walking back and I did tell management but, 5 minutes later, this guy was heading out with another group, same horse and wagon.  I will never go back there again.
5	Great place to take/book a family event for a real "cowboy" experience. Staff was very friendly and knowledgeable. My daughter loves the petting zoo and getting to see the "horsies". Awesome experience.
