2	Good food (small portions), Horrible ServiceI suppose any new restaurant has to work our wrinkles, and this place has a lot of wrinkles to work out.  While the food is good, the portions are smaller than similar restaurants.  That said, the service is horrible here, even by Chinese restaurant standards.  I felt like I was back in China w the rude servers and lack of hospitality.  I suppose I will come back again to see if the service improves after being open for awhile, but for now, this place is a fail.
4	As another reviewer has mentioned, The Jade Restaurant occupies the space that use to be Cathay House.  Cathay House use to be my go to for Dim Sum in LV; now it will be The Jade Restaurant.The dim sum was hot and fresh!  At one point, the cart server mentioned that the item I wanted was not hot and that she would bring me one from the kitchen.  Now that's good service!The dim sum variety was good serving the basics plus they offered plates of roast duck, BBQ roast pork, as well as some noodle dishes.  Our table server was very attentive while I noticed that the server assistant (busser) seemed a bit "lost."  It was obvious that he had not worked in a restaurant before.The management and hosts were doing their best and trying to offer the best service; it was clear that they were inexperienced, but they were doing their best.  The cashier was very slow; not quite sure why.  Our server took our check to be totaled and we waited a bit.  Finally, we went to the cashier to pay; there was a queue to pay and our check still was not tallied.Overall, I would recommend The Jade Restaurant based on this experience.  Best wishes to The Jade Restaurant.
2	Waitress dropped a pair of scissors on the ground, wiped it on the towel and proceeded to cut the food. Nothing is outstanding here. Much better when it was Cathay house restaurant. The turnip cakes and taro balls were extremely salty. Egg tart is not bad along with the tripe. Siu Mai, shrimp balls, and banh cuon were hit and miss. Service was below average. Neglected our table a lot and we had to verbally call them over. Chrysanthemum tea.
4	This used be Cathy House. . Now The Jade. . It is an improvement. . Dim sum is way better.  Prices are still to be determined.  They need to quickly get rid of the Nasty carpet and remodel the bathrooms. . They are busy and could use some help with getting the dim sum carts around more quickly. . Over good place.
4	Oh my, 11.00am dim sum, packed, about 6 trolley ladies with all kinds of goodies, shrimp shumai, shrimp in peppers, shrimp others.  Duck for $6.99, moist, greasy and yummy. Sticky rice with pork and wrapped in a leaf.  $32 later a bargain indeed.  The service was good, as we were the only non Asian they did pay special attention to us.
3	Got food to go, so we could try it at home. Ordered chow fun, and sweet and sour pork. Reasonable priced for it was happy hour. They are closing g again for 3 weeks to finish the kitchen. The food was good and the service was mediocre. There were a lot of young employees it seems that were not in any uniform , which were not too presentable for a new restaurant. I hope to try the dim sum next time.
