3	Welcome the new kid to the block, Lenny Boy! I've been a Kombucha fan for a couple years now and my husband can't get enough. When we heard about this grand opening we went straight there! It's a small place open to the public on Sundays. When I say small, they have a little bar, like a desk, with a few chairs on the inside. It looks more like a business office for their bigger endeavor of shipping bottles out to the local stores (e.g., Earth Fare). It is definitely not designed for a sit and stay awhile place, but on a nice day it may be ideal to grab a cup to go and sit in the parking lot.There is a huge difference between Kombuchas. I'm used to GT's that has a definite kick to the taste buds. Then you have the Wonder Drink that is a bit milder and easier to sip. If you are a newbie to the Kombucha arena, Lenny Boy is definitely a softer way to go. The three initial options were flavorful, but reminded me more of an IZZY. Overall, I enjoyed the beverage, but was hoping for a stronger "wake up my senses" experience. I'm glad to see a local Kombucha brew! It actually inspired me to try making my own. They also can supply you with your own starter kit.
4	What is kombucha, you ask? I'm pasting the following from Lenny Boy's Q&A page:Kombucha is a fermented beverage made from sugar, tea, water, and a symbiotic culture of bacteria and yeast. During the fermentation process the bacteria and yeast convert the sugar into organic acids.  In addition, gluconic, lactic and folic acids are a byproduct of the fermentation. This ancient elixir is an all natural, organic detoxifying drink; most who drink it say it gives them an extra boost of energy. After fermenting, the tea is full of probiotics that work with your body to boost the immune system, stimulate your metabolism, and rejuvenate your mind.I'm not a beer drinker. There. I said it. No shaming nor judgment, please. A lover of tea - that I am! I am soooo glad this tap room exists for a locally brewed kombucha brand. In addition to doing a flight of the 3 flavors on tap, patrons are able to purchase DIY kombucha starter kits at the tap room, too. I refill my growler w a different flavor every time I go. Cute Lenny Boy Kombucha branded drinking mason jar also available for purchase. I use mine every single day at work! My only gripe about this place is that it is currently open to the public just on Sundays 2p-8p. When the weather permits again I am sure Townes, Joseph, and the other wonderful Lenny Boy boyz will occupy the parking lot space and have corn hole, live music, tvs, and other entertainment for us kombucha drinkin' folk. Also, it's BYOB.
4	Never tried Kombucha before....this is the perfect place for you.  The owners open the tap room every Sunday from 2-8 to the public.  When I say tap room I mean a small room with a table a few chairs, a couch and a tv where they keep 3 different flavors of Kombucha on tap.  If it is your first time trying or you are a seasoned vet who home brews there own it is a great place to learn about kombucha and the way lenny boy brews theirs.   The owners are super friendly and certainly love sharing about the product that they pour.  You are welcome to sample all of the flavors on tab or just get a glass of one or even buy a growler to take some home (I now have 2 of my own cause I have become Kombuchalioc) all for reasonable prices.  They are now certified organic and use all north carolina ingrediants (unless unavailable in our great state).  This is also a great product for anyone doing a raw diet as they cold brew their tea.  I have only been here during the winter but there have been talks that as the weather begins to warm up they will be having live music and more outside in their parking lot which will make for a great relaxing afternoon.  Come check it out!!
5	Lenny Boy just re-opened their taproom and we stopped by on opening day. It seems like kombucha has a pretty big following here in Charlotte based on the assembled crowd.The newest thing at Lenny Boy is the major improvement in the tap room from the previous one. There is a lot more room and seating available. Also, they now have some kombucha with alcohol in it. The wife is more of the kombucha fanatic, but I will admit that I like some of the flavors too. In fact, most people  can probably find a flavor or two that they like. Townes is the owner and is a really good guy to talk to at the bar as he is serving up customers. I really recommend checking out the taproom and trying some kombucha if you never have before.
5	Very chill hangout spot and one of my new favorite places. I definitely plan to come back!
4	In case you missed it, Lenny Boy now offers kombucha, wild ales (kombucha that has alcohol), and beers. They will be expanding their hours to be open Fridays on July 18th as well as later hours on Saturday. I think they will also be introducing their 6 flagship beers at that time from their new big brewing system. They did expand their seating area if you haven't been in awhile, although I still wish it were a little bigger, but they do have more seating than they used to. I really enjoy going there. For $5, you get a flight of any 4 beverages. My favorites this week were the Mint cacao, the peach booch, and I thought all 3 beers on draft were very promising. The Burn Down Brown and the Herb's pale ale were right on the edge of being great and the De la wit (belgian inspired wheat) was the winner for me (not the beer style i usually go for). It appears that their beers are not just going to be an after thought to the already excellent kombucha. If you live in Southend, it's an easy walk here. It's located in the middle of an ugly long building, but you should definitely track it down and try out some booch and brews.
5	Got to see the new Tap Room first hand on Friday night...Really a nice facility but man oh man the Kombucha's and the Wild Ales and the Beer...over the top!..Everything is Organic...The flavors are incredible and every color of the rainbow. I bought a  Kombucha Growler of Blueberry Waffle, fresh blueberries and Maple Syrup , also a Growler of Kombucha  Mint Cacao ..which is fresh mint and Cocoa nibs. Best Kombucha I have ever tasted and so effervescent! The beer is quite tasty too..my favorite being the Lemongrass Blueberry and also the Burn Down Brown. Stop by the tap room - they are open in Fri, Sat and Sun nites..there was music and cornhole too..but I wouldn't miss the Organic Kombucha's !!
5	Great little brewery!  Absolutely adore Kombucha and the fact that we have it made right here in the Queen City, really makes me happy!  All of the ingredients are local and organic.  Great flavors that change with the season.  Must try buch?  Blueberry Waffle and Sweet Potato Pie.  Yum!!!  Beer is good too.  Support local!!
5	Amazing all organic beer and booch!!!  Come check this place out asap!Local ingredients USDA certified!  Try the Sours!!!!
4	So the first time I went to Lenny Boy wasn't good.  It was their opening day and I just was coming back from a flight.  When i fly i tend to drink and when my friend saw taproom, we said hooray lets keep this buzz going.  Unfortunately I didn't understand that taproom meant kombucha and this strange concoction was making my buzz go away.  Fast forward to more recent times.  They brew beer now! Hooray beer! Not only that, but there beer is pretty damn good.  Their pale ale and belgian triple are some of my favorites and their sour/tart beers are exceptional. The decor is fantastic from the "school lunch table" to the dresser cut in half.  The glass blown tap handles are a nice touch as well.  Kudos to you Lenny Boy on your progression from buzzkill to hangover
4	Another unique brewery in Charlotte offering the best Kombucha I've ever had. Am I a Kombucha connoisseur? No.  All I know is that the stuff is pretty darn good at Lenny Boy!  The beer isn't too shabby either. I first tried their Kombucha at Noda brewery when they had it on tap one weekend. I bookmarked Lenny Boy at that point and finally had the chance to visit.  The brewery is tucked off the main road in a business park but is pretty straightforward to find. The inside has a hipster feel to it and is decorated nicely. They have large viewing windows to allow patrons to watch the brewing process (typical of most of the local craft brewery locations). They have very limited seating on the inside so be prepared to stand if they are busy.
3	We had tried Lenny Boy Kombucha before, so we decided to check out the brewery.  The location is a little bit hidden, because the storefront is not visible off of the main road.  Once you head into the parking lot, it is very easy to find, though.  Inside, it is not very big, but luckily it was not crowded, or getting a drink at the bar would be a little bit of a challenge.On the menu/chalkboard there are alcoholic drinks and non-alcoholic drinks.  One of the cool things is that you can get a flight ($8) of both alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks.  It is a nice sampler, because a lot of the drinks are unique.We got the sampler and ordered some of the Sours, the holy moly and tart de la wit. (I don't feel like highlighting the non-alcoholic Kombucha...bc who cares?...)  The drinks were good, but I don't know if I would be ready to commit to any of them.  It's like when you eat a Whitman's sampler....you enjoy the molasses chew, but probably not looking for an entire bar of it.Overall, the drinks were pretty good. The bartender/drink pourer was nice, but moved like he was recently hit with a tranquilizer dart, which may be problem some at more peak hours.
