5	Back when smoking was still allowed in restaurants, this place was a class of its own for being non smoking.  This is a rare culinary treat on the BYOW street.  Service is professional, cooking is excellent and accommodating:  I am a vegetarian and they made me a special wild rice risotto which was terribly delicious.  I recommend dining here!
4	I enjoyed our experience here.  BYO wine was great... but then again, we were on Rue Duluth and on BYOW row. Service was great, food was ok.  Still an overall nice experience!
5	After a long, long day of meetings, our work associates hosted dinner at La Colombe. All I can tell you is they have seriously good taste.  I enjoyed the most sumptuous meal I've had in a long time.It's a small, one room place, with a simple, french-inspired menu of  "cuisine du marche" or "cuisine of the market". And it's fixed price, no matter what course selections you make; though appetizers are extra.I wasn't starving, so I went for a simple beet and greens salad to start. My entree was leg of lamb, and it was the best I've ever had...in my life: falling off the bone and perfectly seasoned, over a bed of what appeared to be black-eyed peas in bacon-infused sauce (I don't exactly know what it was, except Good).  Dessert was a perfect blueberry tart with a matching cup of perfect coffee.La Colombe is BYOB. Our associates had taken care of this as well. Did I mention their good taste? They brought quite a bit of excellent wine, and they didn't seem to want to have any left over.  It was a good thing I took a cab.
5	The best kept secret in town!! An established restaurant that has proven over and over that the food has to be top to come back years after years to a restaurant!The chef owner Mostapha really cares about the meals and the combination as well as the quality of food. The meat comes form an elevage out in the country where he knows where the animals were raised and fed. The service is excellent with experienced staff, which makes all the difference. PLUS it's not everywhere that the chef comes out and check on you to find out if you liked the food. Nice touch!The Bring Your Own Wine is a great concept if you want some value dining out. This restaurant sits in my top priority list of restaurant in Montreal! Great location and lots of windows. They also have a second floor. Hurry and try it!!
5	La Colombe proved to be a very fitting BYO for a special bottle of wine we'd been saving from our engagement trip.We started out with a cheese plate, from which the standout was a delicious mellow French blue. The prix-fixe started with a cold asparagus soup, which had an excellent flavor and texture. The appetizers were solid but the main courses were more memorable: a filet of bison in a rich sauce with roasted beets and a black rice risotto, and veal with a delicious parsnip prepared with the consistency of perfectly mashed potatoes. For dessert we tried a blueberry tart (good) and a panna cotta (excellent!) with coffee. All in all, the food was delicious, service was friendly and the atmosphere was relaxed and romantic.
