5	This is one of those places you drive by a million times always thinking to yourself "I have to check that place out" but you never do because you can't figure out exactly where the parking lot is or are always on the way somewhere.  Well, my friends, it's time to stop.  If you like the furniture at DWR but the prices are out of your reach you will enjoy 2b mod.  You get the same style for about half the price.  The store has a small selection of what is actually available (check out their website).  The owner is very friendly and I was told he can arrange for custom pieces...  I have the "Womb Chair" and "Noguchi-esk"coffee table earmarked.
5	We purchased Temahome product via 2b mod.  Experienced great follow up.  Speedy delivery.  And also very accommodating.Thanks Marcel for all your help!
1	2bmod was one of the stores I visited on my journey to find the perfect sofa. The place is a bit difficult to find, so be prepared to get lost a few times. When I got there, I had my mind set on a particular sofa. The gentleman working there showed me a few swatches and then suddenly went in the back to take a phone call--and never came back! Two other people came in and we all waited. After about 15 minutes they finally left and so did I. I still love their furniture, but I won't be buying it anytime soon. It's too bad their customer service was off that day.
5	I'm not in the Scottsdale area, but found 2bmod online as I was shopping for a new sideboard.  They had a product that I fell in love with, from a manufacturer/ wholesaler I had seen many other places at much higher price points.The online shopping and payment was easy, and Marcel really went out of his way to make sure the delivery was scheduled in a way that worked for my travel schedule, which I totally appreciated.When the piece arrived with damage, I was so worried!  It wasn't the delivery guys, but clearly a manufacturing defect.  The piece had shipped from a warehouse in Austin, so Marcel had never seen it.  When I contacted him with my issue, I was BLOWN AWAY by his level of responsiveness and follow-through.  It took us a while to get a satisfactory repair, and Marcel stayed with me every step, taking on the manufacturer himself.  That's right- he made good on a piece and made his customer happy, even when the manufacturer was slow to respond on the issue.  This could have ended so badly- a bad piece of furniture and an unhappy customer.  Instead, I am a thrilled customer with a solution that resolved the issue with the piece AND satisfied me as to its value.  That level of customer service is amazing, and worth YELPING about!
