5	I bought myself a second hand Honda and needed to get it looked over. Yes, I know, I am supposed to do that before I buy it, but figured, eh, it's a good enough deal. I took it to some auto shop on Jones, was told it needed a new water pump, timing belt etc. Got a quote for a 1000 bucks. I decided to shop around a bit and found Hondatronics. Their quote was for nearly half the price, and I snapped it up. The guys there are really nice, helpful and knowledgeable. When I picked up the car, it ended up 30 bucks cheaper than the original quote. A great little shop!
1	EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED in James, owner of Hondatronics. Just bought a used Acura, and after reading positive reviews here & other sites, decided to take my car there to see if I needed to fix/replace anything. I had no weird noises or anything, just wanted it to get checked out for peace of mind. James checked it out for me & seemed very courteous & helpful, which along with the reviews here instantly put me at ease. He checked out the car, and said everything looked fine, except for my front & right engine mounts which were cracked/broken. He said this was pretty common on my particular year/model Acura, and that although no immediate danger to me, I should think about replacing them. Parts/labor=$560 ($320/$240).Well, I bought genuine Honda parts online for $180, and had got a quote from a GREAT SHOP in Henderson (704 W sunset) for $170 tax included to install both engine mounts. Thought I was a champ for figuring out a way to save $210!  Anyways, took it there, and 5 minutes later the mechanic came out & said "Who told you to change these mounts?? They're both fine." He took me under my car to show me both mounts in question, and both looked just like the new parts albeit a little dirty. If I hadn't gone through the trouble and just blindly listened to James @ Hondatronics, I woulda gladly just paid the $560 for something I didn't even need! Sadly, he is the owner, so it's not like I got some unscrupulous worker trying to make a quick buck.  Maybe he is honest MOST of the time, but please-please-please get a 2nd opinion at the very least if he recommends anything other than an oil change. Such a frustrating experience!!!  This bothered me so much that this is my first yelp review...p.s.  Come to think of it, no wonder I was told that I couldn't go and take a look at my car at Hondatronics--there were no broken/cracked parts to show me!!  I've been taken to the work area for a visual diagnosis at Sam's Club, Midas, Jiffy Lube, and many other shops here in Vegas...
5	When I moved to Las Vegas I wanted to find a mechanic that specialized in Hondas/Acuras. I was pleased to find Hondatronics just a few blocks from my work. I get all my work done there.. Unless James (the owner) recommends otherwise. That's right, he has actually told me to go to the dealership on one occasion to have a part replaced because it would be covered under warranty which I had not realized. I get my oil changed on my lunch break, they have me in and out in about 20-25 minutes. Can't beat them.
5	The most honest shop you will find to fix your honda.  James and his crew  are on top their game.  The shop is always kept nice and James has no problem breaking down problems in order of priority to be repaired.  This shop is the only place I trust not only mine, but my entire families vehicles to.  Not only the best service, but always backs his work.  You wont be disappointed!
5	The best place to go if you have a Honda! You will never again go to the dealer, EVER! Better service, better prices than dealer and something the dealer will never give you is trust. Nobody touches my car but James. Ive been going to James for over 10 years now, he's just the best.  My next car will be a Honda for the fact that I can take it to James and trust him with my car.
5	The most honest shop you will find to fix your honda.  James and his crew  are on top their game.  The shop is always kept nice and James has no problem breaking down problems in order of priority to be repaired.  This shop is the only place I trust not only mine, but my entire families vehicles to.  Not only the best service, but always backs his work.  I have never had a problem with James showing me problems with my car.  You wont be disappointed!
5	I'm a huge fan of Hondatronics. I've been taking my cars here since '98 and have never once had a bad experience. In fact I just picked up my car from their shop and as always, I'm extremely pleased. James has great customer service and takes the time to not only show me but explain the problems or concerns I may be having with my car. I completely trust that not only am I getting my money's worth but I know there is great care and effort put into making every experience a positive one.
4	This shop is great if you have a honda or acura. I found them before I moved here from my specialist in Arizona, who I used for about 10 years.james is straight up and gets stuff done fast and cheap. Anytime I leave the car for more than hours they hook up free stuff like buffing the LED lights(much brighter after), rain x windshield, etc.
5	My Honda van broke down while I was in  Vegas from LA, I found Hondatronics on Yelp, James was super helpful, honest answers, excellent recommendations. These guys will take care of  your Honda/Acura.
5	Hondatronics is the best
5	I don't usually write reviews on services but James @ Hondatronics really impressed me.  I was in town and had a window switch that failed on me with my window stuck open and the temperatures in the 30's with a 240 mile drive back to LA.  I called a few other shops and they didn't sound like they could help me, but I saw Hondatronics on my GPS.I tried to remedy my window some more by myself and I blew a couple more circuits which made it worse.  I went by Hondatronics at 4:00 pm, it was near dark and James came out with a flashlight.  He trouble shot the problem within minutes.  He fixed all my blown circuits and got my window to roll up.  I was able to drive home that night.
5	I'm from out of town and on our first day of celebrating a bachlorette party our mechanism on our window broke. I called James and we were in and out in a little over an hour. He was honest, fair price and very helpful. Thank you James for not letting this ruin our trip to Vegas. This place is awesome!!!!!!
5	Hondatronics is James Bean, owner and mechanic-in-charge.  His mechanics are good guys, but James is the brain of the place. His wife in the office will disagree. I have been going to James for five years with my 96 Accord. He is consistently fast, honest and straight up about what my car needs and what it doesn't need.  I have never felt hustled or pressured to buy service I didn't need.  When the repair is done, he takes me out into the shop and shows me the parts removed. This is old-school honesty and integrity that in my opinion is very rare.He has told me how to go on-line to find used parts, rather than soaking me for an over-priced OEM part. I like that.It is a family-owned and run business.  James is there for every single repair. I trust him. Period.
5	If you want to know the full story read the whole review. If you are just looking for a quick review read the first paragraph. If you have a honda that needs any type of service and you live in the Vegas area, you would be a fool NOT to take it to James and Hondatronics. James is the most honest, caring, helpful, friendly mechanic I've ever met. He got the work done fast and cheap and it is work that is done REALLY WELL. Take your Honda (or Acura) to James. Trust me. Here's my story. I am an LA native and was driving with my wife to Las Vegas for the weekend. Our car broke down 62 miles outside of Vegas in the middle of nowhere at 10pm on a Friday night. I quickly pulled out my iPhone and yelped some mechanics. Hondatronics seemed to have great reviews so we had the car towed there. We left it in front of the shop at about 11:30 at night with the key in the overnight drop box. By the time we came back in the morning (Saturday morning) James already had our car pulled back around, and diagnosed. Normally Saturday service is by appointment only but because we were in need of some answers quickly James made it happen. And that's not all. It turns out our 66,000 mile Honda civic engine needed to be replaced. Now that's very abnormal. Honda engines are still basically brand new at 66,000 miles. Because of James' expertise with the Honda brand he knew something weird had happened. He took a look through the system and found there was NO OIL in the car. He then took time to determine there was NO OIL LEAK in the car. He came back out to us and asked if we had our car oil serviced anytime recently. We had, in fact. He let us know that the lack of oil caused the engine to basically explode, and that we needed a new one. James did an excellent job, however, documenting all the service and even went so far as to document himself unscrewing the nut from the oil pan and showing there was NO OIL. He saved the oil filter and basically gave us all the evidence we needed to bring the claim to the oil company. Not only did James do an incredible job replacing our engine, he also spent a lot of his own time helping to make sure we had what we needed to fight for our claim. James is the best mechanic I have ever come across. He is honest and stands by his work. Without question, take your Honda or Acura to James and Hondatronics. You won't be disappointed.
5	I won't ever take my Honda anywhere else for repairs!!! Absolutely 5 star service and honest!!!! HIGHLY recommended!!!!!
4	Conclusion: Hondatronics is the place to go if you have problems with your car. James is honest and his prices are fair. I wish there was a hondatronics in Los Angeles. My car has been overheating from time to time and it was driving me insane because each time I took it to Midas, they couldn't seem to figure out what the problem was. My fans were working and my coolant wasn't visibly leaking. Midas charged me for services that didn't fix the problem. The last time I went there, they assured me that the problem was fixed, and being the loyal client, I believed them. So my boyfriend and I drove to Las Vegas and as soon as we got there my car started to overheat like crazy. I was really upset and began to panic. I felt like my car ruined the whole trip. We yelped for a mechanic and came across Hondatronics. I figured since my car is a honda civic, I should probably have it fixed there. The next day I had my car towed there early in the morning.When we took it to James, he diagnosed the problem and told us that the head-gasket was causing the problem. I was impressed by the fact that he was able to identify the problem because Midas was unable to. (I'm hoping that Midas just didn't know and that they weren't trying to rip me off).  James gave us two options: drive the car and keep filling it up with coolant, or have the head gasket fixed at a honda specialist auto shop - perhaps at the dealer. Of course, I asked JAMES to fix my car because he obviously knew what he was doing. James didn't really give me a definite answer as to when the car could be finished. He told us that he would call us by the end of the day because first he had to open the engine and see if anything was warped. However, I didn't receive any phone calls from him that day. My boyfriend and I started to get really anxious because if James needed an extra day to fix my car ... that would mean that we had to make a lot of changes in our plans. I began to doubt Hondatronics and I was worried he would take an advantage of my situation and just over charge us. I was able to talk to him the next day, early in the morning and James told us that he will be able to finish fixing my car by the end of the day. He apologized for not calling the other day and told me that he was working until 9pm. Personally, I DO understand that James has other cars to fix and that my car isn't the only one. I was just really happy and thankful that was able to fix my car by the end of the day. I mean, if not receiving a phone call meant that he was working so that he could get my car fixed by the next day... By all means. Please don't call me. (although it would have been nice if he did call)When we went to pick up the car, James showed us the melted parts. My head gasket was all jacked up and the paint was gone. James explained to us what he believed the problem was. What made me even happier was his price. Despite the bad review below, I was not over charged. Prior to picking up my car, I checked how much it costs to fix the head gasket and James' price was very reasonable. I'm just very impressed that he was able to identify the problem right away when no one I talked to could. if you are having problems with your car, definitely take it to Hondatronics.
4	he helped us out in an emergency pinch while traveling across country earlier this summer.  just make sure if you're gonna spend over $400 on a NEW radiator that it comes with a NEW radiator cap.  You don't wanna end up in Vail, broken down again, only to find out from a local mechanic that your new radiator didn't come with a $5 cap.  all in all he seemed very trustworthy.  that's why we chose him over all the others in Vegas.  i'd recommend him, but don't assume a thing.
4	*******Updated*******It's been a long time since i've been back on yelp but I forgot to update this when they deserved it.  The owner ended up calling me and telling me they charged me the wrong amount so it's only right for me to change their rating.A little disppointed after reading all the reviews.  Bought my car in on a Friday afternoon around 12 because my car wouldn't start.  Had to get it towed there cause it was the closest location that I trusted through the reviews on yelp.  before I dropped it off I called them to ask if they had time to look at my car that day and they said sure they had time.  So I dropped it off at 12 went out to run some errands before I knew it, it was already five and still haven't heard back from them.  gave them a call around 5:10pm and they were already closed and went straight to voice message.  What kind of shop doesn't call you back if they didn't have time to look at it the same day?  If they were going to keep my car over night they should have at least called me back that day.  Anyways I called them back at 8am sharp on saturday because I really needed my car back yesterday. the guy says that they are looking at it now and he'll call me back when they figure it out.  So I end up waiting until 1130am and still no call so I decide to give them a call back and the guy says oh yea we just had to replace the battery. the car had been ready all morning and they never decided to call me to let me know.  On top of that when I go pick up the car they quoted me $180 to change a battery!  Never paid so much to switch a battery out.  I'm sure they did a good job and all but because of the lack of customer service and the ridiculous price for switching a battery I dont think I'll ever go back.
5	They need to rename this place "James the Honda Whisper". We recently acquired a 1989 Honda Prelude beater. And when I say beater the thing is in near showroom condition. Anyhow, the car is high mileage - 240K and unbeknownst to us it was on the original timing belt. Can you guys guess what happens next? Anyhow, the car bent some valves and generally was pissed at itself. James got the car back to health and in perfect condition in no time. I wish I could say it was a cheap repair, but I do know the cost involved in pulling  the head, getting it machined, new guides, etc.....The price James charged us was beyond fair and the car was returned to us perfectly. James knows Hondas, has amazing attention to detail and treats both the customer and vehicles like family. ( And not the side of the family you hate.) Ask to look around the shop- the cleanliness will impress you. Go here.
5	James is AMAZING. Seriously. Not only was he able to give me honest, clear, layperson-terms advice PRE-purchase of a new-to-me used car, when I did make my decision he was my go-to guy for the *cough* awesome *cough* major work I needed only 600 miles into it.Yeah, that.I had made an appointment with him to have the timing belt (original, 105k on an '03 Tiburon) checked out and generally get her first real maintenance taken care of. Always the first thing I do if I buy a car used. Plus, I had another mechanic give me the deets on her before her purchase... Let's just say I should have gone to James.That morning, on the way to work, I lost all ability to move forward. Being on the highway helped (inertia, baby!) so I had a little time to move over, get down an exit, and eventually stop. Ugh.AAA. Tow truck. Car to Hondatronics while I go to work.Antsy and anxious, I kept calling but they hadn't had a chance to really go over her yet. The next morning, I got the call."Are you sitting down?" Yeah, that.It was not good news. The clutch and flywheel required replacement. I have the photos. It's not pretty. I can't lie. I cried. I *just* bought this car.James was, as I said at the beginning, AMAZING. He talked me through all my options, explained everything in detail about the parts and labor involved, and even gave me advice on buying the parts myself and having them shipped to him. Sure, it saves a few bucks... but then I have no warranties. We looked at everything. In the end, he did it all - parts and labor - blazing fast (we talked at 3ish in the afternoon... I had my car back by 11am the next day). They worked into the evening and did everything they could to make me as happy as they could in this situation. The education didn't stop there. He showed me the old parts, discussed with me the hows and whys of what we did. It still hurt the pocketbook - not his fault by any means - but my head and heart were good.Truly, truly, unlike any other shop I have ever been to. And, as long as he will have me as a customer, the only one I will go to here in Vegas.
5	James ( and by extension the whole shop) is awesome.The first day I was there there was a powerline drooping dangerously a block away from the shop. They were on generator power. Did they get my brake job done? Of course they did. Was the price right? Absolutely. Did James encourage me to send my waiting wife and child home because they were almost done and he was worried about my family? Yes he did.The next time I came back leaking oil freaking out. James called me and let me know the oil filter was loose. (Thanks Jiffylube!)  No charge. That same visit James talked to me about how much my door activators were going to cost (my idea), while his shop was charging me 30% less than what Honda would have ( I checked) he almost sounded reluctant to do the work and mentioned "that's pretty expensive for door locks." Doors work great. The bottom line is that this shop does great work honestly for a fair price. And although all my work has been done on my Pilot, he does other makes too. A Great Honda shop.
5	Hey guys, here to tell you that if you have an Acura or Honda I absolutely recommend you  come here. James the Owner, is a very professional individual and is on your side.   I came to him specifically for suspension work  he has been great!!Thanks again James for your hard work and your patience!!!A R
4	Transmission blew on the way into Vegas at Stateline.  Towed car to shop and conducted all business over the phone.  James was nice and knowledgable.  I needed a new tranny but he gave me options (we can refill tranny and you could "limp" back to CA)... I opted for a new one.  Offered 2 tranny options. 1 now and have car back in timely manner or order another from CA for 4 days longer.  Price difference was around grand.  Again, more options.  Couldn't wait that long, so bit the bullet.  James worked with me on price and I varified price from my regular shop in CA.  All in all, I had as pleasent an experience as I could have.  No up sale or extra crap, just the repair.
5	We drove to Las Vegas on vacation from Los Angeles, which is a 300 mile drive.  During the last 60 miles, we noticed something terribly wrong with our Honda Odyssey and drove slowly on the shoulder until we got into town.  We first took the minivan to Sears Auto Repair, but they said we needed to go to a Honda specialist.  We next went to the local Honda dealer.  The mechanic hooked the vehicle up to the computer and said the code indicated that we needed a new transmission.  They proceeded to write up a quote for $4,600.  The vehicle is a 2004 model with only 89,000 miles on it.  Based upon all the positive reviews on Yelp, we took our minivan to James at Hondatronics.  James told us that the code said that there was a gear problem, but that he did not know for sure whether we needed a new transmission or not.  He recommended that we flush the transmission fluid a few times since it was extremely dirty and gritty, which cost us only $226.  He then suggested that we drive it around town, and that we stop back before we leave Vegas to make sure the fluid is still clean (which we did and it was).  Should we need a new transmission, James quoted us $3,300.  James suggested we drive home keeping the speed under 65 mph and the RPMs below 2500.  We followed James' advice and made it home safely without any problems.  Now we can drive the vehicle around town and see what happens.  We may still need a new transmission.  Only time will tell.  But the problem may prove to be only that we needed clean transmission fluid.  Imagine spending $4,600 at the Honda Dealership for something we may not even need.  James was honest and up front, kind and helpful, and we really appreciated all that he did for us.  We were really lucky to have found James, given that we were from out of town and did not know anyone from whom we could have gotten a personal referral.  But thanks to Yelp we found this gem!
5	Until I discovered Hondatronics I was a firm believer in that 'honest mechanic' was an oxymoron.A couple months back a motorcycle cop kindly informed with a ticket that all of my taillights were out. I thought it to be odd that every single tail light (there are 4 in total) suddenly decided to give out on me.I took it in to a nearby Midas which offered "free diagnostics" and was quoted around $350.00 to replace the light switch which had gone out. I was about to sign off on the repairs until a close friend recommended me to Hondatronics. I brought it in and was initially a little hesitant because I had not heard of the place before. Located near the Orleans hotel it's a relatively small garage tucked away amongst other car repair and body shops.About 2 hours after dropping it off I got a call which told me that for some reason all of my bulbs had blown possibly due to a power surge. They replaced all of the bulbs for me for a grand total of about $13.00. James and wife who jointly run the garage are definitely honest and fair priced mechanics and I have never taken my car elsewhere.
5	James performed a pre-purchase inspection of a used car I was hoping to buy. Even though he didn't find any problems, he spent a good amount of time talking with me (as a first-time Honda owner) about what to expect moving forward and how to best maintain the vehicle. He refused payment for the inspection - saying he doesn't charge for pre-purchase inspections - even though I live in LA and wouldn't be coming back to him for future services. (And I really insisted...he really refused!) He seemed like a really genuine guy who is on the 'good side' in the fight against all of the scammers out there in the used car industry.Two thumbs up for James - wish he were in LA!!
5	Lost my AC on the way into Los Vegas, called  these guys and made an appointment based on yelp reviews.  They fixed the problem, were quick about it and charged me less than quoted.Friendly, fast and fair.
5	I'd give them more stars if I could. I can't tell you how many times I've been in here (a 20 year old car will do that to you), but it's always a pleasure. Surprising, I know! James and Nicole are not only nice, but superbly knowledgeable and caring. I first heard of them from my Fed Ex guy- he positively raved about how great they were. I finally gave them a try when I bought a used Honda Accord. They did a bunch of work on it to get it in tip top shape since it had been sitting in a garage for a long time. Shortly after, we encountered some additional unrelated problems, and they accommodated us so quickly and for such a reasonable price I was ecstatic. Every time we've gone, we've feared the worst, and it's always been reasonable and fixed correctly. I love that James always explains everything and shows us the old parts.I have a limited knowledge of mechanics and always used to do basic repairs at home when I lived in California, so the thought of coming to a new area and finding a new mechanic made me really uneasy. I love knowing that now I have a reputable shop that would never try to pull one over on me. In fact, it makes me want to only have an Acura or Honda (since that's all they work on, to my knowledge).
5	Feb 2013 - P.S.  It's almost a year later, and knock on wood, but my transmission is still running fine.  I have not needed a new one yet!
5	Ive been taking my cars to James since 1995. I am a 3rd generation customer that couldn't recommend this mechanic enough.I've owned 87, 92, 98 Integras & 94, 98, 00, 02 Civics. He's worked on my Grand fathers Acura Legend, my dads 89 Accord and my moms 97 Toyota Camry.I now live in Sacramento, CA but am willing to wait until I drive to Vegas next month to have a rear main seal, new belts and a good once/twice over done to my Toyota 4Runner.As professional and passionate about his work as they come! And I'd feel MORE than comfortable having him work on a 4th generation Carpenter when my 10 year old starts driving in 2018!A+++  Thanks James and Nicole!
5	After getting a repair estimate from a local Honda dealership, I decided to check recommendations for alternate car repair services in Las Vegas. Based on the RAVE reviews about Hondatronics, I decided to go there and get a second repair estimate for my '98Honda Accord. James' price was almost $200 less than the local Honda dealership. My Honda was repaired and ready by 2:30 p.m. the following day. Several weeks later, my car continues to idle and drive flawlessly (no more engine mount issues!). I will definitely return to Hondatronics for all my car care needs and have already told others about Hondatronics. In Las Vegas, it is difficult if not next to impossible to find good, honest and reliable automotive repair businesses. I've found one in Hondatronics and they will be my first call the next time my Honda needs to be serviced.
5	We were on a roadtrip from New Orleans to Los Angeles. Vegas was our last stop and right when we literally got on the freeway to go home, my check engine light came on. This was scary because we were from out of town, and what if we went to a local mechanic and they rip us off because knowing we are desperately trying to get home!Hondatronics saved our butts! We drove up about an hour before closing, and the super nice guy who was there (I forgot his name but I think he was the owner) said he would do the diagnoses of the check engine light. He came out the car and did the check (I drive a 1997 Honda CR-V with over 189,000 miles on it, and of course we had just driven all the way across the country). He said the engine was running lein, but we should be fine to drive all the way back to Los Angeles and turned the light off for us. He didn't mind that we obviously couldn't give him the business, he was just being an awesome nice guy and didn't charge us for anything. We got back fine and I've since had my local mechanic here work on the issue. This is a sign of a place you can trust which is why I am writing the review. If you live in Las Vegas and own a Honda, give this place a try!
5	Ok, I thought for awhile about what to say on Yelp about Hondatromics, and came up with a myriad of things.  I really want to keep this as short as possible yet be comprehensive about my feelings toward Hondatronics, and James and Nicole Bean, the owners.I began taking an Acura RSX-S to Hondatronics (from here on out I will refer to this store as H.T.) when James and Nicole purchased it from Keith Doyle, who opened the store years before.  I was scared when James and Nicole took over as I had a few Acura and Hondas and was always pleased with Keith's work.  H was honest, professional, fair, and amazing. Since the new owners took the reins, H.T. His only gotten better.  On my 2nd visit I witnessed something which James said he honesty doesn't recall.  I lady was at H.T. To pick up her Civic. By the symptoms she outlined, James had prepared hermit the news that she, likely, needed a new transmission; and she was given an estimate of $1,800.  She had the cash in her hand when she entered the store, ready to pay. While waiting for a bit for James to come in from the service bay, we talked.  She said she was a 6th grade teacher, and was not prepared in the least for a new transmission, especially since educators are so seriously under-paid for the job they do. She was not happy, until James came in.  He told her that he was able to CORRECT the problem by seriously cleaning out her gears and changing out the transmission fluid, along with some kind of filter.  Her bill?  She owed H.T. A grand total of $78!!!!!  (And James had already begun apologizing that her bill was THAT much.). Remember that she had $1,800 in her hand, ready to pay!!!  After that visit, my feelings toward H.T., James, and Nicole were confirmed.  I WAS IN THE RIGHT PLACE, AND DEALING WITH THE RIGHT PEOPLE.Ok, that was a few years back, but the fact remain the same.  I have been back to H.T. probably 45'times since then.  I have always been treated with professionalism and honestly.  I haven't always liked hearing what James or Nicole have told me regarding what they found wrong or the price to fix it, but not once have I ever questioned their findings or the price to fix it.  They have always been straightforward with me, and always given me a price lower than EVERY other store that specialized in repairing Honda products.  I'm so happy to have found this shop and James and Nicole that I even asked him to repair my Honda lawnmower, but he politely declined .  THESE PEOPLE AND THEIR SHOP DESERVE THE SUPPORT OF THIS COMMUNITY. THEY HAVE WORKED VERY HARD, AND HAVE EARNED EVERY CUSTOMER THEY HAVE BY DOING EVERYTHING WITH HONESTY AND INTEGRITY AS THE FOUNDATION FOR THEIR  SUCCESS.  MY CARS WILL FOREVER BE HANDLED BY NICOLE, JAMES, AND HONDATRONICS.  Recently I pondered the idea of a BMW for my next car.  I quickly changed my mind when James told me he doesn't work on BMWs.  Thanks for all the care and honesty you have shown me and my family over the years.  (And especially for talking me out of the Beemer.)
5	Suuuuper friendly staff got me in and out with an oil change in under 30 minutes! I walked in without an appointment but they took me right in. Very helpful and affordable prices are just a perk!  I absolutely recommend giving Hondatronics your business!
5	Friendly honest service. Saved our Thanksgiving vacation and got us back on the road quickly.
4	Not just trusting any ol' shop to put their hands on my newly acquired 86' Honda Prelude Si.  The folks at Hondatronics so far have got my vote!Took Eva (yes that's my car's name) in for a quick checkup and look-see of what may be needed down the road since I just purchased her over the summer.  Owner James did a thorough look through of the inner workings of my classic ride, and got no grease on her in the process!  He was very careful with my baby.The prognosis was quick, only took about 20 minutes for James and his crew to see any potential issues.  He checked all the fluids and said they were still topped, and said the engine was still pretty and running strong!  It will need a few gaskets changed and resealed in the near future, but nothing major for the time being.  He made up a quote sheet of what needed to be addressed and there was no pressure of coming back in the immediate month or two.  The quotes for the parts and labor were on the higher side because of the work that needs to be done, but he said I should be good to drive Eva for now and to save up the money in the meantime.  He would check on these issues again the next time I was in for an oil change.  Luckily that day, no charge!  Some of these shops charge upwards of $30 just for a diagnosis.  Spent some time catching up on some light tuner reading in their plush little waiting area.James mentioned he liked my 'Lude, and that he used to have an 86' just like her before he sold it to some punk kid that riced it out to no end.  He regrets it to this day.  Seeing mine brought back some memories, and he told me to keep it all stock and maintained.  Do that, and Eva would purr like a kitten for a long time to come.Hondatronics is great for your Honda/Acura needs, especially if you have an older one like I do.  They use OEM parts for all jobs, or high quality aftermarket parts for those harder to find pieces.  They do service other Japanese car brands, but Honda/Acura is their forte!  Honda enthusiasts, I like it.
5	Absolutely, hands down,  the best place to take your Honda or Acura to. Friendly staff at the counter, clean waiting room,  flat screen TV,  coffee counter and snack machine.  Conveniently within walking distance of the Orleans if you want to kill time. I took my Honda Ridgeline in for a diagnostic and was quoted half the price of any of the Honda dealerships. They were able to pinpoint the problem and even talked me through what the problem was,  I never felt pressured. I will take my Ridgeline back again for sure and have recommended them many times already.  Hard to find good,  honest, qualified technicians like this.
5	Best mechanic period. James and his crew have always been honest about my cars. After fixing a major break, like a hose, belt, or motor, James will call me the next day to make sure things are operating correctly. Everyone there is friendly and they show that they want to help you out.When ever I am out of town and have car problems, I call James first to get an over the phone, rough idea, as to what is wrong with my car before I take it to another mechanic. But if the problem can wait till getting back to Vegas, then James is my main man.
5	Went today for an oil change and they're closed, for lease sign up and no one at the place, it appears HondaTronics is no more (hopefully they find a new location)
5	This was the place I took my Honda to for the last 10 years. They were the best! Unfortunately, they are closed now. :( Guess I'll have to find a new place for the time being.
5	My wife and I always take our honda's here to get any major repairs done. The prices are good and the owner is very good about explaining what the problems were with the car and showing you the old parts.
5	I can't believe this place has closed down. This was the spot to get your Honda repaired quickly. James and his crew was definitely fast and did the job the proper way. It pains me that this place is no longer open...
3	I just recently took my 02' civic si for a repair because my A/C fan stopped working. I dropped it off on a Monday afternoon because they close at 5 pm. I didn't get a phone call the day after so I waited. Almost week went by and I didn't hear from them so I called on Friday and asked what was going on, I then spoke with the mechanic and he gave me a quote. I picked up my car on Monday morning and was fixed and ready to go; however, they broke a piece from my e-brake and didn't tell me about it. I didn't say anything because it is a relatively easy piece to fix but I found it very unprofessional. Also, they replaced a part (cabin air filters) without telling and charged me at the counter. Mind you, it wasn't a very expensive part ($25) but I had already bought it and was waiting to get my car back to place it.Would I take my car back? Maybe; only if I didn't find anything betterIs it worth it? Definitely not as a first-stop place, I would recommend going elsewhere. The lack of communication and inability to tell me they broke something is unacceptable to me.
