5	I love this room. I fall in love with spaces when they find the gentle magic to be both intimate and open, romantic and friendly, neighborly and exotic. The size of National is perfect for shows - standing room on the floor is maybe 400? When the balcony is open it probably doubles the capacity, but even with just 200 on the floor it doesn't feel empty at all, you just feel right, and lucky to be there watching Sloan (for example ;) in a room that always feels like it's full of old friends. The floor is slanted so every view is a good view, this is preferable (to me) over having steps in the middle of the floor to trip you up in the dark. The coat check is at the back of the main room, and the bar is in the lobby - both feel sort of oddly placed but not in a bad way. Drinks aren't crazy over priced and all the staff I've encountered have been super funny and nice. The sound is fairly good, and I think better for warmer, more acoustic shows. The building itself is stunning. Inaugurated in 1900 in the heart of St Catherine est it's a historic home for Quebecois theatre, comedy and music and still of of our very best rooms in a city with a fair number of heart breakers. Red, gold, and ornate in the old high way of spectacle love.
4	Not a bad venue; plenty of standing room and adequate viewing angles. Beer was bit expensive IMO but would return
4	decent venue to enjoy a show. the balcony view is not the greatest if you don't get front row seats especially when they close the side seating. on the other hand, there's no bad viewing spots on the floor unless you're stuck behind really tall people. the good thing is the benches on both side of the floor where you can seat. pretty comfy benches. and if security doesn't harass you, you can actually stand up which gives you vintage viewing point ;)the lighting is not the greatest if you're not in the bowl (middle) of the floor though so taking good pictures is hard.the really bad of this place? it can't handle extremely low bass so during jams, it gets extremely noisy and make it quite hard to understand the lyrics. besides that, sound is quite good unless you get crappy sounding band.other than that, no complaints. can't comment on the alcohol prices as i don't drink during shows. at least, not the commercial disgusting piss beers.
