3	Therapy Cafe's restaurant is smaller than I expected.  It's no surprise that when the weather's nice they open up patio seating.   Their martinis pack a punch, which is the best thing about Therapy.  They have a huge martini menu.  The food selection is rather limited.  Their main offerings are appetizers and sandwiches.  On a Wednesday evening I had a buffalo chicken sandwich and a vodka Down & Dirty.  Both were excellent.  My only complaint would be that for a dinner venue, the music was really loud.  We were all hoarse from shouting just to keep basic conversation going by the end of a 2 hour dinner which isn't that long.  The weekends sound really crowded so I'll probably avoid it on Fridays and Saturdays since I don't like mobs.  But I'd come back for dinner again during the week.
3	Therapy was a cool place for a first date.  The decor is nice and the drinks are great, and they have a long martini list.  The bartender was a big help in choosing a drink.  If you work or live uptown, this is a great place to relax and unwind.
3	I've only ever been to Therapy late at night, when it's more of a martini bar/lounge than a restaurant. They've got an extensive menu of martinis, so basically it's a nice, upscale place to hang out and get a little sloshed. Watch out for the double martinis. I'm pretty sure it's smoke-free inside, which is a HUGE plus.
4	Got an adventurous group with nothing to do on a Wednesday night?  Take them to Therapy!  No, not the psychiatrist you pay $150 per session for to lament about why your mother doesn't love you.  I'm talking about the martini bar called Therapy in Uptown Charlotte.  All martinis are 1/2 price on Wednesday nights.We've had a lot of fun going with a group of about 10 people.  You've gotta get there early after work, though, because the bar is small and they have limited seating both inside and out.  And for a large group, if you're not early, some of you may have to go half@$$ on a chair.  We've sat outside in the blistering summer heat on a Wednesday evening and had a fantastic experience.  The martini menu is extensive and there are most likely tens of combinations you've never even heard of.  This is your chance to break out from your traditional Cosmo or Sour Apple Martini and try something new!  Each round, all ten of us would order a different martini on the menu and then pass it around the table.  I think we may have gotten through about half of the martinis on the menu.  Some were awesome, some were good, and some were not-so-good.  But at least if they were not-so-good, you only had to take a sip of it; you weren't stuck with it for the rest of the night.  It provided some great social interaction and commentary, and hopefully the alcohol killed any coldsores anyone might have had.My only suggestions to Therapy would be to make a more attractive outdoor seating area, turn down the music (it IS a small place, so are speakers really necessary?), and have additional staff on busier nights.
2	Therapy reopened after expanding into the space previously occupied by Lola's and supposedly had an expanded menu.Unfortunately, their renovations didn't extend through the entire space, so my boyfriend and I were stuck sitting in front of the cafteria style kitchen line in tables that were obviously left over from Lola's. It felt completely disconnected from the energenic atmosphere of the rest of the place. And if I had to hear a waiter yell for mayo one more time, I was going to ask them to use their inside voice.The food was basic and over-priced. Fun for drinks, but don't bother with the food unless you've already had several martinis and won't notice how boring the food is. And if they offer you seating to the right of the door, say no thank you and hit a drive through on the way home - it would be more special.
2	Not a good first impression. I went with a few friends to Therapy for the first time on Wednesday night. I heard about their great martinis for $6 and I was eager to get my hands on one. We walked in and put our name on a waiting list (but it seemed like we were the only ones that did so and it didn't seem too busy). We stood around for at least 20 minutes watching other people being seated. Maybe I was too involved in conversation with my company, but it just seemed not right. We were standing pretty close to the bar and grabbed a menu hoping to get a drink while we were waiting. However, we never saw a bartender anywhere close. I have to admit, though, the drink names are very fun and creative!One perk was that you can park in the lower parking garage and they validate.Just based on the initial walk-in experience, I wasn't impressed. Even though it wasn't packed, I think the front of the house could have communicated to us better about our wait or at least be more friendly.
4	I really enjoyed Therapy --all the drinks have fun names something to do with therapy-- the service and food were both excellent. our table shared the nachos and I had the chicken salad sandwich they even let me add veggies instead of fries, but the fries were good too i tried some of my friend's fries! The owner/manager brought our table over complimentary strawberries, whip cream and fudge which was to die for! There was a very cool live band as well. I will definitely be back soon
4	Therapy is a good little place to go, I didn't try the food but the drinks were good and not too expensive.Things were creative and we had a fantastic bartender who found a few drinks for someone as picky as I am to fully enjoy.Try their Irish Coffees, simply FANTSTIC.
4	Well hey there, I guess it's time for Therapy. Instead of reminiscing about my childhood, let's make time to evaluate a ridiculously long list of martinis, many with inappropriate names. Therapy has gone through some changes over the past year or two, morphing from a small martini bar to a larger scale "marketplace and cafe" that still offers live music and an enormous martini menu. I have to think that they're trying to be everything to everyone at this point, as they now offer breakfast, lunch and dinner. Odd, but I won't knock it until I try it. It's been ages since I popped by Therapy for a meal, so I can only fairly evaluate their libations.I copied their drink special from their website...here they are:mon:  Bartender Selection $2tues:  $2 domestics & $3 microbrewswed:  award winning 1/2 price martini nightthurs:  $5 house flavored margarita martinisfri:  select 1/2 price glasses & bottles of winelive music, no coversat:  live music, no coverI'm a fan of their half price martini Wednesdays, as they conjure up some super creative beverages. The regular martini price is $12, so for $6 you get a sizeable martini made by some talented bartenders. A few of my favorites are: You've Got Some Balls, Narcissus Nectar and the Chocolate Adonis (a dessert in a glass). I recommend getting here early if you're going to partake in the half price martinis, as it can get a bit crowded. And as Faith D. noted - they validate parking in the connecting garage, hooray!Happy & safe consumption!
5	The 5 stars is for a must-do Wednesday 1/2 price martini night.  The lengthy menu will keep you coming back for more.  I didn't catch the pour, I'm sure it is bottom shelf but when you mix it you don't lose.  The servings are generous and not watered down like you get at a lot of places when they have martini specials.My husband and I simply sat at the bar.  When the weather cools will certainly opt for outdoor seating.  The staff and other patrons were friendly and quite happy to get their weekly Therapy!
