1	To start off, I'm not a snob. When I go to a Subway, I do NOT expect the worlds best, or even middling sandwich. I DO however expect something edible. I've had subway sanwiches from coast to coast, and I can say without a doubt that from the service, to the finished product, this outlet serves stands out as the worst in every way, The bread tatsted sour, the meat tasted old, and they didnt put the correct toppings on, I was unable to direct them since they seemed to be in the middle of a rush, the fact that I was the only person there makes me think the rush was more to get a smoke break.Sometimes I crave a Spicy Italian sub, but this place really took the cravinging out of me. I've driven by oither subways, and debated, but the fact that this place took my money for 2 sandwiches that my wife and I couldnt eat more than 2 bites of, I even took the meat out and tried to see if I could eat just the meat... but couldnt, has made Subway a chain that it will be a long time till I risk another chance with.Which is a shame, because for cheap eats, they have always been a decent value. I wrote the customer service line, and got a prompt response from the main headquarters, but the local owner never responded, which lets me know where the problem is, or at least is a huge clue.
1	As a follow up, it's been long enough where I could have heard back from the owner, but haven't.However world headquarters returned my email with a call, and gave me the list of shops in Arizona this man owns.I will be avoiding them going forward..1106 n gilbert mesa1221 s gilbert mesa3550 esouthern6140 w chandler blvd1900 w chandler1561 n cooper rd gilbert876 mcqueen gilbert
2	I generally speaking love subway, but this was my first experience with this store. . . And by far was the WORST experience I've had.  I wanted to rate this at one star, but the general consensus of the party I was with was two stars.   Congratulations to this company, here are four people that will tell about their low quality service and food.  They got right on making our food, but the level of responsiveness while making it was. . Subpar.  When they ASKED me if I wanted my sandwich toasted, I said no, and (this seems to be a running theme with subway) they toasted it anyway.  I think they blanket toast ALL of their sandwiches, even when someone knows that they are not going to eat it right away, so if its toasted, the meal, when eaten, will be some sort of sad lukewarm.  Every condiment was flavorless, and the entire thing was lukewarm and bland.  I don't think they added any salt when I asked. There were really no upsides to my sandwich. Or my experience. I wouldn't ever return to this store, especially since there is a GREAT Subway right down the road at Val Vista and Baseline.  Go there instead!
1	I agree with the previous reviews. Just had the worst experience at the subway at val vista and southern and refuse to ever go back there. The employee refused to make.my salad saying I couldn't make that sub a salad. It says specifically that u can make any sub a salad for 6.00. The guy tried charging me extra for it and when questioned he said he had to charge me extra and that's the way the system was. He opened the drawer and literally threw the upcharge at me! I told him I wanted the managers name. They gave me a number but doesn't look like I'll be getting any responses from them. I decided I didnt want the salad after all he THREW THE MONEY at me. He refunded it and I went down the street to val vista and baseline...awesome salad and customer service there!!!!
