4	Stopped in here just this morning, and it turned out to be their first day. Those of you familiar with Kim's Noodles know the space. Rosie's is doing some good things with it--including a fireplace nook that appears to be waiting to be loaded with books. The bar has been turned into a, well, coffee bar. The coffee itself was delicious. That is always an important thing for me, and this was as good as any downtown coffee shop. I grabbed a box of donuts, which were a hit with staff here at work. I'll have to try other items soon. They also do cakes for special occassions.
4	Fantastic coffee, great service and fresh doughnuts. I've been here twice in as many days and personally think this place has a lot of potential..... Elapsed time.... Ok I come here every time I'm in the neighborhood same great coffee, same great service!
5	Excellent new coffee place on Monona Dr. Multiple plug ins, great coffee, excellent food and bakery items. Spacious updated seating areas as well. Come here to study or have business meetings/lunches... You won't be disappointed.
3	Great donuts but a breakfast/brunch/coffee place that isn't open on Sunday? Seriously? Would get five stars if they were open for Sunday breakfast.
4	Great new place on Monona Drive! My partner loved the asparagus soup and bread with herbed butter. Iced coffee was a little weak. Overall, great ambiance with plenty of outlets to plug in for free wifi. Loved the booths, bathroom was clean, service was excellent.
4	Walking in to Rosie's you are greeted with a friendly 'hello', a welcoming smile, and a delicious set of deserts displayed right before you. You can either have a seat to your right in some cozy booths, or take a left and grab a drink at their large coffee bar. I do think that the real treasure here are the baked goods. They are cheap and scrumptious. Their cinnamon rolls are about the size of a human head and are only $3. All of their deserts just taste superb. However, the rest of their food is just alright. I ordered the Chicken Salad sandwich and was neither thrilled nor disappointed. The croissant from the sandwich was probably the best part, go figure. I had a side of pasta salad and it was a little bland, but still edible. Overall it was just ok.It's a new establishment so there are bound to be some kinks that need to be fixed, but like others have said this place has great potential, especially with it's new management and appreciative staff. They're all so nice. It's lovely.I got word that they are making a breakfast menu and are going to start serving breakfast next week! I definitely think breakfast will be Rosie's forte.
5	I stopped in this morning for some coffee and breakfast. It was their breakfast "soft opening", so I was lucky enough to be among the first to try some of the best biscuits and gravy I have had in Madison. The biscuit was homemade, crisp on the outside, and chewy on the inside. The gravy was flavorful and -not- overwhelmingly salty (a huge problem with some restaurants) with just enough chunks of sausage to satisfy me. The side of rosemary potatoes were delicious, too. I also saw an egg-y croissant sandwich that looked pretty fantastic, so I will have to try that out soon. Other options include smoothies, oatmeal, strata, and a bunch of breakfast pastries.Now, the food was great...but one of the best things about this spot is that they serve Johnson Brothers Coffee. Also known as some of the best coffee on the planet. Not only that, but they love their coffee, a lot, and you can order a standard drip coffee, pour over, french press, or have them use a fancy percolator. Pour-over is a fantastic way to enjoy a quality roast, but they do it right so you can expect to wait around 5 minutes for your cup to be ready once they start making it. OH! The donut. How can I forget the donut?? I chose a glazed yeast donut. The glaze is sweet, but not overwhelming. The donut itself is chewy and has almost a bit of a tang to it. They look similar to a krispy kreme, but they taste unlike any other yeast donuts I have had before. Very tasty. Did I mention that the service is fantastic and everyone is incredibly friendly and chatty?
5	Went in to check them out, never been there before but noticed the insane traffic through their tiny parking lot and was curious. Wow, DELICIOUS food!! Owner and staff are super nice and welcoming. Everything is made there, from scratch. Breakfast sandwich was a behemoth to behold! Literally! YUM!! And the best darn cherry turnover I have EVER had!
5	Rosie's makes the best doughnuts I have ever enjoyed. I travel quite often for work and their doughnuts are worth a trip every time I'm in Madison. They always blow me away with the texture, flavor, and sheer quality of product. FANTASTIC!! The espresso is pretty awesome as well. EAT A ROSIE'S DOUGHNUT AND YOUR DAY WILL BE BETTER.
5	I really like the vibe in this place..I've only been here for lunch and have not had any pastries. I really like their panini pressed sandwich fair. The Madison is lovely little gnosh of humus and veggies. Nothing earth shaking, but a nice little sandwich. This is a great addition for this end of Monona drive.
4	Raised Glazed donut was wonderful & my latte was excellent. The staff are friendly, & the place is clean. I'm looking forward to returning soon.
4	Simple but delicious little cafe for lunch!  The baked good are quite yummy, and my husband and I shared two of their sandwiches and were NOT disappointed.  This place is a little gem!
5	Hidden gem right out in the open! Very friendly! Tons of coffee options, espresso drinks, pour overs, etc. Serving local JBC coffee. The pastries are not like any I've found in Madison. All made in house. I love scones, think i had the best scone I've eaten: blueberry/lemmon! Lot's of seating options: coffee bar, booths and soft seating. Great to study or with a small group.My new favorite coffee shop!
4	Had the sunrise egg croissant with potatoes and good coffee. The restaurant is fresh and clean and the service is very helpful and cheery. The sandwich was a large croissant with very soft and fluffy scrambled eggs and chives. Add some salt to the rosemary roasted red potatoes and they are perfectly soft (although I roast my own to more crispy). The sandwich is large and a bit unwieldy as a handheld, so grab a fork and eat it like an open face. I wish the sandwich came with meat - sausage would be a nice addition. There are better croissants in town, but that doesn't detract from the Sunrise.I didn't get anything from the buttery bakery counter, so a return trip will happen. To the extent they are locally sourcing ingredients is appreciated. As is the cheery big band music on the speakers.I also left a yelp comment on the sausage gravy. Run, don't walk, to try this stuff. I always try the gravy if it's on a menu and nothing is ever as good as mom's. But this one is the first that comes close. You can tell it is from scratch and not low fat. The Avenue's brunch gravy pales in comparison. Trust me. This stuff is the real deal.
4	A friend of mine (Kent) brought me some cake from Rosie's tonight. It was chocolate, but there were definite hints of raspberry in there. Hands down, it was some of the best cake I have ever had! I highly recommend this bakery!
5	I had a wonderful lunch here today: the grilled cheese sandwich made with pear slices and Brie accompanied by a tasty side salad of mixed greens with just the right amount of vinaigrette dressing. Butternut squash soup is one of my favorite fall dishes. Rita's may be the best that I've ever tasted. My date had a Meg Ryan moment when she tasted it. The dessert case is filled to the brim with temptations that I will need to sample on a return visit.
5	Wonderful paninis! We came in for lunch and ordered two paminis; the Eddie and the Pear and Brie. Both I would get again!
5	I love this place! It's a hip scene on Monona Drive and the quality of all of the products and service is outstanding. JBC Coffee Roasters coffee is as good as it gets and the food is phenomenal. The staff is so welcoming and friendly--you can tell that the owners must treat them very well because they're always happy!
5	I have been to Rosie's to buy coffee and pastries for coworkers everything we tried was delicious.  I was looking to find better than grocery store pies for Thanksgiving, but it was very last minute (the day before) but I thought to give Rosie's a call.  The woman who helped me and took my order was soooo nice and was super accommodating so that I was able to pick up fresh pies that afternoon.  The caramel apple walnut and pumpkin pies were still warm and smelled absolutely fantastic.  I somehow managed to not devour them before serving to my guests the next day.  The quality of the pies was amazing.  Totally fresh ingredients and everything made from scratch with care, talent, and love and they look beautiful.  These pies cannot even be compared to grocery store pies and are completely worth their price.  Both were a huge hit with my guests and I can't wait to order pies from Rosie's again!!!
