2	I would not recommend this place. I went in recently for a fill on my acrylics. They don't have the best color selection, the fill took almost 2 hours and within 2 days 2 of the nails had broken!
5	I love Katie's and will not go anywhere else to get my nails done.   I have been going there for about 4 years and have no complaints.  Sure, when you walk in they might seem a little rude, but once you get talking, everyone opens up.  They are actually quite funny.  Katie knows that I am a dog groomer and am very hard on my nails.  My nails do not break and on the rare occasion that they do, Katie is very prompt to repair it.
5	Katie's is great.  They listen to what you say, and they can even fix ingrown toenails.  Wait time has never been more than 15 minutes.  Also, Katie remembers everything about everyone!  I have tried almost every other nail salon within a 3-mile radius, and Katie's truly is the best.
1	So sad to say, I have to change my rating from 5 stars to 1.  I had been a faithful customer of Katie's for years, at least 3 or 4!  She told me she wasn't going to be doing nails anymore because she had developed carpal tunnel.  I was heartbroken.  But she told me she was training the others in her shop to be able to do nails like her so I figured I would continue to go there.  Next appt I needed, I called and scheduled and said it doesn't matter with who because Katie isn't doing nails anymore, right?  I was then told that Katie is still doing nails but she was full that day.  Very hurtful!  I always tipped her VERY well and was always willing to work with her schedule.  But needless to say, I don't go there anymore, haven't been there since I ended up cancelling that appt and going elsewhere.
5	I've been going to Katie for about two years after a referral by my boss. I have gone to many different nail stylists, but have always had problems with the acrylics lifting and cracking because my nails are very curved. With Katie, this has never been a problem. I don't know how she does it, but her acrylics stay put. I always get compliments on my nails - even two weeks after my appointment. They stay looking good for a long time and that is saying something since I am VERY rough on my nails. Katie also has a full rainbow of gel colors available. I recently went through a spell where I wanted something different from my usual pink-and-white so I switched seamlessly to gel for about two months. This was a lot of fun and it is amazing how long the color stays on and shiny. However, I've gone back to pink-and-white because that is how I prefer my nails. Pedicures here are great too... ask for Kevin as he is fabulous.
5	Nails are one of my small indulgences- a monthly pedicure keeps my toes in sandal condition during the summer. Historically I haven't had much loyalty to one nail place or another- but this one might change that. I saw Kevin for my appointment, and not only did he do a a fantastic job, but he was personable and nice to talk to. The place was clean and my wait time was minimal. A basic mani/pedi combo was only $35, which is a steal if you ask me! I'll definitely be back. It gets five stars because if you're comparing it to other strip mall nail places, it's as good as it gets! I figure that's a lot more fair than comparing it to Dolce or the Phoenician.
5	Traveling through Arizona and needed some 'me time' once we stopped at our hotel in Scottsdale. I called around, found Gel Q and headed over. Joe, my nail tech was so detail oriented during my entire mani-pedi. He was also very gifted at massage. The atmosphere was tranquil and professional and the pedicure chairs had massagers in them that were to die for! It was just the relaxing appointment I was hoping for. Thank you gel q!
5	Finally a good nail spot in OT!  After stopping at several nail salons last Saturday that were closed, packed or too shady to step foot in, we used our Yelp apps and navigated our way to Gel-O! Thank you fellow yelpers for this recommendation!  From the outside this place appears to be a typical strip mall nail salon, but one you walk in it has a slightly classier feel to it.  We were greeted immediately and given an estimated wait.  As I was deciding on a color I noticed something that (shouldn't but) really impressed me.  They don't appear to be watering down their colors, what a treat!  In addition, they had a good selection of modern colors with bottles that were pretty full.  Lately I've noticed that a lot of the nail salons dilute the polish as it is used to make it last longer for them... but as a result it either never dries or flakes off way too quickly. I was also very pleased to see the lady sanitize every single thing she used for the pedicure, including the basket that she stored the tools in, A++!The prices are about $5 more than the typically strip mall salon, but it was well worth it. I had a 4 star spa quality pedicure for half the price. I swear she massaged my feet and legs for about 30 minutes, I was in heaven! I'll definitely be back.
2	After reading the Yelp reviews, I decided to try this place today (even though I had sworn off "chop shop manicures") and was pretty disappointed.Seriously, Girls, 5 stars? I had a manicure and pedicure. Neither were satisfactory.The people that work there seemed okay, but the stares and laughs you endure were anything but relaxing. The actual mani/pedi was sub-par, at best. My fingernails are all different lengths. She did an okay job with the cuticles, but nothing special.My feet, well, let's just say I'll be ready for a pedicure in about a week.Personally, I still expect the basics when going to these strip-mall places: nails filed to the same length, cuticles pushed back and trimmed, and feet filed or smoothed. The fact that someone can massage my feet and hands is unimportant to me if I can't get the basic service done properly.Sorry, but if you value the appearance of your digits, skip this place...
5	This place is awesome! Best nail salon I have experienced in a long time. Great prices, great polish selection, and I even got a shoulder massage while my nails were drying. I'll be back!
4	Well I'm a fan. I have been to fancier more kiss ass places and I have been into but not stayed at worst.  I think my Spa -Pedicure was AWESOME. Kim took a long time pampering and detail trimming my cuticles and massaging my feet. She removed all the dead skin and callus. I love how my feet feel!Stacey did my nails with white tips. I'm not very experienced with the artificial nails. But these feel better than when I had them before. Lighter and also I feel she cleaned up my cuticles where as the guy at a place in Phoenix did not.  I'm getting use to them. the length is a bit longer for me. I do think I have 2 nails that lean off center if you really look hard at them.  Still the women are very nice and I plan to give them another try or two. The last place I went the first time was good but it did not stay up to standards in visit 2 and 3. We'll see about this place. It's clean, spacious, offers many services, competitively priced, welcomes walk-ins,  has a large color selection, plays soft relaxing radio station, has comfortable chairs, has great hours 7 days a week. Plenty of parking also.  The women speak Vietnamese and clear fluent English and will engage in conversation  with you, it is not a chop shop nail place at all.Go give them a chance. Even tell them Brenda yelped and sent you.
1	I am a longtime customer of this spa, but after it turned over to new management, I have to say I will never be back.  I got a gel mani that lasted LESS THAN 2 weeks.  Before, they used to last 3 weeks or longer!  What a waste of money! I have to say I miss the old staff, but fortunately found them at another salon!
5	This place is great. Now I would like to qualify my 5 stars. These strip mall nail salons usually suck so bad that 1 star is too many. That being said, as a strip mall nail salon goes, this place is top-notch. But don't go expecting some amazing 5 star spa, you won't get it. What you will get is a clean, sanitized, friendly staff. The guy did my pedicure and it was one of the best I've ever had. My feet & calves were so sore from ballet and now - they feel great! I got gels done, and I will say they aren't really set up to do gel toes. (they are for hands). I wish they had the UV light a little more convenient for feet, I had to get up each time, but otherwise a very pleasant experience for a very stressed woman!
3	I walked in here on a Sunday afternoon, thankGod they were open because all of the other salons seemed to be closed. It was really empty but the employees were very prompt and had everything ready when I got in. I got a deluxe pedicure, which was about 35 dollars but definitely worth it. My toes came out great, however, I felt like it took hours just for a pedi. I hate being in a nail salon for more than 45 minutes.Great salon but a little overpriced and they do not hesitate on asking for tips before you can even offer and they do not accept cash tips btw. Maybe I'll come back another Sunday when there's nothing to do.
3	I was exhausted and in a turkey coma when I came here one Sunday after a Thanksgiving dinner so I was kind of out of it and the people working here could tell I think. They looked at me like something was wrong so hopefully they didn't think I was being rude.The job done was fine. I've had better gel nail jobs and I've had worse but for $21, this was a great find for what I wanted: red, glittery nails for a trip home for the holidays.No problems with service or facilities. I was on my way to Seven Day Nail and Spa but every road into Tempe was closed for the marathon so I Yelped this place. Not disappointed.
4	My Mom and I decided to go here after finding out that they have shellac manis for only $25. We went during off hours so we had their full attention. They were all super friendly and welcoming, and played one of my favorite movies throughout the manicure - Eternal Sunshine of a Spotless Mind. Awesome. I picked a sparkly dark purple OPI shellac, and my Mom a pale pink shellac. Both turned out really well. However, mine turned out really well! She perfectly shaped my nails so that almost look fake. I love it.I will definitely return the next time I'm in the area!
1	HOLY SH*T!! I have never been so uncomfortable in my entire life!! I've been here quite a few times but today's visit has convinced me never to come back. Okay so I walk in , there are about 5 women getting pedicures and NONE getting manicures. Of course, I want a full set. The employees were kind of slow on getting me a nail tech...and oh my gosh, I have the worst luck because my nail tech was a horror. So let me explain....Okay, so first impression when he sits down in front of me: This guy looks like he has the flu. He was sweating and his eyes were drooping and he looked like he was about to vomit every other second. BUT if he wasn't sick, I have NO IDEA what the hell he was doing in the back of the shop. As he applied the acrylics on my nails, he was shaking frantically and kept violently tapping my fingers everytime I moved them. I kept patient and calm until his palm started sweating. I wasn't okay with his body fluids all up in my fingernails so I asked "Are you okay?" And he didn't respond. Awkward....so after a while, he asked me where I lived and I said "Scottsdale" and he says "I thought you would have said south Phoenix, like with the crips and bloods", then chuckled. LISTEN, I am not one to start confrontation by any means so I forced myself to stay calm until he was finished my nails. I paid him the $35 and left. He looked rather angry that I did not leave him a tip.I do not recommend this nail salon. I am very disappointed in the way the staff has treated me today and I think that I will travel to Tempe to have a decent nail experience.
4	I checked this place out from former reviews which all seemed very good. Love love LOVE my nails!! First time I got the powder color tips and I'm absolutely impressed. I've had a friend and met a few ladies who didn't like theirs cause the powder or glitter would show through under the clear polish. Not mine!! Definitely recommend this place.
2	Okay, so I didn't thoroughly research this nail place prior to going. I was also a rushed "walk-in" client.I needed a redo of nail color and one small chip repair. I did get the service done, but the personnel just didn't seem "friendly" and happy to me. I felt that they were doing me a favor or something??Yes, I tipped but not overly. I'm sorry - you gotta earn your tip and it's not assumed by just doing the flat minimum. Butt hurt bc you didn't get tipped to your standard? Pick a new non-customer facing profession! :)
2	I have been on the search for a good nail salon for some time now and this is not the place.  I get gel manicures every two weeks like clock work and every two weeks I am going somewhere new. I don't like when they use Acetone to soak off the old gel polish, it it extremely bad for your nails. This sadly is a big issue for me, everything else was good, if they changed that i would go back.  And the search continues..........(3)
5	I go here often to either get gel manicures or acrylics and I have not once had a bad experience! The staff who have done my nails have been patient and helpful as well as friendly from my experience. I enjoy that they have a tv in the back of the salon to keep you entertained while you get your nails done. The only thing is they seem slightly expensive to me, for a manicure with gels its $40 and same with pedi and  polish. Then again I don't know rates for other salons so this may be reasonable. I don't have anything bad to say besides the first time I got acrylics there they gave me flares which I didn't like, but I didn't know the difference.
5	I am giving this place 5 stars for a strip mall nail salon. It isn't super fancy, but for what it is, it is a great place. The salon is quiet and clean. The people were very nice and they got to me quickly even though I was a walk-in. The woman doing my nails (Loan) was very nice and professional. She clearly paid attention to detail and did a wonderful job on my nails. And I only paid $25 for a gel manicure! I will definitely be returning.
