1	I would review the food, but after waiting for over 45 minutes, it never came. We left this place and went to another restaurant a block away. 5 minutes after leaving KanBai, we were eating a freshly cooked chinese meal. This restaurant takes over from the former Ichiban Ramen restaurant and even uses their old plates and cutlery, including bowls emblazoned with "Ichiban" on them. It wouldn't surprise me if this restaurant is as short lived as Ichiban.It is a small restaurant and although there were two waitresses, it seems that they couldn't keep up. They took a long time taking our order and as mentioned above, our food never arrived. People who came after us got their orders taken before us and even people who ordered after us got their meals before us. Ours was a simple fried chicken dish that shouldn't have taken long to prepare. The couple seated next to us waited for about 20 minutes for someone to take their leftovers and to get the bill.Big thumbs down for their charging of rice. $1.50 for a small portion? Better to go a two doors down to Pret a Manger or around the corner to Golden Stone.I'm not going to bother with this place again.
3	The best Chinese restaurant in the area ( but not the best Asian restaurant lol), the  place is classier then most and the food is quite good for the price. Can't get enough of the Kung pao chicken!!!
4	Kanbai means cheers in Taiwanese and you'll find lots of Spicy food and drink here!This Taiwanese shop serves up some great dishes of lamb, pork and or beef with some pretty savoury ingredients.We tried their spicy chili noodle soup and the beef and eggplant on an iron hot plate. The noodle soup was REALLY spicy and tasty. If you can handle the hot stuff, try it.The beef/eggplant dish was filling and went well with a bowl of rice (extra).Very authentic, good portions and service!I would recommend coming here for dinner instead with a good group of friends, as traditionally it normal to eat this food with lots of beer! Kanbai!
4	I only stopped in for lunch,Had the general Tao chicken special. It is different from the fare you get in chinatown...I have a feeling this joint is from new chinese immigrants, because the flavor is different from Chinatown where it's definitely north american Chinese food.The dishes here resemble more what I ate when I went to China. I always thought I knew what Chinese food was, and then I went to China for 3 weeks, I ate over a hundred new dishes I've never had before. Even the stuff I've had before were different... so sadly I'm no expert but I can relate that this joint taste more like what I ate in china...I love general Tao, some people would argue it's not real chinese food, it's a north american invented dish... blah blah blah, untrue. The dish does have it's roots in china, but in China it has szechuan peppercorns in it. Back in the day, szeshuan peppercorn importation to north america was prohibited, hence the north american version of the dish tastes different.The General Tao I tasted here, still lack the peppercorn, yet it comes very close to what I ate in China. I saw many items I'd like to try on the menu. I'm definitely coming back here, The food seems different and I like that, so if you want to try a different version of China give it a try... :)
3	I came back with someone so we could order more dishes...We ordered chicken in hot pot, sauteed tofu house style, and dry fried pork. All dishes had bits of red peppers in them however, it wasn't too spicy.the sauteed dish was very good, good sauce, onions, sea fungus and sliced peppers. With some rice it was simple and just like home.The dry fried pork didn't have any bones in it but it had many pieces of cartilage, which made chewing a bit of a chore... the flavor was just salty enough to be felt after a few pieces, but being fried it does get a bit rich after a few pieces, I'd reorder only for 4 ppl, if you're 2 it will be hard to finish. We had to dip it in the tofu sauce to make it go down easier.The chicken in clay pot, was put over a flame so it was scorching hot, we saw it start boiling so we turned of the fire. It was bits of leg meat, cut up into bite size. My partner does not eat meat with bones in it, so he didn't like it lol. I found the dish to be quite good. it wasn't too salty nor sweet, but it was drenched in the sauce which you could put on the rice, made more of a home style meal.Most dishes are served family style, unadorned with no attempt at plating, not that kind of place. But chinese food is mostly family style... three four dishes, everyone with their own bowl of rice and digging in... you pick and choose which dishes to combine with the rice. OK I can now confirm, this is sichuan cuisine. Don't know if I love it yet but there's couple more dishes I want to try before I decide... :)
3	Sometimes some affordable and delicious Chinese food is what I need even when I am travelling.Wandering around China Town looking for food and Kan Bai nice deco looks promising and the food is quite decent too!We had the Bamboo Shoot and the Whole Fish in Soy bean sauce both are reasonably priced and portion is perfect to share between 2 people.Both dishes have enough spicy and flavour without being overwhelming. Kan Bai is a great option if you have craving just like me for some Northern Chinese food in Montreal.
3	Since February I've been mourning the loss of my favorite restaurant in Chinatown (New Dynasty, anyone?). Hence, I'm looking for a new place. My friend really, really wanted to try this place because of their super spicy chili noodle soup. I saw they had salt & pepper shrimps so I agreed to go. The place is small and it can get quite loud. The decor is modern and very nice. Our waitress was probably a McGill or Concordia student because she didn't speak any French. The menu was big, but a few things were marked with liquid paper. Our food came quite fast. My friend's soup was HUGE. I dipped my chopsticks in it to taste it and it is very very spicy. Too much for me, but she liked it. She wasn't able to eat it all and she was able to take it to go. The put the liquid in one bowl and the rest of the soup in the other. Smart move. My salt & pepper shrimps were fried with the shell, which I had never seen before. The people next to us saw how confused I was and they told me I could eat the shell (A Vietnamese friend of mine later confirmed that this is how they eat shrimp). I ate a couple and it was fine, but then I got a little sick of it. When the bill came, it was $17 for both of us. They didn't make 2 bills, so we had to split 50-50 when we paid and then my friend paid me back a few dollars. If I do go back, I'll ask for the shrimps without the shell. I'm always up for trying new cultural foods, but shrimps with the shell, I just can't.
1	So I went to this restaurant last night with 3 of my friends hoping to have a good time. Sadly going to this place was not a very pleasant experience. First thing I noticed was that the table the waitress seated us at was cracked and held together by scotch tape. When asked to be moved to another seat, she rudely told us no. So we sat down anyways and after waiting a very long time for our orders to come, the plates that we were served on were cracked and chipping away. I didn't ask for pieces of porcelain with my meal but the waitress apparently taught I needed the extra vitamins. The food was half decent, and if you like your food seasoned with half a pound of salt, this place is for you. Also a word of warning, bring a pack of tums with you if your going to this restaurant, it'll help a lot trust me. Taking the rude waitresses, broken tables, pieces of porcelain in my food, and having it served with enough salt to kill a large elephant; I'm giving Kan Bai a 2/10 would not eat there again.
5	This is without a doubt my favourite Chinese/Taiwanese in town. Straight forward cuisine, executed consistently and to perfection. One warning, their spicy is SPICY.  Specials on the wall, and Chinese Idol playing on the TVs the vibe is amazing. I highly recommend the spicy cumin lamb, and the eggplant dishes. Every diner is brought a tiny amuse bouche of peanuts and soybean, even this start is amazingly tasty. But this is just a start, the large menu is full of variety. Often on weekend mornings you'll see the staff cutting hot chilies, take this as a warning, and a sign. Eat spicy. Order with a bowl of rice for authenticity, and to help cut the heat. The portions are quite generous, one plate easily feeds a single person, but it's best, and meant to be, served family style. Bring a friend or two, and order several plates and share.The waitstaff is friendly, and knowledgeable, they'll happily recommend something to suit your taste and mood, the prices are affordable, and the quality is always top notch. In short, a must visit for asian cuisine.
4	We pretty much always order the same thing when we come here, and it's always good. Super consistent (and quite spicy!). The menu is pretty long and some of the descriptions are not very descriptive, which is maybe why we rarely deviate from what we know and love: #631, which is a silky smooth tofu hotpot with eggplant; #404, a spicy fish soup with soybean sprouts (and maybe their most popular dish---everyone seems to get it); and #306, which is a pork rib hotpot with peppers that is partially cooked at the table. And, of course, we have some beer in a futile attempt to cool down. It's not food that is super hot on the tongue---it just heats you up all over. The last time we went, my husband turned to me and said, "The front of my knees are sweating." Ha! In any case, we get a hankering for Kan Bai about once a month. The grub is delicious and quite addictive.
2	A word of caution about ordering here:The first dish to the table was eggplant with peppers - not exactly what we thought we had ordered but nonetheless brilliant.   The next dish, shrimp with beans actually turned out to be shrimp with peas and diced carrots of the supermarket freezer genre.  Ordering well here gets you great food - ordering badly gets you truck stop Chinese.The eggplant suggests Kan Bai should get a second look.
5	I have trouble believing the negative reviews on here. I think to start they are reviewing the sister location in China Town.This place is the bees knees. Honestly they have never let me down. The service is super fast, very friendly and very attentive. I'm always unhorsed with how consistently my water is refilled and how fast the food is to the table. The food is not over salted and packed with so much flavor. We EMT the other day as a group and ordered probably 15 dishes and each one was delicious and unique. I recommend the chili chicken if you like a fried chicken, the eggplant, the green beans, the shrimp.. All of it so so good.Couldn't recommend this place more.
4	If you love SPICE and HEAT as much as I do, then you can't go wrong here. I came here last night for dinner and the place was jam-packed with a line-up of awaiting customers. Practically all of them were Asian.Now, don't get me wrong, but I find it's the people who come from a specific part of the world or culture who know the best food from that same part of the world or culture. In other words, follow the locals. If I want to know the best Greek taverna to eat at in Patmos, I'm going to ask a local person from Patmos who has lived there their whole life, not look things up in "Lonely Planet". Likewise, if you want good Taiwanese, ask someone from Taiwan or watch where local Taiwanese expats go to chow down.If red chillies scare you, don't come here. If on the other hand, breaking out into a sweat while a multitude of amazing flavours dance on your tongue doesn't faze you in the least, then you'll enjoy yourself here. We ordered the chicken with chillies, green beans with pork and garlic and the sizzling lamb. All of it was outstanding and the green beans in particular were very, very addictive and  a dish I wish I knew how to make at home.Service is very, very brisk and terse but polite and if you have issues sitting close to other people, you may not enjoy the experience here. However, if watching controlled chaos intrigues you, then you're in for a treat.
1	Food is not good....can not compare with kanbai in chinatown...service is ok.....but they always don't give the bill legal to customer.....and they charge you the tax with the illegal bill.......be carefull....revenu Quebec coming soon!!!
5	I found out about this restaurant after reading nice reviews and decided to try. I've been here 3 times and I was never disappointed. The food is simply delicious! The service is really fast and I would just keep coming back for the amazing eggplantes with pork. It's also nice to notice how we are always surrounded by Chinese customers and how much they appreciate this restaurant,  which is outside Chinatown. Fair price, good food. This place is a must try.
5	After living in China for 6 years, I never thought I would find authentic Chinese food once back in MTL. Kanbai is my home away from home:) try the Fish dish they are famous for, egg and tomatoes, sweet and sour pork ribs and any eggplant dish. Delicious.
3	I tried fried chicken & fried fish in hot sauce. It was delicious but kind of too salty for certain ppl. Anyway I would like to try other menus in Kan bai.
5	What a delight find in the mid of downtown Montreal. This place served some very authentic sichuan dishes that is done the right way. Everything we ordered were absolutely delicious, plus this place is pretty inexpensive and the service was very prompt. Its got all the check boxes to qualify 5 stars for me!The dishes we ordered were Lamb served on a sizzling iron plate, Mopu Tofo, Twice cooked pork, shrimp noodles, spicy pork and pepper served in hot casserole. We loved everything that we got, which is really rare for a food critic like me. If you are into authentic sichuan style dishes, definitely give this place a shot.
5	I dream of Kanbai when I'm not there. It's really as good as it gets when it comes to authentic Szechuan in Montreal.  Every dish that I've sampled (and there have been many) was expertly seasoned, fresh, and memorable.  Be adventurous and have fun; you won't regret it.My recommendations: Dry Fried Green BeansFried Lotus RootFish poached in red chili oilCabbage and hot peppersHome style tofufungus with corianderSalt and pepper shrimpScampiSizzling beef dish
