5	Vanessa always takes care of me.  She deserves more than 5 stars if Yelp would allow it...lol.
5	Friendly staff (me being one of them) we all welcome you to Supercuts. Thanks for your ongoing business and hope to see you soon. The correct store hours are Monday-Friday 10:am -7:pm Saturday 9:am-7:pm Sunday 10:am-6:pm  We offer hair cutting Hair coloring (not all services please come In for a color Counciltstion)Waxing (brows,lip and chin)Conditioning treatments Styles Please call if you have any questions
1	I've been here 5 minutes, only one hair stylist here doing a trim on a guy's hair, while chatting and watching YouTube videos and consistently stopping. Should maybe take in to consideration that she has a customer waiting.
1	I dropped my brother off there to get a decent hair cut because his hair grows pretty quick. He asked the lady there for a fade, to shave ALL the sides off, and to leave one inch on the top. However, he spent an extra 20minutes there trying to explain to her what a fade was. He explained it to her four times after she grabbed out a pair of scissors and cut his all the hair on his head down to an inch. He repeated to her that he wanted the sides faded, so again...she said ok and kept snipping the scissors to get the hair shorter. My brother at this point needed to tell her a fade is done with electric clippers. He was ready to get another person to get his hair finished but the only other lady was busy. Generally, patient and easygoing but he was very unsatisfied with the entire experience. We currently had to be at a Verizon and it's so embarrassing because he has all the small pieces of hair all over his face! He was very disappointed, but not surprised that she did a horrible job at cleaning up the mess after the hair cut. Horrible place, stay far far away especially if you are picky about how well your hair gets cut
1	This place is a complete disaster. The lady who cut my hair clearly did not want to be working there. She did a terrible job on my hair. She was incredibly rude also, very arrogant.  What a complete waste of money. If you want good customer service & a decent haircut, do not come here!!!!!!
5	First time to this location today. Got a trim and brow wax. Hair cut was done very well and very easy. My stylist was very good at what she is doing. You could tell especially during the wax. I've never felt relaxed during a brow wax but it was simple and easy and pretty well painless. I really enjoyed my experience today.
2	Brought my boyfriend for a cut today, got the same stylist... Vanessa. Sadly she butchered his cut and rushed him out the door, and there was only one other person waiting that the other stylist could have easily helped. I don't know what the problem was today, but I won't be revisiting this location.
