4	I love Safeway. There's not much to choose from in the way of decent, clean, stocked grocery stores in this part of Phoenix if you ask me. Although I prefer Safeway to pretty much any other grocery chain, I will hit up any store that's nearest to me, because I'm not really that picky.A few months ago, I was looking for Lady Fingers (the light, soft ones) to make tiramisu. Tried 2 different stores that were closer to me, with no luck. Ended up at this Safeway, and they HAD them! It's farther from my house than 2 other grocery stores, but this triumph was noted.A month ago, I was looking for canned pumpkin to make muffins. I realize it's not Thanksgiving yet, but if stores stock crazy pie filling like apricot year-round, how hard is it to keep some pumpkin on hand? Apparently, quite difficult, as I went to 3 retailers and could not find ANY pumpkin. I even bought a can of cooked sweet potato, as I had resigned myself to tweaking the recipe with whatever the hell I could find. On a whim, went to Safeway because I remembered the lady fingers thing, and what do you know!? Pumpkin: they had it. I was in a hurry and irritated and in my 4th store of the day, and it started raining, so the first can I saw was organic, and like $4. I didn't look further for any other cans; I grabbed it and went on my way. **in the checkout lane, I remember ranting to my cashier about my pumpkin hunt, and how excited I was that they had it. This will be referenced later.Two weeks ago, I needed groceries, and decided to go straight to Safeway, as I have had incredible luck there of late. I'm already a fan of that place, but it got better. I had the same cashier from the pumpkin fiasco night, and he remembered me! I was impressed. And that is how I came to love this Safeway.
3	I mostly come to this store to power up my M Card, but I sometimes find myself picking up a few things while there. They have a small section of organic foods located just past the florist section. Fresh organic mint and tofu along with Asian bean sprouts. I enjoy their large variety of  Asian and Hispanic foods. Including: raw Ginger, mirin, spices. The staff is chipper and usually ask if I need assistance bringing anything to my car.
4	I'm glad that Fry's (i.e. Kroger as the parent company) has a little competition because I wouldn't want them to feel alone all the way out west.  In my experience, Safeway is typically in the Midwestern and Eastern States, so it's a little bit of a surprise to see them here.However, it is not a surprise to see the interior.  They have a complete set-up which includes your typical produce, meat, bakery, alcohol, pharmacy, etc. section.  The service was also very friendly.  The staff member who checked me out actually went and got me a cart since I was carrying so many things.  That was definitely a nice touch.The ambiance both inside and out is also less ghetto than some surrounding markets, which does not go unappreciated!
