4	Great smoked meat. Great fries. The pickles make you wince. The Cott black cherry is plentiful. There are also many beautiful parks nearby in Outremont to walk it off!
5	Great find for a cheap, quick but authentic deli lunch. I had smoked turkey and Poutine. Yum!!
2	Sometimes there's no substitute for the real thing. Lesters with its iconic bright yellow awning, has been a mainstay in the Outremont neighborhood for years now. My grandma lives just around the corner from this institution and though I often walked by during visits to Montreal, I never found the time to go in for a bite. Why?Because my grandma and her clan are die-hard Schwartz's folks. Yes, the sole incarnation of smoked meat they've come to know has been from the famous deli downtown. Even my mother, who finds little to embrace in Western cuisine, has a hankering for the restaurant's famed brisket every now and then. Cut to a recent visit to Montreal with mum, when we were both hit with smoked meat cravings. My mother wanted Schwartz's of course but we were due back at Grandma's for lunch so we were playing hooky and couldn't ask the rest of the clan for directions. Furthermore, I was without my bearings (i.e. smart phone), so I proposed we hit up Lesters instead. "Okay," she muttered begrudgingly. There's sidewalk seating during the warm months so deli goers can enjoy the comings and goings of the neighborhood while they nosh. Very European. Inside, there's a different feel. Old-school diner. There's booths, rows of tables and a deli counter where the slicers stand hand-slicing the brisket. Tchotchkes from bygone decades in Quebec fill the walls. We're seated quickly inside and place our order with our server, a curt but sassy type with a thick Quebecois accent. Two smoked meat sammies, an order of fries and a ginger ale in a frosty mug to share. Mum does not want to share a sandwich despite the obvious fact that we'll be eating more at Grandma's later. Our meal arrives. The fries are not very crispy on the outside but feature very soft, fluffy and sweet innards. They are addictive but they lack crunch. I take a bite out of my sandwich and I already know what the verdict will be. But I wait for mum to deliver her pronouncement. She takes a bite, squirts a little more mustard onto her sandwich and begins pawing at the meat at bit with her fork. If there ever was a time to tell someone to stop playing with their food.....But then the kvetching starts up. "NO! Not the same", she weighs in. Adding to that, "Soft meat, no flavor. Other place better." And of course, "How come other table get more pickles than us!"Okay. This is her 'I told you so' moment in food form. It's true though. The meat, although velvety soft from the steaming, lacks the beautiful array of spices or much smoke. It may be hand sliced expertly into paper thin slices but it doesn't make up for the blandness or the slimy texture. A extra squirt or two of mustard fails to perk up the DOA meat. There's no oomph here, sad to say. The sandwich reminds me faintly of my experience at Ben's years ago, though even that version had more flavour. I suspect that they use industrial processed briskets which are jacked up with chemicals and preservatives. I don't have a problem with that so long as the flavour remains intact. The whole sandwich is rather underwhelming. We continue on with our fries, gobbling them up. So this is not the best smoked meat that Montreal has to offer. It may alright fine for diner fare or what not but skip the brisket. Next time, no shortcuts!
4	Yo, the smoked meat, fries, and pickle is like, pretty damn good! Put some vinegar on those fries. Lovely area.
4	I went there earlier this year for Valentines. Ended up becoming up another big fan. I had Smoked Meat with the poutine and also tried a bagel with smoked salmon. Everything was done superbly and the service was terrific. This really is a nice joint to try for locals or tourists for a nice brunch out. Good for family too. PS. Great option to try if you're bored with always the usual place Schwartz ;)
3	This is my neighbourhood deli restaurant.  Great and cheap breakfast.  Excellent smoked meat sandwich that I always recommend ahead of Schwartz's on The Main.  It's on Bernard surrounded by neighbourhood cafes, restaurants and shops in Outremont.  I love this little deli-diner.  If you like deli, you'll like this place.  It's authentic...and not such a tourist trap like Schwartz's.  Cherry coke....and some hard-to-find guilty pleasures like Big Turk bars and Pep chocolate bars.WARNING.  DO NOT GO HERE IF CHOLESTEROL IS A CONCERN.  IT'CALLED LESTERS...BUT I CALL IT choLESTERS..with a smile.
4	Yum. Yum. Yum. Yum. Yum. Yum. Yum. Yum. Yum. Yum.A great, authentic alternative to waiting in line at the greatest tourist trap of all, Schwartz's! (Don't get me wrong, they make fantastic smoked meat, but I'm not down with the line up and exaggerated hype) Bernard is also one of my favourite streets to stroll on, it just has so much to offer. Start off with a coffee or a bite to eat, then grab an ice cream and people watch. Especially on a beautiful, summer day, you just can't go wrong.The traditional smoked meat came out soft and not-so-fatty. The rye was fresh and fluffy. The fries were AH-MAH-ZING, especially drizzled with some vinegar. And you can never forget the side of a good ol' pickle. I didn't opt for the Cherry Coke, I know... my b. The service was fantastic and so accommodating, our waitress even offered my dog a little bowl of water and tons of love and affection. We sat outside and just enjoyed the wonderful day that it was, while the outstanding service and finger-lickin' good food topped it off marvelously.Heaven in your mouth, go for it.
4	I compared Schwartz's and Lester's.  Lester's is much better.  I gave Schwartz's two stars.  Here is my review under Schwartz's, but it works as a review for lester's too:I'm was a Montrealer for 40 years, and I'm now an American.  I hadn't had smoked meat in about 10 years.  I was visiting Montreal for work, and on consecutive days I ate at Lester's (first) and at Schwartz's the very next day.  I'm sorry to say I have to "profane the sacred name": Schwartz's sucks.Lester's meat was moist, correctly and adequately spiced and smoke flavor was low, but it was there.  Schwartz's meat was of lower quality, inadequately spiced to the point of blandness, and even though I ordered a medium, was very fat.  I tasted no smoke flavor at all.  It was really second rate smoked meat.Schwartz's sour pickle was very good though, I must say.  (I didn't have a pickle at Lester's.)Lester's was not at all crowded and service was very good.  Schwartz's service was also very good, but it was crowded and as usual I had to share the table I was at.  I didn't mind sharing, because I like talking to people.  (But I talked to people in Lester's too, without being crowded.)Schwartz's looks like it caters to tourists and ex-Montrealers and anyone that doesn't know better.  Schwartz's has history, but not quality.  I'll be visiting Montreal again in a month and I'll go to Lester's, but not Schwartz's.
3	I was hoping for more. It wasn't bad by any stretch... Just not what I was hoping for. Probably won't bother going back with so many other options in the area.
4	Although this great deli is a hike from the Outremont metro station, it was a delightful walk through a nice neighborhood. And what a delicious treat awaited us when we finally arrived! Don't let the lack of ambiance scare you away; this is a small Jewish deli that has been in the same family for 62 years. Not large, but cozy. The smoked meat on rye is what this is all about! Add plenty of delicious pickles, perfectly cooked fries, and a cold beer and you are in heaven!Took the 80 bus to the metro and got back to our downtown hotel in no time. Well worth the trip!
2	Pricey for smoke meat place at 20$ for sandwich coke fries and pickle...  Smoked meat has no taste . Go to Schwartz wait in line u will love your smoked meat much more there...
2	It's OK if you enjoy a salty chemical taste in your mouth for the rest of the day, they don't smoke their meat in house like Schwartz's, Smoked Meat Pete or Delibees.  It's industrial mushy smoked meat, go to the places mentioned above.
5	As an ex-Montrealers visiting relatives, I had a hankering for smoked meat. "Real" Montreal smoked meat. My kids have never had it (try finding it in Seattle. Hrmph!), and I debated going to Schwartz's or here to Lester's. I didn't particularly want to deal with the long line of tourists at Schwartz's or with the issue of parking on the Main, so we decided to come here instead. My relatives prefer Lester's, anyhow, and come here regularly (but its been about 5 or 6 years since I've been here).It was as good as ever.Cute seating area outside, but our larger party chose to sit inside, surrounded by all the Montreal memorabilia of yore. It's a real Jewish deli feel inside and I imagine it hasn't changed much, if at all. In the past 50 years. The food was capital-A amazing. We all had the iconic smoked meat sandwiches. They're exactly as I remember them from my youth. My 80 year old dad said the same thing. The sandwiches were piled high with soft, moist, perfectly seasoned meat (we all chose medium fa), with rye bread and mustard. The French fries were capital-D delicious, which we doused in vinegar. My kids were in heaven. The pickles were a bit too sour for me, but everyone else loved them. Everything was devoured quickly.The service was great and attentive, and the owner chatted with us. Asa bonus, it was nice to stroll Bernard, with all its shops and bistros.
5	This was one of our favorite stops in Montreal.  The smoked meat was perfect.  The fries were great, and the prices were reasonable.We went on a weeknight and there was no wait and the food came out quick.  I completely disagree with the people complaining about the service.  The server was wonderful and did everything she could to appease our crying baby.  In fact, when we hurried out early in our meal, they asked us to stay and finish.  As new parents, we appreciated that.  Even the man behind the counter came to speak with us.I was a big fan of the throwback deli feel of the place.  I'm not a smoked meat expert by any means, but Lester's was an awesome experience.
4	I ordered the meat medium which means it's sliced from the middle section of the brisket where you get the perfect slices of beef that are both lean and fat. The meat is moist and the fat is not intrusive. We have it programmed in our heads to stay from fat like... it was fat or something. But in this case you need it; the fat stays soft and doesn't eat like hardened gelatinous snot. But even if it was, it'd be the most delicious kind. The fat is where the flavour is and that is where it's at.
4	The food is amazing. The traditional smoked meat is so flavorful and juicy, I dare say it's tastier than Schwartz. The downside is, the service is just as bad as the food is good. At least 3 people of the staff were really unpleasent. Without even asking, you receive your bill while you're still eating. The restaurant was not crowded, and both times I went we received the bill without asking for it or being offered something else. I find that really unkind. That's why I never got to try any of the desserts :p
2	Before I start let me say I am a Montreal Jewish Deli aficionado, having eaten at every single one in the city. And out of the "big three", Schwartz's, The Main and Lesters; Lesters is undoubtedly the weakest. Lesters, where can I even start. First of all it is a hike. all the way in Outremont off the 80 Bus but near no metro. Lesters is the more commercial of the Montreal deli's with a location in Trudeau Airport that sells you frozen pre-packaged smoked meat. that should be a warning bell. What is remarkable is the price of this place. $8.25 for a basic smoker, compared to $6.50 at The Main or  $6.75 at Schwartz's, both of which are MILES above Lesters. To the meat itself, it is wet and watery with less of that smokey flavor that makes Schwartz's and its arch rival The Main special. I ordered a "Jumbo" sandwich (that seemed normal sized compared to a Smoker from Schwartz's) and a can of cherry cola for a whopping $16.75 (that would run you about ten bucks at The Main). That is really the crux of this place, they think they can get away with serving subpar smoked meat at inflated absurd prices. A sandwich, drink and fries here will run you about $20 here, compared to the $11.75 range at The Main. Service at least is all right.. the counter girl is charming, friendly and made amusing jokes. that at least made it a little better.
3	La place est ok. Du smoke meat comme il y en a partout en ville. Un sandwich un coke: 13$ !!!
4	Whoa I haven't reviewed Lester's? What have I been doing with my life! If you're in the Outremont area why don't you tuck into big back booths or plunk yourself on the chairs on the wide sidewalk. The service here I like honestly, though I can see from the reviews it's not for everyone, this is a place with history and humour and straight talk. And nice smoked meat sandwiches and burgers and delicious delicious perfect fries. You can also get amazing pickles and cheesecake, and the counter has vacuum sealed packs of house deli meat to take home.
5	It's like Schwartz's but with better smoked meat (and Karnatzl's) and worse hours. Much better smoked meat. Much worse hours.
5	We fell in love with this establishment immediately.  The decor was unpretentious, a real place that has managed to stay authentic over the decades.Oh, and the food.  Absolutely delicious brisket sandwich.  I can't decide whether my wife's brisket was better than my corned beef, but suffice to say, we loved both.
