1	Came here to eat their classic burger that are o-so tasty but was disappointed.Small location but it was closer to home than the other Wildfire location. I will not eat here again. I will definitely go to other Wildfire locations, just never again this one.Customer service was overall pretty friendly but the cashier didn't ask us about their specials or anything like that. The person that cleans the tables asked us if everything was ok and I said not really. I explained that my burger was burnt and I asked for medium. She then explained to me that the fire on the grill gets really hot and can burn the hamburger. She apologized to me but didn't offer to make me another burger. My burger was not even hot when it came out which led me to believe that it might have been sitting in a holding bin and put back on the grill to warm it up but instead it burnt it to a crisp.Not too many tables to sit in.On the upside, their iced tea is delicious!
3	I've been to another location of Wild Burger, and this one was mostly on par with what I'd experienced previously.  My burger was large, and fell apart.  I didn't get a ton of toppings, only blue cheese and bacon with the traditional burger veggies.  I guess the juiciness from the burger (which is great, don't get me wrong) compromised the integrity of the bun.  So, I again had to finish with a fork, and it became quite a mess.  But, it was cooked properly and tasted good. My wife got the chili, which was very good.  Good chili flavor, and they serve it in a cast iron bowl.  This kept it hot throughout the entire lunch.  It was a nice touch, it really remained hot right up until the end of the meal.  Their secret sauce is basically thousand island with jalapenos added, then blended until smooth.  It's good on both the burger and your fries.  Onion strings are a solid version of this dish.  Fried onions are a welcome addition to any meal for me.The service was fantastic, everyone was friendly, and the place was clean.  We'll return for sure.
3	Wandered into this casino during a recent trip to Vegas.  It's a very small, locals casino.  A nice variety of Video Poker and Slots to choose from.  Everyone seemed to know each other.  The food here is average.  I had a Burger and Fries.The parking lot was full of cars, so it must be a very popular place.  That's kind of strange because the much larger Sunset Station is next door.Return Factor - 50%
3	Burger was really good. Fresh ingredients fries are ok. The patty was cooked perfectly.  My only complaint even though the bun was toasted it still ended up a dough ball for the last 4 bites.  If the cook would only allow 2 minutes resting time before placing it on the bun! Its the difference between 3 stars and 4 stars. The service was ok we went on a Sunday around 3 for a late lunch.... I can only imagine how Smokey it gets on a sat night....... they need to fully enclose the restaurant.
1	Whenever my friends and I drive to Arizona on the 95, we drive past a road that leads to a town called Chemehuevi. The town is 17 miles from the main road so it would be quite a detour to drive there and back to check it out. We always joke that someday we'll visit Chemehuevi but we know we never will. Wildfire has been one of my Chemehuevis for awhile... I'd always wanted to go but never found the time. Never, that is, until tonight. I wish I left the Wildfire to my imagination instead of ruining the mystique. All I got from my visit to the Wildfire was another shitty customer service experience at a Station Casino. I used to wait tables in college and I know a thing or two about basic customer service... Greet the customer within the first, ohhhh, eight minutes or so right? I sat down at the bar, the blonde-haired barkeep sees me, then proceeds to continue with her side work until I leave the establishment. A similar thing happened with Josefina at Fiesta Rancho yesterday...  What does a guy have to do in Vegas to get a drink?Someday I'll make it to Chemehuevi but I know I will never go back to the Wildfire.
5	In and Out across the street?? Psshh Wildfire not only has exquisite burgers but a quality hometown atmosphere you would expect to find at  "mom and pop joint". While the burger may be a 7 the, costumer service always exceeds expectations.  I cant speak for the rest of the staff but the cashiers/cooks at the Wildfire are the cream of the crop and one of the reasons I don't mind skipping a similar burger across the street. Try the foot-long hot dog just make sure you don't have anything important the next day... oh the deep-fried Twinkies there always a go-to.
1	Never been to any other locations but this one is by my house. Came there to watch the Monday night football game. Gambled $200 and they still charged me for my drinks! Horrible service! Ordered a Long Island and it was not even drinkable, told the bartenders I couldn't even drink it cause it wasn't made right so I ordered a beer (maybe they could get that right) and then they charged me for the Long Island too. This place has the worst bartenders in Vegas! Don't go there. I used to gamble and bet there but I won't step foot in that place again. The kegs are always messed up and bartenders don't know how to make simple cocktails! Very pathetic!
5	We used to go to the former Gold Rush, which is now the Wildfire, and when we were back in the old neighborhood, we thought we would check out the new place.  Stopped by the coffee shop, ordered a couple of burgers with fries, paid when we ordered, and waited a short time for our food.  Our server, Trey, couldn't have been more professional if he had worked at some high end restaurant.  We left a $5 dollar tip on our $10 meal for the two of us.  Honestly, it is worth going out of your way to get an inexpensive breakfast, lunch, dinner or late night snack here!
5	Wildfire makes a great BBQ bacon burger and it's only $7.99.  They also serve breakfast 24 hours a day, which is what our kids usually get.  It's just good food at at a great price, nothing is over $10 and most items are $7-8.  One of our family's favorite places for a quick bite.
4	It's good, not great, but I really did enjoy the food that was on my plate.  Angus Beef burger with Brioche bun and a fried egg added just for fun.Food portion wise plenty,  Value wise not spendy,Ambiance. ..definitely not trendy.The smoky air is so not good for youBut that $2 hot fudge sundae is food for you!So give it a try, you know with a place that's clean and gets grade A's you won't die! But seriously the burgers did not disappoint,  staff is easy going and friendly. Casual style diner. Order and pay first before you get a table. Wild Grill is located in the center of Wildfire Casino.
1	Machines are very very tight. Food is good tho. I live nearby and us and other couples liked going here until we got tired of the machines draining us so quickly.
