5	Very cool place.  As other reviewers have mentioned, the Knife House has a really great selection of high-quality knives.  Even though I didn't come here looking to buy new knives, I still really liked looking at what they had available.I brought my set of Henckels here to have them sharpened and was really impressed.  It took less than an hour to get them sharpened and only cost $24 for eight knives.  Note that the prices are based on the kind of knife - chef's knives are $5, paring knives are $3, etc.  Now my knives are ridiculously sharp and cut through anything (including my fingers) like warm butter.  They also do knife repair in case your knives are screwed up and need some TLC.I'm glad to have Phoenix Knife House around, because now I can get my yearly sharpening for my knives done locally and quickly :)
5	This is seriously the best place to get a knife.  Forget about Williams Sonoma, Macy's, or Sur La Table.  This store is owned by a very nice guy, Eytan, and he is more than willing to help you pick the best knife.He told me that he used to intern under the owner of Korin which is the best Japanese knife store in the USA. He knows his knives in and out. I was thinking of getting the Misono UX10 and wanted to try around before buying it.  This is seriously the only store in the valley that I could find that carried Misono UX10. When i was there, Eytan steered me toward Blazen gyuto/chef's knife and after trying it out, I am now a happy Blazen gyuto owner. Very sharp knife, it has a stable and comfortable handle. The Blazen is a pricier knife but it's worth it.  I also got the cheap VIctorinox Pairing knife for under $10I brought 3 of my knives to be sharpen and  Eytan sharpened them for free because I bought the knives that day.  The knives came out sharper than the day I bought it. Could not be happier with this store.
5	I too, am a fan of Knife House. The other reviews are spot on about how this is the place for all your culinary knife needs. But I was not in need of a chef knife when I first went here, I needed a chef coat. The selection was adaquate and I found a coat at a very reasonable price. But heres were this place rocks, i used adaquate cause the selection was not as big as one might hope. But I inquired about other attire Chef Works produces and the owner breaks out their catalog and says, "I can order anything you want at cost for you, I just don't carry that much stuff cause I am more of a knife store then a chef clothing store." This place deserves all of the accolades it gets. the owner is hella laid back but professional. Knows his shit and is more than happy to share his knowledge with others. If you have any culinary knife needs, this is the place to fill them.
5	My father's kitchen knife was decent, forty years ago. But after he passed away, his widow had a dilemma. It had dulled to the point where it couldnt cut flank steak to prepare Beef Stroganoff, yet she couldnt bear to replace it.  It reminded her of him. So, my 78 yr old mom asked me to see if I could get it sharpened somewhere. You'd laugh if you saw the knife. It isnt high end and the handle is worn and gray, like cracked driftwood.  Yelpers liked PKH service, so off I went with Dad's knife and one El Cheapo of my own.  Honestly, I was hesitant approaching the door. This place is run by a chef, and the website drips with Japanese specialty knives costing hundreds of dollars. I took a breath, "steeled" myself, unsure what to expect. Well, this guy, Eytan I guess, couldnt have been nicer.  Nice isnt even the word.  He examined my crummy knives intently, handled them like they were Faberge eggs, kindly educated me on the makers and explained in detail what he could and couldnt do to hone these particular blades. Turns out, the Italian maker of Dad's knife was pretty good. "These always come back", Eytan said, and he was right. For less than ten dollars, this bona fide expert took what could've been a mundane, or  preoccupied or even sneering transaction and instead made me feel like Chris Bianco or someone, and more importantly, made an old lady very happy. This guy's my hero and deserves your business as well.
5	nice guy, great knife diversity, clothes and miscellaneous items for cooking and baking, comfortable atmosphere. everything a home chef needs, a lot of things a working chef WANTS.
5	You will not find any better person than Eytan to sharpen your prized knife or to give you all of the information you need to buy a new one. As a home cook and former restaurant cook there is nothing like cutting with a knife Eytan has sharpened for me! I will go back again and again..
5	My chiropractor is next door, not to mention Dukes, so I've noticed and walked by this place many, many times but never ventured in.  My mistake.  It epitomizes what's best in local, passionate retail ownership and is worth a trip if that's worthy to you.  It's not big or fancy.  They aren't catering to the person wanting the $20 block of Ginsu knives, but they also wouldn't turn you away if you came in looking.  It's simply a great place to explore a refined selection of professional quality chef's knives - which is clearly their passion.Most people are content with whatever knife is readily available, but for those who cook professionally - the right knife is as critical as a tennis racquet  for Federer or a golf club to Mickelson... natural extensions to their physical skill sets.  A good knife doesn't make you better, but simply betters what you do.When I visited, there were several well known chefs, looking for a new favorite tool, and I loved how they were as passionate about the design and fit as a car collector might be when it comes to craftsmanship.  The feel in the hand, blade length, metallurgy, composite materials... all were factors.   The owner was happy to spread dozens of choices on the counter, helping each buyer zoom in on what fit them best.  When it was my turn, I was clueless, but he steered me the right way.In my case, I'm not a chef but have spent many months in kitchens, doing sexy deeds like chopping up cases of onions.  So I love a good knife.  And what I've since forgotten is how well a sharp knife makes a home cook's life better. You can go in with $40 or $400 and they'll find the best product for your price range.  And if you don't want to buy, they'll sharpen your existing stuff.
5	Word of mouth is so true!  This place is a lifesaver for knives!OK, I admit it. I put my good knives in the dishwasher before I knew any better.  Then I waited until they were so dull I could barely cut up a tomato before I finally took them in to see if they could be saved. While I was a bit embarrassed by the lack of my knowledge and the state of my knives, especially knowing the high professional caliber of the real chefs to frequent this place, the guys at the Phoenix Knife House couldn't have been nicer.  They gave me some helpful advice, were patient answering my questions and were super fast.  While I was there another customer had brought them a set of knives and they were kind, but honest with what could and couldn't be done with her knives, and more importantly, why.  My two lovely knives are back, better than ever, and super sharp!  And they were unbelievably cheap!  Plus, the shop has a cool vibe.  It's small, but full of an interesting array of knives, especially German and Japanese, as well as professional chef gear, like aprons, shoes and knife cases.  The guys that work there manage to keep a laid back, comfortable atmosphere while exuding professional expertise and charm.  I've been twice now, and definitely highly recommend them!
5	Seriously, if you're looking for a place to get your knives sharpened or buy some cool professional kitchen gear, look no further.
5	I just finished all of my classes in culinary school and now it's time to put those classes to the test during my externship.  The knife kit they gave us was pretty lame so I wanted to get something better.  I talked to teachers, other students and co-workers and everyone said go to Phoenix Knife House.  Eytan, the owner, promptly greeted me and asked what I was looking for.  I explained my need for a new chef's knife and he placed about 15 knives in front of me, all ranging in price and size.  He helped me decide without being pushy, and I could tell he wasn't trying to get me to buy the most expensive, which is a quality you can't find in a lot of people.  I ended up picking out a Japanese knife that was moderately priced.  Then I said I needed to look at paring knives and he helped me with that, too.  In addition to knives, they also have chef's coats, pants, hats and aprons (all in different colors, styles, and sizes), they have peelers, microplanes, tweezers (long ones), spoons, etc. You can also bring your knives in for a good sharpening ($3-$5 per knife). I highly recommend this shop to anyone looking for a good knife/chef supplies and appreciates impeccable customer service.  I will DEFINITELY be back, as I think this is my new favorite store!
5	These guys did a fantastic job sharpening my knives, maybe too good.  My sister and I had our knives sharpened while we waited. They are very reasonable and quick on our visit.  They did a great job fixing the dings and the broken tip on my knives. Now they are better than when they  were new.  I didn't have time to check our their knife selection on my last trip, but I will definitely check them out next time my knives are dull.  I highly recommend.
5	These guys are great!  This is the go to place if you have knives that need sharpening or reconditioning and they do it at a ridiculously low price.  And they can usually do it on the spot while you wait too.  Recommended.
5	My eyes light up as I walk in!!!!!  The guy did a SUPERB job sharpening my knives in less than 10 minutes.  We just recommended our friends to check this place out!  If I can give 10 stars, I WOULD!
5	We tried having our knives sharpened at a place near our home and it was a waste of time and money.  After reading the reviews on yelp.com we tried The Knife Shop.  Our knives were done perfectly and are now super sharp.  We couldn't be more pleased with the craftsmanship and quality -- all done while we waited and at a very fair price.  We talked at length with the owner and learned so much about knifes and how to care for them.  Although this store is out of the way for us we will continue to be loyal customers and will recommend tThe Knife Shop to everyone.
5	My boyfriend and I finally walked up and checked this place and I can't wait to by a knife here.  I learned more in 20 min than I have entering a Williams Sonoma.  I do think the place is gear towards professional chefs, but they make you feel welcome.  They also offer knife sharpening which is HUGE.  They offer only Japanese Style knifes with both traditional and western handles; from boutique producers, this it legit.  I had never had the opportunity to hold and feel so many knifes and by no means an expert but understand there is a difference.I recommend checking this place out.  Everyone person even a home cook deserves a good knife.  DOn't forget to bring your existing knifes with you so that you can get the sharpened.  You will be surprised what a good sharpening can do!!!Can't wait to update my review after we buy our new knife from here.
4	A first-class operation. The proprietor and his staff know their stuff. They were able to tell me which of my knives were worth sharpening and which should, ah, be cast away. The sharpening service is excellent.From viewing the products on display at their new location, I suspect the store really favors eastern cutlery. There is some German cutlery (Henckels and Wustof are my favorites), but the emphasis is on Japanese blades. Some of their goods are VERY expensive. However, their offerings are professional-grade knives and other implements used in professional hotel and restaurant food service.As someone who originally bought his knives from the long-gone and sorely-missed Stoddard's in downtown Boston, MA more years ago than I care to recall; I despaired that I would never find another storefront that would satisfy me. I had to move to Arizona to find a store their equal.
5	We moved from Chandler back to New York two years ago. Last week I found myself back in AZ  for my son's wedding. I was with three other avid cooks and invited them to bring their favorite knives to my favorite "knife whisperer". Needless to say, Eytan is still the best thing that ever happened to sharp steel. If there is a better recommendation than bringing knives 2,000 miles to have them sharpened by a real pro I can't think of it. Thanks Eytan. I have no more sons to get married in AZ but I will look for another excuse to get there and bring you my knives. In the meanwhile I will order knives online from you whenever I need more.
5	The only place I'll go in the valley.  Most people here only mention the knives/knife sharpening, so I'm happy to say they carry a lot of other products as well.  I've bought a Messermeister knife bag here, a japanese mandolin, several aprons for work, and just today I stopped in to buy some new chef pants and discovered that they now carry women's clothing too, and even have a sample in every size/style and a dressing room to try things on!  I love the new pants I got.  They have a lot of accessories like knife blocks and such as well.  You won't be disappointed coming here.
5	Wow. I went here today with a couple dozen knives that I needed sharpened. The staff was super friendly and knowledgable. They did a tremendous job and got all my knives razor sharp. I would suggest this place for all your knife needs. They specialize in Japanese knives and a chef would be in heaven here. They can also sharpen your cutco (even serrated) and henkels without voiding warranty.  Worth the drive drive from anywhere in the valley. I will be back !
3	I struggled with this review. Phoenix Knife House has pretty much only 5 star reviews, did I really want to be the one who bucked that trend? But in all honesty I didn't have an amazing experience, so here it is -The location is conveniently central and there is plenty of off-street parking. The store is clean and bright. I had two Japanese knives that needed sharpening. I was told it would take an hour and they took my cell phone number and promised to call when ready. So I went across the street to Safeway to do some shopping, then on to CVS to pick up some things. An hour had passed without a call, but I figured, no big deal, so I went to JT's, a dive bar on the same strip mall as PKH. Two beers later and the time is creeping up close to 2 hours, still no phone call.So, I decide to go back to PKH in the off chance that my knives were ready and they'd just forgotten to call me. When I went back the store's empty and the owner(?) and another employee are crouched over a computer looking at a restaurant's website discussing what's for lunch. No, your knives are not ready yet, I'm told. In fact they haven't even started yet. The good news is I'm next in line. Ok, great, I'll just sit on one of the couches and wait. Here comes the line from the owner that really rubbed me the wrong way - "You can wait, but just understand that if a customer comes in, they will take precedence over you and you will have to wait longer." A customer??? What exactly am I then? I understand that my $14 knife sharpening is not as much money as you will make from selling one Akifusa Gyuto for $810, but I'd still like to think I'm a customer!I would have been happy to come back the next day and pick up the knives if that had been communicated to me at the beginning, but to waste 2.5 hours of my time and then to insult me to boot, just isn't right, no matter how good the sharpening was.
5	I have taken my straight razor in here a few times and the Phoenix Knife House brings is back to brand new every time. The customer service here is outstanding, staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. Plus the service is pretty quick.This is the only place I will go to get anything sharpened. Next up are the kitchen knives.
5	when in the niche for high end chef knifes place to be. They carry such a large fast amount. When I shop I normally can not get out of the place without spending no less then $200 but worth it. They carry such a range of knifes too witch is good for people in industry. When I am always looking for good stuff I go here. They also do sharpening. !
5	If you cook and you don't know about this place, you are missing out on the finest knife sharpening I have ever encountered having lived in ten states.  They are masterful, friendly, and just enjoyable to visit.  I love the chef's gear in the store, although I am far from that caliber.  However, I am a very good cook and love my knives sharp.  I am also very frugal and this is the best deal in town.  I am sure I will become a regular.
3	I was in there today to get my knives sharpened. They did a great job and have a selection of  beautiful knives, a few of which I would have bought, but the attitude of the woman working there turned me off. She proceeded to insult my knives and tell me what crap they were, as if their mere presence was polluting the store. I didn't ask her opinion of them, I just wanted them sharpened. They weren't high quality knives like the ones for sale in the store, but they do have great sentimental value to me since they had belonged to my grandfather and father. Her presumptuousness and arrogance has cost the store my business. Perhaps it was the same person Pete J. met.
5	I read the reviews before going to this spot & decided to give it a shot. A few months back I got really drunk & tried to hack a ribeye bone in half with my second favorite chef's knife. I'm not proud of this but it happened...& I don my shame blanket every time I see the two giant dents in the blade but it's good to know that laws of physics are still intact. What a fool I was.Anyway so I stop in the place on my way home from work. It'd be nice to have my second in command knife available to me once more. The atmosphere was pretty relaxed & I was greeted immediately by Corey. He took a look at my $40 damaged knife & let me know up front that it will be a little more than just the normal sharpening charge. Ten bucks. Fine with me. I asked him to call me when it's done.He called me later that day & I swooped it up the next day after work. The knife looks brand new. It's factory sharp & ready to rock. Corey was also knowledgeable about the sharpening stones they have & did not try to upsell me on anything. Just gave me the info I was looking for. I think I'll stop in there again to purchase a basic set for about 30 bucks. I would recommend PKH to anyone, especially considering I was a $10 sale & was treated like I was buying hundreds of dollars in knife stuff. Until next time shame blanket..
5	Oh, schwing!This place is completely the real deal.  The reviews are legit, and well-earned.I went in over the weekend to get my kitchen knives sharpened.  When I dropped them off, the guy at the counter said they would be returned in better condition than when they were new.  As if, I thought.  The set is 15 years old, I mean, let's be real, right?Well, he didn't lie.  Not only are the blades sharper than I ever remember them to be, you can actually see the gorgeous edge they redefined.  Exceptionally impressive!  And as someone who loves to cook and relies on her tools, I appreciate the quality work.  I've never seen a better sharpening job.  Truly.Second to this was the value.  The last time I had my knives sharpened, I paid twice the amount at Sur La Table.  They could up the price a bit, and I'd still go there.And, as others have said, besides sharpening, they have a great selection of knives and chefs wear.If you are an amateur cook or professional chef, GO.  The shop and the vibe are super cool, and the merchandise and service incredible.
5	I have been bringing my knives here to keep them sharp since I made my first santoku purchase. Let me say that it is the best knife I ever bought and I have not found anything better. So if you in the market for amazing. This is the place for steel!
1	I hate to write a bad review, especially with all the good ones here, and I was so excit e about this place. But boy, was I disappointed.  I walked in, and no one was to be found. I sat in the store for 20 minutes before I was helped. Someone even came out of the back, looked at me and smiled, and went back in while I was waiting to be helped. And when i finally got some service, I asked (just out of curiosity) if they had any straight razors for sale. The guy said he had quite a few actually, so I asked about a specific brand, and the rep said "I don't like that brand, I can show you another." This was fine, I figured he didn't carry it. I asked if he did carry it, and he said yes. (Ok...) I asked to see what he had, and he refused. A little strange, I thought. However, this is not the reason I write a bad review, this place does kitchen stuff, mostly.  I told him "I shave with straight razors, and I heard this was an excellent place to get them sharpened, how's much would it cost, and could you do it?"And he said "that depends. What do you plan in using it for?" Um... Shaving. As is the purpose for the straight razor. Now at this point there are a lot of people judging me by this review. After all, to place does mostly kitchen stuff. However, personally, if the product is good, or even adequate, I couldn't care less about service. So here goes my experience with the product. I went down there to pick up 2 straight razors I had sharpened. I was told the razor sharpener also shaves with a straight razor, and does a wicked good job.  So I was looking forward to getting it back. I arrived, and I tested the razors on my arm hair, and the "hanging hair test," both of which the razors are supposed to pass with flying colors to be safe to shave with. Neither razor could even pluck the hairs off my arm. I politely brought it up, and the representative apologized, and said if I wanted it sharpened again, they'd be more than happy to do that. I asked if they wouldn't mind, and the rep obliged. Came down later in the day to pick them up, and they we're sharoened. Barely. It still wouldn't cut the hair on my arm. And when I came to pick them up, there was another rep who tried to make me pay again for the re-sharpening. Ultimately, I explained my story, and she let it go. But in the end, I doubted myself, said its just buyers remorse, of some form. And I tried to shave with it and it wouldn't cut my facial hair. At all. I would up sharpening it myself, and ultimately I gave them nearly $30 (I also bought a cheap Chinese razor for shits and giggles, which wasn't up to par either, but hey, it was only like 10 bucks and makes a cool pocketknife.) and didn't get anywhere near a quality product. Sorry knife house, I hate to do this.
