3	must have the cinnamon creamy goodness that they serve.  the pizza is okay but im there for the dessert!  love itps. yay i got a first review hehehe
3	If you don't know what Cici's is it is basically a big pizza buffet at a really really cheap price. Like dirt cheap. Think 6 bucks a person cheap, lol. All you can eat pizza, salad, drinks, pasta, and dessert. Food is usually fairly decent and service (at least at this location) has always been very good to us. Finding a coupon is usually not very difficult and it can knock off a few bucks or even get a second person in free, so don't hesitate to do a quick search before going! The big thing that draws us here though is that for the price of the buffet, you can just walk up to the guy behind the buffet counter and request a custom pizza order! So if you don't like what is currently being offered, just ask for what you'd like, they give you a little colored cone, and in a few minutes you get a fresh pizza at your table! We always do this since we like the veggie combo and it tends to vanish pretty fast on the buffet line. Big turn off for this place is the whole buying drinks on their own business. Bah, a buffet should include the drinks in my opinion... ah well. Still, good food for a cheap price and when you are on a budget this place is pretty sweet. Also, the cinnamon buns are awesome!
3	Came here with The Better Half (TBH) for lunch the other day.  They have a special price of $3.99 right now.  I've come to enjoy CiCi's Pizza when I'm looking for cheap eats.This location is by far the lowest end one that I've visited.  It's a little dirtier than the other two locations I've been.  However, those two are the two newest.The Pizza is still the same here as the other locations, so at least the food is consistent.  We piled our plates high and left full.Will I return?  It's in my neighborhood, so the chances are high.
4	Took my Son here for lunch last week.  We enjoy our CiCi's lunches....there's always a great selection of Pizza.  So, why did I bump them up a Star?  Because while we were there a soccer team with over 20 kids plus their families and coaches came in to eat.....and the CiCi's staff kept up with the massive demand of Pizza.  They'e really good at their jobs....and the Pizza is decent too.Will I return?  You can count on it.
3	Hits: Alfredo pizza, Pepperoni pizza, Cheese pizza. Misses: Taco pizza, Buffalo Chicken pizza. Super hit? Fresh cinnamon buns. Awesome.Staff: Guy manning the pizza display was awesome and attentive. You're craving Taco pizza? He puts an order in and when it comes up, he slices up the pie, plates a couple of slices for you to bring to your table before putting the rest out on the buffet.Overall not bad at all for the price.
4	Love this place! Great for kids...and Adults. Has a variety of pizza to choose from and if you don't see one you like they will make a whole pizza just for you and bring it to your table! There is a kids gaming area in the back that kids can play video games or air hockey. They have great desserts and you can't beat the price for all you can eat. Don't forget to get you punch card validated. With the purchase of 8 buffets you get the 9th free. The to go pizza is a great deal and we will be getting the food there for our daughters b-day party in June.
4	Its, cheap, has options, pizza is actually good for being a buffet setup and did I mention that its cheap?
4	My goodness I love this place. It's not top quality pizza (otherwise I'd surely rate this place 5stars). Well this place gets my attention every time I'm in Vegas. Only wish they had this place in the Bay Area. The concept of this place is quite simple, pay a small price to get in, and eat ALLLLLL the pizza you want. Yup that's right! Pizzzzzza buffet!. Not only do the serve pizza here, they have a salad bar, soup, and even pasta! I'm not sure what it was that we paid to get in this place, but I simply can't get enough of it. I'd pay up to $10 an adult to eat at this joint. I know it's a bit pricey, but I love this place and I'm a sucker for pizza.When you get here you see your normal, cheese pizza, peperoni, yada yada. But what I mainly come here is their unique pizza toppings. Here's a few that I like to eat.Macaroni PizzaBBQ Chicken PizzaBuffalo Chicken PizzaSpinach PizzaTaco Pizza -----this is my all time favoriteThere are a few that I haven't mentioned, you just have to go to this place and check it out for yourself. If you don't see a certain pizza you want to try, you can always ask the cooks to make a few slices for you and they'll be more than welcome to help you out.There are also some desserts also, that I haven't mentioned only because sweets aren't my cup of tea and I'm not sure how they taste. Although the wifey says their great, I trust here because she sure knows her sweets. Pasta, soup and salad are good too, not top notch but good enough to get you satisfied.Like I said before, this place isn't top quality pizza you would normally get compared to a NY Pizza Joint etc, which is the only reason from keep me rating this to 5 stars. But all in all, I enjoy coming here every time I'm in town and I'm sure I won't get tired of it. I recommend all pizza lovers to try this place out, if you love pizza, you won't be disappointed.
5	As far as I know, this chain is the only one of its kind, offering "All-You-Can-Eat" Pizza for a most reasonable price.  But, that's not the reason I dine there, almost every Saturday.I'm a member of a fraternal group that has a 2-hour meeting at a nearby business, beginning at 10 AM.  When we're done at Noon, we're hungry, and Cici's is conveniently located a short distance away.  But, that's not the reason I go there.I judge an establishment by the way the personnel treat me and my friends, and I've never been treated better, anywhere else, than I am here. Manager Blake Beaudoin and his staff are truly unique, when it comes to dispensing excellent customer service, and THAT is what brings me back, time after time.Blake greets me by name when I walk in the front door with my guests (I usually pick up the tab with my gambling winnings), and not only does he recall my name, he also remembers MY ORDER (double sausage, mushrooms, onions & black olives) and prepares it, almost without checking.  And, even though Blake is the manager of the place, you can see him mopping a floor or delivering pizzas to guests, just like any other employee.  He refuses to sit back in his office, shuffling papers; he wants to be where "the action" is.The quality of the food is terrific, of course, but as good as it is, it can't equal the splendid service one gets, at this particular location.Don't misunderstand me, please.  At any of the Cici's locations, you'll receive good food and great service, but at this specific venue, Blake Beaudoin truly exceeds my expectations, every time.I guess that has to do with him being from Montana, where some of the friendliest folks on Planet Earth are known to live.Do I have any "complaints" at all?  Just one.  The men's restroom has NO MIRROR, due to vandalism by some inconsiderate slobs.  However, all-metal mirrors are available, so perhaps one day, they might install one.If you stop by this place, you'll definitely have good food and good times, and you'll become a "regular," just like me.
5	Customer service here is A-MAY-ZING!Here the managers are sooo sweet and welcoming! They seriously go the extra mile to make sure you enjoyed your experience! You want a weird pizza? DONE! They do whatever you want, bc they want YOU to be happy! AWESOME! What I love is here you can MAKE YOUR OWN SALAD! You can load that shiz up with jalapenos, bacon bits, or whatever your little heart desires! You can also get a cup of ranch for your buffalo chicken pizza! BOMB!!I usually only eat the buff chicken pizza, the deep dish pepperoni with white sauce, or the macaroni pizza! They have awesome others though, the Philly cheese steak, cheeseburger, taco, and whatever you could think of!They also have a good little soda area and a pretty dope game room!Def child friendly and huge!
4	I'm not really a pizza fan and I know what you're thinking, "Then why are you at a AYCE pizza buffet!!!" Lol. My husband loves pizza. We go for him. Customer service is amazing here they always ask if we have requests when we finish paying. I stick mostly to the salad or a slice or two of the buffalo chick pizza.
4	Always good for the kids. Cheap ok pizza.
5	The service was great & the pizza was delicious! Definitely a great place!
4	AMAZING!!!!! Was my first visit! The staffing was OMG FANTASTIC!!! I literally cant get over how friendly everyone was and very quick as well. I enjoyed my experience very much and cant wait to go back!
1	OMG !! I don't know how this dam place got good ratings !!!!! The pizza was dry blan and tasted spoiled and it was stale and hard greasy and gummy like wtf ?? Nasty ass good like wow even the cinnamon rolls tasted fake you can taste the sugar grains and the dough taste just like BOOTY AND ASS !!!! Oh and the pizza dough taste like carpet and dirt and dog breathe !!!! DONT EAT HERE
2	First time at a cicis, not impressed. We paid the extra $8 for their garlic parmasan and buffalo wings...they were not very good, for the quality, they should, have been included in the buffet.  Good place for kids to eat a slice but not much of a selection.
1	Upon entering, there were two ladies in front of me ordering take-out.  A gentleman, possibly the manager, behind the counter said, "Welcome to Cici's" and then walked away while the young lady at the register told me it would be a couple of minutes. The women in front of me finished ordering and the lady at the register stood there for a long time just looking at the register. Shecalled the manager over for help with something, he left and she continued to stare at the register. As I stood there, according to my watch, almost FIVE minutes had a passed since I entered the restaurant. She did not look up or acknowledge me again. I walked out the door, never being helped, paying or eating. If there is a problem in making me wait to take my money at Cici's, what other issues does this restaurant have?
2	I'm sorry but I'm never coming back to this particular Cici's pizza location. The salad and pizza are completely dry. They look and not to mention tasted, like they've been out for decades. Even the babies didn't like it. The customer service was great. They were very friendly but they really just need to work on the freshness of the pizza, salad and pasta. Thanks for the food but no thanks. You get what you pay for I guess. Good luck.
2	The Pizza was cold and stale. Definitely not worth 6 bucks. That was my first and last time taking my family their.  The place was clean and the workers are nice but the food was just unbearable.
4	Great place to take the family for lunch or dinner if you want all you can eat  pizza pizza pizza and lots of pizza + soup , salad and pasta and even desert  for a  crazy low price. The restaurant is well managed by Scott with a great team of employees that give great curteous and friendly service, so everyone go check it out.
3	We used to go here all the time...all five or six of us. We always order a supreme for the table but we were informed that the pizzas were now personal pizzas. We ordered five of them as they never have supremes on the line. I guess they didn't take us seriously as the pizzas were never made. After a mishap with some marinara (no fault of Cicis) and 45 minutes waiting, I asked for my money back and left the store with sauce all over me. The manager refunded the entire amount of the check so cudos to him for that, but to not take your customers request seriously is very poor business practice and they have lost a regular customer!
1	THEY DEMAND PHOTO ID WITH EVERY CREDIT CARD PURCHASE. This is not only extremely poor customer service, inconvenient,and improper but ignorant. To argue and refuse service to paying customers,and create a scene for$16.00 is absurd. Before you  attempt to rebuke this post - understand that your opinion in favor of this ignorant policy does not matter. When Cici's agreed to take Visa/MasterCard, they agreed to abide by the Card Association Rules -and cannot routinely demand ID if a customer presents a valid signed credit card. I believe that this is a violation of privacy and demanding ID still does not  protect them from fraudulent transactions, chargebacks,or credit card fraud. Citing an ignorant company policy advising them to break rules or laws, does not make the action permissible. To overlook this transgression against customers is to overlook the employee abuse,sexual harassment, immigrant abuse that is likely occurring in this  chain as well.To add insult, they were loud and argumentative while I was in line with a large group for my daughters soccer team pizza party. I had to leave and go to an ATM to get cash. I WILL NEVER STEP FOOT INTO ANY ONE OF THESE STORES AGAIN. I WILL VEHEMENTLY GO OUT OF MY WAY TO LET EVERYONE KNOW NOT TO PATRONIZE THIS STORE, AND THIS CHAIN.I am also asking everyone that has been ignorantly carded to file a complaint with Visa https://usa.visa.com/checkoutfees/contact.jsp -check the last box and put in the comments that the  store displayed Visa signage,but refused to accept your card without ID.Report MasterCard Violations by  Merchants:http://www.mastercard.us/support/merchant-violations.htmlChoose the third box down to report that the merchant violated Card Association Rules for requiring identification.Store Manager was extremely rude - Scott Georgeff.District Manager for this store is Shannon Young 702-334-3174Please do not support this location.Poor customer service is not to be tolerated. Quality food chains would never embarrass and mistreat their customers. I worked at InnOut Burger, and we were instructed even to  give a patron a free meal if they  ever came in and had forgotten their wallet at home or didn't have enough money. We could never badger them or argue, or embarrass them.http://www.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/can-retailers-ask-id-with-credit_card-1282.phphttps://www.privacyrights.org/ar/Alert-FS15.htmhttp://www.consumerreports.org/cro/news/2011/02/can-a-merchant-require-id-for-a-credit-or-debit-card-purchase/index.htm
5	Great place to come bring the family yo eat....the staff was super friendly and I decided to Yelp about it due to an outstanding employee named Devin...it was our first time going to Cicis and he explained the buffet and menu...he was very attentive to our large family attending...cant go bad with excellent service and great pizza!!...when back in Vegas...this is a for sure stop!
