3	Fro-Yo Wanugee here. This Golden Spoon is brand new, only opened 10 days ago. It's hidden in the Promenade shopping mall on North Scottsdale near Frank Lloyd Wright Blvd, my old stomping grounds.It is SPYFY. (Server Pours Your Fro-Yo). Normally, I like PYOFY (Pour Your Own Fro-Yo) because it gives me better control of what I want. SPYFY has set prices and portion controls, while PYOFY has self-serve amounts and is charged by the ounce. However, I have noticed that most PYOFY places use inferior Fro-Yo machines. The consistency of the Fro-Yo is, well, inconsistent. I have also noticed that most SPYFY places have better consistency in their consistency. I think it is for two reasons:1. SPYFY doesn't have every pimple faced kid jerking off the machine to PYOFY. 2. SPYFY places, more often than not, user a higher quality Fro-Yo machine. Like this SPYFY, Golden Spoon. They use higher end Taylor machines (their the ones with blue LEDs on the front), which have better temperature control, and less hands jerking off the white pud.So there is less dribble before it comes.....out. I guess the analogy between PYOFY and SPYFY is like Sex with a partner (PSFSS - Partner Stimulation For Sexual Satisfaction) ) and Masturbation (SSFSS - Self Stimulation For Sexual Satisfaction).You may get a much more satisfying outcome from the PSFSS  versus the SSFSS. Just don't confuse PSFSS with SPYFY and SSFSS with PYOFY. You may not get the consistency out of either sticky white streams that you wanted.Fro-Yo Wanugee here. You know you love me long time!
5	I am basing my review off of the free 8oz frozen yogurt I received today during their Grand Opening promotion. VERY, VERY Good. I was able to mix two flavors so I got cake batter and just chocolate. Can I say just yummy?! The staff were very friendly and kept the line moving very quickly seeing as it was out the door at when I got there around 4:30pm.  Oh and they were extremely generous with their portions. Double yum.Will I be back, hmm YES! I mean hello, it is frozen yogurt and it was pretty darn tasty.
4	This was not my first experience at Golden Spoon.  I had tried a few times at their Chandler location.  They never disappoint.  It was the Scottsdale location's Grand Opening weekend offering free yogurt.  Nothing beats FREE!  I like their Raspberry Cheesecake and Pistachio. I had sampled the Pomegranate Blueberry , didn't like it.  It sounded good, but tasted very sour.  Their yogurts are creamer than Yogurtland, Ocean Blue, and Mojo.
4	Well let's see as Frozen yogurt goes for me here is my top 5:1.) Red Mango2.) Mojo3.) Golden Spoon4.) Yumberry5.) Yogurtology (which i have not tried yet)...LOL...but i am sure it won't be as good as the other's.Now as you can see the Golden Spoon was 3rd on my list, and the for the price this is the best frozen yogurt for the money. I visited this location this past friday....i had the simply tart yogurt with strawberry's and it was simply delicious. The best part is that the regular sized cost only $4.25 which is the cheapest price i have ever payed for frozen yogurt in that size.The establishment itself is located in "The Promenade" shopping center in Scottsdale...very clean...but also very small. I was very disappointed that there were no pineapples and that is why i gave this establishment only 4 stars...LOL. I really do love pineapples...and i think all yogurt shops should have them for toppings.So if your ever in Scottsdale and want a sweet treat...give the Golden Spoon a try. Eat, Drink, and Be Merry my Friends!!!
4	A classic frozen yogurt shop.  They do it well and there great tasting yogurt never gets old.
2	Kinda sad that this place hasn't had a plain tart flavor both times we've been here. However, the yogurt is pretty decent. We'd definitely choose other yogurt places nearby over this one, but since we have had a coupon both times, we didn't mind coming here.The toppings were quite good. We had the heath bar and gummy bears.The first time we came here, the guy working there was very friendly! However, this past time, the girl at the counter was quite bland and didn't seem interested in talking to anybody about the flavors.
5	As a Beachbody Fitness Coach, I have to walk the talk, not that I don't enjoy it ;) Though when it comes to dessert it's awfully hard to find options that are low in calories and fat, and still get fulfilled. Golden Spoon not only offers gluten free flavors, but they are very healthy. The Mini is filling and at only 200 calories or so, it's a perfect snack.
5	The weather is warmer so Froyo is on my mind a lot lately so we decided to visit Golden Spoon and they did not disappoint; well maybe a little cause they were out of Banana. The lady in front of me in line got the last of it, WTH was I gonna choose now. So I asked for a taste of Chocolate and the Peanut butter and they were yummy so I mixed them with Heath Bar Bits and Almonds. It was so good, I will have to choose that combo again.  This place is not self serve and during my visit there was only one counter person and she was busy, but she was nice and efficient. I think Golden Spoon is my favorite Valley Froyo spot the taste can't be beat.
2	Will not return. So here's how this store runs apparently,one young girl behind the counter comes out texting, doesn't really say anything, places her phone down on the counter. Um, am I supposed to greet *you*? They only had about 8 flavors to choose from, 4 of which weren't working! After she pours the yogurt she immediately goes to ring me up, um, can I get some toppings? She piles on about 3 giant scoops of M&Ms. Thanks for asking how much I want. I think if the owner knew the customer service here, they would not be happy. Why would anyone come here when there are WAY better places out there. Yogurtology has way more flavors, way more toppings, and you do it yourself. Complete customization. No need to go to golden spoon.
5	If I'm going to settle for frozen yogurt over ice cream, I better enjoy it.  When I have Golden Spoon, I don't feel like I'm settling.  This location is on par with the others.  Very clean, with a big variety of flavors and toppings, and a couple of seats for eating in.The prices may seem higher at first glance, but the servers tend to pour very generous portions.  They also generously load the toppings in the cup or cone.  If you paid 30 to 40 cents an ounce for what Golden Spoon gives you, you'd be paying a whole lot more.Call me old fashioned, but I despise the self service frozen yogurt concept.  That in itself may be one of the biggest reasons I prefer Golden Spoon to other frozen yogurt places.  Not only are most of the flavors better at Golden Spoon, but there tends to be a wider variety and the machines are superior.  No super soft runny yogurt here.
2	Golden Spoon is tasty place but this one gets a 3 it is in need of a cleaning dirty floors and walls as well windows.. Meanwhile the counter person talking with her friend slowly takes our order and then returns to her conversation .. Yeah not to impressed.
1	Yuk.  There are sooooo many better yogurt places out there.  This one has a young girl who is texting the entire time.  I ordered two flavors, and she couldn't remember the first one I told her.  But that is probably because she wasn't the least bit interested in us as customers.  She was so rushed to set my yogurt on the DIRTY front counter so she could get back to her phone, I had to ask her if I could please have a topping.  You would have thought I asked her for a million dollars.   The place is filthy.  There were numerous 3 foot cobwebs hanging from the ceiling, the floor had not been cleaned in days, the counter was dirty, the holder that keeps the napkins was disgusting and full of food debris, there was old garbage and debris all around and behind the trash bin that hadn't been cleaned in days... oh I could go on and on.All I can say is, it is too bad the owner doesn't read these reviews.  The employee needs to be fired.  And somebody should really clean this place.  We will never go back.  Ewwwwww
4	Yes, most frozen yogurt shops are the same these days, but Golden Spoon keeps the original memory of *gasp* having someone serve you the frozen yogurt and *gasp* scoop your toppings for you alive. In a way, it's refreshing to visit a yogurt shop where you are actually served. I like the flavor variety of Golden Spoon, as well as how creamy their yogurts are. Have you every been to a frozen yogurt shop with banana flavored fro yo? Well, visit Golden Spoon and you might find it on their flavor list! I stuck with the basic cake batter and chocolate swirl, but my six year old nephew was sure happy to order up a cup of banana! As for toppings, they allow you to get three spoonfuls of toppings, either three of the same topping or three different ones. The pricing is reasonable and the serving is plentiful. Don't forget about one of the originals in the Valley! Give Golden Spoon a shot. After all, I remember driving 10 minutes out of my way to visit Golden Spoon, during the days when there wasn't a frozen yogurt shop on every corner!
4	Cool local feel to the shop. Not commercialized like other fro yo places, which is good and bad.dThey don't have 457 flavors but enough to please most. They do the serving with old fashioned sized cups instead of one-cup-fits-all. I like htat it's a local joint and they have never been super busy that I'm waiting in line. Mostly singles/couples/small groups or families. It's close to a hotel I stay at regularly, so this has become a staple for me for a midday snack.
5	Okay...so with having boys and playing a lot of baseball especially when it is hot we seem to get Ice Cream or Frozen Yogurt a lot, and lately we have been going her to the Golden Spoon quit often.The have a great selection of flavors and toppings and you don't have to worry about weighing it, you chose what size and what toppings and you know what you are paying for, no surprises like the other place once you weigh them it comes to $25-$30 for a family of four This place is small in a big complex but next time your near the Nordstrom's Rack or Lowe's remember this small gem is there too
1	Never again. I have been to the location in ahwatukee before and like the yogurt so I decided to try to one near my house. I was ordering and I noticed the woman wasn't listening to me she was listening to two customers behind me. I turned around to see what was so intriguing and noticed the other customers were intensely staring at the ground near my feet. I looked down and there was a cockroach crawling across the floor! The woman behind the counter didn't do anything and the customers ended up seeing a random broom laying around, grabbed it and smashed it over and over again before my unbelieving eyes. I paid for the yogurt I ordered but I threw it out before taking one bite. The yogurt is good but not good enough to make me forget about what I saw.
3	I really hate giving my favorite yogurt shop 3 stars, but it's fallen off. I used to come 2 or 3 times a week and almost got a job here. Yogurt was super thick and creamy, unlike every other place that prizes toppings over yogurt. Golden Spoon is great yogurt, pure and simple.However, I haven't been in a while, but as of my last visit, prices have inflated and management has skimped on yogurt quality. The yogurt itself was not as creamy and came out thin, which was worse given that the girl behind the counter gave me a very small amount of it. I asked for a sample, and when she put too much into the sample cup, SHE THREW IT AWAY and got me a much smaller one. She was very cold; I would've gotten more human interaction from a self-serve machine. I know this was just one visit - on a Sunday night, too - but I used to pay less for a generous tower of yogurt, and now I'm paying steeper prices for less yogurt, cheaper quality, and terrible service. I'm planning on coming way less, if at all.Also, they changed some of their fonts to Comic Sans since my last visit. WHO DOES THAT!?
2	Great yogurt and open later for thay cravingThe girl that works on Sunday is not the friendliest person in the world.  I was the only one in there, so I tried to say hello etc. She looked and really said nothing.  BLANK STARE
5	As far as frozen yogurt goes, there is none even close to how good Golden Spoon is.  They aren't fancy or self serve, but the yogurt is amazing. They also have a frequent flyer card and often offer great deals for discounted gift cards. So amazing I don't know what to do with myself.
