2	Stopped by this brewpub while vacationing in Montreal. While I cannot comment on the food, I can comment on the beer and experience.The beer overall was not very impressive but OK. They had a few different styles and we tried 4 different ones. Also, the bartender initially ended up giving us the wrong beer and ended up pouring it down the drain. This is alcohol abuse! I am sure there was a local at the bar they could have given them to or alternatively given us them on the house. The atmosphere was somewhat dead and depressing with the workers more interested watching hockey on the computer.In summary, better brewpubs in Montreal to check out.
5	This place is the first handcraft brewery that opened in Montreal, and is still one of the best and one of the most affordable.You don't go there for food : they can sell you panini, olives or nachos, but they don't have a kitchen, so you usually don't take your meal there.  You go there for the beers!I'm going to this place since 15 years, and like all handcraft brewery, the quality and the choice of beer may vary a lot from time to time.  But in general, the beers are really good, the bartenders are really friendly, and the prices are lower than then the ones you find in Montreal.  Moreover, it's a really relax place, the music is not too loud, the crowd is sympathetic.  Perfect place to discuss and enjoy good company.
3	The decor was nice, but the beers were just okay. I went early in the afternoon, so I don't know what the nighttime atmosphere is like, but I did try a sampler of the beers -- ok. Much better than macrobrews, but much less than what the craft beer world has to offer.
4	Great brewery. Probably #3 on my list of favorites that I visited. I had the Blond and it was very good. Not many people spoke English, but we were able to carry on a somewhat funny conversation with our bartender.  Giving 4 out of 5 stars because I only tasted the blond and my husband's Red IPA. Both good. I wish I had more time to try the others, and I did not try any food.
4	fantastic beers - OOH the seasonal is full of such rich, spicy flavors, and the cherry porter has a perfect deep & tart balance - good music, and dim lighting. a girl couldn't ask for much more... except maybe get rid of the only uppity french speaker i encountered in my entire 5-day stay in Montreal! we visited twice and loved the place. the staff was generally friendly and helpful, but they must admit they have an odd payment policy: debit cards only, but not Visa debit. when my husband went to pay, he was clearly not understanding this, clearly getting frustrated, but rather than explain things in any other terms or find someone else to help him, the bartender threw her hands up in the air and walked away from him. left him standing there, confused, embarrassed, fuming. while he walked to the gas station up the street (which was out of order) to get cash to pay the bill, i watched her curtly correct another patron's French as he ordered for his 4 friends. how rude! and she repeated herself in case he didn't hear the first time!!  otherwise, had a great time here. just a shame to end on such a sour note. i really wanted one of those sweet t-shirts, but i wasn't about to spend another minute/dime talking to that snippy girl.
5	Very nice brewery with very good beers! Bartenders are very friendly, music is good, and it's totally affordable. But don't go there for the food. Perfect to have a drink with friends!
4	Beer was great, bar in general was great actually but no food. Eat first before coming here.
4	This place is a go to for me and my friends now. First off the beer (especially cream ale) are delicious and modestly priced $6 a pint. They are brewed there so that's pretty cool too. The music is always good and is magically the perfect level, loud enough to enjoy but you never have to talk loudly to hear each other.No dance floor, no outside patio for smoking. Lots of seating. I recommend this bar for relaxed nights with good conversations not really to get wild, party and cut a rug, but hey, who wants to do that all the time right? :) Definely go!
4	went here for a couple rounds while in out of town.  got in around 5:30 & got the last 2 seats in the whole place - & the place quickly packed out.  obviously a hopping happy hour spot, & i imagine it's crazy later at night too.  a very open, warm, happy atmosphere for a bar.no frills brew pub - seemed like about half the beers on tap were house-made, half were other fancy / delicious / snooty beers (depending on your outlook.  we managed to sample 4 different Cheval Blanc brews & thought they were all great.  unfortunately they don't take cards so i had to stroll down the street to an ATM - bummer.  BUT after striking up a conversation with the bartender about the current student protests, he gave us our 2nd round on the house.  when we left town we were bummed we didn't get a chance to return - will definitely try to make it back on next trip to montreal.
4	To be honest, I think that my favorite part about this place was not the beer, but the layout.  I love DDC and Benelux, but I hate that they're so crowded.  Sometimes I feel like I'm on the Metro at rush hour in the winter in there.Le Cheval Blanc was not like that.  Granted, we were there pretty early, but just the layout suggested that there would not be the claustrophobia of the other places.  For one thing, the number of tables in there seems proportionate to the amount of air a person would need to breathe and lift their beer to their lips if all of the tables were full.  That said, I did find that their selection was a bit unimpressive.  We didn't ask about anything but their beers on tap, so I don't know if they do bottled or have a secret stash or something, but from what I could tell they were only offering 8 beers, and 3 of those were imports and wildly expensive (one of them was $22).  They do, however, do flights/samplers, and the beer is very tasty.
3	2.5 starsThis was one of the many brew pubs I visited on my last trip to Montreal. Unfortunately, it was probably my least favourite. I generally love all beer pubs and appreciate local craft beers but the overall experience resulted in fewer stars.We had a table towards the back of the pub and it got so crowded. Every two seconds someone bumped into me, backpacks and purses hit me in the back of the head and I  could barely hear my friends talking. The overcrowding also made the pub very hot and uncomfortable. The worst thing was the music - some crazy industrial music that sounded like someone scratching their nails on a blackboard - just painful (and this is coming from heavy metal music fan for almost 30 years).Given the above, it would be hard to enjoy any beer. My friends ordered a sampler of 8 beers so I tried a few including: Blonde, Imperial stout, Triple IPA, Export Porter, cream ale and Amber. My favourite was the triple so I proceeded to order two pints. I found the other beers to be in the "average range". They had roughly 10 brews on tap which rotate. The next problem was ordering the beer. Not sure they have enough staff here as it was rather painful to wave someone down (and I have a friend who is very good at this). Once we got someone, the were friendly and language was not an issue - they spoke English. Tourists should feel comfortable here. Also odd was paying for every drink right away but I found this to be a common practice at other pubs in Montreal.   Not sure I would return but if I did, I would arrive earlier in the evening when its not so crowded. BK
3	I know my jumping up and down, waving my arms vigorously for attention of a server would have been appreciated one day... and my Yelp Friends would be so thankful that I able to get them their beers at Le Cheval Blanc.Finding a table or even a chair is not easy. I know it is a Friday night. Everyone in the bar here are looking for a chair..as I viciously guarding that empty chair waiting for the last of our threesome to arrive with 10+ people trying to steal it away.Picking what to drink was easy as I know I want to do a sample tray. 8 beer of different style all labelled and the beers at Le Cheval Blanc is quite delicious.We sampled:- Blanc- Cream Ale- Stout- Export Porter- Amber- American Pale Ale- Triple IPA- Imperial StroutNothing stand out to be my favourite but they all true to their style and were quite enjoyable.The music here though a little too loud, definitely not a place to chill or talk to your friends! But hey, you can scream at them after a pint of cheap drink or 2?!I would avoid coming on a weekend...... I just want to enjoy my beer not spending the whole evening trying to get my beer!
3	Not terribly impressive, but at least our waitress was friendly and the prices were good. My pint and a shot were just $9.50. The selection is minimal, and when we ordered pickleback shots, we got shots with pickles in them. Not sure if this is just a Montreal thing... especially since it may be my fault for asking her for something quintessentially quebecois to drink.
4	Went here for a pint (they brew on the premises) and rather enjoyed it! It was winter, so we didn't get to enjoy the patio, but the interior is nice enough, and it wasn't super crowded (on a friday evening). Highly recommend for good beer and a fun bar atmosphere.
4	Simple brew pub in Montreal. Price is good for what you get. One of my favourite places to grab a pint in the city. I'll never forget the first beer I had here was a curry beer. A pint of curry beer is delicious as it sounds.
4	The sparkling clean, tile-encrusted brewery of Le Cheval Blanc shown to me by the brewmaster after we had a couple of pints, doesn't produce much (its a six barrel system), but it certainly churns out fine beer to the taps of their dimly lit brewpub, embroidered in deep leather red, accented by steel and wood. Six CAD for a pint of a fine IPA (spiked with citron), well balanced, not too bitter, the citrus backed up by a judicious application of Citra Hops. Six CAD for an Imperial of cream ale; rich, filling, warming. Me and the brewmaster talk in broken French and broken English about our favorite wines and beers, foraging for morels, cooking large dinners for friends. Music plays softly; a back patio waits for the snow to melt. We go outside and smoke a Gauloise cigarette apiece, swearing against the cold (he in French, I in Arabic).  Its a nice moment; we speak of our beer and food, the failures of both of our nations  (Canada apparently sucks as much as the U.S. these days), of the loves and losses and pains of everyday life in a big city.  He wants to move to San Francisco, I want to move to Montreal. We both laugh at the improbability of either happening. I fall in love with the bartender, her boyfriend walks in, they share a lingering kiss. I fall out of love with the bartender.A quick shot of whiskey (on the house), and I have to move out, my ruddy complexion sophomorically optimistic in the face of a cold too profound for a man from San Francisco to comprehend. The bartender gives me a half-wave and a smile, I fall back in love.My mustache freezes in the winter air.
3	We didn't try any of the micro beers but the drinks were great and the nachos were so crispy! We were here on $2.50 Wild Turkey night so we were happy!!
3	I was pretty jetlagged when I got there. So my impressions might have been altered. I was there on a Saturday night around 9 PM. And there was almost nobody: there was like five people outside and then maybe five people in and that was it. So, I was a little disappointed. Maybe I was too early.The beer was good. I had the "mini IPA": a fully hoppy beer but not as strong as a standard IPA. A little too bitter for my taste but had an amazing floral aroma.
4	Kind of a David Lynch vibe goin' on. Great place to get drunk before the tragic bus ride back to NYC.
4	great inexpensive beer!service is fast and furious. place is buzzing with people so if you come with a group, you'll wait quite a while to get a table. i was lucky enough to get one before our cmye meet.and since its jam packed, it is quite loud despite not having much music (or no music at all)as for beers, i got the raspberry one. its one boozy beer and its sourness gives it that smooth finish which is perfect for me.their sour cream dip for the nachos did fooled me! i was wondering how it could defy the laws of gravity but it was in a porcelain bowl that gave the illusion that the cream was floating somehow. well done white horse, well done!
4	This is very much a no frills place but they serve excellent beer and the prices aren't too shabby either.  Expect to pay around $5.50 for a pint and the quality is very high for what you get.  I tried the raspberry beer and I have to say it is one of the better ones that I've tasted here in Montreal.  There isn't much foodwise but the nachos everyone shared were pretty good.
5	I was so glad to come back here after many years away to see it's twice as big and still retains the design and feeling of this beautiful old brewer's bar. Dim, long bar, raised area in the back, and a great selection of homemade beers including a nice clean sharp IPA and a sour raspberry lambic. Service is busy, don't hesitate to wave them down, food is snacky but fresh and good. Beer lovers should check this place out, it's tucked a few blocks off St Denis and is in many ways the perfect bar.
5	In Montreal, you will not find a 100 plus beers on tap. You will find, however, bars that make there own beer. Known as A Micro Brew. Unfortunately , I have no sense of taste and I drink the same " AMBRE "beer each time I go to Cheval Blanc .... come to think of i, I really can go for a FRANBOISE right now !!! Or a nice tasty CH'FAL DUBLIN Irish Red . Ok , I am off. See ya there!
