5	My car has been two weeks overdue of an oil change, but like many others, I procrastinated.  At 3:30pm on a Saturday, I bought my car here, seeing that there were 2 cars in line, I don't know if they will service my car.  To my surprise, the attendant said that he will squeeze me in.  Oh what a relief.I walked over to DQ on a 44 degrees weather to enjoy a turtle pecan cluster and headed back to JL.  They did a thorough check on my car, and follow their own checklist to let me know the services that my car  may need, but the manager on duty didn't try to push for any added services, which is good.  Who likes to be push into a sale right? But of course, comments/advice/tips are definitely welcome, and this was how it went down.  I ended up having an oil change and my air filter replaced.  Manager on Duty showed me how dirty it was, which I totally agreed upon examining it.  The services that day cost me $40 so it was all good.  I will always come back to this location to get work done for my car.  Also, the soft leather-like chairs are so comfy, but there are only 6 of them.  There are magazine for one to read to kill time if one pleases.  There are many fast-food joints nearby, such as arby's, del taco, DQ, Weinerschnitzel, Gin Mill (pub)...
5	I just moved on this side of town and was hopeful these guys were as awesome as my other jiffy lube. I wasn't disappointed. Everyone I came into contact with were helpful, nice, and had a smile. Even though they were busy they were done super fast without trying to sell me a bunch of unnecessary stuff.  This is my new oil change place. :)
5	Great service here!  They were able to change my differential, transmission, engine oils, and my cabin filter in under an hour.  The staff was nice and don't try to sell you unnecessary options.  They'll show you what's recommended but give you the option whether you want to do it or not.  I had put off doing my differential and transmission oil the last two times and decided I do it this last time I went and they even gave me a discount:)  They also checked and replaced  my serpentine belt which was well over due.  Overall great experience with these guys.
5	Awesome service - quick and friendly!
5	So, I have never had to take my car in to get anything done in the last 4 years that I have had it because I use to date a guy who worked for Toyota and he did everything for me. Well, now that he is out of the picture and my check engine light came on, I had to figure out what I needed to fix that. I knew about the last time I had an oil change, but not how many miles. So while I was searching for a place to go, I saw this on Yelp and decided that the reviews were good enough for me. I went on a Sunday about 11:30am and there was not wait. One guy walked up to me as I was getting out of the car and asked me what he could do for me. I liked how he came to me and was very nice right off the bat. He told me how many more miles I had left before I needed an oil change, and it was a little ways off, but I was there and I know the other things needed to be checked so I just went ahead and got an oil change and a filter change, because they discovered it was a bit dirty. I spent $70 because I went for the oil upgrade and they gave me $10 off for some reason. I was not sure why, maybe because it was my first time ever going to a Jiffy Lube, but it was nice. It was worth it because they even vacuumed my car and washed the inside of my windows! That was so nice of them. The three guys that were working were all really nice and very helpful in explaining things to me. I think that all the reviews on here so far are exactly right. I was in and out in 20min and overall my experience was great. No stress, no hassle, just the way I like it.
5	I have been going to his particular Jiffy Lube for years. I drive out of my way to get to it. They show you into their lobby which isn't hidden but the fact they walk you to it is a service enhancement. they let you know that you can drink as much coffee as you like and to relax while they ensure your car is taken care of.Once they are ready to service your car they bring you outside to take a look at some of the basics such as air filter, coolant levels, etc. They recommend services based on manufacturer recommendations and never pressure you into anything. They always ask if you would like the premium oil and explain the benefits. if you decline they don't ask you again. The gentleman asked how my windshield wipers were and I had forgotten to change them months ago, I asked him if he could replace them and the charge. He was kind enough to take $25 off the entire bill due to my loyalty. This was a big thing for me since I am in marketing and a good business provides great service but a great business rewards its loyal customers. In all I love this place and will never go anywhere else to get my oil changed or any other routine maintenance.Services paid for: Full Synthetic Oil Change ($91), New Windshield Wipers ($35), and Fuel cleaner ($34). Free services: Carpet cleaning, windshield wash, tire pressure inspection and fill, coolant top offs, air filter maintenance, factory recommendations, and more.Total bill was $156.00 after $25 off.
5	Great staff!  Good customer service :-)  relatively quick... even on a Saturday! Great job!
2	Very, very, very friendly employees...but they left greasy fingerprints ALL over my pickups exterior.   My windows they "cleaned"...holy crap I almost wreck when the sun hit the windshield and the streaks came into full reflective view.  They should have used the windshield rag to clean there hands before working on any ones vehicle and then use a squeegee to do the windows..if the homeless figured this out how come a major chain operation hasn't...use a SQUEEGEE.I have been using jiffy lube for years (other store locations) and this is the first time I have experienced these issues.
5	Saw the guy on the street waiving the sign for a oil change, knew I needed one, but was short on time. I pulled in and asked how long it would take.  Twenty minutes and I was out! Great customer service as the others have mentioned. The best thing was that that they topped off all my fluids & didn't charge me extra for the oil as my engine takes more than normal. I' ll be taking the other four of our family's cars back there for oil changes for sure!
5	Very  nice, explained everything.  Taught me how to change a cabin air filter since they didn't have one in stock and I was headed out of town (otherwise they said I could just come back and they'd put it in for me)
4	I have been taking my car to this Jiffy Lube for oil changes and smog checks for the last three years or so. They have always been reliable and efficient. The staff has always been very friendly and accommodating. They are on the pricier side when it comes to oil change, but they do give you several options/packages to choose from. They also wash your car windows and vacuum the floors, check fluids/top off if needed along with an oil change. They will try and upsell for sure. Main upsell point is the air filter...unless you've never changed it, it is a negligible thing that really won't make much difference in your gas mileage, and is something you can do yourself.  Overall, they aren't pushy with the upsells, when you say you are not interested it's left at that. I have not had any issues in years of dealing with them.
5	Service was awesome! It was a short wait despite obviously being slammed. The mechanics were quite pleasant and forthcoming with everything. If anything, I'd say they were hesitant to recommend services I needed. Overall, I was satisfied.
5	I have been coming to this Jiffy Lube since I moved to Vegas last year. The employees are always very friendly and look you in the eye, I appreciate that a lot.The last time I got the oil changed, I was very impressed with the service but they messed up the windows of my soft top when they tried using a cleaner and rag to clean them (big no-no for any type of soft top vehicle). I got one of those surveys after my service that time, and I mentioned the windows in my comments. Not only did the manager personally call me to ask about the situation and offer to rectify it, but the district manager was also involved with it.So today was when I had a day off for my next oil change a few months later! The service was fantastic as always, and there was no trouble with my windows or anything else. I really appreciated them doing a great job with my beloved Jeep.
3	I was in desperate need of an oil change, so I headed here quickly during my lunch hoping to get it done fast. Service was efficient and they helped me as soon as I arrived. I only waited about 15 minutes for everything and I was relatively happy with the service.  A little more expensive than other places I have seen and they almost always try to sell me a new air filter, etc. At least they take no for an answer and don't push the sales pitch too much, which I appreciate. Overall, I had an A-Ok experience.
5	Said it might take an hour but I was okay with the wait with how much I need to get done, but was out of there in 30 mins ! Very effective and polite, they really take care of veterans which is appreciated. I thought I would need my brake pads changed but they didn't try to rip me off like most places would, they said they were fine as well as other things I had concerns about!
5	I'm a new NV resident and have also been wary of mechanics, being a female and having been taken advantage of by more than one.  But this one was great--not only were the staff super friendly, they did not try to sell me anything beyond the oil change I desperately needed.  I took my car back to get a smog check before registering it, and they took the time to find out if I even needed to get one--turns out I didn't!  And they weren't even put out by having to take a few extra minutes for something that didn't earn the shop any money.  I'll continue to go here, for sure.
1	If I could give 0 stars, I would. Not only did this location lose my car's registration after emptying out my glovebox to take out my cabin filters (not to mention sent me home with SOMEONE ELSE'S), but after I got home and inspected the air filter, I noticed they didn't even reconnect the hoses - they just lashed it down on top of each other!! When I called about the registration they said they wouldn't have emptied the glovebox, but on a Honda you have to to get to the cabin filters - which they take out to show you if you want replacing. Will never go back, have never had a worse experience just trying to get a simple oil change.
4	So, first I will say that I had a very very very long wait.  But still giving them 4 stars for how nice they were and how they went above and beyond for making me wait.I arrived at 12:45PM-- they told me about 30 minute wait, and then 10-15 minutes to change my oil after.  I waited more than 30 minutes, but whatever..   When they looked over my car I also ended up getting  transmission fluid.  When they thought they were done they told me 10 more minutes (2PM at this point). Well they had to fix something with the drain, so another 15 but they offered to drive me back to work, but I declined.    Then about 15-20 minutes later, they came out again saying something about my drainage cap or thread weren't working, and they needed a piece from a different Jiffy Lube location.    They said it would take a while longer, and they offered to take me to work again. This time I couldn't refuse.  I was a little skeptical, but I needed to get to work after being there for hours.They drove me to work a few miles away, and the tech was apologizing the whole ride.  The things wrong were not an extra charge, but just something unexpected are their end. A little over an hour after they dropped me off at work, they dropped my car off and left the keys with the front desk.  Nothing was missing, everything was there.  They gave me $15 off coupon for the unexpected wait, and vacuumed my floor mats.They were very nice and did a great job.Thanks for trying to make your problems not my worry.
5	This is the best place to get your oil changed. I even received a discount for being a first time customer! The staff is super friendly and accommodating...it's definitely worth the expense.
5	This place has a female mechanic. We definitely need more women in the automotive industry!I requested for them to check my clutch too, even though they are not a full service autoshop. Fortunately, my clutch is working fine. I was having problems during the summer and winter, when it's hot the clutch slips too much, and when its cold during the winter it gets VERY grippy. Anyways, they proved to me that my car is fine. Just some design flaw I guess, since my car has a hydraulic self-adjusting clutch pedal. Did you know it only took like five minutes of conversing with Adriana (the female mechanic) before they returned my car with the oil, filter, and airbox filter all completely changed?!? It may be more expensive than the usual stay at the Toyota Dealership, but appointments at the dealership took me in excess of 2 hours, possibly THREE just to get a oil change. Even though Toyota provides me a 21-point inspection, it basically is the same exact thing with JiffyLube.
3	This place is fast yes. Efficient yes. But triple the price of anywhere in town. $70 for a simple oil change. The dealership charges me $24.95 and I've taken it to a Big "O" Tire, it was $35.95. But $70 because allegedly I use a premium factory oil filter and synthetic blend oil. If they want to overcharge for their service because they are mainly an oil specialty place. Then charge more because you get it done fast, and be honest with the customer. Don't lie and say they need special filters, etc. it's bad business.
4	My experience with jiffy lube started off okay, then bad, then great! I originally came in to get an oil change that was advertised as $24.99. When I met with Ruddy, whom had great customer service, he informed me that my car (Rav4) had been recommended to have the full synthetic oil which was about $77 dollars. I hesitated at first but he offered a discount of $20. So I agreed also considering that this will allow my car to go 5,000 miles rather than 3,000 miles. Then I of course had to change my cabin filter and air filter which the total came out to $137. I drove away in my car as I realized that I got the package which included widow cleaning and floor vacuuming. I noticed that it was done but maybe not to the best quality. Then I noticed that there were little oil stains on my passenger side seat from probably from Andrea's jacket or hands. After I complained (which is something I don't do usually), both Ruddy and Andrea offered multiple genuine apologies and gave me the special deal price and washed out the stains and even washed my carpets in the car and cleaned my windows. All in all, I was very satisfied with how they dealt with the situation.
2	I gave this place a second try after opting for several services a knowledgable friend later informed my were superfluous during my first visit. I understand the business model requires them to up sell and was really pleased this time when the dude who helped me offered the extras but graciously stopped pushing when I declined. Add to this his offer of a free brake inspection? Sounds like a positive visit. Driving away I went through the itemized bill--maybe something they should do with you prior to asking for payment--and noticed I'd been charged $15 for the "free" brake inspection?  I've had fairly positive experiences with this chain overall but can't return to this location...fool me once shame on you and all that.
5	I went here because it had the best yelp ratings of a Jiffy Lube close to me. I was not disappointed the first time and I've taken the car back for service since then.  I am treated courteously and the service technicians are  professional and friendly.  I did not feel pressured to purchase extra services and the technicians checked brake pads without charge and found everything ok.  I feel ready for a road trip.
1	I have been to this jiffy lube before and the service here has always been great. However, after my most recent trip here, let's just say things weren't so great.  I parked my car behind the building where the line says 'SMOG LINE' and a manager approached me. He mentioned that the wait time was about an hour and a half. He asked me if I wanted to wait and I said yes. Then he started sweating and looked around nervously and suggested to me another business around the corner with much faster service even after I agreed to wait. I've never been basically told to kick rocks by a manager especially as a paying customer. I'm not too sure what drugs or drinks had been consumed but this was just crazy. I've never felt so embarrassed and stupid leaving a business before. Basically defeating my purpose of getting in the car in the first place. This WAS my neighborhood car repair service center, but after this experience I will definitely look to yelp in finding a new care center for my vehicle!!
1	Today I went in for a standard oil change. I've used Jiffy Lubes all over the US, each time I've had a great experience and a great service. However today has changed that for me. I left jiffy lube with a $123.00 bill, which was discounted from $158.00. Why so much you might ask? Let me tell you. When the service attended had inspected the car and the services were offered and explained to me, for my 2013 Chrysler 200 with around 40k miles he recommended the synthetic oil change option. I look at the price list on the counter and what do I see in big black bold letters is the SYNTHETIC OIL CHANGE FOR $59.99. I ponder to myself that's reasonable and I'll leave with an $80 bill, no worries. Ha Ha. Now comes the time to pay, not even explaining the bill he asks me "Will this be cash or card?"  "Wait a minute, how much is this?" I reply. He says "$158" (and some change). I almost stopped breathing. "Why is it so expensive?" "Oh the synthetic oil change is $79.99 for 5 quarts and it's an addition $10.99 a quart and you needed 2 extra...." I then ask him the price list says it's $59.99 not $79.99. "Oh the $59.99 is a SYNTHETIC BLEND" I think are you freaking serious!! I'm holding back my anger. I tell him, the service option name is  "synthetic" the $79.99 doesn't even have "synthetic" in the description, it's some Platinum Oil whatever. He says the picture of the oil bottle says "Full Synthetic". OMG!!??!!  I calmly tell him he needs to better explain his services the next time. He knows I'm angry and explains all the service that we're included, almost to erase the mistake he had caused. He discounted me some $30. For me that still wasn't good enough. I'll never go back or recommend that location to anyone.
4	After only a few days from my review I was contacted by Jiffy Lube. They sincerely wanted to know about my service. I was able to recall the situation and tell them my frustrations. He pointed out that my bill wasn't all from the oil change because I got a new cabin air filter which was $50. The jiffy lube guy offered a discount for my next visit.
5	Ruddy, Charles, Richard, & everone else are AWESOME! !! I've been coming to Jiffy Lube for years & I'm convinced they are the reason my vehicle has 230+K miles on it!! I don't trust anyone else with my car. They are honest & trustworthy.  They treat me like a sister whenever I come to the shopThanks Jiffy Lube!!!
5	I normally go to another chain to get work done for my car but they were terribly rude the last time i was there so I heard about Jiffy Lube and decided I would try them out. I came in just for a simple oil change before i left for vacation ( an hour before) and surprisingly they were done within 30min. the staff was very nice and super helpful. the Gentleman checking me out Richard was the best! He didn't just tell me my battery was bad he showed me. I bought a battery as well as a new filter thing. He was very honest with me and I did not feel like i was getting scammed or ripped off. I will definitely be back for more services and would recommend this place to anyone who is getting their car worked on.
2	I have two gripes.  They don't tell you the price immediately. Sometimes I have waited 30 minutes to find out.  The worst thing is the waiting room.  NO TV.  In this day and age everyone should have a TV especially for sports and news.  I have complained numerous times since I have been a customer since it opened.
5	I went to jiffy Lube because of horrible customer service I have had at other places. when I went there it was my first time not to long ago and a man Richard was helping me. He was so friendly and actually didn't just tell but showed me how low my battery was. I believed him and I got a new battery. After his helpfulness, we went inside and he suggested a few things. (I was leaving on vacation) I bought everything he recommended. what a great knowledgeable staff. I would recommend this to anyone!
5	my service and experience with these people were one of a kind efficient. a man Richard helped me out and he was very keen to what he does for a living and really seemed to enjoy his job very much I will be back
5	Went in for my annual smog check. The service was fast, super friendly , and extremely helpful. They were even able to process my dmv registration right there. Saved me from searching for a kiosk or tackling the dmv. I'll always have my smog check here, and I'll be back for other services.
1	I won't be back. They offer the different oil change services including the 24.95 basic and the 34.95 signature service. I got into my truck after purchasing the more expensive signature service only to notice the floors weren't vacuumed and the windows weren't washed. I imagine the tire pressure wasn't really checked and all the other services that go along with the more expensive option weren't really completed. As a consumer, I feel like I did not get the value for what I paid for. This does not make me want to be a lifelong customer!
4	Great service, really nice and helpful guys.  I was in and out in 20 minutes. Thanks!
5	I always trust the guys at this location because of the customer service rendered to me. They are true professionals and honest with their work. The prices are comparable to anywhere else, but the true value is in having peace of mind!
5	I have had a pleasant experience every time at this location. I have been taken care of quickly, efficiently, and with a smile. These guys are extremely friendly, and always explain in detail, what services were provided. I would recommend them in a heartbeat! A+ service
5	Everyone is very helpful. Always come to juffy lube for my oil change! I had a bad coupon and they helped me out still. Appreciate the service!
5	Richard and Bryce were very kind, courteous, and helpful.I love Jiffy Lube!I did not feel pressured to buy anything more than my oil change but wanted to show my car some extra TLC today-they helped point me in the right direction of what was important to replace and what could be done next time. Prices are accurate and fair.I arrived here at 3:30 pm and was gone in about an hour. Oil change, tire rotation, engine flush, and antifreeze top off. Very efficient service and I appreciate hard work with a smile.
