1	I would not recommend this apartment complex to anyone. Several negatives affect this review:1. My car was broken into! This is a "gated" community where the gate doesn't work half of the time!2. The apartment staff don't seem to care about their renters. Maintenance is a second thought, with little to no urgency. When asking about a piece of mail that was delivered to the office, they seemed to have no idea where it could have gone and keep no log of incoming or outgoing mail. On top of that, they didn't care enough to find the mail!3. Grounds are kept at a minimum. Dog bags are refilled occasionally, bushes are cut haphazardly. Overall, just unkempt.I'd say stay away from this place!!
1	I originally moved into Courtney Village Apartments back in September 2010. Despite the sketchy surrounding neighborhood and higher priced rent, it was a nice centralized location that fit my lifestyle at the time. I will say that the benefit of location is a huge plus for Courtney Village. You are less than 10 minutes from ASU and oldtown Scottsdale. Less than 30 minutes from almost every part of the valley. Another benefit is their dog park. A good core group of residents frequent the dog park multiple times a week. They are very friendly and welcoming to new people and all they ask is that your dog not be a total dick. It gives the complex a greater sense of community.Unfortunately, those are the only two benefits that Courtney Village offers. The apartment office is rude and unresponsive to resident inquiries. They advertise a "gated" community, but will let the gates sit broken and open for weeks at a time, giving anyone the ability to enter the complex. They promise a 48-hour maintenance work order fix, but refuse to co-ordinate their maintenance appointments with the resident's schedule. They expect you to let their maintenance guys have carte blanche access to your home without ever meeting them. They are so committed to this 48 hour time frame that if you try to call a work order in with a desired fix date more than 48 hours out, they will tell you that you need to call back closer to the desired date. Another issue with the office is that everyone is in "cover your ass" mode. Employees are quick to throw others under the bus for misinformation and also will lie to a resident at the drop of a hat. My last rent check took over four weeks to be cashed by the office. I called after two weeks to make sure my payment was applied. The office assured me that they had cashed the check and that it must be a problem with my bank. Sure enough, once my check was cashed and I looked at the deposit date, it was deposited on the 27th of the month. Maybe instead of lying to a resident, they could just admit that they fucked up instead of leading someone on a wild goose chase with their bank over outstanding checks.The biggest problem is that Courtney Village believes they have some sort of inflated value based on their apartment's location. They will try to charge you almost $900 a month for a 2 bedroom, 1,050sq ft apartment. They do this despite having a trailer park a block to the west, being 1/4th of a mile away from a complex where two men broke into the apartment of a woman and proceeded to rape and rob her, and also 1/4th of a mile away from a National Guard base where a solider was stabbed while taking out the trash. They refuse to even hire a security guard to do nightly checks, instead relying on the two residents who are Phoenix police members to demonstrate a level of security in the complex that does not exist. Seems like the more the neighborhood goes downhill, the higher they raise their rates. They also won't give any current residents a fair shake when it comes to renewing their lease. My buddy continued to pay nearly $800 a month for the same model unit that they rented to his neighbors for $750 two weeks earlier. Seems that they would rather risk bringing in new tenants at a slightly higher price point than working with current residents. This review may seem negative, and in all honesty it is, but this complex is ran by a very negative group of people. They try to work you with their community bullshit, but at the end of the day they could care less if your car is broken into or if the grounds look nice or if your apartment is taken care of. They only care about that rent check being dropped in their mail on the 1st. Avoid the bullshit and find a nicer, safer, cleaner place closer to Scottsdale or ASU for the same price point.
1	I've lived here since '04.  It was managed by a different company, and it was a really nice place.  Quiet, working class residents, and families.  When the current mgt company took over, it started to slowly take a turn for the worse.  First thing they did was try to hassle me about my recent lease renewal before the prior company left.  Said I was paying to little.  Sorry, I signed the contract, you have to honor it......I agree with the other reviewers that stated how bad the customer relation skills of the employees in the leasing office are. (With the exception of CJ, he is very pleasant, and easy to talk to.  Unfortunately, he has no managerial power).  Less than a year ago I was on a 4month medical leave due to a kidney transplant.  My benefits were taking long to go through, so I advised the office of my situation, and wanted to work something out.  Sorry, no dice.  Since it took an extra 2 weeks to receive my funds (now I was over 10days late) they filed papers with a lawyer, and I got served.  So the money I just got, had to go to late fees, plus the lawyer fees, which were over $200 alone.  I wasn't allowed to set up a payment plan, pay half, or any other option.  Nice way to treat a long term tenant.  They used to be so strict with issues such as picking up after your dog, parking your car properly within the lines. and noise problems.  Sadly all these things have gone.  It's almost like dodging land mines everyday.  Many of us have complained, but their HONEST to GOODNESS answer was, "Well if we don't know who it is, we can't do anything about it.  Maybe if you took a picture of them, or told us the apt #".......So I should hide in the bushes with a camera, or stalk the person?  I asked if they could at least put out a letter asking residents to be more mindful and respectful.  They said no.Now I see abandoned cars with flat tires, broken headlights, and expired plates.  They used to have the vehicles towed just for having an expired plate.  The grills have been broken (handles, burners, self igniter, etc) for well over 4 years.Sadly, the complex has mirrored the surrounding neighborhood a great deal the past few years.  Even a lot of the residents are just rude and discourteous.  They'll park in your spot or take up both theirs and yours.  Other neighbors have complained of their cars and apartments being broken into. And yet we still have no type of security presence. If you're a new tenant, they are all smiles and welcome you in.  But as a current resident, their expression conveys more of a "What do you want?" attitude.  You try to ask a question, or ask for help with maybe dealing with problems in the common areas (like broken bbq grills), and you get a 'Yeah we know', or a 'We'll look into it'.  Nothing ever happens.  They DON'T take care about the current and long term residents.  And because of all these issues, many of the good people have left.  This for sure is my last lease.  It can't come fast enough.  If I'm able to save up enough money, I just may break it, so I can get out.
3	I was smart enough to know that the rent here should never be more than 800 for a two bedroom. Rent accordingly to the market! My two bedroom two bath 1200 square feet apartment, i got for only 695$ a month. But I can understand why some people would be angry with the rent they paid and what they are getting. This review will be based on my experiences of living here since January of 2011. The Good1. Our neighbors are all very decent and not once have I ever had problems with noise complaints, sketchy neighbors etc. We all look out for each other and even get to know each other's dogs!  (although there are some assholes living here, it's not bad, people are really friendly. 2. the maintenance guys will definitely come fix your stuff asap. Assuming they get the work order...sometimes my work orders would only say one thing when there would be multiple things needed to be fixed... this would be the front office's fault. They are all very helpful, nice, and gentlemen. They live in the neighboorhood, have families and pets there too so they understand what you're going through.3. Rent can now be paid online, so there is no hassle to having to deposit a check or coming into the office, etc. The rent billed each month will now include water and sewage based on the usage and number of units total. You can pick which electricity you have. If you choose aps you're on one side, if you choose srp, you're on the other. The electricity for my apartment was about 65 a month regularly and up to 160 for summer. I'm on a peak hour plan with aps and USE A LOT OF ELECTRICITY! 4. Grounds keeping and dog poop is not a problem and they don't mow the grass early either! 5. Close and convenient to shopping places such as Costco, target, fry's, safeway, walmart. Close to freeway access. You are near the 202 and 143. 6. The apartment itself is quite spacious, open, and fairly new. Don't expect modern appliances that are stainless steel, but you can expect VERY high ceilings, nice finishes, and new carpet. I loved the layout and the space. I also loved the masterbath. That tub was amazing for bubble baths!!7. Each unit has it's own laundry! YES YES YES!!!!!The Bad...mostly annoying1. One covered parking spot for a two bedroom with multiple residents sucks. uncovered isn't bad, it's just far from where you need to be. Be careful though, if you park illegally or stupidly i.e. in two lanes, you will be towed. they have their own towing companies to come in. I even got a citation warning for having a out of state license plate when I am an out of state student! 2.There is only ONE dumpster for each complex. This means if you have trash and you live on the opposite side of the complex, you drive your trash. I mean it, many of us have to drive multiple trash to the dumpster. 3. The previous reviews are right about the gate. The gate was left open a lot at night and  sometimes it would go for two three days without being fixed. What's the point of a gate code when all you have to do is wait for someone to go in. 4. I lived on the first floor so the air quality was kinda terrible. It was stuffy and no matter how hard I tried, I just couldn't get it to be cool and airy. 5. I hated the sink. It's a double sink, but it's not deep. So dishes pile up fast. The Ugly1. DON'T LET THE COP CAR PARKED OUT FRONT FOOL YOU! It's a terrible bad bad bad neighborhood; multiple people have had break ins. HIDE YO KIDS, HIDE YO WIFE.  LOCK YOUR DOORS AND BAR YOUR WINDOWS! DO NOT LIVE ON THE FIRST FLOOR! I even got a friggin rearview mirror stolen from my car parked in broad daylight in a covered parking spot! Learned my lesson, now I have a knife, bat, and pepper spray at hand to protect me! Overall ImpressionThis place wasn't a bad apartment. For the square footage and the price I paid, I loved it. If this apartment was located elsewhere it would have been a dream! There are things you have to weigh, if you think you can overlook them then this place will be perfect! I unfortunately can't.
1	These have to be one of prettiest but worse managed apartment complexes in the valley. On the surface you would automatically want to live in these apartments just off their appearance but don't be fooled because the management staff at this location is HORRIBLE and don't care whatsoever. I had an issue where maintenance was entering my  apartment because they "thought" I had moved out. My lease wasn't up for another month and though I had already moved most of my belongings out I still had a few items in the apartment. Well maintenance decided they would take it upon themselves and "clean" the apartment so it could be ready for someone else to move in, while I'm still paying rent for this apartment. In doing so they threw away the belongings I had in the apartment including clothes & towels. Not only had they entered to "clean" the apartment once but TWICE! After the first incident I went up to the office and they said "oh we're not sure if someone has been in your apartment". Huh?? So silly me I thought that there was NO WAY they would make the mistake of coming back prematurely again after I just went to complain...WRONG! They entered the apartment again without my permission the following week and again threw away my belongings. This time I went to the management office and one girl was trying to contact maintenance to get to the bottom of this. Then out of nowhere here comes the head manager not saying hi & even asking me what happened; she immediately goes on the defensive and says her guys weren't in my apartment and that I need to file a police report because apparently someone must've broken into my apartment. I proceeded to ask her who would break into an apartment lock the door afterwards and CLEAN IT UP??? After she realized she was making no sense she refused talk or help me anymore and said there was nothing they could do. The funny part is I could hear the head maintenance guy in the other lady's office saying "yeah I went in there the other day because I thought it was vacant...but once I saw some clothes I just moved the blinds over and walked out." So they were clearly lying to me at the leasing office to cover their own butts. I was highly disappointed in this complex because it is such a beautiful complex but don't be fooled like I was...don't move here! Not to mention they're overpriced.
1	My current roommate and I recently moved into these apartments after being recommended from one of our close friends who had also recently moved in. Since none of us have ever lived here before, we did not know that the website was filled with lies and illusions. Though on the outside the complex appears cheery, the people in the office are less then subpar. hey have the customer service skills of a rock. Upon moving in, my roommate and I began to experience loud noises and fighting coming from our neighbors on the 3rd floor. The fight literally lasted from 1:00AM -5:00AM. I woke up for work (tired from the lack of sleep) and they were STILL fighting. It sounded like a girl and a guy were really having some relationship issues. I let it go and continued on to work. The next night  the fighting continued. Now it sounded like it was getting violent with shouts like "YOU HIT ME FIRST," and "I WILL PUNCH YOU IN THE FACE." I could not take it anymore and decided to call the police. At 2:45AM on a Wednesday I called the police to file a noise complaint. The operator was extremely nice for the early hour and sent 2 officers out. After about 20-30 minutes I hear loud knocking on the door above me. Finally the yelling stopped and I was able to get some sleep (Thanks to Phoenix's Finest). The next night the fighting continued and so did the loud bangs and booms. When I say loud noises, I am talking about "booms" so loud that our windows shook in the bedrooms. It sounded like bowling balls were being thrown around...or bodies. My roommate came into my room to see if I was awake and to no surprise I was already staring at the ceiling seeing red. We decided to call the police again at around the usual 2:45AM time. This time we requested for the cop to come down to our place and report what they discussed with the inconsiderate neighbors. After dozing in and out trying to stay awake about an hour and a half later we decided that we couldnt wait for the police any longer and fell asleep. I was jolted awake when i heard a loud knock on our front door. I hopped out of bed and walked towards the front, my roommate quickly stopped me and said that was not the cop. She said that the knock did not sound like a cop's knock. Before I could look through the peep hole we then heard through the door "OPEN UP, WE KNOW YOU CALLED THE COPS." it was our lovely neighbors paying us a visit. Again they continued on saying "IF YOU HAVE THE BALLS TO CALL THE COPS YOU SHOULD HAVE THE BALLS TO OPEN THE DOOR." The knocking continued for another 7-10 minutes and progressively became louder and louder. We then heard one of the guys run  up and down the stairs screaming and banging on other tenants doors in a fit of rage that the police were called on them. My roommate and I never went back to sleep and drove around from 6:00AM-9:00AM to wait for the office to open. When the office opened we went in to let them know about the insane madness that went on during the night. Let's not forget I had to call out of work and miss out on an opportunity to make money. The office could care less and did absolutely nothing. With the exception of one employee, CJ, the office employees have no sense of how to treat a person. The manager, Lisa,  was the worst of all. She spoke over me, made me seem like i was blowing things out of proportion and when I stated how upset it made me feel she followed by stating "we have all gone through difficult things in our life." Currently as it stands my roommate and I have been here for about 4 months and are still dealing with the horrible neighbors. I have been called a "bitch" by one of them while walking to my car, the noise will not stop and is still causing us sleepless nights, our complaints are left unheard and unnoticed, it is flat out miserable. The 2 of the neighbors have moved out but now the one left has his friends staying with him and they make more noise then ever. Our place is absolutely miserable. Our door is constantly being knocked on and just tonight the neighbors jiggled the handle while we were sitting in the living room watching TV. We have become a joke to them because they know the office will not do anything. they could care less about the people who live here and I have never lived in a place that was so disrespectful to their tenants. We have gone to everyone working in there and they all act like their hands are tied. It's pathetic. The last person I spoke with today stated that if we wait a week "things should work out themselves." when i asked for the number to the customer relations to file a complaint, she basically told me that it would not do any good and refused to give it to me. Whatever you do DO NOT LIVE HERE!!! It is not worth it. They make you sign a 15 month lease and trap you in with unpleasant people both in the office and living around you. This is also in a crap neighborhood. You dont feel safe, regardless of the "dummy" cop car parked in front, it's not fooling anyone.
1	I have been living here since July 2013 and I can not wait until my lease is over! The staff appeared to be friendly and helpful until I actually moved in! Shortly after I moved in we had an ant problem in the first week. I went to the office so I could be put on the pest control list and the ants never went away so I had to buy my own bug spray and fix the problem.Then about a month into being moved in the lock on my front door came completely out. When my bf told the office that our lock was broken and we both had work that day the lady told him someone should be there to fix it within the next hour. When I went on my break 4 hours later I called the office to make sure my house was locked and they told me no one had been there yet. Finally someone got there but they installed the new lock wrong and it's always a hassle to lock or unlock my door now.   A few months after this I went to get a direct tv installment paper signed by the office and the First Lady I spoke with I could barely understand and she seemed to not know what she was doing. Then the property manager came out after I asked the First Lady if I could speak with her and she wouldn't go get her for me, and the manager was extremely rude about the situation with me. Also my laundry room closet door fell off the tracks completely one day and almost fell on my head. There are also a lot minor reports that weren't made before I moved in.  Lastly this week my boyfriend got his car out of the shop after 5 months and the tags he had were expired the day after we brought the car home the management put a tow away sticker on his car even though it was parked in an uncovered parking space and was doing nothing to anyone. Anyone who is looking for a place that has a good management run complex DO NOT GO HERE! The staff is very rude.
4	Well my roommate and I have been living at Courtney Village since October 2013, and honestly don't have many complaints about the place! my neighbors upstairs are very sweet, the staff here has always acknowledged me when I walk through the door (unless they are speaking with someone which I understand its rude to break a conversation) only negatives is the parking....if you have more then one car you are going to have a bad time.. another pro is that they are open on Sundays which is a great positive to a girl who works Monday thru Friday  and cant make it to pick up her package, all in all the negative reviews shock me because I love the layout of my 2 bed 2 bath apartment, very quiet neighborhood and I haven't had anyone "messing with my car ( although I have a car alarm so that may be why, so honestly you cant believe all the negative reviews because each apartment complex and personality is different! I was just fortunate enough to actually have great neighbors :) I feel Courtney must have changed in 2013 because it deserves 4 stars 5 if they can ether lower the garage payment to rent it or to create closer parking spaces near us haha
3	After living here for a month, I am enjoying it but there are a few issues. -Parking is a nightmare. Very limited open spaces.-Vehicle break-ins have occurred. -My apartment has a bit of a cigarette smell to it as all of my surrounding neighbors smoke.-Only one dumpster per complex. Update:They fixed the light on the side of the building where the vehicles were broken into. Parking garages are not available on the north side of the complex, so make sure you park in a well lit area.
1	Unfortunately ZERO stars isn't an option. If you are considering living at Courtney Village, please do yourself an enormous favor and RUN immediately! This is by far the worst place I have ever lived. First and foremost, get ready to be constantly hit with random fees. Your monthly rent will NEVER be the same. You have a base rent, but they pile on the fees constantly every month. Secondly, majority of the maintenance staff are extremely rude. I got yelled at because my dog pooped in the dog park and I didn't immediately run over and pick it up. I had every intention of picking it up, I just wasn't aware I would be scolded for not catching it as it fell out of his ass. Also, one time my roommate was on vacation for the weekend and had locked her bedroom door (which was the master bedroom with the other restroom inside) my toilet handle broke, so I called maintenance. They told me that because I had another restroom in my apartment, even though I had mentioned I didn't have access to it, that it wasn't classified as an "emergency" and they wouldn't send anyone until Monday. This happened first thing when I woke up on Saturday. So I had to walk to the public bathroom by the pool all weekend just to use the restroom. Speaking of the pool, if you live on the south side apartments, the pool isn't heated and there is no hot tub, so get ready to rarely or never use the pool. Also, the waterfall feature hasn't worked for about 6 months. At one point it must have been something with the pump that was going out because it was so loud constantly I was worried it was going to explode and kill us all (wishful thinking?!). Another negative, it is in the ghetto. During the 14 month lease I was there for, there was a domestic shooting, a police helicopter hovered over the complex and shined the spotlight in all of the hallways and windows for a good 15 minutes, constant parking lot arguments, as well as parking lot sexual favors, multiple shootings in the area, car break ins, and my personal favorite was when my boyfriend and I were walking in the parking lot and a cop pulled up and asked him very sternly if his name was Clinton (he's not Clinton). I have never felt more unsafe in my life. My boyfriend wouldn't let me take my dog outside alone after dark. If I could go back 14 months ago, I would run for the hills screaming. PLEASE AVOID THIS PLACE FOR YOUR OWN SANITY, SAFETY, AND FINANCIAL WELL BEING!
1	Massive sewer roach issue and I will scream it from the mountain tops until it is addressed. I fucking hate living here...They act like they're all over it but they're not. The staff fucks each other and the units are poorly maintained. They put a dog area right outside my apartment and people just bring their dogs to shit and piss...The gate is constantly broken and there is no security here. When I'm in the pool at night I hear gunshots! When I asked about the shady online reviews at EVERY reputable online renters community/open forum my rental agent told me not to worry about it lmao!!!RENTER BEWARE!!!!! Please feel free to contact me before you consider renting here. I can't WAIT until this lease is up.
5	I was pretty shocked at the low score people gave to Courtney Village. I guess it's a place for them to vent or maybe I'm just really lucky? I've been here about six months and it couldn't be better! The staff is very friendly and I enjoy the office being open 7 days a week to pick up packages or work service requests. The landscaping is done at least once every two weeks and the pool area is cleaned daily with trash cans emptied and chairs reorganized. I really like the dog park and bags you can find at nearly every corner and I've only run into one empty once- that's impressive! I had an issue with my disposal, submitted a ticket online and they called me the next day to schedule. Maintenance is always walking the premises which makes you feel safe and they even take the time to say hi and get to know you. The staff throws monthly events to get the complex involved and it makes for a good afternoon. I feel like it's a great community and id recommend it to anyone!
1	One star. Yes, one.Courtney Village fails. Especially for the price. The pool is broken into often and one gate is tackly paddle locked shut.The grills don't work, and Courtney village has made no move to clean or replace them in over a year now. They are so full of soot and ash that they cannot maintain a flame nor get above 150 degrees. Plus one was destroyed over a year ago and yet to be replaced.Parking is an absolute nightmare and the management will do nothing about it. Certain entitled residents double park and seemingly get away with it, leaving no spots for the rest of us. And some residents seem to store vehicles here - there are two that have never moved! Rent a garage.More than half of the time the gate is wide open. So what's the point of a gate?Issuing noise complaints gets you no where. There are elephants upstairs! I know we are close to the zoo, so some had to have escaped and moved to the apartment above me.
4	I have lived here for over a year. I actually lived here back in 2008 also and decided to move back due of the good experience. I have. It had a problem. The staff is very nice and made sure all my maintenance requests were taken care of. Overall good experience. I gave them a 4 just because parking can be horrible, but nothing that can't be resolved. Other than that, I would recommend this place for single people.
