5	My stylist is Danyl and she is the best hair stylist, colorist I have ever met. Her talent, nohow and current knowledge with the latest movement in hair is refreshing and worth every bit she charges and more. She doesn't over price, she gives her all to you during your appointment and her personality is an A+. She is innovative and fresh. Soon the salon will be moving to a new building right up the street and I believe that this will only amplify her cliential, so if you want a great stylist...BOOK NOW.
5	I am a bit psycho when it comes to my locks. I have never gone to the same stylist more than 2 or 3 times because they could never get it right. I bet I have tried 100 salons in Vegas over the years and was never satisfied. They could either color well, but cut disastrously, or cut great but couldn't style right, etc.  Your stylist has a huge impact on your appearance, ya know?After extensive research on finding an awesome colorist, Kim at Montage was recommended. After my first visit, I was completely transformed. I swear I looked like a different person! The attention, care and great price cannot be matched anywhere in this town.  I believe a cut/color from Kim is reasonably priced given the competition (she smokes them!) and the quality of service she provides. Kim has been my stylist for eight years now and I can't even imagine going to anyone else - it would totally feel like cheating. I have never had a bad haircut or color. So many people have asked me about my hair and several friends and coworkers are now loyal to her as well.Oh and the new Montage is just beautiful, very impressive, with a Merle Norman studio attached to it!  And they sell all the products from Moroccanoil....yummmmmm!
5	Beautiful shop.  My husband & I have gone to Felice, the owner, for over 20 years.  This is a new location for her shop.   Good service, you won't be disappointed.
5	This is a review I wrote for Tammy back in December 2011 (nothing has changed, my hair still looks and feels amazing):Tammy Lord is maybe the #1 most amazing hairdresser ever and I am hating myself as I write this review since everyone is going to want to go to her after (and I will never get in to see her) but still, she needs to props she deserves!!! I don't really know how she hasn't been reviewed yet by anyone else but I guess I will be the first. Tammy has taken my hair from major BLEH to people think my hair looks amazing 6 months+ after its been done by Tammy. Perfect color, perfect cuts EVERY TIME. I guess what spurned this review after so long(I've been her client for a few years) is that I just had my hair done here in San Diego by someone else and I almost cried when he took the towel off my head. The color was NOT right. He used the bleach for the highlights but totally effed up my low-lights (Tammy, if you are reading this, I'm coming in in January...I need you). They do not match my hair AT ALL. My sister and mom go to Tammy as well. They came down to see me for Thanksgiving last week, took one look at my hair and said...why is it orange? You need to go see Tammy ASAP. To top it off, he cut these randoms bits of my hair different odd lengths "to make it healthy" so my hair looks all choppy and short in some places and long in others. It's just awful. And if you've seen my profile pic, you'll see my hair and see how beautiful it is thanks only to Tammy (pic was taken in February, 2 months after she did it). So it's true folks. Tammy is a miracle worker. She's fixed my hair before when its been botched by these people here in SD and I'm sure this won't be the last time she'll have to do it. She's also incredibly smart, interesting, funny and will always make you feel better about yourself after sitting in her chair for a few hours. It's like a therapy session + hair therapy session...what could be better? And don't even let me forget her head massages...OMG. I gotta stop here because now, Tammy is going to be busier than ever. Love love love you Tammy!UPDATE (11/1/2012): I still go to Tammy even though I don't live in Las Vegas anymore. I have 100% complete faith in her and will never go see anyone else.
5	GREAT SHOP!! WHEN YOU'RE IN VEGAS YOU MUST SEE ALICE!  we were visiting and read the great reviews on yelp so decided to give this shop a shot.  The heat, sun and pool had killed my girls hair and since it's vegas she wanted to look hot for a night out .... so we went with a new cut and put some life/color back in her hair. This salon is really nice and spacious - they invested some money in the decor. Alice knew exactly what to do with her hair.   Always nice to have your girl turning heads as you walk around town.
5	Received the best haircut I had in many years from Suzanne. The overall experience was wonderful. The entire staff was friendly and professional.
5	Can't believe how awesome my hair turned out! I keep checking it out in the mirror and running my hands through it! And to top it off Alice not only rocked my hair she is a very funny down to earth lady! Totally kept me entertained!
5	Tracy Alberro is the bomb.com!!! I love my hair!!! Thanks Tracy...you are the best!!!
5	I had my haircut with John. He is  an amazing hair stylist.  I just moved back to Vegas and found this salon through a friend. The salon is very nice as well.  I didnt want to spend $45 for hair cut as first but it worth it.  It is an experience. :)
5	I searched on yelp and made a few calls for permanent makeup (eyebrows) based on reviews. When I called the Montage, they said Cindie did brows but she wasn't in, they gave me her cell number and said I could call her directly. I called, left her a message and she returned my call and would be happy to see me 2 hours later. The salon is higher end and quite nice, the staff were friendly and nice, Cindie was there ready for me. The room was very clean and comfortable. Cindie is very experienced, doing permanent makeup since 1991! She drew the perfect brows on me and we got to work immediately! Quick, easy, minimal pain and Cindie was an absolute pleasure! I am so happy with my new brows!!! A+++++
5	Cindie Schum does permanent (tattoo) make-up she is AMAZING!!!!  I work for a female Asian dr. Who got her eyebrows done by her and look amazing!! She was recommended to Cindie through 3 other physicians that have been to her and well let's just say with those types of referrals I was not worried. My brows are GREAT!! I have plenty of hair but just needed some background color to pop them out a little and she did just that. Healing was great no scabbing she gives you all the home instructions. She has an insane eye for color matching. I have seen eye liner, lip liner and brows done by her they are all amazing! Not painful (I'm a chicken) she is very gentle. Prices are very good she works out scheduling with you when you are available. She is just amazing I would recommend her any day! Just contact montage and they will connect you to her or give you her contact number. I haven't figured out how to put a picture on my post but I totally would!
5	I've heard good things and thought I'd would try Tammy to cut my hair. we had a consultation at least half an hour before cutting my hair. she detailed my hair as well. just like detailing a Harley-Davidson.Tammy very experienced and highly recommended from me!
5	I see John at Montage and he does a nice haircut. When he shampoos and conditions there is a relaxing head massage thrown in which I like very much! One of the things I really appreciate about him is he seems quite receptive as to whether or not I want to talk - I'm a quiet mouse kind of person so salon talk is hard for me. I like that I get the time to myself to think in a comfortable environment. And I also really appreciate that he'll answer my questions about product but not do the hard sell. I appreciate that quite a lot! That alone will keep me coming back, having amazing looking hair when I leave is a bonus! ;) I also find his price for a haircut quite reasonable considering how nice the salon is and he'll do a shampoo and blowout at what I consider to be a very competitive price, as well.
5	I have A LOT of hair. Most people I've gone to are shocked and/or overwhelmed with the amount of hair I have. It takes someone with talent and patience to handle my hair and Lyndsay was all that and more! She knew what she was doing and I was amazed with how my hair ended up. I will never go anywhere else. Lyndsay for life.
5	I had been thinking about getting about getting my eyebrows tattooed again.  I had them done a few years ago at another place.  I researched places and came across montage.  So glad I found this salon.  Cindie did an excellent job on my eyebrows!  She did the hair stroke technique so it looks more natural.  She was also very helpful and accommodating to my schedule change I needed.  She came in on a Sunday to do my eyebrows!  Very personable and friendly too :).  I am very happy with the results!
1	I was so excited to get my hair cut & colored because of the great reviews on here. I wish I could be one of the very happy customers, but unfortunately, I am not. Hair cut? It was okay. She seemed like she was in a hurry & for the price I should have gone somewhere else. Color? The dye that is actually on my hair looks nice, but the dye is also ALL OVER my face, my forehead, my neck... I can understand a bit on my forehead but why are there streaks of dye on my cheek? On my EYELID? When Felice (the owner) was dying my hair, the dye was flying everywhere. I give two stars, because the place was easy to find & Felice seemed like a nice lady. Also, they offer other services there &I a lot of products. But I will not be going back.Edited to one star, because I found a ton of dye IN my ear. & now I am pissed off. I could have done a better job then she did.
