4	All you can eat sushi?  I was hesitant, but the word from the 'street' was that this place was good and don't let the cheesy name fool you.  I tried it out a couple of years ago and I've been coming back just about everytime I visit.  This is no Todai.  The sushi is made fresh to order.  You can have as much as you want...nigiri, maki, temaki...just be sure to eat it.  They only limit you one order on the amaebi or uni, which sucks, because that's my favorites.  The uni that I did get to eat was Grade A...firm and buttery.  You can also order tempura, fried oysters, chicken teriyaki, broiled collar (kama),  and other hot items as part of the all-you-can eat price.  Not 'the best' sushi in Vegas, but worth the visit.
4	The first thing that you notice when you walk in is the sushi chefs yelling out something to you, some greeting, it is a bit startling, but fun nonetheless.  Take a seat at the sushi bar, I would say about 20 seats available, and the service is immediate, fun and whimsical.  Joe, the head chef, has a great sense of humor and will start you off with whatever you like.We ordered Salmon Roe, which was amazing.  Yellowtail, which was wonderful.  Then the octopus came...one of my all time favorites at most places...and this was like RUBBER!  Horrid!  Avoid at all costs.  That being said, it was the only bad piece of fish we got the whole time.We started with the rolls.  Great stuff.  They have a "Tiger Roll" which is a tempura battered roll and it is the best I have ever had."Joe's Roll" is tremendous.  The "Japanese Burrito" had too much sour cream on it.At one point they actually forgot about us and we sat for a half and hour waiting for a dish that never came. That was very uncool.All in all it was excellent.  The fish was great, all but the octopus, and the rolls were great.  If they had not for got about us and the one rubber piece of fish we got, it would have been perfect.I would give this place a second chance again!
3	Sushi on Trop is the kind of sushi place you hit up because it's convenient.  It's not that it's bad, per se, it's just not anywhere you would make a trek to get to if you didn't have to.Located in the corner of a strip mall on Tropicana and Topaz, the ambiance isn't the greatest in the world.  It's just a little neighborhood restaurant.  The service isn't always the best; sometimes people just disappear and you're left sitting waiting for the check.  But their sushi is always at least passable. You know what it's perfect for?  You know when you're sitting in a bar or at home with a friend having a few cocktails and all you want right then is a spicy tuna roll?  Well, if Sushi on Trop is a short walk or cab ride away, that's where you'll end up.  That's why this place exists.
4	This place ws suggested to us by good ol' Jeff T for Elin's birthday. Although a good two miles off the strip, this restaurant was worth the cab ride.Not to be out done in selection, there were more than thirty different styles of rolls to choose from (the hawaiin and candy cane roll I was rather fond of) and the experimental, or unusual named items such as the Who's Your Daddy turned out to be a tasty delight. Bella even got some head and had a Screaming Orgasm.Beyond the extensive and massive amount of food to be had, the ambience of this sushi bar was perfect for our small group of friends to chat and dine casually, happily enjoying each other's company. The cheery, personable and friendly demeanor of our server Kevin made the night even more enjoyable, as he acccomodated our questions and stopped our incomnig rolls when we had over ordered (every roll with left overs counts as a la carte.) Even amongst the bright lights and showiness of Vegas one can find the nice and honest personal touches.At $25 a person (not including the hot sake we ordered) and having eaten what would have been $38 worth of sushi a la carte, this is a good bargain if you bring your appetite.Just be warned it may take up to an hour to get a taxi to come and pick you up from there as it's so far from the strip.Unless you're able to nab one from the Taco Bell drive-thru across the street.
4	Just got back from another good Vegas weekend.  Tired of the pretentious atmosphere and outrageously overpriced sushi on the strip (Tao, Koi, etc.) we decided to head off strip a bit and try Sushi on Tropicana after seeing a few good reviews on Trip Advisor.Went in with tempered expectations, and came away pleasantly surprised.  First, the fish seemed fairly fresh and the salmon, super white tuna, and unagi were all solid, but not spectacular.  We tried a number of specialty rolls and were less impressed, in fact I feel like some of these rolls are just overwhelming with ingredients/sauces to where you can't taste the fish.  Hence, my advice is to avoid the rolls with the screaming orgasm sauce or any of the other sauces.  Regarding the service...we sat at the sushi bar and the service on a Friday night was spectacular.  The sushi chefs are very friendly and after we bought our chef a drink he returned the favor and we all drank a bunch of good sake and had a great time.  They have a couple of interesting sparkling sakes for $15 or less a bottle, which were unique and delicious.    Plus the chefs and servers kept asking us if we wanted to order anything else (food wise) and promptly served our drinks - you can't ask for better service!Overall, the food was 3 stars, but the service was 5 stars...definitely a great value at $25 all you can eat and an awesome place to go with a large group of friends.
4	I can definitely eat my fair share of sushi so this place is an absolute bargain. Besides the fact that I can eat as many hamachi, unagi, ebi, maguro nigiri till my tummy desires, I can also order fresh oysters, shrimp tempura, beef teriyaki. Sushi rolls up the ying yang. This is not only all you can eat sushi, this is all you can eat anything. That is japanese of course.  If you're thinking about going to a place like Todai, don't do it. Unless you like your food sitting on a buffet for hours, where it's overcooked and the rice is rock hard. Go to Sushi on Tropicana instead. Everything is made fresh to order. Sit at the sushi bar, strike up a conversation with the sushi chef. He'll make you something incredible. Don't be greedy don't waste, sushi man get very angry when you waste. I always get overly excited and have the eye's are bigger than my stomach syndrome and order waaaay too much. But I force myself to finish it, so me and sushi man can still be friends.
5	Best all you can eat sushi i had.  When i come back to vegas i have to go here at least once with friends.Service is quick for all you can eat, but then again, i sat at the bar.  Sake was good, it helped me eat more.  Menus are good and easy to read for ordering.  People were very friendly.  it didn't matter that with $25 per person, drinks and desert, my bill was $200.  It was worth it for a place way off the strip.  Its a local secret spot, go here and see for yourself if you love sushi.
4	This place is great! Everyone is friendly, foods great,price is awesome!It's about 20 for lunch per person all you can eat and 25 per person for dinner.It includes a appitizer. The thing I love about this place is that they don't over rice their sushi. The places in Chicago do as well as have long lines. This place is never crowded since it's off the beaten path. Be carefull when ordering rolls though. They're full 8piece rolls. And if you order spicey they give them last and super spicey! It's sort of a last chance to get you to not finish and have to pay for the pieces you don't finish like any other all you can eat sushi place.
1	All-You-Can-Eat Sushi?  More like All-you-can-bare-to-wait-for-because-the-service-was-so-damn-slow sushi!I swear we only got like $10 worth of sushi in the hour and a half we were there!We were able to watch Dances With Wolves and listen to November Rain in between each order we got!Boo on them!p.s. - Was this really my 200th review?  Damn.  What a waste of a milestone.
3	This place has a great lunch menu. As for the all you can eat sushi. It is average. Try to come her with a lot of people and order different rolls. If not ,you have to stick to small sushi orders so that you will not get full right away. The rolls are huge and full of rice. I recommend the salmon skin hand roll. Everything else is elementary.
1	I came back to this place for all you can eat sushi. What a mistake that was. It was about 30 minutes until a sushi chef took my order. The excuse that they gave me was that they were busy. "I do not give a SH*T !!!!!" Hire more people, work faster give me a free coupon for next time whatever...unacceptable. Besides the couple who sat 20 minutes after me, started to get food before someone took my order. So...you can use that lame ass excuse some other time. F*CK this place!! I would not reccomend it to my worst enemy. Oh yeah ...they were out of a bunch of stuff. --- LAME !!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Tonight was the 4th I've been there in the last three months. It seems to be family owned and operated. The quality of the sushi is quite good. They have a all you can eat special for $24.99. My wife and I took some friends with us. They loved it too. The specialty rolls are creative and tasty. The service is attentive. It's one of the best finds off the strip for sushi. It beats the crap out of paying top dollar for sushi on the strip!
5	Sushi on Tropicana is awesome! We came here with a friend. We found awesome sushi in a great setting with wonderful service.We had the all-you-can-eat ($24.99). I had various fresh fish and one fried roll. They have a lot to pick from, but what really impressed me was their creativity. They had much more to offer, than just the usual assortment of rolls. My hubby had ngiri. They were actually fileting a fresh salmon - head and all - on the other side of the counter. When the chef saw us eyeballing that fish, he picked it up and made it talk. Everything was top quality. As for the decor, even the bathrooms were beautiful. I think this will be our new regular sushi place.
2	My boyfriend and I started going here after a friend of our's enthusiastically recommended it to us. We were impressed the first time and started going several times a month since it was cheap and close to home. I was particularly excited about the uni (sea urchin), ameabi (sweet shrimp) and raw oysters that were part of the AYCE dinner. Over the subsequent trips, however, we noticed that the quality fluctuated pretty wildly, as did the overall service. The last time we went, the chef that was serving us started making lewd jokes, and kept going on for awhile. It was funny at first, but 15 minutes straight of inappropriate "special sauce" jokes does get old. It's been hit or miss- when it's good it can be really good and other times it's pretty lame. Our friend got food poisoning from their oysters & refused to touch them now, por exemplo. It's been at least a month or two since we last went- we've switched to Yama as our primary AYCE location. It's a bit farther from our house but it's been worth it. I liked the tempura ice cream at Sushi on Trop & the Screaming Orgasm, but there's better places to eat at.
3	The first place I ever had sushi...11 years ago on a first date with what turned out to be a total crazy person. well fast forward 11 years, I dont have anyone lurking outside my windowsin the bushes anymore, but I do still go this place upon occasion. I was sad when they closed down for a few months to revonate, mainly because the sushi chefs I had loved had moved on never to return. That was a deal breaker for me and even with the cheap prices I rarely go anymore. All you can eat is a great draw and i miss this place alot "the way it used to be" but the look is much more modern now.
2	I have been to Sushi on Tropicana many times over the years. I live nearby, and it is convenient.The sushi is good, and the price is right.However, the last few times that I've been there, the service has been so excruciatingly slow, that I am going to start looking for a new favorite sushi place.  The other night, it was over an hour between the time we sat down, and the time the first round of sushi arrived.After we finished that, I actually got up and walked over to the waitress station to grab our server to take our second order.That took about 45 minutes to arrive.Meanwhile, the table next to us had taken out a portable DVD player to entertain their children, and was blasting some action flick through tinny speakers. I mentioned it to the wait-staff, who did nothing.The food is good, but it is not worth the wait or the aggravation.
5	Wow, what an unassuming joint from the outside. It just goes to show you that in Las Vegas it pays to investigate things which look like they might be dives.I actually thought this place was way better than Yama Sushi, and told the chef. That is because this sushi chef, and I am sad to say I didn't get his name, had a constant habit of saying 'And then?' after every order. At first I found this a tad off putting because I'm totally used to forcing every AYCE sushi chef to give me more sushi... because AYCE sushi is not for pansies. Then I realized what a fucking genius service mode that was, and we got into a good rhythm.The waitresses were okay. I developed a plate pile at one point, and we had two different waitresses for the appetizer because the sushi chef called one over to help us, but she kept me in water.At 24 bucks, they were comparatively priced and this one came with appetizer. I got tempura squid, which was very hot and pretty good. I had wanted an octopus salad, but it was not available (?) Though I ended up really enjoying the tempura squid. Sush/Nigirii pieces: came with a lot of rice and thick seaweed. Tako was pretty good - still a titch chewy but again, octopus is pretty chewy. You have to want it. The mackerel and yellowtail tasted very fresh and distinct to each fish. I didn't care for the urchin, which was um, very very sea urchin. The salmon roe were massive eggs. Inari was tasty, didn't care for the crab meat at all - but those two were the choices of the friend I was dining with, who is far less adventurous about her raw fish.Rolls: Large selection to choose from here. I went with "Final Destination 2" as first selection - spicy softshell crab inside, four fish outside. Well, actually I recall it ending with sweet shrimp, but yeah. This was really good. "Love Me Tender" was my second call on rolls, which is crab and eel inside, eel outside. Delicious. There are far more adventurous ports of call on this roll list, and I'd like to go back and try them. My friend's Philadelphia rolls were okay, if you're into that, but I say you should just eat a bagel if you want cream cheese and fish.Dessert: We had ice cream. I went with red bean, and I will say this: I thought Yama had the better red bean ice cream? The only real disappointment of my evening... well, aside from watching our Governor Gibbons blather on the television. That was the sort of depressing hour you really need AYCE sushi to save.
5	I really do enjoy this restaurant. First of all, AYCE sushi for a great price. Secondly, it's lovely inside. Most importantly? Good sushi and great staff. My visit was mid-week for lunch. I'd been craving Sushi on Trop ever since I booked my Vegas vacation, and I wasn't going to let a little thing like 45mph wind gusts keep me away. I sat at the sushi bar and was tended to immediately. I asked the hostess if they had half-rolls since I didn't want to do AYCE and only be able to try 2 items. She pointed out a couple of items on the menu that came without rice and/or were 2 or 4 pieces. Perfect. She also said my last roll order could be a half order. (Something I totally forgot when the time came)I went with her recommendations and tried the Cherry Bomb (spicy tuna topped with avocado). This thing was giant, and oh, so delicious. Then came the Screaming Orgasm (sashimi-style tuna tataki w/ screaming orgasm sauce). I'll just say the name of this item is appropriate. Wow. Next up were the Volcano rolls (salmon, avo, cream cheese, crab inside with whitefish and special sauce outside). This item came 4 rolls to an order, and is quite possibly my new favorite. Absolutely amazing. I finished up with Japanese Lasagne (california roll topped w/cream cheese and sauce and baked), which I had been craving for days. I totally forgot to ask for a half order, and I had serious trouble finishing.As Victoria mentioned, the sushi chefs are a hoot. From the first guy asking "And then?" after each order to the second guy who asked me why I was even awake so early if I was on vacation. (It was around 1pm!) They both were good sports and I had a great deal of fun joking with them. In fact, I was told that the day before a guy came in for AYCE and polished off TWELVE orders of rolls. TWELVE! I admitted I could not accomplish such a feat, but mentioned my mother probably could. This brought a stern look from my sushi chef, and he advised me to 'never bring your mom here'. Heh.Stuffed to the gills, I could handle no more food. I turned down dessert and a very kind offer to allow me to nap so when I woke up, I could eat more. I'm still laughing.As I left, there were the usual cheers of "thank you very much" coupled with a "see you tomorrow"!! Fun times.
4	This is a great hole in the wall sushi secret! Friendly, attentive, and generous servings.
5	Excellent sushi. Fresh and very tasty. Do the all you can eat thing as you order off the menu and everything is made as you order. You will save a bundle.Staff is great and the chefs tenede to us as we sat at the bar. Visit was mid week and for lunch. Can't wait to go back. Don't forget to be the chefs a beer if you like the sushi.
5	Let me preface this review by saying that I haven't been here in a few months, but there for awhile, my boyfriend and I were going pretty regularly.  I love sushi, but I love money also.  For the price, the quality you get here is fantastic.  The only other AYCE sushi place I've tried is Yama Sushi and I think Sushi on Trop is way better!!
5	WHY DOES THIS PLACE HAVE SUCH A LOW STAR COUNT?!?If I could give this place more stars, I would. However, my review is solely based on their all you can eat sushi. Now, it's called all you can eat sushi but it's actually all you can eat sushi and APPETIZERS! Also, it's not a buffet, all their food comes out to you fresh and hot from the kitchen. Made when ordered!Appetizers (I love this place because they offer so many different appetizers and they are DELICIOUS):1. Hamachi Kama : the yellowtail collarbone, brought out on a sizzling platter which keeps it hot and makes the skin wonderfully crunchy. The meat is very buttery and moist. Squeeze a little lemon on it and go at it! At the end, I just pick the whole bone up and chew the rest of the meat/skin off of it. Caveman like, I know, but it's that good.2. Salads!: they have a variety. My favorite is the Ahi Tuna Poke salad (fresh and flavorful). My second favorite is the salmon skin salad. 4. Baked Mussels: YUM! and you can order as many little mussels baked with their creamy sauce as you want!5. FRESH oysters: downside is you only get one. BUT mine was HUGE and so very FRESH. I believe they prepare it with ponzu sauce, tobiko, and siracha. If you are a raw oyster lover like me, you will love it!Sushi (downside: you can't order sashimi but you can order nigiri and other delicious items made w sashimi)1. Stuff Tomato : ALL TIME FAVORITE. It's salmon sashimi rolled up with imitation crab stuffed inside of it. Very cute presentation and dressed with a sauce that accents the sashimi perfectly. No soy sauce needed!2. Salmon Skin HAND rolls: I love how they give you the option between cut rolls and hand rolls. The salmon skin hand rolls here are stuffed with crunchy salmon skin, not dry salmon bits. 3. Screaming Orgasm : Not sure if it lives up to its name but still yums! Tuna sashimi drenched in a special sauce. Try it and see for yourself =)4. They have Tobiko and with a quail egg on top!5. Nigiri: Tuna, white tuna, salmon, hamachi, albacore...all VERY fresh and delicious.6. They have such an abundant amount of rolls and a good variety too. You can have your fair share of cooked, fried, raw, and simple rolls. But my advice is to pick two or three of your favorite cause they can fill you up really fast.Their service is extremely accommodating and friendly. Our waiter kept up with our order (7 hungry girls) an tried his best to do it as fast as he can. Funny guy. He also offered us tempura ice cream instead of the usual scoop of ice cream but we were way too full for it! Why can't there be one in San jose!!! But definitely a good reason to hop on a plane and go to VEGAS! =)
5	Yep.  It's as good as I remember.  The BF wanted some sushi on Tuesday night, so we headed down the street to Sushi on Trop.  All of the staff looks soooo happy when you walk in.  Love it.  You really can't get better bang for your buck than this place.What we got: Heart Attack (Spicy and yummy), Something Wrong Roll (also spicy and yummy), Crazy Horse Roll (the BF loves Ponzu sauce, I'm on the fence), Candy Cane (really fresh fish) and Dynamite (Didn't try this time, but I've had before and the scallops are so good) and one other roll but can't remember what.  Plus we had two Sapporos and our bill was $60.  Wow.  It seems as if the interior has been spruced up since the last time I was here, too.   I really love this place!
5	Two of my girlfriends suggested the restaurant for our girls night out. Quite honestly the exterior of restaurant did not do the interior justice. Although it was very small on the inside it had a lot of personality. The waitresses were extremely prompt, knowledgeable, and full of suggestions. I myself am a vegetarian, but I thoroughly appreciated the chefs willingness to accommodate me and substitute vegetable items (at other sushi restaurants I've experienced a less-helpful chefs). We ordered two bottles of sake and we were comped a dessert sake. I unfortunately do not recall the name of our waitress but she was a sweet and friendly Korean gal. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for good sushi, friendly service, and a welcoming atmosphere!Side Note: This is not necessarily a five-star restaurant, but the fact that I felt as though I was invited into a family's home made my experience five-star : )
4	Good all you can eat deal.  Sushi was tasty.
5	By far the BEST sushi in town !! I have never had a bad experience here :)  Ask for Tai he is the best sushi chef and all the rolls are great you just can't go wrong!
5	This nondescript-looking sushi place is by far the best in town.  The sushi-preparers are friendly and laid back, the servers are efficient, the atmosphere inside is relatively welcoming and ambient, and the fish couldn't be fresher if you caught it and cut it up yourself.  Plus their all-you-can-eat is unlimited, and costs only 20 dollars (plus tip) if you can make it in before three oclock for lunch, or 25 if you're a nightowl like me.I am surprised by some of the less enthusiastic or disappointed reviews for this place.  I've been going to Sushi On Tropicana for about four years now.  I've tried almost every sushi place in town, and this one is still my favorite.  They put no limits on their all-you-can-eat, and I've never gotten any service that was less than ideal, regardless of how busy they were.There are three sushi places less than a quarter of a mile from my house, only one of which is worth eating at.  I live near Summerlin, on the Northwest side of town, and I'd much rather make the hour-long trek across town to go to Sushi on Trop, rather than go anywhere else in town.Sit at the bar, the sushi preparers are always super-friendly and they are hilarious.  I've had such a good time with them that I've even added a couple of them on Facebook.  They will treat you like a close friend if they remember your face from a prior visit, and hanging out with them while waiting for each of your delicious fishies is comparable to sitting in your favorite aunt's kitchen waiting for your favorite meal to come out of the oven, lovingly handcrafted with only the super freshest ingredients. The only real difference is that no oven is required.The variety of options on their all-you-can-eat menu is incredible. There's really something for everyone.  Their handrolls are the best and some of the biggest I've had in town, I swear.  Their hamachi nigiri is my favorite.You can taste how fresh the fish is they use, plus they have a few items that I haven't seen anywhere else in town.For example:Try the CHERRY BLOSSOM, under the special rolls menu.  It's my all time favorite roll ever, and it isn't even "a roll" at all.  They start off with about a snowball-sized mound of moist spicy tuna, and encircle it with fresh avocado slices.  Then they drizzle it with screaming sauce and sprinkle crunchy tempura flakes over the top of it.  It's decadent, dense, and filling.  I've eaten as many as three of these in a row on a single visit to Sushi on Tropicana, which says nothing for the size- it's pretty big.They also have STUFFED TOMATOES, which is salmon sashimi wrapped around crabmeat and drizzled with ponzu sauce, which doesn't excite me as much as some of their other menu items, but a few of my friends I've taken there have just about jumped out of their skin over these.Plus they have MACKEREL and SUPER WHITE TUNA NIGIRI, which are personally my two favorite fish.  Theirs are both buttery, moist, and have a good flavor which makes me suspect their fish has never ever at any point been frozen.If you want to have a really great time, buy the sushi preparers a beer or two.  They will, in exchange, loosen up towards you, and also ensure that your sushi is only the best of the best.The owner is also super-friendly.  At this point, as a familiar face and a returning customer, he even hugs me on my way out the door.  He knows I'll be back.Next time you want a good time and some great sushi, try Sushi on Tropicana.  You won't be disappointed.
5	Love, love, LOVE Sushi on Tropicana!!I have sushi with "my ladies" here every Thursday and the staff has become like family to us.  As soon as we come in we are warmly greeted and our favorite waitress, Tina, will immediately put in our order for the "Something Wrong"   Something Wrong is the chef special and they always remember our preferences.Everything is always fresh and presented well and the service is quick and efficient.  In addition to the Something Wrong, The Cherry Blossom, amd The Screaming O are our favorites.
2	Do you love rice and are indifferent whether or not your sushi has fish?  Well, then this the place for you!The service was pleasant and the selection for the AYCE was great - however I can't really speak on the quality of the fish because my nigiri and rolls barely contained any.  I have never seen any other restaurant try to pass off such a huge mound of rice with a small sliver of fish on top it as nigiri.  The rolls were also rice-heavy- they even skimp on the avocado, cucumber, and other non-fish ingredients in the rolls.  I have never tasted a blander shrimp tempura roll than the one they served me at Sushi on Tropicana.  I would have tried more of their menu options, but I was too disappointed by what they already served me.  I actually only ended up ordering about $5 more than the AYCE price than if I had ordered it a la carte because the sushi just wasn't that good.
5	For an all you can eat sushi place this is one of the best. Dessert included.
4	Been eating here much longer than I have lived in Vegas.  Great sushi most of the time and great service most of the time.  I've had one or two visits where I either got a rare totally mediocre roll or had to wait an inordinate amount of time for something simple.  It'll always be the first place I plan to go when we talk about sushi.
1	I have been going to this location for about six months. Not really by choice as I am outnumbered by my coworkers and have been convinced to go. Initially the food was mediocre, maybe three star, and service was okay. A lot of mayonnaise used, which I don't like, and I have never been fond of the very limited lunch menu, especially in light of the AYCE price being the same as other sushi bars. For example, they would not allow me to get ikura at lunch. I was convinced to go yet again yesterday and quite frankly, neither myself nor anyone of my colleagues intend on returning. The service was horrible. From the time we sat down it took 40 minutes to get the first piece of sushi, and we were on lunch! We then remained for the next hour and got barely anything. Additionally, the quality of the fish was not the best. In addition to this they recently raised the price for the AYCE lunch, which would be acceptable except for the other reasons mentioned. We were served by Kevin, who was the manager of the location, one would think that of all people the manager would recognize the importance of good service, especially when practically the whole place was empty. They lost four customers yesterday. I plan on going somewhere else next time for a more pleasant experience.
2	My friend wanted to eat some all-you-can-eat sushi, so we ended up here. I guess I've been spoiled in the sushi department so this place wasn't up to par. Yes, the price is good if you go for the all-you-can-eat sushi, which includes sushi, salad, appetizers, dessert, etc...but the quality isn't there. The rice is kinda blah....The servers are a bit pushy....and they didn't have most of the tofu menu items.
5	I really don't understand the low ratings..Maybe it depends who the sushi chef of the day is? From my experience, the sushi was great. HUGE pieces of fresh, tasty fish on small mounds of rice. The staff was very quick & very attentive, making sure me and a friend were okay during the entire meal and refilling water quickly even though it was pretty busy at dinner time.  One lady gave us great recommendations on what to order based on our tastes, which was pretty awesome. What I loved best about the service is that when you ask for a waitress, any one of them will come help. This is unlike most restaurants where the only person you can call is the one who initially took the order and everyone else ignores you or scrambles around looking for that initial server. Annoying! Anyway, they even made time to open the door on our way out.
4	Get the all you can eat sushi. They have a great variety of rolls and sashimi.  No waiting in line. The chefs are very friendly. They have uni, octopus, oysters, and many things that other all u can eat sushi places don't have.
4	I've dined at Sushi on Tropicana for many many years and have been going to other places for some odd reason, well today my wife and I took another trip there and liked it very much. It's 4th of July weekend and although on a friday night at peak dinner time we were seated promptly. A Michael Jackson concert was playing on the big screen TV and it was pretty cool to watch and I may even rent the DVD on netflix someday. I don't kow what the other recent reviews seem to complain about, service was top notch. We placed our order and as we were waiting for round one, I was looking over the order sheet when another waitress asked if I wanted to place an order. I said that we had alreadly placed one and were waiting, it was very nice to see that they were ready to get orders in right away. We had spicy tuna, spider roll, untimate spicy tuna roll and cherry blossom. All were really quite good. I will have to give them a minus 1 star because the tempura shrimp in one of the rolls we has was not freshly fried and on the cold, soggy side as was the soft shell crab in the spider roll, saving time I guess. I also had Uni and it was good. Wife wanted some beef so I ordered some Korean Kalbi and she like it. A order of goyza (fried eggroll) was ordered and it was gone in a flash! All the rolls were nice and tasty. Perfect size, perfect rice to fish ratio and prompt enough service all around. My thought will come to this place the next time I want All you can eat sushi. My birthday is coming up and this could be the place for that day. :-)  Good job!
5	I have been here several times with friends, the food is always great, the servers are nice and the portions are good.
5	LOVE this place!!  Good, quality food and the sushi chefs are very friendly and make coming here fun. Especially Kevin and AJ - they rock!!As for the sushi, the Cherry Blossom and "Stuffed Tomatoes" were my favorite mmmmmmmmmm!!!
2	A few weeks after my initial review, I went back for my day late birthday sushi experience. This time I guess I just ordered the wrong items or got a different sushi person. Nearly all the rolls had globs of brown sauce on it. There were some cut rolls that were 99% saturated all brown and salty. I guess everyone can have a off day, but why this one? Next time I am going to specify little to no extra sauce. I still feel salty several days later.The service was kind of hyper, none of the waitresses will be table side for more than 5 seconds. We were at a table, there was a few people at the sushi bar and there was like a group of 10 in the back area. I guess that many people was a bit too much for the crew to handle? There was one waitress that was extra hyper, dropped off a order and jumped away! It was kind of funny to watch actually.
2	Sushi is good but so expensive.  The lunch/dinner buffet is great if you can eat alot of sushi.  Buffet includes appetizer, roll and dessert (as shown on the wall) so make sure you ask for each or the servers won't mention it.  Also, sodas are an extra $2 but are unlimited.  I think if I am paying $19+ for lunch or $24+ for dinner, unlimited drinks should be included!  I don't think I will go again.
3	I'm not as familiar with sushi as I am with other Japanese dishes but I've been here twice so far. AYCE choices were pretty good, the second time around the Japanese Lasagna was a lot better than the first time - I guess the chefs really do make a difference. The service was friendly and fast even for a Saturday night. I will definitely come back and will definitely try the other dishes aside from sushi.
5	SO I went for my Birthday with 5 other people. I have to say I ate WAAAAAAY to much, well we all did, infact 1 guy ate so much he threw up when we got in the car.  It was just to delicious. I think the best ones that we had we the Volcano, Salmon ass, and Salmon skin. Not that the others weren't good, these are just the ones that I bit my fingers ans I was eating, because I could not get enough.There waitstaff was very friendly, and one of the cooks came over and was trying to talk us into eating even more then the 18 plates of Sushi that we destroyed. Very much worth the money!
4	This place is really wacky.  The chefs are all really fun (and possibly liquored up), and the wait staff is very attentive.  Their rolls are very, very delicious, and I think I ate two candy cane rolls alone.  My gluttony aside, those rolls my friends and I ordered came fast!   Even the ones that require a bit of cooking.The best part is the concerts they're always playing on their massive TVs.  Sit at the bar and watch Beyonce or Michael Jackson touring in Belarus!  It makes for some fun atmosphere.  Oh, but All You Can Eat means you get one appetizer and one little ball of mochi.  Which I suppose all a normal human can stand with endless AYCE garlic ponzu-laced rolls... but maybe I wanted to eat a bunch of mochi ice cream too!    Still, a big recommendation if you're in this part of town.  It may look a little dingy on the outside, but Vegas is all about great finds inside what appear to be sad strip malls.
2	well this was my 2nd time at Sushi on Trop and it's gonna be my last time cus for some reason my husband and I both got sick the day after and the sushi chef we got was super slow and had to read the ingredients off a paper... we were there for 2 hours and got 7 rolls and some appetizers... I don't know if we got the newbie chef but it was enough for us never to go back...=( sucks cus the oysters there were pretty darn good! all I gotta say is "bubble guts" just don't get stuck with the new guy at the sushi bar.the servers were nice and super friendly =) hopefully u have a better experience if u go... good luck!
3	I recently moved out of Vegas and during a visit I was craving sushi and thought it would be fun to go back to Sushi on Trop. I thought it would be nostalgic seeing as I was going with one of the girls that I had gone with the first time I frequented this place. I was sadlyyy mistaken. We did not have the same waitress we had the first time, and I'm not sure if she still works there. I ordered whatever options there were on the menu for vegetarian rolls and my friend chose 'all you can eat.' Neither of us were impressed and the rolls were average if that. I ate 2 rolls and wanted some tofu on the side, of their 8(or more options) for tofu items they only had two available. I was very disappointed and will not be returning. I'm giving this place 3stars simply because my first experience was one I will never forget. It's a bittersweet goodbye for me!
2	Food is Good, Service Sucks, waitresses heads are in the Clouds. Waiting for food for extended periods of time. Like I said. SERVICE SUCKS! Waitress does not know Hospitality. She drop the plate and runs away.
5	Great service and selection! All you can eat is amazing at only 25 bucks!
4	Went there with my wife the other day. The first thing you notice is the staff - they're all *very* friendly and fun, and have no qualms about engaging with the guests. (A lot of sushi places give you the feeling that you're intruding on them.) Immediately, you feel welcome. The seats are comfortable, and not at all cramped, so that's another plus. I love spicy sushi, so one of the chefs made me a custom roll, in an attempt to see what my limits of spice tolerance were. I'm pleased to say that he banged right up against the limit. That was a nice surprise!  I also had a Philly roll as a hand roll for the first time (normally I have it as a cut roll)... I may never have another ice-cream cone again; I'll just go back for more Philly hand-rolls. It was spectacular. The only downside to the place is that it seems that almost everything on the menu has mayo on it. Since mayo is disgusting, that's kind of a limiting factor.
4	Definitely a HITW joint. (Hole in the wall)I love the name of this place, sushi on Tropicana! Give a guess what street this place is on :)Nigiri: 5/5  I'm a picky nigiri girl, I like my portions to be off more fish less rice. I find a lot of sushi places packed on the rice and leave little sushi. Well this place ain't one of them. The fish is fresh too very delicious, Rolls: 5/5 WOW they had a huge variety of choices all delicious, if you look at the business photo's look for my name you'll see the photo with a whole lots of rolls. I'm not particularly a roll person but my group was & I don't mind nibbling off their orders we all had all you can eat. Baked Green Mussels: 5/5 The baked green mussels are very delicious I'd say #2 on my list of sushi joints that cook the baked mussel ever so perfect with the right amount of yum yum sauce with out burning it. Service: 5/5 The service here is amazing, once you walk in first thing the staff does is greet you. Very friendly place. Location: 0/5 If this place wasn't so far from me I'd go all the time. Its pretty close to the strip off of Maryland park way and Tropicana. It's kind of in a run down area.
5	I've been coming here for over 10 years and they have only gotten better. I can't say that I have ever been to another sushi place of any price range and had better food or service!!They have all you can eat for less than $30!! Can't beat that. I recommend you try the Seven Sensations roll. By far my favorite!!
4	This is definitely a hidden treasure!I just ate here the other day for the first time and it was absolutely delicious! The staff sometimes seems a little out of sorts because they forgot some of our orders a couple times, but the food is suuuuuper good and absolutely yummy! The sushi chefs are all super friendly and greet you when you walk in. I will definitely be returning!
2	The sushi was warm.I didn't order baked sushi or tempura sushi either. I had to ask for a dish to mix up the wasabi and soy sauce.  Oh yeah, I ended up sick over night and into the morning after the meal with a very unhappy stomach.  I wish I could say better things about this place because I've been here before (years ago from the date of this review) and they were good.But if the expectation now is to get warm sushi that is going to make me sick, no, no thank you.
2	So, I went back again, 'cause some friends wanted to go.Same problems. I ordered AYCE, and they ordered off the menu.AYCE used to include drinks and desert.Now there is an upcharge for both - even the basic mochi ice-cream is extra.All of my friends food on the table and eaten before I got my first round of sushi, even though we ordered at the same time. The rolls were fine, but nigiri was not very good - especially the yellowtail (usually my favorite).I felt bad ordering a second round, since my friends were long done; but I did. We sat for another 30 minutes before I got the food - just some basic nigiri. Out of courtesy, I didn't order anything else, which I had mixed feelings about. I see that a lot of folks have had good experiences here. I wonder if it's the difference between sitting at the tables and at the bar.Somebody let me know, 'cause I'm not going back.
4	"What can we eat so we don't look too bloated to wear slutty outfits at night?" That's right ladies, all you can eat sushi for that hangover that does a body good and makes a body look right at night. Instead of starving yourself on the usual Vegas diet (sugar free redbull and celery), treat yourself to some protein and sake to prep for the long night ahead. My girls have it down to a science. Peel ourselves off the ground and take off the frightful mask of makeup from the night before to head into Sushi on Trop for some tlc. With our greedy eyes, we automatically want to order everything twice. DON'T. You will need to pay for what you can't finish. But tell me why after we devour pounds and pounds of sashimi, we still have to ask for 5-6 orders of mochi ice cream? Don't judge.
4	After living nearby for 10 years I FINALLY made it in!  They are now offering a free beer or small saki with their $24.95 AYCE deal.  We went in for dinner and I did a poor job of planning ahead by eating too much for lunch.We started with edamame, chicken yakatori and the tiger shrimp tempura.  The edamame arrived unsalted, which I guess is nice so you can regulate your salt intake.  The yakatori looked nothing like the little skewer in the photo but instead it was really a shish-ka-bob just like something I'd make at home, it was good.  Tiger shrimp are generally larger than these specimens but it was no big deal (ha ha), they were still tasty.I'm no conesuer when it comes to sushi.  Fry it, cook it, squirt a bunch of funky sauce on it, or just nigiri I don't care.  We did our first order with 6 various rolls; The Volcano Roll, The Rock and Roll, The Screaming Orgasm, The Loco Mexican, The Seven Sensations, and something else.  Except for the Volcano Roll, which was a little too cream cheesy, they were all great.  This wound up being plenty of food for the two of us with just enough room for dessert.We finished with grean tea ice cream, hmph, and cherry tempura ice cream.  This was totally good.  Next time it will be a less sushi, more cherry tempura ice cream situation!Service was good and when they added an extra beer to the bill it was no problem taking it off.  Wish we would have sat at the bar.  Everyone seemed to be having a good time and the chefs were pounding beers!Looking forward to going back.
5	Don't let the outside fool you. Inside is an awesome decor and atmosphere. Much more elegant than other sushi restaurants. Food is great and awesome. Had the all you can eat- great value. Staff very friendly, and kind. Service was moderately quick. Go there in the early hours of meal time to get the best service times.WARNING- don't order too much of the rolls- they have huge servings.
2	Aesthetically Sushi On Trop is easy on the eyes from the inside, but it doesn't represent the food. All the rolls seemed to be a mash up of the color green, orange, and white. Seems to just be in the business of making money, no passion towards work output. The Pros:Organized with using menu sheetServer repeats ordersWasabi between the fish and rice in nigiriTons of rollsFree beer (Bud lite or miller lite) or sakeThe Cons:Missed orders several timesDefinite corner cutting (i.e. Kalbi appetizer was 3 pieces cut up from one short rib, seems like a big waste of onions)Inconsistent (i.e. some big rolls, small rolls, and different size cuts of the same fish)Small nigiri selection (I'm not sure if this is small or if I'm just spoiled from Goyemon)Fish quality was an uncertaintyOverall so-so if you like to eat rolls that involve yum yum sauce, ponzu, and garlic whatever, but if you're more of a nigiri person then pass!
3	I drive all the way out of my comfort zone to this place because of my friends reccomendation. Does it really satisfy my craving for sushi. Not realy, they make good sushi rolls. Sashimi are b grade quality. I know this because I used to work in a japanese restaurant. Server doesnt seem friendly. Just want to take your order and go. And once you hit that one hour mark, even if you want to add like one more green tea ice cream. She will straight up said sorry you already past the one hour mark. No more shit for you. She seems to have the satisfaction saying it. So there you go. So so, but a one and done for me!
5	Oh my god, do NOT get my started on how awesome this place is! I first went to this place about a year ago since I was an intern at UNLV. ...THIS IS DEFINITELY THE PLACE TO GO TO IF YOU'RE HUNGRY AND WANT GOOD FOOD. The first time I went, the lunch buffet was approximately $20 and you get an initial appetizer which, for me, was a few mussels. Then came the AYCE sushi! The sushi was sooo good! I don't even know what else to say about this place, it's just awesome! Admittingly, the outside makes this place look like a hole in the wall but PLEASE, if you love yourself, you will make yourself go here!
5	I have to say, I was a faithful customer for years while I lived in Las Vegas! I introduced all my friends and coworkers to the "little sushi shop that could."The sushi is fresh, and incredibly tasty! The sushi chefs are friendly and when you get to know them, if they like you...they will get creative. At one point, I was able to say "get creative" and they would bring me something they may not have had on the menu...I allowed them to be creative, and it was always a tasty experience!My favorites were the "Candy Cane" and "Candy Roll" from the rolls....my standard was always a "Spicy Tuna" hand roll and for Nagiri...Unagi with a quails egg on top was the perfect end to a great meal!! They do have ice cream and fried ice cream, etc. and its wonderful too!
5	Amazing service. Excellent sushi. Very reasonable prices. Kevin and Michael are the best! I have been coming here for over 10 years. I will never go anywhere else.
2	Went there last night with a party of 6 and was not pleased with my experience. the server was nice but absent minded. She didn't even give us menus and didn't come around for us to even ask for them, we had to get them our self. When she finally did come around we placed our order and it took 30-45 min for our food to start coming out. The quality of the fish wasn't very great, not the quality I'm use to from places like sushi mon or yama. Finally we where done and checks where brought out and she charged me wrong....at the end of the experience I wouldn't go back there.
2	Sushi joint on the Eastside of town. Looks small outside but very spacious inside. Ordered the following:Hamachi Kama - it was alright Nigiris - not badRock and Roll - yummyCandy Cane - yummySoft Shell Crab - yummyKalbi - goodCalamari - goodTempura - okayI can't remember the rest of the stuff that I ate since I am doing this review a week after but one thing I remember though is SLOW SERVICE. Not only slow, but they were sort of unorganized. We ordered some appetizers and it never came, they said that we didn't give them the other. It was just about 7 of us and they get all confused already with the orders. Maybe we will be back if ever we are in this area and get hungry. Not coming back here though for get togethers or a big group.
3	Eating here around the dinner time seems to be the way to go. Menu availability kinda sucks around lunch time, you only have like 45 mins, and service tends to be a bit poor from my experiences. I also  had a surprise on my bank statement which was $10 more than I paid for on my last visit (about an extra $10 on top of the 15% tip and bill, I even checked over my receipt) so just watch out for crooked servers and pay for the entire meal with cash if possible. If I wanted to shell out that much extra I would have gone with the dinner menu.
1	The worst sushi experience ever! The customer service was terrible. The waitress had no idea what was on the menu and had to ask her manager every time we had a question. The head sushi chef was rude which made sense after we caught him taking shots and drinking beer while behind the sushi bar. They messed up our order but told us they would charge us more to bring us what we really ordered! The waitress came back with the "head chef/manager" and he came to our table sweaty and yelling about us having to pay for food we never ordered or ate. The entire scene was ridiculous. If you wanna be cheated and treated rudely,  go to Sushi on Tropicana.
1	WORST AYCE EXPERIENCE EVER!!!! Food was slow (never got all of it), store owner was CRAYCRAY DRUNK OFF HIS ASS, and he told us, "Get the FUCK out of here and don't FUCKING come back."  word for word.Here's the the story: My friends and I chose to come here over another AYCE sushi place. We ordered at least 7 rolls plus small things first. After 1.5 hours, we got 4 rolls (one repeated twice) and a few of the other stuff. Throughout the 1.5 hours, my friend asked the waitresses/waiter where the rest of our food was. They apologized. In the meantime, I saw the chef, restaurant owner, and customers enjoying sake bombs and beers. My friend, who has been here several times, calmly explained to the waiter that we haven't received everything we ordered yet after 1.5 hours and that service has not been up to par. He asked to speak to the manager directly. The DRUNK OWNER comes wobbling over with BEER IN HIS HAND, and pats my friend on his back several times. He tells us, "What's going on? If you're going to complain then get the FUCK OUT OF HERE." Let me remind you, my friend was not rude at all. He said he is a frequent customer here and that today's service was not at all like the other times he's been here. The owner then YELLS at his EMPLOYEES!!! and comes back, unknowingly spills beer on my friend, and tells us "Meal is on me, now get the FUCK out of here. If you want all you can eat, don't FUCKING come back!" Another waitress had to pull him away from our table as he continued to mumble and yell toward us, while the waiter/waitress/head chef came to our table to apologize for their manager's behavior.HOW PATHETIC to have the employees apologize FOR the incoherent owner!!! FIRST AND LAST TIME HERE!!! I'm going to Yama Sushi. Please don't enable this sort of owner's behavior. WORST RESTAURANT EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE!
1	This was one of the worst restaurant experiences of my life. I was there for over 2 1/2 hours for the all you can eat lunch and you submit a paper with your first round of selections and continue to submit the form until you are full. It took over 55 mins to receive the first order and over an hour waiting for the second order. At this point my group of 8 were starving, upset, and behind schedule due to the tremendous wait. Not only was the order incorrect and the food sub-par. The waitress didn't keep us informed, nor did she apologize. She had an attitude and said "they ARE busy?!" The place looks like it could hold about 90 people... there was about 30 people in the place! I told her that one guest waited over 65 mins to receive 2 tempura shrimps and that was the first thing he ordered. When I had enough of her "customer service" I requested the manager. I informed him how hungry and dissatisfied we were and he argued that he was busy and that i must have eaten my 2nd round! IT NEVER CAME! He argued with me and made me prove that it was given to the waitress long before. I told him I want a discount because we were all still hungry and said "NO, DO WHAT YOU WANT!" So I left and my partner paid. I have never had an owner yell at me because he didn't o HIS job! I am reporting this establishment to the Better Business Bureau as well as all the people who were with me that day. We never received an apology, just a box of take away food, which I wouldn't trust either way. Which ironically, they were asked to WAIT FOR IT!!!! hahaha I would recommend to steer clear away from these horrible people, horrible owner and horrible waitress. This is my first review, and I am submitting this because of how horrible the experience was. I hope this helps someone!!!!
4	I would actually give this place 3.5 stars for the tremendously slow service, but because of the quality of food, I am giving Sushi on Tropicana a 4 star-rating.Upon arriving at the establishment, from the outside looking in, I would've probably passed up eating there if it hadn't been for how hungry my boyfriend and I were at the time. To my pleasant surprise, inside the establishment was very nice decor you would not expect. Around 3:40ish pm it was now considered dinner, the AYCE price was 24.95 like most sushi establishments.My boyfriend and I took a few minutes to go over the menu and finally after about 7-10 minutes, we had to wave our server down to give him our order. While waiting for our food, I noticed a family of 4 sitting at the table next to us who seemed a bit antsy. They were probably there 20 minutes as we were there, having already ordered there food and still were waiting. Finally, the family gets up to leave due to the long wait. I was surprised that the woman had to pay for her hot tea, seems like they should've just given it to her for free if they were waiting 20 + min for their food. Around 4 o'clock, I noticed that many customers were coming into the restaurant and were PATIENTLY waiting for their orders to be taken after a few minutes of sitting down. Anyways, at 4, we were starting to wonder (because of the lack of fast service) how long it would take for our first dish to arrive... 20 minutes...25 minutes after 4, our first dish arrived which was not even a cooked dish. I was wondering how and WHY it would take so long for sashimi to come out. Anyways, I think I've made my point to how slow it took to get our meal. Now after 30 minutes, 5 or 6 dishes all came out at once. The food was delicious. My boyfriend felt that the wait was worth it. Don't get me wrong, the food was very good...but, I can't imagine going there on a BUSY day and waiting maybe 3 times as long. I would've just gotten up and left if it were up to me.Anyways, the server was nice and apologized for the wait. Maybe he was new. Maybew the sushi chefs were new. They walked in turtle speed around the sushi bar. I almost felt like time stood still watching them. But, because the food was good...and the sever was apologetic, I'll still give them 3.5 stars. On yelp, a 4.
3	Steering away from the norm, my friend decided to treat me to a place that was outside of the strip that he told me he ends up eating at each trip he takes to vegas.Location wise is not too bad, about 15 minutes away from the strip if I remember correctly and aesthetically speaking quite nice. Located on a strip mall, it had the look of a traditional Japanese sushi bar from the outside. Inside, japanese decor, asian waitresses and chefs... with Hispanic music playing on the background. Got a little giggle from that.Overall the food was pretty darn tasty and the fish tasted pretty fresh. We had the all-you-can eat dinner and definitely got our money's worth.Problem is we probably could have gotten more bang for our buck had the service been... there. Multiple times where we would be waiting 10 minutes or so for the waitress to come back. The all-you-can eat is in an hour time frame but I'm pretty sure we were there for 2 hours in terms of waiting in between orders etc so I guess  its a good thing they aren't so stingy with the time with all the downtime there is. Note this was on a friday during lunch time when we were eating. One waitress, two sushi chefs. Sushi Bar full with one or two side tables, so can't comment on the speed for dinner time rushes and my friend told me that it definitely isn't usually that slow.
1	Went to get a takeout order, arrived at 5:42 pm. Was seated and told to wait, someone would take my order shortly. The sushi bar was full and the dining room empty. By 6:00 PM I was still waiting. No one even acknowledged me. At 6:01 another couple arrived to sit in the dining room.. This was when the same gentleman that seated me said he would be with me in another minute. I gave up and left. The sad part is, I only live one block away and I liked their sushi. It was disappointing that their disregard for their customers was so apparent. This was a second chance for them due to the last time I was there to get sushi and the health department had to shut their doors for three days. I will never be back. I would suggest anyone wanting sushi to avoid this place at all costs. They seem to have an issue when it comes to people of color.
4	As my friend and I entered we were greeted and offered to sit and the sushi bar or table. We choose the table. We went for the dinner all you can eat for $24.95. It's about the same for other place. It comes with a hot sake or a beer. That was very nice. I ordered all sorts of dishes ill start with the appetizer. I got shumai. It's was good but it was deep fried with 2pc. I got a regular salad with the house dressing. I couldn't pass up on the kalbi. When that came  the seasoning was good but the meat wasn't as tender as I like it. I love their bonsai roll. For the nigiri. I got white tuna, and my new favorite garlic tuna!!! The fish was fresh and delicious!  I saw on the special board that they were serving "toro" I asked our waiter what is that and she said it was tuna fat. I thought I tried it. Hmmm, Im not a fan. Then I finished with a strawberry mochi!  The food was very good and flavorful. Customer service was good. But could improve. Usually it's someone that doesn't speak good English that i usually like slide. But this place all their waiter and waitress spoke very good English.  Overall don't over look this place just because its not in the best neighbor hood.
4	I give this place 4 stars. The sushi is delicious, they have AYCE which is great. I would only sit at the sushi bar if I were to go here because I have heard about their slow service. The sushi chefs are great. The chef guy at the front when you walk in is the best. He has worked at numerous sushi places and is always quick with your order. Never had a bad roll here and will definitely be coming back!
3	They have great all you can eat sushi the only bad thing is that on the really good suhi, you can have one order of it- which to me kind of defeats the purpose of AYCE! Every time I go in some rule of their AYCE is always changing. Don't think I'll be going back for a while.
5	This is our celebration spot. Everything from our wedding, to birthdays, to just having a sitter for the night, we come to Sushi on Tropicana. Every other restaurant we go to is compared to this place in consideration of price, taste, service, and atmosphere. Pro tip: It's always worth it to pay $5 to upgrade to the full dinner AYCE  ($24.99) rather than the limited lunch menu. This includes a drink (soda, beer, or sake). I have not had a single roll there I disliked. They use the exact right amount of sauce on everything, which is important to me.  It's a nice romantic spot, but it's also a lot of fun to go with a party of four or more so you can try more rolls. If you're looking for something off strip and that's not a budget buster, this is the place to be.
4	My friend who lives in Vegas used to go here all the time when he worked at the bank down the street; so when I go visit I would always find myself eating lunch or dinner at this place.  We always go the All You Can Eat Sushi for like $25 and always were satisfied.  My favorite rolls are all the deep fried rolls and we never had an issue about getting seated or served.I would recommend this place and I would go back for more anytime.
5	Bueno, bonito y barrato!!If you are looking to get your sushi fix while visiting Las Vegas to help cure that hangover, this is the place. A ways off the strip, but well worth it. They have great deals and lots of options. We ordered a variety of rolls, but the Lisa Lisa roll was a group favorite. Tip: If you are not willing to drive, make sure you call a taxi with enough time and confirm they will pick up.
4	One of our Fav Spots for a well rounded sushi adventure. Usually when I go for some sushi rolls, they're too creamy, too saucy, or lacks flavor. But here, they offer a variety of balanced rolls. Majority of the rolls we have ordered have been excellent. Gone in seconds! I've noticed that some rolls we regularly order, are not consistent every time we come. It's probably due to the different sushi chefs but at least it's still tasty.Service is always great! Excellent on our last visit. Forgot to get her name but she had short shoulder length hair.My Favorites:Garlic TunaYellowtailScreaming Orgasm - OH YEA! (sashimi style)Stuffed Tomato - Refreshing (no rice)Seven Sensations - Very Good!Baked Mussels - Disappointed that it's now limited to 2 orders per person. :-(Baked Lasagna - Warmed with cream cheesy goodnessSoemthing's Wrong - changes all the time but the one we got on our last visit was the bomb! It had toro (fatty tuna), cream cheese, and a garlic sauce.Mango Mochi Ice CreamTip: Stamp Card
1	Worst service ever!!! Took them over 20 min to just get us just water!! Once our Oder was taken, they kept on on bringing out the wrong rolls! To top it of they never brought the whole order of one of my friends!! Food was mediocre!! So disappointed!!
3	Decent.. the rice they use in the sushi was definitely good but the rolls are whatever. Not bad not great
5	I heard about this place from several friends and was told that I had to try this place. So my girlfriend and I jumped at the opportunity for a deserved study break and went around dinner time. There wasn't a great deal of people there but that was what made the place so special. We were greeted and seated immediately. I don't know if I'm the only one who can say this, maybe I'm super human or something but I can tell how the food and the overall experience will be within minutes of entering a restaurant. The service was top notch, they notified us of their specials and deals right off the bat. They made suggestions about specific roles and dishes they had that they specialized in. I mean, how many sushi joints will ever flash the news in big bright letters that they have a taro special? This place. The sushi was fantastic, some of the better sushi I have had here in Las Vegas. I'm no marine biologist (yawn) but that fish was fresher than I've had. Delicious.  Some of the rolls we were so lucky to taste were the Candy Cane Roll, Stuffed Tomato and my personal favorite THE SEVEN SENSATIONS. You can only order that roll once and I can see why, because it would be the only roll I ordered the entire dinner. We also ordered some appetizers, such as the obligatory edamame and baked mussels which were equally tasty. They also offer a special with AYCE customers for free sake or a beer which is a nice cherry to the top of our metaphorical sushi ice cream a la mode. The sushi chefs, on top of all of this, were hilarious. They were personable and funny. They didn't just greet you upon coming in and leaving the place, they made sure you were having a good time which is something I definitely appreciate. I do recommend this place to everyone I know, whether you are new to sushi or just want to switch up your locale of typical sushi places here in the valley.
2	The sushi is to thin n to much rice,the Unagui  sauce is not made from scratch comes in a plastic bottle n is different, I was very disappointed Tropicana Sushi,plus one California roll nine $$ that's to much''!!i dont belive this people, this place is two stars i eat in Yama,goyoman, sushi, hamada,808 sushi, sushi twester, etc,etc n this place have a low grade C,... Will not return
5	I love this place! The sushi is amazing, especially the deep fried, tempura, and spider rolls. Just thinking about it makes me hungry!! The service can be a bit slow when they are busy but the food is amazing. If you go during the daytime it tends to be a bit slower so the service is on point. Make sure you get a stamp card for all you can eat sushi, eating free after a full card of stamps is the best!!
1	Absolutely terrible.  Horribly sloooooow service when the restuarant is dead.  Servers who don't pay attention. and it smells funny. NO THANKS
5	MAGICAL!  $25 for AYCE Sushi...and the best selection of AYCE sushi I have ever seen!  And if you are doing this, you gotta get a bottle of the Fuji Green Apple Sake...off the chain good!  Then they give you a card and stamp ya so buy 10, get 1 free... not a negative thing to say about this place.  Service is good, hours of operations are good...I think they are open til 11:00pm.  Definitely a must-see for anyone and if you are a tourist it is only a few minutes drive from the strip (MGM / NYNY / Tropicana / Excalibur intersection).
5	19.95 ayce lunch26.95 ayce dinnerI went for lunch and it was very good! All the rolls were perfection, and the staff is very friendly. Better than Yama!!!
1	Never have I ever waited this long for sushi. I will never come back to this restaurant. This is by far the worst service I've ever gotten. I came with about 5 of my friends and we ordered all you can eat and we ordered a decent amount of rolls but they came out once at a time, in thirty minute intervals. We asked nicely what was going on with our rolls but they were rude about it. It I could give this restaurant ZERO stars I would. Do not go here unless you want rude servers and horrible service.
5	Best garlic tuna in town. Great green tea and mochi. The rolls are great as well and service is good.  I love when they bring out stuff to try - chefs specials. Will definitely come back soon.
1	Let me start off with saying, I have never felt the need to comment on yelp or write a review but this food establishment is so TERRIBLE that is definitely necessary. So two of my friends and I were really craving sushi and found Yama, our usual joint, way too packed so we decided to go to sushi on tropicana instead. Right off that bat I knew we had made a mistake as we were greeted by the owner (who was extremely hammered and could barely walk straight) awkwardly and uncomfortably grabbing our arms to seat us. It was all downhill from there. Because we waited almost 20 minutes just for a server to acknowledge us and take our drinks, we were starving and therefore placed in a nice hefty order of around 10 rolls. It took 35 minutes (yes I was timing them) just for us to receive one freakn roll!!! If their chefs weren't too busy taking multiple sake bombs, maybe this wouldn't be an issue. I told our server if each roll would take this long we don't even want to waste our time and she assured us everything was on its way. After some more waiting, the server brings us out 6 dishes. 3 of the 6 dishes dishes were "appetizers" which were "complimentary from the chef" to compensate for the wait. This further angered me because: 1) we clearly saw the food on the menu and didn't order it for a reason 2) they were obviously using this as a tactic to fill us up 3) at this point they neglected everything else we ordered and thought we'd be satisfied with that! Trying to calm myself, I hoped that the food was worth the wait and took a bite of the sushi Kiss My Ass!! MOST DISGUSTING PUTRID TASTE THATS EVER BEEN IN MY MOUTH!!! Everything they had brought out looked not fresh and unappetizing. At this point, I was fed up and wanted to speak to the manager.The manager or "chef" which mind you was also plastered out of his mind, came up to my table and asked firmly and rudely, what's your problem now? I explained to him that the service is terrible, we still haven't received half of our order after an hour and a half, and the food sucks! And this dude really had the nerve and yell so what's your point? You just want a free meal? I was completely embarrassed at this point and explained that I did not need a point because I'm just an unsatisfied customer making a complaint! He then proceeded to ask me the same damn question and continued to believe that my friends and I were hoodlums just trying to get a free meal out of it. Never have I experienced this level of rudeness and unprofessionalism. The boss of the establishment then offered to give us minors, alcohol. For the sake of your time and taste buds, STAY AWAY!!!!
5	Great Service, pretty good sushi, not sure if it was because I looked professional but gave me free appetizer and free dessert. Highly recommend it.
5	Just got done eating dinner here. All the food was great. Wide variety to choose from, they dont limit you just cause your doing all you can eat. Super nice employees and very good service. Dont have any complaints.
5	NEW FAVOURITE PLACE!! I live on southwest part of town, however was told about sushi on trop from some friends. The food was so fresh, the service was fantastic, and the staff was super nice!! When you first pull up, it looks like a whole in wall, however once you step inside its like your in another place. Its a dont judge a book by its cover place for sure! It's  worth the little drive and will be visiting often.
5	This place is so good! Try Japanese Lasagna and screaming orgasm! Don't judge this place how it looks on the outside... The service is really good and persistent our waiter kept refilling our drinks before I even knew I was almost done with my drink lol, the chefs here are really nice and help you choose what you like:) must go!
4	I was looking for a new sushi place to try that was somewhat close to UNLV to spend my lunch break at today. After reading the Yelp reviews I decided to give this place a try. Upon coming in I had reservations, it was pretty empty for a lunch hour and from the look of the outside you don't know what to expect (definite hole in the wall). I sat at the bar and began perusing the menu. Their menu is very organized, by baked rolls, fresh fish, tempura rolls, etc. which is nice when you know what kind of roll you're in the mood for. I'm a fan of the Loco Mexicano because it's spicy and I love spicy rolls. I had some nigiri and another roll, can't remember the name because it obviously wasn't something to write home about. All in all it was pretty good, I wouldn't say great.The waitress was nice and friendly. My sushi chef's name was Mike and he was very nice and helpful. He offered to make me a special spicy roll but at that point I was so full I couldn't fathom trying one of his tasty creations. He did make me some salmon nigiri which was one of his creations which was delish. I wish they had a wider nigiri option though & some of the nigiri isn't even available unless it's dinner which I think is a bit ridiculous. They also put sauces on a lot of rolls which I was unaware of, I enjoy simple rolls where you can actually taste the fish. Next time I know to request no sauce. All in all they're nice, friendly, helpful, and creative. Lunch price was approx $20 AYCE & dinner I think is around $24. So it's definitely worth the price you're paying. I'll definitely be back.
5	This use to have the worst service around. But lastbyear they changed management I think cause now this is my favorite sushi restaurant. Service is great and the food is amazing and reasonably priced!
4	friendly chef and for an all you can eat joint. the fish is very fresh and delicious. I will be eating here again when I am in town
3	slow unorganized service. no communication or accountability on who served our table. took 20 mins just to get our first orders. owner and sushi chefs are friendly but the wait staff sucks. Gyoza and potstickers were fried and was frozen in the middle. Nigiris, salmon Kama were good. I'm so let down by this place because a friend recommended it. I also witnessed a waitress spill miso soup on a customer in this visit. I'm not hard to please. All I ask for is get my food to me in a timely manner and refill my drinks. Other than the appetizers being cold and suck ass service. The sushi was good and we'll give this place another shot. Vent over. 3 stars for good sushi alone. 0 stars for service.
1	Fish is not fresh! Way better places in town.
5	Seriously the BEST place to eat sushi EVER! Have been going here and ONLY HERE for years! You guys are the best! ...as I sit here at the bar enjoying my sake, beer & quality time with my husband
5	This place is in my neighborhood, and I eat there frequently. Always love their sushi & service. Never had a problem with anything but music. I want to hear some authentic Japanese music, not modern pop or country. It's just my personal preference when I go to ethnic places.
1	We've been going here for about 10 years, as we live not too far away.  I'm assuming there is relatively new management (looks all Chinese), because the food quality, the service, and the staff are all very "low rent" now.  Today we visited again...and the waitress was an overweight hispanic woman who looked like the maid.  She couldn't speak good English, she had no idea about the menu, and brought the wrong food out.  She offered "thousand island or ranch" dressing for the salad.  This place always has the Japanese ginger dressing...we had to ask, and then she brought it out.  I complained to the manager (owner?), and he chuckled it off saying she was from the kitchen as they are short staffed.  Really?  Clearly, we will NOT be going back to this place.  It was to the point that I was concerned about the cleanliness of the food.
5	Jeff and I loves this place.  Our sushi chef always educate us with many different sushi and how they were prepared. FRESH WASABI is da BOMB!  Thanks Paul.  Great food ....awesome chefs.
1	Went here today to find our they are closed...huge orange sticker on the door put on two days ago! wtf happened!!!!  this makes me sad !
1	It was the worse service I have ever experienced at a sushi joint. They took over half an hour to bring the appetizers to our table and the 4 rolls I ordered. Then they forgot about me and didn't come by for another half an hour. I was just waiting and waiting. Sushi wasn't very tasteful either. Won't be coming back again. You'd have a Better time down the street at yama sushi!
5	Another wonderful dinner here at Sushi on Tropicana.   Jeff and I sat at our usual spot at the bar.  Met out amazing sushi chef, Steve and Joey.  Awesome food again.  My uni that Steve prepared for us was superb and fresh.  Can't wait to be here again on our next date night.  We love this place!
5	AMAZING sushi! The sushi is fresh, excellent selection, and the staff is so friendly and nice! They always have the best service. My favorite sushi place in all of Las Vegas!
2	I have been to a lot of all you can eat  sushi places, and this one is at the bottom of my list. I am glad i did not get their all you can eat because the sushi was not that good at all. Overall... i was not impressed and probably won't make the drive all the way out there again.
3	I don't get too crazy when it comes to Sushi Rolls, so I stuck with the California Roll, not bad - a little small and not wrapped very tight but still good.  The Cucumber Salad is fantastic.  The Poke Salad, although a little to spicy for me, was Excellent. The Spam Fried Rice was a little greasy but overall had good flavor.Love walking in - The Sushi Chefs always make me laugh.  The Waitress that helps us most of the time can be difficult to deal with.  She doesn't appear to be good with English, isn't very attentive waitress and usually has trouble with calculating our check and giving change.  I do overlook it as I'm in a Japanese Restaurant.
4	I have been coming here for about 3 years now and I have never had a problem with the food. They always make everything fresh and even surprise us with chef specials because we eat there so often. The service is very hit or miss. You either have a waitress on your butt about removing your plate or you have to search the restaurant for water. But regardless, if you sit at the bar you can rest assure that the sushi will always flow to your plate as us sushi lovers love. All you can eat is a great plus too
1	This place has went downhill!! Our first time was a little over a year ago and it wasn't the best sushi I've ever had however the staff and the chefs were so friendly and engaging, it made up for it. Tonight we went in and half the staff that used to be there is gone. The waitress brought me Sapporo instead of Asahi. The roll's sauce was overpowering with mayonnaise taste. To top it off, we ordered fried ice cream and were told they didn't have any and if mochi was ok and we said sure. The waitress never brought us dessert, PERIOD! We asked for our check again and again and eventually one chef said it's ok guys, just go. WOW. I didn't feel right not saying how much I disliked the service tonight. Will not return.
1	Since we haven't went there for a while, we decided to go once again even they didn't impressed me last time.  But I'll never go back there again for sure.  Service was horrible we went there around 3pm there was only 3 group of customer with 2 sushi chefs but waited long time to each sushi roll come out, server didn't come for refill drink I had to go find her to get refill.  We were tired to wait so we didn't even bother to ask for desert plus they never asked us if we ready for desert.   We asked for check but all the employee were distracted to watching sake bomb we were waited like another 20min for check. Well, they lost another customers here.
1	This place should be called All-You-Can-Eat-With-Restrictions because there is a 60 minute limit for AYCE.... I can understand if the food came out fast, but the food took 30 minutes to come out which only allowed our party to order twice. By the third time, the waitress told us that our 60 minute limit was up and pretty much tried to kick us out of the place. I would understand if the staff told our party in the beginning of our meal that there was an hour limit or at least told us 20 minutes in advance that our limit would be coming to a close, but as we tried ordering more sushi the waitress told us we couldn't order more because of that 60 minute limit. Honestly, this place has some false advertising! On top of that, for a 5 party group the waitress charged us for gratuity...but it's truly her lost because we tip well. And also, we were not rude or in anyway mean but the staff was completely rude and talked total smack in front of our faces. REALLY, I can understand if we we came off as mean and rude customers but our party was just having a nice dinner. Don't think I'm coming here again.
5	Warm and funny welcome by the japanese great sushi chef .cozy and cool atmosphere makes you feel welcome.the great choice of sushi with smaller portion makes you try almost everything on the menu.order garlic tuna,you will love it!
3	My daughter ordered a Valentine Roll which was avocado, eel and cream cheese, it was looks nice and taste was good too.Shrimp tempura appetizer didn't look Tempura style, but taste was good and sauce was tasty.Only I was disappointed it was,,, Chirashi bowl.  I was just expected authentic Japanese style...  Please don't put artificial seaweed salad between sushi rice and Sashimi for it... Rice became green by it and sesame oil flavor killed fish flavour.. Not only that Furikake was on top, it was not totally Japanese style.
5	Great food and excellent service. I always look forward to coming back home to visit and taking the family there.
5	great service!  great food!  great place!  Our friend raves about this place so we gave it a try. Everyone is so nice and accommodating!  Very very clean. Bathrooms too!  We loved everything we had.  Even though we live across town, we will be back!
5	Our favorite chef Steve is back and his family. ..such great people always making sure we  have our yellowtail Kama...the best grilled tuna collar in town.
5	My favorite ayce sushi spot. Friendly staff, fresh fish, and delicious rolls. Not to mention a very good selection of sake and beer, along with some regional special brews. What else can I say, it's very good ! And very nice small place. Very good atmosphere ! Give it a try it won't disappoint.
1	Wow! So so disappointed,  first thing the woman said was table no kids allowed at the bar . What service I get it no small children my daughter is 12 not really a tiny kid and she loves sushi! I believe it's my choice where I sit I am a paying customer . What a joke . Oh yeh and the grade from the  health department wasn't even up. that isn't a good thing people. KAIZEN is the best in town anyway.
1	The service was pathetic, We were there for two hours and only received a few dishes that we ordered.  The dishes that we did receive was warm. We asked for the check and told her it was because it took so long. She then got upset at us as if it were our fault that their service was complete garbage.  On top of their horrible service, the place mats was I kid you not, printer paper.  The napkins were cheap square kind too, definitely not something you would present to customers at a restaurant.In conclusion, I would rather put out a fire with my face then eat at this establishment again.
