3	This branch on H&M on Princes Street is huge and I only wish I appreciated it more than I do. I'm not a massive fan of H&M and after living in a city for a year where H&M was the only shop, it got old pretty quickly and it wasn't really new before that either. For me I go to H&M for the following things; black work tops, black socks, hairbands, bobbles, clasps and various other accessories, I also adore their printed scarves. So I guess I'm a huge fan of H&M when it comes to jewellery and accessories but as far as the clothes go I find them rather dull and not particularly good quality either. Any items I've bought from H&M in the past are long gone and that's strange for me as I am a complete hoarder and keep absolutely everything. Most of my H&M clothes have ended up in the bin or in charity bags either because they've ended up all ripped and holey or they've shrunk in the wash - I don't have this problem with other brands.I guess H&M is quite cheap so I shouldn't expect everything to last forever, but a few winters for a warm fuzzy jumper would be nice.
4	Sometimes I love H&M and all the fashionable, cheap clothes that go along with it. And sometimes I hate it because the store is mostly messy and the chances of finding your size in that one perfect item are slim. They have a quick turnaround of stock so if you see something you like, you should probably snap it up as chances are it will be gone the next time you come. This store has mens (which I never find particularly inspiring), childrenswear and womanswear. The womans clothing in here tends to be a bit smarted and geared towards the older shopper as opposed to the young trends in the other H&M store down the road.
2	Old Navy for hipsters.This place was a wreck.  I understand it is located in a high traffic area and they get a lot of visitors but it's just a mess.  I saw this place one night after they closed and made a point to come back during the next day.  Most of the clothing looks like it would fall apart within a few weeks...looks good but poorly and cheaply made.I checked it out and walked out.
5	A winner. Great clothes, great colours, great quality and great fit. I always find something in here and some of my purchases have lasted a long time and become  faves. The children's clothing is reliably good and well-made with nice colours and textures and no awful slogans on the tops. The adult sizes generally run to about a size 18. They also have maternity clothes for our maternal friends.
