1	This is the worst property management company ever! Our A/C has broken down several times during the summer and when I called to report I was told no-one else has reported the issue. Knocked on neighbors door she said she reported the A/C. Also my neighbor has a pit-bull doesn't bother me but they have a bird that makes noise all day and they scream and fight. Other neighbor reported them for 3 weeks Silvia Vilbrandt Community Manager calls me says I've been reported for dog barking I tell her shes got the wrong condo owner its the renters she hangs up on me. Silvia Vilbrandt should be fired! No service, rude, unprofessional.
1	I called the local phone number located on my bill and it was answered by a person located in another state. I explained I would like to pay my HOA dues through the end of the year. The operator then informed me their fee for accepting my payment would be over $200.00. When I questioned why, she stated that was their payment fee based on the amount I was paying. OK....if we want to pay ahead we are penalized???Fee for what???Its already a HOA fee. Is this a fee for making a payment on a fee?? How stupid. I have normally paid through bill pay from same bank account and no fee and if I want to pay by phone there is a fee and if you pay on their web site there is also a fee. Not a happy resident.
1	We had to use at least one star.....even though in our opinion they do not deserve even that!Think about it!  Except in California (ahem) everybody else in this great country has no problem keeping their lawn green, house painted and dogs on a leash.  But here in Arizona we have to pay through the nose for some minion to run around with a clipboard yelling :" citizens arrest..citizens arrest ..property values...property values" [said in a high pitched voice by a meter maid wannabe .]. Ironically, in a state where everybody can carry a gun, anybody can ride a motorcycle without a helmet, anybody can tool down the street in a 4 wheel ATV or a golf cart; a state with sheriff JOE and GOV. Brewer.....but we need a goofy clipboard mentality pocket drone to tell us what color flowers to plant?  And when to plant them! Even that is bogus. There is nothing in our CC & Rs that state when, how or what exactly to plant once the landscape plan was approved and written off as finished. But these bozos want to tell you when to trim palm trees and how to grow grass.And lets just say some of their " neighborhood 'blasts' " are not exactly accurate !  Like the one that said you "must plant winter Perennial rye by Nov." .....well bunkey, if it was 'perennial' you would not have to plant it each year would ya? But nothing says perennial or annual rye and nothing requires any specific date. But that is the form of constant inaccurate babble you have to deal with!   And the garbage about them being employed by "our" BOD to "maintain property values"??  Well, 'dude', our property values have declined by 50 % since you were hired!  Explain that!Or the 'Misleading Blast' requesting Board Members....A. they saId "you must be at the annual meeting to run for the board".... Not true.B. they said " you must be an owner" ...... Not at all true.C. They said " you must attend evening meetings" not true.D. When residents have applied to Volunteer for vacant spots on the board, they have been advised they have been turned down because those residents have been known to 'use the internet to complain about various subjects'.  WOW! Freedom of speech out the window on that one! (You cant make this stuff up !)The one thing they are good at? Putting neighbors at odds with one another! They even play the GET EVEN game with residents that complain by issuing very questionable violations and giving no response to legitimate questions.They will not answer e-mail requests for the finances by certain (concerned) residents, and it is nearly impossible to get onto the community website to find up to date information! If you really, really need a  prop manager....our opinion is : STAY AWAY from them!Oh, but they sure wear fancy dresses, jewelry and clicking high heels to all the annual meetings.......In our opinion, this company is the least professional property management company we have encountered in 40 years! Thank God, just a few weeks after this (and other) reviews were published they resigned from our community. My 'ol gramma used to say: "Never say anything 'but good' about someone after they are gone."  They are Gone.....Good!The new management company seems much better, more professional, and the Board of Directors now seems to be "Back on Track".  Thank you!
5	Very few people take the time to write a positive review and I want to make a point of showcasing Angie and FirstService Residential.  I own a unit in Manzanita Villas and unfortunately have now had three water damage issues.  Each time I have called, I get immediate response!  Not only do I get speedy response, Angie at FirstService stays in contact with me until the entire problem is resolved.  I couldn't ask for more as an owner and I am very grateful for the service Angie specifically provides!
5	I live in St. Croix Villas, a small condo community in downtown Phoenix managed by FirstService (previously Rossmar & Graham, but they merged or something).  Our experience with them has been stellar over the almost five years that I've lived here, all with the same community manager.  Both he and his assistant are responsive, knowledgeable, and flexible -- as well as some of the other people in the company that I've had smaller interactions with.  The only real room for improvement that I can identify is the internal website and online services -- they seem a little confusing at times.  But overall I'd highly recommend them to anyone looking for a new property management company.
1	Our community has deteriorated since this company over.  Very poor customer service skills.  Stay away from any property they manage.
2	The folks at First Service are friendly but their follow-through is terrible. I don't know if they have bad systems or processes or just don't care. It took 9 months to get new volleyball nets purchased for our community. (Total cost $250) In the meantime residents including myself spent several hours repairing the current nets including the purchase of rope and materials. Other repairs would take several weeks just to receive a reply. Inquiries to First Service go un-answered for weeks or months on end yet they expect a reply within a very short time or they will fine you. I would highly recommend that if your property is looking for an HOA management company, that you look elsewhere.
