5	You know those tacky "Point of Pride" signs that you see spread out around the Valley, the ones with the hokey Arizona flag emblazoned on an oversized oval marker denoting a place that we, as locals, should take an extra moment to admire, lest we have a reference for culture when (if) that point itself ever arises when in the company of our non-local friends, be they friends, family, vacationers, snow-birds, banditos, and the occasional Sheriff Joe pop-quizzes, where failure would bring you 8-to-10?Yeah those.City officials need to walk out into the Oval Tree forest and chop down the biggest one for the 16th Hole at the TPC, home of the FBR open and drunkest, rowdiest, and most exceedingly absurd Point of Pride in the Valley.  There is no other place or event that exists like this one does on the face of the planet.  Isn't that what we Phoenicians are always searching for?  Something completely Phoenix-centric?  We lay claim to the only event of this kind, and as ridiculous as it is, unequivocally OURS.So, the 16th hole can be reviewed as an event ... however ... those who go to the FBR are drawn to this 162 yards of fun ... and since it has a definitive boundary, it should be reviewed as a bar/lounge/dive.Okay, so the best part are the people.  Fifteen thousand of them, sitting perched on either $5K suites [for the highbrow drunks] or on the hill above the green [for the lowbrow drunks, aka, you and I]These are people who bring dates to a golf event.  They wear Plus-fours, and Tam O'Shanters, and knickerbockers ... layered pastel polos, firecracker shorts, and stilletos.  Heck, even the people who put on the event brazenly wear head-to-toe midnight blue velour track suits.  Its fabulously odious!These are the people who are tailgating for a 'gentleman's game', and to take it a step further, post-game celebrate in a tent hosted by all of the valley's big nightclubs.  Right there in the golfclub's parkinglot.This is almost like the scene in Dazed and Confused where Mike opines to Tony in the school parking lot:  "Not only are they allowing this, they are selling concessions!"  Whatever man, everyone here is just L-I-V-I-N.So, you park your crew on the side of the hill, because remember, we're saving our change for beer money and not corporate suites, and the big deal is, IT'S ACCEPTABLE TO HECKLE!  Craziness.  Now, don't get me wrong.  Most of it is your typical, uncreative monkey-flinging shit-talk from Chad and Brent (who's friend call "Cheddar" and "Muledick", respectively), but every now and then, it gets good, particularly when someone says something creative without cussing.  After all, its just kinda cheesedick to curse at a 1,000 decibel  banshee yell in front of families and shit.The cheers are really cool too, when someone deserves it, and the boos still make me chuckle when a golfer takes too many practice swings.  Hell, Justin Leonard flipped off the gallery one year to much applause.  Hook 'em, Justin!Then, there's Cheddar's date Bryce, puking into her Salvatore Ferragamo bag and a little on her girl's Marc Jacob spool heels.  They are the role players to their Superstar boyfriends, perfect game time teammates like Nash and Amare.  Last year, I saw one particular glory girl clothesline herself on a fairway boundary rope.  Just absolutely priceless moment.  I cheers'ed my $7 Mich Ultra Amber to her in a salute to performance comedy.So, anyway, this piece of the Valley is quite the unique gem.  Its ours.  No one has one just like it.  Not even close.  And you know what?  We treat it like we fucking own it.  For once Valley residents don't have to explain the cool-factor or the uniqueness of something here to those uninformed.  It speaks for itself.  And boy, does it.
5	Being someone from Arizona, I have never experienced a Phoenix Open until now.... and damn I have been missing out my entire life. I absolutely loved it.It's a buffet for the eyes with hot plastic women and milfs, out of control outfits ranging from argyle sweaters to all white outfits, white trash and curly mulletinos, mustaches with handlebars... its seriously the best place hands down to people watch.OK, I was across the lake of the hole 17 sky box on corporate row, but dude, whats not to like?Free food---- GOOOOOOOOOOOOODFree OPEN BAR ALL DAY---- GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOODPeople watching with perfect weather outdoors getting tan- GOOOOOODPORTABLE TOILETS WITH HAND SANITIZER----GOOOOODOh everyone needs to come to the best PGA tour game ever. It's one big frat party. Only time after college where being drunk from 10:30am to 3:30am is acceptable. BRAVO SCOTTSDALE.
5	In case you're wondering, you need a passport to get into the FBR Open to prove your citizenship.  The U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service recently determined that tanned, plastic looking people have in fact taken over the TPC in Scottsdale on an annual basis only to defect to their ultra-lounge havens to hibernate until the following year. I'm really not sure what to think of this.  They speak English (but very faux surferish) and look American, but act completely juvenile, foolish and quite frankly, foreign.  Additionally, while waiting for the shuttle bus at Barcelona - ground zero for these immigrants, you can overhear the most ridiculous conversation.Most of these immigrants started drinking at the makeshift bar in the Barcelona parking lot. One woman talked of her plan to sacrifice her bra and panties on the 16th green in her effort to score Super Bowl tickets.  Another woman (while in the bus) rated men walking down Hayden as we drove by "10!  You're a 9. You're more like a 7.  Ew, you're a 5."  The men were not to be outdone.  Who needs shuttle buses when you can just walk down Hayden, strip down to your bare, over-tanned chest while ladies driving by ask if you need a ride.In a traditional immigrant mating call, women wore the most appropriate golf course attire they could find. On a cloudy 60 degree day many opted for mini skirts, tank tops, tacky fake Chanels, high heels and gawdy jewelry.  Men meanwhile chose over-gelled hair dos, flip flops or tube socks, shorts and Ed Hardy tees or golfy looking sweaters that they could spill their double-fisted beers all over.Suffice to say, that was a quick synopsis of some of the crowd at the FBR. Some people actually went to watch golf, enjoy a few $7 brews on a glorious winter afternoon in Scottsdale and watch the rowdiest, drunkest spectators in all of golf boo, jeer and hiss at the 16th hole.  Greenskeeper tix and Corporate Village tix are bonus if you can land them.This event hasn't become a national attendance breaker on the PGA circuit for nothing.  FBR Open is to Phoenix as Mardi Gras is to New Orleans. Drunken debauchery. This event has come to embody Phoenix for better or worse and as a locally grown event, from its fledgling days at the Phoenix Country Club, that says a lot.  I have a good time every time I go -- plastic Scottsdale immigrants or not.  Five stars.
5	I came out here from Laguna Beach in January for the so-called FBR Open. My friend who loves golf and getting autographs told me this was the tourney of all touneys the grand daddy of lettin' the good times roll.In case you're new to the whole FBR theme aka fun factor it's a giant beer and booze fest. How do you spend $100 at a golf tournanment you ask in a single day? Easily. Acessable alcohol served by super cute chicks who are friendly and always willing. This is after all one of the best college party spots in the nation. After the first few rounds you forget where Tiger and Co. are? Tiger's at what hole. Holy **** if we run we can see him tee off! Even with all the hot dogs and burgers we still ended Friday with us having a bad hangover and a bad sunburn. Now we want to check out Scottsdale and it's nightlife! Not gonna happen. Every hip hoppin' place in Scottsdale was packed by the time we arrived. This was too afterall Super Bowl weekend. The Pats and The Giants! We decided to go again Saturday. We wanted to go to the Birds Nest but we didn't make it that far. Again, we started early and were pretty much two-fisting Heiniken all day. We decided to meet up with these two chicks at Saddle Ranch. We ended the night at a bar...But that's the thing about this tournament this year. Booze, beer, hot chicks, the Super Bowl and GOLF!!! All in the same freakin' weekend!Geez...can life get any better???
4	I would like to point out the first several points made on Brian S's review below as it hits the nail on the head...Debauchery - checkIndulgence - checkGluttony - checkGolf - yeah, if you can see past 20,000 people on the 16th, then checkLet's be honest, the FBR is attended by approximately 100,000 people each day with Saturday being the busiest.  Out of the 100,000 people I would like to offer a conservative estimate of the make-up of this group and the event.1) 92,367 (of the 100k) have no idea what golf is or who is playing, but its warm and sunny and celebrities from around the country fly their private jets into town...so what the hell.2) Every single sorority from ASU is represented...Delta Gamma is the Best how can you tell? from the size of our...3) Every single frat from ASU is represented...yo, check out my striped shirt, f*cking look at it!4) No other sports tournament in the world will have more women wearing Tiffany's and drinking Beer (golfer's wives not included)5) Phil rulz!6) Bird's Nest7) Oh yeah, they play some golf too if you manage to find your way through the crowds and bunker's of beer tents.So, girls if you're into dressing up for a PGA event (do I even need to mention that...like you know what golf is...) in the sun and hope to catch a rich sugar daddy, celebrity or stud frat guy...you've come to the right place.  Guys: beers, sun, Phil kicking ass on the 16th and girls - 'nuff said.
5	Fuck yeah!!!!!! It's my second favorite Valley specific holiday of the year!!! Second only to the Scottsdale Culinary Festival. I can't wait for next weekend :-D Monday's going to suck.
3	PGA Phoenix: 10 drinks, 7 once-overs (male), 5 once-overs (friendly female), 2 once-overs (bitchy female), one "NICE TITTIES" (male, notice it's "-ies" and not "its"), and one squat and pee in trees... Great Success!oh btw... if you're not VIP, the shitters are few and far between, ya fuckin' general admission peons.
5	Friday at the Waste(d) Management Phoenix Open...16th Hole Terrace Skybox74 degrees and sunnyTasty food provided by M Catering by Michael - especially liked the roast beef sandwichesBar stations practically every 20 feet*Great people watching - you really never know just what you will see at these things!  That could have a lot to do with the bar stations...* For maximum enjoyment of the event, bring a friend skilled at chatting up the female bartenders - he consistently returned with generously poured beverages... See you next year!
5	The TPC's 16th Hole is looking good right now for next weeks Waste Management's Phoenix Open.I came over here to stake out my spot. Looks like they tournament people have everything ready to go for the start... plenty of bars and porta-potties!Having a VIP pass is key to really enjoying this nutty place during the week.... not fun seeking out porta-potties after an afternoon of the caliber of drinking that goes on here.Hope to see you all here.... and lets all be honest.... we don't go to really watch golf being played!
4	You know the term "party on grass?" This is where that term was derived from. I don't know if another place on this planet exists like the 16th hole. Where else can you combine drunken rowdiness with classy golf? Where else has golf legends played on and in turn, decided never to come back again because of this rowdiness? 16th hole, Now, I'm giving 16th hold four stars because I'd give GA of the 16th hole 3 stars but because I'm including Skybox in here, I'm upping it up to four. If you can find your way inside the Skybox on the 16th hole (sponsorships-only), then it's an entirely different experience with complimentary food and alcohol. However, if you want to go to the Open and sit in 16th GA, be prepared for a spring break style day if you go on Saturday and a rowdy crowd on really any day of the week. How do you think the 16th hole earned its reputation in the first place? It's rowdy, it's loud and most pro golfers hate the hole. So go if you want to party hardy or if you want to be in a setting that's not a typical golf one, but if you're going to enjoy a quiet day of watching a PGA tour and you especially if you are coming with children, then avoid the 16th hole at all costs. PS - I like how they have bleachers in the 16th hole. Remember how rowdy it is though. if you want bleachers and a good view, check out the bleachers on the north side at the 15th hole. That's more family-friendly. And here's a final reminder/warning...if you have children, avoid the Open on Saturday at all costs. This is not a family-friendly day.
5	The Phoenix open is a really good time, and 75% of it comes down to the 16th hole. For those that haven't been: It's a short par 3 that is fully enclosed by grandstand seating. It seats a lot of people, and it's very rowdy and VERY loud. It is the least traditional golf environment you could imagine, and it's a lot of fun.Upon teeing off, the players are met with either rousing cheers or loud boos, depending on where their tee shots land. The crowd screams at the caddies, trying to get them to sprint up onto the green. If they ever do, the crowd goes wild. If there's a great shot, the crowd goes wild. Some golfers throw gear into the crowd, and they go wild. The moral of the story here is that it's wild. There are private areas and spaces for corporate sponsors, which would be the way to be here, if you can find a way in. When I come back next year, I'll likely spend the vast majority of my time at the 16th hole. It's so much fun, and also a drunken shit show with all the lushes around you.Some advice...Get here early, because they'll start running a line. While it's worth the wait to get in, you'll enjoy it more if you don't have to wait. Also, bring/wear sunblock, because regardless of where you sit, you'll be in the sun pretty much all day.
5	As good as it gets for a golf tournament.  Such a fun, rowdy environment.  I was lucky to be in one of the VIP tents that surrounds the hole which made the experience absolutely perfect.
4	Awesome !  Loved it !!
3	This years trip to the 16th Tee Skybox Terrace was as usual a whole lot of fun, and the best way to spend a work day.  However, this years event, as far as the food and beverage went, really seemed to drop off. With that said, here is the scorecard for the days events:     1  -  Atmosphere  (5  STARS)  -  Nothing beats the view behind the te box     2  -  Restroom  (2  STARS)  -  Typical event with Port-o-lets, they did get an extra                                                      start for the hand sanitizer station     3  -  Food  (2 STARS)  -  Cold handmade subs and bagged chips, really at the cost                                              of these tickets we deserved more than that.     4  -  Drinks  (3 STARS)  -  The drinks were a little on the strong side, but waiting for                                               the waitress was like waiting for the Tiger Woods to                                               return to the OPEN.Don't get me wrong, this is still the place to be at the OPEN, but don't compare it to events of the past, because this year if fell short and left of the green.
5	16th Hole...NASCAR fans at a PGA event! Never had so much fun at a golf event WITH the pros and caddies joining in. I was lucky and had a corporate skybox tic(really the only way to go unless you've got a bladder the size of a cactus.) Amazing to see caddies drop their bags and sprint up the fairway with the pro's pickin them up and actually enjoying themselves! Every PGA tournament(except for the majors) should have a hole setup like this!
2	Meh, it's just a bunch of obnoxious preppie frat boys. I guess I should have known that going to a golf tournament in Scottsdale. No thanks.
4	When I moved here 2 yrs ago, everyone spoke about the legendary 16th hole at the Phoenix Open.  I watched from one of the corporate skyboxes and I have to admit, it was pretty entertaining.  However, after 4 days of it, I was over it.  It reminds me of my college party days.....drinking, shouting, and a bunch of nonsense.  Somewhere during the day, there's some golf played I guess.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/16th-hole-at-fbr-open-scottsdale?select=XS63o6ko-7FHlW5S7-3RgQ#XS63o6ko-7FHlW5S7-3RgQThe betting on the the Caddie Races is hysterical.  I love how the poor PGA guys try to keep it quiet for the golfers hitting the ball....yeah right, no chance.  Imagine trying to hit a golf ball at a frat party with 5,000 drunk guys screaming at you....it's got to be tough for the golfers.  Some take it in stride, others seem annoyed at the spectacle of things.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/16th-hole-at-fbr-open-scottsdale?select=3O8ZsoJD2_qbiqjP-J0pvA#3O8ZsoJD2_qbiqjP-J0pvAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/16th-hole-at-fbr-open-scottsdale?select=FOS595df5QbkBAW5GwfD5w#FOS595df5QbkBAW5GwfD5wI try to explain it to friends, but there's nothing like experiencing it for yourself.  This year is my 2nd year, same ol' nonsense.....you just have to be there.Watching Mickelson dominate this year on this hole was pretty cool.  That and all of the ASU chants were cracking me up.Return Factor - 90%
5	This place is great.  My new favorite place at the FBR open. The only other time I had as much fun was when I had the corporate pass.
5	I love being at the 16th hole. Was a great place to watch some golf. It has to one of those famous holes in all of professional golf. It was my favorite part of the day
4	This is one of those things I look forward to every year...and this year was no exception. The people watching and the debauchery alone is worth a few hours of your time. Heaven only knows what you'll see around each corner!This year I ventured from our Skyboxes on the 16th hole and walked up the stairs to locate a posh sitting area chock-full of fun-loving people. (So now I'm looking forward to THAT next year too!) It was a *little* chilly this year and I loved it! I didn't even realize there were so many things going on above us! As Lindsey said, the 16th General Admission gives you a totally different perspective of the event, and I would have to say that if you're going to the Open, you should check out how both halves get down. (Go to the Skybox first though...the unlimited food and drinks will wet your beak so you can go hang with the hooligans.)
5	I've been to a ton of sporting events, and this is definitely my favorite.  I will be back at the 16th hole this year for sure!
