5	Eltons has a great selection of really nice menswear items in their store, although everything is pretty pricy.  The leather dress belt that I purchased here cost $140, but it is BY FAR the nicest belt that I own, and I have no buyers remorse.  Belts, shoes, hats, leather jackets, Robert Graham shirts, suits, ties, etc., they have it all.The staff was very friendly and quick to help me find what I was looking for. I didn't feel pressured to buy at all. If you like this store, than I recommend that you check out their other store, located in the Palazzo, which is a little bigger and has some more variety.  They have friendly, helpful staff at that location, as well.
1	This has to be the worst place to shop, they have the worst customer service and worst manners I have ever seen 5 stars negative, and hope they fire the guy who is working there
5	I went in here last Saturday afternoon looking for the perfect shirt to wear for a nice dinner followed by an evening in the nightclubs. My salesman was a gentleman in his late 40s named Victor. This store is very rock 'n roll. You can definitely see the guys from Aerosmith and the Rolling Stones buying stuff here. Most of their items are one-of-a-kind and almost everything in the store is handmade. There is an on-site Tailor will make adjustments while you wait so that everything fits perfectly.  Once I picked out my $267 shirt, I had it pressed in the store while I waited, and everything went off without a hitch. I know that their prices are a bit high, but I definitely recommend at least giving these guys a shot. They know their product very well. And they have the best stuff. John
1	I visited the store at Mandaly Place last evening.  The service was pathetic.  I'm local and I typically shop at Neiman Marcus where the service is impeccable.  The store was hardly busy and the Sales lady stood there like a  mannequin.  She didnt welcome me or ask if I needed help.  I asked a question regarding a hand carved belt buckle.  I asked her if it was a belt buckle and her only response was "yes".  She did not ask if I wanted to see it.  She did not ask if I was looking for anything in particular.  I highly recommend that they train their employees to be courteous and helpful.  I will continue to shop at Neimans where the service is appropriate.  Instead of posting this negativity on yelp I tried multiple times to send it only through Elton's website cutomer contact but it wouldnt go through.  So here it is instead.
5	Bought 2 motorcycle logo t-shirts here in 2013 and still love them. I takes me some gumption to suck it up and pay almost $100 per shirt, but the stuff at Eltons is top quality and dripping with style. You won't find these items outside of some fashion district in a major metropolitan city, so enjoy it while staying at the Mandalay. Plus they don't do online sales and their website is barely functioning. Somehow it adds to the exclusive vibe. Stay too cool for school, Eltons.
