5	I've been going to Bella Bronze of Las Vegas for over a year! Ashley's very professional and her new location is even better! I only trust Ashley with my custom airbrush tans!
5	I LOVE Bella Bronze! Ashley is so professional and makes me feel so comfortable every time! She always gives me the perfect golden bronze airbrush tan! I've used probably every tanning place in Las Vegas and Bella Bronze is by far the best!  It's never orange & doesn't smell bad like most spray tans do. The salon is always clean which is a huge plus!!! Also, she offers a nice cold bottle of water for you after your session! I look forward to my weekly visits to Bella Bronze :)
5	I have tried several Tanning Salons and Bella Bronze of Las Vegas is by far the best there is when is comes to a personalized spray tan! There is no orange color, no streaks, no spray tan smell, treated like a VIP everytime and best of all a beautiful glowing tan!!!
5	Ashley is the best! Every time I come into town I have to go see her. She always makes me look amazing and there is never any orange or streaking like other places. She is the most professional, knowledgable, and most amazing technician out there. Wish I lived in Vegas so I could go to her all the time!
5	Ashley at Bella Bronze provides the best airbrush tans along with amazing, professional service! Her salon is conveniently located right off the 215, and it's always kept clean. She provides the most natural color for your skin tone, and solution she uses never streaks or turns orange, and when the tan starts to fade it looks natural unlike many other airbrush salons in Las Vegas. I get spray tans for many sorority events, weddings I have attended, and even music festivals, and I've always been extremely happy with my tans!
5	Ashley at Bella Bronze provides such an amazing service! I was a bit skeptical at first about getting a spray tan because: 1) I have heard horror stories of people getting orange. 2) I'm Filipino, so I already have somewhat of a natural tan and thought it would be silly to get it. But my reasons were proved wrong and now I love getting airbrush spray tans! If you get air brushed by Ashley, you do not have to worry about getting orange or having streaks! Also, if you already have a little bit of a tan, getting an airbrush spray tan is such a nice way to add a little more color and have a wonderful glow! The best thing is that Ashley is always able to work with you at your convenience, she's super friendly, and very professional. I have always been happy with my tans and always come back to her whenever I need to look good!
5	I've been seeing Ashley for over 2 years now and she is so wonderful!  Her products are amazing as well and its the best customized spray tan I have ever gotten!  I send ALL my clientele to her and they love her, too.  Mystic tans always left my skin streaky and orange, but Ashley's technique and equipment leaves your skin bronzed and flawless!It's a no brainer!!  Go see Ashley...Best pricing in town, too!  Look no further...you found your girl!
5	Ashley at Bella Bronze of Las Vegas is absolutely amazing! I've always been a little skeptical about spray tans, but she totally proved me wrong. The color goes on evenly, it takes care of my terrible tan lines, and it gives me that natural sun-kissed look that everyone desires. It will not make you look orange or fake, and Ashley will give you all of the tips to help maintain your tan for as long as possible. The great thing about the spray tans is that they come in three different shades - light, medium, and dark, so you have a lot of flexibility in the kind of look that you want to achieve. Her prices are very affordable, and I recommend her to anyone who is looking for a spray tan!
5	Love Ashley! She is super precise and professional, I have been going to her for more than 1 year!
