5	WOW!  I really enjoyed dinner here.  The food, service, views - everything was fantastic.  A little on the expensive side, but average for a LV steakhouse.  I would definitely recommend this for a great dinner!
5	This is a great, old school steakhouse...made for a guy like Benny Binion.The glass elevator ride to the 25th(?) floor is almost worth the price of your meal, as are the views of Las Vegas from above Fremont Street once you are seated.  There is a dress code, but I don't think it's strictly enforced.  There was a piano player, which added to the ambiance.Now, on to the food.  I'm from an area where they know how to prepare a steak.  These steaks are outstanding, at least as good as anything I can get back home.  I had the Blue Cheese Steak, which was a NY Strip Steak with some melted cheese on top.  Very good.  Prices are fair.  I had a really positive experience and will be back.I was still wearing some blue cheese on my shirt when I got back to my room at the end of the night.  Oh well.
5	The service and ambience were excellent and the view was amazing.  The food was a great and the lobster bisque was very unique.
5	My brother first introduced me to the steak house at Binions a few years back, we ventured our way through the hotel and took an elevator up to what was labeled as "SH". On our way up suddenly we were greeted with a breathtaking view of the city as we gazed through the glass elevator. The waiter service is superb and the staff that work there have been there for some time, always nice to see friendly faces. The bartender pours great drinks, and they don't skimp out or water them down. Great pours. *****The place is where you would take a date, a darker atmosphere but mostly to enjoy the scenery of las vegas from the heights. However I come here with everyone and when we leave people are most satisfied . The food is great, the cuts are huge, the flavor is perfect and they cook to your desired perfection (although med. rare is the best ;)) Ask for their specials as they often mix things up to make the perfect meal and don't fill up on the bread! Although very good, its not worth filling up on when you have your food ahead of you.Make reservations, just call binions and ask for steakhouse reservations and plan for a nice evening, great views and great food.The sad news is the glass elevator is out of service, the equipment is so old they can't get it repaired and may have to put in a new one all together, but it would sure be worth it.
5	Cheap prime rib is the best! Good deal you get soup, salad, and delicious prime rib. The atmosphere is kinda old but it's a good exception because of where it's located.
5	I am very familiar with the steakhouse in Vegas.  This one is "up there" with Del Friscos, although the latter is fancier and more attentive. However, Binion's has a hidden jewel -- It's "old school" fancy, and as beautiful as the view is, a stop here is really about the food.  Every cut is virtually always bigger than it's supposed to be, so don't even bother with the bread.  The salads are fantastic.  Come to think of it, the bread is excellent, too.  But go easy on it.
4	This is Vegas as it was in it's beginnings. Rustic and charming with great steaks and a feel as if you could expect Frank, Dean and Sammy to walk through the place at any moment. I just loved the ambiance here and hated that our evening came to an end. The food, quality drinks, and excellent service were rivaled only by the fantastic view that is offered.  This was my first time at The Steakhouse but I am definitely putting it on my Vegas rotation list for great dining. I wanted to take the exterior glass elevator but it was closed down due to maintenance so I have to scratch one star. Pricey? YES. Worth it? OH HELL YES.
4	It's really cute in an old school type of way.  The food/steak is good, but I found my chocholate piano filled with fruit dessert to be the most memorable.
5	This is a great Old Fashioned High End Steak House on the second highest floor in the hotel, just below the pool. Great food and service, great view. Wonderful wine selection. Steak and all accompaniments were above excellent.
4	What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas right? But I have to share a secret with you and it's OK to tell your friends.  On nearly the top floor of the Binion's Casino and Hotel you can find a wonderful steak house in the heart of downtown Vegas.  Sure, you can go to another steak house du jour along the strip and be treated like a piece of meat or you can come here and enjoy one.When the elevator door opens on floor SH (Steak House), prepare to step into a time machine whisking you back to the early days of Vegas.  A maitre d', classic dark dimly lit decor and red vinyl booths will welcome you.  The Prime Rib was delicious and the Caesar salad was yummy.  My only suggestion for improvement was the dinner rolls were a bit dry.  Other then that, the Binion's Steakhouse was simply a classic experience and a nice way to escape the crowds.
5	This steakhouse ranks for me as part of what made my "best birthday ever" so great! I posted a picture of me sitting at the table while having my best birthday ever, too.The service was outstanding, from the bartender, to the maitre d. to the waiters. Absolutely pleased!The ambience was wonderful - I like subtle lighting while overlooking Las Vegas..Meal was delicious! I had the porterhouse steak with a loaded baked potato and veggies and I also ordered a bowl of the lobster bisque and a couple of Heinekens throughout.Everything was perfect on my visit. I highly recommend Binion's Steak House!
3	I'm giving this place a VERY generous 3 stars b/c of the view....it was really nice! =) And the music was great! They are lucky they had that going for them b/c the rest of it...not so good. My husband and I checked out the menu online before our trip and basically decided on what we were going to get. We also checked the dress code, which stated "business casual". I wore a dress (I NEVER wear dresses) and my husband wore a suit jacket and a nice button up shirt with nice slacks. We walked over to Binion's and finally found the correct elevator after asking a few employees, and made our way up to the top. No glass elevator. =(  Everything was going good thus far- the maitre d (this guy was wearing a ring on every finger, he looked like an old school mafia boss or pimp lol) seemed a little smug, but we were expecting that since this was supposed to be a nice place. In our reservations I stated that this was a special occasion and asked for a table by the windows if available. They accommodated us with this great table right next to the windows, kind of off by ourselves. Great view, great music, no one directly next to us, everything was perfect so far. Our waiter started off great, but we didn't actually see him for the rest of our meal until he brought the check - more on that in a second. I ordered the petite filet and my husband ordered the chicken fried lobster, since they are supposed to be famous for it. Remember me saying we had looked at the menu beforehand? Well they need to update their menu prices online. Everything was like $10 to $20 more on their actual menu than they had quoted online. I know inflation happens, but come on...update your website! Money wasn't an object, but still, UPDATE.A few minutes after ordering, a loud table of 4 was seated right next to us....there were a ton of open tables a few feet away, why couldn't they have gone over there?! They were not busy so I don't think it would have been an issue for our section's waiter to walk an extra 4 feet. Anyway, the loud table was sat next to us and they were all dressed in motorcycle tshirts and old jeans, with baseball hats. I noticed a few more tables coming in with ratty looking tshirts and holey jeans. I think we were the only table dressed up! I am not a snob, people can wear whatever they want, but I put on a dress and heels b/c it was supposed to be business casual, so I think they could have come in with a freaking polo shirt on or something! And the snobby maitre d didn't say anything....maybe they tipped him, who knows. Ok, so the loud table next to us all ordered water, and they managed to get better service from the wait staff than we did - we ordered drinks. I heard what they ordered (how could I not) and our 2 person check was going to be more than their 4 person check, and our waiter was kissing their asses. As I said before, we only saw our waiter when he took our order and when he dropped off the check. We didn't get a refill until my husband tried to refill his water himself (they had giant bottles of water sitting off to the side) and out of the 3 waiters / workers we saw walking around, no one asked how our meal was. They sure as hell asked the table next to us how everything was, multiple times. On the the food: the filet was burnt...charred severely. I asked for medium, not black. It didn't even taste like a filet, I think they gave me the  scraps from someone else's steak. The potatoes were the best thing on my plate sadly. The house salad was drenched in dressing, which would normally we fine, but there was so much that I couldn't finish it. My husband got the caesar and he seemed to enjoy it. His chicken fried lobster was gross. We've both had better fried seafood from Long John Silvers or Red Lobster. The lobster itself was just not good. My husband will usually push through something he doesn't like, b/c he's paying for it, but he wouldn't even finish this dish.  I told him to send it back, but we would have had to see a waiter for that to have even happened. 20 or so minutes went by with us sitting there waiting for a waiter to come back to ask how our meal was. Neither of us had touched very much on our plates, that should have been a sign to the wait staff that something was wrong. Clue number 2 would have been us looking around for someone that worked there. I'm serious, if the mafia looking maitre d had not been outside we would have dined and dashed, it was that bad. We stayed and paid, and gave a fair tip (even though we shouldn't have given our waiter anything b/c he didn't DO anything) and on our way out we passed 2 employees and the maitre d....no one said 'thanks for coming in', 'enjoy your night', 'kiss my ass'....nothing. We will not be back. I am big on service and this place SUCKED big time.
3	Went here because of Yelp reviews - they were overrated. Steak was decent, service was ok but NOT 4 or 5 star!I found the older male wait staff/maitre de stuffy and unfriendly.  We were a group of eight and came to have fun but they were pretentious. Try somewhere else!
1	Visit: 5/13/09 - Dinner.  Ate the Prime rib, porterhouse and onion soup.Onion Soup was watery.  No onion taste at all.  The cheese on top was good.  The soup came cold.House Salad had rasberry dressing that was too sweet.  Tasted like frosting instead of dressing.Prime rib was good.  The portion was big, but the meat tasted old.  I am not a beef expert, but maybe oldness came from aging the prime rib longer than most places for better taste.Porterhouse was good.  Pretty dry for a medium rare piece.Service was bad.  They put a bottle of water down on the table and expect you to pour it out by yourself.  We also asked them to have a seat next to the window and they said that the tables were all reserved.  There were only 3 other couples in the whole restaurant.  They were just being lazy donkeys.Prices were very high.  For the taste of the food, not worth $40 for prime rib.I would not come back here.  Not worth it.
4	My friend spoke of only one thing over and over again in Vegas, and that was this restaurant.  We finally get around to it on our last night there, and it was worth it.The first thing that stands out is the genuine service.  No force pleasantries or idle chatter.  When they come up to your table to check on you, you get a quick question and a nod and then they're on their way to leave you alone.  They've been there a long time and they know what they're doing.The second thing that stands out is the great food.  For starters I had the shrimp scampi - jumbo shrimp in a garlicy wine sauce that mopped up with my bread.  The rest of the table each got the lobster bisque, which was pretty much devoured after a few minutes.I ordered the rack of lamb, which was tender and flavorful.  The ribeyes my friends got looked and tasted fantastic.  There was really nothing on our plates that didn't get eaten - including the mystery vegetable that everyone asks about.For the miscellaneous, the view from the top floor is great at night, being at one of the highest spots in downtown Las Vegas.  The value is decent - you'll get full for your money.  I really didn't think this place would match up with Hugu's Cellar (which I really enjoyed), but it surpassed my expectations.
5	Oh what a night! First of all, we dined at the Binion's steakhouse because my husband had been there 7 years prior and had wanted to return ever since. This is the quintessential old school steakhouse! We were a party of 6 and got and awesome swank booth with an even swanker view! Lucky for us nobody else seems to know about the place- we practically had a wing to ourselves.  I started with the escargot- WOW!!! Never thought a crawly thing could be such a butterlicious thing of delight! Could have eaten 'em all night. Unlike the previous poster I thought that the french onion soup was amazing- not to salty, thick with onions and the crispy cheese was PERFECTO. They also let me "build-a-salad" and create a combo to my specks that was not on the menu.  Hubby got the king crab w/ drawn butter, good, but save your $$$ and get them at the Wynn buffet- Binion's is all 'bout the steak.  Unlike many an "upscale" restaurant, the portions generous, as in take it home, rather than tiny, as in pass the bread basket. Refreshing for a gal that likes to eat. Maitre D was amazingly fun, bought us all after dinner drinks and desserts. We shut the place down and were feelin' real good afterwards. The perfect Vegas experience. I will remember this place always and look forward to returning!
4	Binion's Ranch is a genuine time capsule--a classic American steakhouse seemingly untouched since about 1986. The interior is dark and leathery, with Kenny G playing softly in the background. Bowtie-clad waiters circulate swiftly around the booths, carrying ponderous trays of beef and crab. The regulars, rolling in from the casino, gobble down plates of porterhouse and New York steak, accented by an occasional "forget about it!"I agree with previous reviewers that there's no "forced pleasantries" here. In fact, the service was remarkably East Coast: alert, efficient and perhaps even a tad brusque for porcine suburbanites who like their egos stroked. But that suits me just fine. The Binion's Ranch "experience" is meat+view+butter. Not too shabby. On a recent visit here, I shared an appetizer of Oysters Rockefeller, king crab legs with petit filet and a chicken fried lobster tail. All the dishes were about as good as the environs suggest...not an epic meal, but certainly quality ingredients and reliable preparation. In terms of price, its definitely not cheap, topping out at nearly $80 a head, but I think its probably worth it. Just enjoy the ostentatious platters and get carried away by the soprano sax.
4	Took my wife this weekend for dinner. She had never been, I've been 3 or 4 times.We were a little early, but they sat us right away by a window with a great view. Service was excellent. I'm not sure why some people had trouble, I've never had an issue with the service here.I had a shrimp cocktail and my wife had the lobster bisque. Both were very good, my shrimp wasn't mushy like some other places, and they give you a little plate with horseradish, crackers, etc.  My wife loved her bisque.I got the NY wih peppercorn sauce,  my wife got swordfish. The steak wsa excellent, cooked exactly medium rare, and very juicy. Not the best steak ever, but very very good. My wife said her fish was cooked very well, not dried out like it can be sometimes.Overall, I really like this place. It's a throwback, but I hope they never change it!
4	After reading about this restaurant, we decided to try it, as we were staying downtown.    The glass elevator was closed, so we had to use the hotel elevator.....which was the all time worse elevator i have ever been in, in Las Vegas.....WTF?  Restaurant was very old school atmosphere, dark, homey, booths, etc.  View was gorgeous.  Had salad, new york steak, and it was very good, no complaints.  Cheesecake for desert was excellent.  The only lousy thing, was the service, as our waiter disappeared after we ordered.  A friend joined us and we needed to add another salad, and had to end up asking for our waiter 2 times before being accomodated.  Initially we had given up, as my husband went in to the bar to get a glass of wine for our friend, as we had no service at the table....strange.I would return for the view, and the food was decent, not spectacular.
5	Excellent.  The atmosphere is great! It kind of reminds me of the signature room at the Hancock in Chicago, however the food at Binion's is much better.  It is a great place for a date!  My girlfriend and I were there and had a great time.  The service was excellent and very friendly.  OUr appitizers included escargot and oysters rockefeller.  The escargot was indeed good, but I have had better, the oysters Rcokefeller were some of the best I've had!As for dinner I ordered the prime rib and she had the ribeye.  Both were amazing especially my prime-rib!  All of the meat here is prime choice, the best, unlike most steakhouses today.  The prime-rib was the best I've had or at least tied with the best I've had from a place I ate at years ago in WI, but that place is long gone, so I guess Binion's holds the title alone.  OUr creme' brulee desert was done perfect and I highly recomend it.  Go there hungry yelpers, I thought the place was great, and I have to put it as one of my favorite steakhouses in Vegas.
4	Excellent steak!! Absolutely the best steak I've ever had in Vegas.Top floor of Binion's casino and had great views looking south towards the strip. First time I've been in downtown vegas in 10 years and I will be back.
5	Wearing sport coats and strolling through Binion's casino you'll feel like Mikey and Trent from "Swingers" when they hit the dowdy Stardust.   But once the glass elevator lets you out up top you'll be money, baby, and you won't even know it.  This is a classy, quiet place where you kick it old school without having to shout over bachelorette parties or re-mixed Kraftwerk.  I enjoyed the lights of the city, the prime rib and the most generous bourbon pour in Vegas.  Going there is the right thing to do, like doubling down on eleven.
4	The view was great.  It was late at night and we got a corner table looking over the east and north side.  Not to mention the glass elevator ride made me feel like Willy Wonka.  Service was excellent.  Very professional and attentive. My boyfriend ordered a Benny's cut prime rib and it was undoubtedly the biggest piece of flesh I have ever seen served.  I had the NY strip which was seasoned perfectly.  The Pinot we chose was the cheapest one---40 bucks.  And it was bitter.  But that is no fault of this fantastic Steak house.
3	We had the Salmon, and Fillet. Both very delicious.  Did not have a reservation. Had to wait 30 minutes. Then for whatever reason, restaurants want to put us in the corner of the room. They must think we are celebs that want privacy. Service was a little slow, but johnny on the spot when picking up the signed check. Still a decent view from the 24th floor. I would go again.
5	They have the BEST prime rib in Las Vegas!! i am salivating as I write..it was soo tender, juicy and so tasteful. Your tastebuds will thank you :)
3	Yeah, it was okay. Probably won't go out of my way to get back here though. The goods: The view was great. Our party was seated in a corner so the two views were even better. The decor is great, a real old school throw back feel. Hmm, what else, that's about it. The lobster bisque was fabulous. The not so goods: The service was just weird. One minute there are three staff huddled around the table, 20 minutes later they're completely disappeared. I had the Chicken Fried Lobster. Obviously this sounds really good...but it just tasted like chicken. It resembled one very large chicken nugget but without the hot mustard. I could have saved an awful lot of money by going to McDonald's instead. Girlfriend had a steak and forgot to order any sort of sauce on it. It really didn't taste like much. I was pretty glad that it didn't show up on my plate. Not really sure why I'm giving the 3 stars. I guess we had a good time and that's really what it's all about. Overall I'd say save your money if you're on Fremont Street and go to Mermaid's for a fried Twinkie and a hot dog. Oh and don't park in the Binion's garage, what a fiasco!
2	This is definitely old school vegas with a view.  Unfortunately as with most relics, the food also reflects the age, and not in a good way.If you are looking for old vegas charm with an okay meal, I think the nostalgia and view of this place will win you over.  For me, the meal and service was far lacking to make up for the setting to make it an enjoyable experience.The Binon's Horseshoe casino has definitely changed since the 90s when I remember being here last.  No more dark and smoky rooms (and I mean thick layers of smoke visible in the lower atmosphere).  There's much more color and updated lighting.  But once you step into that glass elevator to the 24th floor it's like your own private time machine.  Especially since there is no AC, your on the outside of the building facing south, and you age whole 10 years by the time you reach the top...Your greeted by "Vinny" and the first thing you noticed that every one working was male (at least that night), definitely old school "Mob supper club" feel.The view is not to shabby, little bit of downtown drab but you can see clear to the strip.The service wasn't that exciting and I cautiously opted for the Chicken Fried Lobster.  I figured you can't go wrong with Lobster and frying it just seemed right.  I think if they fried it in butter it might have been better but this dish just didn't do it for me, the breading just seemed to mask the flavor too much and they even served it along side a dipping sauce, which was too over powering on it's own.Others in our group went for the Steak which was ok,  The quality of the cut was better than what you get at Outback and you could definitely tell it was grilled over a good quality fire but it was lacking something.I'd return if someone wanted an old school Vegas experience but unlikely to return for the food alone.
1	The reason why I wanted to try this place was because my co-worker ranted and raved about the chicken fried lobster and the steak with blue cheese... uh big mistake.  My husband and I  went on Mother's day with my mother-in-law, sis-in-law and her boyfriend.  The lobster was rubbery and fishy tasting, the steak uh I can make better steak and top it with blue cheese.  I felt so embarrassed for recommending this place, especially for Mother's day.  So not worth it, there are so many better steakhouses in Vegas.
4	I went here with a large group for a friends birthday. I have to say that I was impressed. I had the lamb chops and they were excellent. The view is great. I can't believe that the place was not as crowded on a Friday night. Go and have an excellent time.
4	This is a quintessential old school Vegas steakhouse. They've renovated the interior but the charm is the same.I decided to try this place out because I was curious about the Chicken Fried Lobster on the menu. How can you not try that once? I've been back several times since, taking friends and dates and never had a bad experience with the restaurant.The Lobster is definitely a must try, I've never had an instance of it overcooked or over breaded.  If you're looking for a good appetizer, the crab assortment is quite good too.  Desserts vary, last time I was there we had a cobbler with an Irish Cream Creme Anglaise - so good.You have a main server and an assistant who is attentive without being intrusive. I've also had dinner here on Fourth of July. You could see the fireworks down the strip and around the valley.  Great place to watch them for sure.
4	Oh yeah!  Classic, old Vegas. Steaks are killer. Service is top notch. Atmosphere is quintessential. Is that the Rat Pack yucking it up in the corner? Honestly, this is an honest to gosh steakhouse the way they are meant to be tucked on the top floor of a downtown icon. Bring your camera. Binions has the best view of Vegas.
4	We headed by bus to downtown Vegas to get away from the hustle and bustle of the strip, and we were not disappointed. I liked the feel of all of downtown Vegas as being more 'real,' and Binion's was a perfect venue for dinner. After all the flashing lights, the dimly lit and romantic Binion's was a welcome respite. The waiter who helped us definitely knew his stuff, and seemed to enjoy what he was doing (hey, it makes a difference!).I had the filet and my husband had the prime rib, and everything was enjoyable. Since we weren't drinking, we decided to treat ourselves to dessert. I always love creme brulee, and Binion's was delicious.Overall, the experience and atmosphere was soothing. The food was good - not spectacular, but definitely good enough to return if we were closer. Since we're not, we may try something else next time we're in town just for variety, but we'd recommend Binion's to anyone looking to dine in downtown Las Vegas as well.
4	We might be the first couple ever to go from a blowout night at Joel Robuchon to the next night at Binion's. We loved it. Two manhattans apiece and all the nostalgia and cow we could handle in one night was a true bargain. The setting, overlooking the strip from atop Binion's downtown, is fantastic - use the glass elevator to get there! The restaurant, with dark wood paneling and lots of burgundy accents, conjures up a steakhouse atmosphere that I didn't think existed anymore. But this is no working theme park; the kitchen knows what it's doing for the most part. Service is friendly, efficient and professional. The food exceeded (admittedly low) expectations. My husband got the escargot to start, and they were well made in a very traditional garlic-herb butter. The salads were nice. Of course, being a steakhouse, beef is the star here, and Binion's delivered. My extra-rare filet was perfectly cooked and richly flavorful while my husband's rare ribeye was nicely seared and very tasty. It wasn't the very best steaks we've had, but it was very good indeed. The beef had that nice depth that Western beef seems to have. The only quibble with the meat is that it was underseasoned - we needed both the salt and pepper shakers on the table. The sides were a bit pedestrian; my husband's loaded baked potato was particularly clumsy but the vegetables were cooked properly. This is the place where time stood still, and we're grateful for that. It's a taste of old Vegas.
4	Staying downtown on Fremont Street last weekend we decided to eat at Binion's Steakhouse. It sits at the top of the hotel and affords a very nice view of the city of Las Vegas. We went during the sunset. The decor was dark and classic Vegas. With the old hotels surrounding it is a Las Vegas time machine up there. The maitre'd and the waitstaff were accommodating and professional. We ordered Oysters Rockefeller. They were small and cooked well, with a little crust so to speak. Which was a nice difference from the ways I have had them before. I had a filet and king crab legs. The steak was cooked to order and the crab was split open nicely and tasted perfect. The sides were just fine. The wine list was affordable and ample. I thought this was a great choice for a downtown steak place. Especially for those interested in vintage Las Vegas. Make sure to see the million dollars the have on display in the lobby.
3	I agree with most of the reviews that Binion's is old school vegas steakhouse atmosphere. Great view, dark and classic.  Waiters were accommodating and professional.  Food was okay, good not great.  We had the ribeye and new york.  Both were cooked to what we ordered but was tough and the new york was on the thin side.  The crab cakes had a lot of bread crumbs and was ok.  The ahi tuna appetizer was sent back because the tuna was cooked all the way.  They did replace it with tuna that was pink in the middle.  Not impressed.  The french onion soup was the done well but the lobster bisque was on the watery side but had large chunks of lobster in the soup.  A little pricey for the quality of food, must be paying for the view.
5	This restaurant located on the 24th floor, offers the most spectaclur view of the Las Vegas Valley....with its vintage decor, romance is in the air.....I made a reservation and was seated in the corner , so I had an almost 270 degree viewing angle, of the lights, buildings and mountains.....( there was also  a full moon, which was another plus, but not on the menu.)...I had the house salad with the house dressing , which was a raspberry Vinaigrette...all I can say is wow.....I also had the filet mignon, with a loaded baked potato (choice)...the decor and the food blended together, into an excellent dining experience....whenever you are in Las Vegas....ya gotta go downtown to Binion's....
1	I went here for a coworker's birthday and was highly disappointed. The other reviews on the restaurant were great so my expectations were a little high. The ambiance of the restaurant is fantastic with the spectacular views but the food and service left much to be desired. I work in the service industry so tend to be a little less critical but I was incredibly disappointed in Binions. While our group was sitting down, one member (who happened to be visiting from another country) stood next to the window to take pictures and our server hovered over our table trying to take drink orders. He was clearly annoyed because she wasn't paying attention and he had to wait. We were there around 8:30 and there were maybe 3 other couples in the restaurant so it's not like he was that busy...I don't quite understand why he didn't step away and give us a few minutes to settle in before taking drink orders.Now on to the food...I don't eat red meat so I can't speak for the steak but the seafood was awful. I'm from Seattle so have a taste for good, fresh fish and this restaurant did not have it. I ordered the seared ahi tuna and when the plate was set down in front of me, the first thing I saw was two slabs of gray meat. I kid you not, it looked like liver. Unfortunately for me it tasted as bad as it looked: dry and bland. And the sauce they chose? Yeah...it did not compliment it at all. The garlic mashed potatoes were okay but didn't hold a candle to The Keg's. Maybe it was an off night for Binion's but this was my first impression and with that being said, I'll never go back. The way I see it, they should treat every customer's experience like it's their first and "wow" them so they'll come back. Unfortunately, I was not "wow'd" and don't plan on visiting Binon's again.
4	A solid 4 stars.....This is old style Las Vegas, just what I go for! I took my family to this restaurant the last time I was in Las Vegas and we all really loved it. We all pretty much ordered the same thing too so I can only comment on that. It was the Steak Diane and it was absolutely perfect. I will definitely visit this place again on  my next visit. The restaurant is a bit dark but has spectacular views of the city and I really liked it along with my wife. This place was pricey but I'll give you a great tip - I highly recommend getting the American Casino Guide as they have a very good coupon in this book for a % off of your meal. You can find the American Casino Guide on ebay and they'll save you a bunch of money on a variety of things in Vegas.Highly recommend as a great Steak House in Vegas.
5	Old school steakhouse with great views and friendly service.  Lobster bisque and steaks excellent.  Quiet, relaxing,  pleasant.   Get there 10 mins before sundown and watch the city slowly light up.
5	I absolutely loved Binions. My friend was having a major jonsing for a good steak and we were looking for a place that was a little more reasonable then some of the Ruth Chris type places that are located all over the strip. Decided to try Fremont since we planned on hanging there later that night. I thought back to "The Hungry Detective" on the Food Network and remembered him going here. Binions was a place I was also wanting to try for a long time. We arrived and there was no wait. We were seated right by a window with a fabulous view of the strip and Fremont. You can't get that view at too many places. The atmosphere was kinda cool, like an old school steak house where Frank SInatra and all the old schoolers would have hanged back in the day. Our waiter was terrific also, very attentive and friendly.Now on to the food, the only complaint is that there were no appetizers that didn't have seafood in them it seemed. My friend is not a fan of seafood and so she was kinda bummed. We both ordered the petite filet mignon with garlic mashed potatoes and green beans. Since the menu said you could choose sauces, we figured why not and I chose the Bearnaise and she chose the peppercorn. I was actually very pleased that I could add on a sauce because I honestly don't like to have a steak without some kinda sauce. I love Bearnaise on steak but when I really don't feel like making it, I will just use BBQ sauce. Weird I know, but I have been eating it this way since I was a little girl. I guess when it boils down to it, I am not a huge steak person. I do like a good cut of meat but I never get super excited about it. Anyways, the filet was actually significantly larger than I expected. Honestly, it was the best steak I have ever had in my life! Like I said, not usually a huge steak person so I normally will only eat about half of a filet. However, I ate the entire steak presented to me along with the potatoes which were silky smooth and very flavorful/ well seasoned and the entire bunch of perfectly cooked green beans. My friend hates veggies but she continued to eat the green beans saying that she liked them alot. Did I mention that I ordered my steak medium and this was the first place I have ever been too that cooked it exactly medium? Every other place I have been doesn't know how to cook a steak but this is the exception. The Bernaise was delicious and my friend loved the peppercorn sauce, but honestly, the steaks didn't need the sauces. The meat could hold up on its own (Gosh, never thought I would be saying that!). Everything from the bread to the meal to the bottle of white zin we ordered was so fabulous that we felt that dessert needed to be ordered, no option, it had to be done! So we ordered the tiramisu to split. Its hard to find a good tiramisu where you can really taste the coffee. This was not only a good tiramisu, it was a great tiramisu. Perfectly moist and had very much the coffee flavor you expect. Needless to say, we walked away not only feeling satisfied but extremely giddy about the meal we had just devoured. Binions is terrific in every aspect of the word: Great value for Vegas (how many other upscale steakhouses in Vegas give you fresh hot bread, bottled water, steak, potato and veggie for an affordable price?), great ambiance, and absolutely amazing food! The next trip to Vegas will definitely include a dinner at Binions!PS: When looking for parking, there is a parking garage where Binions will Validate for up to 3 hours I believe and it is under the hotel if I remember right. When entering the hotel, I would recommend going onto Fremont Street and entering from there. Otherwise, you will walk into a nearly empty poker room that is just depressing and pathetic. That happened to us. It was literally one of those moments where you open the door and everyone stairs at you. Kinda Freaky. I remember thinking that Binions must have really lost its appeal and had hardly any clientele, however, I realized that the other side closest to Fremont street is actually the jumpin part.    ;)One final thing, someone was celebrating a birfday in the next room, and a group was singing Happy Birthday to them. It was the most depressing Happy Birthday I have ever heard. Everyone singing sounded like they wanted to die. Now I am not sure if that was the waitstaff or just the group at the table but it was the most pathetic rendition of Happy Birthday I have ever heard. if that was the waitstaff, they should be ashamed of themselves and step up their games. It was so bad that all the other tables around us including us were all making wisecracks about it. Haha
5	My boyfriend and I wanted some GOOD steak, so we found Binion's on Yelp and decided to give it a try. Turns out this place is AMAZING! We got there kinda late so it was pretty dead, but that didnt matter. All the employees were super nice and friendly. At first when you walk in this place looks like somehting from back in the day that my grand parents would hang out at! Decor was a little creepy and old, but whatever, the food def made up for it! I had the prime rib and WOW... that was perfection! I swear the beef melted in my mouth. :) The view is really great also, you get a good view of downtown vegas (fremont street) and the strip!! The elevator ride up is a little scary, I am afraid of heights and the elevator is made of glass!! If you are looking for a good steak, and you like something old fashioned with some SInatra in the backround, this is the place for you! Also super romantic! ;) Just dont eat too much, we ate around 10pm and we had planned to go out that night, but when we got back to the hotel so we could change our clothes, i made the mistake of lying down and didnt wake up till the next morning!! Lol! There went our Saturday night in Vegas! Lol food coma!
1	I'm sure Bininos Steak House was a great place back in the '80s but this establishment is way past its prime. Granted Binions has become that place to go at least once if you're in downtown Vegas, mainly because of what it used to be and not so much of what it is now. Of course the glass elevator taking you up is nice way to start the evening. Then the view is very cool at night. The restaurant it self is very dark and your typical old school steak house...dark woods, deep read banquets and carpet, and white table cloth. The standard steak house starter, lobster bisque, had a decent flavor, but was gritty and the lobster meat was tough. This bisque definitely missed the sieve. The medium rare rib eye was perfectly cooked and I wish I could say the same for the flavor. The steak had zero seasoning. Although a juicy cut of meat, it lacked complete flavor. To top it off it had zero char. It appeared as if the steak was cooked on a backyard grill you bought at the grocery store. The Cabernet sauce was an attempt to add flavor, but the artificial taste from the sauce did not help much. As for the sides, it did not get much better. The beans were obviously frozen and not fresh, and the roasted potatoes were mushy. There was not much that could save this sad plate of food. Desert was a last chance to have a decent bite in the restaurant but the creme brulee, although cooked very well, tasted more like eggs than sweet vanilla. Service was awkward and inconsistent. I can now say that I have been to the top of Binions but I sure won't be returning.
4	Chix Fried Lobster! That's right! Absolutely delicious! My husband didn't believe me, but guess who is a fan now?!?!?! This place always delivers. Food, service and ambiance all rolled into one. This is one of our favorite "date night" restaurants.
4	I believe the ghosts of the Rat Pack are inside this place.   The nugget rings and the sharkskin suit on the first guy I saw confirmed it.  Great view, great atmosphere, HUGE portions.  I love that they tote that they serve bottled water only.  Makes you wonder.  The maitre'D was the best part of our night.  He was kind and accommodating when we had a few surprise guests.  He told us so much history of Vegas, we almost forgot to grab our table.  The food was excellent, but unfortunately all of us left with over half filled plates.    The atmosphere is nice and quiet, and would have been sort of romantic if my co-workers weren't with me.  But another day, I'll get me a sugar daddy and get him to take me.
4	Binion's Steakhouse is located in downtown Las Vegas at the top of their building. Too much history to even begin to get into, but suffice to say, this is "old Vegas." People that gamble, drink and eat downtown are treated to a more friendly side of the town where it is not all about being looked at as walking revenue. Here, you are treated with respect and appreciation as soon as you enter. Make no mistake, there is nothing real fancy about Binions. It was never intended to be plush and opulent. It's ambiance is for those of us that enjoy an atmosphere of days gone past. It's a saloon, gambling hall, and features a terrific steakhouse and coffee shop. Note: back in the 70's, steaks with all the trimmings were $2.00 after midnight ! Ahhh, the good old days...The menu is very straightforward and offers (predictably) a larger selection of steaks and chops than other restaurants owned or managed by name recognized chefs. The food is good, the service is good, and the views of the strip or downtown only add to the experience. Should you ever have a problem, mention the issue to your server, or the manager, and I am positive that they will correct the problem. Having dined there many times over the last 26-years, I have never encountered a single issue with food or service. Not once.This is not an award winning restaurant. So, if you are looking to dress to the absolute nines, and spend $500 on dinner with your date, you can find a lot of those places on the strip that will accommodate you. At Binion's Steakhouse, you are going to get a good meal, and not over pay either. Visit the bar too. The bartenders and wait staff are friendly enough to chat with you. They pour some good whiskey too! And, by the way, Binion's has a respectable wine menu that is also priced fair.In Las Vegas, there are a lot of steakhouses.  Binion's offers good food, fairly priced, in an adult atmosphere. If you are a steak lover, give Binion's a try.
1	Let me preface this review by saying I have been to Binion's before a few years ago.  The food was great, the service excellent and the ambiance was awesome.I decided to return there with my parents (whom have never been to Vegas before) AND on Thanksgiving night for the same experience and it was AWFUL!!!!!Our server (Michael) was devoid of any emotion and seemed like he was incredibly unhappy to be working there (or Thanksgiving night perhaps).  When taking our order, he appeared to be less than enthused that we were there (of which not many people were).  When our food came, he served my mother (the only lady at the table) last.  Having worked as a server myself (and having genuine respect/manners), I know that lady should be served first.  I was kind of surprised - especially for being a high-priced restaurant.I ordered the 10oz filet mignon  - medium rare (which is what I had last time). When I got it, the first inch and a half were incredibly well done - some pink in the middle.  It was soooooooooo dry!  I couldn't believe it!  $41 for this?   Now I'm not one to usually complain about my food and I can't tell you the last time I sent something back (15 yrs ago maybe?).  I sent it back and the next one they brought out was pink so I thought it was fine.  Towards the middle it was red/purple.  It went from dry to practically still alive!  I don't get it!!!!  This place was incredible when I was there last and for a steakhouse (and at their price point) you would think they could handle a medium rare filet.My partner had the prime rib which was  an incredibly thick piece of meat, but really fatty.I was given a complimentary slice of pumpkin cheesecake for my "wait" for my second steak which was ok.The only redeeming quality was Jorge the bus guy who worked his ass off and did considerably more work and was more engaging than our server.What a huge disappointment for my parent's first dinner in Vegas (ever) and for our Thanksgiving dinner.
4	This steakhouse is like one of those hoary old ex-burlesque stars you see tarting around Vegas. Just like Dixie Evans and Blaze Starr, Binion's Steakhouse remains willfully oblivious to things like age, fashion and gravity -- what worked in 1960 is still fiiiiiiiiine up here. And what that means for you, steakhouse researcher, is a chance at having dinner in a fabulous time capsule! I'm not a huge meat eater; to me, steak is steak. Horse, cow, whatever. I've eaten at Binion's a handful of times, most recently last night; the food quality is fine, but nothing exciting -- old-timey steakhouse fare at reasonably reasonable prices ($35 for an 8oz filet). But the atmosphere is faaaaaaan-tastic! To get here, you have to take an old-timey elevator that looks like it's from the set of Kenny Rogers's "The Gambler" to the tippy-top floor. Then you emerge into a dark, clubby room with dingy red velvet wallpaper and floor-to-ceiling windows looking out over Vegas. Very cool!But the best part is the maitre'd, who can best be described as Larry Flynt meets Liberace! No fewer than 3 gold rings on EACH FINGER, mock turtleneck under vintage 1990 sportcoat, blonde pompadour, and a manner that is somehow both cloyingly obsequious and totally disinterested, all at once. I don't know his name, but this guy is without question one of the baddest-ass relics of Vegas! As mentioned, I'm not a big meat eater. But I *AM* a big boozer, and I was shocked and appalled to discover that they do not serve Campari up here. WTF! For that, they only get 4 stars.
5	Amazing! This steak house is a classic Vegas stop.  You can't help but feel the old school vibe when exiting the glass elevator on the 24th floor. This overlooks the entire city, and although you can't see the strip you can see all the lights and the valley. This is a romantic place you can take your significant other. The service is old school also.  The booths are beautiful and it makes you think who sat here fifty years ago.  The vibe is old fashion Vegas, so it takes a little bit longer to eat, but it is well worth it. If you are not looking to eat the bar is great also, they have four dollar beers and you can still sit back and enjoy the vibe and views of this historical spot.  The bartender Kevin has been there for thirty years, he is a tough egg to crack at first, but once you do the stories will keep you there all night. This is a Vegas must!
5	I absolutely love this place!  It's a classic, old school Vegas style steakhouse from top to bottom.We went with a group of 8 guys (we were in town for a bachelor party).  Right as you get off the elevator you can tell just how cool this place is.  The host greeted us as we stepped off and seated us at a perfect table.  It was right by a window, and from the 24th floor you can see all of Vegas all lit up at night.The waiter joined us shortly after we sat down and took our cocktail order and gave us some explanations of different wines he recommended.  He was very knowledgeable and very polite.  The staff really adds to the cool factor, going back to the old school feel of the place.The steaks (and meals as a whole) were all perfect.If you're in Vegas and want, not only a AMAZING meal but also, a true feel of how classy & cool Vegas used to be (and in this case still is) Binion's is an absolute must!
4	Great old fashion steakhouse.   The atmosphere is very old school Vegas which is kind of refreshing.   The view is obviously great from the 24th floor.   The crowd is a bit older as well but that is expected in downtown Vegas.   Menu is pretty basic and what you expect steak, seafood, wedge salad, etc.Steaks are well seasoned and perfectly cooked.  Price is reasonable for the quality cut of meat that you get.
5	We went to Vegas for my bday celebration and my brother in law did the research on steak/seafood restaurants.  We chose between Binion's an another establishment that was supposed to be good and a little pricey.  We chose Binion's because of the view the reviews spoke about.  We truly enjoyed our visit here and will go back in a heart beat.  We had the best waiter (can't remember his name now, but he paced the meal just right and offered suggestions when needed).  The food was phenomenal - lobster bisque had chunks of lobster and was the right temperature.  My husband and brother in law ordered steaks and they both left with half of their steak not eaten.  The portions are large and the food was cooked to perfection.  I ordered the dungeness crab legs and they came sliced so I didn't have to get all messy - also came with drawn butter - I couldn't even finish all of the crab because I had to save room for the dessert.The only negative is that my brother in law specifically asked for a nice view so we could celebrate in style and we had the view of a wire fence and building - not quite what we were hoping for.
5	When you come to Las Vegas, you have to check out the Classic Vegas strip,  and it wouldn't be complete without dinner at Binions.  This place is so incredible, that I don't even know where to start.  The whole setting is amazing, with beauitful sweeping views.  The staff and service, impeccible.  Everything is old school, and although you don't have to dress to the nine's, you will want to, because it just adds to the over all experience.I had the prime rib - which seriously, was bigger than my plate.  My potatoe and veggies had to come on a separate plate.  My Martini was perfect.  The winelist well rounded.I cannot wait for my next trip to Vegas, just so I can come to Binions.  PS - they are part of the Tix4tonight promos, so you can get dinner and a show at a discount!  Score!
5	One of Las Vegas's best kept secrets!This place is NOT for everyone, so Donkey tourists and jack ass belligerent people that have no class or self respect please......STAY AWAY!  This is the BEST prime rib you will ever have, it gives "Lawry's" a run for the money.Located at the top of historic Binion's Horseshoe Casino, this place is truly old school and is literally the LAST of the old Vegas restaurants.  When this place finally goes, I am through with Sin City forever (Vegas was only good when the mob ran it) Those that have no fear of heights should take the old, creaky, wooden elevator surrounded by glass up to the steakhouse, it is a great view of Las Vegas and has room for only 4 people.  During the beautiful but scary ride, one will only be thinking, "God I hope I don't get stuck in the elevator or that I don't plummet to my death".Once inside, the restaurant is darkly light, supplies a beautiful panoramic view of Las Vegas and is decorated with classic red booths.  One will feel as if they are in a mobster film and are about to be "whacked".  On to the food, the dish to get is by far the prime rib!  Their prime rib is out of this world delicious and is consistently amazing!  There are 2 cuts of prime rib to choose from: The "Benny's Cut" (Named after owner Benny Binion) is a GIGANTIC cut of meat the size of a toilet seat.  The other cut is smaller but still a dinosaur chop!  Your prime rib will come with a choice of sides, I highly recommend the garlic mashed potatoes.  For those who are not ham hockers and want to eat a civilized size meal, I recommend the lobster tail.  This tail is one of the best I have ever had and I usually will add it to my prime rib to complete my meal.  They claim the tails are only about 8 oz. but they are always wrong, they are so large they are a meal on their own.  They have a good wine list and full bar so no need to worry about finding the right drink to compliment your dining experience.The staff are all old school and have probably been there since the beginning but this is a GOOD thing.  Being an avid Poker player I always like to hear the stories of the greatest Poker players of our time, as they have all dined here at one time or another.  Players that include Stu (The Kid) Unger, Doyle Brunson, and Johnny Moss.  When Binions owned the WSOP, it was a tradition that the winner each year was comped his meal here in the steakhouse after the week long tournament finally ended. The bottom line is this place not only has a lot of history, but also still delivers an amazing meal every night.  It is one of Las Vegas's best kept secrets for a reason and will continue to be at the top of my list for Vegas restaurants until it closes.  Enjoy!
5	3 words: OH MY GODWe came to this place dressed like dirtbags, tired from walking and not looking like we had money.. but you know what?  The first thing that happened was we were greeted like we owned the place.  Right from the minute we got there, the staff was courteous, respectful and very helpful.  The place is as classy as it gets, definitely every bit the luxurous joint it puts itself out to be.  Awesome view of the city, great lighting and the staff were dressed very nice.The food..... What can I say?  This food was very spendy.. But worth every single dollar.  The meal was absolutely delicious.. Definitely something I will not forget. My wife and I spent quite a bit of time there even after we ate, talking with the waiter and getting our picture taken.If you come to Las Vegas, screw the slot machines, spend your money here and absolutely positively assure you that you will NOT be sorry.Top of Binions is where its at for fine dining.  The wife and I are coming back to Vegas this July and this is definitely one of the places we will come back to.
5	What a little gem! The food was excellent! I ordered a filet and it was perfectly cooked. The chocolate cake was like eating  hot pudding!! Yum! The service was excellent! I didn't get a window seat...ask for one when you make your reservation or wait for one...that would have made the evening perfect!
4	My wife and I recently went to this classic steakhouse for the first time.  The restaurant has excellent food, service and ambiance with a great view of downtown Vegas.  Their specialty is prime rib and I got the small one (16 oz).  It was a little tough for my taste, but I did order it rare.  My wife got the filet (rare), which was perfect.  My buddy recently told me that you should always order prime rib cooked up one level from where you would normally order.  So if you would normally order rare, order your prime rib medium rare.  I'll try this next time or maybe just get the fillet.  We got seated in a booth away from the window, which was not a great seat.  Next time I make my reservation, I'll insist on a window seat.  Given the choice between Binion's Steakhouse and Hugo's Cellar (at Four Queens), I'd choose Hugo's Cellar.  But Binion's was still a great restaurant and I will go back.  Food-3.5 stars, Service-5 stars, Value-4 stars, Ambiance-5 stars.
5	If you want a wonderful Vegas dining experience look no further than Binion's Ranch Steak House. The atmosphere inside the dining room is classic and elegant. The view of the city is super! The steaks are excellent, but I really loved the Chicken Fried Lobster. Everyone in our party looked at me funny when I ordered it, then while I was enjoying it they all wanted a taste! It was so tender and juicy inside the perfectly spiced batter!
2	Great Ambiance, Great view, Great Wait staff,  rib eye not so much. Not what I was expecting when you're paying  Ruth Criss/Flemings prices. The steak would fit nicely at Black Angus or Outback.
4	We used to go to Binion's fairly often when I was a kid. But I hadn't been in probably 20 years. My uncle was in town last week and suggested we go there for prime rib. My dad wanted to go to the Cortez Room at the Gold Coast as he was worried that Binion's wouldn't be good anymore and he likes the Cortez Room. I wanted to go to Binion's 'cause I hadn't been there in ages and we go fairly often to the Cortez Room. So I looked it up on Yelp to see what the reviews said. I told my family that Binion's had better reviews than the Cortez Room. So we decided to give it a try.I'm glad we did. It was the best prime rib I had had in a very long time. The prime rib definitely earned 5 stars.However, the ambiance left a little to be desired. The tables were too close together and my uncle had a hard time getting to his chair because  it was so close to the next table. Also, my mom had a beam of sunlight in her eye and it took the waiter awhile to figure out how to move the blinds to block that ray of sun. The service in general was so-so.My wife had the seared ahi tuna. It had been seared a little longer than I would have liked, but she really liked it. It also came with a very good hoisin sauce. My dad got the tuna as well, and really liked it.Everyone else got the prime rib and raved about it.
3	Walking into this steakhouse throws you back in time.  The water person gave us the best service.  We waited more than 10 minutes for our waiter to come and acknowledge us,  We had the ceaser salad, which was good.  Also had the hot spinach salad with bacon dressing.  Very good.We split the crab legs & filet which was plenty of food after the salads.  Both were good but the meat was seasoned a bit funky.  The view is spectacular.  It's too bad about the service.  Plan on close to $100 per person with moderate beverage intake.
4	My wonderful man took me to BRSH for my birthday on the 9th.  The restaurant is beautiful (old Vegas- amazing history).  The service was wonderful.  Servers not on you all the time to be sure everything was ok - yet when our tea as low, there was some one there to fill the glass.  The food was very nice.  Worth the price.  We will go back!
2	Very disappointed!  We had read good reviews about Binion's, so we tried it on Saturday night.  First of all, the place is a little worn with age and the decor is need of updating.  The view is OK, but not as spectacular as the Stratosphere.  The service was OK, but oh my, the food was terrible.  The dinner rolls were so hard that it took booth hands to break them apart and then they crumbled all over the table.  I ordered French Onion Soup and it was the worst I've ever had (my favorite is at Outback)--I sipped a couple of spoons and turned it away.  My wife and I both ordered the 16 oz Prime Rib, their specialty.  It was very fatty and full of gristle, so we spent most of our time trimming away the fat.  The green beans were rubbery and cold.  My wife couldn't eat more than a few bites and we hastily got the check (for $122) and left, never to return again.  On the way down the elevator, we met a crowd of 6-8 folks waiting to go up and they asked us if it was worth it.  We told them about our experience and recommended they go to Oscars, just down the street and they quickly left Binion's and headed for Oscars (which we love).
4	OLD SCHOOL! and I mean that in a very good way.  This is the kind of place that has crushed velvet everywhere and is very dark and probably hasn't had a renovation since it was created which was, I'm going to guess, about 50 years ago.  I say all this with love and affection.  We wanted to go somewhere to eat a steak and as we were looking around it seemed like the average for vegas was $40-$50 for a steak with no sides.  We saw that it was $37 for a ribeye with sides, we decided this was the place.  We had cocktails downstairs and played some poker and were waited on by a server with hair that was at least 4 inches taller than her and had been serving there for 25 years.  We knew we were in the right place.  We went upstairs and had martinis and old fashions, the only way to start a steak dinner.  I had the chopped salad and the boy had the french onion soup.  Both were very good and just what you would expect.  We then shared a ribeye which came with fresh green beans  and a baked potato.  Everything was good, the steak was flavorful and the green beans were great.  We had cheesecake for desserts and some coffee.  The only reason we took off a star is that the service was a little weird.  The server would ignore us for other tables for quite awhile, and then just disappear in the back for 20 minutes.  Also we wanted a sauce with our steak and he disappeared before we could order it.  Luckily the steak was cooked perfectly and the it was juicy enough, but it was still a little weird that he didn't ask us about a sauce.  Also the bathroom was very out of date and there is no dress code.  So if you are having dreams of going up there and being kind of fancy, which we did, you are probably going to be interrupted by a group of girls in work out clothes or guys dressed in baggy jeans and white t shirts.  The view is great as well and its worth a trip.  I definitely will recommend this to out of town visitors as the place to go for a steak.
4	The penthouse in Binion's contains an old timey steak house with a 180 degree view of the city looking south from Fremont Street.  We try to dine there every trip to Vegas.  The steaks and prime rib are delicious and the atmophere is very classy.  However, there is no dress code, so don't be suprised to find coat and tie mingled with tee shirts and flip flops.  We have not experienced the service issues mentioned in other reviews, but we usually go on a weeknight when it is less crowded.  You can just sit at the bar, if you prefer, and sip a cold cocktail and enjoy the view.  It's one of our favorite stops.
2	The glass elevator ride on the way up presents a unique experience and a nice view of the Stratosphere and some parts of the Vegas Strip. This, along with attentive service and classic steakhouse ambiance promises a great meal. I was disappointed.While the lobster bisque had some nice lobster chunks, the bisque's texture was gritty. I ordered the Filet Mignon (8oz for $36.95) crusted with bleu cheese for an extra few bucks to be medium rare but I received it overcooked. It was more medium/medium well than medium rare. A third of it was stringy and chewy. The bleu cheese crust well-complimented the steak but the green beans that accompanied the entree tasted watery. I expected more.
3	Ok but not very flavor full. Good service good view mediocre food at best.
4	Tucked away on old Fremont Street in Binion's Hotel and Casino is an old school gem of a restaurant.  From the 24th floor restaurant, you get a really nice view of the Vegas strip and beyond.  The glass elevator ride up to the 24th floor is an experience in itself.  We started with the shrimp cocktail and the escargot appetizers.  They were both very tasty.  The horseradish for the cocktail sauce had a great kick to it.  My BF sopped up the escargot juice with all of his bread, it was so buttery.I had the chicken fried lobster and he had the Binion's cut prime rib.  They were both huge!!  The lobster tail they used for this dish must have been ginormous!  The prime rib was supposed to be 24ozs, but we swore it was at least 30ozs!We shared a creme brulee which was good...not the best we've had, but it was a nice finish to a late night meal.Waitstaff was attentive without being overbearing and it was a good experience overall.
4	Great steaks.  Good drinks.  Excellent service.  Second best view in Vegas.
2	Moderate service {with an attitude}, bland food {the chili resembled "Sloppy Joe"}; Nice Wild West aesthetics with photos of various gunslingers and period decor.
4	Wow what a great view!  I came as I heard great things and I am happy I did.  We were serviced promptly and quickly.  I had the Salmon and the portion was huge but delicious!  The price is a bit high but well worth it regardless.I just didn't like how my server treated his assistant/busser.  I heard some negative comments like, hurry up seriously or you could be doing a better job.  I really didn't want to hear that.  If there is a problem, please take him to the side and have a conversation.  I really didn't want to hear it.
4	Extra star for the view. It's beautiful at night.Very old school vibe. Came on a Thursday night with no resi's but no problem. Wasn't crowded at all. DH and I split a caesar salad and 24 oz prime rib with baked potato and veggies. Didn't get any attitude from waiter about the split which is nice. Salad was HUGE as was the prime rib. Took half of it home. All around was pretty tasty.Friends ordered the lobster and was a 9oz tail. Good thing she didn't order 2 as she was going to! Said was good. Other ordered prime rib also. All were very satisfied with meal. Service was wonderful and personable. Didn't have any issues. Martini's and wine were tasty. You're going to pay but felt it was worth it. Unless someone has a massive appetite, you can split and be more than satisfied.Would come here again. Like stepping back in time.
4	First off, older casino on Fremont Street, but nice environment and incredible view of Vegas from the top of the building (24th floor, I believe). 16 oz prime rib was larger than that, incredibly done, LOVED it!
2	"over-cooking" seems to be the overriding theme for this evening.  my binion-cut prime rib was a bit on the cooked side when i asked for rare, but my husband's filet was nicely rare.  we overheard the waiter telling the next table that the chefs tend to overcook their lobster, and on the way out, we heard another waiter telling the manager that one table paid only for the appetizers because the entrees were overcooked.  i guess that's one way to get out of paying your check but unfortunately i believe there is some truth to it.
5	Great place! Would definitely be on my dining list for the next time we visit Vegas!Ambiance: Retro, classy lounge vibe. Dark and romantic - get a window seat overlooking Downtown Vegas for a perfect date night. Maitre de and waiter were older gentlemen - perfect for the overall feel of the place. While my wife and I love food, we pretty much stick to the basics. I had the regular size filet, and my wife had the smaller cut prime rib. We also shared a salad. Came with green beans and potato (garlic mashed were delicious). Everything was fantastic. Bill, with tip, was just at $100.00. Desserts looked wonderful, but we were too full to partake.The restaurant is top floor of Binion's casino. So after dinner, we went downstairs to the casino which opens up directly onto the Freemond Street experience. Great place to walk around and take in some eye candy after dinner.Was about a $20 cab ride from Bally's on the strip.
4	Old school steak house in downtown Vegas. I've been taking a large group here every year for the last 10 years and the service is always great and the steaks are as good as anywhere in the country. Start with the Lobster Bisque and get the Filet with whatever the veggie of the night is.
5	The best steakhouse in Las Vegas and the most romantic ambiance. Service is excellent and the wine list is superb.
3	[3.5 stars]Vegas was packed...with the strip looking like the perfect-feeding/multiplication-ground for a zombiepocalyse that emergency measures were immediately taken to get both the lady and I out...QUICK...before disaster strikes. So zipping away from the strip, she immediately asked where we were headed. GOOD OLD VEGAS was my immediate reply. Pulling her trusty iPhone out, she started looking at destinations to check out. Five minutes later, we were keen on Binion's Ranch Steakhouse as it promised "great service with a great view over good food".The parking lot was unsurprisingly empty and the old-Vegas almost-prehistoric feel permeated the air. Fine...fine...it wasn't exactly PREHISTORIC but definitely a drop (not a leap) back in time. It was a feeling similar to staring at a much-beloved-386 computer (if you're even old enough to know this) after using and getting accustomed to a spiffy-oh-so-hot-and-bank-breaking Alienware or MacBook Pro for several years. Yet, seeing a 386 computer once again doesn't mean I would back away. Rather, just like I used to grab my little box of 5" floppy disks in anticipation to stuff it into the floppy drives to begin playing DotT (Day of the Tentacle - and if you remember and have played this game...you immediately get an additional Yelp fan who will read and UFC your freaking reviews), I held the lady's hand and eagerly made our way through stale-tobacco-scented corridors to the elevator that would port us up and back in time.We reached and entered the elevator without seeing a single soul. As the ascent began, the zombiepocalypse image returned. Crap, did they attack old Vegas first and we just stupidly volunteered to become fresh ingredients in their gruesome-human-buffet? GREAT...@#*&^$*&@^#!!!!!! Elevator door opens and we walk right out to see...a cool-demeanor-well-dressed-gentleman with a smile on his face that immediately implied no such harm has descended upon this area - yet. Of course, that reassuring welcome and asking if we had reservations and such immediately removed all the zombie crap in my mind and refocused my attention to this...nostalgic feeling. Where are we? I almost thought I had grey hair with a backed so hunched that complimented a croaking voice. (Ok, just kidding, I should describe something like Elvis instead...).Our table overlooked the city in the evening lights. Although, I can't say it was mesmerizing or romantic in the least, we did somewhat enjoy the difference and spent some time pointing and figuring out the area while discussing what it probably was like 30 years ago.Service was spectacular...and very accommodating. My lady has certain refined preferences with her vegetables and meat (unlike the recycling/food-processing plant that I am that eats everything up and then complains after as necessary) and our server made sure every single part of it was met.The food wasn't as spectacular as their service and fell in the "decent" category. Both the New York and Rib-eye steaks came out done exactly the way we wanted them cooked...the former being medium well and the latter completely alive for the blood craving diner. Steaks were under-salted but that is not an issue in my books as a little toying with the salt dispenser on the table immediately got it exactly to the requirements of our differing palettes. The overall experience was decent and I would recommend a visit if you (a) want to get away from the overwhelming crowds on the strip; (b) crave a decent steak; (c) want to view old Vegas from atop a building without getting a room; or (d) want to port back to a different era.
3	View is cool. Steak was average. The spinach salad is really tasty. Expected more.
5	Awwww...review 100!For the 16th anniversary celebrating our first kiss - we opted to try yet another classic vintage Vegas steakhouse.  Kind of ironic when you consider that neither of us eat steak - but we both appreciate old school fare and flair.  Our anniversary fell on 12-12-12 and the National Finals Rodeo was in town so Binion's was PACKED with an interesting mix of stetson and jean wearing dung kickers and newly married husbands and wives in their finest whites.  Although we had reservations and arrived on time, we still had to wait 15 or so minutes for our table to be ready.  The atmosphere is dark and clubby, with tin ceiling panels, dark woods and red and gold faux-flocked wallpaper.  While waiting, we took a walk through the restaurant and marveled at the 24th-floor views. Our table was well worth waiting for as we got a window seat!Navigating steakhouse menus are always an interesting challenge for the non-red meat eater - I always opt for a seafood entree these days.  Although the Chicken Fried Lobster sounded like a curious abomination that I really wanted to tackle - the term "market price" scared me off.  In the end, I ordered a rather tame Iceberg Wedge Salad and the Shrimp Scampi for an entree.  We split a celebratory bottle of Moet.I specifically ordered the Iceberg Wedge as it was described as not having bacon on it - it came with bacon. A little annoying, but I just pushed the bacon aside and ate the rest.  The Italian dressing was tasty!  The wait was quite lengthy between courses but with stellar company, the sparkling and the view - I didn't mind so much.  My Scampi came with 5 very nice plump tail on shrimp with a side of buttery green beans and a baked potato.  The sauce that they serve with the scampi was dense and unbelievably decadent!  It seemed to be made of much more than just the butter, garlic, white wine and fresh herbs described on the menu (possibly some dairy in there?)  A solid classic entree for a solid classic place.NOTE: The name of this restaurant has officially been changed to "Top Of Binion's Steakhouse".  Is there anyway to change this on Yelp?
3	Been here a couple times.  Each time, the food was very good, but not "blown away" good like you can get at several steakhouses in town.  Wine prices were much more reasonable than other steakhouses.  The service is excellent, not overbearing but they also don't ignore you.  Water glasses filled quickly.  The view is nice from the 24th floor, and it's a classic "old Vegas" joint in the vein of Golden Steer or Hugo's.  The ambiance, history and service may bring this review up another half star.  The blue cheese crusted is a recommended addition to your steak.  The steaks come with a side, which is nice in this day and age of everything being a la carte.  There are certainly better steaks to be had in Vegas, but this place is a classic, and like its older brethren, I recommend everyone try these places at least once.
5	The view is awesome, service is great, and the food is fresh and good. The view, we were seated at the window and the view was great, we could see the old strip below and the lights of the Blvd to the west. that was the best part of this evening.The service was spot on, glasses were never empty, bread never ran out, orders were taken and food was out quick.Food it was very good, large amount of food full of flavor, we were all happy and full. We will be back for sure
5	Go ahead and try to eat the large prime rib..9/5 says you get a doggie bag. Yeah it is a bit pricey but actually less than the other "steak houses " downtown. The view is great, relaxed atmosphere and the staff is courteous and helpful.OBTW the other food is great also but then again I am a discriminating carnivore.
4	Great view, service, and food!!
4	(3.8 Stars)My tour of the vintage steakhouses continue. For those that don't know this is one of the oldest steakhouses in the town and has been kind of the crown jewel of the Horseshoe for years.  As an aside, we here on Valentine's Day so it was probably much busier than a normal night.Ambiance 5 Stars -- This is the reason you come here.  The room is cozy, with amazing views all around no matter where you are seated.  Dark (not too dark), wood panelling,  Drink -- There is actually a bar in here where you can wait or I presume get appetizers but we didn't go so I can't comment.  The wine list was nice, not extensive, but you can get pretty much all you need.  Surprisingly, the prices were very reasonable compared to other restaurants of this quality.  I was a bit surprised there wasn't a sommelier here, but there could be had we not been on a busy night.  As an aside, I believe you can bring your wine with a Corkage fee, but I forgot so didn't get to test the theory.Service -- Five Stars -- the staff is excellent, there when you need them but not always there.  The waiter and busser seemed to work quite well in tandem.  Considering we were here on Valentine's i didn't notice any slowdown or lack in service for what was surely a busy night.Food -- The food if very good.  Compared to the top tier steaks, you'll probaby find a little better but they are also not as fancy as some of the big time ones.  It is nice to receive a side that is included and not a la carte. (Kind of a peeve of mine). Food is going to be fairly expensive, but not to an offensive level.  We had the New York Strip, a Rib-Eye, Oysters Rockefeller and Crab Legs.  Steak was cooked as we asked, Oysters Rockefeller were buttery and bacony, and crab, while not an overly complex thing to serve was done as should be expected.Conclusion: Definitely a classic, I think you can find slightly better from Hugo's for the downtown classics, but nothing wrong with this.  An extremely relaxing, comfortable evening that I would feel comfortable celebrating any special occasion.
5	Solid, dependable, old school steakhouse on Fremont Street.  Beautiful views at night.  Fortunately, not as much appeal to the Fremont Street Experience Midwest Vactioners and Spring Breakers so the atmosphere is classy.
5	This is a favorite stop in Vegas.  I love the dark wood and red leather interior - very rat pack-esque.  The view over Fremont is great.  The service is impeccable and I have never had anything but a fantastic meal here.  Favorite dishes are the filet and the scallops.  Either one melt in your mouth.  Their sides are also dynamite, try the mashed potatoes or the asparagus.  A great evening is a take-your-time dinner with a view out over Fremont.  Then when it's dark, go down and enjoy the light show and a stroll (or zip line) of Fremont.
3	First time back to Binion's steak house since 2007 and I'm pretty sure the same staff is there.  The waiter said he had been there for 30 years...must be a good gig.  I met my friend and his wife here for dinner on Saturday night.  I arrived a bit early so I had a seat at the bar and ordered a whiskey on the rocks.  The bartender was prompt, courteous and knew the art of a good long pour.  Upon getting up to leave for the table he topped off my nearly empty glass, gratis...very cool!The ambience is old school, dimly lit, great views since it is up on the top floor and very, very mellow.  It's definitely an older crowd here mixed with some riff raff tourists.  What's shocking to me is they seem to have no dress code...there were guys wearing shorts, t-shirts and a couple wearing baseball hats; at 8 PM on a Saturday night!?!?!? Come on guys, what's wrong with you!The service was decent albeit there seemed to be some confusion between the kitchen, food runners and servers...food items being delivered to the wrong tables.Now on to the food: I started with the lobster bisque (which I always do if it's on the menu).  It was OK but I've had far better.  It seemed like they took the bisque with whatever small amount of lobster and whipped it up in a blender; the consistency was weird.  I then had the 8oz filet cooked medium and it came out perfect.  The seasoning was a little on the weak side but overall the steak was fine.  The plate came with steamed green beans which were OK but a little dried out.  My friends wife ordered the crab cakes for her appetizer.  I suggest you do not order these; they were nearly all filler and batter.  For desert we shared a molten lava cake (my friends favorite) and he claims it was one of the better ones he's had.  I thought it was good as well just not a lot of experience with that desert to compare.I think if they can increase the quality of their food and preparation AND enforce somewhat of a dress code this could easily be a 4 out of 5.  Until then I'm giving it a very generous 3 out of 5.
1	I am not even sure the restaurant I went to is the same as the reviews! My first impression was- what the hell is that smell? I could not get over the smell-- mold, musty, urine??? something foul! And the views? Unless you like looking at the top of other casinos or a parking garage, I have no idea what people are referring to when they say the view is amazing. I asked for a filet-- medium- it was mooing on the plate. Had dinner for two- steak/lobster, two drinks, two desserts, coffee- $225.00 before tip. The food was 2 stars out of 5, way way way overpriced. Bread was warm, but old and stale. Wait staff spilled water all over out table, then said "Oops" . I live in las Vegas, so it is truly sad that I can not refer family and friends to this location. And, of course, I will not be back.
4	Overall, a pleasing, old-school steakhouse experience- with a view!  The service and staff were great. Very attentive and professional.The environment was lovely- large windows all around, so every seat had a view of downtown. It was dimly lit and really felt as though you'd been transported back to Old Vegas.Food was good- and very fairly priced. Nothing particularly "wow-ed" me, but everything was solid. Entrees include a choice of potato (baked, garlic mashed, roasted, or risotto), as well as a vegetable. Bottled water and warm rolls were also included. I had the chicken fried lobster ($57), which was more interesting on paper than in taste. The lobster was good, but having it fried really didn't add anything to it. I had to add hot sauce and horseradish to add some flavor.My husband had the 16oz prime rib ($38) and thought that it was great! (I did as well). The 24oz would have been WAY too big. We were given a free dessert for our anniversary. I'm not exactly sure what it was- a raspberry concoction of sorts. It was tasty, though.The host happily took pictures of us, and we went down the very scary glass elevator to depart. I
3	I've been wanting to return here for a long time but I never seem to go to the Fremont Street area for dinner.  Last night, we had a play at Las Vegas Little Theatre and I had some comp dollars from Binion's, so we finally made it here.  I hadn't been in the restaurant since it was known as Top of the Mint many years ago.As others have said, it's a classic steakhouse and you have a great view.  We were there early and enjoyed our time looking out the window and picking out things we didn't know were around the area.For the meal, we each started with onion soup.  It was good with a hearty beef broth and tasty cheese.  I ordered the 10 ounce NY steak and my wife ordered the 8 ounce filet.  It came with choice of starch--we each chose the garlic mashed potatoes--and seasonal vegetable which last night was yellow and green squash.  Both steaks were tasty.  Mine was done a bit to much.  It should have been rarer but it wasn't egregious enough to send it back.  For dessert, we took a look at the dessert tray brought by our waiter, Jeff, and we opted for the same dessert, a chocolate volcano--a small bundt cake made of chocolate and filled with heated chocolate.  It was very good.A couple of things to note.  Service was very good.  Jeff has been at the steakhouse for a number of years and he's a good server.  I never wanted for a refill of my iced tea and the bus people were there to remove dirty plates when a course was finished.  The view is as good as everyone points out.  I enjoyed being there while it was light because I could pick out more places.  We were long enough that we could see the lights of Fremont Street start to glow after sundown.For the price, I think there are other good options for steak in Las Vegas at a comparable price.
5	We kinda hung out here, they were having an Elvis competition night.  We were hanging out by the bar.  We decided to get a couple of drinks, I was going to just stick to something simple, like a margarita!  Well someone pointed out there special drinks, there in huge cups.  I can't remember what we got, but they sure were good.  You can keep the cup, and your refills are only $13.00.  The initial drink is $16.00  Usually we get our drinks at one of the other outside bars, and they just weren't worth it!  From here on out, I know where I'm getting my drinks on Fremont street
4	Took a party of 9 people at the last minute got great service and the food was top notch. Will be going back in another week.
4	We all had a wow dinner on Saturday night, 5/27/13, Memorial Day weekend. This place is an Old school steakhouse at the top of the  Binion's Horseshoe casino. Though we had reservations for five, the maitre d' sat us at a four-top table and squeezed a fifth chair into the aisle.  We were not happy, but that was really the only downside to the evening.  Where we were seated, there was a large picture glass window with a great view southbound, looking down the LV strip. Cutting to the chase, the steaks were very good, the salads were OK and the service was fast and good.  This is the one of the nicest steakhouses in the old downtown area, the second being Hugo's Cellar at the Four Queens.
4	The food though is not too pressed and primped...  It is like an old school classy steakhouse from the late 60's early 70's.  I totally love it.  The meat isn't some kind of hatchet job quality--it is good stuff all the way around.  Yeah, old downtown can be kind of "ehhhh...  right...."  but this place is worth it for a good dinner.About as good a prime rib, T-bone, porterhouse, etc., as you're gonna get.  The place looks like a Sinatra, Dean Martin, Hang out.  Low-lit in the old part of town.  Wood decor and an awesome view.  Maybe better view than the Ghost Bar at the Rio which is close to the strip; how so?  Because this place is in old downtown Vegas and looks South back at the Strip.
4	I'll start by saying, i am not a fan of steak. I have to be in the mood for it and its not my go-to meal. With that said, I had the lobster bisque and the shrimp scampi and my niece had the rib eye with fully loaded baked potato. The lobster bisque was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!! Best lobster bisque i've ever had! And the little bread baskets they passed out went amazingly well with the bisque!! The shrimp scampi was also very, very good! The potato links that came with the scampi were perfectly cooked and perfectly seasoned.My niece ordered her steak medium rare and i had a bite of it. very juicy and full of flavor. It was very good. She said she was very pleased with her meal.The wait staff were all very patient with our large group of 14. they were attentive and very nice. Overall it was a good experience.
4	First thing I have to say . . . is that I am sorry for visiting anouther Steakhouse in the Area two nights before . . . and had a Five Star Experience their . . . with that said . . . I would probably have given Binion's a five if it were not for the wine service.The ambience was very nice and high class . . . took me back to the days of Classy Vegas . . . problem . . . kind of warm . . . would have been nice if it was about 5 degrees cooler.The appetizer . . . Blue Crab Cakes . . . Full of crab, crunchy, and very tasty . . . would have liked to have had a few larger chuncky of crab meat.Dinner . . . Chicken Fried Lobster . . . I have now died and gone to heaven . . . the cruchy out side, the melt in you mouth inside.Desert . . . Creme Brule . . . Small Portion and very cold . . . tasted like it had been made the day before and placed in the cooler . . . berrys were room temperature and not very appealling.View . . . Best in Vegas . . . most likely will return,
5	I'm giving 5 stars because of what I had.  The chicken fried lobster is one of the best things I've ever eaten.  The caesar salad was good and the lobster bisque as well.  The ambiance is nice.  Dark, with a great view of vegas.  But this is all about that chicken fried lobster.  I will never stop in vegas again without having it.  Maybe there are better steaks to be had, I can't say.  I can only guarantee you will not be disappointed by imo the best dish in town.
5	The way a steakhouse should be. Food and service were top notch, and steaks were not chewy at all, very tasty, and did not call for any condiment. Also, a great view of the LV strip didn't hurt. Everyone in my party had steak, an appetizer, and a drink, and the bill was $60 per person with tip. Highly recommended.
5	My boyfriend took me here for our first anniversary. We got a great seat next to the window and had a wonderful view of Downtown Las Vegas. The servers were very polite and professional and the food was to die for! I ordered the petite filet cooked medium rare (it was perfect) and the garlic mashed potatoes (these are SOOO good!) My boyfriend ordered the New York steak and the garlic mashed potatoes, and he thoroughly enjoyed his meal. To top it off, the staff brought us a raspberry dessert to celebrate our anniversary, and it was delicious! This is a fabulous place, and to be honest, the prices are very reasonable for the quality of the food and service you receive. I hope to celebrate many more anniversaries here in the years to come.
4	Best view of Vegas. Food is good, not awesome. Chicken fried lobster and lobster bisque= not to be missed. I expected better service, but go here for the ambiance. This is old school Vegas at its best.
5	Just on the name alone I have to give it 4 stars.  Add the great food and service and it is a total winner.  I have been here more than a few times and always enjoy my visits.  The view of the mountains is outstanding and the service was perfect.  I had a rib eye steak that was cooked to perfection and as a starter had their version of French onion soup.  Very good.  History 101.  When this was owned by the Binion family all the beef that was served was raised on their ranch.  I sometimes wish for the good old days of Las Vegas knowing they will never return.  But the vibe is still here.
4	Binion's is a classic steakhouse from a bygone era in Las Vegas, located at the top of the old Binion's Hotel and Casino.  I'd be inclined to rate the restaurant as perhaps 4+, were I to base the review solely on the ambience, quality of food, and service, all of which are quite good.  The Good:As I was not overly hungry this evening, I ordered the french onion soup and the crab cakes horsdervs.  Both were quite good; and I will single out the crab cakes as especially great.  Wonderful flavor, plenty of crab meat, and perfectly pan-fried.  The soup was fine, as was the warm, soft bread.I also sampled my date's prime rib, which was pretty much perfect.  Quality meat, cooked attentively and seasoned well.The ambience is great; it harkens back to a slightly more civilized era...an era when high end restaurants were quiet, dimly lit, intimate affairs.  Today's more modern places seem to instead aim at making diners feel like pseudo-rock-stars, with loud music, high ceilings, and a general emphasis on trendy bling.  It struck me how nice it was at Binion's to simply be spared pulsing techno music and patrons that have to be shout to be heard over the dull roar of the modern dining environment.  As others have mentioned, the view is also great, and the service is attentive, professional and unobtrusive.  The Bad:The unfortunate fact is that Binion's Steak House is a high-quality restaurant sadly shoe-horned into a not terribly attractive casino and hotel that has not been updated or remodeled in the last 25 years.The elevator feels creaky; lights on the buttons often don't work.  But perhaps worst of all was the shockingly awful bathroom.  It's quite jarring to have a wonderful meal one moment, and then the next moment to find oneself in the sort of bathroom you'd be more likely to find in a Greyhound bus depot.Faucets are semi-functional and leaking, water is on the counter and the floor, and the toilet paper dispenser is the sort you'd expect to find in a rural gas station someplace, complete with a flopped-open case-cover which cannot be closed.  The bathroom was in need of good cleaning, smelled pretty foul, and basically created the sort of gut-level revulsion you can usually only find on remote interstate rest-stop toilets that have neither been cleaned nor properly remodeled since the Carter Administration.  Why in the world such relatively minor details and minor expenses would be overlooked by a restaurant that is otherwise creating a fine-dining experience is beyond me.   The Conclusion:This is a great restaurant, and a refreshing step back in time.  One can easily imagine Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin or Elvis Presley relaxing with friends over great food here as they look out over the Las Vegas skyline of 1968.And for the quality of the food and service, it's also reasonably priced.  While not remotely inexpensive, the truth is one would quite literally pay double the price for this quality of food were one to eat at one of the trendier steakhouses located on the Strip.So really, it's a great place.  Just don't go to the bathroom, and try to close your eyes on your walk thru the casino and your ride up the elevator.
4	The food was good, the service wonderful. VERY pricey. Restrooms are awful, for an average of $200 a table ticket, you'd think they could afford a decent renovation. I've seen better restrooms in truck stops when I drove a truck OTR.
2	So disappointed. This was supposed to be THE steak dinner of our trip to Vegas. I am not really a big steak eater but my husband is so I really wanted to take him somewhere delicious and perfect. This was not that.Yes, there is steak and it tastes good. That is about it. To start, we ordered two glasses of cava - Freixenet so nothing even sort of fancy which came in twist off splits which the waiter proceeded to open, pour, place the bottles on the tables and the caps. Now, I know when you order a bottle of wine you are supposed to leave the cork so the diner can inspect it to ensure the wine wasn't compromised in the bottle however I am pretty sure there is not a lot of value in inspecting the caps of cheap cava so to start our meal, we were sitting in trash. We we started with the escargot and a wedge salad which were good. We ordered the fillet and the new york strip. They came with a veg and a choice of baked potato or mashed potatoes. I opted for baked while my husband got mashed. The veg was a pile of greasy green beans and the potatoes were potatoes. The steaks were well cooked. The real issues were the service, ambiance and the steak accompaniments. It is dark, there are booths and there is a great view (sort of and from some seats) but it isn't warm or cozy or anywhere that I would like to linger. The service is efficient and that is it and the sides are pedestrian at best. I would probably have rated it a 3 if it wasn't so expensive. The price for what you get is horrible. The cost is comparable to all of the other steak houses on and off the strip and I would definitely recommend going to one of them.
3	My experience here was a mixed bag.First impression shows an elegant and fancy place to eat, but damn is this place loud. It's hard to hold a conversation without yelling and leaning in very close to your company in order to hear what they're saying. Is this is really a fancy steak joint or just someplace pretending to be such?Most of the staff seem upset or in a bad mood, as a whole. Our waiter, in whatever rush he was doing, poured water so fast and furious into my glass that a great majority spilled onto the table, soaking all the way down and onto my attire for the night. He walked away, which left me in slightly stunned silence and didn't see him return to fix this issue until around 5 minutes later. The fix? Tossing a cloth napkin down and apologizing. I must have pissed somebody in this place in under 5 minutes to be subjected to such.But anyways, onto the rest.The service was a little sketchy, but food was good. Great portion size for the price. $37 for a 16oz rib eye is actually not that bad when you compared it to your places back home or have been to.I'm going to chalk this experience up as a bad first impression but will return to see if the experience is different the next time around or not.Despite the bad situation with the water and the volume of talking being close to that of being in a nightclub, I'm giving this place 3 stars for the food and the price of such. I would still recommend people to visit and try it.
5	My wife and I go to Vegas once or twice a year, and we always make sure to eat here at least once.  Personally, I love everything about the place.As several people have mentioned, the atmosphere is fantastic.  The view from the 24th floor is great and the restaurant has an old fashioned elegance to it.  As some other people have also mentioned, much of the wait staff has been there forever, and they're all very professional.  The service is great - attentive but not overbearing, and the food is great as well.  We've tried all the appetizers but our favorite are the Oysters Rockefeller.  Absolutely delicious!  The steaks are always perfectly cooked.  I usually go for the porterhouse and my wife the filet mignon (she also loves the chicken fried lobster).I disagree with people who say the place is expensive.  We eat there all the time and our bill typically comes out to around $150, which includes a couple of appetizers, entrees, desserts and coffee (neither of us drinks, so I can't attest to the price or quality of the cocktails).  I think this is pretty reasonable for a high end steakhouse.  It's certainly much less than some of the other high end steak joints in Vegas, like say Del Frisco's or Craftsteak, or any of the celebrity chef places.  Also, a lot of these other places price their menus ala carte, which can add up quick, whereas at Binion's, your steak comes with generous portions of potato and veggies included in the price.  You will definitely not leave here hungry!One other tip for people who aren't Vegas regulars.  The casino at Binions, while it i , as people have mentioned, kind of dingy, it is also one of the more generous places I've gambled as far as giving out comps.  My wife and I will play some there during the week and by the time Saturday night rolls around we've often got $50 or $60 in comps between us to use towards dinner.
5	Who would have thought dowtown vegas would have a nice steakhouse! I ordered the prime rib and scallions. WOW! deliciously perfect! On top of that, the service was great where all staff members are willing to help you even though they're not your server! Finally, the view was pretty too. Most fancy steakhouses always put tables too close together, but I thought this place did an excellent job of having space between tables!
2	I decided to take my wife here for our anniversary.  I have never tried it before and with the decent reviews and the ad stating it had the best view in Las Vegas, I thought what the heck.  I called and made reservations and told them It was our anniversary and asked for a table with a nice view.  We arrived up the elevator with another couple.  They asked if we had reservation and I said yes, the other couple said no.  We were taken to a table only one spot away from the desk and right across from the kitchen.  The couple without the reservations were taken down the way a bit and placed in a booth.  I guess when I asked for a nice view the kitchen help was what they considered nice.  They had a view of northwest Vegas, we had a view of building tops and other hotels.  We saw the waiter three times the entire time we were there.  Once to take our drink order, once to take our food order and to give us the bill.  If not for the bus boy we would have felt alone.  I wanted to order a beer with dinner but I never had that opportunity.  The food was better than average but not worth the price.  Outback, half the price and almost as good, with better service.  Outback is louder but not busier since we were next to the kitchen, but the server comes and checks in on you now and again at Outback.  Would I go back there?  Absolutely not!  Would I recommend it?  Absolutely not!  There are too many high quality steak houses in Las Vegas to take a chance of ending up with a sour taste in my mouth for the entire dinner again.
3	Fried lobster had the consistency of an overcooked fried calimari. It was literally dry, tough and was void of any seasoning. The bread crumbs over powered the lobster and ut was completely unseasoned. The menu said market price but the price has been consistently $57.95 for awhile. Please do not order this.The view of the city is incredible. The ciew is 5 stars but tge rest of the restaurant was 2.5 stars at best. (Above says 3 stars because I did not have the half star option). The food was not close to the quality I have come to expect from a steakhouse. The interior is exetremely dated. A makeover is 20 years over due. It is exetremely dark inside. Romantic setting. Burgundy booths, dark wood, burgundy grandma 'wall paper, casino hotel hallway carpet, chairs to match.The decor is definitely in the mold of historic old school Vegas. However nostalgia is not enough to make this work. It can pass for a date with a quality mature woman that is already into you. The spinach salad with bacon dressing was ok. The menu says hard boiled eggs, chopped bacon and bleu cheese are in it but you would be hard pressed to find any. The lobster bisque is average. I would like morw lobsrer in it. They did not hace risotto evwn though itnis listed as a daily option on the menu. Rice pilaf was offered as a su substitue.The service was ok. I tipped 20% even though the food was sub par. It's not their fault. They do not prepare the meals. Although I do not like when a server stands at my table to watch me fill out a credit card receipt.
4	Nice view, lot of empty tables not sure why they sat us by the kitchen, must of been our dress and lack of reservation. So I was a bit pissed when I sat down. We came up for the $19 special. Well expect to spend at least $100.  Now until our food came crab cake appetizers and ribeye with mashed garlic potatoes and veggies. Ok the food was divine.  After we finished our meal we walked around and looked at the view. I left feeling very very good. The food and service once they figured out we were there was great.I pretty much refuse to spend $40 on a steak, this might be good if you really want to impress someone. I am lucky to have a partner who likes to share meals so we can try more stuff.
5	Best place to eat downtown. Showed up by chance on a friday night with no reservations.We waited with our group at the bar until a table became available. The bartender probably served a drink to the rat pack in 68. Good strong drinks way cheaper than a top floor view on the strip. Everyone was happy with the price and the food . Veiw was great cant say enough about the place. Old school vegas.
5	Excellent aged steak, super juicy and tender. Almost worth the price! Also, an excellent view of Vegas from the 24th floor.And the prices are actually reasonable for good meat AND great view in one place.
4	Every time I am in Vegas I come here to eat.  Steaks are fantastic.  Reasonable for what you get.  Good wine list
5	Nostalgia gets this place 5 stars -  I have always wanted to experience Binion's Ranch Steak House what a historic icon. I didn't mind the wait, what table I got, my focus was strictly to fulfill a bucket list item silly huh but it's true.As I sat and enjoyed my cocktail it was clear that many of the customers were here for the first time as was I and it was also clear that some were here because this is their go to steak house whether that's because of the reasonable prices, the atmosphere or the steaks cooked up on the well seasoned grill that has satisfied generations of gamblers, entertainers, or just the locals that never ventured far from the strip.Decision time I wanted to keep it simple a wedge salad, baked potato with butter and a giant juicy medium rare rib eye steak no fancy sauce or grilled veggies just rub a little salt and black pepper on both sided and let the flame lick it done throw it on a plate and bring it to me hot and juicy. I wasn't disappointed my server wasn't the best and was mostly pre-occupied with a few of the female servers I didn't care because he didn't factor in my opinion of this place. Sometime you have to over look the stupid people and not allow them to spoil the moment.
4	We all know that restaurants with a great view don't usually have great food. . . but that is not true here. Pluses:  great view, excellent steak, loaded baked potato, wonderful old-school feel. Minuses: expensive wine list, weird bread, robo-service. The busser had more personality than our waiter and we slipped him an extra 5 bucks aside from the tip on the check. I'd go back, especially for the amazing view.
1	Not sure why this place gets high marks.  During March Madness, as a tradition, my buddies come here to get a quality steak.  So, I've been here a few times, so I think I didn't have an unfortunate bad experience.  I know my steaks, having been to several high end places across the country.  The view is great.  That's about it.  Service has been terrible every time.  Servers have a mafia attitude and are the most snobbish of all of Vegas.  This was for every time I come here.  Then it took forever to get our appetizers and then our meal.  Then the steak.  Aged.  And it taste like it.  Seems to have a spoiled after taste and was tough.  Every time.  I guess most people pay a high price and need to rationalize that they got a great meal.  Then the price is higher than most quality steak places.  It took a few years to convince my friends to try some place different.  Now they agree with me that other places are much better.  I expect for the price to get superb service and a great steak.  I haven't seen it here yet.
1	This place is just plain sub standard. Might have been a nice place years ago but now it's just bad. No valet at the hotel, parking garage is full of trash, the casino is filthy and stinky, escalators don't work, the staff is rude. The restaurant itself isn't clean either. Missing tiles in the nasty bathroom, missing ceiling in the dining area, the menu is falling apart. Didn't even order food. For this price I would rather go to a nice restaurant on the strip basically any steakhouse.
4	What a wonderfully romantic dinner spot. It has a beautiful veiw and very good service. Great place, would love to return!
2	This place lives on reputation. There is no effort here. The spinach salad was full of stems, and the dressing wasn't 'warm' enough. The crab cakes seemed frozen at one point...They were shaped like little footballs, and were very average tasting. I ordered Rack of Lamb, which was really two double cut chops. Very tough and grisly. The asparagus wasn't trimmed at the bottom, and the roasted red potatoes were salty like they were not prepared on premises. I would not return here. The view isn't good either....All old rooftops and old buildings.
3	We made reservations here for the same day without a problem and were quickly seated when we arrived. I love that this place is at the top of Binion's as it affords some great views. My friend wanted to get the Rockefeller oysters and I had a couple of them since she was in the sharing mood. The shells were almost too hot to hold onto, but they were tasty. I ordered the NY strip with a baked potato as my side. I ordered medium well and it came out very medium. My friend's steak at first appeared more medium well so we switched it up and I still ended with a medium steak. It had a lot of flavor, but I am always disappointed when they don't cook it to order. I'm sure they aren't use to people ever ordering the steaks above medium. They had a great deal on some bottles of wines, so we split a bottle and I was happy with our choice. We also decided to share the raspberry cheesecake and that was really fresh tasting.
5	I cannot even begin to explain how amazing this place is. Located on the 23rd floor of a hotel in old Vegas lies the hidden gem that is Binions Steak House. The word "ranch" is hilly inaccurate for what you get when you arrive. Also, this place makes a great Caesar, which is kind of a gem in its own right as most places in Vegas don't even know what a Caesar is. We arrived as a party of 5 and were seated in a booth facing a window which stretches through the entire room and overlooks the entire city. Vegas was at my feet that evening in all it's twinkling glory. The restaurant itself is beautifully decorated and immaculately kept. If it's old, it aged like wine and does not show it's years at all. The fabric of the booths is all red, with tablecloths, linen napkins, and polished flatware. All of the servers I saw were male and extremely well versed in polite conversation as well as when to get lost if the guests are actively engaged in conversation. This place reminds me of a mob movie. I felt like a mobsters girlfriend and I absolutely loved it, especially the part where Mr. I ordered for me (I had asked him too just for the experience). He ordered: rib eye with asparagus and baked potato. I was served an 8oz fillet with all the same trimmings. The food was incredible. Perfect rare steak, perfect presentation, large portions but not overwhelmingly so. The wine list was extensive but not so much that we couldn't pick something amazing (a napa gem Mr j took a photo of because of the loveliness of it.) I would absolutely return. This is the kind of place you take people you love, or someone you plan to have killed in the next scene. ;)
4	We were starving, and this was the only place that didn't have a line a mile long. We were happy to escape the smoke-filled casino to a real throw back Vegas style steak house. The views were pretty amazing too. The prices are steep, but what isn't in Vegas? The King crab was amazing. My filet mignon was a little too rare, but awesome none the less. Really happy we stumbled on this historic restaurant. Had a great time!
1	I was so looking forward to eating here after seeing all the great reviews.  We were a party of 8.  Dinner on Sunday, 4/13/14 prior to my wedding day.  I ordered the Oysters Rockefeller, French Onion soup and the 24 oz Prime Rib.  My fiance ordered the Lobster Bisque and the 10 oz Filet.  I love raw oysters and I love them Rockefeller.  These oysters had way too much sand so they didn't taste very good.  The onion soup was bland, the lobster bisque had too much pepper, the prime rib was so chewy it took forever to eat just one bite and the filet had no flavor to it at all.  If I'm spending $47 on prime rib and $45 on filet, I expect nothing but perfection and melt in your mouth flavor.  A good filet should not make you want to ask for A1 steak sauce to put on it.  We sent back the prime rib (did not want another one), the filet had to go back as well because it was ordered medium rare and arrived medium well.  When we got the medium rare, it was so bland I couldn't eat it.  One of our guests had to send her filet back because it was too well done also and had to send the crab legs back to be warmed because they were ice cold.So, I'm going to chalk this up to an off night but I won't be going here again.However, our waiter Lawrence was absolutely fabulous, courteous and did his best to please us.  He was very nice in providing 4 different desserts for the table at his expense.  Hopefully Lawrence can tell management regarding this really bad meal (as he said he would) and improvements will be made.Feel free to give it a try.  I hope you have a better experience.  I will NOT recommend this place to any of my friends and family.
4	What a nice place this is. We had reservations and were sat at a window seat. Beautiful views! The prime rib was very generous, cooked to perfection, crab cakes were excellent and the baked potato was huge and came with everything. The service was great too! I usually don't go to any restaurant twice in this town because there are so many still to try; however, I will be back to this one.
2	I have been to Binions Steak House many times because I love the downtown experience and the view from Binions is fabulous.  Unfortunately the food at the steak house continues to be a disappointment.  A few years back, you could always count on Binions to have a fantastic Ribeye, but the last few times dining there, the quality of the meat seems to be lacking.  I will admit, my standards for a steak will vary based on the price (ie. my standards are higher for a $40 steak vs. my standards for a $20 steak), but the quality of the meat just is not up to snuff.  Basically it is the quality of a Longhorn of Outback...which is not bad for $20, but at $40 it is disappointing.  I can only hope they will return to using a better quality meat.  On a positive note, one of the people dining with me said the lamb chops were fantastic.  As for service, the host was snooty, but the waiters were friendly and efficient.
4	Went here with a group from work after a conference. 24th floor downtown Vegas. Great view. Dark and elegant but casual dress OK. Wait staff very attentive. Food was delicious. I had the portabello mushroom ravioli.
5	Best Prime Rib in Vegas
4	I went here with my husband on our recent trip.  We previously went to Oscars at the Plaza and loved it but wanted to try something new.  This place does NOT disappoint.  In fact, I would come here over Oscar's because the view is just fabulous.We showed up on a whim and the gentleman said it would be a 45 minute wait.  Then he asked if we wanted a booth (doesn't have the table view but I think a booth is more comfortable anyway--and we could still see the city).  When we said yes, he took us right away to our seat.  The service was fantastic and the food was great.I ordered the filet mignon well done and it was cooked perfectly!  The garlic mashed potatoes are wonderful as well.  The asparagus was a little salty for my liking but this was hardly a setback.We are coming back out in July/October and will make sure to stop back at this restaurant again!!
4	This steakhouse sits in old town Vegas--the place to be before the strip happened. Now it seems that although the community surrounding Binions isn't as happening....Binions is. :)My husband and I had just gotten married and we were in Vegas for a work convention for his business. We were also celebrating my 31st birthday! A year before we were married we visited Binions after reading many reviews about a nice place to go. The prices here are on the higher end but there is something about old town Vegas that can't be beat. There is so much history within the walls of this place.Both times we went we had fantastic servers. Both older gentleman who had been around for awhile. They were both full of tips and secrets about Vegas. The last visit we had the gentleman actually shared our wedding anniversary--he was very friendly!My husband and I both got delicious steaks, baked potatoes and green beans. They brought these miniature bowls with sour cream, bacon bits and butter. The baked potato was cooked to perfection and the steak was so good that we both finished every bite!If you have transportation to old town and looking for a place full of memories and a place to make new ones...Binions is it!24/100
5	Really, really good. Wish I could have gotten a smaller cut of prime rib tho. Left most on my plate!!
5	Old school Vegas feel! Love it! Delicious food!!!! One of my favorite steakhouses in the country!
2	I don't know who is reviewing this place, but I can tell you its highly overrated. Heres a run down of my party's light dinner: house salad was wilted, crab cakes looked and tasted frozen, onion soup tasted like nothing except for the puff pastry on top, baked potato was luke warm and had maybe a 1/2 teaspoon of sour cream and cold shredded cheddar, chicken Marsala was an appetizer sized portion, shrimp scampi appetizer was decent, and the wedge salad was also decent. Mimi's French onion soup is far superior to the soup served here, and we've all had that. The baked potatoes were comparable to a potato served at Denny's, yet they were the same price as those served at Vic & Anthony's , (which was the best baked potato I've ever eaten.) The view was nice, but the elevator was out of service. And the chairs, I almost forgot! They were very pretty but horribly uncomfortable. I would never return here. The food is subpar and the prices were that of a good steakhouse. My party ate a Vic & Anthony's the previous night and had an amazing dinner and experience--save your money and go there.
5	From the view to the food this restaurant is a must.  We ordered the wedge salad and lobster bisque to start.  So tasty! Prime rib for dinner.  You can't go wrong.  Staff was attentive and funny.  Love!
5	Australian Lobster tail and Filet Mignon with garlic mashed potatoes and vegetable medley.  Excellent. Steak was tender, melts in your mouth. Lobster was one of the largest I have had before. Shrimp Scampi Meal was excellent as well. Shrimp were very large. Overall a great experience. We come back every year.
4	Came in for dinner on a quiet Monday night a couple weeks ago. Its in the older part of Vegas, at the top of Binions casino & hotel. The bf and I were very hungry! We both got T-bone steaks and they were cooked to perfection. The potato sides and veggies were good. Dessert & salads were good too, nothing to complain about. The portions were perfect to fill two hungry people. The server, I wish I remembered his name, he was awesome. He was very knowledgeable, informative, friendly and provided excellent service from beginning to end. Will probably come back when I'm back in Vegas next month :)
4	This was a very nice surprise! I took business colleagues here to give them a different experience than what is on the Strip. It is in the old part of Las Vegas which gave it a great ambiance when we arrived outside. It got even better when we got to the restaurant. It was going back a bit in time but not a feeling of old as much as classic. The view was great, as it looked over the city, and the food was good. The staff was very professional and not overly intrusive, which was perfect for us to be able to discuss business.The only thing I didn't like was on my dish, the salmon, they placed it over two halves of roasted tomatoes. I felt like it didn't add to the meal as much as it was over-thinking the presentation. Not an issue but just a point as I didn't know the purpose of the tomatoes. However, the salmon and twice-baked potato was good. The dinner salad was probably the best I've ever had. I had it with the raspberry vinaigrette. They served it with pine nuts and very sweet raspberries with a little blue cheese. I don't know how they did it but it is the best I've had. How did they find such sweet and fresh raspberries? Regardless of how they did it I'm very pleased.There is a dress code for this place, and I'm honestly grateful that there is. When we arrived there was a somewhat loud young group that has arrived in tank tops which they turned away because they didn't meet the dress code. Not a strict code as I was wearing jeans and a polo, but it is nice that there is a standard to maintain the ambiance of the restaurant.
5	Great Food.Great Service.Old School Las Vegas at its best.
4	Binion's is classic old school steakhouse with incredible views. The service was great and the food was very good, just be ready for bill...
3	Reasonably priced and classic steak house.  Good views from the 24th floor.  Crab cakes were just OK, but the ribeye was good.
4	Great dinner. Cheap prices. The only downfall was dinner took a really longtime to come out, about a 40 min wait.
4	Food was great but you pay a hefty price for the view and food.  Would only go on special occasions.
4	This was a taste of old Las Vegas and the best part of the Fremont Experience for us.  The decor and staff were just like you might see in old movies with upscale dining.  The food was typical steak house and very good.  A little more expensive than we expected and I felt I was a little under dressed.  Once seated our waiter was extremely pleasant and all the staff efficient.  We had a fun meal.  No sunset but we did get to see the lights go low over Vegas.
2	Over rated. If you want old school atmosphere and mediocre food then this is your place. For the price I would choose many other places first.
1	If your steak comes out not the way you want and no one doesn't come around to acknowledge it, do you still eat it?..Anyway, I ordered a steak and lobster, market price of $72 dollars. You'd expect a steak house to know how to cook steak right? Steak was very hard, almost like a very bad cut and over cooked.Probably at the end of our meal, manager comes around asks how things are doing? Steak is over cooked I say, and he asks if he could make up by a dessert? I say no, he asked for another steak I say no, we had a show to attend so we didn't have time to sit around any longer. Long story short they should've taken the steak off the bill as it wasn't cooked correctly, but they didn't. I was weary of going here to dine in, and I should've trusted my gut instinct.I could've cooked a better steak myself.Go there for the view, not the food you'll be disappointed!
3	I wish I could rate this steak house one star higher, but the steaks just were not among the quality of what you would find in an elite steak house. The NY strip that I had was very good, but it should have been more tender.  My friend had the filet mignon and was very disappointed.  The service was attentive and friendly, the views were great from the 24th floor.   Hope they leave the old school decor alone and I will be back again, but must admit that I was slightly disappointed by my visit.
3	The food was take it or leave it. Ordered escargot, Caesar salad (which isn't table side), steak and lobster which I ordered medium rare both came out overlooked, added a side of crab legs which was the best thing I tasted. The mixed veggies were just different colored carrots and they weren't as soft as carrots should be served. Garlic mashed potatoes and rice were delicious. Melted butter was salted, which i couldn't believe. Great ambiance and service. A bottle of Vueve Clicot was only 85$!!!! So I will come back for crab legs and champagne. No fresh desserts, they actually still rock the tray. Supposed to be the best value in Vegas, but there are better. We are spoiled with great steaks living here in Vegas
4	Filet mignon A+.   Wife loved the lamb.  4 stars. Could have been 5 stars but they put ketchup in a cup.
