5	Saturday noontime, I stopped in for brunch while I waiting on my dog grooming at Petsmart next door. The restaurant was mildly busy though plenty of well spaced tables were available. Smaller 4 tops as well as a 6 and a round table, plus a long "family-style" table in the center. Lots of good space and windows on three sides of the restaurant - a great location, well designed to be welcoming.On the weekend, they have a brunch menu until 2:00 PM plus their regular sandwich, burger and salad menu. They also offer an eclectic selection of domestic and imported beers, as well as wine. Today seemed like an Eggs Benedict day, so I ordered that with coffee. I was given a number to display at my table and went off to prepare my coffee. A regular and a decaf urn were available with creamer and the usual selection of sweetener products. There is also a soda fountain with Coke products and urns of sweet and unsweet tea.The eggs were brought to my table a few minutes later. Fresh, hot and looking delicious. Two perfectly poached eggs and sliced ham on ciabatta with a good amount of hollandaise sauce, sliced melon and chicken sausage patties (bacon is also available). I found it heavenly and a good portion for $8.99.After finishing my meal, I hung around the restaurant for a while. There is plenty of reading material - newspapers abound and two large screen TV's were tuned in to ESPN and the Food channel. The free wi-fi was easy to connect to and was speedy. Because it was raining, I stayed inside, but they have a dozen tables outside that would be really nice on a sunny day.Good food, good location, good prices. What more can you ask for?
2	I've had lunch, dinner and brunch here a few times with friends. It is ok, but not great. It never fails that something gets forgotten and doesn't make its way to the table. I have had dishes served that were room temperature. The service is a bit on the slow side. It is a good place to sit back and have a muffin and a cup of coffee while reading the paper. However, I can do that at almost any coffee shop in town. They rotate out parts of their menu each season. Which is nice but would be nicer if the food was a bit better. They do a rendition of eggs Benedict right now that is uninspired. Although they try hard to be a bit different, putting ciabatta on the bottom with a Parmesan artichoke spread on it before topping it with ham (not Canadian bacon) then the poached egg (which needs vinegar in the poaching water so they end up with more whites attached to the yolk) then a light hollandaise like sauce. The only item I would actually go back for, they took off the menu. If you see the egg white omelette with asparagus and swiss, order it. It does have a nice flavor.
2	Used to be ok ... now its just not good. Last time I went there was food all over the floor and the tables weren't clean. Add to this a less than tasty burger at a high price, and I'm not going back.
3	I have eaten here a couple times and  the food is pretty consistent. I would say the food is pretty decent.
4	i have eaten here a couple times and i don't think i was unhappy about anything other than their prices. Its kind of expensive to me but it taste good. They have one of the best turkey burgers I've had in a long time and their banana pudding is pretty tasty. The food is made to order and their cashiers are very friendly. Its nice and clean, plus its located in a nice shopping mall.
4	Great food and service. A little pricy for lunch but well worth it!
1	Do not eat here with kids! We were asked to "clean up our mess"  of our 2 18 month olds...is this how you treat parents? The manager said several complaints were made by other guests...is this good customer service? With all the choices and a redundant menu like this...look around especially if you have kids! The food is ok, again there are several choices!!
3	The side cucumber pasta salad is tasty and refreshing, but the sandwiches I've tried so far have been pretty bland.  I love the sweet green tea from their dispensers though.  It's a nice atmosphere
1	Not a place I would go again.  There was nothing on the menu that really stood out to me.  I was actually there about a year ago and left because the menu seemed blah.  Not sure why I went back!The star of my lunch was a cucumber pasta salad. Very good.  My sandwich was just plain awful though.  I had the pimento cheese sandwich on cranberry bread.  What they don't tell you is that the cranberry bread is cut to about the size of toast points, so you are served these two teeny tiny sandwiches.  The bread was truly awful and kind of stale.  I asked for my sandwich cold, but when it arrived it was neither cold or hot, just luke warm blah pimento cheese, which was quite spicy.  Spicy pimento cheese drives me bonkers.  The standard recipe for pimento cheese does not have cayenne pepper in it.  Why do restaurants do this?  It was not listed as spicy on the menu.  Ugh.  The whole thing was just gross and my stomach felt a little off for the rest of the afternoon.If you want this type of food, Panera is a MUCH better choice!
4	I've eaten here about three times and the times beforehand I was like "the food is decent", but I must wasn't ordering the right thing b/c this last time is what earned them 4 stars.  I ordered a Bahama Mama Chicken Wrap with Sweet Pea Salad (see attached pictures that I uploaded for your viewing pleasure)...good!  The Bahama Mama Chicken Wrap wasn't what I expected when i first bite in b/c the chicken was finely chopped like a chicken salad.  The sauce was spicy sweet and the peppers and feta cheese complimented it very well.  This was my first time ever eating Sweet Pea Salad and the cashier gave an accurate description of it when I asked what it was.  Basically, it's sweet peas, shredded cheese, and a mayo mixture.  I know...doesn't sound too good does it, and it didn't sound that great to me also but I'm the type of person who will try something and if I don't like it then I won't get it anymore.  This time was different (don't judge a book by its cover) b/c this stuff was good.  So good that I signed on to Pinterest and pinned a few Sweet Pea Salad recipes.The staff is friendly and if it's your first time then they usually can you help you out with a few of their personal suggestions.  You should try this place if you're in the Steele Creek area...they usually have daily deals and once you're finished you can go shopping since its in a nice shopping center with plenty of choices :)
4	Oh My! I think Just Fresh got it right!They are serving up fresh ingredients in tons of yummy salads, sandwiches and wraps at pretty reasonable prices! I stopped in for lunch on Saturday afternoon and it was pretty packed inside! I settled on the Little Red Rooster wrap which has chicken, ham, applewood smoked bacon, provolone, lettuce tomatoes and honey Dijon on a tomato basil tortilla. The combination of the meats with the honey Dijon was perfect! Everything pair so well together and the tortilla was so full of flavor robust flavor. It was like a party in my mouth...awesome! As a side, I tried the cucumber dill pasta salad, and this was another winner in my book! Great flavors with the seasonings they used and the dill added a very unique flavor! Overall, for the price and portion size, I'm keeping this place as one of my new favorites!
3	I have a Just Fresh under a mile from my house and I've never gone, but somehow I end up eating at this one.. Overall I'd say its definitely three star material. Minimal service (which is how it was designed), edible food, decent prices, clean tables. I had one of the chicken sandwiches and it was alright, nothing amazing. I was full after but I wasn't really satisfied. There were a few things I would have tried if I hadn't given cheese up for Lent, but I'm guessing they all are about the same, mediocre crowd pleaser. I bet there are one or two awesome items on that menu, and in a pinch I could make my way back to one, but I think I can find better lunch.
4	Consistent good quality, reasonable selection make this a good lunch or quick dinner option. Try the turkey burger and sweet potato fries
1	This place as gone way down hill with service. I use to tell everyone how great it is, and if you haven't been in a bout 6 months.. Don't go, just hold on to that memory of a great place. No one there seems to give a hoot about the customers. one of many examples- I phoned my order in, i drove up there (knowing it would be ready).. i paid the cashier, watched her walk over and grab my food... and then she just started chatting with a cook, for several minutes i watch as she held my togo box SIDEWAYS.. i finally walked over and just asked for it, and she handed it over..sideways and all... and this as been the norm now, just a total lack of care about the customer experience. Another time i placed a Togo order, i paid, she said it wasn't ready... 15 minutes later she grabs a box that has been sitting on the counter since before i got there and hands it to me.
4	We were painting our house 3 weekends ago and decided to stop by Just Fresh for a lunch break.  I got the California Dreamer wrap which is roast beef with an artichoke parmesean spread and the cucumber dill pasta salad.  Both were awesome!  I loved the wrap!  I'm not a fan of cucumbers, but I still liked the overall flavor of the pasta salad.Kevin go the Bahama Mama wrap which is chicken with feta cheese and peppers.  It was also fabulous!  I can't wait to try their other wraps as they have some great flavors to their wraps, and they are different than your usual sandwich shop.There was no problem with service, order and wait for the food to arrive at your table.  Food came fast for them being busy.
3	The concept is good, it's kinda like Mcalisters but without the great sweet tea. Their green tea has a hint of mint.The pasta salad is pretty decent. The veggie burger was ok,the avocado is fresh,so is the tomatoes and lettuce but the texture of the veggie burger is too spongy for me.  Maybe I'll come back to try their salads.
