5	Jeff is AMAZING!  Has an amazing selection, but best of all they custom design whatever you can dream of.  He made my wife's wedding ring and it is amazing.  Easy to deal with as well.  Jeff made us feel like we were his only customers whenever we were there and continues to treat us like royalty even though we may not be big spenders like some of his clients.
5	Went in for the Rhodium special. Entire staff was very helpful and friendly. Both rings came out fantastic. I will continue to take our rings here.
5	I have a Cartier Love bracelet and wanted to add diamonds to the bracelet but have been very apprehensive about having it done because fearing that a jeweler would ruin the bracelet. I happened to be passing by Jeff's store and decided to talk to him about modifying my bracelet. He was professional and very knowledgable, I decided to have him do the work. I was told that the bracelet would be completed in 3 weeks. A little over a week passed and I received a call to let me know the job was complete. I was nervous that my bracelet might not look good. To my surprise the bracelet looks beautiful and couldn't have expected a better job. The man is a craftsman. Beautiful precision work and highly recommend his services to anyone looking for a jeweler. Thanks you rock
5	I bought my wife's engagement ring from here and they made the experience so easy as they were very experienced and knowledgeble. They are very nice, have a great selection, and I definitely recommend them to anyone looking for quality jewelry.
5	Very helpful and refreshing to find a business in Las Vegas that still understands building relationships. Brought in  watch,band needed to be replaced,total cost? ZERO..I about fell on the floor. Another example of mom and pop vs corporate mediocrity. There is a reason this store has been around for so many years. If I can I will give them whatever business I can. (Corporate mentality ,take note...this is how you build loyalty).
5	Jeff and His son are Amazing, I wouldn't go anywhere else for my Jewelry. They are so nice and helpful. Most importantly the Jewelry Is great. We got our engagement ring and wedding bands there and have been more then satisfied. They really care about there customers and Recommend everyone to check them out.
5	I needed a ring resized and a friend of mine recommend Jeff White. Quality people and quality work. Now I'm recommending them to all of my friends too! Fantastic jeweler!
5	After stopping at two other jewelers in the village, my Mom and I stopped at Jeff White. We spoke with Kariann and she was beyond helpful when picking out an engagement ring for my GF. My budget was not huge, but none-the-less we found something amazing for the price. Kariann was extremely knowledgeable and most importantly flexible with price.   At JW they're not pushy or disrespectful. Some places won't give you the time of day unless your dropping a small fortune on a ring, not the case here.   They also offered to help out in the future with wedding bands, cleaning, and other services.   I had two days to get the ring on her finger (as I had a plan set for the engagement) and they helped me make it happen!  Their store is east to find too!   I highly recommend them!
5	To me the most important element in a jeweler is TRUST. From the minute I walked in their doors I felt that and I'm so glad to have them as my jewelers. They treat me like family every time I am there. They did an amazing job making my engagement ring, designing and making my mothers necklace and now a bracelet for my baby girl. I love that it goes full circle with them and I have been so thrilled with the outcome of each piece!! Thank you Jeff and Danny!!
5	This is an incredible family business. I had a custom ring designed with Danny and it turned out even better than I could've imagined. They have a lot of expertise in customization and precision work. In addition, they bring customer service and satisfaction to a new level. I've had the privilege of meeting all of the staff and they are all extremely friendly and they are more than willing to help with any questions. Based on my personal experience, I consider them the best in Las Vegas and highly recommend them.
