3	Honestly, I was a bit disappointed. Their window display and cool retro sign made me think I'd have a really terrific shoe shopping experience, and yet, once inside it became evident that Little's is like any other ho-hum shoe store (except on Saturday morning when it was packed with the post-synagogue crowd). After a few minutes of browsing I sighed and shook my head, and then headed over to the the black-and-white-striped big box store at the Waterfront. Oh well.
5	I live in Chicago. Where Michigan Avenue boasts about a thousand different shoe stores. But when I want to find shoes that fit my narrow, shallow feet, I come home to Pittsburgh and head to Little's, where the sales staff actually takes the time to measure your feet and bring out insoles and tell me honestly what is working for me and what isn't. It's pricier than DSW but the customer service is so worth it for me.
4	The staff was exceptionally helpful without making me feel pressured to buy anything.  In fact, there were so many people working the afternoon I came in that I'm not sure how they afford to stay in business. . .maybe they're volunteers, who the hell knows. Their little kid selection is a bit sparse but I'll definitely return for my own shoes.
3	I hadn't been into Little's for years (ever since I went in looking for men's shoes and got looked at strangely), but I had heard they had a particular kind of shoe I wanted, so I headed in. And it was a pretty nice experience. I'm not really used to the "Here, let me help you" kind of shoe store--too many trips to DSW, I guess--so that was strange, at first. But the staff members I talked to were really friendly and helpful. I will definitely go back there, should I find myself in need of shoes again.
4	This place affords a very bizarre shoe-shopping experience.  When I came in, I was immediately greeted by what seemed like 10 people working here.  I'm also unsure why they have so many people on staff, maybe they are 100% commission or something.  Who knows.At any rate, if you are looking to pay full price for shoes, the service really can't be beat.
4	Little's Shoes is another one of those places that seems to have been around forever.  I've been coming here since I was a little girl.  I like the full-service attention I get here and I'm willing to pay for it.  I can't shop at the self-service places like Famous Footwear, Payless, or DSW.  Shoes from those places never seem to fit right.People might think that Little's costs too much.  Well, really you can find shoes in all sorts of styles and price ranges.  Plus the salesperson actually fits your foot and makes suggestions.  I bought this really cute pair of Merrill Agaves.  Plus I needed some hiking shoes too and they had this pair of Merrell Chameleon Arc Stretch hikers that felt really good on my feet.  Not that I was following a Merrill theme here.  I've also found some cute stuff in the past to go with the vintage wear I occasionally wear.  My husband Rick likes this place for shoes too.  He says it's better to pay a little extra and get a pair that will be comfortable and last you.
1	Shoes for those advanced in age, shall we say.  Staff that acts as though they work at a winery in Tuscany ...rather than a shoes store in Pittsburgh.  Upon entering you will be judged immediately upon financial status via a sneering head to toe glance.  Strangers not welcome.
4	Very friendly and helpful staff! When visiting a friend in Pittsburgh, I realized I had forgotten my dress shoes back at home. I was recommended by the locals, that Little's had the best selection for men's dress shoes. The store is a great size and they surprisingly had one of the better selection of men's dress shoes I had seen. They had a fantastic variety of styles and sizes ranging from a variety of prices. The salesman even suggested some great shoes that were actually on sale! I had a fantastic experience here finding replacement shoes! I almost hope the next time I visit Pittsburgh, I forget another pair of shoes so that I can go back and find some new deals!
5	Great store!  The service is impeccable and the selection is awesome.  Granola shoes, fancy shoes, they have it all.  The drawbacks are they are so popular, it's busy and noisy, and they can quickly run out of your size.  Well behaved dogs can come in and try on shoes too.I must have tried on 15 shoes, anything that caught my eye, and finally found a pair I had to have.  Yes, they were expensive, but with no tax on clothes or shoes in PA, in a way I got a 10% discount buying them at Little's instead of in California.  If you find something you love, I bet they could order it for you.  If I lived there, I'd be in Little's all the time, trying on beautiful shoes.  It reminds me of the locally owned shoe store I went to as a kid, with the amazing customer service and attention.
3	Such a great selection of shoes, had to knock off a star because they're so damn expensive...and I'm cheap.
5	Little's makes sure you're happy with your shoes months after your purchase. Ask for Terry. He's awesome.
1	They are either racists or they have no interests in selling their shoes...
4	Good full service. Prices are a little high, but they have a great selection.
5	I loooove shoes! I have over 60 pairs. Some better quality than others. My running shoes, rain boots, hiking shoes, snow boots are all from Little's. When I purchase a shoes from Little's I know I am getting a quality pair of shoes so I'm willing to spend more. Most importantly they have my size (5 1/2) and are willing to order my size if they don't have it in stock. The sales people also will recommend a line or brand of shoes that will run smaller too. There is one sale man who is been particularly helpful who works in the men's department (yes guys they have a whole department for you!) He has helped my husband find many pairs of long lasting shoes in the past. My husband needs more support than most 27 yr olds because of an accident he was in so the guy has given good recommendations of supportive shoes that  aid him in walking which can be uncomfortable after a short period of time. He is very knowledge of the stock and always remembers my husband ans his preferences!
4	Excellent indie shoestore, with knowledgeable staff and a great selection, and great hours. It's hard to find real shoe stores anymore, but this one is worth getting to.
5	I didn't know that shoes could fit like they have already been broken in. The shoes here are a great quality and the service is always wonderful. Lynn has been the one to help multiple generations in my family and she remembers the styles and comfort we each like and makes wonderful recommendations. The sales staff here doesn't just bring out the boxes of shoes and come back later to see how it's going, it is quality service. Shoes may be more expensive here but the quality is much higher and the shoes end up lasting much much longer.
5	Little's is absolutely the best.  Their sales staff are helpful, good humored, and very knowledgeable.  They have an excellent inventory and they carry the brands I like the best.  I have been buying my shoes there for many years, and the store keeps the same high standard of excellent customer service.I like knowing Little's is not a chain store.  I like their experience and selection.I generally buy Naots, and Little's keeps the price competitive with what I would pay online.
4	Great customer service.  Pricey, but you know what you are getting when you walk in.  High quality, good shoes.  Love the Vera Bradley too!
5	I've been shopping at Little's since I was just a girl looking for school shoes, and in nearly four decades of shopping there I've never been disappointed with the shoes, accessories, or the staff. The selection and quality is superb, and though they are pricey, they are worth every penny ! You get what you pay for, truly, so spending a bit more for comfort and a correct fit is an easy decision for me. I have and still wear a pair of leather penny loafers that I bought there in 1984 !!!Also important to note that the sales associates are wonderful - they make excellent recommendations based on your taste and style, are VERY low-pressure, and have always remembered my name even after just one meeting. And they actually FIT you for the shoes - there are so few shoe stores that do that nowadays I can count them on one hand. Everywhere else is basically "self-serve". A special mention for store associate Charlene - she knows me well enough now that she'll bring over selections she thinks I'd like based on prior purchases, and damn ! She gets it right every time !!! I have half a dozen pairs from Little's that I love and I owe them all to her excellent taste and ability to read my "shoe personality".They also have excellent sales, especially on accessories - my last purchase was a small suede, hot pink Cole-Hahn cross-body bag that was ridiculously cheap - something like 70% off ! If you keep an eye out and bide your time eventually everything goes on sale, so be patient ! Bonus points as they do expert shoe-stretching - hard to find in Pittsburgh, but they're my go-to place for the shoes that I've inexplicably outgrown...Five stars for a true Pittsburgh institution !
2	Mixed feeling about Little's, now that I've seen another side of the Little's business ethic after having a problem with a product, and encountering marked difference on the part of the store manager and owner in response to my complaint. I will not buy from Little's again, and this is my experience:We have enjoyed Little's for well over a decade, living in the Squirrel Hill neighborhood and so on. I'll guess that we've spent three or four thousand dollars there in the last 12 years. But the nature of our relationship was always pretty simple: We brought the store money, they gave us shoes. We never asked Little's for anything other than shoes, meaning there were never problems with any products until several months ago. Two pairs of Naot brand men's shoes exhibited a deep split in the polyurethane sole. The split was full thickness, and the shoes were unwearable. On my returning to Littles with two pairs of unwearable shoes, a surprising debate ensued. I explained that I had taken the shoes to an independent repair center for repair, and was told that the defect was well known in this Naot model; that a replacement sole could be provided at 50% the cost of a new shoe. I was warned that the replacement sole would be of the same polyurethane sole that had split prematurely, and that there was no reason to believe the repair would be durable. I then phoned the shoe manufacturer's USA office, and was given what had to be a carefully scripted line by a customer service rep. It was clear to me that Noat was getting many calls in regard to split soles, just like mine. A quick glance at Amazon product reviews confirmed my suspicion: There were many stories of split soles of Naot men's shoes with polyurethane construction. So I felt I owed Little's a visit to, #1 inform them that a product they were selling was troubled and, #2 be given store credit for my two pairs of Naot shoes that were in almost new condition, but which were unwearable by virtue of defect.I visited Little's with the defective Naot shoes. Imagine my surprise when, as a regular customer of Little's for in excess of a decade, living a few streets away from the store, I was instructed that my experience was impossible - the shoe had no problems and the defect was a product of my walking in an odd fashion. The research I'd done on my own and related to the store owner was declared biased and of no relevance. Certainly I was offered nothing in return for my $360 purchase, and there was no mention of hoping to retain me as a customer. Again I stress that this was the first time I had asked for anything, in that up to that moment our relationship was a simple one - I gave Little's money - they gave my wife an me shoes.In summary, Little's has very nice inventory, and a decently helpful sales staff - although their commission pay basis is evident as others have noted. But I'll not again buy from Little's after this experience. The idea that a retail store is there to serve me, so long as service is defined as taking my money, but without followup obligation, doesn't work in our house. My bias is to support local businesses like Little's, but Little's did not reciprocate a bias to support me, a local and repeat customer.
1	I want to like Littles. I really, really do. In fact, I love shoes so much I want to love Littles. So much so that I've gone back several times despite being treated poorly time and time again.  Today, while shopping for my toddler a salesperson actually took a shoe that I had been looking at out of my hand to sell to his client. Who does that?? On what planet is that appropriate customer service? I've also been pushed out because they were closing soon by staff and on various occasions completely ignored.  They have nice shoes, but there is nothing here that you cannot find elsewhere without the rude staff.  I'm amazed that they work on commission, just absolutely amazed.
