3	Cool new Japanese / Sushi Place.  Power & Ray.Some really cool unique rolls and tons of options for non-sushi eaters. I would say that the only issue they have, is that they do not have a Sushi ordering chart. You basically order the Sushi off the menu, so if you have a large group it may get confusing. I think they need to add a quick sushi ordering chart, so you can write down what you want. I think this will help the waiter or waitress as well.
1	Just got back from Red Koi in Mesa.  Food was OK, prices were not.Furthermore, I received a coupon from them in the mail a couple weeks ago, which happened to expire several days ago.  When the server took the coupon to the manager to see if they could honor it, the manager refused.I'm sorry, but Red Koi is a new restaurant, trying to get new customers in there.  My fiance and I went there for our first time and they cant honor a coupon that expired just a few days ago?   I work in this industry, and restaurants are hurting right now.  Turning away new customers is bad business, and thus we wont be going back there again.  There are plenty of other restaurants in the Mesa/Gilbert area that treat their customers better.
3	This place is alright. There is a nice selection on the menu. I got the chicken karage meal and thought it tasted a little bland. The salad dressing that comes on the salad was not good... all 3 people with me thought the same. My hubby got a sushi platter and said it was pretty good. My friend got the seafood curry and seemed to enjoy it. Reasonable prices. I'd like to try the curry next time or maybe some udon noodles and the only reason I'd go again is because of the convenience factor of it being so close to home. I just seen an ad for this place and they now offer pho noodles and I thought "in a Japanese restaurant?" whatever
1	I am from Japan, and know Japense food.  Red Koi is a typical non-Japanese owned pseudo Japanese restaurant.   I went there once for dinner, and it'll be my first & last time to go there.   Food tasted just like food court pseudo Japanese food with much higher price tag.
5	We were very pleased with our experience at this restaurant.  A very large menu with many choices, high quality food at a reasonable price.  We have pretty sophisticated palates and were impressed.   I will definitely be going back again.
4	we went for lunch. their lunch bento box specials are a good value. their salad dressing was excellent and the ca rolls were yummy. good value for Japanese food which usually costs a lot more. i would definitely come here again. its close to my house and their food is delicious.
4	Food was excellent. We had the Crazy Shrimp roll, veggie & shrimp tempura appetizer, and a few other things. Took our mother-in-law (a sushi rookie) and she loved it too. Worth a visit.
4	I went into this place for the first time and I thought it was really good.  I ordered the chicken Katsu combination. I also ordered california rolls that were good since I don't eat sushi. My husband had the terriaki chicken and thought my food was better even though his was still good. I would go there again. The Sushi chef was nice too.The only think that I didn't like was that they gave me one "not full small bowl" of rice and I asked for more and they charged me. I have never been to a place that charged extra for rice.
4	wow, i wish i had tried this place sooner. loved it! the atmosphere was very clean and modern with an aquarium hosting an array of fish. there was not a hint of pretentiousness. we went in early (4:30ish) so there was no wait and not many people in the restaurant. it started to pick up as we were leaving, but i definitely wonder how this place is doing. it just seems sort of hidden.we ordered the alaska roll, red dragon roll and the princess roll. all of them were delicious! the princess roll was definitely the most visually appealing, but the alaska roll was my favorite. it was crab stick, avocado, and cucumber with salmon and lemon on top. all of the fish was extremely fresh and delicious.the service was also excellent, and the place just had a relaxing vibe. i will definitely go back!
3	For starters this place does not map properly on google or anything else even though the address is correct. Its actually located off the 202 San Tan at Power and Ray Rd on the East side of the rd from Wal Mart.The atmosphere was very nice. I really liked the tables and dishes. The miso soup was very good and cheap as well. The prices on everything were very reasonable. There are several sushi restaurants along power and I definitely believe that this was one of the better ones (unfortunately thats not saying too much).The rolls were pretty good. A bite or 2 of the uni on the Jade roll tasted a bit suspect but overall the jade roll was good. The avocado and creme cheese gave it a smooth texture.  The super albacore roll was nicely seared on the outside. The tiger roll was a bit spicy for my weak taste buds but had good flavor.
3	Yummy sushi in a clean atmosphere. I hope this place makes it because we need good sushi on the east side. Love their salad dressing too!
5	We love this place. The atmosphere was really nice. The service was excellent. The miso soup and house salad (or side salad) are delicious. Every sushi roll is delicious. Our favorite is Red Koi sushi roll. This place is great! Love it.
3	pretty good... we went there once and the food wasn't that good.  but we have gone back and the food was better must have just been an off night.  everything is yummy.  the dishes are better then the sushi!  we breing our kids every time so very kid friendly.
4	I think I'm glad that I didn't try Red Koi when it first opened.  They've had some time to work the kinks out.  We've been here at least five times and have had consistently great food and service.  Their entrees are fabulous (love the Bento box for lunch - $7).  My husband tried the noodle soup and he thought it was great.  Their chicken katsu is made the right way (thin chicken breast, panko breadcrumbs, crispy).  We've tried sushi and many of the entrees...EVERYTHING was good.  It's so great to have this little gem so close to home.  The kids even love it.  We'll be back!
3	Stopped in here for a quick lunch. Sat at the sushi bar since it was just me but still had the server/host taking my order.  Service was slow, but friendly.  I had the Under the Sun Roll and a miso soup.  The miso was "OK" - a bit bland, but with enough soy and sriracha sauce it was good.  The roll was quite tasty and very fresh, although for $11 I thought it was a little steep. Still on the search for a really good but cheap sushi place (kind of a "hole-in-the-wall" place!), but this place will do for the time being.
4	This place is awesome!  Not just Japanese food.  Such variety and attention to detail.  Wide variety of sake and Asian beers.  $7 dollar lunch specials pho and bento boxes.  Soooo clean inside.  One of my favorite places to eat.
3	Nice atmosphere and friendly service (although a bit slow at times). Unfortunately our biggest reason for giving red koi 3 stars is the food. The sushi was ok at best and the beef teriyaki was rubbery and flavorless. We wanted to like this place but unfortunately we wont be back.
4	I've been following Red Koi since the sign went up before they opened, and I waited to write a review until I could give them four stars. They have definitely improved over time. This is Izakaya-style pub food, not Japanese fine dining, and they do a good job of it.Our most recent meal was the best yet. We had five dishes plus sake during happy hour, thoroughly enjoyed all of it, and the check was just $31. For $2, the tempura onions are a delicious no-brainer addition to any meal. The chicken katsu is excellent (though the pork katsu, when I've had it, has been tough). The sushi is great and beautifully presented, though anything dipped in soy and wasabi tastes good to me (having taught English in Japan for a year, I enjoy sushi, but am no connoisseur). At a previous meal, my wife ordered fried rice but wanted the meat replaced with vegetables. The chef added small brown mushrooms that looked gorgeous and added a wonderful earthy note to the rice. I have one big gripe with Red Koi. They serve pho. Not ramen, pho. I love pho, but there are dozens of Vietnamese pho joints along the Dobson Asian corridor that make it much, much better than Red Koi ever will. Why, Red Koi, why? Do you want to make good Japanese food, or sink into pan-Asian mediocrity?
1	What  was I thinking when I ordered Pho at this place? sucked sooooo bad!!!! I was totally craving a rich broth and noodles on a cold day and out came this flavorless bowl of soup and noodles. Since I had two not so good experiences with this place I won't return.
2	I'm a bit annoyed because, for the most part, I like the food at this place. However, they are getting 2 stars because I just called to do a take-out order and was told "we are too busy to do takeout right now"...WTF??Granted it is Friday night at 8 PM, but I could have been told my take-out would take 1 or 1 1/2 hours and I would have been cool with it...Look, the place does not have very much seating. Besides: I don't feel like going out tonight...why can't I have my take-out???
2	The average tasting sushi and friendly service was totally undone by the nearly hour long wait to get our food after ordering. The place isn't very big and was not busy when we place our order so the wait, in my opinion, was totally unjustified. Nice, clean and fairly priced...but way too slow.
4	This is one of our favorite restaurants despite the high turnover and occasionally crappy service. The sushi/sashimi is fresh and the meals are large and delicious.
5	This is one of our favorite places to go for sushi. The head chef is so friendly and will create rolls just for us (ask for the Tuna on Fire MANNY style!!!) and the service has always been fast and friendly. We've held large parties there, and our waiters/waitresses always remember what our favorite dishes/drinks are.I'm so sorry others haven't had the same experiences that we've had over the year. But I couldn't imagine going anywhere else. This is coming from a person who hated sushi before I tried their calamari, salmon skin and tuna on fire rolls. Just sent my husband to go pick up our take out order. ;)
3	I went to Red Koi yesterday because I was off from work and really craving some sushi.  I didn't want to spend too much money so I thought I would try this place.The rolls are pretty overpriced so I stayed away from them and actually ordered their Bento Box lunch.  For $7.50 you can order an entree dish and it comes with 4 pieces of California roll, salad, and white rice.  You can add another entree dish for $2.50.  So I ordered Shrimp Tempura and Chicken Teriyaki.  It came with three Shrimp tempura and a small bowl of chicken teriyaki.  The Shrimp Tempura was good.  The Chicken teriyaki was a little dry but if you sopped up the teriyaki sauce that was in the bottom of the bowl it was okay.  The teriyaki sauce was actually pretty flavorful and I wish the chicken had more of the teriyaki flavor.  The small salad was fresh and the ginger dressing was delicious.  The California roll was good as well.  They put a lot of crab and it was just a thin layer of rice which was a nice departure from those sushi rolls that seem to be all rice!Presentation of my food was pretty great.  Very clean and everything separated on the plate which is great for someone with OCD.  Service was okay.  I didn't really have a main server.  Seemed as if it was two people just taking care of everyone which seemed to work for the lunch crowd. The restaurant is clean and has a laid back atmosphere.  Also the bathroom are clean as well.  I'll definitely come back and try more of the sushi when budget allows.
5	We love the sashimi and sushi at the Red Koi.  Very Good quality sashimi and the service is wonderful. We frequent the Red Koi about every two weeks and have found the food quality the same every time we go, we actually crave eating it, it is Sooo Goood!  The atmosphere is casual and very clean. We order the sashimi, the Tuna on Fire roll ( spicy hot and yummy) and the volcano roll (very yummy). The pricing is about the same as most japanese restaurants but the quality here is great!
5	I am japanese lived in japan and love the food at the red Koi.  My fiance thought a california roll was eating authentic japanese foiod until I brought him here.  The sashima is a beautiful dish and very tasty.  We always order at least a couple of rolls. The volcano roll is not too hot and has crab and scallops with panco. We love the tuna on fire and the gumbo roll.  They are very tasty and hot just they way we like it.  They offer more traditional dishes at very reasonable prices.  We are here every other week and when we have company in town.. Try it you will love it.
3	Ate here for the first time the other night with my wife. It was happy hour so we stuck to the rolls on special. To our delight everything was great. The tootsie roll was our favorite but we also liked the calamari roll and the spicy tuna.  The only knock was the seaweed was way too chewy had it been better I would give it 4 stars. We will eat here again for sure.
3	Pretty good.  I have a picky seven-year-old and I lucked out in finding this place: they serve fries.  This is usually not the metric I use for guiding me to sushi restaurants, but then again, I normally don't bring my kid.  He enjoyed the kids dinner (terikayi chicken, fries, and weiners). My Mom tried a steak stir fry and said it was good.  I tried a couple of special rolls, which I thought we just OK, a spicy tuna hand roll, and an order of smelt roe nigiri. The hand roll was great.  I've had spicy tuna that was anything but spicy, and this was right on the mark in terms of piquancy.  Smelt roe was fine; no surprises.  It was totally worth ordering for the look on my son's face when I told him those were fish eggs and then proceeded to eat it.  The service was attentive and friendly.
5	We are here again and this time we tried the spicy calamari roll.  Delicious! Wr also had the house salad love the dressing. We have not been disappointed anytime we eat here.  Food is always great and the staff is friendly.
3	My husband and I go there when we are craving Japanese food and do not want to drive too far from the house.  The restaurant is very kid friendly for our 3 year old... He enjoys the kids meal...The sushi is just "so so".....we have had much better, but also worse.The wait staff are friendly and the service has been prompt on our visits (normally weeknights)....We will continue to frequent Red Koi.
4	Red Koi has nice atmosphere...the rolls were very well made and fresh tasting. I would have given it 5 stars except this. We were there for happy hour and once our waiter took our initial order he pretty much waited until happy hour was over to come back to the table...in spite of us looking his way and trying to get his attention. In very poor taste if they were trying to limit our taking advantage of really good happy hour prices and menu selection! For a first visit you would think they would want new customers to try the food and be won over...I guess not.  We will however go there again for sure as it beats Kona Grill sushi at San Tan mall hands down.
4	I really do love Red Koi, but since the prices went up...maybe six months ago we don't go there as often. they redecorated and the menu changed a bit, but the food is consistently amazing! Service is iffy, depends on who you get. I wish we could do it every weekend like we used to, but it's more of a special treat now.
2	I used to come here all the time and the food and service was both great. Went there today to have a lunch date with my 4 year old and was shocked at how much things changed. I asked for a simple substitution to the lunch combo (miso soup instead of cali roll)  the waiter looked at me like I was an alien, told me that they wouldn't substitute miso soup for the cali roll but that he could give me another side of rice instead. After trying to explain to him that I did not want to have the cali roll at all and would be willing to pay extra for a miso soup we finally got our food. The presentation was pretty but the food was pretty terrible, I've had better miso soup from the pre-packaged bags you buy at the grocery store, also my teriyaki chicken tasted like something a kid threw on the george foreman grill. When I finally got the bill it was total rape-age. Way more than what a lunch combo ($7.50) plus 2 miso soups ($2 ea) and side of rice should have cost... I was too disappointed to even bother arguing about the bill so I paid it and left... Will not be going there again.
1	My other half and I went there Saturday night 5-5-12 for my birthday we entered the door at 9:28PM.  We were greeted by the host who said "WE CLOSED"  I said the door says 10:00 PM then the host again said, "WE CLOSED NOW",  I told the host we go there quite allot and I will not come here again if you are going to close the door in our face.  I left displeased so I called to talk to the manager and was able to get the owner Jason.  Jason said we are closed early.  I explained I go there quite often and if you are going to close the door in my face I will not come back.  The owner Jason said in a wise voice, "Go ahead, I don't care"  I also said if you do not want my money I will go to Sushi Creek in Queen Creek, They will not close the door in my face.  Jason said in a wise voice, "Tell Paul, I said Hi" Paul is the owner of Sushi Creek. I am a business man and I know I WILL NEVER visit a restaurant where my business is not appreciated or welcome.  Jason is a complete wise ass and I would like to tell as many people as I can.  The owner really does not care if you come there or not.  I give Red Koi one star because that is the lowest I can give them.
3	Red my favorite color.Red Koi, not my favorite restaurant, but I'll give it more of a try. Let's be honest, I'm not one to venture out into Gilbert in the far edges of Phoenix where the horse lords of Rohan roam. Every now and then I'll be out there. I visited Red Koi with my family and order the Soba Noodles with Chicken. It was a tad bit on the saucy side and too salty for me.  I gather it was because of the sauce.  My family likes their Chicken Pho there so definitely next time I'll try it out.Ambience is cool. I really enjoy the fish tanks on both sides when you walk in.  Service was okay, but it seemed pretty busy when we came so I'm not going to complain about my water.  I generally need it filled 3-4 times. - Enjoy!
3	I've eaten here twice now.  Both times food was very good but service lacked a little.  Very young staff and not knowledgable of the menu or timing.  It's a good place to go if you are with people who aren't huge sushi fans.
5	I love this place! Great sushi and great service! I have never been disappointed when coming here. The atmosphere is extremely relaxing!
5	We really enjoyed out visit to Red Koi. We went on a Sunday evening shortly after they opened  (at 5:00pm on Sundays). There were only two other tables dining when we came in. Our waiter was really friendly, but not overbearing.The menu is good, we were able to pick from happy hour specials as well as the full menu. I got the small sashimi plate, seaweed salad and the shrimp and vegetable tempura. For dessert, I got the mango mousse cake for dessert. My husband and I also split the eel and white tuna nigiri. It was all really good, fresh, delicious. I also thought the prices and portion sizes were competitive, very reasonable for Japanese. My husband got beef yakisoba and it was a nice big portion. With my meal, my husband's dinner, his cheesecake (which he said was very good) for dessert, and a carafe of sake, our total was $57. But we had really a lot of food.It was great, and the atmosphere was really nice. I heard some Zero 7 and something from the Tron soundtrack, so they tend to play low key electronic music, very nice. My husband and I will definitely be going again, this was a nice find.
4	This is my go-to sushi place in Gilbert. There is a great variety of sushi, and non sushi items, and the food is consistently good. I always bring sushi lovers here, and they always want to come back.The only reason I gave 1 star is because my husband, who does not like sushi, was not a fan of the teriyaki. I agree that it was bland.
5	Just as a per-cursor I've only been to this restaurant for lunch and it's never been crowded when I go so service so for me has always been awesome!This is the spot! I have been to Sushi restaurants all over the valley a lot of times you will hear a review that says "It's nice to get a decent restaurant in Gilbert", but this is the spot regardless of where you're at in the valley. It's very clean and modern with red and black theme that is just awesome. It's at least as good if not better than restaurants I've been too including downtown Phoenix or Scottsdale. Their lunch specials are amazing all priced under $8 and includes things from Pho to a pork katsu bento to calamari tempura sushi rolls. I've tried almost everything on their lunch menu and have never been disappointed. This place is almost never busy for lunch so if you're in the area don't forget to stop in because I'd hate to loose this restaurant as my families go to place for lunch. Right now road construction makes people reluctant to patronize businesses along Power but fortunately Red Koi is located at a light so even making left hand turns into it or out of it makes it easy so don't let the construction deter you from stopping in!
3	Can I give 3.5? I do like it. I've been there 3 times and on my birthday too. Maybe I should give it a 4 for Gilbert. Anyway... I like it enough to keep going back the sushi is ok. I'll get it carefully. But I get it carefully ANYWHERE in Arizona. It's the desert. I really go for the Pho. It's not great but it's good and it's about 4 miles from my home! I typically drive about 20 miles to Dobson in Mesa to get Pho. So this tastes really good. Regarding the service. No, it's not bubbly and overly friendly you're not at TGI Fridays but they get the job done. I think it's just called Red now.
5	Absolutely the best Japanese restaurant ever visited, from San Francisco to Phoenix, and in between.     Super selection from all the Sushi, teriyaki , etc, but the best is all the unique and extensive speciality rolls.   My favorite is the "Bayou Gumbo Roll".  Semi-spicy with some very special items such as crawfish.  We found them from a review in the ARIZONA REPUBLIC NEWSPAPER, food review section.   They were given a very excellent review, and I know agree there were correct.  We have been several times and the food never changes.   It is interesting that the name on their card doesn't have the word "Koi" in the name, but it's the correct address.
5	This is by far the BEST sushi restaurant I've ever gone to.  The Volcano, unbelievable.
4	Very good sushi.  I was quite impressed.  A bit of a drive since I live in Phoenix, but definitely work going to for occasions.  Went on an early Sunday evening and it was nice and quite.  Intimate little place.
3	They have a very good place but the sushi is not prepared the best. It's still very good but needs improvement. The staff are very friendly and accommodating also very cute. Not my number one pick from the bunch but worth the occasional visit. Love their sake and beer as well.
5	We went here because a friend recommended it & we were completely satisfied! The staff were friendly, happy and efficient. We arrived for happy hour and as we were deciding on what to try we noticed the staff were cleaning all the chairs and tables thoroughly! The whole place is so clean and neat, which was a huge plus to my wife since she is OCD about cleanliness!We tried the Spring rolls, Tootsie roll, Triple Threat roll & Rainbow roll. Since my wife had never had true (raw) sushi she was nervous, but she did nothing but rave about how good it was!We also had an Obrien beer & an Ahasi(?) which was a nice change too.Great service and the food was even better!It's a must!
5	This has been out 4th outing at red koi and in those 4 we always were greeted and served in the best possible manner. Other local resturaunts should take note as to how to run a resturaunt. Food is top notch and of a good variety. Pricing is deffinetly fair.Will be back again and again.
4	I will preface my review by noting that I am a Japanese American, and have lived in Southern California for most of my life.  Sushi bars are on nearly every other street corner in some parts of Orange County, and I've had my fair share of excellent, and terrible sushi.This is the best Japanese place we've found in eastern Gilbert.  Is it authentic?  The owners are not Japanese, but this is darn near as close to the real thing as I'm going to find in AZ.I've been to this restaurant multiple times with my husband.  We usually go on a weekday just after work, around 5:30, to take advantage of happy hour (served until 6pm).  There's always at least one or two other tables already filled, no matter what day we go.  Notes on price/serving size: 1) It's a restaurant that sell sushi, which must be FRESH, else risk poisoning your patrons.  Since this is AZ, fresh ingredients are expensive to obtain.  Some ingredients are difficult to find locally, and must be imported.  For these reasons, the price will be higher than other types of restaurants.  No matter where you live, expect to pay more for sushi than a burger joint. 2) Sushi restaurants in general have small portions.  Even if you eat until you are stuffed, an hour or two later you will not doubt feel snack-ish.  This is because rice expands in your stomach, making you feel full.  If you want more for your money, order chicken, beef, or sashimi, and limit your rice intake.Don't like fish?  Pregnant?  No problem.  There are plenty of other things on the menu at this restaurant other than raw fish.  If you enjoy noodles, their Pho is quite good, and I always enjoy the udon, which comes with a little slice of Kamaboko, something that is VERY difficult to find around these parts.  They also have an impressive selection maki (rolled) sushi to choose from.  I did not care as much for the teriyaki bowl; the sauce is not as sweet as I was expecting, but the vegetables were fresh and very good.Why not 5 stars, you ask?  Once in awhile, the waitress gets my order slightly wrong.  But, the food is so good that I don't call her on it.  No matter what they put in front of me, I'm going eat and enjoy.
4	The place is pretty good! Off the corner on Ray and Power Rd, it's a decent sized restaurant hidden slightly in the back of a plaza. When I walked in, I was greeted to modern styled Japanese decor which was very nice and worked well with the environment it was in. My friend and I were quickly seated and got cracking on the menu. They had a typical Japanese-American menu with a few staples such as miso soup and veggie and shrimp tempura. After looking around the menu for a while, I decided to get the veggie and shrimp tempura and the Fire and Ice roll. The veggie and shrimp tempura were cooked well, just the right amount of batter and cooked to the right time to have the nice crunch on the outside, yet the softness of the veggies and shrimp on the inside of it's panko/batter crust. The Fire and Ice roll was pretty good, the only thing that I had a slight issue was that the roll was fried for a bit too long. The batter on the ends of it felt a bit too thick for the roll, but other than that the roll was great! The flavors worked well and the presentation was well executed. It's a little expensive at about $9-10 dollars a roll, but I for sure will be coming back!
1	Frequented this restaurant for lunch about 2 x a week, where I enjoyed their Pho soup. I went today and was charged$11.83!!!! It used to be about $8.00.....I REFUSE TO PAY ALMOST 12.00 for a bowl of soup!!! They just lost a good customer.
1	Smells and sushi does not appear to be fresh.  Staff not friendly.  Would not recommend
4	Great place, friendly staff and great food!
5	The garlic tuna and Alaska roll are our family favorites.  We have been coming here for years.  Easy to get a table 99% of the time.  Frequently small mistakes in service occur but are minor (such as delayed drinks or waiting a little long on the bill).  We canNOT find better sushi anywhere around the area.  It is so good!  We stop in several times a month.  It is worth a little extra patience with the servers. I debated about giving it five stars but the sushi itself is five star worthy everytime!
4	My wife and I live for sushi! We eat it everywhere. We ran into this place and tried it out. We enjoyed it. Everything we are was good! Plus, they have chopped wasabi! That it a huge plus to us!!
5	Flew into town on Christmas Day.  Starving and on a chance we stopped by to see if they were open.  Yay they were, and busy.  Guess we weren't the only hungry folks on Christmas.
5	This place has an amazing menu selection of sushi plates and entrees for those who aren't keen on seafood. I am a sushi addict and I fell in love with this place as did my boyfriend, who isn't a sushi eater (he had the Chicken Katsu)! Great atmosphere and ambiance. The staff are very friendly. We ate here on a Saturday which is all day happy hour. The prices are great and the servings sizes are normal. (Unlike other sushi places who make smaller portions during the happy hour.) The only thing was the service was a little slow but we were there to enjoy our night so we didn't mind. Great place to dine!All the dishes we had we're amazing!!Appetizers:Sweet Fried OnionEntree:Chicken Katsu with RiceSushi Rolls:Las Vegas Roll Tootsie Roll
3	I had Katsu Curry lunch here! The rice was not fulfilling but enjoyable!!
5	The sushi here is wonderful. The service is top-notch and the portions are very generous. Their menu offers a wide variety of rolls and traditional sushi and sashimi favorites.What makes Red so special is that it's not your run-of-the-mill sushi chain restaurant.
3	Now just called RED.  They dropped the word Koi from the name about a year ago.  Possibly a change of ownership.I really liked that place when they had Katsu Curry.  It's a difficult dish to find here and one of my favorites.  They don't have the curry any more and I haven't been back since.
4	Soft-shell crab very good but a little salty.Grilled Yellowtail Kama excellent!Not sure if I believe some of the bad reviews. Maybe they have gotten better or maybe we are just here on a really good day.
5	Love them but as they have become more busy the waiters are not able to handle the volume.
2	Either the fish are smaller or they aren't making their food cost. Sashimi slices 1/2 the size of any other place I've eaten . Same for the rainbow roll...no longer a good value....this isn't Tokyo or San Francisco where the fish is so fresh it's worth it. Save your money.
1	I came here for my birthday dinner and was sat after only a two or three minute wait. Then we just sat at the table while nobody noticed us whatsoever. I ended up leaving because no one would even acknowledge our existence. I called them up to let them know that I had left and that no one had even asked us what we wanted to drink and the man who answered the phone just said, "ok." No apology, nothing at all. Their prices did were not great either. Needless to say I will not be back because I don't care for being ignored.
5	This place has an amazing pho, looking for a place that's closer to east mesa to replace Saigon in chandler. The service is amazing, I don't know how many times I've asked for tea and my server just kept it coming! Love this place.
2	The sushi here is fine but nothing special. I placed an order for pick up. I had looked up the menu on two different websites. I ordered three roles to share with my husband and it was suppose to total $20. When I got there it was $28. When I told them that the prices online were different they just said they changed the menu recently. I asked if they had a menu I could take with me they said no. I don't think we will be back. There are better sushi places for the same price.
1	Happy hour is a joke, service is horrible and customer service is interesting. Don't come here! They have such low quality sushi on top of having horrible service. I still paid and I paid $25 during happy hour! The pot stickers are smaller than your baby toe, thinner than a pencil and they burned them. I will not be going back a better alternative is sea star sushi off of chandler heights and power. Happy hour is only $1 off but, better sushi, better service and overall the best we have in town. It's nothing like RA I love that place but it's something small for queen creek.
1	This was one of the worst restaurant experiences of my life. Our server actually said this to us: 'Your order was too difficult AND you wanted split checks!!!' Please note, we had five adults and one child, (and the child didn't eat!) It was so sad! Please don't go to this restaurant! I would NOT recommend this restaurant! Thank you!!
4	I like this place.  It's close to home and everyone leaves with a smile in there face.  Resctable pho and shushi.  Good food, beer and wine.  Broad menu for a family run shushi resturant.
3	This place was just alright. I've been wanting to go here for a while, but wasn't super impressed. It was supposedly happy hour, but there really wasn't anything that told you what the happy hour deals were. We found out when we got our check that it was like 25 cents to a dollar off different sushi rolls. So basically a pretty lame happy hour.   We didn't try the specialty rolls as those are not worth the money if there isn't a legit happy hour in my opinion, so the traditional rolls were pretty good. They were very basic so nothing special, but they were also very small. I was surprised with how little sushi came out. I tend to judge a place by how much wasabi they give, and they gave very little wasabi and didn't even provide ginger. The soy sauce was so salty I stopped using it. The miso soup was good, but they skimped on the tofu. So again, the food was good, but probably not worth my time and money to come back unfortunately.
5	Great spicy edamame is to die for!  This is the best sushi in the east valley for sure.  If I'm wrong please let me know.  I would like the challenge.
4	Good happy hour!. Liked the red wasabi. Good rolls. We had the triple threat and las. vegas.Don't live in the area but woulda eat here again if I was near.
2	Atmosphere was great and rolls were pretty good but service was terrible. Had to ask for water twice. Had to hunt down a server to get our check.
3	Use to go here at least once a week but customer service became awful and there is better sushi and customer service else where. I no longer go there even though I live close.
5	Garlic tuna roll and Vegas roll were amazing ! Place was clean. Wish there was outdoor seating.
3	If I had written this review when Red first opened they would have received 4 stars, but unfortunately prices went up and food quality went down. We have been fans of Red ever since they opened. We have a large family and frequently like to gather here for dinner. My favorite is the California Tempura Roll, even my kids love it, and my husband's favorite is the Las Vegas Roll. The restaurant has a nice atmosphere, but the floor is always sticky. The service has always been very slow, and I mean really slow. I have noticed that that is a frequent complaint. You also have to hunt someone down for refills on your drink. Ever since the new changes in prices and food quality, we haven't been in several months. Good place, but used to be better.
5	Super good. We just drove by looking for something to eat and saw it. We are glad we stopped. I had their Vegas roll and Miso soup. Soooo good!! My husband had the chicken karaage and chicken katsu. He loved both of them. It was his first time having the chicken karaage. He will definitely have it again.
4	Ordered saki bombs, wine, and sushi on the happy hour menu.  Four adults and drink's around $90 with tip. Very good value!
5	I have lived here for 2 years now and the "hunt" for good sushi and a clean and friendly environment have been a tough search........ My daughter and I came across Red Koi by accident ( alittle hidden and hard to see from the road) But with that said,  we now eat there atleast once a week....... Its cute, charming, staff is friendly and helpful and the food is great!!!If you live in or near the area you should definitely try it out :)
