4	This is the larger Mathers bar which is in a very good position near town centre. Drinks are cheap with good selection of beers. Mainly locals but worth a visit due to it being cheap.
3	This is the second of two Mathers pubs in Edinburgh, although as this one is in the West End I would say it's probably the slightly classier one (take that description with a pinch of salt, this is definitely not a 'classy' pub). There is a well stocked bar with a good selection of malts and ales that won't cost you an arm and a leg. The pub has a few tables dotted about, but most of the clientele stand (perhaps sitting is for wimps and girls?). Mathers is perfect If you're looking for a traditional, no frills pub - just remember to leave your pretensions at the door.
3	Mathers is a small bar with an excellent hole-in-the-wall, 'local' feel, including friendly, knowledgeable staff who make everyone feel welcome.  The only concern I had was that no one seemed to be eating there; this concerned my friends enough -- based on the amount of time we were there and the number of locals who came through -- that we went elsewhere for the meal without checking on a menu.  That's somewhat of an unfair comment since we didn't ask, but I wanted to mention it because it seemed strange to us that evening.  I would definitely return at least for drinks again though!
2	I went to Mathers West End tonight to watch the US game. We scored in the first minute and the four of us Americans who showed up cheered happily. Unfortunately, the bar regulars did not take kindly to that and made their displeasure known, repeatedly, throughout the rest of the first half (we quickly left at half-time). I am a recent expat to Edinburgh, but I have never felt more out of place, nor have I ever had to deal with ANYONE being hostile toward Americans. People in this great city are usually so welcoming to the yanks. Unfortunately the surly barmaids did nothing but comfort the poor natives who had to watch 4 Americans enjoy their team's goal in the World Cup. Please take down the American flag and don't tell anyone else to come to this bar for USA games, I don't want visitors to think this bar represents this wonderful city.
