4	Nice sized store, and good option for those claustrophobic types that cant handle Trader Joes, they have a HUGE beer & wine selection too that is a big PLUS for me! They have those sanatizing wipes for the carts I am thankful for those and a free useful nutritional mag with coupons in it they hand out.
5	Looking for great quality in produce and a great, reasonable price, then this is the store for you. I only found this place last year, but it is now the only place I shop for produce. Their prices always seem to be lower than any other supermarket and the quality of the produce is outstanding. It's the one place I buy my seedless watermelon and it comes out so sweet and juicy when I cut it open. They do have specialty items, mostly organic, also in the store and their own deli and bakery, but my main discovery was the excellent vegetables and fruit.
4	Shopped here right after arriving from San Francisco and I can say that the amount of Organic products is very comparable to the stores back home.   I was very surprised at the variety of vegan options as well.  I also favored the amount of bulk herbs, spices, and nuts that Sunflower had to offer.  The price of organic vegetables is VERY economical considering the market for organic produce demand in the valley.  I do have to point out however, that the customer service could have been better. The store manager was very accommodating but it pretty much ended there.  I would love to see this chain develop widely in the Phoenix area, then maybe they will start carrying Seitan, and start using only paper bags (though costly, it is an environmental investment) as plastic is VERY bad for the environment!!!
4	My wife has gone gluten-free this summer, and slowly I'm being sucked into better healthier eating habits! (Yikes, what's a wine swilling, carnivore eating male extremis to do? Oh, adapt for sanity. Got it).Anyway, in our quest to be gluten free, we've shopped a bunch at Sunflower lately. Wow. I love this store. i feel healthy walking into it! Just last week, we got all our gluten free products for 30% off during the store's one-day sale. Is that cool or what? I'm slowly foregoing the Frys/Albertson's of the world in favor of Sunflower. See me slim down. Maybe. :-)
4	I was just reminded that I need to write a review of the market I've been finding myself at lately.  Yes, it is right around the corner from where I live and yes, I've been ignoring it for years.  But now I've come to my senses and frequent this store.  Lots of fruit and veggies, bulk items, healthy food.  I can't believe they have the exact veggie snacks that I loved when Trader Joes used to carry them.  (note, this is what I don't like about Trader Joes, they have something I love and then they stop carrying it)  I like the prices at this store too, I am becoming thrifty in my sorta old age.  I will continue to shop here and enjoy my finds.  Friendly people work here too, also a plus.  Enjoy!
5	Living in Central Phoenix I recently heard of this market through a friend who lives in Scottsdale (would like to know why there isn't at least one of these markets in Phoenix...) I fell in love. This place is like Trader Joe's and Sprouts love child. I was amazed by their fruit. I find that going to a lot of other grocery stores their fruit seems tasteless even bitter. I bought tangelos and organic apples from this place and ate all my fruit within the same night. They have an incredible array of organic, vegetarian and vegan foods all at reasonable prices. I have been trying my best to go organic, even trying to eat vegetarian and find it difficult to do with so many tasteless options. Sunflower Market was able to provide even more than expected for my vegetarian meals. Also weird side note, I am a huge fan of garbanzo beans and find a lot of places have "eh" garbanzo beans, wow, these are yummy. I threw them in a vegetable soup I also bought from there, super good! I also purchased some organic beauty products and hemp lotion. They had stuff I haven't seen anywhere else. Lots of what they had smelled wonderful, not just the herbal scent a lot of natural products I have used tend to have. Give it a try, perhaps when you have a little extra time on your hands to check it out. I also go online to see their weekly adds. They really load their adds up with all sorts  sales and items.
4	This place has helped me with my chocolate covered raisin addiction as I get them from the bulk bins. I have to be careful as to not go overboard and stick with only a pound of them as they are a little pricey, but so very good. I enjoy coming here for all my fresh fruit and vegetables as well. I mean anytime you can get three or four ruby red grapefruits for a dollar? Two bell peppers for a dollar? See where I am going with this. I make it a running joke with myself to see if I can come out this store spending under $15 dollars and so far so good. Let see how long this last. Seriously though it really is a great place to come for all your fruits and vegetables along with fresh meat and other items. Check this place out. You will not be disappointed.
3	Sunflower is okay, but could be better. It seems like a "step down" from Sprouts or Trader Joes. There are always lots of flies around the produce and the meat/fish seems less fresh than at some other stores. One more thing, it seems they always have problems with their debit card machines. Apart from my complaining, they do have a lot of organic, natural, vegan products that I do buy.
4	Makes being a traveler easy with tasty bulk foods. $12.55 for two breakfasts and fresh fruit, nuts, and dried fruits for snacks.
4	Close to home.. organic.. and fresh. All the things I need to keep me on the healthy up side.. Trader Joes is about 5 miles away.. still my favorite.. but this place is a close second. This place came as a recommendation from my doctor and Ive been going since.
5	Sunflower is my new local grocery store. After deciding to go vegan, Fry's food was no longer good enough for our needs (not enough vegan options).Sunflower to the rescue! Tons of faux products for vegans! meats, cheese, veganaise, sour cream, soy yogurt, etc.Tons of fresh produce too. Sunflower is great for anyone looking for some more healthy grocery options. They rock!
5	This is my neighborhood grocery store!!  I love coming here and typically come about every other day.  They have good produce and excellent meats.  They also have the best beer selection out of any grocery store I have been to.  It rivals Papago.  The folks at the counter are also very nice and talk to you as you are checking out.
3	Great place for inexpensive groceries. Not as great as Whole Foods, but it does have a good selection of healthy foods. I became a frequent shopper once I spotted GT's Kombucha here for $3.39 other than Whole Foods' cost of $3.69 per bottle. They also offer a 10% case discount... which unfortunately is a production EVERY TIME when the managers struggle to adjust the price.Once again, great prices... minimal selection. Their organic fruit/veggie section is limited, but I'm able to stock up nicely on the few choices they do offer.The staff is generally pleasant.. Cheyenne is an adorable associate who is always attentive and friendly but the managers won't go out of their way to smile/acknowledge you.. unless you approach THEM. Overall, great if you're close, otherwise I would stick with Whole Foods/Sprouts
5	Dear Sunflower:  I miss you being practically in my backyard.  Why on earth do you not have locations in the West Valley?  This weekly road trip is getting to be a pain, so you are lucky I LOVE YOU and LOVE WHAT YOU OFFER our relationship.Favorite Items: Guacamole Mix Pack; this thing is amazing.  It comes with everything you need to make that quick fix and perfect portion of guacamole.Tejava Tea: Unsweeted, just the way I like, with a hint of crack, I mean...caffeine.Free Samples: Who doesn't love free stuff, especially organic and good for your body and skin stuff.Beer/Wine: Although you are a local market, you have quite the assortment of import beers and wines, all for GREAT prices!  I couldn't ask for anything more!Meats: The specials you run on your meats are phenomenal!  I love to buy in bulk and when I do, I visit YOU!  The meat is fresh and the cuts are clean.  Service: I have never had a bad experience in your store or with your staff.  Everyone is friendly and willing to assist in any way.My favorite part about your market is that it is not overly crowded in terms of space and that there is not an influx of people at all times.  I can shop in peace knowing that my grocery cart won't bump heads with an eager and grumpy person.Keep up the good work!
4	Perfect grocery store for clean eaters!Whole Foods, although dazzling, is way too expensive for me. I usually wander the aisles aimlessly, picking things off the shelf, then putting them back out of guilt.At Sunflower, I can stock up on organic bulk items, everything from beans to rice to coffee. I can buy reasonably priced organic milk and humane raised eggs. Decent selection and prices of organic produce. Olives and hummus. Natural and nitrate free meats for my hubby. And if I'm feeling naughty, yummy bakery items and cheap wine...
1	I used to love shopping at Sunflower!!  The produce was great.. with a nice selection of organic and organic binds... the prices were good..cashiers were nice!!!  WHAT HAS HAPPENED TO THIS STORE!!!  First the produce was old..lettuce was old and soggy in the container, the onion I bought yesterday sprouted!! The kale was obviously old and yellow!!  I started returning things..something is wrong at this store..Then I was in over the weekend..t only got a few things..and went to the bind with organic Apricots..the bind was half full..I took some out..AND THEN I NOTICED INSECTS, FLYING AROUND INSIDE THE BIND!!!  Thats it, I'm done..and will take my business elsewhere..
5	This place is great!
4	Like Whole Foods, but more intimate, and fewer hippie douche employees.  Craft beer selection is decent as well.  Prices seemed reasonable compared to Whole Foods.  Good alternative.
5	By far the best "natural" grocery store I've been too. Prices are way better than Whole Foods and the selection is still great. Always great sales and the Salmon has always been great.
5	Always good service and great deals on organic, good food.Quick tip, go here for Lunch! Sandwiches are $3 and awesome.
3	one word! HIPPIES!!
5	I love this store. We just moved to Phoenix last week and have been 3 times. I was hoping we would live near a Whole Foods or Trader Joe's, we lucked out being right around the corner from Sunflower Farmers Market. The prices are extremely reasonable and the bulk bin lets you buy just what you'll need.Not sure why many of the reviews mentioned hippies. I don't care who shops there or who works there as long as they are polite and professional. SFM has excellent customer service.
4	OMG, this little stores has everything. Where do I begin? Morel mushrooms, Kobe beef, an Olive bar, what more could I ask for? The prices aren't that high either. I don't live near a Sunflower Market, fortunately my sister does. Oh, i'll be back, again and again. I appreciate having organic shopping options. Whole Foods is wonderful, but  too expensive for me to shop there regularly.
5	If you've never shopped Sunflower before, you are in for a treat. It is very much like a Sprouts Market, but with a few different products. The produce is usually high-quality, although as some have mentioned there is an occasional fruit fly outbreak. That happens with fresh, ripe fruit. Get over it. They get the problem under control quickly - it's not a huge deal.The bulk section is newly remodeled with cool press-to-dispense containers. Cool. They have a LOT of cool things here, including Semolina flour and Forbidden Rice. Wasabi peas too!Boar's Head Deli. 'Nuff said.Craft beer selection is nice, with quite a few local beers (although they never seem to have anything from Old World Brewery, dammit!) Wine selection is excellent if you are bargain shopping and they do carry a few mid-higher grade wines. No Top Shelf stuff is available...it's not that kinda store, people. You can get decent value wines much like you would at Trader Joe's, with a good selection of countries available and they often have an impressive selection of organic/biodynamic wines if that's your thing. We like to buy a brand called "Herding Cats" as they have a nice merlot/pinotage (?If I recall) blend that we like with pasta - which is also a good deal at Sunflower. Pasta selection varies by what they can get I think. Usually, they have something domestic and something Italian. Check the labels - if it is "imported" I have found that occasionally it is from Mexico. Don't get that crap. I just don't think that region grows very good Durum Semolina, so the pasta doesn't cook "quite right". (Trust me - I'm Italian, I cook a lot of pasta..) Which leads me to Olive Oil...great selection here, especially if you want to buy a gallon. Again, CHECK THE LABELS. We LOVE a brand called GENCO (yes like the famous...oh never mind..) that is a blend of EVOOs from different countries. BUT PAY ATTENTION...don't get the Genco BLENDED (Blended is in different font on the front of the container - the ingredients list tells you it is canola and EVOO.Sausage - good stuff here. The chicken varieties are kinda plain as you would imagine chicken sausage is - but the pork varieties are all pretty good and they sell them at $2/lb quite often. Deal.Veal/buffalo - yep. Usually in the freezer section. Amy's? Check. Yogurts/dairy - nice, organic selection but if I REALLY need great cream for something I head to Trader Joe's...always. Most butterfat of any cream I have found available to the public. They have good eggs too. Local and organic/free-range...look around and they might be doing a blowout special on them. Those are awesome as they are almost "expired " and PERFECT for deviling as they peel nicely.Cashiers are friendly and knowledgeable. This place has the BEST reusable burlap bags that sit flat with awesome heavy-stitched handles with some kinda waterproof(?) liner. Other stores always comment how cool they are... Vitamins/herbs/fresh spices - yeah they have all that stuff. You can buy fresh nutmeg and grind it way cheaper than you can buy bottled stuff at the supermarket, so why not?
2	Why is most of their organic produce shipped in from outside of the U.S.A?Argentina, Brazil, Mexico, Chile, Ecuador, etc etc etc.Do these places have as high as or at least the same kind of restrictions or standards when it comes to growing "organic"?
2	Sunflower Market is terribly overpriced and not very good. Why am I paying $1 more for a pound of apples that I could get at Sprouts? They are the exact same apples.  That's the case with everything here. I much prefer Sprouts or Trader Joe's.
4	Still a huge fan. The produce prices are really good along with just about everything else. For the first time ever I spent over $60 but I had a cart load of stuff. The most I had ever spent before that was maybe $25. Seriously though everything is always stocked and the staff are very friendly. Still my #1 go to spot for all my produce and chocolate covered raisins needs :)
5	I love(d) Sunflower Market!I had to write this because I am heartbroken that they turned into a SPROUTS! :(I will miss their deli, and their varying sales from Sprouts! I loved their house brand too! Whether it was nut butter, juice, or chips, never had a complaint.Great customer service, and I liked how the store was organized. Very easy to find what you're looking for. Loved the selection of checkout stand items too. Normally I can't be bothered to notice but there was always a new flavor of Emergen-C packs, or a yummy looking organic local lip balm. RIP Sunflower, you will be missed!!
1	I recently purchased trail mix from the bins in the front of the store. I Brought it home and put it in a sealed container. A week later tiny cockroaches filled the container. Frozen foods seem as if they've been thawed and then refrozen. The guy behind the deli counter is rude and always behaves as if he is annoyed by his customers. My family was hanging in there hoping most of this was a fluke,  but the cockroaches put us over the edge. When we called to inform the manager she did not apologize and just offered a refund. How about a notice to all of you customers that you've sold them cockroach eggs?
