2	At Best Average and Nothing SpecialWas staying at the MGM and thought dining at the Wolfgang Puck's Bar & Grill would be a good experience. Overall I would say it was average at best and there are many more places with similiar price tags that has better food.The ambience is what I best remember of the restaurant. It was very hip and very well done.  The problem with the restaurant is the noise level. It is located right in the center of the casino, so the place can get very noisey. If you're looking for a quite dinning experience this not it. The food here is ok. The planting and presentation is excellent but the food is just ok. Appetizers start at $10 up to $20. Had the grilled chopped vegetable salad and this was the best part of the whole dinning experience. My girlfriend had the pizza and it was ok. Nothing special and had better pizza at my local pizza stop. I had the flat iron steak and that was ok. It wasn't anything special either and just as good as my local stop. The portion size was good to poor. The vegetable salad was enough for two, the pizza was about a 12 inch pizza. The steak was a small amount steak and you had more fries than steaks.  The prices here are about double than most places. Overall it might be nice for a lunch or to say you've been there but overall nothing special.
3	As I've said before, his food doesn't typically impress me but this place was not too bad.  We went here before seeing  the cirque du soleil show in the MGM and the food was good - not outstanding but by no means bad.  The service was wonderful though and that can often be hard to find in touristy areas.  I had the mussels which were delicious, but my girlfriend ordered the ceasar salad and the appetizer crab cakes ($17) for four literally BITE SIZE crab cakes.  Definitely ask about portion sizes because of all five of our meals they were completely across the board.
2	Was thinking recently what a food snob I've become. And not just because of yelp. Not that the cafe is great, but wolfie's stuff is supposed to be good. I go to Spago now and turn up my nose at some stuff! lol Back to my review...The one downfall of MGM is there is no in between options for lunch or light dinner. You either have a full retaurant like nob hill or the food court. WP Cafe is kind of in the middle, and isn't bad. The best part of the meal was the chips with blue cheese and truffle oil. Yum. I probably should've just ate that. Maybe next time...
4	YUM. Maybe it was because I had been drinking ALL DAY but seriously, the Flat Iron Steak with Maytag Blue Cheese Butter and French Fries SLAYED ME. Yes I copied and pasted that shizz because I couldn't remember the exact name but anyway! I had a something mojito there that tasted so so so good. I wanted like 3 or 4 more but then they probably would've needed a gurney for me. I am such a sucker for bleu cheese. My friend that was with me ordered pasta that she wasn't so crazy about so maybe it was my prior alcohol consumption that made that red meat taste SO EFFIN GOOD.
3	Disclaimer- This review only applies to the bar (no food was ordered)--went here while waiting to get into Ka at MGM.Specialty cocktails are $10 a piece and have a lot of potential.  That being said, after trying two: The Flirtini (how could I resist?? I love Sex and the City!) and the Pear Drop, I was left disappointed.  Having bar-tended before using the free-pouring method, my bartender here consistently under-poured, despite the generous tips after every round.  Any martini (such as the two I ordered) should not have fruit/sweet n sour as its dominant flavor.  I would have loved to give more stars but when the drinks are weak, what can you say? How about this: stick to their beer. They have Stella and Newcastle on draft, which alone should warrant a few stars!
4	After an early evening arrival in Vegas on Friday, we wanted a relaxed place with good food without going over the top (Had Michael Minna's StripSteak and Bouchon booked for the following two nights).This place was fine for that purpose.  It is on the casino floor so there is quite a lot of noise, but it didnt detract from the exprience.  My Dad had the burger which tasted great and I had the scallops, seared to perfection and very tender.  My wife had the shrimp risotto which was nice, although a little too rich for her taste.  Mum had the Halibut I think, I cant remember, so it wasn't anything mind blowing.Wine list was good but not overwhelming, so easy to choose a couple of good ones.  The server was knowledgeable and did help out (which is good because I dont think they had a Sommelier!).  We ordered the Bonaccorsi Pinot Noir which was reasonably priced for wine... and more to the point, for wine in vegas.  (Different experience at StripSteak I can tell you!). All in all, exactly what I expected for the food and the price to match.
3	It's in the middle of the casino, so does anyone expect it to be not that noisy? Plus, it's more of a cafe then Wolfy's other restaurants. The food is decent, I've had a few things. The only really spectacular thing was the chips topped with truffle oil and melted blue cheese. The perfect upscale bar food basically.
4	What the Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill lacks in creative menu options it makes up for in delicious signature drinks which supply the proper amount of alcohol and have clever monikers like Ginny Hendricks. Since the drink I had here was not the first of the evening, or afternoon rather, my memory of this place is a little foggy. But I do remember cute waiters and cringe-worthy prices. I had gnocchi which did not make me swoon, but the pizza kinda did and so did the chocolate mousse cake. Also, I like the fact that the portions are small. Minimalist decor, but warm and modern, i think the furniture is from ikea, or at the very least some scandinavian country. Its in the middle of the MGM Grand, so check out the tigers while you are there and marvel at mans triumph over nature.
2	Location is convenient, but the seating area is open to the rest of the casino.  I hate to taste smoke when I eat.  And all the noise from the casino is still 100% there.  Terribly unpleasant.  The food was OK.  Had the truffled potatoe chips everyone recommended.  Great at first, but too oily and cheesy to eat too much of it.  Pizza was not that spectacular either.
5	This was a fantastic dinner we had at this rest. that we stumbeled into  as we exited Ka Show at MGM! It was about 9 PM and we just walked in! Got seated in about 10 min ( no reservation) I had pork chop (xlnt) my husband had some kind of a steak ( he loved it ) we split a salad ( very good ) They even had Stella on tap !!! Service was efficient, pleasant and professional.Speciality cheeze cake for desert was awesome!Can't wait 2 go back!
2	wolfgang puck is to food like jenny craig is to dieting. everyone knows him. this is the first time i've eaten at one of his restaurants and i was sadly disappointed. the presentation was nice and the service was friendly. (i couldn't tell if the waiter was flirting or just trying to give us helpful hints on the hot spots in vegas.) BUT the food was... fine. the menu didn't have any stand-out dishes. it was all pretty standard fare, with very few bells and whistles. i ordered the chicken milanese which was pretty much fried chicken breast. eh. our app was steak skewers which were fine, but again... for a chef as well known as puck, i would've expected mouth-watering food.i would give this place a 3, but with the high expectations and the low delivery, it only receives a 2.
5	WATCH OUT WOLFGANG'Cause your executive chef Dustin Lewandowski just cooked me one of the most amazing freakin' meals I've had in recent memory.  I've eaten here years ago and found the food good, but not amazing.  However, on this night everything was spectacular.  My osso bucco was so succulent I even dug the marrow out of the bone (nasty, huh?) and sopped up every bit of goodness with the creamy Parmesan risotto.  I couldn't help it though. Chef Lewandowski reduced me to a caveman discovering the primal joy of meat meeting fire.  Even my friend's pan roasted chicken was incredible.  When was the last time you had roasted chicken that made you pause after the first bite to marvel at its juicy goodness?I can't wait to go back.
4	A great way to start this past Vegas weekend!At 8pm, the wait was only 15 minutes.  The three of us started out with pomegranate mojitos, crab cakes and chicken wings.  Everything was delicious!  The butter that came out with the rolls was whipped and creamy and before you know it, we were gobbling up the bread and butter that came to the table.  WHAT A MISTAKE!  Of course we ate too much so that by the time our entrees came out (flat iron steak with fries, rib eye with carmelized cauliflower), we were so full!  Still, that didn't stop us from thoroughly enjoying every last morsel.  Oh, the food was so good....Our waitress was friendly and quick and my only regret was that I didn't order more mojitos.
4	I haven't been to Vegas since March, so it's been a while since eating here, but for some reason - I have no idea why - I was just thinking about the calzone that I get at Wolfgang Puck's every time I go there.  It's probably the best calzone that I've ever had and I've eaten my fair share of calzones.  Perfect crust - not too flaky, not too thick.  Lots of delicious cheese  and plenty of chicken and whatnot.  The first time we ate here we were both hot and tired and cranky and hungry and had wandered around New York New York and the MGM Grand and no food option sounded good.  Finally we decided to try Wolfgang Pucks and we were pleasantly surprised by the outstanding calzone and, of course, the Maytag bleu cheese potato chips.  It instantly made us feel better and we were able to continue on. I'm a little bummed, I'm hungry for a calzone.  But I won't be back in Vegas for quite some time and it doesn't look like any of the affordable Puck locations in Los Angeles serve them.  Hmmm....must think of an excuse.
4	The service was great (thanks Megan) and the food was yummy. We shared two appetizers and the sausage pizza. I had the tuna tartare with fried wonton chips. I would've liked more hot sauce but it was a very nice dish. The shrimp cocktail was great as well and the sausage pizza was yummy and I don't really care for sausage pizzas. My glass of sauvignon blanc was a choice accompaniment for this tasty meal. My only minor complaint is that even though we only ordered wine, we should have been served water as well. We had to ask for it and it was a little slow in coming. Much better than I recall the Montana Ave Wolfgang Puck location in Santa Monica, though that was years ago.
4	Bread-Pudding-Gasm '07. No shit folks. I would have never have thought that I would be comparing a boring little British dessert like bread pudding to anything related to sex. But, it's true! read on....Wolfgang Puck had the honor of being my last meal in 2007 and what started out as a seemingly average dinner of Organic Chicken with Garlic Potato Puree and Rosemary Jus, I mean seriously I have that like every night.  My meal was accompanied by a vodka tonic and a nice sauvignon blanc, but it just wasn't enough to make me feel like my last '07 wasn't somewhat disappointing.  Until....dessert.  Imagine how bored I must have felt to pass up chocolate brownies, crme brule and other delectables to settle on bread pudding.  I even gripped about how long it was taking to come out saying that it was just bread pudding and it shouldn't take long.  So imagine my surprise and delight with the king-size portion arrived topped with vanilla ice cream and surrounded by custard and accompanied by an Irish Coffee...mmmmm. At first bite, I knew...this is living!
4	I've been here once, but I thought it was great.  I had the Ricotta Gnocchi with Sweet Fennel Sausage Bolognese and it was so light and flavorful, like gnocchi should be.  I honestly don't think I've had gnocchi that good.... ever.  Also, the prices were more reasonable than some of the other options, because if they weren't, trust me, we wouldn't have ended up eating there :)
3	Delicious food, but I must've been missing something about this place. It was okay, and I didn't mind the noise coming from being in the middle of the casino. We were seated promptly despite not having a reservation during the lunch hour. The menu is small (one page worth of food) but varied. I ended up getting the prime steak panini and potato salad. Great mix of flavors with the panini and barbeque sauce dip (with a hint of horseradish). The potato salad was probably one of the best I've had...it wasn't too sour and had just enough mayonnaise to keep it rich. Unfortunately what brought this rating down for me was the service. Slow service. It took a while to get our check, and even longer to get back my credit card. I think I only saw the server once after my food came.
3	I have wanted to go to a Wolfgang Puck restaurant and now I did. I'd give it a 3.5 star rating. It was good, not great , casual and simple. I got the signature pizza which was really good I might add. It had a flat thin crust with great tasting olives...great flavor! . The waiter was a bit slow which kinda bummed me out.  I felt like there was nothing to wow me here but for some good food not a bad place. Convenient location.
4	Simple and Tasty Bistro in the MGM Grand. We all know Wolfgang Puck by now, and this one is worth pointing out. Great Service and Wine/Beer List. I would recommend the Margarita Pizza. Trendy Decor....a little mini Oasis in the middle of the bustling MGM Casino.
4	Finally fresh food in LV. And REAL cheese. After the crappy veg. oil cheese we'd had ever where else the real goat cheese on our salad was divine. The service is attentive, they had liters of Pelligrino, and our pizza was perfect.
4	When hanging out at MGM and deciding amongst all the overpriced options for a nice lunch, or low-key dinner, I think this place stands out above the rest. Prices are *fair* and food is very good. I've enjoyed the paninis, particularly the steak one as well as the pizzas. Service is always at least decent. The place is in the middle of MGM so lacks *ambience*, but for an easy lunch/dinner that won't break the bank this place is great.
2	Honestly, this place was pretty awful. We stopped there for a late 2pm lunch (pretty normal by Vegas standards). We were hungry, a little hungover, and wanted something close (we stayed at MGM) and good... and we figured it said 'Wolfgang Puck' on the outside so we should be in good hands.We ordered what was supposed to be fried chicken wings for an appetizer... instead we got these really strange fried bone things. They seriously looked like a fried wontonwith a huge rat bone sticking out of them. And to our surprise, there was supposedly chicken in there mixed in with some strange tasting batter and some sort of vegetable...we couldn't tell. The strangest thing was that on the menu it literally said fried chicken wings, not 'weird mystery meat and vegetable drumstick thing'. Everything else we ordered was either greasy, oversalted, or just overpriced. Puck needs to either take his name off this place or revamp it. Skip it and eat somewhere else.
4	the menu has a delightful selection of food for everyone, including vegetarians. the combinations of flavours in the various dishes is delicious, and their pear drop martini was the only alcoholic beverage of our entire trip that deserves praise. the atmosphere of the restaurant itself  is well done; however, the surrounding casino still penetrates, making a quiet lunch or dinner impossible.
5	Thinking of the tuna tartare is making me moist. The menu here, especially the appetizers, is brilliant. This is one of my favorite lunch time restaurants in Vegas. The atmosphere of Wolfgang's is incredibly trendy. The restaurant is almost all white and features lots of curves. The tables were nice and chairs were pretty comfortable. The menu's were also presented very uniquely as they were posted on a wooden board and held on by a rubber band. The service was exceptional. Our waiter originally thought they were out of the tuna tartare (I was completely distraught and screamed like a little girl) but then checked and reported to us that they just got a new shipment. Appetizers were served promptly with the entrees coming just as we finished up. My soda glass was always atleast half full. I definitely recommend the appetizers. I've already mentioned the tuna tartare which is one of the best dishes I've ever had in my life. It's a spicy tuna topped with avocado and served with lightly fried tortillas and a little bit of the most amazing chile sauce I've ever had. Seriously, the thought of the tuna tartare brings my buddy to tears. It's that good. We also enjoyed the crab cake appetizer which was also quite exceptional.For my entree I've had the mussels and the fish and chips. The mussels were served in a lemon garlic sauce with foccacia bread. The portions were extremely generous and it was a meal that I enjoyed very much. The fish and chips were disappointing because this restaurant does not have malt vinegar! Luckily the fries were the bomb. You also get one of those mini catsup bottles to impress the ladies. Overall this is a breathtaking lunch and is highly recommended. Poker comps work here! Get the tuna tartare please.
4	I was staying @ MGM and booked an offer then included $35 Dining Credit, asked where I could use it and WPB&G was 1 of them so we (mom and I) decided to go have lunch here after some great pool time...Ordered a Caesar Salad (shared) and 2 Calzone, they were absolutaly delicious, I highly recommend them! It's not a fancy place its casual and the service is pretty good.
4	The menu is inspired (of course) through and through, and the ingredients and preparation match.  For a while, you can almost forget you're in a windowless casino in the middle of the godforsaken desert.But only for a moment.  They can have that 5th star when they kick out all the pathetic chain-smoking slot drones and put in some skylights.
3	This guy puts his name on anything and lures people in it seems.  The Wolfgang Cafe was OK.  Had the spaghettini and the chicken wing appetizer.  It looks like lamb at first, but it was actually a chicken bone with the meat pushed down.  They try hard, but the tastes are not hitting the spot.  I felt the service had room for improvement.  The food is not terrible here, its average.
4	Great food...although a bit on the pricey side.  The portions were decent, the service was wonderful, and the food was very very tasty!  We ate here because we received a thirty dollar dining credit which we used for lunch.  Overall we were very satisfied, although $60 for lunch (including drinks and tip) is a tad bit on the pricey side if you ask me.  (With the dining credit, it turned out to be a very good value)
4	This was the most delicious meal I had in Las Vegas! Perfect beet & arugula starter salad that had crunched pistachios on top and CA goat cheese and a citrusy vinaigerette (sp?). For a 'small bites' starter salad it was large enough to share w/ my husband. For my main I had the agnolotti, these wonderful little bite-sized ravioli type pastas that were filled with a tangy artichoke & 3 cheese puree, topped with darling little green clover looking parsley...DELICIOUS! I would definitely eat here again if I ever return to Vegas...My husband had the flank steak topped with a oozey yummy lump of blue cheese and fries...he liked it =). For dessert we shared the 3 sorbet in brandy snaps COVERED in berries....it was SO DELICIOUS. Amazing. My husband had a beer & glass of wine, I had a non-alcoholic Mojito...For all this we got out with a check of $97. Not too bad considering how delicious we found everything to be! The only downside was that our server seemed very harried...maybe he just had too many other tables to wait in his section...he was informative and helpful, just a little distracted/ forgetful. No worries!
2	Opted for the burger, and that was a mistake.  I figured, hey, they probably do a kickass gourmet style burger here.  No, it was pretty bad.Tasted other food and it was fantastic, so I know this was my mistake.  Still...Service was ok - though they did screw up the birthday surprise for my wife; we had to remind them about it.  Anyway, it's a nice place to eat just before a show.  We went here on our way to Ka.
3	Meh - and a serious meh at that.I'm not sure how much I really need to write about this place, partially because everything was so extremely unmemorable. Though it was a relatively good kickoff for the rest of the trip.Ordered a few things split between my girlfriend and myself. 2 different wood fired pizzas, and a bowl of corn puree soup.1. Garlic Chicken pizza. - Decent crust, toppings were a bit cold, though meshed well together. 2. Goat cheese and shaved fennel pizza. - Pretty much the same thing can be said about this, decent flavor with the toppings, though pizza was a bit cold as well.3. Corn puree soup. - This was actually really decent. I liked this a lot, even though it had red peppers in it. The flavors did not detract, it was very sweet. Very good soup. Crust from the pizzas went really well with that soup.Service was extremely slow, however, it was 4pm in the afternoon. Slightly disappointing that it took us 30 minutes to get the pizza, and then it came out cold. Not really happy about that.3 stars - Overall, passable if you feel like quick cafe type food. But not worth it as a destination visit while in Vegas.
4	Finding a good sit-down mid priced restaurant on the Strip is a tough project. Restaurants on the Strip seem to be high end or like fancy coffee shops or food courts for the low end. Happily this Wolfgang Puck outlet fits that small niche with reasonable and very good food.I had the 3-course prix fixe menu: heirloom salad/cheese salad, scallops (3) with reduction, and bing cherry cheesecake with a scoop of vanilla bean ice cream for $40. An excellent deal esp since a similar scallop dish on the main menu was like $35. My dining companions had the ricotta gnocchi ($22) and chicken artichoke stuffed pasta ($21). They said that both their dishes were good. Additionally, I had ice tea ($3.50) and other person had two glasses of sparkling wine ($9 each). Total before tip was $112.62. Cheaper for Vegas.Our waitress was very good. The only goof was that the server of the food didn't get recipient of each dish right. Also the cheesecake came a bit quickly too. Always made sure the glasses were full of water and ice tea.Verdict: Not all Puck restaurants score, but this one is a goal.
4	Staying at the MGM Grand we had a $35.00 credit for Wolfgang Puck. The menu was inviting and the wine list was acceptable. I had a pasta dish and my girlfriend has so Chicken. It was great. We loved every bit and sip of it. The service was nice as well. Only 4 stars because of the price. Everything else was wonderful.
3	I'm a big fan of celebrity chefs so my goal was to try to visit as many as I could. I came here ready to be WOW'ed and stumbled upon the "Fresh Catch of the Day" with some lobster and shrimp sauce. It was a small dish for $30 at lunch time. It was really good but a bit overpriced. I also had ordered a Mushroom Goat Cheese pizza which was a little better than average and a boring salad
4	This restaurant was amazing. The prices were decent and lived up to its quality. My boyfriend and I was looking for a good, but casual dining atmosphere restaurant and found Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill.It's in MGM Grand and convenient before we headed to the Coldplay concert. Here is what you should order: - Scallops = the best scallops I've tasted. it wasn't large, but was medium sized, so it's not overwhelming. the sauce with the walnuts, raisins, and capers were a perfect combo. it was cooked perfectly. about $33- Grilled Salmon = this was amazing! it was cooked to perfection. It was the best salmon i've had. about $30- Appetizer = Sausage Pizza was good. sausage wasn't too salty. good size as an appetizer. Overall, everything was really good. Decently priced. For 2 of us, with no alcohol came out to about $95.I highly recommend!
2	Dropped in for a quick lunch and was fairly underwhelmed.The blue cheese potato chip appetizer was all it's cracked up to be.  Aside from that, I was not impressed.My prosciutto panini had great potential, but was not at all warm, which really makes me wonder about its preparation.  The pasta salad it was served with was warmer.The wife went light and got a Caesar salad.  Meh.Service was a bit lacking for 2:00 p.m. in the afternoon with a sea of empty tables.  Not a great experience, certainly not one I would want my name associated with.
4	Yep, I am a fan and a big one at that!  Been here many times and always enjoyed the food, service and atmosphere and the prices are in line for Chef Wolfgang Puck's name on it.  The Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill in the MGM Grand, serves a contemporary "bar and grill" menu artfully executed.  The restaurant has an exciting bar and a beautiful glass enclosed private dining room.  I always have a personal gourmet pizza, no you can not have any, It is too good! They are perfecto e mundo.The Fritto Misto consists of calamari, zucchini, shrimp, olives and served with a lemon aioli, which is exciting to both look at and eat.  His wine list is primarily of California wines and the desserts are made in house. My husband loves their sandwiches.  The  peppered Prime Beef, with aioli and white cheddar on a baguette with potato salad  or the smoked turkey, ham and bacon club with herb aioli and baby greens are his two favorites. Prices for sandwiches are between $13.- $16.00.  Pizzas are from $12. - $14., so no breaking the bank here to enjoy a good lunch!
3	To call this place "casual dining" is to lump it with such crap factories as Chilis or Applebees, and that does this place a great disservice.  It features some great, Italian-flavored "American" dishes, a friendly staff, and decent food.  Great for a night when you want a solid, uncomplicated (but not boring!) meal.
5	Im a big fan of this place, its simple, but perfectly executed. The sausage pizza is great. Anytime friends and family come to visit I always take them here. Its a safe choice
4	Excellent restaurant! Pleasant atmosphere and friendly staff , We ordered the steamed black muscle with white wine and garlic sauce, and also Wolfgang's peperroni pizza with olive and tomato sauce.  I figured since Mr. Wolfgang put his name on it..it would be good..and it is one of the best pizza I ever tasted. We had to wait 30 mins to be seated, but I'm glad we did since I spent that time waiting on a black jack table and won $180.OOps I almost forgot..we had a kick ass chocolate souffle for dessert.
4	During the extremely long day that started at home in Philadelphia and ended, finally, in Las Vegas meeting my best friend, I had been dreaming about martinis. Mmmmm, martinis. It had been a ridiculously long week and I really wanted to have a relaxing late-night dinner with some smooth, wonderful martinis. Ahhhh, martinis.We ended up at Wolfgang Puck while wandering through the MGM Grand, so hungry that we were too delirious to make a real decision. Luckily, everything was fantastic. I had some of the best gnocchi ever - even the sausage in the sauce was good, and I don't even like sausage - and Jess had a hamburger, which she kindly gave me 1/4 of, and it was so yummy. For dessert, we split the chocolate souffle, which is easily enough to feed ten people and their horses.But the martinis! Seriously! Everything I had been dreaming about and more. Jess tried something raspberry-ish that was quite tasty, but I had the pear, and it was EXACTLY LIKE BITING INTO A PEAR, except there was no biting involved. Just delightful, relaxing sipping. Thank you, Wolfgang Puck!
5	Absolutely Fabulous!!  The host and hostess were busy cutting papers apart and then taping them back together--so they were much to busy to actually seat people.  Luckily, I prefer to belly-up to the bar  (I find that when your focus is on alcoholic beverages, its just best to cut out the middle man/woman.)--so we seated ourselves at the bar.The bartenders were very knowledgable and enthusiastic--which I completely appreciate!!  Excellent dirty martinis and some lovely rosemary infused Hendricks Gin drinks prepared us to enjoy the rest of our evening....oh yeah--food was awesome too!!
4	17.00 cheese burger? Better be the best freaking cheese burger I have ever had! Luckily it was well worth it. The tomatoes were so fresh and juicy that I wanted to eat them plain, the onion's were caramelized, the cheese was cheesy and tasty. The real selling point's of this place is the martini's, oh my... I wish I could get married to them. I got the "flirtini" it was berry goodness and the chocolate souffle - HOLY MOLY - Heaven in a dish! HUGE, chocolaty, with vanilla bean ice cream, perfection. Next time I might skip the cheese burger and just drink the martini's with the souffle. Pricey, so if you're with a group on a budget, not a choice for you - but if you have the opportunity to splurge, it is definitely worth the extra $$.
4	I liked the atmosphere very much.  I felt really nice sitting there dining near the theatre.  Aside from the wait for a table, everything else was excellent (including the food and service).
4	The prime burger, albeit overpriced was excellent.  Our service was very good too.
2	Stopped here for a few munchies after watching Ka and before hitting the clubs. We sat at the edge of the bar & not shockingly got a lot of attention from those stopping by just for a drink. After much debate, we asked the bartender for recs. We got the pepperoni olive pizza & steak skewers. The pepperoni was housemade, but it may as well not have been because I couldn't taste the difference. It was overally a bit too salty (maybe they should've taken into account the saltiness of the toppings before seasoning). The steak skewers were tender, but the slaw wasn't dressed enough. The presentation was nice though.Service was prompt & the bartender was friendly.I would only go back for the people watching & random funny attention.
4	Another solid addition to my list of Wolfgang restaurants i love. I was told that the burger served here was the best around, and being that half of the solid food i eat happens to be hamburger, i couldn't pass it up.The atmosphere was great, open air to the casino but also secluded enough. The multicolored glass panels created for me a very relaxed feeling, always a benefit when enjoying good food.  Or was it thebeer. I dunno, plus one for having good micro brews!Let me just preface the review of the food with one sentence. The service rocked. Our waiter was polite, attentive, and on point. Even when he was away attending other parties another, equally skilled, waiter was there to make sure we were attended to. Now to the food. In an attempt to show how classy i can be, even at lunch on a Monday, i ordered the tuna tartar with crispy wantons. It came in a cylindrical presentation with a layer of fresh avocado on top. Just next to it was a streak of red sauce, the base of which had to be Sriracha or some similar red chili sauce.  This is probably the third or forth time i have had tartar, and it went down well. The tuna was tasty and had a nice soft texture. It went well with the avocado. If you love burgers, this one will make you see god. It was perfectly cooked, moist and de-licious. It came with fresh pickled cucumbers, butter lettuce, and a sweet onion marmalade. I will be buried with a bottle of ketchup right next to me, but on this burger, it wasn't necessary. All the elements included worked together, unlike most time i eat a burger where half the stuff wilts next to my french fries. Which were also good, never doubt a Frenchmen's restaurants ability to bring the frites. Go there, eat a burger, smile.
4	Went here after seeing KA. There was no wait....nice service, let us change the table they were about to seat us at. The cocktails were really good. There was one with just the right amount of cinnamon and sugar. ;)I had the gnocchi with sausage. It was good. I finished it all. It wasn't spectacular but nice solid gnocchi--not literally.The steaks ordered at the table were reported as being perfect. I had a bit of the flat iron and then had a second bite.  After that I had no room for dessert. Bill came quick and we were outta there.A word on the steaks--reasonably priced($35 & $45) compared to craftsteak where the cheapest steak was $45.
4	I recently ate here inside MGM and had the free range chicken and substituted fries for mashed potatoes.  My wife had the gnochi with bolognese sauce.  I have to say the chicken was very good and exceeded expectations.  It had a crust on the outside and very tender and juicy on the inside.  The gnochi had lots of flavor and good texture.  For lunch I think we dropped 80$ with three drinks included so not terribly bad.  It is worth a visit for sure.  I was tempted to try the 17$ hamburger but it looked so huge that I would have to split it with my wife and she was not in the mood for a burger....all in all a very nice dining experience.
4	recommended dessert: chocolate brownie bar
4	we came here for dinner right before we went to watch Ka. i ordered a pomegranate mojito and the eggplant calzone (i had a craving for calzone once i saw it on the menu).  Steph C. ordered the salmon and white wine.. my other friend brian ordered the crispy chicken and drake ordered the organic chicken.. Steph and Drake seemed to love their dish.. Drake deemed his dish the epitome of the phrase.. "winner winner chicken dinner" hahaha however, my dish was just alright.. I think there was wayyyyyyy too much cheese and not enough eggplant.. =( i really wanted to love this place because drake and steph thought it was soo good.. i really liked brian's crispy chicken tho.. but i did love love LOVE the pomegranate mojito  i gave it 4 stars because my friends loved it so much and it was great seeing them happy haha im corny. yea so?
3	We stopped here after a long day of delayed flights, just looking for a light lunch because I had 7 PM reservations at L'Atelier.  I ordered a glass of prosecco and the Roasted Baby Beet Salad with Humboldt Fog Cheese.  The beets were sweet and tender and the cheese provided a nice contrast.  I was enjoying my Salad when I bit into a beet that was so salty that I had to spit it out.  For the rest of the meal I found myself inspecting each beet and brushing excess salt off every so often.  My friend really enjoyed his sausage mushroom and caramelized onion pizza.
3	Just because this is a cafe by one of the US's favorite chefs, and just because they spend time in the kitchen prepping the food and making it look fantastically gorgweah, doesn't mean it tastes good.  And it did not taste good. The chicken drumettes had almost no meat. Blech. The tuna tartare was nice enough but lacked zing.  Yawn.  The truffle and bleu cheese potato chips tasted good but they also tasted confused.  Choose one intense flavor to focus on, but not both.I am giving them 3 stars because we got great service and our bartender was both a gentleman and patient with our drunken hazing.  I will got there again because it is convenient, but not because I like the food.
3	i had such low expectations since every other wolfgang restaurant i've been to sucked ass.to be safe, we ordered the chinois chicken salad, which i hear he "invented" and a pizza (we got the one with chicken, garlic, and parsley or something like that). we also got some beer just in case the food sucked and we had to get our caloric intake from alcohol. luckily, the food wasn't that bad and we were mildly surprised. the entire place was empty at around 5pm on a sunday. strange. good service.
5	The truffle chips are to die for.  You must order them!The gnocchi and flat iron steak are both fabulous as well.
4	I like the ambience. The pineapple mojitos were very good. Fresh crushed pineapples. I liked the frito misto and the ribeye steak. We asked for medium-well, but was served almost close to a well done. It was still good. Good seasoning. I was not a fan of the butternut squash soup. Too sweet for me. I would come back when I'm in Vegas, but there are so many restaurants to try!
4	The food here is good! The pizza was good, fried chicken and steak skewers were all good the service was good and the whole place is pretty cute! Right after your done eating you can head over to a table or a slot machine! =)
3	I'm not saying anything original to observe that Wolfgang Puck has over-extended his brand.  Anything Puck-related, thank I've experienced, suffers from the same problem.  It isn't hard to stumble on to something excellent, but there isn't a level of care that ensures excellence at every turn.  You also get the added problem of the snobbishness of a fine restaurant coupled with the incompetence of a chain.I'm not sure if I ever had great bread at a Wolfgang place, it seems that they'd rather do something "interesting" rather than delicious.  It's the sort of bread that was popular in the 80s, and it's a habit worth breaking.  The waiters, as far as I can tell, do not write orders down.  When this happens, the body language of the waiter lets you know if he got the order in his head.  This time, his clueless expression led to our being unsurprised when a soup went missing.  He returned well into the meal, long after soup time. We also ordered a cured meat platter with toast and burrata, although completely delicious, was served without explanation of the types of meat.  Keeping with policy, I won't comment on other's dishes unless I have a taste, so despite other's disappointment, my veal ravioli with brown butter, mushroom and sage was amazing - and the portions were far more than I could handle. In all, an uneven and overpriced experience, but it's a nice, casual meal when one of the stuffier nearby eateries won't work.
4	I didnt get a chance to eat at a Wolfgang Puck restaurant the first time I went to Vegas so the next time I went, I was going to make sure I was going to eat at one!MLK weekend, I went with 2 other couples and my hubby. We made an early reservation since we were going to see Crazy Horse Paris afterwards. We were sat in a nook and the decor reminded me of a country kitchen--it was cozy. I got the gnocchi which I thought was great!Prices were reasonable, atmosphere was comfortable and the food was good.
3	Came here for dinner before catching KA at the MGM Grand... Mr. Robuchon was calling my name, but we had no money to pay for it this time :)It was packed but we had reservations and were seated quickly.  It's sort of sitting out in the middle of the casino but covered separately.  Standard WP fare - salads, oven baked pizzas, Californian menu... we enjoyed our meal, but it's nothing to write home about.  The bread was okay - I enjoyed the olive bread in particular, but the rest was average.We both had the Caesar salad with bruschetta to start, and I had the sausage pizza and my hubby had the gnocci.  The salads were decent, and the pizza was quite good - nice thin crust, non-greasy with the nice oven taste.  The gnocci did not have enough gnocci... there was a ton of the sauce left-over afterward.I think the quality is fair for the price... it's mid-range for price and also for quality.
5	I don't quite understand the hype behind Wolfgang Puck and even as a foodie, I didn't care much about chefs until hubby told me to eat here before a show. Ok, what can hurt... It looked alot better than the buffets we've been to. With no reservations, the hostess sat us down promptly with the waiter coming by a few minutes later to take our drink order. He suggested we try a few items, of which we ordered all. Never heard of a hanger steak and doesn't sound too appetizing, we ordered it hoping for the worse... well, I have to say that was the most amazing piece of beef I have put into my mouth. So juicy and tender... aaahhhh... As pricey as it was for a slice of meat, I would run back here to have one. If we ever go back to Vegas, I would need to make a stop here for a piece of steak.Now I understand the hype behind chefs... I bow down Wolfgang Puck... Amazing.
4	I've been here twice and all I gotta say is that this restaurant has been consistent in its food quality/taste both times.The menu is simple - and... seasonal.  So there was some overlap the second time I went but there were new things on the menu as well.  I'm a huge fan of their steamed mussels - they give you a crapload of steamed mussels in this garlicy-cream sauce and some sourdough bread w/ bernaise sauce... all for $21.  Unless you are a mussels lover, I would recommend that you share this dish with someone else b/c like i said... they give you a crapload of mussels.I like all their pasta dishes.  The noodles are always cooked al dente and their sauces that compliment the pasta are always so tasty!!!  Overall, I think this is a great place to eat dinner if you want something other than a buffet and are not really feeling the desire to splurge lots of money on food.
4	I give this place four stars for complimentary cookies and desserts. Yes, I'm serious. The chef giving our large group free dessert is awesome!The restaurant is pretty standard trendy Vegas casino floor restaurant - open seating, a bar area, and a private room (which is where we sat, and was pretty cool since it was ensconced in glass). The staff was very friendly and brought us things in a fairly timely manner, and was good to us despite the guaranteed gratuity (since we were 15 or so strong).The menu as someone else pointed out is standard Wolfgang Puck fare - pizzas, pasta dishes, a couple meat and fish dishes. The menu is almost like Postrio's. We ordered several pizzas for the appetizer and I had a slice of the tomato/burata mozarella/basil one - pretty good, the cheese was very gooey, and it was thin crust. I'm not a huge pizza fan, so it wasn't a big deal for me.I must say though, I really liked the breads they brought out, with the soft room temperature butter. Mmm.I ordered the chicken milanese for my main course, and it was huge. Instead of one chicken breast, it looked like four chicken breasts had been hammered thin, breaded, and fried. It was very delicious, along with the spinach/tomato salad. I was surprised that I liked this dish, seeing as how I usually don't like breaded chicken.For dessert we had warm cookie plates that came with oatmeal raisin, almond tea cookies, chocolate brownie like biscotti, chocolate chip, and possibly some others. So good!! Also had chocolate brownie bar, which is a bar made with chocolate mousse and had a brownie bottom, with raspberries. Overall, great place for a large group of people, and seemed to have something on the menu for everyone!
5	I recently enjoyed this restaurant with my hubby and parents. We made the reservation because we had show tickets to KA and wanted to be able to make it to the 7pm show in time. This restaurant was situated right across the casino from the KA theater so it was perfect. The portions were actually quite a bit larger than I expected for an upper scale restaurant. We all ordered appetizers, drinks, entrees and 1 dessert. The total bill came to $200, which I consider a bargain. We all enjoyed our food. We had crab cakes, veal ravioli, rib eye, salmon, chinois chicken salad, and calamari. Everything was delicious, although the veal ravioli was not seasoned enough for my taste. The rib eye was cooked to a perfect medium rare. The pineapple mojito was a sweet new treat. Our waiter was very cordial and was great at making suggestions. All in all we loved the place. We sat at a table right next to the edge of the open casino and had no problem hearing or otherwise. I will definitely return to eat here!
4	*Check Photo*DELICIOUS AMERICAN APPETIZERS and CHOCOLATE SOUFFLE! =DWe've been walking past this place for YEARS and the kids FINALLy convinced our parents to give it a chance instead of dim sum at Pearl or chinese at Grand Wok again. and OHHH VICTORY WAS OURS =D_Tuna Tartare_perfectly crisped chips, fresh tuna and avocado chunks, delicious sauce. YUM._Crab cakes_I'm getting giddy thinkin about these! I LOVE crab cakes! and boy do they do it RIGHT. it's not your usual crab cake with tartar sauce. oh no. it's 4 lightly crumbed/fried wondercakes set atop a delicious pesto sauce and topped with a juicy tomato salsa and watercress. what a wonderful twist!_all other entrees (salmon, chicken, steak)_delicious. each with their own unique and well complemented sauces. _pizza_ Love the crust. freshly toasted from their oven behind the bar.toppings are fresh but it didnt have that stringy cheese that I like =[_Chocolate Souffle_OH YUM. =Dit comes in a huge ramekin and baked to perfection. puffy top. soft and steamy cake layer enveloping the melty steamy gooey inside. served with a side of vanilla bean ice cream. AMAZING =D Better than Roy's Hawaiian Fusion. but a step behind Nobhill's banana souffle!we also got a fruit plate and when we ran out of ice cream. we used the souffle as a thick and luscious fondue for the strawberries and bananas =]
3	This Wolfgang Puck restaurant is very pleasant.  My ROI is above average for the most part.  The food we had was excellent.  But like anything else in Vegas... very expensive.....
3	This is actually close to the last celebrity chef restaurant I would consider going to in Vegas (the last being Emeril's, I think.) I went because it was planned for me, and I was pleasantly surprised.The food and atmosphere was pretty great, and the entire group I was with gave their cocktails a big thumbs up. I particularly liked the prosciutto and burrata salad. The duck on someone else's plate looked quite tempting and well-prepared, and the spinach I snagged off of someone's plate was some of the best I have had in a restaurant.
4	We sat at the bar and the bartender was very nice, good with suggestions of beer, mixed drinks and appetizers. I ordered some truffled potato chips covered with cheese, an order of fried chicken and I got an Oatmeal Stout and a few Doppel Bachs. The chips were really good and matched well with both choices of brews that were suggested. The fried chicken was very tasty with the right amount of crunch and yet still keeping plenty of juicyness in the chicken.The 2nd visit we got the chips again, plus steak skewers and had the Doppel Bachs. The meat on the skewers were very tender and tasted pretty good but not anything mind blowing like the chips. We actually went back 3x for the chips other than what i've mentioned above.
4	Came here for lunch before our flight back home...first timer and it was pretty good.  Service was good....our server was very friendly.  We ordered some appetizers to share.  I only had the chicken which was yummy with the sweet chili sauce.  My friends also ordered the beef skewers but I didn't try it after all the steak that I have been eating.  For my entree I had the tuna tartare...yummy I love tuna tartare.  I also had the chicken salad....I really needed my veggies.  Very refreshing and tasty.  And I got to try the mussels that my gf ordered...yummy.One thing tho I could have kicked my own a** because while we were waiting for our food I told my friend I wanted to sit at the slot machine but thought that was kind of rude.  Next thing you know I see 2 people hitting the jackpot... at the machine that I wanted to sit at....guess its just not meant to be.
4	I've been here for dinner for two as well as large dinner parties, and I always have a good time. I also celebrated a birthday here. They brought me out three desserts (granted I did have a large party with me). They have a pretty big selection of food. There's something for everyone, even the pickiest eaters. I also like how their menu changes with the seasons. I remember the calamari being really good. As well as the pizzas and the rib eye steak. YUM. And of course, I really liked their drinks. They use real fresh peach puree for their Bellini's! The only thing I didn't like was the openness of the restaurant. If seated near the sides, you could watch people on the slot machines while you eat. I also don't like it when people walk by and stare at you while you eat. Other than that, if you are seated in a nice area, its all good.
5	wolfgang puck is indeed a legend. i had the BEST crabcakes here. they were so tiny and topped with tomatoes and cilantro. the location is interesting, being in the middle of a casino, overlooking the slot machines/tables. but food is fantastic, no wonder he caters to celeb events.
3	I came here in March for a bachelorette party and we had a good time.The food was good, but nothing that made me say wow.Everyone was friendly and catered even more to us as we were a party of 10 girls.I wouldn't go back by choice. LOL
4	After checking into the MGM, four of my friends and I decided to have a casual lunch at the hotel at the Wolfgang Puck Bar and Grill. It's an open restaurant on the casino floor and is easy to find. Service was quick and attentive which is always good, especially when four of your dining companions had been awake since 3 am EST and were dying for food.We shared the truffled potato chips with Maytag blue cheese as an appetizer which were heavenly. For lunch, I had the caesar salad which was really good, especially because it came with a piece of bruschetta. The pizzas are big enough to share between two people, which is what two of my friends did. They actually got a half tomato, basil, and mozzarella and half pepperoni - needless to say every bite was eaten. The other big hit at the table were the ricotta gnocchi which everyone who tasted them enjoyed.Prices are very reasonable; food was good; and overall it has a good atmosphere for a nice, casual lunch if you are at or near the MGM Grand.
5	I enjoyed a quick dinner here between events on a work trip. Three of us shared 2 pizzas cause we were in need of carbs! The pizza's came out fast and they were made perfect! I ate way more then I told myself I could eat and didn't feel sad about it... cause it was that YUMMY!Service is fast, friendly and accommodating.
4	Okay... we're in the MGM, I'm not really hungry but after a seemingly endless day of walking, drinking and gambling I really should feed myself, and Emeril's is closed. Plus my boyfriend is wearing sandals and I'll be damned if I'm going to hike all the way back to the Riviera (!) to change. Ugh... Oh? What's this? A bar and grill in the middle of the casino? Hmmm... Oh, it's Wolfgang Puck? Ok, hell, why not. I'm a sucker for celebrity chefs. We walk in at about 10:10 pm and are seated promptly, our waiter almost immediately coming by to ask for drink orders. All I had was water and the bf had a beer. Menu was interesting... like a bar and grill menu done right. Good old chicken wings and pizzas, as well as things like tuna tartare and crab cakes. I ended up getting the steak skewers and a Caesar salad. The bf got the burger.Let's see here.... (thinking back through a hazy fog of blurred-together Vegas memories)... The bread basket they brought: okay but cold. The boyfriend liked the olive foccacia, I would have liked it if it weren't the temperature of an ice cube. The Caesar: meh. The low point of the meal. I liked how the romaine leaves were left whole for me to cut up, but I didn't care for the dressing. Little too lemony. My own homemade Caesar dressing is better. Plus I kinda like croutons, The bruschetta was pretty good, but the croustini could have been a little less thin and wafer-y. (Yes, I know, I'm being ultra-picky.) The steak skewers: Yum. Cooked perfectly. Nice presentation. Tasty house-made steak sauce. Someone else said the slaw it came with was underdressed, and they were completely right. Actually It wasn't really dressed at all. But I could excuse that, cuz the steaks were so yummy. Here's the pathetic part: I was feeling so shitty that I couldn't even finish the entire tiny little appetizer. There's five skewers, with about three or four bites of steak on each. I ended up taking two back to my room. Yeah. Beyond sad. But man they tasted good cold at three in the morning... The bf's burger: Can't really offer any useful commentary as I was not even remotely interested in taking a bite... under normal circumstances i would have been all over it. His fries were awesome though. I wish all bars had fries like this... and menus like this... We had to box up our food and scramble the eff outta there cuz for some fool reason we wanted to rush up the strip to see the last free pirate show thingy at TI.... which they cancelled anyway when we got there at the last second. C'est la Vegas, I guess. But yes, Wolfgang Puck is pretty good grubbin' for the money, and a great option if you don't happen to be clad in business casual at the moment and/or don't feel like spending $100+ on dinner.
2	Maybe I should have gone to Wolfgang without such high hopes, that way I wouldn't have to be so disappointed, but unfortunately I didn't do that. I was disappointed. I had a lemon drop to drink. Weak. For 13 bucks, it was not worth it. Didn't do much for me and the sad part is that I'm a total weak sauce. Then we started off with the crab cakes. They serve 4 mini crab cakes about the size of fifty cent coin. It was pretty good. It was topped with a tomato relish, that lighten up the crab cakes. They were pan fried so they were as heavy to begin w/ anyways. They were small, but that was expected. I had the tomato, basil, and mozzarella pizza. Also known as the margherita, which would have been a much simpler name when it came to ordering purposes, but i guess the former is much fancier? Who knows. But the pizza was good. But usually always is. Simple ingredients. Can't really mess it up. The bf had the fish of the day which happened to be halibut. It had to be the smallest portion ever! With no sides. It had a sweet corn puree under it and nothing else! For 30 bucks!? Soo not worth it. I don't think you get much of an experience from Wolfgang so I can't say even if the food is cruddy that you'd have fun. But if you really must try it then I guess there's no stopping you.
5	We came here after seeing a show one night - we tried to get into Nobhill Tavern, but we were treated pretty rudely so we walked away and came to Wolfgang Puck. Best decision we ever made!I had eaten here twice before but that was years ago. This time, I ordered the fresh mozzarella and arugula salad (without oranges) and the veal ravioli...both were DELICIOUS. The mozzarella was so fresh and creamy and the dressing on the arugula was really good. The veal ravioli was so tasty. This meal was by far better than the meal we had the next night at Crafsteak...and it was half the bill we paid at Craftsteak!
4	Ate here a couple years ago with a friend and had a steak dish (cant remember exactly which one it was) but it was really good. Its right in the middle of the casino but the atmosphere still was pretty cool. My friend enjoyed her food as well. This is a good place to eat at the MGM if you arent trying to spend 100-200 bucks a plate at one of the other fancier restaurants. i think my meal was 30 bucks.
3	I was waiting for the car to the airport and stopped in for a drink and a snack.  Sat at the bar and got a glass of sauvignon blanc and ordered the truffle potato chips.  Truffle anything is good right?  I wish I had known that the chips were going to come drowned in a dip that was well on it's way to gelatenous.   I would have ordered the dip on the side because I hate soggy chips.  The chips were amazing though.  The bartender was great and the perfect balance of chatty but not too much.
4	Wow what a surprise. I didn't expect to have such a great experience because we ate here just to kill time before catching the KA show, but I was proven otherwise. We did have to wait a little even with reservations but it wasn't too bad. One thing that didn't make sense is their layout, where people were literally standing around waiting for their tables around other diners who are eating at their tables. There wasn't really a good place to stand around to wait aside from around the other diners near the hostess desk, so either you go to the casino floor and play the slots machine or you go to the packed bar which you also need to be seated for.But once we were taken to our table everything else went smoothly. The food was great. We had the fish of the day which was halibut over this creamy sweet corn sauce and the Grilled Salmon with artichoke puree accompanied by a delightful blood orange champagne and a drink we can't remember the name of but was some version of the mojito. We ended dinner with the most delicious banana and toffee cream pie with yummy toasty crust.Service was a little slow but attentive. We understood that they were very busy. They also had this small wine cellar room which we saw an intimate wedding party mid-celebration. It was very romantic.Last but not least, the restaurant is right across from the KA Theater. So conveniently for us we just had to stroll across to get to our show.
2	In my opinion, Wolfgang Puck has seriously over-expanded.  I want to try Cut sometime in the future; but the fact that there is a Wolfgang Puck restaurant around almost every corner has made it a very low priority for me.This slightly casual offering is located right in the middle of the MGM Grand casino floor.  You can actually see gaming tables and slot machines from your restaurant table (kind of like people watching, gambler watching).The restaurant itself is very comfortable.  We went for lunch during a kind of dead period.  I'm not sure if it would be different experience at nighttime when there is more activity.I went with one of their pasta dishes, which was just okay.  Not horrible, not great.  Someone ordered the crab cakes, which were actually miniature crab cakes (perfect for sharing).  The crab cakes looked better than they tasted.Prices weren't too high.  All-in-all, you could do worse in Vegas, but this won't be a repeat visit for me in the near future.
4	Finally, a nice place in Vegas that you can get an affordable meal without compromising the environment!!! I love food, but I don't have the budget to splurge on every meal while I'm on Vegas. But at the same time, I don't want to eat Denny's the whole time either. I stumbled upon this place and couldn't be happier. The environment and decor of this place makes you feel like you are in Vegas, not at some cheapo place. The entrees range from about $12-25, but the "cheap" part of it is the pizzas. A pizza is large enough for 2 people to share and they are only $12-15 each! But if you have a big appetite, you can get your own pizza and it's still a pretty good deal. I got the chicken, eggplant, cilantro, and pepper pizza. My boyfriend got the Italian sausage, pepperoni, and tomato pizza. Both were very fresh and served hot. We also ordered dessert--chocolate souffle with vanilla ice cream. It was light in texture but rich in flavor! My boyfriend ordered a Dos Equis on draft and it was $9. The decor is pretty trendy and the restaurant is right in the middle of the casino. The only downside of this is you get a lot of second hand smoke from the casino. Our waiter was very quick and attentive. Overall, I'd recommend this place if you are looking for an affordable but nice meal.
3	After a few hours of pinball and perspiration, Bf and I were so bushed and in need of nutrients.  We were happy, no, ecstatic is more like it, to be in the AC and off of our feet at MGM. We shared a salad and pizza.  Both were tasty.  The bread and people watching were equally enjoyable.  Our waiter seemed a little smug but whatevers, we weren't there to become buddies.Wolfie served his purpose but I think one visit was sufficient.
4	I actually ate at the wolfgang puck bistro located in the venetian hotel and this location as well both times were great which is why it deserves 4 stars.At the bar and grill I had the salmon which is uniquely served with vegetables under and some green sauce which was great as well.At the bistro I had the lobster and bacon club sandwich which was also great served with garlic shoestring fries.and for desert get the raspberry ice cream with chocolate cake can't remember the exact name for it right about now !as for appetizers, make sure you try the pizza and popcorn shrimp because those deserve 4 1/2 stars !
4	Based on the reviews we had read, we decided to check this place out. For the time of day we went (around 3pm), the restaurant had a lot of people.I had a ham and salami sandwich on nice thick bread. My wife had one of the pizzas. Both dishes were really good.Service here was excellent and the decor was pretty cool.
4	This was my second visit to wp bar and grill. I was dying to have the chili glazed wings again since the last time I had them they were hands down the best wings I've ever tasted. My high expectations dissapointed me but they were tasty and very good nontheless. For dinner I had the mussel platter which was good but with mussels it's kind of hard to make them taste bad. I was not overly impressed with this visit but my choice of food may have been missleading. Overall I love this place and would go back again. Being one of his least expensive places of you've never been to a wolfgang puck restaurant def give this one a try and you won't be dissapointed.
4	Love eating here!  Wolfgang Puck is a badass!  What more do you need to say!  It's a great place to eat in Vegas, cause you are getting quality food for a reasonable price.  The decor has changed, but its still very fun to eat there.  Only minor thing would have to be is you sit right inside the MGM Casino so it may be a little smoky, but I have always liked this restaurant!  I miss it already!
2	Wolfgang Puck is an epicurean whore.  At some point I think he must have been a good chef, but now he slaps his name on a turd, plates it, and it sells for $60.  His restaurants are becoming parodies of themselves.  I knew it was all over when I saw the Wolfgang Puck quick bites in the airport.As someone else said, this place is like an upscale Applebees.  Convenient location and the name draws people in, but the food is overpriced for its quality.If you want great food in the MGM go over to Nob Hill.  If you want to save some dollars go to the buffet.
5	Excellent food, service and atmophere.  Everything I would expect from another Wolfgang Puck installation.  I had the club sandwich with a salad and a beer.  Everything I ordered has its own subtlety and was not like every other place that serves something comparable.  The prices were reasonable for the quality of the meal.  I would definitely go back some time.
4	Many Vegas restaurants compete for glitz and glamour, so it's a real treat to be able to dine at a restaurant simply for it's homestyle comfort foods, and that's what Wolfgang Puck Bar and Grill brings to the table time and time again!Simple classics such as freshly made potato chips are dressed with truffle oil and a blue cheese dressing. Veal ravioli is gently tossed with mushrooms, brown butter and crisp sage.  A crispy chicken milanese is set apart with an arugula salad and cherry tomatoes.  And dessert is simply divine: a banoffee (banana and toffee) cream pie with a sugar dough shell, and bruleed bananas; a sorbet trio served in a brandy snap cup and topped with fresh berries.Service needed slight improvement, granted the floor (both restaurant and casino) were busy, but the food should definitely be on everyone's checklist of things to see and do while on the Strip.
2	The chopped salad was really nice, but the pizza we had with mushrooms and leeks was really bland. The dough needed salt or something, and the toppings were so-so too. We waited forever for our waters - the beer we ordered came sooner than the water - and I only got a refill when I was already finished eating. Good thing BF had beer, I could drink his water. Oh, that beer btw was $9. It was Hoegarden on tap, but still. And I don't mind paying the price, but the service was just sucky. I ended up with two lattes on the bill, and when I brought it up, the waiter was a bit pissy about it. I ended up getting a double latte in exchange. My suggestion, btw: give me another latte -didn't ask for double- that you already charged me for, so you don't have fuss with running the card again. They don't seem to have to-go containers for liquids, I had to carry my latte in a lidless soda cup. Fun.
3	The service saved this restaurant from a 2 star disappointment. When the only thing that tasted worth it's value was the fresh peach melba, I knew we were in trouble. I guess after reading these reviews, I should have stuck to items on the first course menu.
5	amazing gnocchi, amazing salmon and sea bass, AMAZING chocolate souffle. GET THE TRUFFLED CHIPS...FOODGASSMMMM. yeah wolfgang puck has overexpanded, but he neverh as disappointed me...even his fast food express places. the server was sooo funny and nice. the decor is simple but u forget everything when u just taste their food. really worth it!
4	I ate here back in 2007, so the menu might be different.  All I remember though was that I ate here with a friend because we were looking for a spot to eat at MGM while waiting to see KA.  WPB&G was conveniently located right across from the KA Theatre and the food was reasonably priced.  I had the risotto and my friend ordered their steak.  It was my first ever risotto and I enjoyed every bit of it and I know my friend enjoyed her steak.  I can't remember what we had for dessert though, but I know we liked it too.  Our waiter was cool and gave us top notch service.  That's all I can remember.  It's hard to write these reviews of places you haven't been to for a while.I'd go back here again.  So far every Wolfgang Puck restaurant I've been to has been a hit for me.  I'd really recommend dropping by here to eat or have a few drinks before watching KA.
4	This place has 5-star service and delicious cusine!! It's typical Wolfgang Puck, but a little less dramatic......over all 4.5 stars.THE ORDER:Butter Lettuce "Caesar-style" Salad, with croutons and whole white anchovy: 4.5 stars.....really good, but not perfect.Chopped Vegetable Salad: AMAZING!!!! 5 stars...the BEST salad I have ever had....the textures and flavors were amazing! I'd never had SHAVED feta before this salad, and it gives you a complete different exeprience with the cheese....The variety of goodies in this salad is out of this world. I DEFINITELY RECOMMEND IT!Spicy Tuna Tartare with Avocado, Cucumber, and Wontons: 4 stars.....really good and fresh...could have used more spice (heat). The cucumber was chopped and mixed into the avocado, which contrasted the ceaminess of the avo, with a nice, bright crunch.Maine Crab Cakes with Tomato Relish and Basil Aoili: 4.5 stars....the crab  meat itself was excellent.....the tomato on top was amazing....i wish there was more sauce because it was sooo good!THE SERVICE:5 stars.....I won't bore you with the details, but the service was AMAZING!!!!!!! yes.... AMAZING!I WILL DEFINITELY BE BACK....it was a bit pricey, but you pay for quality....everything was so fresh and yummy!xo-andrea
4	Not much to fault here - good service, good food, and good atmosphere.  I wish this place was not along the casino floor.  I really enjoyed the Kobe beef special - nice and tender beef on a bed of wild mushrooms.....  Yum.  Cheers,
5	We have been here several times, always for lunch.  We often go here before we have to take that long flight back to the east coast.  This restaurant is also very convenient as we often stay at MGM, so it makes for a quick and easy bite to eat on our way out. Anyways, I have tried the chicken soup (classic chicken soup with big chunks of chicken) and the spicy tuna tartare.  I have also had the french style omelet with Tuscan potatoes.  This meal makes for a great hangover meal when you are too late to catch breakfast.  But the real reason we keep coming back here is for the PIZZA!  Wolfgang knows his pizza and he certainly does it right!  We have tried probably every pizza he offers on his menu (I think about 5) and they are all stupendous!  I really enjoyed the mushrooms, leeks, and goat cheese and the hubby prefers the classic pepperoni!The dinner menu is like an extension of the lunch menu, so I'm sure it makes for a fabulous dinner as well!  Love your pizzas Puck!
4	The burgers looked really good here, but since I like to eat light before getting on a plane, I decided to get the Chopped Vegetable Salad with Feta Cheese, Olive Bread and Creamy Greek Dressing.  My friend and I also shared a Tomato, Burata Mozzarella and Basil pizza.  The pizza was a thin crust pizza, and the crust was really well made.  I think even my friends from New York will approve. And if folded into layers, Chicagoans would approve of it also. I was, however, disappointed in the salad - it was a little too heavy on the dressing, which wasn't out of this world anyway.  The ambiance was great, the service was good.
4	Always one of my regular stops for lunch when in town for business.  getting in and out of the MGM valet is usually pretty smooth midday too so getting to the next meeting is easy.  The food is solid, and the service generally even.  On my last visit I had the Linguine and clams.  Fresh house-made linguine and ingredients made this dish very tasty.  Thankfully that day I had no afternoon meeting as the garlic content was quite high and the dish had a nice kick from the chili flakes and a touch of cilantro.  Definitely a 4 iced-tea lunch.
5	Very surprised by how much I enjoyed this place for my last lunch in vegas on my most recent trip.   The pizza was decent, the french dip sandwich was good, but the homemade potato chips with truffled blue cheese sauce was AMAZING!   I would go back just for that dish.   The restaurant is also reasonably priced, especially for Vegas.
3	Good service, we got seated right away with a group of 8.I had an amazing glass of Riesling, loved it, honestly, good white wine to me tastes like the wine is sparkling in your mouth, loved it and the glass of wine was worth every penny!My dish was ok, I had the chicken Milanese, it was a HUGE portion and you can definitely split it with someone and it came with a yummy spinach salad with tomatoes and balsamic vinegar.You pay that price for the name.  The food, I can take or leave it.
4	Great service.  pretty contemporary casual setting. Solid food.I couldn't decide between salad or pizza and settled on ordering both and requesting a box right away to take the left overs.  The waiter informed me that I could get a half salad, which I did and it was the perfect amount.  I had the chopped vegetable salad with olive bread and creamy greek dressing.  I expected the bread to be soft, but it was fried croutons.  Pretty tasty, but more tangy/vinegary than I expected out of a "creamy" dressing.   The pizza was huge.  I had the mushroom, leek, and goat cheese.   Shared with friend and still took half home.  Friend had the cuban sandwich, her plate looked a little sad with just the grilled sandwich and a handful of chips and vast empty plate area crying out for a pickle or green garnish of some sort.  It was pretty tasty, but not really what I expect from a cuban.  The roasted pork had a citrusy marinade and was juicy, but I don't think it went well with the cheese and pickle (sweet).   overall great value.  cuban sandwich, mushroom pizza, salad, and two non-alcoholic drinks, tax + 20% tip = $47
5	Yummy! What great food- Wolfgang Puck is my favorite celebrity chef . Delicious comfort food with nothing weird, unedible or trendy in it. The chopped vegetable salad was fantastic- so many flavors and textures. I had the mushroom, goat cheese, and leek pizza which was delicious- and big! We had to take half of our pizzas to go. My friend had a pear drop martini and I had a mojito- I liked her drink a little more. Our waitress was wonderful- I told her we had a show to get to and she quickly took care of the check and boxes to go. Then she brought us bags before we even had to ask. I would definitely recommend this place (or the asian restaurant around the corner in the casino) for a nice dinner before a show.
5	Our first stop in our trip to Vegas this week.  Was the only thing decent we could find open at 1:00 am on a Thursday and it was excellent.Late night menu included Kobe steak bomb and the best burger I've ever had with some kind of caramelized onion greatness.Will definitely be back.
3	Killing time after the fight the other day, we decided to stop in the cafe for a quick bite.I found the place to be pretty reasonable (I was expecting to get bilked).  We shared a pizza (smallish, about 10-12") which was rather good and only cost $14 (pretty cheap for anything in and around the MGM).  Decent wine, good beer selection.Best thing about this place was that it offered a great view of the Vegas hoi polloi that just wanders around glassy-eyed and clueless.
3	Stopped in for a light meal with a co-worker...I ordered:1. Winter squash soup - gave me a Thanksgiving boost, it was a pureed soup topped with a cranberry mixture.  It was quite delicious.2. Roasted beet salad - the beets were freshly roasted and perfectly seasoned, but the greens had too much dressing (I should have asked for it on the side), it came with a block of Humboldt Fog cheese on the side which didn't look very appetizing, so I ignored it completely.3. French fries - thinly cut, crisp, sprinkled with chopped italian parsley.  Yum!Overall, the service was very good (we were seated immediately and had a very attentive waitress), the ambiance was so-so (too noisy, the casino reeks of smoke), but the food was solid.  I'd definitely frequent this joint again if I were ever in the neighborhood...
4	I was bit reluctant on eating here, just because I've never had a really good meal in any of Wolfgang's restaurants. With nothing else open at 4am in the MGM, I had no choice. So glad I did! A few girls and I nibbled on...Garlic-Chili Glazed Chicken Wings with Scallions Chicken, eggplant, roasted peppers and cilantro wood oven pizzaKobe cheese steak sandwich with onion ringsItalian sausage, mushrooms, onions and arsley wood oven pizzaFettucini alfredo with mixed mushrooms and parmesanEverything was delicious, full of flavor, great portions! The chicken wings & fettucini were my favorite! I had such a good experience that I came back the next night before going to see Ka.
3	Meh.I tried their pulled pork cuban sandwich for lunch.  Although it was full of flavor and tasty, it wasn't anything special.  I guess I was expecting more from the storied Wolfgang Puck name.  The cuban sandwich also came with potato chips (that I guess were home-made), very crunchy and quite tasty.I would probably not come back again as I would think there are other more interesting lunch spots to check out.
3	EXPENSIVE! Ok honestly I am not a huge fan of Wolfgang Pucks cuisine but since this place seems to be the only option open after 11pm in the MGM Grand I was forced to eat there twice. I had their chicken soup and Greek Salad the first time. Both were very small and mediocre in flavor. For $10, a cup of soup should have been the size of my head. Its just chicken soup. The second time, we had the Chinouis salad which is Wolfgangs famous chinese chicken salad and it was delicous. His pizza was eh. The service was good the first time and terrible the second time. Please dont make a special trip just to eat here but be prepared for some serious prices if you are hungry after 11pm and dont want to leave the MGM.
4	Great spot for a light lunch after a heavy breakfast.We had:*Maine Crab Cakes - They were lightly packed accompanied with a tangy tomato relish and aioli.  I would definitely have it again.*Cuban Sandwich - The fresh pickles added a great refreshing taste to the pork, bread was nicely toasted.*Passion Fruit Mojito - Love to taste different versions of mojito.  I would order this one again.*Kentucky Peach - Refreshing with a hint of ginger.
3	Been here twice.  Once was last year for NYE, had the crab cakes and it was delicious.  The entree I had was a risotto and I wasn't too excited about.  My friend had the Kobe steak and he said it was amazing.I came back last year for another dinner.  Honestly I can't even remember what I had because I didn't have the best experience.  However it is semi casual and open late night at the MGM.
3	Ate here on new Years Eve and in retrospect - this place wasn't amazing. I had the spaghetti and meatballs...for $25 and my gf ate some chicken salad. both were fairly uneventful and even the thought of getting dessert wasnt exciting to either of us.Other than the bread and those sweet glass walls with the leaves and flower designs that hang in the restaurant, everything else was pretty standard. the food was good, maybe a little boring. Nothing stood out about this place. Yawn.
1	In my many visits to MGM I have found Puck to be good for what it is. A coffee shop with good quality food. A place to grab a quick bite and hurry back to the poker room. My last visit changed that view. I ordered liver and was served a horrendous piece of meat after a very long wait that was overcooked. After sending it back I was sent another veined piece of undercooked meat. The manager could not figure out what to do. The place is run by a crew of untrained teen agers or so it seemed. I wrote to Puck and was never favored with an answer. Stay away.
3	after the long drive and late arrival to the hotel, our party was ridiculously hungry for some real food. because we were also lazy, i decided to look up a decent/ reasonable place to fill our grumbling tummies and found this place.  it was conveniently located within the hotel that we stayed at... and open late.  score!the food was not too bad.  we tried a few of their pizzas and burgers and while they weren't out of this world awesome, they weren't too shabby either.  i think another yelper summed this place up nicely by saying that it was 'unmemorable'.  there was nothing about this place other than the pretty walls/ decor that was particularly worth taking note.the restaurant is also conveniently located across cirque du soleil's ka- which unfortunately meant that it's also right next to the casino area, so the smell of smoke kind of permeated through and annoyed me. all in all, this is just somewhere you go to fill up on simple, hearty fare late at night. not someplace you should go out of your way to try- but if you're already there and hungry, why not?
4	What a nice reliable place to eat, and right nearby my terrible hotel room in the MGM Grand Tower. If you're staying somewhere in this giant hotel-casino, consider Wolfgang Puck for all your late-night dining needs. The pizzas are a bargain and were so tasty! I think that during a long weekend, my roommates and I tried at least three or four types and enjoyed them all. The drinks looked very expensive, but if you're eating at 3 am, you're probably not continuing to drink even more, right? Breakfast items were also pretty good -- I think we had eggs benedict. Mmm!
4	This place is a staple for my wife and I for a quick lunch or snack.Our favorites, and what keeps us going back is the goat cheese pizza and the truffled potatoe chips with blue cheese.  Wash it all down with a Stella and end up happy, happy.
3	The quality was amazing and I would have loved to given it a 4 or 5 star review.  Especially with my raspberry mocktail.  But the food fell a little flat on the flavour.  My friend got the pizza and it was pretty good.  I ordered the mushroom pasta and it would have been amazingly delicious, if it just had  a little more flavour in it.  More salt and pepper even? Otherwise it was really good.  The dessert was the chocolate cake with vanilla gelato.  The gelato had some larger grainy ice crystals in it, indicative of some slight temperature abuse (or old ice cream?). But the chocolate cake was nice.
4	This was our second visit to Wolfgang Puck's restaurant in the MGM.  The restaurant itself has a great upbeat modern decor, but being in the MGM with no walls or deliniation to speak of, there can be a bit of noise & commotion from the gaming floor from time to time.  After getting of the plane, losing a piece of luggage, etc -- it was great to sit down with a bottle of wine & the Maytag Blue cheese Truffle Oil Potato Chips to relax.  They are such comfort food!We also shared a mushroom & leek pizza, with a great olive oil crust, with just enough garlic too.  It's a thin crust, that does have some give and toothiness to make it yummy.WP's did have a winter tasting menu (their prix fixe option) -- and there were several nice choices, we just didn't want that much food.  But, for dinner, it may be a nice option for you.Wait staff was fine -- waiter was pleasant to talk with, yet not too chatty.  Wine selection was nice -- went with an Irony Pinot Noir on the lower price end -- but it was fine after our day.Total bill was $66 pre-tip.  If you're staying at the MGM, its a great place for a delicious meal.  Note -- they are also having a late menu - 11 pm to 5 am - so, gives you a much better option than MGM's Studio Cafe.
4	Was really happy here. The food was great. Service attentive but not overbearing. Convenient hours - 11:00am to 6:00am.
5	My first experience was horrible but I ended up leaving with a smile. My entree came first and the appetizers took foreeeeever and it was nowhere to be seen after the entree was long done. It was to the point that the manager came to apologize and offer a complimentary chocolate souffle cake (or was it choco mouse?) and asked whether I still want the appetizers as they were done and ready. I was pissed but a little forgivng for expressing his apology so I kept them. When came the bill, he did not charge us for the late appetizers. YAY. As you can see, I was willing to give them a second chance and become a loyal customer. I love to eat here whenever I am in Vegas.This is an open restaurant where you can eat and people watching at the same time if you don't mind the noise from the casino. The food and service are great, and ambience is lively, modern, and welcoming. I ordered mostly appetizers and nothing that I didn't like. To die for is the Truffle Potato Chips with Blue Cheese, all I can say is WOW. I also like Spaghettini; it's not your traditional spaghetti bursting with tomatoe sauce and grounded meat but it's a light vegetarian dish flavor right with a few key ingredients.
3	Had a late dinner here last week after a full travel day.  Wasn't sure if I was better off ordering multiple apps instead of an app/entree combo.  Service was generally fine as the place wasn't that busy on a Tuesday night at 10.  Started off by ordering the calamari app while i figured out where I was going with the rest of the meal.  It arrived shortly afterwards with a noticeable sheen to it.  I like my fried calamari dry and not glistening.  Talked with the waiter about the specialty pizzas which are a big part of the menu.  He suggested that they were just pizzas, interesting, but  'just pizzas'.Wound up with the chicken milanese which he suggested would be a decent amount of food.  The entree arrived and was 2 board-like pieces of overdone chicken beast with an arrugula salad with grape tomatos on top.  Made it through just one of them before giving up.  I was pretty disappointed with the flavor and texture of the chicken (too dry).I had higher hopes for the meal but at least the restaurant affords generally good people watching from most tables.  Note: this was my first Yelp review and expect to wind up with much more to follow.
3	Started preparing my drunken day by filling my tummy here at the restaurant because it was conveniently located inside MGM.I can't remember what we all got, but it was along the lines of pizzas. All of them were good, not great, but still delicious. They can't be that outstanding if I don't care to recall exactly what they were.I DOOOOOOO remember our appetizer though. We saw a tables nearby with all the same thing!! So we wanted it too. Turns out their truffle chips with blue cheese was one of the most popular items on the menu. After biting into one, I could see why. Explosion of flavor with every bite. It became too much when you kept eating it without alternating flavors. If you are to eat here, I recommend the TRUFFLE POTATO CHIPS!!
4	In a nutshell: Solid menu, Reasonably priced (for Vegas) and Very friendly service. This same restaurant (with the same menu) is in the Borgata in Atlantic City. After a very positive experience there I knew it would be a definite hit on our first night in Vegas when both my husband and I were too beat to stray very far for dinner.With so many expensive and upscale options in all of the casinos on the strip, it's nice to find a place that has all the taste and style without the insane cost.Started out with the truffled potato chip appetizer--  Highly recommendI had the gnocci and my husband had the spaghetti & meatballs, both delicious, and topped off dinner with a slice of the lemon cheesecake, which was big enough to split  (I do hate when places get skimpy with dessert portion size).We would definitely return, in Vegas or in AC!
5	I come here for lunch every time I'm staying at the MGM. I get one thing and one thing only the organic chicken! Seriously its the best fricking chicken ever. PS the Caesar salad is good too
5	Now, I guess you can say that my judgement here was a little skewed because I ate here at 2:30 in the morning after coming back from Haze, the new nightclub in Aria (XS is better) and I was lightweight faded, but man was the food good.We started out with the Truffled Potato Chips with Maytag Blue Cheese and man, this sh*t was bomb!  I normally don't like blue cheese at all, but it must have been a really good grade because it tasted great and didn't smell at all.  After we shared the Spicy Soprasata, Salami Toscana and Pepperoni with Green Chilies Pizza and this even topped the chips!  If you've ever read my reviews or been to Gaspare's and ordered the Bruce's Special, you're gonna love this pizza.  Not as good, but great in its own way because it's different.  Didn't have any trouble with slow service like other reviewers stated, but we did sit at the bar and took it back to the room.  Bartender was very friendly and made sure we always had water, lol.I am definitely looking forward to coming here again and sampling items apart from the late night menu.I know Wolfgang has a few restaurants in Vega$ so hit me up if you know of one I should try!
4	Wonderful service, excellent food!I ate here as a business traveller, alone, but instead of being ignored or rushed by the wait staff (a common problem), I had excellent service.   The meal was very well timed, and it was probably the most relaxing enjoyable meal I have had in a while.I had the Pink Lady apple and fennel salad, and the Kobe beef with chimichurri sauce.   The roasted potatoes were exceptionally crisp and flavorful, and the steak was perfect.    The only low spot of the evening was the cabernet that I had with dinner, which was OK but not worth the $14 per glass.   They should expand their wine list...
2	Boring restaurants yield boring reviews. Here goes... I've read a few of the reviews on this bar & grill and I agree with two prevalent ideas. The Truffled Potato Chips were delicious, and I'm not sure if Wolfgang Puck should put his name on this establishment. I should note that my buddy and I only had the Prime Burger with Vermont Cheddar and Smoked Onion Marmalade along with the chips so we had limited exposure to the menu. But hey, a great restaurant is supposed to make something simple into spectacular, and from its name the burger sure "sounded" delecious. While the name of the burger lights up your eyes, you palette is left bored and dismayed. Though it was cooked perfectly to my request of rare, there was no flavor that sprung out of the tender meat. Even the fancy smanshy cheese and onion stuff was bland and undeserving of the written text in the menu. Grab a beer and the chips here, but look elsewhere for simple, good eats. Yes, I do realize that's difficult in Vegas.
3	I won some party tixs to Studio 54 and my friends and I decided to grab a quick bite here before heading there. I truly have mixed emotions about this place.First off,  I ordered a pizza and the pizza was HUGE and it was sooo delicious! I could only eat half and was sad to not be able to bring home the other half since we didn't have a fridge in our hotel room. What a waste! I hate wasting food! I should have totally shared. The prices of the pizza was around $15 but it's pretty darn big and yummy. WAY better than CPK which is roughly around the same price and yet a tad smaller.But the worst thing about this place is its service! We waited a long long time until they finally took our order and waited over 40 minutes until our food was finally cooked. It was an insane amount of time. This was on a Tuesday night! It wasn't even a weekend but I guess they were still busy. But I still personally feel waiting nearly an hour is just absurd and retarded. They did take one of our meals off because we complained but it was just the $8 soup taken out. They should have given us 50% off the whole bill since we waited so very long.So next time you come here. Share the pizza and enjoy it! It's delicious and I might come back just for that but as long as you know the service can possibly suck, just either accept it or don't come here at all.
3	You can get a decent meal here. Nothing stellar mind you. It feels like pseudo gourmet cuisine.
4	because it's a franchise i thought it would be conventional.  the food was delicious, the service great and responsive...we were by the kitchen door and it was interesting rather than an annoyance.  I would definitely eat there again and next time I'll try the linguine with clams...my companion was moaning while she ate it...my chopped salad was delish and interesting.
3	Asian-glazed chicken wings = 3.5/5Flavor was good, nothing popping. Could have used a sprinkle of salt to enhance flavor.Pea Soup with Truffle Oil and Morels = 4/5I liked this dish.  It was pureed smooth and drizzled with truffle oil (and crema, i think) with a few morels in the middle.  Meatball Spagetti = 3.5/5Eh.  If you're going to serve spagetti with meatballs it either better be in 3D or be really, really out of this world.  Most people can make a decent version at home so if you're going to pay $20, it better blow my mind.  It didn't.  NEXT!Mussels in white wine with chorizo = 4/5You get a LOT of mussels for $25 so it makes this dish worth it.  The flavor of the broth was good, cheesy bread was so-so, and the few chorizo slices act as an accent rather than a main ingredient.  The server had to empty my shell plate a couple times before I was done with all the mussels that I got, so if you like mussels this dish a good one.Some friends ordered the ravioli and said it was really good, but I didn't try it, so I don't know.  =POverall- you need reservations if going during main business hours- service (ours at least) was pretty good- we told the server we were catching a show, food came out promptly- portions were a good size- appetizers were $10-15 and entrees $18-30.  So about $$ if ordering an entree and beverage and about $$$ if you're going for 3 courses.So, overall.. good food, but but nothing special.  I agree with Jaye V. saying, I wouldn't put my name on it if I were Wolfgang.  =P
3	Wolfgang Puck in MGM is big and busy.  I like the all white and that it overlooks the casino floor.  On a Friday night we were able to walk up without reservations and be seated in less than 5 minutes.  If you love blue cheese you must try the tuffled potato chips with maytag blue cheese.  We also shared a pizza, which was a little on the salty side, but ok.  The service was pretty good, they get you in and out like a machine, so it's a fast dining experience if you are in a hurry.
2	So it was around 1am on a Saturday night in Vegas and I became REALLY hungry as soon as my friend told me there was pretty much no decent restaurants open. Wolfgang was the only option in the MGM past 11pm. The looks of this place kind of puts you off. There are these huge ring things around the front of it. Despite the daunting looks of this place the staff was pretty nice and they were BUSY. One of the many thing I love about Vegas.... that it can feel like its noon at 1am in the morning.I got the Mushroom, Talleggio & Leeks pizza. Which was just what the doctor ordered for my post midnight hunger pains. But they put raw leeks on the pizza. I think the heat from the pizza is supposed to cook the leeks. But they put so many on that the sheer heat of the pizza couldn't cook all of them. Raw leeks not my favorite thing to eat. Server took a really long time bringing me my drink. I almost canceled but I needed a little whiskey (I'm a whiskey girl through and through). I got the Makers Mark + Peach drink. Which quite frankly was the best idea EVER! Peaches and whiskey what more can you ask for? Giving 2 stars  because the menu is overpriced and service was slow + raw leeks. With all the culinary delights in Vegas I don't think I would come back here.
3	TRUFFLED POTATO CHIPS WITH MAYTAG BLUE CHEESE AND CHIVES - Great snack food that belongs on your lap while you're plopped in front of a TV. Not at a restaurant so much.Everything was pretty decent.
4	After leaving the club @ 4am we were seeking a place to grab a bite around the Hotel. We were informed that Wolfgang Puck's was open till 5M. I will admit it is the most expensive meal I have purchased at 4am... but well worth the money. Service was stellar. We order two plates which they split in half so we could each try a little of both plates. The prime rib sandwich was perfect, and the spaghetti was amazing. It has a little spicy kick to it which was unexpectedly good. Of course this place is pricey and maybe if I wasn't drunk and starving I would never have wandered in.... but I am glad I did
4	Sangria and truffled potato chips with Maytag blue cheese. Mmmmmm.....
5	Wonderful food!! Fantastic Wait Staff and they weren't stingy with the drinks!  Very good food for the price, and they are open late night.
4	3.5 stars.made reservations and when it was time my party of 5 was immediately taken to our table. the waiter was very nice and could tell my party was pretty buzzing.we ordered the Italian Sausage, Roasted Peppers, Smoked Ricotta, Mushrooms, Onions and Parsley pizza, crab cakes, and the beef skewers. the skewers were cold but were very tender and i liked the marinade. the crab cakes were very crab like. normally supposed to only get 4 but the waiter was nice enough to get us 5. props to him. the asian guy. the best was the pizza. it was hot when it arrived and the crust was so crispy. the bad was that the toppings fell off too easily.
4	Ate here several times during my last vegas trip.Tried several pizzas and all were good.  Yes they make a pretty good thin crust pizza just make sure you ask for it well done.Also tried the beef terderloin which was really good.  The Mac N Cheese is OOOOOOOh so good and god know how fattening.The last dish tried was the organic chicken and pureed mash potatoes.  This was the least favorite of the all.  Chicken had a funny taste but couldn't identify it (it wasn't the rosemary) and the mash was a little too wet.
5	For what we ordered(and what we generally order at Puck's restaraurants),, the meal was extraordinary.  We each ordered a salad, and split a 12 inck Wood Fired Pizza. In regards to the salads, i dont think anyone on the Strip makes better ones. The Chopped Greek salad features  3 things i have never seen in a greek salad: feta that is shredded. Toasted Pine nuts. And pickled Okra. extraordinary flavor. Solid portion. For those who mite go clubbing, beware. Garlicky. My wife got the legendary Chinois chinese chicken salad that was served at his former Chinois Restaurant, and is still on the menu at Spago. All i can say is it may be the best sald you will ever eat. Period....I am a pizzeria owner from Chicago, and have never been fond of the Wood/Charcoal Fire Pizza Craze. But Puck does it right. At Spago and here. Generally, crust comes soft when cooked at such high temps for short times, but not here. We got the Kalamata olive, Goat cheese, Proscuitto. Awesome. Generous supply of proscuitto on top. It came with pesto sauce, but we substituted the red sauce instead so why wouldnt OD on garlic. Great Pizza. 12 '' Gourmet ZA on casino floor at the MGM for $16. Thats a bargain. Salds were $12-13. We were stuffed.... Service was adequate. Sometimes in Vegas, when you dont order booze or dessert etc, you get attitude from servers. Not here. This is isnt a destination restaurant folks. Not a lot of ambiance. But if you are looking for a great meal without breaking the bank, this is a solid choice.
4	Ok, I admit it is over priced. But the food is good and the service is very professional and superb.We only had about 30 minutes before going to the airport. We told it to our waiter and not only he suggested the best dished that they could provide to meet our needs, but also he managed to give us the most enjoyable dinner time by maneuvering everything from taking orders to handling the check.We had Chevre and apple salad, Spaghetti with meat ball and Chevre and Sweet pea tortellini. They were all good, especially the tortellini, which reminded me of the same kind of pasta dish I had in Tuscany :)
5	Had to write a quick one b/c brunch on sunday was an amazing meal. Us ladies could not decide where to dine and found wolfgang. We ended up order 1 1/2 lbs of steamed mussles that were absolutely delish...came w/ a side of shoestring fries ...and an amazing Bearnaise  sauce! Fish of the day which was halibut on a bed of veggies which was much better described by out waiter who took great care of us. We were sitting next to a table w/ 3 sweet guys that  introduced us to my other fave part of wolfgang which i highly recommend, their Bellini...now i defnitely dont know how to spell that one. Its just like a Mimosa except its Champagne w/Peach juice...and a raspberry floating inside!
4	Upscale Bar food, pizzas, salad, burgers.  I thought it was very good.  It is pricey for bar food, but I thought the food was great.  I had a delicious salad and my husband had a burger.  I love the open concept restaurants and if you're interested in a lighter meal before going out, I think this is a great choice.
2	There is much to be expected when you attend a 4 star restaurant. The first is that the food is actually good.  Because I thought the food lacked so much, I am going to make this a short review, because it doesn't even deserve that much time from me!My mother ordered the pizza. Domino's, Pizza Hut, Papa Johns, Unos, etc. have it one-up, hands-down on this places monstrous version of pizza. To give you an idea of how bad it was, my mother sent it back and the table next to us to one bite of theirs and were too shy to say anything about it.I ordered the Chicken Milanese with Spinach greens. The salad was good, the chicken came out of a box...or that was at least what I could easily assume about the paper thin, overly crusted, tasteless thing called chicken. In addition to my meal, my excitement led me to order a side of pureed potatoes. Ummm....WTF did they serve me? No taste, no seasoning, no....nothing. White sloppy mush!Grandma had that delish looking beef on sticks. Not too much of a complaint there, but specify how you want your meat. Each stick of meat had a varying degree of "done-ness" ranging from charcoal burnt to red and bloody. Not sure what the intent of that was. Overall, not again. Where is Denny's?
5	Looking for a great place to eat around oh say 12:45a.m. in Vegas....... You must try Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill inside the MGM Hotel! They are open 'til 6a.m. I think too. This place is awesome! Great spot to people watch, have some yummy cocktails and the food, oh the food is to die for! Per usual when in Vegas you tend to need food around 1a.m.-ish, we wondered over to the MGM and came across this gem of the strip. The restaurant has a very open hip contemporary feel. I wasn't able to have a drink as my hangover from hell wouldn't allow it, but the cosmo and other fruity concoction at the table next to us looked great! (Props to Georgeann G. for ordering a glass of wine!) I ordered the Spaghetti with meatballs..... probably the best I have ever had. The meat balls had chunks of garlic in them and the pasta was cooked just perfectly, not too raw or over done, perfect. Everything else that hit the table while we were there was great as well. I highly recommend this place!!! Enjoy! Viva Las Vegas!
5	This is my favorite casino restaurant in Las Vegas. I've tried a lot of things on the menu here and have never been disappointed.Although they have good pizzas, the rest of the menu steals the show. My favorite is the Chicken Milanese. Close runners up are; The Cheeseburger, Flat Iron Steak, and the unforgettable crab cakes. They offer some great complimentary fresh bread for a start as well.Sometimes I find myself eating here more than once when I visit Vegas. It is also right next to KA, which is one of my favorite Vegas shows, and has a pit of cheap black jack tables right out front as well. Sometimes there is a short wait during rush hour.
3	Las Vegas.  There are definitely a lot of notable food places in Las Vegas, but there are just as many bad ones and many of them (good or bad) are overpriced.  At the end of the day, I just want to go somewhere that has good service and serves okay food (that is reasonably priced and hasn't been sitting around for too long).  I think Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill fits the bill (at least at lunchtime).I had already had one lunch, but I was meeting up with friends and, well, the restaurant is not a park bench so I felt obligated to order something.  I went with the heirloom tomato salad that came with mozzarella, micro greens, pesto, basil aioli, red onion, and a vinaigrette.  The salad was very fresh.  I've had better mozzarella, but the plump heirloom tomatoes were good.  The salad may have been slightly over-garnished and it was a little too tart and powerful due to the vinaigrette and some very strong red onions.Service was very good.  The waiter was friendly, polite and attentive.  He also seemed very apt at judging the pace of the crowd, which is definitely a strong asset in Vegas since some groups want to get-it-and-go while other groups like to stay for a while and decompress.The space was fine (contemporary and not cluttered).  It felt like a fresh and clean cafe.  It was open to the casino (actually located in the center of the MGM Grand casino floor).  The casino was not that busy, but I wonder how nice it would be to eat at this place when the casino is busy because I imagine that the smoking nearby would be a problem (kind of like restaurants in some states that have non-smoking and smoking sections right next to each other).The portions were big enough.  In other cities, the prices would be a little high for the food being served.  But for Vegas, the prices seemed reasonable.I would say that Wolfgang Puck would top a lot of the generic 24-hour Vegas Strip casino cafes.  Wolfgang Puck is slightly more expensive than those at lunchtime, but they have enough variety on their menu where you can order some less expensive things if you are trying to keep to a tighter budget.  Because of that, Wolfgang Puck is an okay Las Vegas lunch option if you are looking for fresh and decent food (and not simply something to hold you over until your next meal).
4	If you're staying at the MGM Grand, I recommend trying Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill. I ate there for lunch and dinner and shared a total of 6 dishes. I suggest the Corned Beef Reuben with Sauerkraut and Swiss on Rye with Potato Salad for $15 if you want a good deli style sandwich. The Fish of the Day (Halibut) with Wild Mushrooms and Pearl Onions, Creamy Corn Puree and Tomato Fondue for $31 was also very good. For salads, I thought the Chopped Vegetable Salad with Feta Cheese, Garlic Croutons and Creamy Greek Dressing was very good and can easily be shared with people as an appetizer.The portions vary between the dishes. I thought the Ricotta Gnocchi with Sweet Fennel-Sausage Bolognese for $23 was a little on the small side compared to the Sweet Pea and Goat Cheese Filled Tortellini with Wild Mushrooms and Parmesan Reggiano for $25. You also can't go wrong with the Grilled Prime Burger with Vermont Cheddar and Smoked Onion Marmalade for $18. The Crab cakes were delicious, $17 for 4 crab cakes. When comparing Wolfgang Puck's prices to other MGM restaurants, this place is very reasonable and the servers provided excellent service both times I dined. Nice atmosphere too. I would go eat here again.
5	We found ourselves still awake, a little drunk, and starving at 4am on a Thursday morning while staying at MGM and realized there were only two options for food.  McDonalds (ugh) or Wolfgang Pucks.  Wolfgang Pucks totally overexposed itself.  I think of WP and think of airport food or frozen pizza.  Or well.. just commercialized bullsh*t.  But, there was no way we were going to McDonalds.We found our seats at the bar, told the bartender we had a Prima card and he immediately put in a free order of Truffled Potato Chips with Maytag Blue Cheese and Chives.  Looking through the menu we stopped on the "Croque Madame" - Grilled Ham and Gruyere with Fried Egg and Mixed Green Salad and both decided that we should each get one.  I mean, come on, who can split a croque madame.Now here was go.  The potato chips?  Stupid good.  Truffle sauce lined the bottom of the plate.  The blue cheese was soft and scoopable and we finished every last morsel on the plate.  Amazing.But the croque madame was the winner.  Actually it was the food winner of the entire vacation.  Never in my life have I tasted something so sinfully delicious.. ham, gruyere, bechamel, the perfect fried egg... holy heaven.  The thing was bigger than my head.  The side salad was tossed with a dressing that actually tasted like a breakfast salad.   I finished the entire thing and still wanted more.  My opinion of Wolfgang has been forever changed back to the great chef, leader and brand we knew him to be.If you're in Vegas, I swear to god you need to stay up late - go to Wolfgang Puck - order the croque madame and potato chips... and your trip to Vegas will be worth every dime that you lost in Vegas.
2	ok we ate here because I just got flippen tired of walkingif you have eaten at any wolfgang named places you will already know what to expect, and I'm still not a fan
4	I'm trying to visit all the celebri-chef eateries in Vegas and I finally had the chance to try a Wolfgang establishment.I picked this place because of the high rating on Yelp and it seemed like a low key place to eat right before catching Zumanity across the street at NYNY. For some reason after taking a quick glance at the menu, the gf and I weren't feeling the food. Maybe because it was "bar" food and we've been eating Earl of Sandwich everyday since we got into town. It took a while to decide, but we decided to split the butter lettuce caesar salad and the entree of organic chicken. We also ordered the honey lime aid; perfect for those into sour drinks.The portions are huuuuge so it was good we split the food. Very simple and traditional take on classic dishes. Service is fast; there's so many waiters attending to you and some even dressed in suits!
4	Just coming back from vegas I would have to say I wished there was a Wolfgang Puck here.  There crab cakes are amazing, they have a green tarter sauce thats so sweet and tangy at the same time.  We ordered the sausage italian pizza and clam pasta.  Both were delicious except the pizza was a little too oily for my taste.  The pasta was so good, next time when I come back in August I will be ordering the pasta.  They also had a special dessert that day which was vanilla ice cream with pineapples, apples and pie crust.  The dessert was to die for, I usually don't like pies but this was good. Can't wait to go back to vegas again this summer and go back to wolfgang puck.
4	I came here with my boyfriend for a quick lunch before heading to Wet Republic. We decided to share the chicken noodle soup and pulled pork sandwich. Both dishes were flavorful and salted just right. I really enjoy the ambiance of this place -- even though it's located right in the middle of the casino and there are no actual walls, there's an aura of casual elegance about it. Recommended!-L.
4	Yummmmmmmmmm! I loved this resturant. We arrived to MGM on July 2nd and had lunch here after settling into our room. When we walked up there wasnt a line so were able to get a seat asap. Our waitress was very nice..not hella attentive but nice. I ordered the crab cakes which were to die for!!!! They were moist and kinda of crispy . Those were the best crab cakes I've tasted....well actually that was the 2nd time I tried em in life so maybe that's why lol. My friends had the Mesquite Steak Skewers and a ham and turkey club or somethng. Everything looked and tasted good! Downside and why they only got 4 stars: HELLA EXPENSIVE! My crab cakes were 17 dollars and my drink was 12 ( I got the Bellini) and even though everything was delicious, my crab cakes were the size of hush puppies! and I only got 4!!! I understand its a appetizer but if I would had known they were going to be that small, I woulda gotten something a lil more filling. I know its Vegas and everything is way to much that's why I didn't trip that hard, I just wish I gotten more food..even a  lil salad on the side of something lol!But overall, service was good, food was great! I'd definitely come back again and get a app and a entree.
5	One of the best dinners I've had in Vegas this whole trip! The waiter was super personable and the food was DELICIOUS! Had the ricotta gnocci, and although it was a definitely a small serving for pasta, it was incredibly filling! I'm not really a fan of red sauce, but I basically sopped up the Bolognese sauce! I will definitely be back each time we come back to Vegas.
2	1.5 starsSo no one told us that you could starve to death on a Monday night in Vegas. After midnight, we gratefully stumbled in, happy to get anything at all to eat. Hopes were high. Although this place is in the middle of the casino, the design feels chic and modern. But then reality set in.The waitress actually snickered at my husband's cocktail order, and it wasn't even a girly drink! He was a bit taken aback. (The weird thing is, the waitress snickered again later, a propos of nothing. So I think the snickering is some nervous tic, an unfortunate one when you're dealing with the public, but nothing personal.)We ordered the Italian sausage pizza. How to put this? It was awful: a drooping, oily, tasteless mess. It was not possible, physically or psychologically, to eat it.We got the hell out of WPB&G as eagerly as we had gotten into it. One star for nice design, half a star just for being open, minus three stars for crimes against pizza.
4	we went here one night because the cafe was closed (wtf right?)  it was around 3 or 4 int he morn and we just got back from clubbin and had some major munchies.  after walking over the the cafe and finding out they were closed (insert sad face here) an employee took kindly on us and explained that wolfgang puck was still open so we moosed on over there to get food (cause skinny people cant sleep without food- just not possible).  Surpisingly the food was really good (or maybe we were just starving- i have a feeling it was a little of both).  This place gets 4 stars from me.  3 for the food and 1 extra for being open when everything else was closed!
4	This little bar and grill is located in MGM Grand next to the KA theater. We decided to eat here since it was close to the KA theater and we were waiting to be let in. Service:The service was good. Everyone was friendly and we got our meal/drinks in a reasonable time limit. And the waiter didn't push us to get anything that we didn't really want. Food:Pizza - I didn't like this pizza neither did my boyfriend. I guess we have a pretty high standard for pizza. The pizza was pretty greasy, which made the crust wet and everything tended to slide off the pizza. Also the pepperoni wouldn't tear that easy so we ended up eating the whole pepperoni at once. Pasta (linguini with clams) - I loved it! The pasta was home-made and you can really taste the freshness. The chewiness and thickness was perfect, which was a big must for me. The favor could of been a little bit better, but it was good enough for me. Price: Each entree is about $20-50, which is pretty normal for places in vegas. I would recommend this place to anyone!
4	I have been to Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill quite a few times since the MGM is usually where we stay. The first time, I had pizza and it was ok. Nothing special. At that time, my boyfriend order the burger. I tried it and I thought it was delicious. That is what I have every time I go now. I am a bit scared to pay that much money for another ok dish. The burger is huge and comes with some of the best fries I have ever had. I tried their sangria once and it was ok.The last time I went, i also noticed they had a pre fixe menu. I believe it was $45 and it included a choice of salad, a choice of entree, and a dessert. It looked like a pretty decent deal.
4	Typical Wolfgang Puck establishment ... stick to the strong points: thin crust pizza, simple pastas and California-esque Italian salads and you're gold.  We stopped for an aftershow dinner following the 19:30 Ka show.I had the spaghetti and meatballs with a side of grilled asparagus and it was great ... lots of food, comfort food at that, and nothing to be disappointed about.  Admittedly nothing spectacular, but overall filling, pleasing and hit-the-spot tasty.  I also recommend the chicken wings, sweet glaze with a nice chili burn. My companions had the chopped vegetable salad (looked great), a simply fantastic looking Cabrese salad with a startling assortment of heirloom tomatoes and a brace of thin crust pizzas that smelled terrific.  Everyone in my party were pleased with both the food and the service.
4	I forgot everything  we ordered but it was soo tasty. I finished all of it (as expected). I had the Gyro pita sandwich. I'm obsessed with Greek food and it was so yummy!! Price is a little high for my liking but it seems like everything in Vegas is.
5	Melt in your mouthDance in the tummyAll around, a memorable food venture experience.I ordered the special they had that evening.  It was a porter house steak, creamed spinach on top of polenta, and topped it off with maple pork belly.  All for $40 and well worth every penny.  I love food and trying new things.  After my dinner, I had to gloat a little and share my awesome dining experience with my friend that evening who couldn't join us.  The customer service here was great!  We were on a tight schedule for good dining and a show to catch.  The waitress kindly accommodated us with quick good eating and got us out just in time for seating.All in all, it was a great dining memorable dining experience I've had in Vegas yet.
4	THANKS for being open late. (til 6am on weekends I think)The Kobe Cheesesteak sandwich is really good.The Pizzas are really good.The desserts are NOT that good.
4	Convenient, quick, good service and fair prices area a good combo when you are hungry and smack in the middle of the MGM.I love the simple yet elegant decor of the place, and upon the recommendation of our polite and speedy server my colleague and I split a wood-fired pizza.The Spicy Sopressata, Salami Toscana, Pepperoni, Sausage, Red Onions, Goat Cheese, and Green Chilies came together nicely. It had a balanced and wonderful flavor, with all of the ingredients flowing together and none overpowering another.For about $25 bucks for two, I would highly recommend it for a quick and delish lunch!
3	We have been here for three years in a row - and we were so disappointed the last time we came!  We like to eat lunch here (prices are better and way less crowded).  My pizza was ok, nothing too exciting, but i hate it when I am on vacation and I get leftovers - no where to store them!  Wish it was a half pizza.  I love the potato salad - I try to recreate it at home but never have any luck.  They took DH's favorite sandwich off the menu and he has been disappointed with the others he has tried.  :(  The servers acted like we were a pain for not ordering drinks (sorry, it was hot - I like water).  Atmosphere is nice, it is open and nice to peopole watch.
5	I ventured into the Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill as a hungry, tired tourist. Sure, I was in Vegas for work but I still wanted to have a little fun and eat some great food. After winding my way through the casino I finally found my destination and took a seat at the bar. Freddie (I'm assuming he's a manager) and I chatted for a bit while I perused the menu. I decided on a Elderflower martini to start and was incredibly pleased with my choice. This drink was literally perfect and I would've had another but as I said...this was a work trip =) Next came the Maytag bleu cheese chips, hello delicious! I only ate the chips saturated with topping because I knew my entree was on its way...but hello, this dish is sinful and pure yum.My main course was perfectly cooked, piping hot white fish with tomatoes, spinach and a creamy slightly sweet corn based sauce. It was really simple but oh so good-I'm very glad Freddie recommended it! Finally I had a sweet sorbet that cleansed my palate just so...after thanking the staff for their time and wonderful hospitality I walked er rolled back to Mandalay Bay. Glad I took a trip down the strip for dinner!
4	First of all, I would like to say that I like the way they decorated Wolfgang Puck. It looks really nice on the outside and that kinda attracted me when we were walking around the MGM. I also enjoyed the fact that this restaurant is a late night place because we went to watch the Ka show which was until 10-11? and that place was open. It was another reason why I love the place.My friends and I decided to try this place out and our total party members was 8. The waitress that served us wasn't that great because I didn't even know she was my waitress until the check but the bus boy that served us was excellent. The water never ran out on us because the bus boy knows when to come back every time. The menu that we got was pretty unique and I wanted to try everything but i only have one stomach. I got the fish of the day which was the halibut. The halibut was lay on top with the smashed corn and spinach on the bottom with roasted garlic. I really liked it. I love the corn and i love spinach so it was definitely a nice combination to me. Well its not only the spinach and corn that was great but the halibut was absolutely fresh. It had such a nice taste to it which was light yet flavorful. The inside of the fish was fresh and i can easily just slice through with my fork. I'm kinda drooling as im typing this hahaha.ANYWAY I liked my entree' but i also got a mac and cheese with my friend and we shared half. It wasn't the greatest mac and cheese i tasted but it didnt taste bad. Personally i wouldnt recommend it though because i find it pricey and its not the best m.a.c. Although i don't recommend it and it is consider a side dish, it does get you full because there is 3 different kind of cheese in there so it is cheesylicious.Anyway i also tried the other things which was pretty nice. I don't remember all the names anymore but most of the things that I've tried on the table was pretty good. I just personally didn't like the pizza. I mean I'm not saying that it is nasty but its like nothing special. If im gonna pay this much for a pizza that tasted around the same as most of the place then I wouldn't exactly recommend it. Anyway it is worth trying it out so come here if you get a chance.
3	Reserved a table for a group of 10, but when 2 of us arrived first, they went ahead and let us sit down, instead of having to wait for the rest of our group.  +1 for service.I ordered the sweet corn soup (that was actually on the restaurant week prix fixe menu), and it was goddamn delicious.  also had a "Ginny Hendricks" (Hendrick's gin, rosemary simple syrup, and something else).  This was also pretty damn good.But then I followed that up with the mussels, and the broth was ridiculously salty.  It is kinda my fault for not just telling the waitress this and having them replace my order.  The other plates that I tasted seemed all pretty solid.  So I think I'll have to give this place another shot.I'm at 3.5 for now, but I think if I had ordered something else, I'd give it a 4.
5	Excellent menu with unique dishes and fair prices. We ordered the riccotta gnocci and the pork belly sandwich. Both were superb. My husband claims his drink was the best of our trip! Great service as well.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed dinner here. The atmosphere really kicked it up a notch for me. It's MGM casinos all around but in the middle is a really nice, upscale, elegant place for modern dining. I think the setting could be perfect for every occasion-- date, group of friends, family, business, etc.I ordered the pizza which was the least successful out of all the dishes I tried. The pizza itself was okay, but if you're gonna have pizza at fine dining, it generally needs to be very creative and different, or just mind-blowingly awesome. The pizza is on par with other pizzas, but more pricey. You're better off trying other dishes on the menu.I had a couple bites of a sweet corn and cheese ravioli which was fantastic. Everything on the plate balanced really well together and you could tell the fresh quality of the ingredients on the plate. A friend also ordered a halibut with spinach which was amazing. I'd recommend trying those! The service was great and the food was reasonably priced. What more could you ask for?
4	Great lunch. Burgers are huge, pizza plenty for multiple people and the BLT with pork belly was to die for.
4	The Cheese Steak was amazing, the whole dish was just such a great mix, the onion rings were amazing.
2	My bf and I ate here on NYE. it was really good. I ordered a glass of riesling and my bf he good ole american boy a good ole american budweiser. Can't beat it. Oh wait - it got bought by a German company. Oh well. Not so american anymore is it? Anyway. This place was very classy feel but not too scary or intimidating. I ordered the pizza with Goat cheese and mushrooms and prociutto. It was very good. I ate half to save room for all the alcohol i was going to be consuming. My bf ordered the spaghetti and meatballs and it was $25, so he thought this was going to be the best plate of spaghetti and meatballs that he ever had. NOPE... he said I would have paid all of $8.00 for that. He was very just disappointed in his plate and odds are we wouldnt be going back for the price they are charging for this place.
4	This was a great fancy late night meal.  We had the calamari, vegetable salad, ricotta gnocchi, and sauteed salmon.  Everything was yummy!  Including the foccacia bread that they brought out to nibble on beforehand.  The final tab was a bit high, but the food made it worthwhile!!
4	Came back to Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill after 3 years.  It's still worth it!This time I ordered the Crispy Chicken Milanese with Arugala and Cherry Tomato Salad, however there weren't any Cherry Tomatoes in sight.  Didn't bother me too much since the two pieces of chicken were huge (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=bjqCv8AjeQvD0O80PSeorg)  The presentation looked kinda messy though.  Based on the pic it almost looks like something you'd get at Cheesecake Factory.  Aside from the presentation though, the chicken was cooked very well and the crispy breading actually tasted like a lot of love was put into it.  It didn't blow me away like the Risotto I had before, but I still enjoyed it.Service still wins me over here as our waiter was very helpful and always checked on us.  3 stars for the food and 5 stars for the service, which averages out to 4 stars!  Would definitely still come back again for another round!
4	I'd give this five stars but I'll have to visit one more time to confirm. Came here during my stay at MGM and boy was I not disappointed. If your looking for a place other than a buffet in Vegas, look no further. Everything my girlfriends and I got was divine. Pizzas are big enough to share but I'm not promising that you'll find yourself eating an entire pizza all by yourself because it's so dang good!
5	I was staying at the MGM with some friends and were looking for a nice sit-down restaurant that wasn't too expensive. We spotted Wolfgang Puck and knew he was a prestigious chef, but we were almost swayed away by the fancy looking decor, because we thought everything would be overpriced.We checked out the menu outside and saw that everything was pretty reasonable ($15-$30 for most dishes). It was so hard to decide on what to order because everything sounded so good!I had a bite of everyone's food and I loved every single dish on the table! I'd have to say my favorite of everything I tasted was the BLT, because the bacon wasn't your ordinary bacon; They were thick slices of pork belly "glazed to perfection," as my friend kept saying!I ordered the Ham and Turkey Club, which I know sounds boring haha, but it was so good! They PILED the meat and there was a third slice of bread in the middle, probably to keep all that ham and turkey from sliding around. The bread was crispy, and the portion was huge! They cut up my sandwich into four sections, and I only ate two and took the rest back to our hotel.My friend's pizza was also delicious! I believe it was the Prosciutto and Goat Cheese Pizza: Prosciutto, Kalamata Olives, Oven Dried Tomatoes, Basil Pesto, Goat Cheese.I highly recommend going to Wolfgang Puck! The prices aren't outrageous, considering you are in Vegas, and the food is superb.
4	Let it be known I am not a huge fan of super expensive, fancy schmancy food. Great food can be affordable, simple, and still taste amazing. Wolfgang proved all those points with my kick ass meal the other night.To start I had the crab cakes -- loads of crab, minimal breading, perfectly cooked, very tasty. They might have been a little over priced, but I am sure getting fresh crab to a desert isn't the easiest.But the highlight of the night was the gnocchi. Or dear baby Jesus that was some good stuff -- light pillows of goodness, amazing Bolognese sauce, heaven. Whatever you do, get that. The gnocchi is one of the best things I have eaten in a while.
2	Beware of this place,  great service, loved the decor.  I was there about 2 weeks ago and I sat at a nice table with my girlfriend. We shared  a calamari appetizer and then the tortellini pasta.  We dont drink alcohol so it was only around $50.  Everything was nice until we headed back to our room at the Bellagio.  Where we spent the rest of the night taking turns hugging the toilet.  The worst case of Food Poisoning I have ever had.  I did call and notify the restaurant and they said they will take care of it???  Ok great,   what a drag.  I didnt ask for my money back,  just trying to save anyone else from ruining their Vegas trip.  They have a record of the incident if yelp decides to filter this.
4	Husband and I came here for dinner before the Crazy Horse show. I love the look of this place. Very sleek and modern looking. We started w/drinks. I had a raspberry cosmo, hubby had a bloody Mary. He said it was the best bloody Mary that he has ever had. We shared an appetizer of truffle oil chips w/blue cheese. WOW!! These are good, and worth the trip alone. I ordered some ravioli dish. It was bland. I was going to go w/the gnocchi, after reading other reviews, I wish I would have gone w/my first choice. Hubby had the short ribs. They were amazing. The sides that accompanied theses ribs were equally as amazing.
4	Not bad for your general Vegas dinner,.....Loved their homemade chips with blue cheese sauce. Pretty good personal pizzas, too! Kindav noisy, but fun fun fun! I wouldn't wait more than 15-20 minutes for a table.
4	Whenever I crave potato chips, I come here.  Sound strange?  Not if you try their blue cheese potato chips.  They are made fresh to order with this blue cheese cream smothered all over the chips, and they are to die for.  Whether I'm dying for the appetizer or just passing by, I have to get my blue chip fix at Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill.This is a great restaurant that's open to the casino floor and very comfortable.  They have a way of making the space feel private despite it's open floor layout.  Service is great and the food is great!  I love the menu choices.  All the food feels clean and not heavy on the stomach.  That, and his flavor combinations are really nice.  There are some things that you'll find just average, like most hotel eateries, but if I had to choose one thing that stands out here, it's the damn blue cheese chips.  Grab a seat and have the chips with a glass of wine or a beer.  It's good and worth the stop.  Sure, other restaurants try to make it, but only Wolfgang's makes it right.
4	Went here for a late night grub after hitting the bars at MGM. I try and stop by everytime I stay at this hotel. Haven't been dissatisfied yet. And it's not the one-too-many-drinks talkin'. A better alternative to the McDs or chinese options offered in the food court. So my latest order was the wood oven roasted mushrooms, asparagus, leeks, thyme, taleggio. A nice big pie, thinking i won't be able to finish it, but then I look back at the plate and it's empty. I really like this pizza, nice combination, and the ingredients are well prepared. Score!The serving size was good, price is a tad high but just about worth it. Plus the service was friendly and attentive. On the border, deserving 4 stars.
4	Went for a late lunch/early dinner. The pizzas were delicious. Generous on the toppings and the taste
2	I was not at all impressed with the food. Maybe I just had a bad experience, but since this is a "name brand" restaurant, I was expecting a lot more. Boyfriend ordered a pizza and I ordered pasta, and both were so bland! My pasta was undercooked and not flavorful at all, and the pizza was just really plain. Also, the prices are expensive. Definitely not coming here ever again.
5	Considering the prices in Vegas this place is really one of the biggest bangs for your buck.  The portions are large and the food (at lunch in my case) was great. The best burger I've had in my life, hands down.  And, we were told they serve until 6 am!
4	Ate at Wolfgang Puck twice during my stay, and both times it was great.The first night, we had all arrived later in the evening and wanted a late night, light dinner. The staff was still very friendly, and service was quick. I ordered the Prosciutto/Olive/and Goat cheese pizza, the crust was crunchy not soggy and the flavors blended well. Others with me had the minestrone soup, loved it and two had the Chinois Chicken Salad, they raved about it. We all ordered a glass of wine here, the wine was much better and less expensive than Rouge. Two thumbs up!!Day two. On a quick break from the conference I was attending, two of us in the goup decided to go back for lunch. Again, service was very friendly and service quick. This time I ordered the minestrone soup and I have to say it really was delicious. The beans cooked perfectly and the veggies were done with a bit of crunch. I would have licked the bowl if I could have, it really was so good.
3	A bit pricey for what it is. But the crab cakes where good . Burger ordered medium arrived well done still tasty but not worth the bill
3	For such a huge resort its weird that practically all the food options at the mgm close by around 10pm.  After a long day out, and some r&r back in the room this restaurant was our last best hope of a good meal on the property.  Indeed they have a late night menu till 6am.The restaurant sits in the middle of the casino and has that "open to the casino" design that seems so popular these days.  I guess some people feel like they don't want to be too far from the action - me i like a bit of peace and quiet especially when I sit down to a proper meal.  Mind you, it wasn't too bad to be fair late at night, the casino had mostly calmed down.  We were seated without reservations the second we showed up and the service remained fast and friendly throughout.  Wine by the glass was decanted table side from its own in decanter, which im still a bit puzzled by.  This restaurant really strikes me as a mid range affair (pizza, pasta, burger etc)  but the ostentatious touches and pricing confuse matters - its trying to be something much more than it really is/ should be striving to be.The prices are what really keep this from a four star review personally.  I know this is the strip, Its got a big name chef on the door, but the restaurant isn't serving haute cuisine. Its serving simple classics, and does them fairly well.  It also charges more than fairly well too.  While my linguine/clam dish was respectable, it certainly wasn't close to the $25 sticker price.  It was competent if not a touch one note and meteorically overpriced.A tuna tartare app was very good (but again pricey) and a chicken salad was also competent but nothing you couldn't buy for half the price at a cheesecake factory.  All said i did enjoy my evening meal here, it was thoroughly pleasant.  When i walk away from the table with a $125 tab though i really want to be using better adjectives than "competent".
4	Everything we tried here was really good.... so good we ate here twice during our trip. I highly recommend the apple salad (huge), mac and cheese, prosciutto and pesto pizza and the Tuscan potatoes. I don't care too much about portion sizes so long as the food is good, but you get both here: wonderful flavors and generous servings.My only real complaint: the atmosphere is a little strange. The restaurant is on a platform but there aren't any walls separating the restaurant from the rest of the casino, just railings, so you're right in the fray of the slot machines. That said, it's the ONLY drawback. Definitely worth giving this place a try.
3	After a day of travel to Las Vegas my wife and I chose Wolfgang Puck because it was closest to our hotel room.We were greeted warmly and seated immediately. It's clear that the staff are well trained and attentive. My wife ordered the salmon on a bed of spinach and tomato. I ordered fried calamari started, with the linguine & steamed clams in a white wine sauce for main course.The calamari was prepared well, but some of calamari was rather tough - perhaps that is what should be expected when ordering seafood in the desert.The linguine was very tasty and I would have that again - except that it seems the clams were not cleaned properly - some of them had sand in them. This makes the dish somewhat crunchy and you don't know whether there will be sand in the next bite.My wife really enjoyed the salmon.We enjoyed Wolfgang Puck. If the sand wasn't in the clams and the calamari was tender, I would have given this restaurant a 4 or 4.5 star (if that were possible).
4	Wolfgang Puck was our first stop after arriving in Las Vegas. Hungry and tired from the long flight (just kidding it was only an hour) we needed to have lunch and a drink. We had our 21-year-old Grandaughter with us, and found it just weird to hear her order a drink- She was a baby just yesterday. She got carded and took great joy in showing her ID. The bartender spotted it immediately. He surprised her later with a fabulous dessert.I ordered spaghetti and meatballs, and I must say, they were right up there with some of the best. Mr. H enjoyed a scrupulous pulled pork sandwich. Our girl ordered a Pizza. It's true that the old Wolfgang knows his pizza. If this franchise were in Oakland I would start eating pizza.  Now, for baby girls dessert. On a very large plate, a slice of banana cream pie was placed next to a halved Bruleed banana. I believe that was the best banana I ever tasted. I mean really...who brulees a banana. "Nothing says dessert like a propane torch".Yes there was even a dollop of whipped cream. AND, on the plate, in chocolate, was a hand written Birthday wish. What a fabulous way to arrive in Las Vegas.Our experience was so great that we decided at that moment to have our Thanksgiving dinner there. It too was amazing. Wolfgang Puck Bar and Grill is located in the MGM Grand. I Highly recommend it. It's not to fancy and not to casual. Great food and great service
5	Truffle Potato chips w/ blue cheese ROCK!  OMG... OMG... OMG.  TO DIE FOR!Salmon was delish.  Meatloaf was killer w/ mushrooms and pancetta.  Expensive?  Not for Vegas and Not for Wolfgang Puck... was it worth it.  HELL YESSSS!!!   I will eat hear again, no doubt.  LOVE IT!
3	I came here after checking in at the Signature for a late night quick bite. I had the Chinese Chicken Salad with Candied Peanuts, Crisp Wontons, and Chinese Mustard Vinaigrette. It was very tasty, not the best, but I liked it enough. I also tried their Minnestrone Soup with White Beans, Carrots, Tomatoes, and Ricotta Crostini. this was especially good! I loved it. I would definitely take seconds!I also tried the Mesquite Grilled Steak Skewers that comes with a Creamy Celery Salad on the side. This i was not a fan of. The meat was just not tender enough. It was hard to take a bite and the meat wasn't even that flavorful. Pass on this dish!The service was great and quick. This place is good if you want to eat something late at night without leaving your hotel.
2	Food is not really good. We had wings, a salad and mashroom pizza. Wings and pizza were not good. This place shoul be 2,5-3 stars.
4	Half chicken was good and the mash potatoes were delish!Chicken soup was good too.Excellent customer service.Pricey.
1	Highly disappointed. Came here because of the good reviews this place got on yelp. Tried the blue cheese potato chips which were ok but nothing special about chips drizzled with blue cheese dressing and blue cheese crumbles. The chicken and eggplant pizza was bad- chicken was dry and it lacked overall flavor. The soup of the day was chicken noodle and I have one word for it- "canned"-  the only thing that made this restaurant bearable was the bottle of wine I drank with the not so appetizing meal.
3	This place is okay...it's not great, not bad.  We were staying at the MGM for a bachelorette party, and this was convenient.  I wouldn't go out of my way to dine here.  Of course, being that we were at a bachelorette party, we came here for late night.  Truffled Potato chips were good, so were the crispy fried calamari.  Nothing is WOW, but it's actually pretty good drunk food.  Add a glass of wine, and more drunkedness = good sleep.
4	This is the 2nd time I've been here. Once was right after the Ka show and once over the holiday weekend. It's located right in front of the Ka theater, so it's convenient if you're watching the show and you have the munchies. Nothing out of the norm. Food was good and that's all I ask for. The ambiance was actually really nice, considering it was open to the middle of the casino. The service was attentive and the setup of the dining area was really chic. I had the mushroom pizza, spicy spaghetti and meatballs, and the chef's soup of the day. The pizza was cooked perfectly...just the way I like it: Thin crispy crust with just the right amount of toppings in every mouth watering bite. The spicy spaghetti was indeed spicy but not too much to handle. Overall, this place was cute...it works if you're looking for a casual dining experience.
4	Big fan!  Took a client there and it was mid priced entree with cheesecake factory style portions.  I am a big fan of their California style cooking; the entree i had, steamed black mussels came in a huge iron skillet with about 30-40ish mussels.  Comes with their garlic fries. Great value for under $30.  Woodfire pizzas seem extremely popular here as all the tables around me were eating it.  Bring a big appetite!
3	its probably the only restaurant open late inside the MGM grand besides the mcdonalds. who wants to eat at a mcdonalds anyway when youre visiting vegas?! thats like wanting to stay at a motel 6!back to the restaurant, i like the decorated glass they have around. they gave complimentary bread with whipped butter. the food was not the best, it was good. pizzas were 10", had a thick crust, and filling. staff was friendly and attentive, a plus!
4	I really liked the restaurant and staff. I had the meatball pizza. It was tasty but not spectacular. Crust at edge of pie was good, but center was soggy. Fresh basil was a plus.
5	My girlfriend and I had an amazing pre-show dinner experience here. Things started off great by being able to get a reservation morning of dinner plans. Followed by our wonderful server who was very knowledgeable about the menu items and very helpful by suggesting some of her favorite items. The bus staff was also amazing -- I never seemed to be able to have anything other than a full water glass, and used dishes were promptly removed.At first glance this restaurant seems a bit pricey, but if you realize its a big name restaurant and its in a strip casino, prices aren't out of line. We enjoyed our food, cocktails, and loved the delicious dessert. I will definitely be returning!
5	I've been here twice and both times were amazing. The butternut squash ravioli is great. So is the chicken parmesan. I have tried a few soups, which were very good. The pizza is good but pizza is pizza, and it's not something I really crave at a fancy restaurant.Now, as for the dessert, that was really impressive! I had a chocolate souffle with vanilla bean ice cream- on the house for my birthday! Service is really fantastic here. I have also tried a few other desserts, all of which are delicious.Pricing is very reasonable here too for a celebrity-owned Vegas restaurant. Portions are decent, unlike many other higher-end restaurants.
3	Not bad, but like everything else in Vegas these days: over-priced. I had a pizza, many at my table had the burger. The burger looked quite good. The pizza was fine, but nothing special. Of all the restaurants we ate at in the MGM, we liked the atmosphere here best. It's great for people watching.
2	This was easily the worst meal of our trip.  Decided to come here since it was around ten at night and most other places were closing up, figured it couldn't be that bad since they were busy and its a Wolfgang Puck restaurant, right?  Wrong.Started out with their wings and a "Caesar Salad."  Wings were bland, the dressing that came with them even more so.  To their credit, they tell you the Caesar isn't a proper Caesar salad, but once again, completely bland, cheese not good, disappointing.Not as bad as the Entrees though.  I had the Ricotta Gnocchi with fennel Bolognese.  The Gnocchi themselves were mush, bland, and the sauce definitely did not taste fresh at all.  My brothers Linguini with Clams went basically untouched, and honestly, we're not picky eaters, at all, and it was ten at night in Vegas so of course we'd been drinking.  We told the server we didn't really enjoy the food, and he didn't seem too surprised.  He offered to take something off, but we declined, and just got out of there.With the quantity they do at this restaurant, it seems like the quality has been sacrificed and its all been streamlined.  We'd considered eating at Bouchon that night, and with prices that were pretty comparable we definitely made a mistake.  Extra star for service, but the food is one star at best.
5	On a Saturday night at 7pm, my husband and I were seated right away. We ordered the Butter Lettuce "Caesar Salad", MEATBALL WOOD OVEN PIZZA, and HOUSE MADE SPAGHETTINI PASTA. The salad was fresh. The Humboldt Fog Cheese was too strong for Bryan and I. But it was a good salad.The homemade pasta dish had the simplest ingredients, which were tomatoes, basils, and garlic. It looked so simple that I didn't even take a picture. But the dish was amazing! The pasta was fresh and al dente. The sauce was packed with flavors. I couldn't stop eating. The meatball pizza was another surprise. The first bite was like a party in my mouth, which I didn't expect at all! There were layers of flavors, like the creamy Mozzarella, the sweet tomatoes, the fresh basil, and the tasty meatball. Everything went so well together. My husband loved the pizza absolutely.Even though we were a bit full, I just couldn't pass the dessert. We got the RASPBERRY CHOCOLATE CHIP SOUFFLE. Wow..... It was light, a little tart, and very chocolatey. It was the best souffle ever! That was the perfect sweet ending.Overall, my husband and I were very satisfied. For the two of us, our check was about $65. It wasn't expensive for a famous chef's restaurant! The food was simple. It wasn't some expensive ingredients, but everything was delicious. A simple meal can go a long way if food is cooked right. It was a very memorable meal. I couldn't wait to go back. Maybe we will try the one in Los Angeles!
3	Oh Wolfgang Puck! I went here on a trip to Las Vegas with my friend. The appetizer chicken wings are to die for! YUM YUM YUM!I came here twice so I had the Chicken Milanese which was alright but could've been better and a Seafood linguine that was a bit too peppery for my liking.Go for the chicken wings though, they are great!
5	The best Kobe steak my husband has ever had- period.  It was so delicious I could barely make conversation with him as he focused on eating it.  He let me try a piece and I loved it as well, I think next time I might try a steak here, however I was watching my calories.  The prices here are great too, our meal ended up being under $100, and that's pretty good for a Wolfgang Puck place.  I'd like to dock it a star for average atmosphere but after tasting the food here I can't bare to do it.
2	I was torn about whether to rate this place a 2 or 3 star. This restaurant is not accommodating to food allergies at all. (I don't mean the life or death food allergies but just a simply wheat sensitivity.) They only have 1 entree on the menu that is gluten free and they could not make anything off the menu (ie cook a piece of fish without a sauce.) We were told everything was pre-made. My poor husband had his only choice, the organic roasted chicken, which was good. The waitress talked me into the sausage gnocchi dish and I am sorry I listened to her. She told me they were the only place that did gnocchi the "right way." The dish was incredibly salty and the gnocchi were very over cooked. For all of the hype with this restaurant, we were underwhelmed.
3	***Not as expensive or overpriced as the many celebrity chef restaurants in Las Vegas (though still pricey), Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill is a decent spot that serves satisfying (though not great) food***Despite the many well-known restaurants (especially those backed by celebrity chefs) in Las Vegas, there are not many that are open for lunch.  That is what makes Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill, which is located on the casino floor of the MGM hotel, so convenient.  I believe it is open all day and Wolfgang Puck utilizes better ingredients than a lot of its daytime sit-down competition.Despite its convenience, Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill is just an okay restaurant (not a great one).  Most of the dishes are fine and taste good, but I have yet to have something here (in my 3 visits) that felt noticeably better than the food other good Vegas restaurants put out.Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill sits smack down in the middle of the casino.  It is pretty open to the casino with no big walls.  Maybe it was where we sat or that the casino was not that busy, but the smoke-filled casino did not feel that obtrusive here.  The decor has the look of a bright cafe with light yellow and golden brown colors and nice but casual tables and chairs.We started with the truffled (strong truffle flavor) potato chips, which were topped with a chunky and rich Maytag blue cheese sauce.  The housemade chips were flavorful and seasoned right but unevenly crisp--some were crisp and some were soft (some chips were made even softer / soggier due to the heavy coating of blue cheese).  Overall, it was an okay starter though you may want to steer clear if you are not a fan of blue cheese.We also shared the Chinois Chicken Salad, which was tossed with candied peanuts, crisp wontons and a Chinese mustard vinaigrette.  Overall, it was a flavorful and fresh salad with a good balance of ingredients, but it was not as good as the original Chinois Chicken Salad from Chinois on Main in Santa Monica.  The reason was that the salad was over dressed.  It kind of lost its crispness and it was overdressed in the vinaigrette (too soggy).For my entree, I had the BLT, which included maple glazed pork belly, arugula, vine ripe tomatoes, and avocado on buttered sourdough toast.  The pork belly was sweet and flavorful.  I thought it was going to be braised and soft (and then crispy on the outside); however, the pork belly here lacked that tender texture.  Instead, the pork belly's texture was more dense like thick bacon or lean spare ribs.  It was still good, but I would have preferred a thicker piece of braised (tender) pork belly over the spare rib-like texture here.The lettuce, tomato and avocado were all fine.  Like the potato chips, the sandwich was heavily dressed.  I was not a big fan of the sourdough.  The bread was okay, but it was over-buttered and slightly greasy.  The BLT came with a side of cold vegetable pasta salad, which was a standard cold pasta salad.I tried my friend's kabocha pumpkin tortellini with sage brown butter, toasted hazelnuts and parmesan.  I had a very similar pumpkin tortellini dish at Drago Ristorante in Santa Monica.  The pasta dish at Wolfgang Puck was flavorful and pretty good (probably the best thing we had here).  That being said, I liked Drago's version better because it was lighter, had a more subtle flavor and was less complicated.Service was very good.  The waiter Jeremy was a very nice guy.  He was pleasant and friendly as well as enthusiastic and passionate about the food.  Food came out at a good pace and the staff was attentive.Prices for lunch were okay.  There were several options here that were around $20 or less.  You would pay about the same at some of the Las Vegas cafes, but I imagine you are more likely to walk away satisfied if you spent your money here.Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill has convenient hours and puts out tasty (though not remarkable) food.  I've been here a few times and the restaurant has shown a lot of consistency in delivering (at the very least) decent food.  That is what makes Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill a decent and safe option for lunch in Las Vegas.  The MGM Grand hotel provides complimentary parking (both valet and self-parking via a parking structure).
1	Horrible take on wings. Horrible pairing with blue cheese. So dissatisfied.
4	Oh man this place is good. I tried the prime burger with a onion marmalade. Off the hook. I also tasted the meatloaf and yukon gold mashed potatoes. Hella good. Also the gnocchi was unbelievable.
4	I like this place..The Wolgang Puck Bar and Grill is in the MGM.  Its rather funk and modern with a pretty wide array of cuisine, very likeable....I always am a bit concerned with these multiple celebrity chef restaurants.  After all , Wolfgang Puck cant be everywhereBut he must have a good chef at the namesake bar and grill.  I had the chicken soup, not as good as Grandmas, but darn close.  Since I was not starving, I also had the salad.  It was very likeable with many colors, textures and a very tasty dressingMy friend loved his steak, but then again baste anything in butter and it wil be enjoyable.  I never met Mr Puck, but he must have great standards, partners and processes....because I never have had a bad meal
2	I was so looking forward to trying a Wolfgang Puck Restaurant and I guess I picked the wrong one.  Nothing was wrong, just thought the food would live up to the hype.  Everything I ordered I swear I had the exact dish at another restaurant before.The tuna tartar was "eh, okay".  The sausage pizza: not bad at all.  The seabass was quite tasty.  My hubby's spaghetti and meatballs tasted like any chain restaurants,The bill: about a little over $100.  We only had soda.Yelp, you couldn't have put it any better: Meh.  I've experienced better.
2	Have you ever succumbed to peer pressure only to experience major waves of regret later?  Like that time you didn't want to wing-woman for your girlfriend because you had ill intuitions about the friend of the guy she likes.  This is Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill.  It bears a famous chef's name and lives inside a famous casino, yet is emptier in content than a stripper's conversation after the lap dance.Our out-of-town friends wanted to visit Wolfgang Puck, I hadn't been there for more than a year and had no recollection of what I ate on my last visit, but out-of-town friends often get to make the decisions, so I suffered another forgettable experience at Wolfgang Puck.  We had the Pink Lady Apple & Pear Salad which was okay, if not a little drenched in dressing.  Then after our order of sea bass was rejected because the kitchen didn't get the fish that day, we got the organic chicken.  It was served on top of mashed potatoes, with roasted carrots.  Carrots were undercooked, potatoes and chicken were all right, nothing to make an impression.  Fifty dollars for a meal I would pay around fifteen dollars...  The latter probably would have a more authentic atmosphere, not a generic view of MGM tourists.  This is what's wrong with Vegas, a fraudulent copy to overcompensate for soul-less commercialism.
3	Our party of 4 enjoyed a great lunch. We started with white peach belini's. My pizza with hot peppers was tasty. Service was good.
4	Our friend was staying at MGM this week so we met her for a quick meal here at Wolf Gang Puck.I am giving it a four stars due to the pizza, fries and mac and cheese being wonderful. Would have given it a 5 but our waiter was AWFUL. Guy looked like a complete Bro and totally did not want to be there.
3	While we picking up our tickets for KA, we walked by this place and thought it'll be a great place for a late snack,something light but still have space for dinner. We ordered their pizza, i forgot what it was called but all I can say was that the dough was fresh and very flavorful.
4	Excellent high quality bar and grill with and friendly service in the middle of the MGM Grand casino.. I ate here three times during my stay.. very likable.
4	ate here twice, the first experience was great!came here for lunch and we were seated right away at a booth seat. the place is very romantic and cozy. great ambiance.we asked our waiter what he recommended and he had some very tasty choices. my bf and i decided to share our food. i decided to get their chopped vegetable salad. (and i have never buy a salad because i think its not worth the price, i can get something else for that price which is like around $5.) it has chopped Vegetables/ salad, Feta Cheese, Garlic Croutons, Creamy Greek Dressing. my bf got the pizza with Italian Sausage, Roasted Peppers, Mushrooms, Smoked Ricotta, Onions, Parsley.we waited about 5 - 10 minutes and then my salad came out and few minutes later the pizza came. the salad is like the best salad i have ever had! love the tangy, sour and flavors of the vegetables. the pizza was absolutely bomb! it was flat and was packed with flavor. it was not greasy and i totally love the food here.the second experience was great also... however, the salad did not bring back the same memories of when i first had it... i ate the whole salad the first time and the this time i just ate half of it. the bf had the mussels with sausage in a tomato sauce. the mussels were really good. they give you a good portion. the price is a bit pricey but totally worth it.if im ever in Vegas... i will definitely come and eat here again and again.
4	We ate at Wolfgang puck for lunch. I had wild mushroom ravioli, chicken soup.  Mara G. had the beet salad and the cream of celery soup. The restaurant is wheelchair accessible. How do we know? We saw a man in the motorized scooter drive up into the restaurant, park, get off, and walk to his table. Other than that, the table where we were seated was in full view of the flat screen TV which was showing the nude version of "The Bride of Frankenstein". It was a pretty old movie and the station that aired it had no problem blurring out the boobs etc. Oh, back to my food. The chicken soup was superb. Chock full of chicken, carrots, celery, and potato, the broth was so clear and fresh tasting.  I could have and should have made a lunch out of the soup and roll. The wild mushroom ravioli in parm cream sauce was delicious. And filling. And mushroomy. OMG there was an over-abundance of a plethora of 'shrooms. Enoki, portobella, oyster, button, you name it and it was both in the sauce whole and minced inside the ravioli. I could not eat all of those mushrooms. I had to leave half of them on my plate. I washed it all down with a really great glass of pinot grigio. Fantastic lunch. The space is open and airy. In spite of the fact that slots and blackjack tables are on two sides of the restaurant, its not smoky at all. The decor is all white "laquer" with blond wood and red accents. The restaurant is visually appealing and the food is delicious. I'd go back. I'm a fan!
4	Sweet baby Jehovah. $7 to throw grilled chicken in a $14 salad? If I'd known I would've smuggled some of the stuff in my carry-on bag. I cut through the breast very carefully so as to not damage the freshwater pearl that must have been in there. I never found it.That was my first night in Vegas. It was a wake-up reminder that I wasn't in Austin anymore. But Wolfgang's is the only sit-down place open after 10:30pm in the MGM. This means 2 subsequent visits, each more stellar than the first. Both exercised my economic know-how.Visit 2: mussels with frittes. Yummmm. Huge serving, enough to share. But saying the word "share" is saying "charge me an extra $4.50 because I don't know what else to do with that money." Dumb. As the words were coming out of the boy's mouth, I knew we were toast. .. toast wedges came with the mussels... Hold on while I yummmm again.Visit 3: we were golden. Linguine with clams for him, spinach side for me. Also known as: we SHARE both of those, in fact combining them for a delicious dish. They should include spinach in the linguine by default; it's all too pale otherwise. At $6 a spinach side, it was a way better deal than getting charged for sharing. And that's how you work the system, kids. Don't let them take you down. You wont win Vegas - you wont take my house, my money or my honey from under me. I'm from Jersey.
4	holy crap this place is good.  quick, simple, good.  kinda on the pricy side but hey, a quesadilla at baja fresh will run you 12 bux.got the reuben.  it was damn good.the potato salad was damn good as well.the water was my favorite part.....
4	My sister and I went here for lunch. We shared an order of the homemade potato chips that were slathered in sauce and cheese. They were amazing. I guess we should have considered having pizza, but we went for the pulled pork sandwiches instead, which were also excellent. I did feel a bit conspicuous as the restaurant is totally open to the casino around it, and the air quality wasn't fabulous as a result. But the waitstaff was great, and overall it was a really tasty meal.
5	The five stars above are for 2 things: the appetizer chicken wings and the kobe burger. Holy. Moly. Beyond delicious, BEYOND! Haha, but in all seriousness the chicken wings are perfect. A delicious sauce and slight crunch, yet perfectly tender. I've been scarred for life - all other chicken wings pale in comparison.Now, the Kobe burger...it's like butta. Juicy, tasty, mouthwatering good. It's not very big, but it so filling. The boy and I always have to split it in two. The last time I was there I also got the pumpkin ravioli...I think.... Well, obviously it was forgettable and not amazing. I do recall it being good, but it might as well have tasted like cardboard alongside the wings and burger.I would like to say that the last time we were here the service was lacking to say the least. It wasn't particularly crowded at that time yet our server was nowhere to be found for a good 5+ minutes. Hello?! Maybe they were understaffed because I looked around and another group that had been seated nearby also had confused looks on their faces and no water or utensils in front of them. So, that's my two-cents. Enjoy, Yelper's!
4	Wow. The tuna tartar was amazing. Pizza choices were new and refreshing. The calamari was cooked to perfection. I would definitely eat there again.
4	Food was good but VERY pricey!!
5	Best meal of the weekend and it was lunch!!!Service was excellent.The potato chips with truffle oil and blue cheese were so delicious!!Burger was juicy and flavorful. The juice was actually running down my hand. The pickles were homemade. I stole a little horseradish aoli from my cousin and it was very good with my burger. Ceaser salad was very fresh. Potato salad was very good. I heard the roast beef panini was very tasty.We were all happily full and I and my cousin still half our orders left for later.I've been to Spago before and after this experience I have to say I'm pretty impressed with Wolfgang Puck's restaurants.
5	MMM! Their red snapper special incorporates delicious elements and is paired well with their potato puree. We go here when we want a casual but guaranteed satisfactory experience. The prices are reasonable and it is situated on the floor of the MGM casino so there is always plenty to see. They have a honey lemonade that makes for a great cocktail when ordered with grey goose.Pros: Food, price, beveragesCons: Since it is on the casino floor, it lacks intimacy.
4	Hubby and I stopped in after seeing a show last night, I ordered the Tomato pizza, i loved the sauce and fresh mozzarella and basil YUM!!!Husband ordered the meatball pizza, it was very yummy as well, good flavor combination (we ended up trading due to his food allergies didn't see it had red peppers on it before we ordered) the pizza had a bit of after kick to it but very delish!to top off dinner we shared the chocolate beignets (about the size of donut holes) they came out hot from the fryer with vanilla bean ice cream and carmel sauce, sooooo very YUMI look forward to coming back to try other menu itemsover all 2 huge pizza's, a coffee and dessert $48 not too bad for being on the Strip
4	Loved the fresh and healthy ingredients at this well known Wolfgang joint! Try the chopped vegetable salad! Wonderfully refreshing and healthy after a day spent basking in the HOT Vegas sun. My other 4 friends all ordered the chicken salad sandwich on cherry nut bread.  They loved it!Top notch service, yummy ingredients and super delicious meals. Only complaint is it's more expensive than it needs to be, but most places in Vegas are...
4	Good Food, simple menu.  Super fast service.  Open late night is a plus.  I have
4	loved the freshness and cleanness of the place!! servers were very nice!! and they recommended couple dishes for us!!! got this really good almond champagne mmhmm!!
4	Wolfgang Puck's dishes are tasty. Maine crabcakes, calamari, meatloaf, and salmon are fresh and flavorful. The calamari is very meaty and the salmon piece was very large. Topped with mushrooms, salad, and potatoes.The crabcakes are small and comes in four. Costly for the price, but one of the best orders.Service was alright. Only had someone check up on me once. The most responsive were the ones who took our plates away.
2	we had the crabcakes to start but they were pretty bland and nothing special. i got the spaghetti and meatballs (only it was the spaghettini, which is a flat noodle). its a pretty expensive dish for what it is. i mean, the meatballs are juicy but the tomatoes tasted like they were stewed from a can. i dunno, i guess the wolfgang puck name set my expectations too high. our server was lame. if it wasnt for the busboy, we wouldnt have had any service. he was the one who kept refilling our drinks. the only thing our server did was take the order and give us the check. if you must go, make reservations online before you head out.
4	Great sandwiches! In our quest for something good to eat while out of town, I decided on Wolfgang Puck's Bar and Grill. We headed on down to the MGM and walked around for a while before finding it. It was a Friday just before noon, so it was a little early, and we were seated right away. We took one look at the menu and both knew exactly what we were having. I started with a Raspberry Lemon Drop martini and he started with a Coors Light. I got a Cuban Sandwich and my dining companion got a Roast Beef Panini. Both came with homemade potato chips. The atmosphere was comfortable and casual, yet very appealing and not loud for being in the middle of the casino. The food came rather quickly, just as the place was starting to fill up. The sandwiches were great! My Cuban had the right amount of everything, including pickles on the side so I could add more. I typically do not care for homemade potato chips - apparently these were the exception. Dining companion really enjoyed his roast beef. The arugula was a nice touch to the sandwich. Overall a great meal. I would go back without hesitation. In and out in under an hour. The food great, the service spot on without being annoying and the price fair at $50 for everything plus tip.
4	Girls' Night Out at Wolfgang Puck at MGM.  This was my first time here, or at any of Wolfie's restaurants, for that matter.  I loosened up with a nice Prosecco.  The four of us shared three entrees:  the mushroom and leek pizza, the Chinoise salad, and a huge chicken schnitzel.  Before the food arrived, we munched on the fabulous bread, and I could have filled up on that.  But I'm glad I didn't.The salad wasn't my choice, and I wasn't expecting to like it; I don't like to lard it up my salads with fried wonton strips, and the candied part of the peanuts wasn't enticing.  I like my peanuts straight, thank you.  The dressing was described as having a Chinese mustard base, which I always skip.  But, voila, it all worked, and it was fantastic - I wished the portion had been larger.  But the size of the schnitzel more than made up for it:  it was huge, freshly fried, hot, and not dried out, and covered with an arugula salad with cherry tomatoes that topped it to perfection.  Five stars on both of them.The pizza, which brought ol' Wolfgang his fame, was a disappointment.  Oh, the topping was wonderful: plenty of dark, earthy mushrooms and a terrific taglio-something cheese.  But the crust wasn't baked enough.  We sent it back, and its replacement was baked a bit more, but it was still droopy and missing something.  Then I realized that the texture was completely different from the hardened semolina wheat I trained my chops on in a lifetime in New York.  This pizza crust could never rival that, no matter how long it was in the oven.  The wheat is just too soft.Service was excellent, from the waiter, manager, and busboy.  Before check time came, I asked about the 20% discount offered to locals that I had read about just recently.  The waiter said they didn't offer it.  He sent the manager over without us asking, who repeated that it wasn't an option, but that they do offer locals a free dessert for every two people.  So who'd pass on dessert, even though we really didn't want it.  (Well, my FRIENDS didn't want it, but I have no will power).  We ordered the Valrona chocolate torte, and ice cream with berries in a crispy shell.  It took all of my strength to leave a bit of that chocolate cake on the plate and waddle out of the restaurant.The highlight was when my friend surprised us and paid the bill with her points.  That was an even better dessert!!!
3	Tried to make a reservation online through Yelp, but it said there were no reservations available between 7 and 8 pm. I called the place and had no trouble at all getting a reservation for 7 people at the time I wanted.This place is in a high traffic part of the casino so it's also really loud, which was intensified by an obvious bachelorette party seated next to us, lol. The service was less than stellar and I had to ask for bread 3 times, when it seemed to constantly be coming out to all the other tables automatically. Three of us at the table ordered this fancy-sounding Pink Lady Apple & D'Anjou Pear Salad. The presentation was nice and it tasted pretty good. Not the cheapest food but not terribly overpriced.
4	Great food.  We had 4 different choices.  Mostly salads and a pizza.  All of it was delicious.  We did not have multi-course meal.  I would go again.
4	A little nervous about finding dinner on the Las Vegas strip.  Used Yelp and found this close to our hotel at a reasonable price.  Cool feature was a link to make a reservation using opentable.  We got in on an hour's notice and we watched the place fill up after we were seated.  Food lived up to the reviews and didn't hurt Wolfgang's reputation.  On a quiet side of the casino which was a relief.
5	The CHINOIS CHICKEN Salad is the best salad on planet Earth. Period.
5	Went here for lunch. We had the BBQ chicken pizza, the sausage pizza, and a turkey club. Everything was great. The service was impressive. My water glass was always full and the waiter was attentive. At the end, the waiter got a little busy and was not always there but over all everything was good.
3	The food was great. The "Caesar" salad with Bibb Lettuce was an excellent concept perfectly executed.  The Gnocchi was so good it made up for the gluey mess I had at an Italian restaurant in Miami a couple of weeks ago. BUT... even though this is reasonable fair by Casino standards it is still too expensive for the indifferent service we received. Drinks took forever... I was halfway through my salad. The waiter managed to ignore us even though we were seated right next his computer station!
4	We decided to grab some eats before a UFC event, and since we saw this place on our way to the Grand Arena we decided to give it a shot.Our server recommended the truffled potato chips, with maytag blue cheese sauce for an appetizer. Amazing.I went with the BLT - maple glazed pork belly, arugula, vine ripe tomatoes, avocado, and grilled vegetable pasta salad. Every ingredient worked well together, but the pork belly really stood out. Too bad I was too full to finish the whole sandwich. You could definitely split it with someone, as it does come with a pasta salad.Great service here as well. That's 2 for 2 so far, Wolfgang...
4	We hosted our wedding reception here in October 2010 and it was amazing.  The food was excellent, the space was gorgeous, the staff excellent.  The first course was a chopped vegetable salad, and for the entree our guests had the choice of the chicken or steak.  Our guests are still telling me how delicious everything was.  We got our cake through them also for a very low fee and it was divine (2 layers, one was chocolate genoise/tiramisu, the other was white sponge/white chocolate mousse with berries).  Our host was wonderful and attentive--I met him the day before when I dropped off the cake server, champagne glasses, cake toppers, and placecards.  We chatted for about 20 minutes the day before about why we had chosen Vegas to get married and that sort of thing--on the day of, he was super sweet and he made sure everyone was taken care of completely.  Our party was in the small private room, with the wine cabinet against one wall, and it was very nice.The only reason they don't get 5 stars was due to a mixup with how the cake was to be paid (I'd faxed the info in about 6 weeks prior and I have no idea what happened to it).  They were less responsive over email than I would have preferred but it all worked out in the end.  It was better than I could have imagined.
5	This review is purely for the service I received trying to book a group dinner (had to cancel at the last moment). I worked with the manager Bruce and he was so nice, responsive and accommodating. Everyone else I spoke with at the restaurant was also great. I had a horrible experience trying to book another dinner for that same weekend where a restaurant was requiring a sign a contract and put down a deposit for a group of 16 and was pushing me around from person to person. I thought that was ridiculous, but Vegas requires weird things like paying for the first night of your hotel in advance, so I thought maybe this was another Vegas thing. Then I reached out to Wolfgang Puck's and got a completely different experience. The staff here is wonderful!
4	Love the roast beef panini. The cheese on it is great. It's an order several times item.The chicken salad is good for when I am trying to be good.I am totally in love with the iced tea.
4	Very good, well prepared food. I always stop there for lunch !!
4	I am a big fan of the pizza's.  I've been eating at the Wolfgang Express restaurants and am a fan of those pizzas.  So when I saw that they had wood oven pizzas I just had to try them.  These are way better than the ones I have been eating and only $5 more.I came here twice the when I was in Vegas.  It was very convenient since I was staying at MGM.  The passion fruit mojito was really good (it was part of the reason I wanted to go back a second time ;) ).The BBQ chicken pizza was really good, the sauce was sweet and tangy, the peppers had a little kick and the crust was perfect.  The Italian Sausage pizza was good as well and more of just a traditional pizza.  My wife enjoyed the meat loaf and the soup of the day (which was a chicken tortilla soup).Overall, good prices, good drinks and good food.  I'm a fan.
4	I was saddened by the sudden closure of the Wolfgang Puck restaurant within the Macy's downtown in San Francisco. For the last 10 years, I have shared wonderful delicious meals with both my family and my girlfriend by enjoying the soft tender delicious chicken, the flavorful fettucini alfredo, and of course the crispy, tasty French fries that cannot be overlooked.When I saw the sign of this restaurant at the early hours of 2AM in Vegas, I at first thought to myself, I must be drunk, this place cannot possibly exist here and be open at this time. Well on this Thursday night/Friday morning at 2AM, Wolfgang Puck was open for business! Me and my girlfriend were quickly seated at one of the tables with a several people around the restaurant enjoying a late snack. Unlike my previous experiences with Wolfgang Puck, this menu they provided was much fancier and lacking my usual orders. Seeing a to the complexity of the menu and not knowing what each selection contained, we played it safe and ordered a regular cheese pizza. Despite my ailing tummy and pulsating, painful headache, I managed to enjoy one slice of pizza. In the moment that I could taste the slice, it provoked thoughts about the good old Wolfgang Puck days in SF. I wish I could have had more pizza, but my body denied it. It was a nice to taste once again was Wolfgang puck meals were like and sad to see how this economic downturn we are still consenting has ruined places such as Wolfgang Puck.The service was good, the single slice of cheese I had was great, and my hope for a new Wolfgang Puck in SF remains.
4	Stopped here before attending a fight in the MGM Grand Garden Arena. This place has lower prices and is open more hours than most of the other celebrity chef places. I sat at the bar and had a beer and the crab cake appetizer. It included 4 small crab cakes which were awesome. I followed that with some sort of Pita, not wanting to break the bank with a larger entree in addition to the appetizer, and the pita was pretty good. You can tell that the prices, hours, service, and quality of this place are popular with semi-regulars to the strip, as the people at the bar sitting next to me included a camera man for the fights and two other guys who were there with the press or a sponsor, so this is the sort of high end working mans gourmet dining option of choice. The atmosphere, service, and value were great and the hours make this an excellent place to stop for a lunch or late late lunch before attending an event or while taking a break from a meeting or conference.
4	Loved the grilled salmon with corn puree and spinach, hubby had the steak...the passionfruit mojito is amazing...All in all a great experience...
5	This place is the perfect middle ground between classy and casual dining.  And I know what you're thinking, wouldn't it be better to have it one way or another?  I always thought so, but this place changed my mind.It's located right on the casino floor so you get the feel of being right there in the mix (the casual).  And yet the service, menu selection, and presentation is on such a high level (the classy).  It's a perfect place to eat before going out at night.  It's high quality food served in an timely manner.  I was just there with some friends and we ordered a wide variety of dishes.  They were all so good we ended up sharing a lot with one another.  I had the pork chop, which was fantastic, and I was able to try the meatloaf and the burger, both were amazing.  And then there was this ridiculous appetizer, the truffled potato chips, it's a must!
4	Its the ONLY option open at 1am on a Sunday night.  Walked around a couple hotels trying to find food, and NOTHING was open.  We walked into MGM and found Wolfie and gave it a try....pretty good.  Paula took great care of us, and was the ONLY person on my trip to Vegas this time, that made any connection.  Me and my 2 friends shared the mussles, linguine w/clams, prosciutto pizza and a bottle of Wolfie's cheap $30 cab.....not bad.  The best was their pear/apple salad...amazing.Paula brought a chocolate pudding dessert for my friends b-day....off the charts.  Thanks again Paula !!!
5	WOW, simply put, this was one of the best meals I've ever had.  I had the pan seared salmon.  The salmon itself was excellent, very juicy and perfectly seared.  But the surprising part was the garnishes... there was some kind of garlic butter spinach on top, and the plate was lined with a pesto sauce (can't remember what kind).  The tastiest part of the meal, however, (besides the salmon) was the creamed white corn that the salmon rested upon.  I've never liked creamed corn (from the can) but this was VERY good.  It had the consistency of Cream of Wheat, and not the nasty, slimy creamed corn you used to eat as a kid.Great, great food... I will definitely go back, I'd like to try one of their steaks next time I go.
4	My wife takes me to see KA at the MGM once a year and we always eat here beforehand.  The food is great and the homemade cookie dessert we always take togo and eat it in the show.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it,
5	Mushroom pizza = AMAZING!!!! The margarita pizza and tomato soup were also very good. The floor of the restaurant was a little slippery; i almost ate it. Might want to lay off the wax, guys.
4	Good spot for a bar snack. Mushroom leek pizza was stellar, and bartenders very friendly.
4	Attentive service, clean location, comfy/relaxing ambiance, nice decor & an open view to the casino. My gfs & I had a great lunch experience here.  The server had our even splitted our entrees for us :) ~*~Pink Lady Apple & D'Anjou Pear Salad, Blue Cheese, Golden      Raisins, Fennel, Sherry Vinaigrette       - - This salad was absolutely DEEELICIOUS!! I have to say in my             years of salad eating this is seriously the BEST salad!~*~ Butter Lettuce "Caesar Salad", Humboldt Fog Cheese, Garlic       Croutons, White Anchovies        - - My gf loved her salad. It definitely was good but I say mine was            much yummier~*~ Marinated Leg of Lamb, Tomato, Shaved Fennel, Cilantro-Mint Raita,        House Made Pita, Couscous         - - The lamb was cooked just right & was a pretty darn good pita! ~*~ Sangria        - - was ok & too much ice/fruitsO.M.G.!  This place serves Banoffee pie!! arghhh~!  Such a shame I didn't know & didn't try it. Found out when I returned to cali & checked out the menu again. Grrr... =P   The 1st I had this DEEELICIOUS dessert was in UK & never did I find it here in being served in Cali. Besides Eton Mess (another yummy English dessert) it is my all time favorite sweets to eat! I'll have to come back here to have me some of that banofee pie!!  Oooh & must try their Raspberry Chocolate Chip Souffle - sounds sooo yummie~ :D
5	Located on main floor of MGM Grand in Vegas.  My spouse, son and I were too tired to leave the hotel/casino, so choose to eat here.. casual dress, easy access.Wow, we ended up being impressed.  Nice menu, great choices, and prices reasonable.To start, we ordered the Pink Lady Apple- Pear- shaved Fennel- Raisin-Shropshire cheese- sherry vinaigrette salad.   It was EXCEPTIONAL!  Fabulous....   it was such a generous size that even with sharing it, we each had a very large portion.  We loved it.  I hope I can duplicate it at home, it was soooooo good.My son had a designer wood-fired oven pizza and declared it the best he ever had. (I think it was the Margherita, can't recall for sure).  Also the crab cakes.. yum.  Really good, not full of filler, just nice crab!My spouse had handmade gnocchi, and I had spaghetti and meatballs.  Both excellent.... loved it.  The meatballs melted in my mouth, sauce was perfect.Great service.  Nice casual atmosphere (not "flip flop sloppy" casual, but you dont need to go to too much trouble).  Convenient to MGM guests.  Wonderful place to eat!   And the price was not so bad compared to many of the other restaurants in the MGM and along the Strip.  Reasonable and very very good!
4	I knew after glancing at this menu we were in for a good lunch. My Husband and I just so happen to stop at this restaurant for a quick bite to eat in between hotel wandering in Vegas. It was just what the doctor ordered for a nice lunch in a chaotic casino. There were so many good looking sandwiches on this menu, we had a hard time deciding on one to try, but settled on the pork belly BLT and split the special tomato soup. Both were great, but man oh man, that BLT was to DIE for. It was so simple, but each part was done so well it blew us away. A must get for sure! The tomato soup was good too, made a bit too acidic for me, but still good. The cheese sandwich that came with it had goat cheese, which I love and it was great for dipping. The service here was great and next time I'm in Vegas I look forward to coming here for dinner, as I see based on the yelp reviews that is fabulous as well.
4	Soup and salad $25... Worth every penny. I would do it again in a heartbeat. Reason... the flavors were spot on. I enjoyed both dishes more and more with each bite. Chicken soup and Butter lettuce Caesar's salad simple but I liked the attention to detail. Lettuce was very fresh (I grow my own, so I appreciate this). Very simple but the flavors were very well balanced. Chicken soup, again very simple but very well balanced. Chicken, had very nice flavor - brined?Wife had fish and chips. She loved it.Fries were crispy, just the way she liked it. Fish was fresh, batter very light and crispy. Funny, fish reminded me of deep fried dish In some fish tacos I had down at a SHACK down in Baja. Both are are excellent, except the one in Baja were $1 a piece. You don't have to pay top dollar to get good food.Service, excellent. They were all attentive and friendly.Overall a great time. We will be back.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------We were back for a second meal... This one dropped on all counts. Pear and Apple salad was too vinegary and overdressed. Why do people like so much dressing on their salad? My mistake to not ask for the dressing on the side - thought they would respect the freshness of the produce and dress it properly.Pizza was good, but was only okay for $15. Reminded me of CPK.Service was good but not very friendly.5 stars for the first visit, 3 for the second. 4 stars overall
5	MGM Grand truly has the best restaurants!!We dropped in for lunch last week and had a spectacular meal.  Husband had the Reuben, which I normally hate but had a bite of and thought it was incredible, and I had the Wild Mushroom pizza, which was beyond good.  We sat at the bar, and while we find the bar tends to offer quicker service because there isn't a waiter running around, we ordered within 3 minutes of seating and had STRONG drinks in hand within 5.  (We behaved all trip, but after two drinks, this was the first real buzz I had all week.)Fantastic food.  Strong drinks.  Excellent service.  Between Wolfgang's, Emeril's and other places, the MGM is THE place to go for the best food.
3	Good. Watch out for GIANT portions. If you have an app - split an entree. Unless you're starving. Service was decent. By that I mean - our server was wonderful, but the hostess that made the rez was m-yeh. I tried the chips w bleu cheese (good if a bit greasy), he had the tuna tartare (overpowered by the sesame chip, but fun to eat).He had the bbq chicken pizza, I had the crispy chicken milanese. The pizza was a surprising combo, it was good, but it did get slightly soggy, too much sauce maybe? I loved the salad that came with mine it was wonderful, if a bit over dressed. Arugula, spinach, various baby tomatoes (heirloom?), and parmesan. The chicken was good but a little salty, and though our waitress said she loved the sauce it wasn't my fav, which is fine, there was a bit of lemon to squeeze over the chicken, it worked. And - I had to leave a whole piece of chicken. Too much food, and when you have a thing about food going to waste...
4	I'm a fan of any food that comes out of Wolfgang Puck's kitchen, but the one dish I dream about is the Banofee Cream Pie. OMG, it's to die for!!! Sugar dough crust and banana cream custard topped with burleed bananas. It doesn't get any better than that. Totally worth the $8.
5	Taking a little break (from losing), my wife and I wanted something quick and light so we ran into Wolfgang Puck's place.We split a Caesar salad and a BBQ chicken pizza. The pizza was good but I have to give massive props to the Caesar salad - which was superb - probably the best Caesar I've ever had. Ever. The dressing was amazing, light and the whole thing was covered with these little crispy things (aged parmesan and toasted crostini maybe?) Delicious. Would go back just for the salad.The food was tasty, prices reasonable (pizza and salad $27), and the service was fast. So I could get back to losing.
3	It was close to 10pm midweek in Vegas and we were both starving and desperately needing something for dinner. We walked past this restaurant and decided to give it a shot. The decor was beautiful and from the moment we walked in the service was superb. Looking at the menu I was excited to try a number of things. I settled on their house sangria, bbq chicken pizza and the blue cheese truffle chips. As soon as J heard that red snapper was the fish special of the day he knew he had to order it. We were both really impressed with the truffle chips, they melted in my mouth and I could have made an entire meal out of them. When we got our entrees I dug into the bbq chicken pizza which was good but nothing outstanding. J's excitement about the red snapper quickly faded when he realized it was completely raw on the inside. We notified the server and he quickly whisked it away to get a new piece of fish cooked. About 15 minutes later he came back with another piece of fish and had J cut into it while he was standing there and sure enough the fish was raw again. Another 15 minutes later he came back out and the fish was no longer raw (yay) but as J was eating it he didn't have much to say except for the fact that it was now so overcooked that it was dry and had lost most of the flavor. By this time it was late, he was hungry and didn't want to wait for yet another piece of fish so he still ate it. A few minutes after finishing our entrees we got a surprise from our server who brought us coffee and a phenomenal chocolate souffle on the house due to the errors with the fish. It was a really nice touch by our server because he truly did seem frustrated for us with how messed up the fish kept being. I want to try this place again next time we are in Vegas because the service was top notch, but hopefully the food will be more consistent next time
4	Cheese pizza.Cheese pizza.Cheese cheese cheese pizza.Eat it; it's so good.The salads are also excellent, but the star is the plain cheese pizza pie.
4	The husband and I have had two lunches during our weeklong trip so my rating comes with that menu in mind.  Service both times was awesome (Jeremy- you rock and we can't wait to get divorced and re-married at your drive through chapel!). Easy to substitute sides with the sandwiches if you desire.  We had onion rings instead of a salad (cause we are on a health food kick) with the club sandwich.  Onion rings were crispy and not oily.  Sandwich had a nice aoli.  BBQ pizza freaking rocked (another choice made with our healthy diets in mind).  Fries were skinny and crispy which is my favorite!The lamb wrap was a little heavy and I would skip next time around.  Might have been nice with a tzatziki sauce.  Also, price of soda was a little steep-4.50. I was glad I opted for an alcoholic beverage instead as it was probably a better value.For lunch, this is a great option.  We will return.
4	We were seated right away and our server was attentive and friendly. I was going to order the Ginger lime iced tea but I forgot. But I did remember to order the Truffled Potato Chips with Maytag Blue Cheese Sauce. :) It was good, but I wouldn't say delicious. The chips were freshly made, but a little to hard for my taste and the sauce was creamy but didn't have enough of a blue cheese kick. I also wish the sauce wasn't drizzled on but as a dip because if you didn't eat it fast enough it becomes sloggy chips.  Our friends had the cheese pizza which they said was delicious. We had also ordered the Ricotta Gnocchi, Sweet Fennel Sausage Bolognese. It was good especially the sausage bolognese, I just wished there was more of it on the plate. The gnocchi was good but after having a couple it became too heavy for me. Then we also had the Grilled Prime Burger, Vermont Cheddar, Smoked Onion Marmalade, which was a good hamburger, but nothing special. The decor of this place is pretty cool and you do feel like you are in the middle of the gambling action even though you are eating. I would love to go back and try their desserts and some other dishes.
3	Five of us dined, one of us received undercooked pasta and had to wait until everyone else had finished their dinner to receive theirs. Overall the food was delicious but not on my list to return to anytime soon.
5	Decided to eat here after an intense shopping trip up and down the strip. Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!Decent prices, good food. We took ours to go, since we wanted to chill in our room and get comfy while eating. Ordered the roast beef sandwich, which apparently the couple next to us was eating (and when they heard what we ordered, they said it was a good choice). It's always nice to know if the food is good!Portions are big! And I hope they were, because the prices were a little bit on the higher side! The roast beef sandwich tasted really good! Delicious meat, loved the horseradish spread, which wasn't too strong, and the  bread was just the right amount of crunchy. Chips were hand made, and were a little bit underseasoned, but easily fixed with a sprinkle of salt and pepper. Definitely prefer underseasoned chips/fries to overseasoned, since that is a very easy fix. Seriously, that sandwich was so good and filling, we had to take a nap right after eating.
4	Ate here twice while staying at the MGM Grand hotel.  Very delicious food, with a unique and convenient location/atmosphere.  The homemade pizzas and the steak/chicken were amazing.
4	I am indeed a fan, initially i wasn't to excited about eating here..as i had Pizza and sandwiches the day before.. and never been much of a fan of Wolf from past experiences. but since we did hit the black jack table straight from our beds. After an hour or 2 of playing we were way too lazy to walk around in search for food to fill our tummies. Wolf Gang was conveniently located right in front of our black jack table, so we settled. service was really great, mainly from the bus boys around that filled up our waters, and proceeded to asked if we needed anything else, The love wasn't well recieved from our Waitress, She didn't fill up our waters and her gestures just seemed forced. Though she did suggest the Ravioli truffle mushroom..and that was OMG, just delish! So i guess that made up for lack of qualified service. My friends each their own, enjoyed the pizzas and the calamaris! good job wolf! I am glad I settled .
2	What the crack. No.Food was not only unmemorable, but ridiculously priced and not delicious at all.I am not sure why we wasted our money and time here when there are so many better Las Vegan restaurants here.Be gone!
4	Dined for lunch yesterday with my husband and mother in law.  We shared the chinoise chinese chicken salad to start while she had the caeser.  Our salad was really tasty. Roasted peanuts and shredded chicken all chopped into fork size combinable bites.  It needed salt, but otherwise, quite good.  The caeser is legit.  It comes with anchovies thick , rich, creamy dressing, and parmesan.  The bread basket is very nice too, three choices, foccacia, french and a raisin served with softened whipped butter.  Thank you WP, I absolutely hat e it when my butter is cold and rips my bread.Next we shared thje pork belly BLT and the sweet corn ravioli.  The BLT was good but didn't knock my socks off.  The portion was large; the sandwick was served with a big bowl of flavorful pasta slad.  The pork belly was delicious, of course.  I was dissapointed in the caliber of tomato on the sandwich.  It was a cheap snotty slice expected form a fast food burger.  The ravioli was pure bliss.  Sweet corn puree delicately placed in between fresh pasta, and topped with shaved truffles, shaved parmesan and bitty buttery mushrooms.  Whoa! So good.  MIL had a salmon burger on special and it quickly dissapeared, must have been good.We finished with a latte and the choclate beigneits with caramel sauce and vanilla ice cream.  They were essentialy molten doughnut holes with an enjoyable bittersweet flavor.  My latte was perfection.  I was surprised when our bill was only $90.  Seemed reasonable to me for three people with three courses in the MGM for lunch.  I even had food to take home.  This is proabaly my 5th time dining here at WP and they really do a nice job.  Service was good, we ended up getting everything we needed.  A bit slow, especially for the level of business, but we weren't in a a hurry.
3	This is a solid spot for decent food that won't kill your wallet. And, they are open until the wee hours, which made my friend and I very happy at approximately 3am on Saturday. We ordered the calamari, which was super tender and delish, served with a pesto cream sauce and a little salad. The meatball pizza was also quite tasty. I returned today to get some soup to-go since I have a nasty cold, and the service at the bar left a lot to be desired. The bartender only cared about the people who were eating at the bar and ordering drinks. I saw my order sitting on the counter, unnoticed by this guy for several minutes, and grew more and more annoyed. Finally, I asked the barback to grab the bag for me and off I went, a little pissed that I had bothered to tip the bartender at all.
4	A great pre-fix lunchThe zucchini soup was wonderful and the Salmon was perfect
3	Was looking for a place to get a gourmet sandwich and a beer.  I guess you can't really go wrong in anywhere in Vegas except for the prices.  I enjoyed my roast beef sandwich:  My sandwich was: Roast Beef Panini, Sourdough Baguette, Horseradish Aioli, Watercress, Smoked Gouda, Hand Cut Potato Chips. My wife ordered the Chicken Salad Sandwich, Cherry-Pecan Bread, Alfalfa Sprouts, Mixed Organic Lettuces and thought it was amazing.
5	Best 24 hour restaurant in Vegas. Gourmet meal at any time , I love wolfgang pucks classic to modern twist on food!
5	Excellent service.I ordered the Steamed black mussels with chorizo (a type of sausage). The serving size was HUUUGE! So many delicious mussels in a tomatoey soup that goes perfectly with the mussles. It comes with a side of fries which are also bombbb, although I was so stuffed from the mussels alone, I barely ate 1/4 of the fries :(Also got to taste the Grilled Flat Iron steak..... sooooo goood. How could anyone say no to delicious steak?
5	I think this is a great lunch spot. I recommend the chips with the blue cheese sauce and the gin cocktail with the rosemary syrup. The heirloom tomato small plate was in good form this summer, but I'm not sure if that's always available.The prices here are fairly decent for Vegas and it's a casual spot with a nice view of the casino for people watching.
4	Great service - open fairly late! We had some delicious rosemary foccacia bread then a nice 1/2 Caesar salad (which is way too big on its own as a side salad- so half was definitely the way to go). Finally I had the wild mushroom agnolotti - which was cooked perfectly. Out of all the restaurants we went to this served up the best value for our money and  by far the best Italian we ate on the trip.
4	These are my top 5 favorite things about this restaurant:1.  They are open from 11:30 a.m. until LATE into the night (I think they close at 6 a.m. in fact), so if you're looking for a classic lunch, a great dinner, a post-midnight snack or a very early breakfast, this is your place (they actually serve breakfast items from 11 p.m. onward).2.  Location, location, location.  They're right in the center of the MGM next to the Ka (Cirque du Soleil) theater and easily accessible from everywhere.3.  On their lunch menu they have an amazing BLT which I often get without the "B "(thereby making it vegetarian-friendly).  It's awesome with or without the meat (maple glazed pork belly) thanks to the wonderful combo of guacamole, arugula, and tomato on grilled sourdough.  I would also suggest getting their delicious onion rings on the side instead of the pasta salad. 4.  The Chinois salad - with or without chicken - is a Wolfgang classic and a consistently great dish.  I believe it's available on every menu (lunch, dinner and late night).5.  The service is always friendly and prompt.Some other items that deserve a mention: tuna tartare, corn chowder (when available), and pretzel bread.My only criticism is that the desserts always seem off - we've tried the pies on multiple occasions and they consistently have that "refrigerator" flavor.  But overall, I love this place and highly recommend it.
5	I came here for a quick lunch after a long afternoon. I sat at the bar and ordered a mushroom, pesto and leek pizza which was fabulous. So was the bread. The service was good and atmosphere was fun with a view of the MGM floor.
4	We stopped by Wolfgang after walking out of another place.  We were glad we chooses Wolfgang.  Great service, excellent food.  Good call before the show we were going to see later that night
1	Came to eat here around 1am with my girlfriends. I didn't receive my food till about 10 minutes after my friends got their food. And then didn't receive my fries until 5 mintues after that. I also ordered the tomato bisque soup, and they forgot about it! I told the manager that my fries were very cold and about my service and he started to ARGUE back with me! HA! Wooorst service ever, the manager was a total dbag. Sorry wolfgang, but you need new management at this location. Oh and btw the tomato bisque tasted like carrot soup! :X
2	Definitely the low of Vegas culinary experience.  Service was mediocre and the waiter was not very helpful, except raving about the liver being the best ever.Highlight - ahi tuna appetizer.  The worst turned out to be the liver and the mac n' cheese.  My friends salads were just alright.Very disappointed.
5	This place is AMAZING!!!  We first had the crab cakes and they were delicious... My meal was the organic chicken and it was delicious. The serving amount was a lot for me, but it was great. The skin was crispy and had a great flavor to it. The potatoes and vegetables were cooked great.... I really enjoyed this dish and asked the waiter how the Chef makes this perfect chicken dish. I would def go back for that dish again.
4	We just had dinner at Wolfgang Puck's last night and thought their pizza's were outstanding.  Thin crust, great flavors, had both an italian sausage pizza and cheese pizza.  We started with the potato chips drizzled with truffle oil and sprikled with cheese, these are not to be missed it you try this place.zzbird
2	I came here as a kid once and remember not being impressed but as an adult Wolfgang Puck holds some meaning since he is a world renowned chef. Unfortunately it was another negative for me. The shisito peppers were good but there were more mushrooms than peppers in the app. The pizza was dry and terrible. I ate almost none of it. The group I was with got more traditional pizza and seemed to like it although my mother's crab cakes were almost miniature in size and that was strange. Pizza-wise... It seemed like there was a lot of food but not a lot of quality. It was blah in flavor and dry in texture. Sorry WP I am unimpressed again.
5	This was amazing. The food was incredible and I had one of the best lemon drop martinis I have ever had. My friend and I went here before going to the Cirque du Sole show right across from it and I could not have been happier with the service. Our waitress was so nice and attentive even though it was pretty crowded. I had the bbq chicken pizza and it was soooooo good and it was very reasonably priced.
5	One of the best places in Vegas I ate at . The drinks were great. the service was awesome!! and my food was amazing! The pizza my husband got was really good and the Organic Chicken was to die for! any place that serves Maytag blue cheese sauce is going to be a winner far as im concerned! :)
4	it's not a 5 star restaurant, so don't expect 5 star service, but it's pretty upscale. I thought it was a bit pricey for a bar and grill - we ended up paying well over 300 bucks, and no we did not order lobster or champagne, but the food is excellent!
5	I know that my reviews are usually tl:dr, but I'm going to make this one short and sweet:1) It's in MGM...2) it's one of the only restaurants in MGM that's open until 2am (and maybe later...we came in for "dinner" at 2am on a Friday night and they were open and surprisingly pleasant)...3) The only way I could love this place more, is if they would be willing to move into my house and make that AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS "Caesar Salad" with the bib lettuce, humbolt fog cheese, and the white anchovies.  OMGZ YUUUUUUUUUUUUUUM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!EAT HERE.  EAT HERE NOW.
4	This cool spot is conveniently located at the MGM Grand if you need a quick break from some slots.  The food was way better than I expected.  I tried the pork belly sandwich and caesar salad and was really impressed.  Both of these dishes are really, really awesome.  I tried the pizza with all the meat lover's fixings and it was extremely tasty but not as crispy as I would have expected (as a native Bronxite, I'm understandably biased).  Overall, I highly recommend this joint!
4	I would give 5 stars if the service was better.  The waiter took forever to give us our check, even after I flagged down another waiter for our bill.Other than that, the food was awesome.  I had the home-made spaghetti, I really loved the quality of the noodles.  The sauce had generous chunks of tomato and was very tasty.  My bf had the Italian omelet, and it was stuffed with mushrooms (his fave!).  His potatoes were a little salty according to him, but I thought it was perfect.  Both entrees were huge and we were stuffed.This place is really great for casual dining, its right in the middle of the MGM casino.  I probably would come again.
4	Wow...the best 3 AM mac 'n cheese I've ever eaten. REALLY it was 4 AM, since the clocks had just been switched back that night. I had announced that I NEEDED to find some mac 'n cheese, and ohhh how grateful I was when Wolfgang Puck's appeared as we turned the corner. So can you trust my 4 AM-in-Vegas mac 'n cheese testimonial? Absolutely! That was some damn good macaroni and four cheeses. Hot, creamy, and salty...and tucked into the perfect little cast iron pot to safely house some 1500 or so calories. Exactly what I had wanted.And then there was the, "I just want something small" - famous last words of a man. My husband ordered a wood oven pizza with prosciutto, Kalamata olives, oven dried tomatoes, basil pesto, and goat cheese. After unattractively housing my dish, I tried a piece of the pizza (sans crust - tummy was starting to protest), which was fantastic. Kalamata olives blow me away every time I eat them on a pizza or flatbread. Just delicious. My husband apparently agreed; he ate all but two slices of the rest...and then we went upstairs to our room and he ate those two. Gross, but not really...it WAS that good.We were in and out pretty quickly and all cravings were satisfied! Definitely loved it. And I have no doubt that the place is incredible for lunch, dinner, and the like...but for now, I will remember it so fondly as the late-night keeper of the mac 'n cheese. Yummmm.
4	We were going to Diego in the MGM Grand, too bad it didn't open for lunch, looked like Wolfgang puck bar and grill was the only restaurant open there, out of choice. We'v seen this restaurant so many times, never wanted to try it cause it is located in the middle of the casino. Glad we tried this restaurant by Wolfgang Puck. Decor: 3.5Food: 4Service: 5Location: 3Atmosphere: 4Total lunch bill for 2, 2 fat tire: $96 Garlic -Chilli glazed wings with blue cheese dressing: so delicious, meaty, flavored, a bit sweet, but just right! It was messy eating those, I had all of them! Home style chicken soup with veggies and Italian parsley: so good, very flavored Linguini, Malina clams, garlic, pancetta, chilli, Wild oregano : loved the clams, hubby loved the pork in there, the linguini was OK. French Style omelet , field mushrooms with french fries : so delicious!  :) Portions were huge, we couldn't finish everything. Took fries to go, it was my snack on the way back to LA. :) Loved our food, service was great, our waitress was very nice, brought me wet napkin to clean my hands after eating wings, it's dry napkin dipped in a cup of warm water, with a piece of lemon on the side to help remove the oil on my hands, how nice .:) Minus the location, cause I didn't like restaurant in the middle of a casino in the open, everything else was great. Loved the atmosphere, very chill and relaxing, perfect for a hang over lunch. Will try the other location in LA live sometime!
3	26$ hamburger was great after a night of partying. This one good thing about this place is that it is open to 5am.
4	We liked this place. But didn't love. Maybe because we were recovering from our afternoon drinking/blackjack binge, but everything was just good. Good Mac and chz, good salmon, good truffle chips, good crab cakes. Recommended as a solid meal with impeccable service, but it probably won't make your top 10 meals of all time list. Get the ginger line iced tea, it was excellent, as was the service - from the host to the busboys, everyone was awesome.OK...Part 2.  Because EVERYTHING at MGM closes at 10pm (except this place), we ate here again the very next night.  We had the chinese chicken salad, brussel sprouts, chicken wings and the chopped veg salad.  Everything was great.  Food that is.  Service was uneven.  We may end up back here again, actually.  I can't believe everything else closes so early.
5	This is a bar and grill, completely open and exposed to the casino, not a romantic, full of atmosphere high end restaurant.  We ate lunch here twice.  The food we had was wonderful, not cheap, cheap but good value- fresh chips with truffle sauce, some kind of ravioli- like pockets with sublime sauce, mussels, pulled pork, pizza.  Everything we had just makes me look forward to our next meal there...someday.  Good beer.  Lovely service.
3	I had the truffle potato chips, steamed mussels, italian sausage oven brick pizza and three cheese mac n cheese. Overall The food was appetizing although I think the prices were a little high. Service was great. We didn't have a reservation and they still say us quickly.
3	Not bad but I have had better pizza, in a lot of places and at better prices. I bet you WP has been to this place only for its opening :)
2	Puck Bar & Grill AKA You can get better prices for the same kind of food, (but you're drunk and in Vegas, how would one know the difference?)Unfortunately, the MGM restaurant scenario is starting to require you to win some money at craps or Blackjack, so that you can afford their dinners. This place is nice and the least expensive between the restaurants of the hotel. However, I don't think it's anything that special. The food is good and cooked well, but $25 for a plate of pasta feels a bit much, don't you think? The service was good and the decor is nice as well. But you turn the eyes and you're still next to a gambling table...I can't really make up my mind on this place. It's average...I would call it an upscale version of a Cheesecake Factory with some better cooking!
4	If you can make peace with the fact that you're going to pay casino floor prices for this food, it's really a good option for lunch.I had a simple lunch- a club sandwich which was fresh and delicious and served with fresh greens with a nice vinaigrette dressing. I would definitely eat here again. The service was fine (and it was super busy during the lunch rush).
4	Was looking for quality food in Vegas without having to pay a ton. Our server was very helpful, and I got the quality food  I wanted :)
5	This place is a bit pricey, but it was totally worth it. My friend and I spent $85 and gave the service $20 in tips. Great service, knowledgeable servers & waiters who were willing to help us out, and they were open really late.We had fried calimari with their homemade pesto & basil mayonaise with their awesome Asian coleslaw as an appertizer. Best coleslaw ever!For our entrees, we had Wood-fired mushroom pizza (vegetarian), tasted so good and they used high-quality cheese so the pizza isn't so greasy at all. We also order a Chinese salad with small won strips. It's like CPK's Thail grilled chicken salad, but man oh man, this was by far the best Asian chicken salad I've tasted. It was well-marinated, chicken cooked perfectly, and rich flavors without no salty taste to it. As for dessert we had Senca Green Tea & Orchid Oolong Tea, from Art of Tea. These are organic tea, and my goodness, it was very tasty & heavenly aromatic. Plus we order the banana-coffee cream pie with their house-made carmel maple syrup. Best coffee & banana cream pie I've tasted in years.I would so come back here again.
4	Pleasantly surprised by this gem amidst the MGM Casino. Dined here twice for dinner during my last weekend in Vegas. Pretty content with everything I ordered, and service was fast. Things I recommend - for appetizers, the tuna tartare. For entrees, the turkey meatloaf and calves liver (yes i'm a carnivore if you couldn't already tell, but both were really good). The calves liver sounds kinda gross, but it was actually a very tender cut, with fried onions and pancetta. I would definitely recommend this restaurant as an alternative to the restaurants at the MGM Walkway (which are slightly pricier). More casual ambiance, but a great place for a quick bite and no wait for tables.
4	Enjoyed lunch here with my husband while visiting Vegas this past weekend. My husband enjoyed the burger while I enjoyed the apple salad. Service was pleasant, professional, and right on time. The food was delicious. The burger was very tasty with fries that were so crisp they practically snapped! My salad was fresh and perfectly dressed. I hate when a salad is over dressed. I did get chicken breast to go with my salad and it was a bit overseasoned to the point of being too salty. All in all, this was a fun restaurant and a good dining experience but just remember, you're paying casino floor prices..so don't get sticker shock when the bill arrives.
4	Another place where they pour the rum and cokes pretty heavy.  I hear at dinner time they serve Wolfgangs awesome mac & cheese.  Too bad I was too drunk to make it back for dinner.  Oh well, maybe next time!
5	Delicious, fresh tasting food and attentive service. I've tried the prime burger, the spaghettini, and the caramelized brussel sprouts. Some of the best tasting food I've ever had.
3	This restaurant is located between slot machines in the MGM Grand. The service was very friendly. The food was okay. Minimal vegetarian options (I asked). I had the margarita pizza. The flavor was standard, but the pizza was quite greasy, oil running off of it. The flavor did not wow me. Boyfriend had a pork sandwich, he said it was pretty good. We agreed on 3 stars, nice staff, really cute decor, and delicious sweet tea, but food fell short of expectations.
2	2.5...Had the pork sandwich and chips and a beer and my friend had the caesar salad.Food alone may have been 4 stars, but the service and the price brings the grade way down.  The chips with the sandwich are really bland, I left most of them.  Kind of disappointing when you're paying $15 for a sandwich lol.Pork Sandwich - 5Salad - 4chips (with sandwich) - 1Service - 2Price - 1The prices at MGM's restaurants seem out of control, even for the strip.  I live at an MGM property and i'd like to go more given that it's close, but even given that I can afford it I feel ripped off to a certain extent after every meal :(If you want a good sandwich head to Earl Sandwich at Planet Hollywood and pay 1/3 the cost.
5	Love love love this place. The food and service are excellent. Fun & inviting atmosphere.
3	We had some late dinner here post- Cirque on a Saturday night. We ordered a salad (I forgot what kind, but remember it was tasty) and the mushroom pizza. If you don't like mushrooms, which I don't, don't convince yourself that the mushroom pizza will have a little mushroom on it. Because it will come to you fully covered in mushrooms and you will not enjoy it. The crust was good, the pizza was generally oily. This place is just alright. The prices are good compared to what else you have around.
4	Didn't know what to expect as this was our first Wolfgang Puck restaurant experience but we definitely were not disappointed.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  We got to talking and we found out the manager was from Chicago (like us) and is also a Purdue alum!  We started with the Brussels sprouts, had the wood oven pizza, and the roasted potatoes.  Servings were more than adequate and we waddled out of there.  Going to make a stop the next time we are in Vegas.
4	Wowzers ... I was recently in Vegas and had my first stay at the MGM Grand Hotel. The first food I had during my stay was here at Wolfgang's.  Probably some of the best food I can remember eating in Vegas. I ordered the prosciutto pizza which had kalamata olives, oven-dried tomatoes, goat cheese and a drizzle of basil pesto ... This was heaven on a plate!  If you've read my other reviews, you know I have a serious relationship with olives, especially on my pizza. Mmmm....It was delish! My friend had the half chicken and it came out looking pretty amazing as well.  I thought prices were really reasonable (considering it's Vegas and in a hotel) and service was good.I would definitely make an attempt to eat here again on a future trip to Vegas!
4	The hottie and I were in Vegas and rollin dice all night.  Got hungry around 4 a.m. and since we were staying at MGM, only the  Wolfgang Puck Cafe was open.  We sat down and were pleasantly surprised by a rather ecclectic menu for so late.  The hottie got the BLT and I got a stack of pancakes.The BLT was da bomb!  It was so good I wanted to go back the next day just to order it again.  Instead of the flimsy little bacon you usually get, Wolfgang gives you a large thick piece of pork belly.  Sooooo good with a nice amount of flavorful pork fat and smokey meat.  Crispy toast and also some avacado for creaminess.  One of the best things I've ever eaten.Oh..... well as you can see I ate most of the hottie's BLT so she ended up with most of my pancakes.  The pancakes were nothing special but they did give you a nice heap of blue berries and a great vanilla mascarpone that acted as the butter.  I would go back again and again just for the BLT.  Next time I want to try some of the pizzas.
4	My husband had linguine with clams...very very good! I had meatball pizza...best i ever had..crust was perfection! We also ordered house salads which were incredibly fresh and tasty!! Would go back to Vegas just for this place!
4	We stopped in here for a snack and were pleasantly surprised. The whole menu is a bit pricey, so I'm taking a star away. The Tuna tartare appetizer is a deconstructed spicy tuna roll sans rice with some seasame chips. It was excellent and quite a large portion. We also had the calamari which was lightly breaded in panko and was cooked perfectly. The aioli that is served with it is excellent. I highly recommend both. Service was excellent. I recommend, just be ready to fork over a benjamin.
3	I visited this restaurant located within the MGM Grand on a fairly busy Saturday night. We were seated without waiting and promptly served. The staff were friendly and provided average service. I ordered a pasta dish and was unfortunately unsatisfied. For a Wolfgang Puck restaurant, I expected to be wowed by seasoning, flavor, and taste. However, the dish was fairly bland and lifeless. This restaurant is a bit pricey considering the lack of zest. Three stars for cleanliness, convenience, good staff, and ambiance. However, I will not be returning.
4	Stumbled across this place while on a business trip. Needed a place to eat that could accommodate a small party without a long wait as many from the group were hungry and tired.The atmosphere was nice but unimpressive; partially because it is located inside of a casino with flashing lights and lots of noise, and partially because it is a small venue within a large casino and it felt a little crowded and claustrophobic. Regardless of the overall atmosphere our group received a great table, a little more private than the others, and next to the open kitchen. The menu didn't seem to impressive at first; pizza, burgers, potato chips... seemed just like a regular bar. So why was the food for of pricey and what made this place so much better than a regular bar. It was the food! Who would of known that pizza didn't have to taste so average and that potato chips could be so outstanding.I had to go back a few months later, for business again, and this time I brought my husband. Our first night in Vegas I insisted on returning to Wolfgang Puck Bar and Grill specifically for the Truffled Potato Chips with Maytag Blue Cheese - out of this world - and splurged on some dessert. Honestly I don't recall what my husband got but the Raspberry Chocolate Chip Souffle I got made me a fan of this Wolfgang Puck for life.If I ever go to Vegas again I will definitely dine here; but what I really want is for Wolfgang to put one of his restaurants in Philadelphia so I can enjoy the chips and souffle anytime I want.
3	Had lunch here. It's a beautiful restaurant that opens out to the casino.Chinois Chicken Salad - had this many times before.  It's a good medley of greens topped with crispy wonton strips and candied peanuts.  I wish the dressing was a bit more flavorful, but overall it's a good salad with lots of moist chicken!BLT - husband had to order this because the menu described it as pork belly.It looked scrumptuous as the thick bacon, arugula, and tomatoes were between two grilled pieces of sourdough.  IMO, the sandwich was decent but could have tasted WAY better if there was some sort of maple glaze and smokiness to the bacon.  It tasted rather bland...  The side pasta salad was delicious tho!  It was tossed with salume, feta chesses, and some veggies.Oh, and the appetizer calamari was pretty good.  It arrived looking a little undercooked but it did have a rather nice crunch to it.  The aoili dipping sauce was a wonderful accomaniment to the calamari!Prices are decent and I think it's a good spot for lunch, especially if you're here for a convention.....Well, you really have no other choice because all the other places are open only for dinner.Guess I'd be back, but only if I had not other choice..Or on someone else's dime =)
4	Great service and food. The setting is nothing special, as it sits right in the middle of the MGM casino, but they've tried to make it nice. Getting a decent seat was no problem.Went for lunch. Very reasonable. The sandwiches are big and the beer is cold. I am a HUGE fan of reubens, but opted for the Cuban instead. Good, but compared to my wife's reuben, I made the wrong choice. Served on pretzel bread and thick with fresh ingredients, this sandwich ROCKED!
4	We were going to watch KA and it's right in front of the theatre, so perfect!Our waiter was great, kind and attentive. We started with the waiters suggestion of the crab cakes and they were sooooo good. Great suggestion my friend. My BF had the ribeye and it was cooked to perfection. It was super good. The potatoes were amazing. They were small potatoes I think and deep fried but had this scrumptous feeling when you bit into it. It was like an airy potatoe. There had to be some type of coating to get it like that. But it was soo good!I had the spaghetti and meatballs. It was okay but a little too spicy for me so I couldn't get the full marinara flavoring. The meatballs were huge though. But I'd have to get something else next time.Drinks were always filled, plates always cleared. I love great customer service. I would suggest this place if you're looking for good food and good service.
2	Wouldn't come again. The food is so so... The service is good, but the taste is not there. Potato chips are overwhelmed with the blue cheese and the Asian salad with chicken just not there.
4	Beware of peak dining times and busy convention/ concert/ fight weekends!  It has a very convenient location... between KA and the Grand Garden Arena - this place can get jam-packed.  My personal favorites?  The Truffle Potato Chips with Blue Cheese Sauce and the Chopped Salad.  A bit contradictory... but opposites often do attract ;)
1	Worst customer service, so-so food= not coming back to Wolfgang's. Total bummer. we were really excited to eat here while staying at the MGM for a convention. We were there for WPPI and had a group of four photographers. Super cute decor and good vibe, until we were greeted, or should I say not greeted by our server. It seemed as if we were bothering her by sitting down. Crappy attitude from the minute we sat down. Total ruined our vibe instantly. We tried to stay focussed on fun and not her crappy attitude. I asked a few questions about the wine and she acted as though I was a complete idiot. She did not even understand my questions. Ok, moving on. Our food came before our drinks...WTF? We are in Vegas! Ok, they bring two out of four plates of food, then drinks, then the other two plates, over a 8-9 minute stretch. Frustrating! My mushroom raviolis were good ($25.00) , my friends gnocchi was soft and mushy. Spaghetti;s were fine. Manager happens to stop by our table and asks how things are. I decided to tell him what a bad experience we were having. He was apologetic and said he would make it better. He asked if we needed more drinks and kind of pushed that we all have another. We said ok. It was as if he was going to buy us a round for our troubles.The waitress never came back, he served us the rest of our meal. Bill comes, he did not comp us even one thing. He acted as if he was going to and then nothing. Whenever a manager gets involved usually at least one think is comped. It was actually shocking. We had explained how we were here for business and how she ruined the whole vibe...anyways. We then said how disappointed in the whole night and especially our bill, when he pushed drinks on us and then didn't even comp them. He said he took the waitress out of the equation and thought that was enough. We didn't leave a penny for tip, and will definitely not go back next time we are in Vegas! Go to the Asian Express in the food court, tasty cheaper food!
4	i come here just for the chinois salad and fried calamari. it's absolutely delicious and so unique. the salad is fresh and so flavorful. the calamari reminds me of the dish that we had a few times at the r&g lounge in san francisco. (a great restaurant in chinatown). i will have to visit wolfgang pucks restaurant in dallas just to have these dishes again!the service is great and we split the meatloaf and mashed potatoes. the dish was very good, but i've had better meatloaf. i like a more southern homecooked meatloaf rather than the upscale version.
5	I eat here every time I'm in vegas I love the butternut squash ravioli and the steaks are awesome...but there floor is sooooo slippery I always feel like I'm about to fall on my ass maybe I should think about not wearing 6 in heels :)
5	I had a great experience here!I ordered a sea-bass catch-of-the-day special. The tastes and textures were exquisite -- perfectly crispy on the edges -- perfectly tender throughout. Furthermore, I found the presentation and portion sizes to be very impressive.There's a lot of attention to detail here:- free wifi- delicious bread selection... and so on ...There are not many places in Vegas that offer real value anymore -- this is one exception.
4	If you're in the mood for a great Vegas establishment with top quality food without the long pesky wait, or burning a hole in your pocket. this place is for you.Very well priced, and great food selection. The onion rings are very delicious.
5	The most friendly & attentive staff I have ever experienced in any restaurant.me & my boyriend had ....Grilled burger & fries...Pizza with italian sausage...ricotta gnocchi...All the best......... Must try!!
5	When in Vegas some people focus on the gambling, others on the women, some the magic and outstanding shows...being that I am a huge foodie, it's the high end culinary offerings that get me going in Vegas.  Many of the big names have restaurants here and they are accessible.  This brings me to my dinner experience at Wolfgang Puck.  You expect the best.  It's Wolfgang Puck, it better be great.  Well, we started off with a manhattan and mojito.  The manhattan was absolutely delicious.  Our app of choice was the blue cheese truffle chips...divine!  Perfectly cooked chips with large chunks of quality blue cheese and a drizzling of truffle oil.  For our entrees I decided on the wild mushroom agnolotti, made up of peas, caramelized shallots and parmesan.  My guy went with the double cut pork chop, polenta cake, caramelized brussel sprouts with a maple-mustard glaze.  Wow, I had a bite of the pork chop and it is the best I have tasted, ever.  They cook it in a charcoal burning grill and the flavor is outstanding.  My dish was great, but that pork chop dish gave me serious food envy.  Everything on it was outstanding.  I dream about it.  The experience lived up to all my expectations and I will be going back for that pork chop the next time I am in Vegas!
5	The food was well-cooked and the price is reasonable considering it locates in Las Vegas hotel
4	We had a great meal here the other night.  The service was very attentive, knowledgeable and friendly.  I was eyeing the gnocchi with fennel sausage bolognese, and asked the server if there was basil in that dish, as I have a sensitivity to it.  He told me that the sauce base is a tomato basil and recommended that if in doubt I should avoid it, so I asked if it were possible to get the gnocchi with a creme sauce instead.  He suggested I try it with alfredo sauce, and then the fennel sausage 'sauce' that they normally mix with the tomato basil.  I figured I may be getting myself into trouble but it sounded good so I figured I would try it.He came back a few minutes later to warn me that the sauce would come out 'pink' in color and asked if that was ok.  Sure, I'm not biased :)  So I waited further.The gnocchi was DELICIOUS.  I loved the way it came out...except for the basil garnish on the top of the center.  HAHAHA, after all that trouble, the chef really did sprinkle some basil on the top.  I picked it off with a fork, not wanting to make a big deal about it, but I was pretty amused.  My parents both ordered the 'kobe' hambuger which they said was delicious.  I tried the citrus sweet tea,  and wasn't quite as keen on that - it was very citrusy and not very sweet.  If you're the type that likes lots of lemon in your tea you'll probably like it but I'm a southern sweet tea gal myself.As far as prices go, it is not cheap but it is a darn sight cheaper than most of the other fancy options around.  My plate of pasta was $23.  I didn't get a starter because I have a small appetite but if you're a heartier eater you'd probably want to get a starter as well.  With the burger you don't really need a starter.  They give you a plate of nice currant sourdough bread which my parents loved, and I thought was fine but somewhat forgettable.Overall though I appreciate that they worked with me on my fiddly dietary issues and gave me a delicious meal rather than an afterthought.  I am going to be at the hotel for a week for a conference so I am sure to eat here again at least once.  If I dare to try a different dish I will report back on how it is.One comment though, it is EXTREMELY loud in here as it is fully open to the casino floor.  If you want a cozy romantic meal where you can chat without yelling, this isn't a good pick.
5	Great food and wonderful service.  I had the black mussel dish, it came with a huge plate of fresh mussels baked with very flavorful sausage, bread and yummy fries on the side.  All just for $25!!  It's a such a great deal consider eating seafood in MGM !!  The service is also great and attentive.
4	I came back again a few nights after my first review and ate at the bar.  I had a pineapple-ginger mojito (really good!), the 3-cheese mac & cheese (very large portion, I could have eaten it as a meal, or it's a very good size to share) and the flat iron steak entree.I really liked the 3 cheese mac & cheese, it comes with a cavatappi pasta, melted cheese, and breadcrumbs on top - although there was a minor implementation issue - it comes in a deep cast iron dish about 6" x 3" x 3" or so.  The cheese on top was boiling when I got it... but there were a couple cold bites in the middle.  They weren't *hard* cold per se, just not fully heated.  Not enough to bother sending it back because other than that it was terrific, and there were probably only about 2 bites of the whole thing that were cold.The flatiron steak was good too, it came with fries and a few green beans and had a wine sauce & a teensy bit of blue cheese butter.  I really only had one bite that tasted like blue cheese at all, would have liked a little more of that, but the steak had good flavor and the wine sauce actually worked really well to allow the fries to soak into.  Service at the bar was friendly, not as 'in-depth' as you're going to get at a table, but no complaints.I am still trying to decide whether to go back there for my last lunch of the trip or whether to try Emeril's (which I ate at several years ago but not this trip)...decisions, decisions!
4	Compared to other celebrity restaurants, it was a little less expensive. In the MGM Grand hotel, but there are glass-like walls so you're not right on the casino floor. Mac n' Cheese was quite delicious, cheesy, some gooey, crisp bits at the top. I had the chicken milanese, which was ridiculously large. I couldn't finish it. Still, it was quite refreshing after all the bread and pasta I was eating. Oh, wait. Mac n' cheese counts as pasta. See? I need to have it in every meal. Sangria. Cool, refreshing. Light. With a little zing. Seltzer? Sparkles? I'd get another. More, please. All in all, wait wasn't too long. And they take reservations. If you, in theory, don't want to wait. Our waiter was okay. Pretty attentive. But...occasionally I had to chase him down. It's all good though.
5	We went twice for dinner during our 5-day stay in early April.  Both times, we were seated right away.  Our servers were very attentive.  We ordered a special appetizer with heirloom tomatoes and fresh mozzarella cheese.  It is similar to a caprese tomato salad.  This tomato dish was incredibly flavorful.  The tomatoes were so fresh and sweet.  Really, I could eat this every day.  It was that good.  It's the main reason we came back a second time.  I thought the price of $18 was a bit high for an appetizer, but my husband and I shared it.  We also ordered their popular spicy chicken pizza which is enough for 2 to share.  It was also made from fresh ingredients.  I would highly recommend the Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill as a casual restaurant to go to in Las Vegas.
3	Excellent service and a fair menu selection. Overall, we found the food to be quite bland.  We ordered:- Chopped Vegetable Salad, Feta Cheese, Garlic Croutons, Creamy Greek Dressing, - Butter Lettuce "Caesar Salad", Humboldt Fog Cheese, Garlic Croutons, White Anchovies, and - Wood Oven Roasted Mushrooms, Broccolini, Leeks, Thyme, TaleggioThe pizza was cooked just perfectly; not too limp, not too crunchy.  The crust was a bland white dough, void of any flavor.The salads were the same.  You would expect at least the "Caesar Salad" to be vibrant with flavor, but it was not.  To reiterate, everything was good, but not great.  We expected more of Wolfgang Puck.  What made this restaurant a standout was the great service of the staff.  They were all excellent.
5	This food is AMAZING. I had the salmon, and I still fantasize about it to this day. It was a really fun restaurant with a variety of menu options and great service. I'm patiently waiting for the day when I can go back!
4	I have come to realize that Wolfgang Puck's name is ALL over Las Vegas.  He seems to have a restaurant in every casino on the Las Vegas strip (am exaggerating but you get the idea).  My boyfriend ate something with pancetta in it last year and it changed his life.  He kept talking about it all year long so we decided to reawaken his taste buds by returning to Wolfgang Puck Bar and Grill.There seems to always be a wait but never a long one.  The restaurant is practically smack dab in the middle of the casino making it easy to find.  Unfortunately I was sitting right next to this giant light in the ground that blinded me every time I shifted in my seat.  I was tempted to ask to be seated elsewhere but I was too hungry to move so I just sucked it up.  But the next time you're about to get seated next to this giant twine sculpture with the light in the ground, I advise you to ask to be seated elsewhere before you plant your bottom.We were disappointed to see that the menu has changed since the last time we were there and my boyfriend could not find his heavenly pancetta risotto dish and settled for a pancetta wrapped meatloaf instead.  I quickly snuck a peek at yelp to see whats good and decided on a wild mushroom ravioli.  The waiter sadly informed me that the dish was no longer available and recommended the gnocchi with a bolognese sauce.  Although I was a bit disappointed, I went with his suggestion.  We also decided to start with the crab cakes as we were both ravishingly hungry by this time.The crab cakes came out in four tiny little cakes.  Albeit rather small, they were packed with flavor.  I would return just to get three orders of the crab cakes for myself.  The pancetta wrapped meatloaf was nothing like your mother used to make.  The pancetta was baked to a nice crisp while the meatloaf was soft and juicy.  My gnocchi was good but I probably wouldn't get it again.  It was not very memorable and it was just so-so to me.  I think I was just bummed that I didn't get to try the ravioli that my fellow yelpers raved about.
5	We booked a room here at the MGM Grand for our Anniversary/Wife's Birthday, after taking our belongings to the room we decided to give Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill a shot, mostly because of the name so here we are looking over the lunch menu and decided on the calamari for our appetizer, it was light and delicious, my wife ordered the Salmon that came with peas,carrots and potatoes which was awesome, salmon was perfectly seasoned and cooked she had a Raspberry Lemon drop Martini which she claims was really good, I ordered the "Fish of the Day" which was Striped Bass, it came with a mushroom/parsnip puree sauce with grilled veggies it was Fantastic! Our server (ROBERT) was sooo helpful and friendly, he was on top of his game.. he took care of us with some desserts due to our Special Day.
4	Love this place and the late night menu is great and affordable.  One of the best burgers I've ever had at this place plus truffle chips are great.  I've eaten at this place 3-4 times over the past few years and never been disappointed.
5	We have eaten here 3 times (staying at MGM Grand) and had a wonderful delish experience all 3 times.  pizza is good with very creative choices. Their fish - Mahi Mahi and Salmon was so fresh and cooked to perfection. The Hamburger was very good and the gourmet potato chips sooo good. We have had so many negative eating experiences in Vegas in the past 5 years, this is our new go to place. Most places are overrated, over priced and many times have made us sick. Come here and enjoy good prices good food and good service!
4	I've been here many times and food is always great and consistent. Some menu items change often so there is always something seasonal to try. It is also open very late which makes it the best choice in the hotel for dining after 10pm.Apps:You HAVE to have the chicken soup - so fresh and tasty. I always start a meal with a bowl of the soupChinese chicken salad is good too - large portionLunch:The lamb sandwich is amazing, don't pass it upPizzas are also good and pretty largeBurger is goodDinner:The last 2 visits I had the Kobe beef special. It's a great deal, about $47 and steak is very tender. It also comes with (literally) a pound of potatoes and cauliflower on the side. Very large portion and vegetables are perfectly cooked. Probably the best Kobe beef deal in town.I had the salmon once and it is goodThe flat iron steak is pretty goodThe thin breaded chicken breast is nothing special, I would passSpaghettini with tomato sauce is a great light dish, very fresh and flavorful and vegetarian.Dessert:I believe I had the cobbler or fruit pie and it is very good and big enough for 2. They have good loose leaf tea selection. For lunch the fresh cookies are good too.Complaints:Only real complaint is the service is hit or miss. If you eat at the bar, the bar tenders are nothing special but I once had a very good female bar tender that checked often on me and my meal.
4	This restaurant has served me some of the best, most memorable meals of my life. On my most recent visit to Vegas, I only made it here once. (Usually I go at least once a day.)The service is still very good. They are knowledgeable and attentive, and most of them talk like they've tried everything on the menu. That's always a good sign. This time around, the standout was the pork belly confit. It was SPECTACULAR... One of those things you eat and then have to pause for a few minutes.Most of the times I eat here, that's exactly what it's like no matter what I order. This will remain a dining staple for me in LV.
4	I've eaten here for lunch and dinner and both times the food was fantastic. The most recent dinner there was about $60 for two people including a round of drinks. That's pretty affordable for Vegas.We split the burger and it was AWESOME. We also got the mac n' cheese --it was just ok and I'd skip it next time. The Brussels Sprouts were amazing and I'd order them again there every time. Service was great and fairly fast.
5	Whenever I am entertaining out of town guests, this is always a must hit lunch spot, and I'm at the point now where I've count of how many times I've eaten here.  The service is always fantastic, I've never had to wait, and the food is consistently great, along with a number of the specialty cocktails that I've tried.  The club sandwich for lunch is incredible and one of my favorites, along with the gnocchi bolognese (thank god they made this a regular menu item, because it is truly outstanding).  Most recently, I had the chicken milanese, which was on par with the best chicken or pork milanese I've had.  This place is always fantastic, but I would recommend this as a lunch stop over dinner, usually because it's less crowded and a bit more laid back - the food here also tends to be on the lighter side, so it's before before you head out for a long, hot day walking in the Vegas sun.
1	Really disappointed!!!  When we walked in we started on a great note.  The hostesses were friendly and a few of the servers smiled warmly and greeted us as we ere escorted to our table.  Our server came over right away bout didn't offer any suggestions or any of his favorites or anything.  I have to assume that he wrote us off right away because we are in out 20's and he assumed we wouldn't tip him well.  There were 3 other tables seated after we were in the same servers section.  All had their drinks and bread on the table and had ordered their dinner before we were even asked for drink orders.  We sat with menus to the side ready to order for 15 minutes while our server stood across the restaurant from us and talked with another server. My husband started with chicken soup. The veggies in it were crips and fresh but the soup was rather bland.  I ordered the salmon with fingerling potatoes and spring peas and a stone ground mustard sauce.  The salmon was to be cooked to medium.  The salmon arrived and was served on a plate full of frozen peas and carrots and there were 3 halves of fingerling potatoes on the plate.  I have seen ahi tuna filets cooked more than my salmon was.  Only the outer 1/8th inch of the flash was cooked, the rest was Luke warm at best and totally raw.  There was a wait assistant near our table filling water for us and others and he checked with us right after our food was dropped and asked if we needed anything else he was polite and friendly.  Our waiter stopped by about 5 minutes later and didn't actually ask how things were just said " things are good here, ya?" and walked away.  Over all I was totally disappointed with the experience.  I have had better food and service at Applebees (which is total garbage)
4	We had a great time here. All four of us were happy with their food. I enjoyed the calimari, and LOVED the cucumber martini. I thought about that drink for the rest of the weekend. The girls I was with really enjoyed their linguine with clams, and the potato chip appetizer with blue cheese was out of this world. That appetizer and the cucumber martini were my favorite things.
4	Love the fries here, sOo yummy, thin and crispy with seasoning. The steaks here are made just right. Not over cooked & just enough red & blood. Just the way I like it. The steak burger is good if you like onions. I think the onion flavor is overpowering. It makes me thirty afterward. The clam pasta is good. It would be better if they clean the clams a bit better. Had a few clams with sand/ dirt a few times already. sigh. The mussel pasta gets boring after a few bites.
4	3.75 stars.  You want to know what easily was the biggest disappointment of my last Vegas trip?  That I didn't get to have a second session of drinking with Dave, one of the most awesome bartenders I have ever met.  Seriously, if you happen to be in the MGM Grand in the next two or three months, take the opportunity to sidle up the bar if you happen to see a tall bald headed dude working.  You won't regret it.  My first night on my last trip to Vegas involved a moderately lengthy stay at the bar at Wolfgang Puck.  It was a slow night, and the bartender inquired about what was obviously a look of pain on my face.  "I hope my face doesn't contort like that when I'm playing poker," I noted, knowing full well that it certainly does not.  He asked what was bothering me, I told him, and then I stated that it wasn't really a big deal (and it's not).  He then proceeded to tell me what happened to him the previous night, and let's just say it put EVERYTHING into perspective.  The night was still young, and before you knew it, there were rounds upon rounds of drinks, including two comped ones on Dave, as we ran the gamut of his own incredible night and simultaneously mocked the idea of what most people consider problems.  As I was leaving, he noted, "You get it."  He was talking about life.  And he gets it as well.  There are other reasons to come here aside from incredible service.  The actual drinks at the bar were nicely prepared, including a Manhattan preparation nicely chilled with carved ice.  The bar is well stocked with fun rye whiskeys, scotches, and bourbons as moderate price points.  The Shishito peppers and short ribs I ordered may have been short of magnificent, but were solid nonetheless.  At worst, it is certainly a reasonable alternative to NobHill for those who'd like something nice while avoiding L'Atelier's pricing.  While I get this isn't exactly destination dining and the atmosphere is kind of weird (located in the middle of the MGM Grand), it isn't a bad place, especially on Fight Night, to watch the legions of craziness descend upon MGM Grand while sipping nice cocktails and judging everyone in your vicinity.  Yeah, I think I'll go back here on my next Vegas trip.
2	Save yourself from disappointment by walking in with low expectations. If you're after a celebrity chef restaurant here in Las Vegas, hit Mesa or Scarpetta instead.
5	Honestly we stopped in here because it was about the only sit down restaurant still open after the Drake concert. We wanted Craftsteak but all these high end steakhouses in Vegas close so early.This choice worked out great though and I would never hesitate to eat here again (at a normal time or in the middle of the night). I opted for the meatloaf and it was great. My friends ordered the pepperoni pizza and the organic chicken and they both loved their choices. Service was very good considering how busy it got. The focaccia bread they bring out was delicious also.
4	Basing this review on past experiences. The last time I went I was disappointed in the food, the service was still excellent. I've eaten here several times and have had the calamari (so-so), the mesquite grilled steak skewers (amazing), truffled potato chips (very good), buffalo cheese pizza (incredible), calves liver (stupid good), caramelized brussel sprouts, yukon gold potato puree, banoffee, and pineapple upside cake with vanilla ice cream. Basically everything there has been incredibly good. This is another place that I always hit up when I'm in Vegas and I'm hoping the last time I was there was just an off night because I would hate to find it's no longer worth stopping at.
4	always a fan of pucks places, the express at disneyworld, mgm in Dtown, this was a casino people watching spot, pineapple mojito was spot on not too sweet andjust enough booze(++) too my likeing. the truffle chips in maytag blue cheese (not the kitchen appliance) sauce was a great combo big chunks of blue cheese in a subtle sauce tho the chips could have been warmer.my wife had the wild/domestic mushroom pasta w/asperagus and parmagiannoand while it was as advertised the flavor was "meh". it was on the dry/oily side and needed something to pull it together so we put some blue cheese and sauce from the chips on it and made it a better dish ...for us. $57 for a "snack"...where's the 13.99 buffet and try that!!
5	MGM. A grandiose hotel with an endless amount of restaurants to choose from. From Wolfgang Puck, Tom Colicchio, Japanese, high end to a food court with a McD's.We settled at Wolfgang to kickstart our first lunch of the weekend. I had the manila claim linguini with garlic white wine sauce. Light sauce, amazing flavor, no heavy cream added and the clams were abundant! I liked that. Craving this now.
2	It's inside the MGM, so it's gotta be good, right? Nope. Wolfgang, you let me down big time. Flavors reminded me more of Arby's rather than a high quality cafe. My ruben tasted like a sloppy joe, and my salad was pathetic. Greens with oil on them? Come on? How about some texture? tomato? carrot? cucumber? nuts? anything? You're so cheap Wolfgang...Service is fine though.
5	I wish I would have found this spot earlier in my trip. I would have had all my late-night snacks (or more than a snack) here.We were staying at the MGM hotel and after coming back from Fremont street we decided to go back to the hotel, do some gambling and have a slow night. But first, we were hungry so I found great reviews about this place on yelp and it was on my hotel. Kaaaaching!We decided to go with small plates to share between two. We picked a chopped vegetable salad (cucumbers, zucchini, tomatoes, onions, peppers) that came with feta cheese, garlic croutons in a creamy greek dressing. Best salad I've ever had. It was so light and all the vegetables tasted amazingly crisp and fresh! The garlic croutons were a dream and the feta and dressing brought it all together.We also ordered the spicy tuna tartare with avocado, pickled ginger, cucumber, and sesame wontons. Delicioussssss!!! Beautiful fresh chopped tuna and perfectly balanced dish. It's hard to say which of the plates was the favorite but the truffle potato chips with the maytag blue cheese sauce were so freaking good. I can't emphasize it enough. The truffle chips are topped with a warm blue cheese sauce that elevated them to perfection.For dessert we had a Smore pie. Chocolate cream pie in a graham cracker crust, with toasted marshmallow and vanilla ice cream. OMG. WINNER!!!I wish the Wolfgang Puck here in Orlando were like this one, but it's not.
4	Love the pizza, great desserts, decent wait staff. Its a little loud, but it is seated right in the middle of the MGM casino, so I guess it is as best as you can expect with that scenario. I always make a point of coming to this restaurant when I stay at MGM. It is always busy because it is good.
5	Probably the most reasonably priced place for dining at the MGM Grand. Our goto place for food at the MGM Grand.The staff is simply fantastic and extremely efficient and friendly. Best group of people I have met in all of Vegas. Even of the food was bad ( and it is really excellent) the staff would make it a great experience. Speaking of food, everything from the pizza to sandwiches to drinks were first class. We ate there every day for a week and were not disappointed with any choice. Once we split a Ruben and the plates came with a full helping of the side of potato salad on each plate. They also do half portions of the soups which is a great option. We recommend this Puck outpost without hesitation.
5	I live at the MGM Signature and eat here most weekdays. I've been here well over 100 times for both lunch and dinner.The sandwich selection is excellent. The Chicken Salad and Cuban are my favorites. The cheeseburger is fantastic as well. Counter server Darbie provides excellent service, and manager Carrie keeps this place running like a well-oiled machined. Overall, great food, great service, excellent value!
5	I don't know why it took me so long to write a review for this place since we always end up going here after partying late night or just for a very good meal. The ambience is very casual.. Staff is always super friendly. The wine list includes my favorite Riesling (yay!) however, you will run into some obnoxious intoxicated people.. But then again, it's Vegas and they are open til 6 am. Do try:-wild mushroom fettuccine in light cream sauce and truffle oil -flat iron steak with blue cheese butter-butter lettuce salad with white anchovies-all their flat bread pizzas -white or red sangria-calamari -caramelized Brussel sproutsOn Vegas prices, I feel like the food should be worth more. The flavors are wonderfully non complicated with simple seasoning. Do try this place. I guarantee you will be coming back.
5	The salads are huge and fresh, the pizzas are hot and delicious. I loved the atmosphere and the prices are reasonable. It is possible to split a salad and pizza for a lite lunch. I'll definitely return.
5	HOMYGOD.The staff are excellent!! The hostesses were sweet as pie, and the waiters were fast, friendly, and fun.  This is a great group to have in Vegas, and I will definitely be back next time I'm there.  As a matter of fact, we loved it so much, this was the only place we really ate.  (Unless you count our liquid diet.)  ;)The restaurant is absolutely beautiful.  I love the openness of it, with the colorful dividers.  A great way to showcase the dining room, but still let us see the casino.The food was so good, but the item that really sticks out to me is the corn beef sandwich on pretzel bread.  Yes you read that correctly.  It was so good!  I asked for no cole slaw, so the sandwich was corn beef, melted cheese, and spicy mustard.  ON PRETZEL BREAD.  This is one of those rare food items that I don't even care about the caloric content.  I just want to shove it in my face!  The potato salad was excellent, and the pasta salad was fresh and summery, but filling enough to soak up some of those dangerous pool drinks.Speaking of drinks, sample their sangria.  Strong, flavorful, and unique. Five delicious stars!
4	One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas - great food, but a little more casual and a little less wallet busting than a lot of other big name restaurants in the area.  Been here at least 6 or 7 times and have never been disappointed.  You can also order food packed up to go if you want to eat in your quiet hotel room.
4	the tuna tartar is sooooooooo goooooooood!!!they are very generous with their alcohol pours :)they are open very late too.
5	The best gnocchi and sausage fennel.  On top of it, the service was very nice and attentive.I would recommend this place for those visiting Vegas.
4	Sat at the bar... Food was yummy! Drinks were refreshing! Service was excellent. Atmosphere was a little loud though
4	So a friend and I was walking around MGM looking for a place to eat before our show. We werent dressed up so that eliminated all the fancy restaurants.. It was either Wolfgang Puck, The food court or Rainforest Cafe.. and I was not going to eat at the food court or rainforest an over priced sit down version of the food court.. So we had no choice but to eat at Wolfgang Puck.. honestly i am not a big fan of wolfgang puck but it beats the food court.. As i entered in the restaurant with a complete attitude of " I hate wolfgang puck" , my mood started to change.... The waiters and staff greeted you welcoming you into wolfgang puck..I was slowly start to brush off the i ahte wolfgang puck attitude...As we sat down water and beverage was taken immediately.. i said to myself hmmmm... ineteresting.. love how fast they work...The server was really friendly and informative.. gave us the specials and had a positive attitude really good guest service skills pretty impressed..I was pretty impressed how often they refilled our water and bread basket without being told..So the food finally came and i was in shock. I was supirsed how huge the portions were.. I ordered the burger and my freind had the pizza i must say DAYUM! Wolfgang! i am impressed.. loved the juicey burger and loved the fries.. PIzza was awesome also!For dessert we had the Banana siffoule it was mmm mmmm good!Overall Wolfgang shocked the crap outta me.. Love this place! ive had the wolfgang puck cafes at the airport and was not impressed at all that's why i was a bit hesitant to eat at this wolfgang puck but im glad i gave it a second try and i would definitely dine here again!
2	I must confess this place had delicious free bread, and I wish I had gone back for the late night menu. But everything else I experienced was just meh. Service especially was inattentive at best. I ordered the pancetta crusted meatloaf; my girlfriend got the cheese pizza. Maybe it is her fault for ordering cheese pizza, but it tasted like it came out of the grocery store's freezer aisle. My meatloaf, on a bed of mashed potatoes and topped with crispy onion rings, was good but not great. I frankly had better meatloaf on a sandwich at Wichcraft. I'd say it's worth trying, but you'd probably be better off spending your money elsewhere.
5	Use ur M life points here!We stumbled here the first day for lunch because were gambling and needed a break from all the losses. After finding out we could use our M life rewards here, we came back again the next day!  This originally wasn't on my list of places to eat, but being near the casino floor we decided to stop in for what we thought would be a mediocre but quick lunch. The waiter came by and gave us the normal spiel of what were the specials for the day, which I honestly never pay attention to. However, my boyfriend does, and he noticed that their special, NOT ON THEIR MENU, was a salmon burger with corn based slaw onions etc. FOOD we ordered from both visits:SALMON BURGER - omg. AMAZING. this is OFF THE MENU so if you're coming here and you love salmon as much as i do and love corn as much as i do, make sure you ask for this. I've had salmon burgers elsewhere that i thought were great, but this is amazing!! I'm so glad that our waiter came by and mentioned that it was off the menu. If i weren't coming back to try the other recommended items from yelpers the second day, i would've ordered it again. TRUFFLED POTATO CHIPS with MAYTAG BLUE CHEESE - ordered this per yelper's recommendations. SO YUMS!!! the potato chips were not thin but not super thick, made just the right width with the right crunchiness. I love truffle oil and I love it when its used right. You could definitely taste the truffle oil on the chips. It's not overpowering. I'm also generally not a big fan of blue cheese on anything else but my salads, but there wasn't enough. Plus you can always brush it off when you're eating the potato chip, it doesn't leave a residue taste on the chip either.CRAB CAKES - ordered this per yelpers recommendations as well. they come out in 4 or 5 what looks like tiny crab cakes, but they are made exquisitely and I have to say even being located in desert nevada, these crab cakes were fresh and delicious! I hate it when people put in so many crumbs it takes away from the crab stuffing or the crab flavour. That wasn't the case at all. It wasn't an overpowering crab taste either. I highly recommend ordering these! REUBEN SANDWICH - My boyfriend ordered this. I'm not a huge fan of Reuben's but he said it was ok. He asked for no cheese on his reuben, but it came out with cheese anyway. The one good thing about this was he asked for a substitute of a salad for his french fries, and the salad that came out was fresh and delicious!SPICY TUNA TARTARE - this was a good order. I tried a few other tuna tartare's that week in vegas and this was definitely the best one that I tried. I liked the wonton's that came with it too. the chip was thick and crunchy. BBQ PORK SPARE RIBS - Ordered this bc we had M life points to spend (WUT WUT in the MGM). They were made well, but being from the south I've definitely tasted better ribs. but since these were comped ribs, I have no complaints. hahaha.SPICY SOPRESSATA PIZZA - my boyfriend ordered this as well. I'm not a fan of spicy things on my pizza but he was A BIG FAN OF THIS PIZZA. He highly highly recommends it. Didn't have room during either visit for dessert but nothing on the menu super caught my eye. ATMOSPHERE/DECOR: i loved the decor! it was spacious and light, with enough ambiance to create a non-casino feel. It had an open view of the casino games around us, but also enough baracades (these round wooden bigger than life wreath type things) to close you in on your eating and dining experience. It does get a lil loud but not loud enough for you to yell to your eating mates. SERVICE - service was great. The waiters were always attentive but not hovering, and they always made sure that we had water in our cups (which we needed since we came in the middle of scorching hot 120 degree July). I also liked that they sent things out as they were ready, not "when they're supposed to come out." Really liked that about the place. I love this place. It's incredibly REASONABLY PRICED, even if you don't use your comp points here. I loved the casualness yet classy feel of the place. Definitely HIGHLY RECOMMENDED if you're in the area, or if you just wanna stop by for a quick lunch. Its a good break from all the smoking as well. Huge props to wolfgang and chef Scott Irestone for the amazing work they did here!
4	A special shout out to our server Aran (sp?) who was especially accommodating of our party of three that realized after ordering that we were dangerously close to being late for a show.Each of us ordered a drink, all of which were refreshing and delicious. Since we were staying at the signature and knew we would want leftovers, we also each ordered a pizza. We ended up sharing a chicken pizza, mushroom pizza, and prosciutto pizza. We housed the first few pieces before Aran packed it all up to go for us. The pizza was equally delicious (if not more so) as a late night snack. :)Service was quick and friendly with the right amount of personality and follow up. Which is more than I can say for a lot of places in Vegas who sometimes come across as insincere.
5	Great service and excellent food. Our server Sara was really attentive and friendly. She went above & beyond our expectations. I had the meatloaf with mixed veggies and mashed potatoes. The onion rings were very delicious! This is an excellent establishment because it's located right in the center of the MGM Grand and has reasonable prices. Wolfgang Puck rocks! Will definitely come back on my next trip to Las Vegas.
5	We had the garlic chilli wings & 4 cheese ravioli ... Both yummy!!!
4	During our visit we had some down time after the pool and before the nights festivities that I thought I would get a small bite to eat.  A friend and I sat at the bar and shared 2 appetizers.  I originally thought we would get 3 but the first 2 were plenty of food.  The Crispy Fried Calamari with cucumber slaw was excellent.  The calamari was so tender and the breading was light.  I don't remember many details on the slaw that was with it because it was pretty bland.  Didn't matter to me though since the calamari was so good.  We also ordered the Mesquite Grilled Steak Skewers.  The steak was melt in your mouth good! I'm not a big fan of any type of sauce on steaks, but the house steak sauce complimented the meat!  There were 6-7 skewers on the place and the meat was a few bites per skewer.I wish we could have gone back for a full meal, but I will certainly head back there the next time I am in Vegas.  I had this place in mind for a late night snack because they are open until 6am, but we never made it.
4	The staff was very nice and attentive.  They have a great Caesar Salad,  with white anchovies.  The Ahi salad/app was excellent.  They also have a good kids menu.
5	my wife and I went here for dinner. you can not go wrong with their food! its very tasty very nice waiter but the food are expensive. if you have a date or celebrating an occasion this is a good place.
4	Great late night eatery.Was a little reluctant to try it. In the end I had not choice. Was starving at 11PM and didn't want to leave the hotel to get a bite to eat.Tried the burger and a flatbread pizza. They were both very delicious. Wolfgang Puck is known for his pizzas and the flatbread was totally up to that standard. It was very delicious. Also the burger was awesome. It was perfectly cooked. When I was ordering, I told the waitress I wanted the burger well-done and she recommeneded that I get it medium. I am so glad I went with her suggestion.At the MGM late at night, and your hungry. GO to Wolfgang
4	WOW....that was good food.Seriously. I have rarely been to any "celebrity name" restaurants before, but it was late and we'd been tearing down a booth after a tradeshow, so the boss thought we could use some food.I was pretty tired, so I tried one of the non-alcoholic drinks.I can't remember the name of it, but it was very tasty. (I think it was a tropical tea/pommegranite thing.)I had the chili chicken wings and a side order of the wild mushrooms. Holy fungi, Batman! That was AWESOME. They have late night food to DIE for! (and judging from the other reviews, the food is pretty reasonably priced.)If I'm in the MGM again, I will TOTALLY eat there!!!
5	This place is great. IT's open REALLY late. If your looking for somewhere to eat that's open late and note fast food this is it. When I asked they said they were open until 6am which is awesome. We went here for dinner before we went out and had pizza, wings, and a bottle of wine. the wings were amazing. They has a spicy sweet and sour sauce on them. The service was great our waiter was very diligent in coming by and pouring our wine whenever we were getting low even though he had many other tables. If your close to MGM and need a place to eat I would recommend here.
3	If you are staying at the MGM Grand or stopping in to gamble, this is a great place to eat. It isn't necessarily the swankiest restaurant the MGM/Vegas has to offer, but it does offer you great Wolfgang Puck food, attractive people and okay service. I ordered the beef skewers, which were amazing to say the least. The only reason I did not give it 4-5 stars was do to the fact that this is Vegas and there are high standards and many other amazing restaurants for the same price.
4	Breakfast Potatoes, I love you.So glad that we chose Wolfgang's over Studio Cafe for a leaving las vegas brunch/lunch. The service and the food quality here is top notch, and the decor is cool, with colorful decorated glass slabs separating the dining area. Seeing as it is just as reasonably priced for lunch as the $20/person buffet and the creepy diner looking Studio Cafe, I choose this any day. I'd prefer quality over quantity.Off the bat, the coffee is incredible. Just what you need to counteract all those vicious cocktails from days prior. The butter lettuce ceasar was fabulous with the aged foghorn bleu cheese, and we asked them to go easy on the dressing. It was still lively and flavorful while being light and delicate. The mushroom omelette, pretty good. Not the most incredible omelette I've tasted but it was up to snuff. Needed salt and hot sauce. The potatoes that come with it, however, were ridiculously amazing. Perfect crispy outer texture, lightly peppery, hot and soft inside. Soo good!!!
2	I really thought it was very average.  Wolfgang Puck is such an icon of great cuisine, but I'm just not impressed.  Partially my own fault.  I had one of the sides replaced with creamed spinach...  Which is supposed to be spinach with a little butter and cream.  Not butter and cream with a little spinach.  The food in general was so unnecessarily heavy, the creamed spinach was inedible.  The staff was very nice.
4	First off, tbh, I've only been here twice. But, both times I was happy with the quality of the food served to us. This place is located in the MGM Casino, but once you're inside, you kind of forget you're in a casino - unless, of course, you look out the glass things. They have a cool wood design thing around the exit, and the rest is very modern. White tables, glass almost everywhere. I really like it. There's almost always a wait for it, but so far, it's only been about 10 - 15 minutes for us until we're seated. Generally, everything on their menu is quite pricey. However, I feel like that's simply the cost for going to a celebrity chef's restaurant. The first time we were here, I got the salmon, which was flaky and good. However, even though it was really empty, our food took forever to get to our table! And to top it off, everything was cold! We were so disappointed. However, our waiter at that time was very courteous. The guy (a cute one, I might add) who brought our food to the table overheard us say we were there to have a dinner celebration for my grandma's birthday. We thought nothing further of it. He disappeared for a while, because he wasn't our waiter. However, at the end of the meal, he came back with a slice of a chocolate tart for us, with a lit candle stuck into it! We were so touched that he remembered (not to mention, it was free! )Our second time here, the food was way better. Their bread basket is a mixture of all kinds of things, including pretzel bread and carmelized onion topping square of fluffy bread. I was quite satisfied with the overall service, but I feel like the people who work here are quietly snobby. When I asked for another basket of bread (because our food was taking quite a while), the waiter made us repeat our request twice, with an incredulous expression. What? Just because a majority of the people there were pretty girls in short dresses doesn't mean I have to eat the tiny amount they pretend is enough for them. Just give me more bread without your judgement, please!My mother got the organic chicken with veggies and yukon mashed potatoes. Let me say, I still crave those veggies. I think they were butter sauteed. Whatever it was, it was soo delicious. The chicken was yummy, as well. I got the lasagna, because I was craving something filling. Though many people would be outraged at me ordering something so simple, I feel like it was well worth it. There's nothing typical about this lasagna. At first glance, I was quite miffed that I had got one small looking square. However, halfway through, I realized that through it was small, whatever was in it made it really hearty. I was full about halfway through.  Yummy!Another great thing : They're open until 6 am !
4	I really enjoyed the food at wolfgang puck.  The waitress was very helpful and told me about her favorite dishes, also--everything had a great combination of flavors.  For my dish I was a bit adventurous and decided to try the liver.  It was very good, but I found it to be a bit too large.  I was stuffed after eating about half!  I think they should make their portions a little smaller to really emphasize the great flavors of the dish.  My friends tried the flatbread pizza and the pasta with shrimp and olive oil.  They said that both were very good and flavorful as well.  I  was pretty impressed with the price point here for the high quality of food.  A great Vegas find!
4	With a gazillion places to choose from in a one mile radius, Wolfgang Puck's was really towards the end of my list. I'm a fan of Wolfie and all that but after eating at a couple of his spots, I foresaw the same old here at the MGM joint. I couldn't have been more wrong.I've found service in Vegas to be all over the dial. Great service at Guy Savoy's and Rao's of course, but there are the hidden gems like Michael's and YellowTail. Wolfgang's definitely makes the HG list!WHEN YOU GO- The place is open till 6 am on weekends and has an excellent early morning drink menu (it's Vegas- get your drink on 24/7). You can reserve, but the walk up wait was 5 minutes on a Saturday night at 8pm.
5	Awesome restaurant, great food friendly staff and group of 6 were seated timely. Pizzas and truffled potato chips with blue cheese were heavenly!!  This was actually our cheapest group meal, we split most meals bc it's was large servings
5	There are so many choices when dining in Vegas, but we also seem to come back here. This was our third time dining at this incredible restaurant. And, here's why - plain and simple - Great food even better service. A special thank you to Robert (and the entire staff) for being a great server and making us feel like the only ones in the packed restaurant. Started with a bottle of Wolf Gang Puck wine, then moved on to the antipasti plate, moved on to the mussels, and then a surprise dessert to celebrate our 9th anniversary. Thank you so much for such a great experience- and we will be back!!
3	It was the morning after a drunken night. Wolfgang Puck is known for their pizzas and pastas, but here we are trying to fight the hangover with anything else. It is located in the lobby of the MGM Casino. You are in the middle of the casino when dining here, so be prepared for the same smoke odor you get at the poker tables. This place is not known for breakfast food but here we are at the cusp of lunch, which is also when they open for the day. The best way to fight a hangover, oily food. A mistake, really, for this place at least.-=-Reuben-=- Not the greatest Reuben. It's a bit expensive for what you get. Rye is not the tastiest bread, but coupled with the tasteless meat cut of the corn beef and the overly spread mayonnaise, it's not gonna be good eatin for today. It was super oily for what it was. I probably wouldn't dine here again, but that famous name of familiarity will attract customers again and again.
1	The "famous"  truffle chips are glorified kettle chips and the blue cheese sauce is glorified salad dressing. After two bites you are done.....and regrettably have added $10 to your bill. Ordered their pork belly BLT, bread was stale and too thick to even bite and the pork belly wasn't crisp, felt like you were eating strips of jiggly fat. Gross. On a brighter note, my dirty martini was delicious.  Would not go here again or recommend, so many better places to eat in MGM, don't waste your $$$ on a crappy restaurant with a famous name.
5	When someone in our group suggested a Wolfgang Puck restaurant, I was worried that it would cost an arm and a leg. But on the website, it said the average tab per person is $31 to $50. That didn't sound too crazy, so I said OK.We had a group of about 12 and made a reservation in advance. Our table was ready to go when we got there. It's a beautiful restaurant. Lots of warm reds and yellows. Low lighting. Very intimate. My husband and I split a bottle of the house Cabernet, which was good. Then for an appetizer, we got the bruschetta with heirloom tomatoes. It was great! So fresh. Highly recommend!For an entree, I ordered the Grilled Pacific Salmon with bacon, potatoes, baby vegetables and some kind of mustard sauce. Wow! Such great flavor! There was not a morsel of food left on my plate. Not a morsel! My husband had the Organic Chicken, and he said that was good too. The service was great. Our waitress was very attentive and helpful. Even the bus boy was great with taking away plates. I had a really good experience here, and I felt like the food was priced right and was a good value. Check it out if you happen to be near the MGM.
5	A must eat place every time we are in Vegas. I've tried several dishes & am convinced they couldn't mess it up if they tried. The enviroment is lacking since it not closed off to the casino but the food makes up for it! !
1	We visited last week.  Be Warned! My husband's sister ordered a cheeseburger.  The waiter asked how she wanted it cooked and explained that "Medium" would be pink through-out.  She ordered the burger medium.  It took a very long time for our food to arrive and when it did, her burger was cooked very well done.  The waiter offered to have another burger made.  We had waited quite a while, and everyone was nearly done with their meals, all of us sharing with my sister-in-law whom still had no burger.  The waiter came by and my sister-in-law said to just cancel the order because we had already waited too long for it.  He said that he would take care of it.  A few minutes later, someone who appeared to be a manager came to the table delivering the burger we had already asked to be removed from the order.  My sister in law, frustrated at this point stated "No, I don't want it now".  The manager walked away.  A few minutes later I noticed the manager with a waiter standing in the middle of the restaurant pointing at our table and mocking my sister-in-law like a school yard bully.  I very discreetly informed our waiter that I thought it was highly inappropriate for his manager to behave in such a way.  Moments later the manager stormed up to our table and began raising his voice at me and scolding me for my "perception" about what had taken place.  He then went on to blame the whole incident on the waiter, who had done nothing wrong.  I won't be back.
4	We ate here before our Cirque show. We had a huge brunch so we just wanted a little something. We had a small wait...5-10 minutes. Promptly seated, the place was PACKED on a Saturday night at 8pm. Our server was very attentive, took our orders, brought our drinks. Pineapple mojito is AMAZING. The food took FOREVER...kitchen obviously couldn't handle a packed house. We ordered a buger, pizza and bowl of soup, took at least 30 minutes. Once it came it out, it redeemed itself. Not my first choice to eat in Vegas but when you're tired of walking and gambling, not a bad place to perch.
5	These people at Wolfgang Puck really can read minds. They know when to be at your table. Awesome service, awesome food
4	Food was good. Service was very good. Great bartenders. Lively ambience but very bright. Great for business dinners or informal get togethers.
3	Had lunch here with six of my coworkers today while in town for the LinkedIn Talent conference. The food was good (read: PORK BELLY BLT), our server was nice, drinks were brought out quickly and water was filled promptly. However, the service was SUPER slow. and I don't mean the kitchen was slow. I mean we all almost finished our drinks and then some, and our food order had still not been taken yet. And it was definitely not crowded at all while we were there. Open tables abound!We ate family style (cuz that's how we roll). Food rating:Sausage pizza: Good. Although we did not see actual sausage bits on it. Looked a lot like theSopresata pizza: Also good. Tasty!Fuji Apple salad: Pretty darn good. Crisp and light.Chips: AWESOMENESS. Covered in melty cheesy goodness with bleu cheese chunks and parsley. Nom Nom NomPork Belly BLT: The absolute shiznit. Orgasmically delicious. I deconstructed that bitch and ended up just eating the meat. Hella good! Almost good enough to earn Wolfgang another star, but my feet hurt from walking to and from the conference and all over McCarran airport, in 5 inch heels and I am not in a giving mood right now.Pineapple ginger mojito: Good, but I'd prefer theRaspberry lemon drop: Really good if lemon drops are your thing. They're not MY thing, but this one was pretty damn good (like how I like my men: strong, and able to quench my thirst).Our server was really really nice though, and accommodated us by splitting our bill three ways (for ease of company expensing later). Employees were nice and smiled and greeted us as we came/left. Overall, good experience. Had a good time with the work peeps - The only downside was the wait , so minus one star, especially because we ran the risk of being late to the first session of the conference. To be clear I started with four stars because the food overall was not so great to give it five.Three stars, covered in braised pork belly!
4	I've been to this restaurant twice. The food is fantastic. I would recommend it. My only issue on our last visit (Oct 5, 2012) would be the service. Our server was not good. She took my food order, & before I could get the words out, she walked away before I could even put in my drink order. I waited for her to come back so I could tell her, but she did not come back until we were finished eating. I should have asked one of the many people who brought out our food & cleared our plates, but I thought she would eventually come back...& since it was her job, I'd wait. She came to to give us the check. That is all. It's a good thing the food was good because the waitress was truly bad at her job.
5	Incredible.  Yeah the portions are smaller than most restaurants (who overfeed us anyway) but it is WORTH it.  My husband got the four cheese ravioli with meatballs and I ordered the White corn agnolotti with lobster and it was so delicious and unlike anything I had tasted before.  They were a delicate pasta with a hint of corn and truffles with tender pieces of lobster that melt in your mouth.  Absolutely mouth watering.  The bread the waiter brought was delightful, with an assortment of what I believe was French bread, sour dough, and a unique and tangy olive bread.  Not to mention the alluring atmosphere of a French street paired with "street" performers in the form of a flutist and violinist.  Very romantic and classy.Wolfgang puck lives up to his hype with this winner of a restaurant.
4	Why does Wolfgang have a restaurant in every hotel, I mean great chef but really?  Long overdue review from my Vegas trip last January.  It's an open restaurant so casino folks will be walking by you.  My gripe with that is the smoke, well you are in Vegas.  Calamari was good. Pizza was ok. Pineapple ginger mojito was good but needed more alcohol.  Service was good. Didn't bother us much despite staying there for a while.
4	Nice restaurant. Ordered the Truffle Potato Chips with Maytag Blue Cheese dipping sauce. I wished the sauce was served on the side but good none the less. We ordered two pizzas with the intention of sharing.(They are very big for one serving I thought). My wife had a Roasted Chicken, House BBQ Sauce, Corn, Pasilla Peppers, Red Onions, Cilantro and I had the Prosciutto, Kalamata Olives, Oven Dried Tomatoes, Basil Pesto, Goat Cheese. Both were good but I preferred mine. Before the appetizer was brought out, we were given some very tasty bread. Two pieces had Caramelized Onions on it...mmmmmm!Due to the size of the pizzas, much was wasted and there was no room for dessert. The service was exceptional. Definitely worth the money
5	Everything was great. The drinks, food and service were all perfect, and the cost wasn't too high. Highly recommended!
4	As MGM's option for a cafe, Wolfgang's teeters on a casual and upscale dining experience. The completely open restaurant has few obstructions on the inside or from the outside. Too bad the people that wander by do not make for good people watching. The food is delicious, but what made it better was the overall service. At points they were inattentive, but the complete experience was not bad. The fact that we shared everything and did not have to ask for anything to be split or an extra plate was amazing. They served our crab cakes, burger, and kabocha pumpkin agnolotti pasta as separate items for us. That simple gesture was impressive to me. The crab cake came in an order of four. The light mixture of tomatoes and basil enhanced the sweetness of the crab well. The burger was salty. It is not a knock your socks off type of ordeal. The pasta was my favorite. The kabocha resembles a butternut squash and takes on the flavor of the brown butter sage sauce. The toast hazelnuts adds a much needed textural variation. We ended our meal with the chocolate beignets. NOT A BEIGNET! It is more of a chocolate lava cake doughnut hole. They are good if you look at them like that, but as a beignet they failed.
4	Im not normally a Wolfgang Puck fan.  From the Canadian perspective, Wolfgang Puck is the epitome of failure in the restaurant industry.  His restaurant in the GTA failed, his line of soups can oven be found in the clearance bins at the grocery store, and his line of over-priced sandwiches in airports are a joke.So when a salesrep offered to take me to Wolfgang Pucks Bar & Grill I was a little trepidatious.Its a very open concept restaurant in the heart of the gaming floor near the Cirque du Soleil store.  We were looking for a casual dining experience and that's what we got.As an appetizer we started off with mac and cheese and a house salad shared across the table.  The Mac and cheese was awesome.  The cheese was creamy with a distinct flavour.  If my 6 year old were present even he would have loved it.For the entree I had the wood-fired chicken pizza.  I picked it because it had a number of veggies on the pizza as well.  It tasted good going down.  The portion size was quite filling.  I couldn't finish the last slice.This visit left me with my opinion of Wolfgang Puck increasing favourably.
5	I had a great lunch here Monday! The service was friendly, the food was perfect and the atmosphere was fun. I had the Reuben sandwich with potato salad. The meat was flavorful and the potato salad was light and tasty. I especially liked the ginger-lime iced tea.
4	Dear Wolfgang, I will dream of the truffle chips with blue cheese until my next return where I plan on dropping my suitcase whenever I shall be staying and beeline for your restaurant some can have them. The mussels we unbelievable and I now feel challenged to try and master the fine art of cooking them so I can try to relive my dinner. I would give you five stars much you wine list kind of made me said in terms of variety and price. Did not stop me from enjoying two glasses of red wine. Save a seat for me.
4	I was highly surprised by how good Wolfgang Puck's Bar and Grill was.  So much so that we came here 3 times in our 5 day, 4 night stay.  Obviously it's a little on the pricier side because it's Wolfgang Puck but I thought the flavors were super good and consistent.  We definitely paid for quality and taste.  Actually, the portion sizes were generous as well.The first time here, my friend and I ordered the Pork Belly BLT and the Garlic-Chili Glazed Wings.  Holy hell.  Both were really good.  The BLT was delicious especially with the use of arugula instead of typical lettuce and the pork belly was very flavorful.  Even though it was good, I still felt like it was lacking something.  Maybe a stronger sauce or more pork belly?  Not sure.  But the pasta that came with it was lackluster, next time I would ask them to sub it out with fries or something.  We barely touched it, better to save our calories for more tequila ;)As for the garlic-chili wings, they were really yummy and good-sized wings.  I liked the flavor on them.  So much so that we ordered them again after our night at Tabu Lounge.  One of my friends got a different salad each time she went and she really enjoyed them.  My favorite was the Caesar salad with no white anchovies.  The cheese that accompanied it was potent but in such a good way :P  We were able to split the salad three ways no problem :)I can't say anything about the drinks since we didn't order any but the service was very good as they consistently refilled our water glasses.  I guess they know us drunkies are dehydrated :P  I would definitely come back to try some of their other fare on the menu.
5	Great food and decent prices!  Go for the pork belly BLT-it rocks!  Also, tried the homemade potato chips with gorg cheese this time and it was awesome.  Although I love gorg cheese and there is a lot. Big portion too!  My boyfriend couldn't stop raving about the pork belly.  Bartender was pretty friendly once we got him talking, didn't seem too into his job though.
4	Ate here for lunch after spending the morning at the pool.  Overall it was very good.  Enjoyed the crab cakes and one of the pizzas.
4	Came here with coworker.  Ordered calimari (big portion!), maryland crab cakes, and the angus burger.  We both ordered medium, but his was much more pink than mine, so we asked to be cooked more.  They brought out a whole new burger and fries.  Good service!  Food was fine.
5	I absolutely LOVE this restaurant.  It's not fancy, but the food is A+.  I come to Vegas every year and EVERY year we make it a point to go to Wolfgang Puck.  The service is superb, the waiters accomodate any requests.  I usually split a salad, and they are happy to give us two plates.  There is nothing at all that I could criticize with this place.  A MUST visit if you're in or near MGM, you won't be disappointed.
5	After playing craps for a few hours and into the morning hours, I found myself starving around 1am and went into the Wolfgang Puck restaurant at the hotel. I will admit I was drinking while playing craps so my memory of the discussion with the waiter may be a bit skewed but I do remember him telling me what were the best gluten free menu items.They did not have a gluten free menu but the waiter was able to tell me what items were safe.I settled on the flank steak and mashed potatoes. I gotta say the flank steak was delicious. Cooked to a medium perfection that I love and flavored extremely well, I remember enjoying every bite of this dish. I cleaned my plate for sure.Unfortunately, I don't remember the whole visit at the restaurant and do not remember if I asked the normal questions to our waiter but I felt fine after the visit and didn't have any sickness problems after dining at Wolfgang Puck.
5	Where can you get delicious gourmet food after 2 am on the strip? You'd think it's easy, but hey, most restaurants close. This place serves some very tasty albeit pretty pricey food at hours that no one can really complain about.The burger here is still the best I've ever had - albeit I'll admit that it's a combination of timing and taste. The steak sandwich is ridiculously delicious as well. And Wolfgang has never disappointed with their pizza either.I was going to rate it 4 stars because it's pricey, but realistically, what else do you expect out of a restaurant inside of a decent casino? Convenience has its price.
4	My boyfriend and I went to dinner here last night and we weren't disappointed. We ordered the Tuna Tartare and Crab Cakes as appetizers. The tuna was very fresh and delicious. The portion was a good size for us to share. The crab cakes were good as well, but not the best I've had. I would still recommend them if you're a crab fan though!I ordered the beef short rib ravioli and really enjoyed it! It was served with a delicious sauce and was topped with some delicious vegetables. I love my veggies! I had a delicious passion fruit iced tea and my glass was never empty. Our servers were very attentive.My boyfriend ordered the Beef Short Rib entree and it was tender and flavorful. The portion was a very good size, so we were both quite full after our entrees. Despite this, we decided to give their desserts a try. We ordered the Pineapple Upside Down Cake, but it was way too sweet for my taste. The sorbet it was served with did help tone it down a bit, but it was still too sweet for me. This is a place I may have to visit again.
4	Had lunch here today. The food is amazing. We got the following: crab cakes- it was amazing! The sizes were small,but ok as an appetizer. The green sauce it was provided with was amazing.Cheese pizza- the ingredients were very fresh. Simple yet nice.Spaghetti - very simple dish, yet amazing taste.Salad with apples, aragula, spiced almond and dates - awesome! The best of what we got.The service was mediocre. They were very polite but we had to wait for giving our order, then wait again for our drinks and water and more for them to check on us.
4	Everything was on here. Consistently good food. Good service. And affordable price. The only issue is that you even though it is a non-smoking restaurant you are likely to still get a whiff of smoke from the casino since it is not an enclosed restaurant
3	Good pizza and pasta.  Nice atmosphere.  Solid but nothing special.
5	We went here the next day and the same to report.  Consistent quality and a good price.
4	This place is located in MGM hotel and is open much later than everything else.  It is also more reasonably priced.  I ordered cheese pizza and chicken soup.  Pizza was great, not oily and had bits of fresh oregano.  Chicken soup was definitely made from scratch.  I enjoyed that as well.  Service was good, although late at night they do get busy.  This is a great place to stop by and eat, especially if you are not looking to spend tons of money, but don't want fast food.  Decor is nice and resteraunt is clean:)
4	This restaurant wins all around.The staff share the responsibility of all tables, so you are never begging for attention...or more of your beverage.The food was yummy (we had a pizza, the crispy tuscan potatoes and a caesar salad)!The design/layout is great.  It felt like you were in a swanky loft in NYC...normal kitchen islands, cabinetry, etc.All of these for very reasonable prices.  Our total bill was less than $50, and that included 2 non-alcoholic (boooooring) drinks on top of the food mentioned.Great place to eat if you're on the strip and hungry for a sit-down dinner with quality food!
5	One of my must-go-to places when I'm in vegas.Loves: - Flat iron steak- Rib eye- Chinois salad
4	We picked this place while at the hotel to see Cirque. There were 4 of us and we all really enjoyed our meals. Someone at the table ordered the mussels and it was a great big serving... I ordered a special ravioli and loved it. It was a good meal.
5	Ended up here while looking for a diner type place at the MGM casino. Liked the "bar food" variety on their menu so decided to give it a shot even though most entrees were priced at around $25, pizzas around $15 so not too bad. It's fenced off but open to the casino, which is nice. It was an upscale-casual vibe (if that's possible). The service was impeccable! Truly. Meatball pizza as an app was delicious and I've had some serious pizza in Chi-town and NYC. It took about 15 minutes to get the pizza, which we expected, but as soon as it came out the manager came right up to us, apologized for the delay on our pizza, and immediately told us that they would be buying us dessert (we were a group of 4). Not one of us knew what delay he spoke of, we just sort of froze at the mention of free dessert, which i'm not a big sweets person, but free is free. I had the steak skewers...UH-Amazing taste and texture. The garlic chili wings were good, but they seemed more teriyaki glazed to me. The truffle potato chips were great for blue cheese lovers. The short rib was fantastic as was the flat iron steak with fries. Oh, the fries were incredible. Hot and crispy, and stayed like that for a while. We decided to share two desserts in case they were too big. We were super stuffed because we had already ordered all of our food before we knew we would be getting the free dessert. We chose the banana banouffee(?) and the pineapple upsidedown dessert, both were topped wtih homemade ice creams and syrups. Believe me when I say that these desserts were the most amazing creations to ever hit my tounge. They were just beyond description! Yes, both of them! I've had so-called good desserts before at places like Ferrara's and Serendipity in NYC before, but those places were just generic, processed, super market ice cream compared to Wolfgang's creations. They really were unbelieveable. I cannot wait to go back to this place, and the great thing is that it stays open til about 6am I think! We paid about $200 for 4 people.
4	Food was good and ambience was good and inside our hotel which came in handy.  The MGM Grand has good taste having this restraunt onsite.  The chicken and the pizza were good for the price.
3	i stayed at the MGM so we had dinner at one of the hotels restaurant, we decided on wolfgang puck...it was about 3/4 full on a saturday night, we got to walk in w/o reservations...that was very helpful since we had a party of 10...the bread basket was one of the best parts of my meal...they give u 3-4 differ types of bread...i got to try the pizza which was OK but def didnt make my list of favorites...the clam linguine had some thick pieces of thick bacon...i think there was too much bacon which made the pasta dish too salty but thats a personal preference...i'm sure some people would enjoy it more than me....i got the mushroom aglotoni pasta...nice consistency, mild in flavor and decent amount of wild mushrooms so this was one of the best picks on the evening...service was a bit slow...we had to constantly flag down our server to request for refills, other condiments, etc... the server seemed like she was being busy running around to other tables so she wasnt being lazy...but the fact that we had to be the ones flagging her down multiple times rather than she just coming to check in on us once in a while made the dinner experience less appetizing...prices are not bad for being inside a major casino....i wouldnt mind coming back again..overall well rounded restaurant....i do like the mgm hotel so i will see you again soon mr.wolfgang
5	I have to say, there are two items on this menu that come to mind.Number one, the spaghetti and meatballs.  Four meatballs, and a nice portion of al dente spaghetti (Not a huge plate, but not a little tiny amount like some of the restaurants on the strip).  I'm not gonna lie, the dish is very comforting.  It's rare to find dishes like this at hoity toity (sp?) strip restaurants.Number two, the octopus salad.  The dressing is some sort of lime and chili concoction I believe.  Delicious well thought out appetizer.  Good food if you are near crystals, you can get a decent meal and leave feeling full.  I like that!
3	Typical Vegas overpriced restaurant.  The food was great, but the prices were pretty high for what you are getting.  The pizzas are good and the service is pretty good as well.  I know high prices are expected in Vegas, but come on.
5	Never have had a bad meal here. everytime we come we get truffle chips & the prime rib burger with vermont  cheese both delicious. service has always been great.
5	Best Chicken Salad Sandwich!!
4	Great food (the ravioli and carrot cake in particular), and great service.  I came with a group of 20 or so for a work dinner, and we were well looked after and had a lovely meal.It's right in the middle of the casino, and quite open, which makes it feel more like a spot you'd pop into rather than a destination, but the food and service beg to differ.
3	Reliable place for good eats.  I had the chicken salad sandwich which was nice and flavourful.  Service was kind of apathetic, which disappointed me a tad, especially since the place wasn't that busy.  However, it's nice to have a dependable option for food on the Strip when your party can't come to a decision within a reasonable time frame!
2	Staying at the mgm, I decided to grab a late lunch here, for I hadn't eaten all day and was starving.  I sat at the bar and ordered a pizza which was very good.  However, the sevice was subpar at best, not something I would expect from a place like this.  The bartender ( a cute female) took my order, refilled my tea (after asking me what it was - I guess with a whole 6 people at the bar, its hard to remember what everyone is drinking), and that was the only interaction the entire hour I was there.  Not once did anyone check on me to ask how the food was or if I needed anything.  I know this sounds critical, but when you are paying $25 for a pizza at lunch, I dont think its too much to ask if everything is good and if I needed anything.  Some parmesean cheese would have been nice, but hey, I ate the pizza anyway.  Bottom line, sit at a table if you are eating here, for it looked like ths servers were very attentive.
3	Tricky Tricky Mr. Puck...I stopped by to eat with some friends while staying at the MGM Grand. It is one of the more visually pleasing restaurants in the hotel. But Ah! Don't be fooled by the fancy shmancy set up.  The design/layout is what lures you in, but the food and service don't coincide with the "ooh lala" look and feel of the restaurant.Roasted Chicken Pizza (Roasted Chicken, House BBQ Sauce, Corn, Pasilla Peppers, Red Onions, Cilantro):http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=H5RWZB8RrQoK6RevxxDAzw&userid=B8CqppjOne8X4RSJ5KYOvQ*I thought this pizza was good, but it wasn't above average. The crust was too hard for my taste and the BBQ sauce was overwhelming after awhile. I can usually fit about 3 (or 4 or even 5 on a good day) slices of pizza in my belly but I got tired after 1 and 1/2. That is so not like me. Even my boyfriend said, "You don't want anymore?" with a surprised look on his face. lol He knows I love me some pizza pie!Apple PIe (Oatmeal Crumble, Cinnamon Ice Cream, Caramel Sauce):*The oatmeal crumble was a nice touch, but I didn't love the crust or the apple filling. I've had better. The cinnamon ice cream was good.http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=qSKv1xTclyWYmPZo2iylKg&userid=B8CqppjOne8X4RSJ5KYOvQThe service is what really ruined the experience for me. We spent a lot of time waiting, especially for the food and for the check at the end of the meal. Our waitress wasn't very friendly either. It bothers me when waiters or waitresses just take their time dilly dallying like the rest of us don't have things to do. I needed to get ready for the David Copperfield show dammit! lol Overall, not the best but it's okay.
5	Stopped by here late night to get take out. I was starving but wanted to get straight to bed. Ordered the burger medium and it was fantastic. Thick patty, garlic aioli, and melted cheese (not sure what kind). And, the fries were perfect. Once the staff realized we had just gotten married (hence the wedding dress) they tossed in free dessert. The oatmeal cookies were some of the best I've ever had. Not a cheap late night eat, but well worth it!
4	I had the burger I must say it was very tasty the fries are thin and were perfect as well. The Cesar salad I had was just ok.I will be eating here again my next visit to Vegas. I give the staff five stars quick & friendly.
5	Amazing food at reasonable prices
4	So what's the first thing you do when you land in Vegas at 2:00 am? Gamble? Strip club? No! You go eat because Vegas has become a haven for foodies within the last ten years (and because you're a bit of a chunky monkey who thinks about food first). Anyway, fast forward to us driving around with both our phones tuned to the Yelp! app to find a good place to eat. Thankfully we skipped the likes of IHOP and Denny's near the airport to find a Wolfgang Puck's restaurant open 24/7 in the MGM. Yeah that's right, forget the little sandwich delis that used to be the only place a gambler could get a late-night bite in a casino, it's now all celebrity chefs and gourmet food.The restaurant is terraced slightly higher than the gambling floor, but has a completely open view so you can munch away and do some people watching at the same time. The menu had several good options, but we decided on the Truffle Potato Chips and Wood Oven Mushroom pizza. The truffle potato chips are crazy good; fresh fried potato chips that are still warm drizzled with a super rich blue cheese sauce and topped with with bits of truffle. How can you read that description and not start to salivate? The pizza was also solid.Bottom line, whether you're commiserating after having just lost a fortune or are a gourmand on a late-night munchie quest, my buddy Wolfgang won't disappoint you.
4	Came here for a late dinner one night after we came back from touring the Grand Canyon. I really like the decoration of the venue, really reminded me of Malibu. There's a certain fusion feeling to the dishes they offered and a very cali-vibe. I had the mussles and my friend had the Chinese salad. We both really like our entrees. Portions were huge--but that's because the dishes are also pricey. I wished my mussles didn't come with the frieds--it was pretty heavy. Otherwise, the taste was great. Great great service!
5	Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill's are hands down the most dependable "fancy" places to eat in a pinch.  Most of whats on the menu is familiar (and I mean that in a good way) and done to perfection.  Had the best cesar salad of my life here.  Quality whole sardines, a beautiful bleu cheese generously crumbled on top and perfect dressing.
1	Wolfman Puke!!Salad was spoiled to deterioration and waiter was overwhelmed. NEVER again!
4	This is the best place to relax and have an amazing sandwich.
4	This is the place to go late night eats....and a nice place vs a hole in the wall. Try the truffle blue cheese chips....mmmm yummy. The crab cakes I thought were ok....Now the pizza is surprisingly good....get any of the choices.
5	So delicious!After being told there was an hour wait, we were pleasantly surprised to be seated after only 15 minutes. The staff is very friendly, and the restaurant is beautiful. Cocktails are overpriced, but what do you expect in Vegas?We had the truffle potato chips with blue cheese sauce. It was very rich, unusual, and delicious. If you like blue cheese, I highly recommend trying these.My husband had the grilled steak skewers as an entree, while I had the organic chicken. The steak was tender, flavored well, and the coleslaw was fresh and tasty. The organic chicken was beautiful, not just in presentation but also in terms of taste. The mashed potatoes and vegetables were the perfect match but the crispy, light chicken.Overall, we had a great experience and I would definitely go back.
5	I have to say this is one of the best meals we have ever had. Our party of 6 was seated quickly.... in the private wine room to our surprise. We had a water waiter, a bread waiter and a waiter to take our order. Service was OUTSTANDING! My salmon was perfect and my husbands pizza was great! We had to try the mac and cheese ...we shared it with the whole group! Everyone was impressed with the meal. Best thing about it was we spent 3 hours visiting laughing and enjoying our meal and not once did we feel like we were being pressured to leave so they could flip the table. It was a 290.00 meal and that included the required tip. Worth every penny!!
1	Was in Vegas this weekend with friends for a birthday celebration and we decided Sunday to have lunch at Wolfgang Pucks restaurant at MGM. I'd never eaten at a Wolfgang Puck restaurant so I was excited to try it out.  Sad to say I'll probably never eat at a Wolfgang Puck restaurant again.  We all enjoyed our food, but the service was HORRIBLE. It started with our waiter basically throwing the drink menu on the table. When he came back, the first thing he said was "do you have any questions?"  How about your name?  Luckily we were ready to order so he took it and then we waited, and waited, and waited. It took almost an hour from when we sat down till we received our food.  The tables around us all got their food before us, even tables that sat down after us.  One table sat down after us, ordered, ate AND paid before we got our food.  At one point the waiter came by and my friend asked him where our food was and he said it would be right out.  I was getting ready to go find the manager to ask about our food when the manager came to us.  He said our food was being plated as he spoke, but it still took another 5 minutes for it to arrive.  After the manager talked to us, our waiter barely came by our table; he wouldn't even make eye contact when he walked by.  He did manage to clear my drink glass, but didn't bother to ask me if I wanted another one.  After the wait we'd had, I would have taken a second drink, but I guess he didn't want us to linger.  It was also disappointing that the manager didn't bother to compensate us for the long wait and crappy service.  We're not sure why the manager came to us, but clearly he knew something was wrong. How about trying to make it right?  If he had, I probably wouldn't be writing this review.
5	Two late nite breakfasts that were excellent. Great service and great food.
3	I ate lunch at Bar & Grill on Thursday during the first day of the NCAA tourney.  I sat at the bar, which was served by a single bartender.  She appeared to be VERY busy to the point I think they should have had someone else over there.  But, for the most part, she managed.  I didn't have to wait on water refills or anything like that.  But, she was in need of some help I think.I had the BBQ chicken panini with fries.  On the side, I requested the maytag blue cheese sauce they served with their potato chip appetizer.  The sandwich was very good, and large.  The onions were caramelized nicely and the sauce was more sweet, but didn't totally lack for flavor.  I prefer things a little spicier.  The fries were thin and had herbs sprinkled on them.  They needed salt and pepper, and were really good when those were added.  Large order.The maytag blue cheese sauce is crazy good.  They clearly just made it, as the bowl was warm and there were still a couple of chunks of cheese that hadn't melted.  The blue cheese flavor comes through and the herbs they add complement it well.  This is an excellent dipping sauce, get it if you come.  They charged me $3.33 for it, which was fine, but I was not told that when I ordered it.  So, that was surprising to find on the bill, but it's worth it.  I just would prefer they mention it when I ordered it.The beer selection left a lot to be desired.  Only 6 on tap.
3	In Vegas it's never too late for dinner or for a meal.  I think it was about 11pm by the time we ate and they were ready to feed us.  The food itself isn't anything that would stand out, I had the salmon and I wouldn't say it was great or bad, it was just okay.  Nothing much to say aside from I satisfied the hunger that I had.
5	Great service great food.
3	The food is good. C'mon, it's Wolfgang Puck! I honestly haven't ever had a bad meal at any of his restaurants (I've been to many). And, it's absolutely true here.We started with the truffle potato chips with maytag blue cheese sauce. These were a little light on the truffle oil but they made up for it in blue cheese. There was plenty of chips on the plate for the two of us to share.My wife thoroughly enjoyed her grilled salmon which was moist and flaky. I had the flat iron steak which was very tender and cooked perfectly. I savored each bite with a little of the maytag blue cheese sauce left over from the potato chips. Delish!The staff is friendly and very efficient. Our server was smiling all the time. Unfortunately, she also didn't check back on us after we started our meal (she showed up immediately after we were served to make sure it "looked" okay).Maybe I hold Puck to higher standards but this restaurant and meal wasn't particularly memorable. I was expecting outstanding and got good. Most of the time that's good enough for four stars. But not a pricey high-profile celeb chef restaurant in Vegas. It's a very solid three.
3	This place is ok. We sat at the bar and had appetizers and bloody marys. We had the fried calamari and antipasti platter. The platter needs a few more slices of bread to break up all the tasty meat. The calamari and dipping sauce were fantastic. A bit overpriced, but so is Vegas now a days.
5	We were going to stop at Shibuya but it wasn't open till 5pm and we didn't want to wait another hour. Obviously a Wolfgang Puck establishment seemed like a good alternative. An excellent choice. Very rustic style inside which makes you feel quite comfortable and cozy regardless of your attire (now don't go wife-beater, mullet, croc crazy on me). I ordered the steak skewere and they were well seasoned and tasty. The creamy slaw underneath was extremely fresh and delicious. My lady had the grilled salmon and she said it was the best meal she had in Vegas - I think that says it all as we stopped at a lot of great places during out trip. Definitely worth checking out if you are in the MGM Grand!
5	Hands down the best meal we had in Vegas.  My wife had the Wild Mushroom Agnolotti w/ Sweet Peas.  She couldn't stop raving about the dish.  I had the Linguini w/ Manila Clams.  Loaded w/ garlic and chunks of pancetta with a little chili for kick.  Delicious!Service was exemplary.  My wife raised her hand during our conversation and the manager came over to see if she needed anything.  That's service.Love the space IF you are seated in the right direction.  Only negative is that some sight lines look right out on the casino floor.  When I dine, I'd rather have a break from the slot machines.I highly recommend the Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill at the MGM Grand.  We'll definitely go back.
3	I like this place personally.  However, I've seen several people not eat what they were served.  That's a bad sign.  I noticed one patron who got an undercooked hamburger and left half of it uneaten.  I also noticed one patron who got tough steak skewers.  For the price, they really should have better consistency.  However, I've always enjoyed my meal.  The space is a bit cramped at the bar.  It seems the space wasn't well planned.  Casinos need more bar space as there are a lot more single patrons.  It's like casino planners think the more slots they have the more customers they will have.  I've never seen a person choose (from the dozens of places to go) the venue based on the number of available slots (there are always hundreds available).  However, my friends and I usually start the night off with a meal, so the better the restaurant choices, the more likely we'll start off there.
4	We love Wolfgang pucks. The food is so tasty, I had the Chinese Chicken salad it has a hint of wasabi which made it delicious. My son is a hamburger critic and he stated it was the best burger he ever had and believe me hes had many. We also enjoyed the desserts the creme brule and Chocolate molton cake.
4	Elevating a simple (and slightly old school) dish to something special definitely wins brownie points in my books, and that's what this place does well.I had the Chinois salad with candied cashews, shredded chicken, cabbage, ginger and soy dressing (and normally wontons, but not for me), and while I was hoping (and expecting) it to be decent, it much surpassed my expectations. The presentation was stunning and the flavours all worked together beautifully. In addition, one of my fellow diners shared her truffled potato chips which was one of the most decadent and addictive things I've ever tried. Unreal. Finally, we shared the chocolate souffle for dessert, which was light and airy but also more than satisfied my sweet tooth. Everyone else was very happy with their dishes, especially the pizzas.The service was impeccable and the atmosphere was sophisticated without being stuffy or pretentious. You are in the middle of the MGM casino but somehow the dividers and the atmosphere of the restaurant itself doesn't make you feel like you're among rows of slot machines and blackjack tables. For the quality of the food and the service, the price point is very reasonable. Definitely worth checking out on a future visit.
3	This place is a bit expensive but all our entrees were great. You have to try the rare tuna. Unfortunately our waiter was horrible. After waiting nearly an hour for a check or refill, we managed to track him down chatting with a table of friends. Hey I understand he is trying hard to get a date, but not at the expense of blowing off the rest of his tables. Like the rest of MGM Grand, this place lacks customer service.
5	We walked all the way from The Palazzo.  We saw MGM, it was right there, apparently several MILES away.  Walking was a bad idea but certainly built up our appetite.We had lobster cakes, superbly presented and tasted just as good as it looked.Then we had a pizza with meat, lots and lots of meat!So good, just the right amount of toppings - not sparse at all!We really enjoyed our lunch here, although pricey for lunch, it is Wolfgang's spot.The service was excellent!  Our server even offered to take a picture of us and filled our empty water bottles with fresh water.Would definitely go back!
5	The Pizza's are amazing! The waitress who served us was brilliant, I was their 12th April or maybe 13th, who knows it, it's Vegas, easy to get lost, she was constantly on the go, fast paced, very friendly and helpful. Didn't catch her name, but she was of Asian dissent, maybe Japanese parent/s, not sure and apologies if i'm wrong but if you get her then your in for some brilliant service, plus she was gorgeous!
3	The food was very good and priced well, would have given 4 stars if the waiter had been a little more interested in his job rather than flirt with the hostess.
4	For Vegas food/price/taste ratio, this place gets 4 stars. Came for dinner, crowded but they had a table. The staff was SO NICE. Everyone greeted us, smiled, etc. My friend and I ordered the Thai Chicken Salad for $16. It was HUGE and very good. Great chicken, nice flavor, good shredded greens. Very good salad. My other friend ordered the burger which was also HUGE and very very good. Good quality beef, bun, cheese, etc. The prices were so reasonable especially in comparison to most other places in Vegas, and the food was pretty damn good.
5	Just before heading to Cirque du Soleil Ka.We were excited to finally taste his food. The famous Wolgang Puck! The guy's name alone is awesome. IMO, it was the best meal of our trip so far. Here is what we ordered:1. Spicy Tuna Tartare, Avocado, Pickled Ginger, Cucumber, Crisp Sesame Wontons2. Truffled Potato Chips, Maytag Blue Cheese Sauce3. Agnolotti with Asparagus, Smoked Ham, Fresh Ricotta and Parmesan4. Fish of the day (halibut) with sweet corn puree, blue crab and lobster cause americaine.Everything was amazing and the service was super good.  The only shortfall is that it's a bit loud because it's located on the casino floor. But the food was so food you really don't notice it too much.
5	My Fiance and I love this place!!! We've been here so many different times and love how unique the dishes are. I recently had the spring pea tortellini and loved it. It was definitely different and light. Definitely worth eating here if you've never been. PLus their open till 6 am
5	I visit this Wolfgang Puck everytime I come to Las Vegas (whish is about 5-10 times a year).  I have been to other Wolfgang at different city and this one is the best.  Their Chinese Chicken Salad is the best.  Sandwich is also great.  This is one of my favorite place for lunch in Las Vegas.
5	Thanks again Yelpers. I wouldn't have tried a celebrity restaurant inside a casino but SO glad I did. We had outstanding service - not distracting but never lacked for anything, plus friendly. Our table ordered a salad, a burger & fries and a pizza. All were flavorful & delicious and generous portions.  A good price & a fun place, good people watching too.
4	Great location if you are waiting for a show (Ka to be exact)....  We had about an hour to spare and sat at the bar...ordered a couple martinis and decided to get a few apps.- The Ahi Tuna and the to 'DIE FOR' Blue Cheese truffle chops.... (I had read about them both on Yelp!)   Wolfgang is a genius for dreaming up those chips... I wished i want sharing them.  I gave it a 4.... but the chips get a 5!
5	I was pleasantly surprised by this restaurant. EVERYTHING was good!!! Even the water was the best water we had ever tasted which sounds crazy but true. I would definitely dine here again.
2	Came here with a group of 6 for a very late dinner (11-ish PM).  The service was really slow, and the food was just so-so.  Everyone mutually agreed that it could have been better.  I personally ordered the spaghetti and meatballs because I was told that its great (by someone who was with me, and also ordered the same).  We both felt like it was just okay, nothing to write home about.  He even said that it tasted much better the last time he ordered it.  Maybe a new chef? Maybe new management? Whatever the case is, this restaurant didnt live up to my expectations.  Will I be back, probably.  Only because this restaurant is open late, and is in the casino of the hotel that we stay at most often.
5	Blood orange mojito, Blue cheese truffle potato chips, chopped salad and the pizza was excellent!! But....by any means necessary get the chocolate beignets for desert....OMG! Awesome!!!!!
4	I was torn... I'm thinking 3.5 stars, but decided to go for the 4This place was not bad by any means, but because I just haven't tried much to really know if it gets that 4, and why I was torn.We needed a quick bite before hitting the road, and we stopped here. I got a turkey club sandwich. It was really good, but I'm not sure there is much you can do to make that really stick out and showcase a restaurant. But in the end, I can still remember parts of that sandwich that caught my attention. Bread was toasted so that it was the right combination of crispy and soft (not scratching up your mouth), and it was thick enough to get a mouthful without making it impossible to eat. Good balance of meats to non-meat ingredients.Might have to go back and try other stuff, but for a quick bite before hitting the road, totally reasonable stop.
4	OK, so I tagged along with my wife on a business trip to Vegas and she scored me an invite to a company dinner. Wahoo!As you may expect, this place was pricey and delish. Can't complain about anything having to do with the restaurant. Staff as very friendly and helpful, food was delish and the ambience was perfect for a fun night, even for a business dinner.They had some cool and unusual drinks... this won't be much help, but I got an unique mojito that was very good. It's on the menu, or at least was. Boy, am I drinking now too? Sheesh. Sorry to be of little help here. I'm trying to catch up on my Yelping and this isn't quite as fresh in my memory as it was before the four Sailor Jerry and Coke Zeros I've consumed. Just joshing. I'm still on my first one, but it's not helping my memory!In a nutshell, this place good. Go.
5	Great place and enjoy the modern look of the place. We placed reservations and were sat as soon as we got there. My order:Truffled Potato ChipsRoasted Chicken PizzaWhite Sauvignon BlancThe Truffled Potato chips were amazing. Covered in chunks of bleu cheese and warm bleu cheese dressing they were prepared perfectly. I'd go here again just to have these!The Roasted Chicken pizza was great. The chicken was moist and the corn on the pizza was something you don't see every day. It reminded me of a BBQ chicken pizza/Mexican Pizza. You should definitely try one of the pizzas here and there is another one I want to try when I come back here next.Our waiter was great! He had knowledge of the menu and was just overall great! Cups never empty and he checked regularly on us.Portions were nice size didn't leave room for dessert this time around. Maybe next time I will!!You should definitely check this place out and it's next to the theatre where you can see the show KA.
3	Okay-- I am writing my review strictly on the bar area. I went there on a Wednesday night after watching KA. This was probably my mistake.I could not get anywhere near this bar to get a drink. It was like a straight bum rush to the bar. The bartenders looked a little overwhelmed.It was not even worth trying. I am sure they make great drinks here and I would love to come back and get a drink that was made without a rush. I would also like to sit and enjoy it. Maybe they should put up a cattle guard for all of the people leaving the show and only allow a few at a time.
4	Good pizza good salads ..great place for lunch..
4	We stopped here for dinner before heading to the David Copperfield show. We showed up at 5:30pm on a weekday and were seated right away. Our server answered all of our questions about the menu and had great suggestions for food and drink pairings.We had the organic chicken and the crispy chicken milanese. Both dishes were very delicious! The chicken in both dishes was cooked perfectly, it was moist and full of flavor. The crispy chicken was just as described, crispy and delicious. It was served with a grain mustard sauce which was a perfect complement to the chicken and salad it came with.The staff was friendly and knowledgeable, but the service was slow. We gave ourselves plenty of time in order to make our show and we still cut it a little close. Our dishes were still delivered hot and we never had to ask for refills, so overall I can't complain too much. We still made our show in time and had a wonderful dinner. I will definitely be back to this location again.
3	------------LATE NIGHT ONLY----------If you're super hungry and you left Hakksan way too early (because it wasn't great), then this is located in the MGM and you can eat your heart out here. Service is super attentive and really friendly. Restaurant is open and clean. The food is okay but it does hit the spot when you're starving.
2	Overall I was surprised that this experience was so sub par, being that the owner is a world renowned chef. Let me start by saying I sat there for a while before my drink order was taken. After I ordered my phone was nearly dead and my charger wasn't working, I asked if he had one behind the bar I was told no but later saw there was one all along. The bartender was polite but put everyone at the bar before me for some reason. I kept having to call him over for more water & tea. It seemed as though he thought I wouldn't tip as much as the others or something. That wasn't even the worst part... The food was bland bland bland. I ordered the roasted chicken with Yukon potatoes and creamed spinach. The portion was big but the food had absolutely no flavor. The tea was the best part of my meal. If in Vegas I recommend sushi samba, joes stone crab or any other restaurant besides this! I definitely won't be going back.
2	Ok, so maybe I ordered the wrong entree.  I have been to Spago, and to the casual one at Santa Monica and loved them both, but this was a disappointment.  Ordered the Cesar salad for appetizer and 1 is enough for two, very good with anchovies.  I had the mussel pasta dish, the mussels tasted fishy, but the pancetta was good.  My bf's dish was good, chicken plate with mashed and veggies, basic.The total was $90???!!!  No alcohol beverages either.  They should change it to 3 $ signs.  If it wasn't so expensive it would've been better.  Oh well, till next time Vegas.
4	Solid and consistent restaurant with good food and good service. (At least at the bar) I dined here twice during my recent visit to Vegas. Best bets on the menu in my opinion are; The Chinois Salad, the Pizzas, the burger, and the Tuna Tartare. Also this restaurant has a reasonably priced house wine under the Wolfgang Puck label. $8 a glass is pretty good for Vegas. Really enjoyed my meals here. Looking forward to coming back on my next Vegas trip.
4	ordered the prime steak, which i was disappointed with because it was actually cooked unevenly, one part of the steak was more medium well, other half was medium (ordered medium.) if just not for that, i'd say it was pretty damn tasty. fries were pretty delicious. husband ordered spicy pizza which was HOT. like super spicey. the crabcakes were out of this world. great customer service. raspberry lemon drop was strong and very tasty.  the waiter suggested we order the chocolate beignet for dessert but at the end of it i was way too full. it was open till like 530am, which - if you're staying in the MGM or in the casino late night- is pretty awesome.
3	This was ok, not great and not terrible.  I came in around 1030 pm and it was still very busy.  Of course, it's Vegas and the MGM casino area.  The burger and fries were decent, needed seasoning.  The guy bartender was friendly and the girl bartender was like " can I get you a drink, will you be dining with us, model runway turn, and she says the same thing to the next guy.  How about some originality.  Speak like a human not a robot.  The bar wasn't busy, just the dining room.  Ketel one up was good but I asked for it ice cold and three olives.  I got Luke warm and two olives.  Not a huge deal but it shows a lack of attention to detail or maybe a lack of caring when somebody asks for something from a bartender or server.  Won't be back anytime soon.
3	We were staying at MGM and walked by Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill a few times. Finally, a couple hours before my bittersweet flight back to California, we figured why not. Plus we were short on time too.Strange to say that the decor was actually quite elegant and simple, especially since it was right smack in the casino, but while in the Wolfgang Puck bubble, you'd nearly forget that there's a casino all around it. Our server was very accommodating and funny, without being obtrusive.The menu isn't overwhelming and a fwe items actually caught my attention. We ordered the corn chowder soup, burger with avocado and bacon with fries, organic chicken with veggies and yukon gold potatoes and the vanilla creme brulee.The bread basket was a great way to start the meal, crusty, warm, doughy bread with a ton of soft slightly salted butter. They had an olive bread too whichw was just OK. The soup wasn't spectacular, it was more soup and less chowder in terms of consistency, but was flavored well either way.Our entress looked yummy. I will admit though that the burger looked much more appetizing. Generous serving of fresh avocado and thick cut bacon atop that burger. Pretty sure he liked it. The chicken was seasoned nicely, tender and moist, although nothing to write home about.  I should have opted for either pizza or a burger as well.I'm typically a huge fan of creme brulee, but this particular dish was missing the vanilla part of its name, and was very eggy less custardy, if that makes sense. Actually didn't finish it if you can believe that. Overall, I would have probably fancied my meal better had I ordered something else, but that's what second reviews are for.
4	We ate here for dinner this past Monday night while I was in Vegas for a conference.  This is a cool, contemporary restaurant located inside MGM Grand.  I've eaten here several time before, but this is my first official review of this place.  Every other time I've been here, I've really enjoyed it, and this time was no exception.  We had a free appetizer for their blue cheese truffle potato chips.  YUM!  I would highly recommend these if you eat here.  They give you bread as well, so I was a little full when our meals came.  I ordered the gnocchi pasta with a sausage/marinara sauce.  It was outstanding.  My wife even admitted that she liked it better than her dish.  She ordered a ravioli dish that she wasn't particularly fond of, as she thought the pasta was a bit underdone.  Not inedible, just not exactly what she was hoping for.   They had some great looking desserts available (Red Velvet Cake), but we were so full that we couldn't partake.  Our server was very good throughout the meal, and the other helpers were quick to help with refills.  This place was 5 star for me, but fell short of that for my wife, so we'll go with 4 stars.  We were able to get out of here for about $70, including the tip, which isn't bad when you consider the fact that it's a Wolgang Puck restaurant.  I'll definitely come back here if I'm in the area.
4	Great food! We got a prosuitto pizza and caesar salad. Very good! The waitress was rude and unapologetic when our 2 glasses of wine that we ordered when we ordered our food came out when our food was already gone, so that wasn't so great. The atmosphere was nice, even though it was placed with no walls in the middle of a casino.
4	This place is pretty solid.  I ordered some Truffle Potato Chips, Fried Calamari, Prosciutto Pizza and Gnocchi. Everything was spot on.  It took what seemed a while for the food to hit the table but once everything arrived it was almost perfect. My pizza was not as crisp as I normally like it but it was still good.  My waiter was super cool too.  If you stay at the MGM you receive a free $75 for food / drinks and this is the best place to throw it all down.
5	This is a smoke-free island paradise in the middle of tobacco infused casino mayhem. The manager has this place running like a Swiss watch. The prices are quite reasonable, given the quality of the food and service.
3	We came here twice. The first time, we came here for supper at around 12+ am. We ordered the tuna tartare and steamed black mussels. The tuna tartare was really good, definitely a must try. The black mussels was slightly salty and the toast with bearnaise didnt really work. Neither did the fries with bearnaise/ ketchup sauce. Actually, everything just tasted extremely salty that night, even the bread.Since we were fans of mussels, we decided to give it another chance by coming here for lunch again. This time, the mussels were perfectly cooked (although the toast, fries and bearnaise still didnt work). We also ordered the crab cakes which were so amazing - this is how crab cakes should be done!! The grilled shrimps on the capellini were also pretty good.The service, however, really needs some work. They were either too eager to clear our plates, or didnt bother to clear them at all. The waiters are slow, and it is extremely difficult to catch their eye. I would come back not for the service, but for the appetisers and mussels and almost round the clock opening hours. Then again, I'm biased towards mussels. I'm giving this place a 3.5 stars, but am picking 3 for the crappy service.
3	My husband and I were craving pizza so this seemed like the ideal spot to have dinner. Once we arrived and were seated, it took 10 minutes for our waitress to even come to our table. Once she arrived she didn't even apologize for the wait or ask how out evening was. If the costumer service was better, we would have enjoyed our dinner a lot better. FYI the bus boys were awesome, and food was good!
4	Service: very good when they are with you, but we were served by several people and had to wait for quite some time even to get the drinks (even in a peak hour it could have been faster, but this is due to a number of servers, not the actual servers).Food: my wife had a pasta dish, which was slightly fatter than it could have been, but otherwise very good. I had a steak, which was wonderful, but they served it with french fries. Really?! I paid $40 for it! Very inappropriate combination.Desert was simply divine: we had a cherry pie and I have never had such an excellent cherry pie.Noise: a bit noisy, some separators from the casino would help, but otherwise the atmosphere was very nice.
4	love everything! especially the tuna tartar. The "famous truffle chips" are not as good as people described it to be. So unless you can bear eating super dry and thin chips with little truffle on them be my guest. Otherwise, they have so many other great entrees and appetizers. Me and my friend ordered 4 appetizers because we found it more appealing and we still can't finish it. Therefore, be aware of how much you can actually eat and maybe consider sharing.
2	I was in Vegas for work again.  This was my first time at this Wolfgang Puck inside the Aria building.  Its a little bistro that offers pizza and small plates.  The food was actually pretty good but the service sucked. We sat at the bar and the bartender was not friendly at all.  I would not return due to rude service.
4	We were very hungry when we got to Vegas and wanted to have a descent meal so we decided to go to MGM since we were staying at Hooters across the street. I have always wanted to try Wolfgang puck and thought this is my chance. I have to say I made the right choice. The decor, the ambiance , the food and the service was so great. We got calamari to share which was good, not the absolute best but still very good. I loved the crab cakes. They were so delicious. And the service was really wonderful. Our server was very attentive. I would definitely go there again. Its a perfect place for lunch or even just a drink with appetizers.
4	Short and sweet:  you'll never have a better plate of spaghetti and meatballs. Ever. House made pasta fresh each day. Rich marinara with a hit of red chili flake, and meatballs that have beef, pork, and veal I think. Amazing.
3	I see your true colorsAnd that's why I love youSo don't be afraid to let them showYour true colors at...WGP Bar and Grill! - Michelle Chamuel (true colors cover)Hard to go wrong with a place with late night dining available and has WG's name attached to it. I spent a while looking at the menu and finally ordered the Crispy Chicken Milanese (breaded) with a side of arugula and cherry tomato salad. The mustard sauce to pour over the chicken was yummy. The chicken was solid as well.Although this dish was not entirely exciting to be eating in VEGAS BABY, it was a safe option. Like I said, it's open all night so when the options of places to eat goes down, I would say this is better than going to your standard 24 hr. hotel cafe.
4	Yummy and affordable (for being inside a hotel)!Located conveniently in the MGM so you can hop in and out in between hands of blackjack or whatever your poison is.Highlight of our meal was the asian chicken salad... lots of greens, lots of crispiness, and lots of flavor.Ordered the Mushroom Pizza as well... eh... not the greatest.  Was quite dry and unspectacular...Also had the burger which was quite delicious... thick and juicy patty but for $17 you just can't justify paying that much for it... (until you remember you're in a casino).Overall, this is a nice option.  Nothing too fancy here though...  there are a lot of better (and more expensive) options in Vegas if you're looking to excite your taste buds!
3	The best service ever! The food was okay. Maybe I didn't order the best dishes there. Great for people watching since the restaurant is open and located right in front of the Ka Theater at the MGM Grand.
4	Late night high quality food. Been here several times and they dogma good job.
5	This place is amazing.  We were short on time due to having tickets to see David Copperfield. So we asked before we were seated if there was anyway to get out in less than an hour. We were told the salads, spaghetti or the lasagna were ready in a very short time and boy were they! In less time than it usually takes to get a drink, our food was served. The waitress was very attentive without hoovering. And the food was very good.Would definately return
5	The bomb!!! Great service, even at 3 am! Lol bobby and Brandon were our waiters and they were amazing!!! I got the spicy Italian pizza, so I remember, all 3 x we went! Cuz it's that's amazing!!! Sober or intoxicated, it's great!!! Great price too!
4	Great service! Open Table said there were no reservations left on a Saturday night, but we called and they gave us one. Truffle fries were highly recommended and delicious, although the blue cheese almost competes with the truffle oil flavor. We ordered the capellini with shrimp  and the mussels. Both were very good although the mussels dish was huge. It probably had 40-50 mussels in it. Everything was pretty reasonably priced for what you got as well. I will definitely come back here if I'm at the MGM again.
5	We got into Vegas pretty late and hadn't eaten all day. We decided to have a quick bite to eat due to their late night menu. The line was long, but we got seated rather quickly. We ordered the Truffled Potato Chips and Roasted Chicken BBQ Pizza. Both of them are very flavorful; you could taste each ingredient. They were great! We also had a really friendly waiter, his name was Raymond. I didn't know what to expect, but now I know if we're hungry while staying at MGM, we're coming back here!
5	One of the best dinners I've had on the strip!! Truffle chips are amazing one of the most delicious foods I've ever had. Had a burger and by far the best burger I've had. So yummy. My friend had the steak skewers and they were tasty too. Highly recommend this place.
5	We stayed at the MGM, since all of our friends decided to all stay there.  Service here is top notch.  Our server was fun and very helpful.  It was my boyfriend's birthday and we didn't even tell the server, but from our conversation he was able to tell who birthday it was and sent out a birthday treat.  So sweet of him.  Everything we ordered was so great.  I would definitely come back.  My girlfriend and I came in on Sunday morning to Tuesday and we ate here.  My boyfriend was here since Friday and went here twice, since it was so good.  One dislike is on Sunday night, you can't really make reservation which was very frustrating.  It didn't take us that long to find a table, but what if we had to wait a long time, I would had been unhappy. lol
4	I didn't know that they open till 6 am even on a Sunday night! Didn't know where to eat after our Zumanity show at New York New York, we walked to MGM to find places to eat, I was glad a decent restaurant like Wolfgang Puck still served full menu! Started with spicy tuna tartare, the chips were so thin and crispy, fresh tuna with avocado on top, light with enough flavors. Steamed black mussels, with French fries: the mussels were so tender, great with the creamy cheese sauce, the sausages in it looked so yummy, but I couldn't taste it. Hubby had clam linguini, same as I ordered last time: very delicious, the texture of the linguini was perfect, the smoked crispy pork belly bites were so flavorful. I had a Bloody Mary first, it was a weak drink, I ordered a Corona too. Our food was very good, not too heavy for late night, but still satisfying. The service was good like always. Tab was $94, it's always around $95 for us when we eat here. Love this casual restaurant and bar open all night long!
4	I never thought twice about eating here until friends came to town and someone in the group suggested dining here. Since I'm in a money-saving mode right now dining at this mid-level spot sounded like a good idea for eating on the Strip. The atmosphere is lacking as the restaurant is completely open to the MGM Grand casino making it impossible to ignore the ringing and buzzing from slot machines or the buzzed clientele of the hotel, clubs, and dayclubs. Fortunately, the food made up for all of that.Corn chowder soup ($12) - lots of corn kernels and bits of bacon in a velvety smooth soup. Great flavor.Butter lettuce Caesar salad ($13) - portions are big so you may want to share. Like a true Caesar they put anchovies on it.Spicy tuna tartare ($21) - not bad. A little on the sweet side with its use of soy sauce for its Asian influence. The flavors were ok and I liked the sesame crackers.Lasagna ($21) - who knew you could find good lasagna in a restaurant owned by an Austrian that serves a fusion of multiple cuisines? It was a perfect combination of savoriness with the sausage bolognese and sweetness from the cheese and bechamel.Cheese and basil pesto ravioli ($21) - I didn't try it but the person who ordered it had to send it back because it wasn't cooked all the way.Ricotta gnocchi ($23) - dense but still tasty.Steamed black mussels ($25) - another dish that was huge. Good enough for two to share. Plenty of plump, juicy mussels in a savory sauce.Chicken fingers ($6.95) - always a crowd pleaser for kids. The portion size was large enough for 3 kids to share but we only have one. There were plenty of leftovers for the next two nights.The food here is simple, as they cater to price conscious tourists who aren't adventurous eaters, but it's executed well. The menu is all over the place with Asian, Italian, and American dishes so chances are you and everyone in your party will find something to eat. It's not a destination restaurant, but certainly a good option for those staying nearby or those looking for a reasonably priced meal on the Strip.3.5 Stars
4	Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill (MGM)Las Vegas Strip, NV10pm Tuesday 6th August 2013Four StarsI was very impressed by the food and service.  We were given water and bread upon sitting down.  There were three types of bread (Olive, Rustic, and Cheese).  The 2012 Elk Cove Pino Grigio from Willamette Valley had a definite crispness and acidity with a touch of sweetness.  The chopped Salad  had Feta Cheese, Garlic Croutons, Tomatoes, Black Olives, Pickled Okra, and Creamy Greek Dressing.  It was light and refreshing and was not overpowered by the olives. The Spaghettini was simple but well executed.  The house-made al dente noodles acted a perfect vehicle for the plum tomato, basil, and garlic marinara sauce.  The Grilled Shrimp Capellini with Jumbo Shrimp was similarly delicious.  The Shrimps were a little over but the pasta and spicy sauce hit the spot.
4	Came here after coming back to our hotel from XS.  I like that they're open really late.Yay:-Truffle potato chips: Since I got this to go the sauce and cheese were separate which was a good thing because I didn't use the blue cheese that much.  It would've been overwhelming.  The chips were nice and crispy and the truffle sauce was a good compliment.-Pizza: both the italian sausage and spicy sopressata were really good. Thin crust and wasn't soggy from all the toppings.
1	I came here Sunday August 4th for dinner.  I had the lasagna, 2 friends had the pizza and 2 others in my group did not eat.  It was an average meal.  Fast forward to 10 hours later, early Monday morning, I woke up to a churning stomach, went to the restroom where I proceeded to spew out red tomato sauce from BOTH ends.  It was a terrible morning.  Both of my friends who had pizza woke up and had considerable GI discomfort all morning.  They weren't as bad as me, but they were not enjoying life.  Essentially, our Monday drive home was miserable.  The two who did not eat were fine.  I called the restaurant Wednesday evening, after I felt better to let them know I had possibly gotten food poisoning from their restaurant.  The manager immediately doubted me -- blaming the sickness on too much drinking (absurd).   I had maybe 5 beers the entirety of Sunday.  So unless a server shoved a bottle up where the sun doesn't shine before serving me, I have a hard time blaming it on the beer.  Not to mention, I'm in my 30's...I went to college...I am fairly familiar with alcohol sickness and hangovers.  This was not that.I explained to the manager that there were 5 of us and we all ate at the same places all weekend, except for Sunday night, when only 3 of us ate...the same 3 that got sick.      The manager proceeded to proclaim that you get food poisoning 72 hours after ingestion.  I had to look that up...it's not true.  Why he would lie?  I have no idea.  He just really didn't seem to even being open to the notion that his restaurant got me sick.Regardless, I didn't call asking for anything...I only called to inform them of the events and how my friends and I narrowed it down to their establishment.  The manager asked for my contact info and told me their general manager would get back to me in 24 hours.  It has been 5 days.  Not expecting that phone call...and I'm not expecting to ever eat at a Wolfgang Puke establishment again.
4	Located in the MGM casino, this place can be compared to a more chic version of California pizza kitchen. However, as a Wolfgang Puck restaurant, the food was just okay. Nothing was too special. We had the soup of the day (black bean) the prosciutto tomatoes and Kalamata olive pizza, and fries. Service was good. When the bread came to the table it was ice cold so we asked them to toast it up, which they did. Small things like that make a difference. The fact that we got refrigerator cold bread ruins the name of the restaurant. Bottom like.. This place was just okay.
3	Food tasted good but the server we had was so bad! He didn't come back to take our orders. For a really long time. He only came over because his boss noticed us staring around finally. Then after he took our order I saw him roll his eyes as he started to walk away. At the end of the meal he literally hovered over and over again while I wrote the tip and signed the credit card slip.
4	Great service. As with any of Wolfgang's places great pizza. Had the spicy tuna tartare and it was very flavorful, The beignet dessert is really good.Our server was very attentive and friendly. He also had great recommendations and knowledge of the menu.A big fan of WP restaurants; this one is up to par as the rest.
4	I went here with the family for dinner.  The first thin you might notice is that you're somewhat exposed to the public so it can get pretty loud - not a first date place if you want something more intimate and if talking/listening to your date is on your agenda.  We got truffled potato chips, mussels, salmon, bass, beignets and banoffee.Truffled Potato Chips:Homemade potato chips with blue cheese sauce drizzled with truffle oil, Served hot and crispy. I'm not a fan of blue cheese but I liked this because of the truffle oil. 5/5Steamed Black Mussels:Comes with grilled sourdough, chorizo, white wine, garlic and smoked paprika Bernaise. Very interesting twist to a boring bivalve. 4/5Barbecued Pacific Salmon:Served with caramelized white corn, peas, baby heirloom tomatoes,arugula and crispy onion rings on top. I don't like peas so I was busy sorting my peas from my corn.  The crispy onions saved the dish. 3/5Bass: Comes with baby artichokes, white beans in tomato-olive vinaigrette and Romesco sauce. This was more interesting than the salmon. 4/5Chocolate Beignets:Dusted with powdered sugar and omes with a caramel dipping sauce and vanilla ice cream. They look like chocolate cake doughnut holes but they're less dense. 3/5Banoffee:It has the consistency of a cheesecake. Not too sweet. I was very intrigued by this as I've always wanted to try banoffee pie. This is my first taste of it and I was not impressed. I'm hoping this is not the best version of said pie because if this is it then, forget it! 3/5
1	This place is so loud that we had to lean forward and try to read each other's lips. Literally. Horrible atmosphere. Too bad somebody hasn't cared that there's a problem here. It will certainly keep us from ever returning. Food and service were wonderful. On second thought, maybe I would return if I ever find myself in Las Vegas, dining alone, and have remembered to bring my earplugs.
4	The second time here in one night and the roasted chicken is so crisp but juicy at the same time.  I'm here after Hakassan having a pizza and its perfectly cooked.. I love this place and they even have breakfast .
5	We have been here multiple times, and it never disappoints. Favorites: gnocchi, Mac and cheese (seriously), and the heirloom tomato salad. Out of all the puck restaurants in Vegas, this one is the best. Consistently good food and a good value.  The puck wines are always a good choice too.
3	The rib eye steak was great but the pasta for clam linguini was definitely undercooked. I was really close to asking them for a new plate but it was too late and i was too tired to wait for another 30 minutes just for a mediocre pasta dish. I did let them know about this and they gave us a dessert on the house, but I'm probably not going back there even if I stay at mgm.
5	We stayed at the MGM grand for 4 days and fortunately ate here the first day. It was so delicious that we kept coming back over the next few days. The food is excellent! The ingredients are very fresh. This is the only restaurant we found where the food was actually healthy! The service was fantastic each time we dined. They were there when you needed, but not too much. One day we had a party of 18 and they handled it impeccably. I've been managing restaurants for years so I have very high standards. You should dine here as much as possible!!
4	Even if this restaurant is located in a mall, it has a good feel to it and is perfect if you gave kids. The only bad part was that it was freezing and they could not control the AC since it us part of the mall control The food was above my expectation!!
5	After walking all the way down to Mandalay Bay late one night we looked for a non-fast food place close to our hotel (Monte Carlo) with at least average reviews. We luckily saw Wolfgang Puck Express was open late and inside the MGM, so very close. The restaurant is open to casino, and this particular casino smells heavily of air freshener. I know they don't want it to smell bad or like smoke, but I think they got a little to happy with the air freshener spray, lol.At 2:00am there were hardly any other guests here so we were easily able to get the servers attention when we needed anything. I must say, service here was superb. Much to our surprise because it was 2:00am!! The staff is very friendly and accommodating to the guests. They really know how to make you feel welcome and that they are there to serve you. I order the Chicken Salad Sandwich. The sandwich is served in what seemed like cinnamon raisin bread with a salad on the side. The salad certainly tasted fresh/clean. The sandwich was a little different tasting at first, but after a few tastes I quickly hooked. I guess I wasn't expecting the bread to be somewhat sweet. There are also grapes inside the sandwich. So a lot of flavors here that took me a few bites to get used to. But in the end I loved the dish, and I would definitely recommend it to anyone dining here.Excellent food, attentive and friendly service. Great experience!!
5	Love this place! great service and really good food
5	Personally while i favor Spago because i always stay at Caesars, and love sitting at the BAR, the menu at his outpost at MGM is his biggest and his best.  My experience with celebrity chefs is that their restaurants either suck or are over rated.  Not Puck. He keeps it simple using highest quality ingredients.  There isnt a better salad maker on the strip that Puck.  The Chopped vegetable salad here with the shaved feta is amazing and his Chinois Chicken Salads with the cashews and kick of ginger may be the best salad anywhere.  While ive never been a fan of the wood or brick oven style pie, Puck makes a very mean Pizza.  Im a pizzeria owner in Chicago, and my standards are ultra high.  Puck's pizzas meet that standard.  Order them well done, ez cheese, and you will taste the quality of the ingredients.  His burger is as good as any at The Burger Bar and his sandwiches for lunch are true gems.  I wish this place was closer to where we stayed as we'd hit up harcore especially given its casino floor location and late hours.  As for price, i disagree with people who say its high.  You're eating Wolfgang Puck cuisine on the floor of the MGM Grand.  2 people can have a great dinner her with 2 drinks and tip for $100.  That is value if you know any better. We received great service from Tom K on our last trip.
5	Not a better late night or early morning 4 am place to eat! they win! The French style omelet was out of this world!
5	I will be craving the blue cheese chips until the next time I go. The steak was amazing too. Great service. A definite stop.
3	Came here a couple of nights ago because my mom is in town and staying at the MGM Grand and did not want to go to another property after arriving. I originally suggested we try Pub 1842, but we decided to eat here upon suggestion of the friend she came with. The menu choices are okay, but not great in my opinion. There is mostly pizza and pasta with a couple other choice such as a burger or a steak. I try to stay away from foods containing gluten, so there weren't much options for me to chose from as I didn't want to pay that much for a steak.I ended up getting the Heirloom Tomato Caprese from the appetizer menu for $17. It was good, but I don't think it was really worth $17 and I was hungry a few hours later.It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great.I think I would rather go somewhere else.My mom and her friend got the burger and she said it was pretty good.
5	I really can't complain. We stopped in here after seeing Ka Cirque (they are right next to each other), and this was the perfect ending to our last night in Vegas. I. LOVE. THIS. PLACE. First of all, they are open until 6am, which was great because most of the "classier" places in Vegas close at 11pm. Which, really, in Las Vegas? So we were very pleased to have good food after midnight.It's a fine dining experience with a casual spin. I saw people in jeans with their beers from outside bars, as well as suits and ties. The hostess pulled my chair out for me, and the server was spot on with timing. We got the soup of the day "Split Pea," it was yum. Also the mushroom pizza. Holy S. To die for. It had leeks, brocollini, fresh thyme and loads of salty tallegio. I tasted a hint of sweet over all the savory goodness and the server said they use a bit of honey in their dough - yep, that's it. SO GOOD. I love love love this place. And honestly, it was one of the smaller dining bills we had in Vegas and probably the best food. GO HERE.
4	The roasted chicken lunch portion was amazing.  Sometimes, things just get cooked right.  The only thing keeping this from five stars was the fact that it was $24.  I know it's a Puck restaurant and all, but $24 is steep.
5	Had Avery good experience here.i was looking or something that was somewhat casual but good. The truffled potato chips with blue cheese was to die for. I wasn't expecting to like them as much as I did. The pizza was excellent as well. The portion was more than I could eat alone or should eat alone.  If you like a thin crust pizza that has great flavor don't miss this one.
5	We went there with 45 mins exactly before our KA show started. We asked the lady at the desk if we would be able to get food in that time span, and she recommended any non-grilled items. We were swiftly sat and the server was right with us to order drinks. The lady had told him we were in a rush as he was super attentive, going out of his way to rush our order. By the time we were fed and out the door, we still had 15 mins to spare before the show!! Very impressed with the service, the food (gnocchi and lasagna) were excellent and overall experience was perfect :)
5	I've always thought this place was going to be average like a P.F. Changs or Yan Can Cook. What a surprise that it wasn't! My girls and I were starving after Hakkasan. Luckily enough we made some friends who fed us :) this place is open practically all day long so it was perfect to dine here right after we partied the night away.The menu had really good options. I would've expected the prices to be much more extreme but it wasn't! My gf and I shared the Pork Belly BLT. Honestly best BLT of my life. Forget the bacon because pork belly is a much better substitute. And the pork belly was a pretty thick slice in my sandwich! I love pork belly and get so annoyed when the slice is so thin where I can't even taste anything. So for the price point and the amount of meat I got... YES to this place! The fries were addicting too! My other gf got the burger and the meat patty was super juicy! I liked how I could really taste the sharp cheese melted all over the burger. Yum! I'd come here again !
4	Great food ate here three times. Why stone arrogant bastard in a tulip glass?
5	I had lunch here yesterday.  Started with the truffled blue cheese potato chips which were very good, but a little heavy on the sauce.  Flavor was insane though.  Had a meatball pizza as the entree.  So good, just the right amount of cheese and the tomatoes had a the best ripe flavor.  This place is awesome and the service is top notch
5	I came here with a girlfriend of mine about a year ago, and I still haven't forgotten the delicious truffle potato chips or the crab cakes. First of all, I'm from Maryland, so this girl KNOWS a good crab cake. Let me tell you: this place makes a damn good crab cake. Three little ones with basil aioli...I'm salivating just thinking about them. I highly recommend you give this place 40 minutes of your trip. It's phenom-om-nom-nom-nominal.
4	The food here is awesome!  They have an expansive menu and offer a great atmosphere.  Didn't wait too long to receive the food and the prices were within reason.  Although Wolfgang Puck has other restaurants in the area, this is a go-to when in Vegas.
5	Went here with my Mom after Ka show. We asked to be seated in the tables right when you come in (best spot to people watch) and in Vegas... that's never boring! I have to say we were very pleasantly surprised as to how good the food was. The Blue Cheese  Potato Chips were out of this world! ($13 I think) then we both had a glass of reasonably priced Malbec and Lasagna ($20 or so) for both (which is delicious) made with Bechamel, as my mom does! We didn't want to spend more at L'atelier, and didn't want to do the ghetto Buffet :) so this was a great and tasty option with free show (people watch) It's amazing how people go dressed in Vegas LOLPortions were very good as was the service. For sure will be back, especially for the Blue Cheese Potato Chips!
3	Food is a 4. Service is a 2 for bring sloppy. We were a party of 8 w reservations and they seated us at a very uncomfortable high table and chairs and told us it was the only available for 30i minutes. We had ordered two appetizers to share and they didn't bring them out. When they brought our entrees, I told them to cancel out appetizers. Later they brought out appetizers!! And still charged us for them even though we barely touched them. But my snapper entree was very good, everyone else enjoyed their entrees  and my group enjoyed the bread basket. We ate here because we were going to a show at the MGM afterwards.The services was so embarrassingly sloppy, I doubt we want to be made to feel so bad again by coming back.
4	I stayed at the MGM Grand I can't comment on the food here as we had reservations at several other Restaurants during our stay including Joel Rubuchon, Bobby Flays MESA GRILL and Jillian Serrano. However if you want to have a good dirty martini this is a good place to have one at the bar. However the service was a bit slow at the time I was there
5	I've been an MGM Las Vegas visitor since 1998 and the Wolfgang Puck restaurant located in the MGM grand is amazing! The price point is spot on and the food delicious! Our waiter Jeremy was amazing he sound like a radio personality lol and went beyond his tour of duty to make or lunch experience great! Ask for Jeremy :)
5	Can't say enough good things about this dining experience, beginning with the staff that made sure we were comfortable and they exceeded our expectations. Melissa was our server and was FANTASTIC! She knew the menu well and helped us with our choices. We were very crabby upon arrival as we had just flown in from other parts of the country and had problems connecting at the airport; tired and just anxious to get checked into the hotel, settled and have something good to eat. The minute we entered this restaurant, everything changed for the better! The staff could not do enough to please. I had the chopped salad that was to die for. It was as if they had just gone out into the garden and picked the fresh butter lettuce and other mix. The presentation was lovely. The dressing was spectacular and the portion was oversized! Others in our party had the wedge salad and were equally pleased with freshness, portions and flavors. We shared a gourmet pizza that was the perfect size, picture perfect and the flavors were amazing! The crust was delicious! If you like espresso, you must try theirs! I have never had an espresso experience like this. We all walked out of that restaurant refreshed, full and very, very happy! Great food, great service. Great for people watching. Highly recommend this restaurant and I can't wait to visit again!
1	While staying at the MGM we decided to try Wolfgang Pucks. Our Choice was  the ribeye , very disappointed mediocre at best . One piece I couldn't cut because of the ligaments in the meat, so of course imagine that in your colon . The meat was soooo thick and very bland , not happy at all for $50 . Friendly staff , clean restaurant , decor and presentation, but just not a  good ribeye.  I have had better at Outback Steak House
1	Do not come here if you do not have at least an hour to wait for your order. It took them forever to get a pasta, and when asked they said it takes time to cook. STAY AWAY!
4	My husband and I dined here once for lunch; we had a reservation but they were not busy during lunch time. We were immediately seated as we arrived; the hostess and our server were very friendly and professional - great service!I had their rib eye steak and husband had their spaghetti with two glass of wine; the steak was perfectly cooked and it was very tender and flavorful, husband said the spaghetti was average and it can be better. The wines were in reasonable price point, were smooth and rich in flavor. We finished with an order of creme brule and it was prefect to end the meal.
4	First, I want to note that this restaurant in MGM is not called Wolfgang Puck Express. The real name is Wolfgang Puck Bar and Grill!Someone made a mistake when starting this review thread...So on to the food. I had a braised short rib dish served with some sort of pasta filled with cheese. There were also cooked mushrooms and spinach that came with the dish. It was very tasty. One of my friends had the skirt steak with fries, which also had great flavor.The service was top notch and very attentive. Our water glasses were constantly being filled up. This is especially important in Vegas where the weather is very dry.The dinner prices were very reasonable for a "name brand" restaurant. Most dishes were in the $18 - $30 range.I had to take away one star because our table bread arrived cold. They gotta serve it warm to get five stars.
3	Please note that this place is actually not called "Wolfgang Puck Express" - it's called "Wolfgang Puck Bar and Grill." Also, the $$ price rating is a bit inaccurate - it's definitely in the $$$ range. I was with a group of co-workers, and we wanted to avoid a weighty restaurant bill, and saw this place was decently rated with a $$ price rating, but were disappointed to see all of the entrees in the $30+ range. We ended up getting a bunch of appetizers, sides and pizzas which were all well made and delicious, and reasonably priced. So in the end it worked out. Drinks were on the excessive side in price, averaging around $14 - more than several of our reasonably priced meal items. I'd probably come back and eat at this place if I was in a more personal setting and didn't mind a larger bill.
5	Incredible food which is better than a lot of 5-star restaurants.  I haven't seen detail to service and detail in the food in years.  We ate here three nights in a row.  Roasted half chicken was the best I've ever had.  Salads are awesome.  And to boot, you won't spend a ton of money here.  Never a bad call...I can't wait to go back.  Every dish they serve is excellent!
5	This is an update on how delicious this restaurant is. Went last night and if course had a delicious cheese burger. The best burger. Mm so yummy. Our waiter was so great. Probably one of the best servers I've ever had. They were so on top of our beverages and anything we needed. Great service. I'm just in love with this place. The food is always so tasty and the service is always great too.
4	Perfect quick place to eat before a Cirque Ka show (the entrance is located jut a few yards away). We had only an hour before the show so we were able to nab seats at the bar despite the long wait for tables. We started off with a mussels and spicy Harissa appetizer that was served with French fries! It wasn't on the menu so we were happy that it we saw it ordered on the other side of the bar. It was amazing. Next we shared the Margarita pizza- a Wolfgang Classic that you can't go wrong with.... 4 cheeses, tomato and basil- yummers!
4	Great little place right in the heart of the MGM casino! We decided to eat dinner here before playing a little and the location is super convenient. The service was very friendly- there was a short wait but the very friendly hostess provided the option of texting your cellphone when a table is ready which lets you wander around the casino floor while you wait. Food was really good. There isn't a huge selection but what they do have they do well. They brought a basket of warm bread to start which was delicious. We started off with the Calamari which was tasty and cooked just right. We then shared a the prosciutto topped pizza which was amazingly delicious and more than enough for the both of us to share.My only word of caution is that you best avoid this place if you're sensitive to cigarette smoke. This restaurant is literally in the middle of the casino with no walls separating it from the action and so you do have players lighting up all around. But then again if you're sensitive to cigarette smoke then you shouldn't be anywhere near a Vegas casino in the first place. I'd have to respectfully disagree with those the have criticized the pricing- for Wolfgang Puck in a Vegas Casino this was very reasonable priced. The pizza was the most expensive one on the menu priced at around $18 and the Calamari around $14- that's a bargain for a nice restaurant located in a Vegas Casino. But perhaps its because I'm from New York and used to being overcharged for everything.
1	Worst experience ever! We went here because it was located in the hotel we were staying at, and it had a 4-star rating on yelp. However, I will never come back. We ordered the chili chicken wings, which was quite tasty, but my boyfriend bit into one of them and discovered it still raw. We told the server about this, and instead of just giving us a different wing or even apologize, he took it and disappeared in the back. He came back later only to tell us that it wasn't raw, and that the pinkish color was from the brine. Funny, the rest of the wings weren't pink, so what makes this one so special? Oh maybe because it was raw! Of course, my boyfriend spend the rest of the night throwing up in the bathroom. Needless to say, we will never come back here. For one reason, they serve raw chickens to their customers, and two, they felt the need to argue with us when we reported this problem to them.
5	great restaurant for big groups with different tastes. there is something for everyone.  The Lasagna is Italian perfection. Staff is friendly and I thought the pricing was reasonable.  Will go again
3	Well, aside from a reservation mistake (our fault), and a unbelievably rude hostess, who didn't handle the reservation mistake well, our evening at this establishment was quite good.  Food was excellent, linguine with clams for me, and spaghetti with meatballs for my wife.  Those meatballs, which my wife generously let me try, we're out of this world.  The Caesar salad that we split before the entrees was excellent as well. My wife finished of the evening with a great looking Creme Brule which she enjoyed.  The wait staff was efficient and and friendly, and we felt that we had great dining experience sans the rude prelude to the meal.  If it weren't for the rude hostess, I'd give this place 5 stars.
3	Ehh.. I expected more from this place. My friend and I were going to go out this one night and in order to avoid passing out drunk, we decided to go grab some dinner beforehand. Sadly, the Grand Wok was closed at 10pm, so off to Wolfgang Puck Bar and Grill we go.Perhaps Wolfgang Puck's name caused me to have over-the-top expectations... sigh. We ordered:- caesar's salad: this was pretty good, especially the anchovies - yum!- spaghetti and meatballs: the noodles were strange, I'm pretty sure that they're not Italian pasta or maybe it was a "healthier" alternative and that didn't taste too good. The meatballs though, they're perfectly cooked- salmon: my friend got this dish and it was alright - he wasn't too crazy about itOverall, it was a meh experience. However, I was glad we stopped by here to eat because that night, I managed to drink quite a bit and not PTFO. haha
4	OK, we tried a couple of $14 beers, bleu cheese truffled chips, the calamari, the salmon dinner, the braised short rib tortellini, the creme brulee, and chocolate filled chocolate beignets.  The bleu cheese chips are very heavy on the bleu cheese, so if you like bleu cheese, these are great ... if you are a marginal fan of bleu cheese, then the chips are still pretty good.  The calamari was good and the sauce was good, but I like mine a litter crispier.  The salmon was very tasty with potatoes and asparagus, but I would have liked more sauce.  The tortellini was also tasty but a bit al dente for our taste.  The desserts were awesome.  We dropped nearly $170 plus tip for that meal, so be prepared.  I would suggest trying Mesa Grill in Caesar's Palace for I think better food and about the same spendiness, if you only want to splurge once.
3	FYI: There's a Wolfgang Puck Express in the MGM on yelp that is actually referring to Wolfgang Puck Bar and Grill in the MGM. Not sure where the confusion is coming from, but just a heads up. It's a nice open platform across from the Cirque Du Soleil Ka theater that serves decent pasta, and also offers meat (burgers) dishes, seafood dishes, and assorted appetizers. Came around for dinner and were seated, water glasses filled, and drink orders taken almost immediately. They have unlimited, complimentary bread, which was delicious! Majority of the menu was either spaghetti, pizza, or meat (burger, fish, steak). We all ordered a different type of spaghetti. I'd highly recommend the linguini with Manila Clams, Garlic, Pancetta, Chili, Wild Oregano because out of all four dishes, that one was the best. My friend did add lemon to give it a little kick.We ordered two marinara sauces - Housemade spaghetti and spaghetti&meatballs. They're your generic spaghetti with basil, tomatoes, and garlic, only differences was the type of tomatoes and that one had meatballs and one did not. Both of these dishes were so, so, SO salty that I drank about three giant gulps of water per spaghetti bite. And normally, I LOVE salt. I had pee like crazy pregnant woman afterwards. o___oThe last dish we ordered was the Wild Mushroom Agnolotti, Sweet Peas, Caramelized Shallots, Parmesan. It was pretty good if you like more dough-y, lightly sauced pasta. I personally did not like it and felt it could be more flavorful, but each to their own. Also, they don't put salt or pepper shakers on the table (arrogant? or doing a classy look?) and they did not offer parmesan (even though they offered the table next to us parmesan. hmm why?).Overall, food: 3/5. Service: 3.5/5.
5	Delicious pizza!  Can't wait to go back.  Service was awesome and I loved the atmosphere.
3	FYI: This thread is referring to Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill. This restaurant is an open platform across from the Cirque Du Soleil Ka theater that serves decent pasta, and also offers meat (burgers) dishes, seafood dishes, and assorted appetizers. Came around for dinner and were seated, water glasses filled, and drink orders taken almost immediately. They have unlimited, complimentary bread, which was delicious! Majority of the menu was either spaghetti, pizza, or meat (burger, fish, steak). We all ordered a different type of spaghetti. I'd highly recommend the linguini with Manila Clams, Garlic, Pancetta, Chili, Wild Oregano because out of all four dishes, that one was the best. My friend did add lemon to give it a little kick.We ordered two marinara sauces - Housemade spaghetti and spaghetti&meatballs. They're your generic spaghetti with basil, tomatoes, and garlic, only differences was the type of tomatoes and that one had meatballs and one did not. Both of these dishes were so, so, SO salty that I drank about three giant gulps of water per spaghetti bite. And normally, I LOVE salt, BUT I had pee like crazy pregnant woman afterwards. o___o Too much salt!The last dish we ordered was the Wild Mushroom Agnolotti, Sweet Peas, Caramelized Shallots, Parmesan. It was pretty good if you like more dough-y, lightly sauced pasta. I personally did not like it and felt it could be more flavorful, but each to their own. Also, they don't put salt or pepper shakers on the table (arrogant? or doing a classy look?) and they did not offer parmesan (even though they offered the table next to us parmesan. hmm why?).Overall, food: 3/5. Service: 3.5/5.
4	We decided to eat here on a whim before our KA! show and it was a pretty good pick. We got there at around 7:30PM on a Monday night and there was no wait for a table for 7 people. We were seated promptly and our server was there almost immediately to take our drink orders. The menu is not extensive, but that was a plus for me as we were in a bit of a rush. The prices seemed a bit steep (I mean $27 for spaghetti and meatballs?! Common!), but the portions were quite large and we all had trouble trying to finish our meals.Food:Meatball Pizza--This is a very good sized pizza and I could only get through about half of it before I hit my limit. It was pretty good but there was a bit too much meat on it for my liking, especially for a thin crust pizza.Spicy Spaghetti and Meatballs-- This was pretty good, but for $27 I'd pass.Cheeseburger-- I haven't actually tried this but everyone on my table who ordered it had no leftovers so...it must have been aight....Truffle Potato Chips with Blue Cheese sauce-- These are soooooo good! If you like blue cheese or cheese in general you'll love this! Oh how I wish I had some in front of me right now!French Fries-- Would I go back to a restaurant specifically to eat french fries? If they were Wolfgang Puck Bar and Grill french fries, hell yeah! So good!Service was quick and our drinks never ran low. Overall a pretty good pick.
1	DON'T WAIST YOUR TIME!!!!!The only restaurant still open at the MGM after 10:00 PM. My sister and I ordered a salad and it was over whelmed with raw onion.  So all I could taste was onion.  So I told the waitress that the salad was over whelmed with onion and I couldn't eat it.  She had a attitude so I just decided not to reorder anything.  Then the manager came and try to fix the situation and offered me something else.  So I decided to get chicken noodle soup.  That's pretty basic it hard to mess up soup so I thought.  It was flavor less and there was veins threw out the chicken.   I was done at that point and grossed out.  You would think that a restaurant of that stature would make sure there food was Delicious.  The whole time we were eating the waitress was giving us attitude.  Big mistake,  I would have left you a great tip after all your not the cook idiot!
3	Meh, expected more from a such a well known name, then again I doubt how much influence Wolfgang Puck himself has in this place. Location is actually horrible, it's an open layout overlook the Cirque Ka theatre (which filled up quickly) and the smell of smoke from the nearby casino nearly made me lose my appetite. Food itself was so-so. For appetizer we ordered the crispy fried calamari, pretty good although I would have preferred marinara over the lemon aioli. For entree I ordred the white pizza with chicken, spinach, garlic and feta. Pizza is large enough for 2 people to share, I barely ate half and boxed the rest. Once again, alright but nothing to brag about. Husband ordered the grilled salmon, once again nothing special. Which is my ultimate conclusion about this place, alright food, nothing special. With the plethora of options in Vegas and on the strip, I would pass on this one unless you are looking for something convenient and moderately priced. Side note, right across from this restaurant is Joel Robuchon, a 5 star (and extremely price) French place. What a dichotomy of choices !
3	Usually I like this place as I have been many times but this time I did not like the food. The caesar salad was too spicey and I had to ask for a new one. Te new one did not have peepers but still tasted spivey. I got a margarita pizza and ask for ham and mushroom toping but they did not have ham. They offered pruciutu instead , which I accepted, big mistake as it tasted horrible. Service was ok so I am giving it a 3 since other times I have liked their food here.
4	It seems like every time we come to Vegas we always end up here for brunch. Of course food here is delicious, I haven't bad anything that I didn't enjoy from here. However, the wait time for the food to get to your table could get a little long depending on the time of the day. Steak skewers and the French style omelette are my very favorite. Cannot wait to come back next time and try their pizza!
4	Had a late lunch here one day and was very happy. Shared the steak skewers and the meatball pizza. They were both very good. Service was great, although it may have been because it was an awkward time and we were almost in the restaurant by ourselves. Very good!
4	Excellent food and prices unlike Most Vegas restaurants in the main hotels they are not pushy or posh. Simply good food at reasonable prices on a main hotel. (MGM)
5	I came here for dinner with my boyfriend. We ordered the $38 steak, $26 linguini with clams, $11 potato chips, and $16 steak skewers.The food was great, the service was the best I ever had. The staff is so friendly!
5	Excellent food and fun atmosphere. I've been coming here for several years and we have never been disappointed. This is a great bistro with excellent dishes at reasonable prices.Even eating at the restaurant bar is very pleasant.Our server tonight is Sara and she is exceptional.I would recommend getting a reservation on weekends which is very easy to do.
4	What's the top go-to food that's thought of as a classic Vegas drunchie meal? Steak and Eggs, baby.And I'm surprised to say this but Wolfgang serves up an awesome steak and eggs dish. Pricey ($~29.00), yes, but it's totally worth the extra bucks. Not to mention, the plate can easily be shared between two if you aren't super hungry (but you know you need something in your stomach to deter a potential hangover in the morning). Grilled Steak and Eggs with Tuscan Potatoes and Herb Hollandaise Sauce. Mmm doesn't that just sound good to you? The steak, ordered medium rare, was cooked beautifully (none of that tough dry steak nonsense here). Loved how as soon as I cut into the meat with my steak knife, the firm flesh revealed a warm red center. Juicy, flavorful, well-seaseoned deliciousness.My friend and I asked for sun side up eggs, which were perfect for eating right over toast (you can choose sourdough, wheat or white, served with butter or jam on the side), and them tuscan potatoes were bombdiggity. They reminded me of smashed potatoes except they were prepared in a way where crispiness was not compromised. Dip with ketchup and you've struck gold. I don't think I could eat steak and eggs anywhere else... I've been spoiled so. I'll be sure to return the next time I'm in Vegas for crazy drunken shenanegans!
3	I was not very impressed. I had the prime rib burger and it was overly greasy and the mayo or whatever sauce was on it was too much. The fries were tasty though.  Overall you can get a better meal elsewhere, but I will say the price is fairly reasonable for the location right in the middle of the casino.
3	Menu offers nice choices after hours, a rare thing in Vegas. Most other after hours places have very limited menus. The food, however, is average or mediocre, acceptable but far from great. It's not bad, but not too enticing either. Portions are fair, deserts satisfactory. Service is good, one of the redeeming points. Extra points for being open all night. But overall, you'll eat there because there are very few better choices after hours, not because of the yummy factor.
3	Awesome crispy roasted potatoes with the ribeye.  Service needs some work. Good food and atmosphere. Worth a try, just good luck with an upbeat server.
4	We always have dinner here before any event at the mgm, reason is its convenient the service is quick especially if you short of time. We got right in without a reservation and we were a party of 8.We ordered the tuna tartare , loved it presentation and taste was yummy.  The steak skewers were my favorite, was not over cooked  so we got 2 ordersThe chonise chicken salad a mustOur drinks berry mojito just perfect.It was noisy but that was because it's super bowl weekend and  Pink in concert. Our waiter was very attentive
4	This is hands down the best late night place to eat at MGM. We eat here at least twice every time because they have quality food, there's never a wait, and they're open til 6am every night! Even the fast food restaurants in the food court (which are usually the only food options late at night in hotels) close sooner. If you play the game myVEGAS on facebook you can redeem your points for a BOGO entree offer.
3	Got to try this place for Apps one night, after our conference. I got the last bowl of clam chowder available..it was disappointing as virtually no seasoning.  The calamari was ok as it was lightly breaded and I personally prefer that, the aioli was good.The pizzas were pretty good, and the shrimp cocktail was good.  Service was descent
4	Had a team dinner here while in Vegas for work.  Good laid back restaurant, food was good and I didn't feel like we were wide open to the casino (as there are bathrooms inside and they make it really feel separate).  The appetizers were good - blue cheese chips and Steak skewers.  Calamari was just ok.  Two of us shared a pizza and it was perfect size after having appetizers.  The burger looked TDF.  The best part was desserts and they let use do 6 as two sampler plates, highly recommend doing that.  The banana cheesecake was amazing.  The others were really good also, even the carrot cake and I don't like carrot cake typically!  Good addition to the MGM.
3	I think calling this an upgraded TGIFriday's may be unfair, but that's my analogy.  You get a menu full of options and the food is pretty good.  I feel you are paying for the Wolfgang name though as it is pricy.  The restaurant is middle of the MGM casino with no walls so the atmosphere is loud and the sounds of slots is prevalent.  If I'm going to pay a high price, I really don't need the sounds of penny slots and loud patrons.
3	Enjoyed our meal at this place so much we came back three times during our stay. Tried the calamari, pizza and hamburger.  Hamburgers are excellent, huge fresh and cooked well done as requested.  I would suggest splitting one among 2 people they were that big.  Appetizer, calamari was just ok, pizza was a bit undercooked for my liking I prefer well done.  Service varied but adequate most of the time.
5	Having experienced terrible service and food at a fairly expensive restaurant during a previous visit, my group decided to find something well-recommended and decently priced. Also, celebrity chef restaurants were brought up, and because Wolfgang Puck's Bar and Grill was right by KA, it won!We were seated in a fairly short amount of time [it was a bit after 9pm on Sunday, but still busy]. The decor was interesting [plaid ceilings and floral glass "walls"]. The restaurant is on a platform overlooking the waiting area for KA and was right near the MGM casino. My friend noticed after dinner that there were a ton of servers, but only one female server which was quite the opposite of... everywhere! The waiter seemed very jazzed about dinner and explaining everything, and we were worried when he didn't write anything down, but he was awesome! Braden was nice, funny, got everything right, and he was great about checking in with us. Our water glasses were always full, and our food was amazing! There were multiple people who did the water, drinks, and food serving [they did bring out the food to the wrong people, but they got the orders right so what does it matter?].My mouth was watering just reading the menu, but I wasn't feeling great so I thought I'd pick smaller options--hah! I got Mac'n Cheese and Roasted Cauliflower. The Mac'n Cheese wasn't anything amazing, but it tasted pretty good with the cauliflower in it. Two people at the table got the lasagna, which tasted like regular lasagna, but it did have a nice presentation. My sister got the gourmet burger. It was $25 and SO worth it! She asked for medium, and it was pretty pink and soooo flavorful! It came with thinly sliced and fanned avocado, all the fixings, and incredibly tasty fries. I believe my boyfriend got the Italian sausage pizza with goat cheese, and that was also super tasty and a decent size. The only complaint we really had was that the ginger lime iced tea did not taste at all gingery. We agreed that this place was pretty great, and if we're ever in Vegas again we'll have to try one of Puck's other restaurants! Last bit--they had quite a large group in there at several long tables, so they can accommodate big groups!
5	The food was delicious and the service was friendly. It was our first time eating there.We did eat there for lunch. It's a bit expensive but great food.
4	I'm a big fan of this place, although they have a few fixable flaws.  the crabcake appetizer with creole mustard sauce is so good it is worth the $18 price.  the pizzas are good, but the linguini with clams is better - the taste of the italian bacon brings out the flavor.  the lasagna is very good but will clog an artery.  Wine selection by the glass is very small and unimpressive.  The servers are not overly friendly - I was here 4 times in less than a week and the same bartenders didn't seem to recognize me.  tip : look at the menu at nearby Joel Robuchon before looking at this menu, and these prices will seem reasonable by comparison.
4	Mmmm, every bite I ate was better than the last.  I thoroughly enjoyed the entire meal.  I ordered the Maytag Bleu cheese chips for an appetizer and fully plan to go back for another one of these before I go home - so yummy.  They were simple - homemade potato chips with bleu cheese sauce topping them, but they were the favorite appetizer among the group I was with.  For dinner, I had the special - an 8oz filet, crusted with blue crab and served with some kind of spiced bearnaise sauce (I forget what the spice was).  On the side, I opted for the crispy Tuscan potatoes.   Everything was really delicious.  The steak was cooked just a little rare for my taste (I ordered medium), but I have come to expect this with filet as it's so thick.  The bearnaise, oh the bearnaise.  I could have ordered a bowl full of it.  The crab crust on top was also very tasty.  The bearnaise and crab elevated the steak, and the combination was perfect.  I highly recommend the Tuscan potatoes.  They are simple - red skinned potatoes, sliced and tossed with olive oil, salt and some herbs, then flash fried.  They were great.  I was almost talked into the fries, as they are supposed to be excellent. I had the opportunity to try some from one of my tablemates, and they were good, but fries are fries.  So glad I went with the potatoes instead.  Now, the ambiance...  It is nicely decorated and our server was very good.  He gave us excellent advice and recommendations.  It is very LOUD, however.  The restaurant has a patio effect, and is open to the casino, passerby, etc.  They have music playing on top of all of that exterior noise, and in order for it to be heard, the music has to be quite loud.  When our server was on the other side of the table explaining the specials, I couldn't hear a word he said.  I was with a group of seven, and I had no hope of hearing those at the other end of the table.  By the time we left, my voice was scratchy as if I had been to a concert.In summary - food was absolutely fantastic.  I'm going back for lunch just to eat it again.  But don't go if you're looking for a quiet, peaceful or romantic dinner.
4	Little overpriced but not beyond what I expected for Vegas. Pizza was good but service was even better.  Had a meatball and margarita pizza - both had good flavor
1	Filthy dirty.... does Mr. Puck ever look at the places that use his name?  All I wanted was a simple bowl of chicken soup (and the description on the menu sounded perfect).  It was a salty water "soup" with uncooked onions (lots of them) there were no parsnips in the soup at all (which was listed as an ingredient on the menu).  I wasn't served by my waitress, and when she finally did come to check on me, I asked if the soup ($13 bowl of soup) comes with bread or crackers... she said, "we don't usually offer bread to our lunch customers, but I guess I could give you some if you want".Also, I was seated next to some wood bark object, that they have separating the restaurant from the casino, and when I got a good look at it, it was dusty and filthy. So gross... had I noticed prior to ordering my soup I would have never eaten there. Really?
4	Nom. From their wood fired pizzas, to their salads, to their appetizers, to their drinks, this place was a consistent delight for my drunk friends and myself. We probably spent at least $200 over a course of 3 days. They are opened pretty late (4 am?) and you can sit at the bar to order take out to stuff your face in the privacy of your hotel room. Prices are expensive, but not the level of a fancy restaurant so definitely doable for Vegas.
4	Best pizza I've ever had in Vegas not so sure about the service quality tho! Will def go back anyways! Yum! ;)
3	Needed somewhere to eat that was open and still serving a full menu at 3am.  Ordered the Truffled Potato Chips, the Wood Oven Roasted Mushroom and Spicy Sopressata Pizzas and finally for dessert, the Chocolate Souffle. The chips were delicious.  Very flavorful and fatty.  A perfect late night snack.  The pizzas were large.  I wish we had known how big the pizzas were before we ordered them.  Because one can easily feed 2 people.  The pizzas tasted alright, nothing special really.  But really how often do you get bad pizza?  The souffle was super light.  And even though the pizzas were not finished off, the souffle sure was.  It was nice that there was a restaurant open that late that served up a wide variety of food.  Also the atmosphere, while being out in the middle of the casino, was modern and semi private.  Prices were a tad high, which is why I had to drop the rating down to 3 stars.
4	Awesome place to get some nice food before going on somewhere else. Everything on the menu is the kind of food you can eat and then go on to do more drinking. The pizzas are awesome - great crust, fresh flavors, and a good size. The salads are good too, except the chopped vegetable salad which had flavors (primarily the overwhelming pickled something gross) that did not work for me at all. The menu description made it sounds like a cheese/cream salad, and instead it was very dry with a strange combination of vegetables - asparagus, pickled onions, pickled something green that was so salty it hurt. I don't recall tasting feta or creamy garlic at all. The other salads at my table (green, chinese chicken) looked amazing though. Can't go wrong with the pizza margerita. The cocktails are very good here too, with fresh fruit ingredients and a strong pour. I really liked the banana cheesecake.
4	We had blue cheese chips , calamari, white pizza, and crab cakes and beer. All were really good and we got full for  under $100..    The server was friendly ..   It was quick ..The crab cakes had crab in them.
3	This place was pretty good and our server was a cutie. I came here a few weeks ago when we came to Vegas. I think it's a little on the pricey side, but everyone enjoyed their meal. Oh well, one downside: I don't know what I bit into, but it was as hard as a rock. I was worried I chipped a tooth, but everything with my tooth is okay. I like the setup, it's kind of trendy, but casual. You can watch your chefs prepare your pizza right in front of you.
4	Ate here with coworkers last night. Nice variety, and good pricing for the area. Excellent wine selections that paired well with the menu. Between the 5 of us, we had 4 different entrees; each outstanding. The gentleman that had the lasagna didn't finish his beer out of fear of washing away the great flavors. I had a veal mushroom pasta, chef special, and found the flavors well balanced and blended.  Will be back again soon!
5	While a bit on the expensive side for two girls in college, it was well worth the cost. We split the steak skewers and the grilled spinach both of which were divine. Adding to the excellence of the evening was our wonderful waiter, Eddie Bringas. Always prompt, helpful, and had good suggestions for good pairings. Will eat here again!
5	I went to Vegas thinking In-N-Out would be my burger highlight...that was until I came here. I was swinging through the MGM and popped in here for a quick lunch at the bar. I kept it simple and ordered a burger...little did I know it'd be one of the best burgers I've ever had - easily in the top 5. I can't speak on anything other than the burger and fries, but those items alone warrant a 5 star rating. Good Work, Wolfgang.
5	We had a very enjoyable anniversary dinner and dessert here before going to the Cirque show. The food was excellent. Our waiter was attentive and his assistant, Israel was exceptional. The sea bass special was cooked perfectly and very tasty. They even brought us a special anniversary brulle!The only complaint is that the chairs were uncomfortable. This place is worth the visit!
4	Service is excellent. Food is good to excellent though. The blue cheese potato chip is fabulous though my grilled salmon in not above my expectation. Price is reasonable.
5	I have previously eaten at CUT and enjoyed their full blood wagyu, so I did have a high expectation for the bar and grill, and I wasn't to be disappointed. The service was efficient and warm with our server being quite a character. The steak main was cooked perfectly med rare with just the right amount of seasoning, and the charred crust was smoky and sublime. The accompanying potatoes would be one of the best roast taters I have had. The seasoned and crunchy shell to the moist and soft innards all made for a cracking side. The linguini also had well cooked proteins with a light sauce that didn't try to over power the prawns.Wolfgang has impressed us again with well cooked food and great service, what an easy way to fill the stomach before seeing David Copperfield!Food 8.5/10 service 9/10 decor 8/10
4	Food is pretty good here and the service is good too. While on vacation I visited WP in the MGM three times. Once with six family members, once with for family members and once by myself at 2am. Strangely I received fte best service at 2am. Each time I ordered the steak sandwich which was excellent (although a bit grisely). Not a great deal for $22 but not bad for hotel food prices. To bd honest, my visits with the family were a bit pricey ($300-$500) but the food was good and the service was pretty good too.  I like this place most for a late night snack after a long night doing Vegas type activities like dancing, drinking, and gambling (Ahhh the good life). Anyway, good food, good service, fair prices (for a hotel). 4 Stars.
1	Horrible service!!! Bartenders were incredibly rude! One of the mangers came over to talk to us about the service and ended up talking to his employee in front of us. We finished our drinks and the bartender refused to take our bill because he said"we are young and wouldn't tip". We tipped the buser because he was the only one who did a great job! We waited around for another manager to discuss the issues! Do not come here! They do not care about service to their customers!
5	This place blew me away! The location was adorable in the MGM with beautiful decorations. The staff was extremely friendly as soon as I walked in. Each and every person that I walked past greeted me with a big smile. Out waiter was extremely helpful in picking out drinks for my friends birthday and made us laugh more than a few times. And the bus boys were also very accommodating. The food was delicious. The Chinese chicken salad thing was excellent and so were the pizzas. The waiter automatically brought out desserts for my friends birthdays without me having to even tell him which was very very nice. And everyone said by to us as we were leaving. Best service from beginning to end and great food!
5	We always eat lunch here every trip to Vegas. Truffled Fried chips are amazing. Service is good.
5	We tried the lasagna and linguine.  They were both excellent and I would highly recommend them.   Topped the dinner off with vodka raspberry sorbet drink that was just right!  The waiter was very engaging and helpful.  The only issue we had was the busboy was was filling water glasses was a little sloppy.
4	Let me start off by saying this place was packed! We had a 20 minute wait for a table but what do you expect it's Vegas & we didn't make reservation.For starters we had crispy fried calamari & it was cooked just like I like it. Not too hard, but not to soft either. I squeeze the lemon on that baby & enjoyed it. Also, we ordered the iceberg lettuce salad with cherry tomatoes, red onion, and extra blue cheese dressing without the bacon. All the veggies were fresh & each bite was crisp & yummy! (I love to hear my salads CRUNCH for some reason) For my main course I had the meatballs & spaghetti with extra cheese on the side & it was to die for! I felt like & kid again without sucking up the noodles of course.  (I only do that at home) Check this place out but be sure to make reservationSunny
1	Pissed....its open till 6am...we got therebY 2:30 and we were told it was closed!!!!!! The one star was only because I can't give zero...very disappointed
3	Boyfriend and I came here based on Yelp reviews. The drinks (a margarita and a Moscow mule) were DELISH. We couldn't agree on a pizza so I ordered the spicy soprasetta, salami, and pepperoni pizza with fresh basil and he got the meatball pizza. Both were totally meh. The meatballs on his pizza had the weirdest texture - like Chef Boyardee or something. And my pizza was fine, but the meats seemed over processed. Maybe it was user/orderer error because the things that came out of the kitchen looked and smelled awesome. I'd go back but definitely order something else.
4	Sooo good!! Beautiful decor, despite being located inside a casino and without any walls. However, they definitely had a less than desirable bathroom...Decor:Classic with a modern twist. Their bar was beautiful, and I adored their tableware setup. Although you are quite exposed to casino-goers, you don't notice it as the ambience is very good. Food:I love bread...especially free bread. Thy give you tons of it! And they're different types (baguette, whole wheat, and even focaccia!), arrive warm, and with tons of butter.  I ordered handmade linguine with mushrooms, which was cooked perfectly. It was a huge portion and very filling. I love handmade pasta, so this was a huge plus. It's also nice to say that I've finally had the chance to try a restaurant by Wolfgang Puck!Service:Great!!! Never once was my water glass empty, and our waiter checked on us several times throughout the meal. Drink orders were also timely. I'd definitely go again for the pasta. I'm not sure if the pizza was any good, as no one in my group ordered it, but I'd definitely go back for the bread too!! :3
3	Nice for lunch in the middle of the casino. Solid but not great. Tried the crab cakes, the ribs, the spicy ahi and the Caesar salad. $18. Glass of sparkling wine. On the pricey side, service was excellent.
4	The food was absolutely wonderful. I ordered a cup of their soup of the day ($6), which happened to be a beef and barley soup. This soup totally blew me away. The broth was so herby and flavorful, I couldn't bare to let a single drop remain in the bowl when I was done. There was tons of barley, good sized chunks of beef (but still bite sized), and some other vegetables in the mix. I kept eating it slowly because I wanted to make sure I savored each bite. I cannot compliment this soup enough.My main course was the salmon served with potatoes, arugula and asparagus ($32). I ordered the salmon medium well, and it came out perfect. A light crunch to the outside, and tender, juicy meat on the inside, and it was seasoned perfectly. The vegetables were delicious and cooked perfectly. They had the right balance of tenderness with crunch. I paired the meal with a glass of riesling ($11), which could have been sweeter, in my opinion (I love the really sweet wines), but it was still a nice wine.The atmosphere is pleasant, especially with the decor of the panes of leaves and flowers throughout the restaurant. The hostesses were pleasant and even pulled out a chair for me when we got to the table. Our server was also nice and helpful, and didn't forget anything, although he did give us the wrong check the first time (it was the check from the table directly next to us), he amended it quickly and with a sincere apology. It's a restaurant I would come back to because the food was just amazing. I could eat that soup every day for a week and I wish every piece of salmon I ever order would taste like that salmon. It was perfection.
4	Return lunch visit and finally tried the Chinois Chinese chicken salad.... Yum!!!Would return again just for that. Great energetic service!
4	I had a crazy combination but it was great.  I had the calamari and an order of pancakes and no I wasn't drunk lol.  Both were so flavorful and great portion size.  It's also great that they are open all night.
5	This was a great night with an incredible dinner and a waiter who knocked our socks off. He was so attentive, as if we were the only people in this crowded and very popular restaurant. His name is Derrick L. Thank you Derrick for making our 26th anniversary so special. I'm a fan. :)
5	Really really like this place. This weekend I took my wife out to the MGM to see KA. It was to celebrate our 8th anniversary which is Tuesday. We wanted to find somewhere nice but nearby so we could enjoy our dinner before the show. Wolfgang Puck Bar and Grill to the rescue. This is a great place! It is literally directly in front of the entrance of KA and the food is great. We had the Mesquite Steak Skewers for an appetizer and they were phenomenal. My wife had a pizza and I had the Lasagna. Both were fantastic. We finished the night off with a Chocolate Souffle which we great. The service here is also top notch, Sarah, our server, and all of the staff were friendly and welcoming. We will definitely be back. One of the coolest things we noticed is that everyone who works there welcomes you as your are coming in the restaurant and being seated. They literally go out of their way to say "Welcome." Then as you leave they thank you for coming in the exact same fashion. Little touches like this make the restaurant even better to visit.
5	awesome food and awesom service ! we had pizza and it was fantastic.loved this place!
5	The grilled burger was soooo good! Beautiful restaurant and surprisingly good prices ! They have a kids menu which was great since we had our six year old. Daughter with us ! Excellent staff  and drinks !
5	The Chinois Chicken Salad, Chopped Salad & Soppresseta Pizza were out of this WORLD. That good.Nick at the bar was a bit dry and his cocktails were uninspiring.Otherwise, love this place and this menu.
2	Spaghetti sauce tasted like chef boyardee and $18 for 5 ravioli. Then we went for an actual dinner afterward.
4	April 27, 2014Vegas food after Hakkasan to see Tiesto!The ladies and I ordered their Milestone soup and it was yummy. We ordered the calamari and fries and crab cakes....great food to sober up to!I LOVE VEGAS!
4	Fresh pasta dishes and the appetizers were yum(steak skewers and truffle laced kettle chips with blue cheese(get these), calamari was good but kinda salty), prices were fair for the atmosphere, cheaper than nearby restos like hakkasan, craftsteak, emerils, michealmina or Joel robechon's joints
1	Wow what a disappointment and a shame to Wolfgang Puck's name. If I were Wolfgang Puck, I would probably be embarrassed to associate my name to this restaurant. Appetizers were decent.Tuna tartar was a bit weird having sweet soy on too to create a syrupy mouthfeel.Calamari was calamari, nothing special.Crab cakes were actually quite good. I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs because how can you go bad with a classic right? Pasta was cooked well, but the meatballs were just salty balls. Friend of mine got the Rigatoni which was also salty. Is the chef tasting the food before sending it out?Our server was terrible and not attentive at all and the busser/backwaiter was more helpful and attentive. (Didn't catch his name, but is a local and the first time he gambled he said he won $300. Hope you read this) We were never asked if any of the dishes were ok. Had to wait about 15 minutes  until the backwaiter asked if we were all done and wanted the check. When the server drops the check he doesn't even say a word. No greeting when leaving from any of the staff other than who? Another backwaiter!!Manager that was wearing a bright red shirt doesn't care about anything except texting and using his phone on the floor. Doesn't table touch any of the tables nor have any idea of what is going on in the restaurant. He almost greeted us on the way out, but looked at us and continued to lean on the counter and continue his conversation with the hostess. Nice!!!Overpriced and service sucks for what it is. Sorry for the negative post, but I want my hour and a half of my life back..
2	Ambience & service are great~food is okay. I got the burger, which at $17, was the cheapest option. It was dry & flavorless. The fries were limp shoestrings seasoned w/ too much salt. The salad was a joke. Two pickles and coleslaw, yes coleslaw, on two pieces of romaine.
5	Wonderful food and service. Let me start off with the wait staff, they were very professional, very attentive, and well trained.  My husband and I split a salad and pizza. They divided the salad into two, which was unexpected and we really appreciated it. We would make sure we ate here again on our next trip.
2	I ordered a salmon dish with asparagus and other vegetables. There was nothing wrong with the quality of the food, but it literally took me 30 seconds to eat because the portion size was so small. I really do not like spending $26 on a dish that doesn't come close to filling me up. We had to go eat somewhere else afterwards since we were still hungry.
4	First spot I landed at when arriving in Vegas after checking into the MGM. It was late, and I was famished but didn't want something heavy. I ordered the tuna tartare and it was exactly what I needed. Small, fresh, just enough food to hold me to the next day and allow me to sleep without indigestion. Success! Had a few rounds of drinks with colleagues. Wine was good. Champagne was delicious. We ate at Craftsteak the night after and everyone who ordered beef said Wolfgang's steaks were better. Also, a lot of restaurants closed early, but this was still going strong. Highly recommend!
4	Really great food! Prices are not bar prices so don't be fooled. Calamari is really good and they have nice drinks. Crab cakes look beyond delicious!
2	Expected better.  Service was horrible.  People around us, who arrived after us were served first.  I'm on vacation so I'm not in a hurry, but an acknowledgment and an apology would have been nice.  Food was decent.  Nothing to rave about.  Especially the fact that we were right by the side of the casino and had to smell cigar smoke throughout dinner.  BARF!
2	I can sum up my experience like women's comparing of guy's units: falling short in expectations..Yeah sorry, that's all that came to mind.I tried the world renowned blue cheese chips and in my view the salt in there was so overpowering that it did make it a bit unpleasant to get down and it didn't help either that they lost heat pretty quick. I did like the water if that counts?Entree wise since it was lunch I went with a pizza and although I don't remember what I had exactly I do remember the taste and alas it tasted just like the name: a puck. Well maybe not that far, but it by no means has me coming back for more at all.
3	During my last trip to Vegas on biz back on April I arrived after midnight and checked into the MGM Grand. After I dropped off my luggage in the room I ran down to play some blackjack for an hour or so. At that point I was ravenous and needed a bite to eat. This casino is huge but many spots to eat at were already closed for the night. I wandered over to Wolfgang Puck and it was still open. Open until 6 am so its a life saver when drunk and hangry! Pretty decent cheeseburger here. Big and filling. Fries are shoestring style and just ok. A few craft beers on tap about six or so such as Full Sail Amber.Plenty of seating surrounding the floor, and a nice bar area I sat at. The bartender on duty that night was attentive enough and got me my food and drink pretty quickly. Overall, no real complaints here, but a bit on the pricey side. It is in a casino after all. Not a bad spot to grab a meal, especially in the middle of the night when on a gambling bender.
3	This restaurant is right in the middle of the slots at MGM, so if you are looking for something more intimate go elsewhere. The decor was really slick and well designed. I had the margarita pizza which was cooked really well and had great wood fire taste. Service was quick and efficient.
4	Every time we come to vegas, we never fail to stop by this joint. It's awesome for efficient service and is open till the wee hours of the night :) This time we had the... 1. tuna tartare - which was raw tuna mixed with spicy mayo, a little bit of teriyaki sauce (as far as my tastebuds could tell) and topped with avocado. Almost like a sushi without the rice! It was delicious! The crispy golden wanton chips were the perfect companion for this dish. Too bad we only had 4 chips!!! Unlike at Pacific Catch where they give you more than you can count! 2. Crab cakes - The waiter was very accommodating. Even though crab cakes was not on the menu for the evening he put in a special request for us. They were delicious! 3. Lastly, dessert - chocolate beignets -  my favorite!!! Except this time, they didn't have chocolate, instead they had regular beignets stuff with light citrus tasting custard. It was even better than the chocolate beignets! Chocolate beignets with chocolate dip can get a little excessive and I could never eat more than 3. However, regular beignet felt much lighter in comparison and I could easily waffle down 4 with  a nice not-too-sweet caramel toffee dip.
4	Loved this place. Service was fantastic which is hard to come by in Vegas. Ordered the calamari-3 stars (just a tad overxooked)Truffle blue cheese chips-5 stars!  So good and flavorful, not as heavy as I would have thought.Chicken salad-5 stars. This salad is huge and is so filling. Candied cashews, huge chunks of chicken, wontons, cilantro, plus much more. This salad has an amazing dressing with a wasabi flavor giving it a kick.Would definitely eat here again.
3	We had the home made pasta with veggies and the flat iron steak. It was nothing out of the ordinary. Noisy because it is open to the casino area.
5	The food and service were both wonderful here! I've been to Vegas twice and eaten at this restaurant three times. The pizza was probably my least favorite but the BLT, chicken salad sandwich, and chicken noodle soup were all top notch. I would recommend this restaurant at the MGM!
2	Wolfgang Pucks is one of my favorite chain restaurant so I came here with expectations that this would meet their standards. Was here on a Weekday lunch. Service was decent in effort, but I could tell that most were light on experience. Maybe the rookie staff gets weekday lunches. Busboy, please don't ask me every 5 minutes if I'm done with my meal while reaching for my plate; the fact that I'm still eating is a cue that I'm not.The restaurant is clean and has nice decor. We ordered the "Tempura Battered Fish". It was not tempura battered, definitely beer battered. Also, the fish was so small and the batter so much that I felt like I was eating batter only plus it was greasy. The ice tea was good though and the appetizer that I got which was the Tartare was okay. Plenty of good places in Vegas. Won't be coming back here.
3	Service was good. Food average but overpriced. The pizza was not tasty and exciting and the side spinach tasted like it had too much flower. The shrimp diavolo was ok and Mac and Cheese was sweet, thick and blend. Would not go back.
1	when in Las Vegas, you shouldn't expect good, quality foods. however, you SHOULD expect to pay an outrageous amount for low quality, tasteless food. I really don't understand how this restaurant received a 4/5 star review. maybe everyone is drinking or already drunk so they can't accurately make a review. a plate of flavorless pasta will set you back $25 before tax. the service was fine, no complaints on that part. the food was so terrible that no matter how good the service could have been, it stillwould have been a horrible experience. doyourself a favor and go to Walgreens or CVS and buy a styrofoam cooler, gets drinks and snacks to keep in your room so you don't have to go out every time you want something to eat.
3	After a long night at Hakasaan.  We came to eat here, yes it was 5:30 in the morning so we were 1 of 3 tables.  The service was ok, he took a while to check back for our drink refills.   The food was just ok.  Nothing spectacular.  The food was overpriced but I expect this in Vegas.  Overall just ok.
4	Good food although we ate light. Had a specialty drink that was great. Told the waiter how much I enjoyed it and he came back with a printout of the recipe. Prices in casinos are always inflated so it obviously isn't going to be cheap but we still ate cheaper and better than senior frogs
4	I'm gonna be honest - I ate here after a night of drinking, britney concert, gambling and more drinking. With that said.. the pizza was amazing!! Also, the service was spot on considering it was 2am.
5	We dine here and pay by our MGM resort credit, which is very good experience for another famous Chef is Las Vegas.The restaurant is casual and service is also warm. Don't need to make a reservation and  the dress code is also casual.Nice try for Wolfgang and we enjoy the dish and drink we order.
5	The food is great, second time we ate here while in vegas and I must say it was just as good as the last time, not to mention the service is great very friendly staff that makes you feel right at home. Next time you're here try the crab cakes and chili glazed chicken wings. Oh and can't forget desert try the creme brule.
4	I was hesitant to eat here, as the menu just didn't sound that appealing, but the husband was adamant about coming here, so we did. I am glad we ended up here! The service was outstanding! Very attentive, friendly, and filled with great recommendations. I had their pineapple mojito at the recommendation of our server and it was the perfect amount of herb and sweet.... very good. It was 12$, but hey, this is Vegas.... that was kind of a steal. For lunch, I had their soup of the day... a Thai coconut chicken soup.... it was sooo good. The best part was the tender mushrooms, and I don't even like mushrooms! The husband had a club sandwich, and he enjoyed it thoroughly. It came with a nice salad that was lightly dressed. Lunch was a bit pricey at about 50$, but considering I got a drink, this wasn't too bad. I would come back!
5	We were looking for a nice place to eat before a concert and I'm so glad this was suggested. It was a great bargain for the excellent food and service. Four of us shared 4 dishes which were all excellent. I ordered the shrimp fra diavolo served over polenta, the balance of creamy texture and spice was amazing. The rigatoni with sausage was comfort food perfected. I didn't try the steak skewers, but my friends that had it, loved them. The last dish we had was a pizza with prosciutto, feta, basil and olives. It was rich, but delicious. The service was friendly and efficient.
4	From the first time I tried out Wolfgang Puck Bar and Grill out of convenience, I have been back multiple times! Wolfgang's service and food have been consistently good, which seems to keep some regular customers over the weekend. The bar is a one of the best seats in the house! The bartenders are always on top of everything where my water was always filled and the dishes were always ready to be peppered; top notch! Wolfgang is a nice restaurant, but still casual enough where they have items priced from $15-30 (including pizza, sandwich, pasta, fish, and burgers). -Dishes-Linguine Pancetta with steamed clams: My go to dish at Wolfgang Puck Bar and Grill! I always order this dish when I drop by Vegas. It's flavorful and the balance between the clams and Pancetta makes this dish buttery good. Cesar Salad: Visually pleasing and tasty with the right amount of dressing.. One of the best Cesar Salad I have ordered, nom!Burger and Fries: Burger layered to perfections; juicy meat with fresh buns! The fries are 'to die' for as well; no stale fries!Tortellini Short Rib with Squash Puruee: This dish is a balance of the sweetness from the squash and heavier sauce versus the Short Ribs. It's great! This dish is a slightly lighter than other, which is a great option for a smaller stomach. Overall, great food with chic decor inside MGM!
5	I came here on vacation with a bunch of my friends to get away and we decided to go to Wolfgang Puck's Bar and Grill. Unfortunately, one of my friends got sick with the flu on our trip, so he wasn't able to eat most foods. We went to this restaurant and were fortunate enough to have Bradford as our waiter. We were casually talking to him and told him our friend got sick and he decided to give us chicken broth to go for him to help with his flu. Bradford was so thoughtful and caring! I will be sure to come back here and I hope to have Bradford as my waiter again.
5	Natalie and her partner "the 70's porn star" were awesome last night behind the bar!  The food and drinks were perfect!  Natalie gave her recommendations and she was right!  The tuna tartare was fresh and tasty, the spaghetti w/meatballs was freaking awesome, and my wife had the veggie pizza that was very fresh and was cooked perfectly!!!  The customer service was perfect!  Both bartenders really seemed to enjoy talking to is and it made the experience perfect!  Thank you
3	The service was good and the place has a nice ambience to it. The food is good but nothing really to boast about. I had the linguine with grilled jumbo shrimp and my bf had breakfast sandwich. The serving size is quite generous but I find that both dishes are overly salty.
3	Wanted to try this restaurant being as we were in Vegas and Wolfgang Puck is a renowned chef. My experience wasn't bad by any means, but after having been to Gordon Ramsay's BurGR restaurant the night before, this place fell short of my expectations. I got their linguini with shrimp, which was good, but for the restaurant I was in and the price I was paying, I would have wanted something that blew me away. This dish did not. My friend got their fish with a side of pasta, and her fish was a little on the dry side. We had to ask for bread a couple of times--it wasn't automatically brought to our table. The ambience of the restaurant was ok--a little too floral for my taste but you could tell it was an upscale place.I did like our waiter--he was friendly and helped to customize my friend's order so that she got the pasta on the side instead of the veggies, and he didn't charge her extra. I would say there are too many other restaurants to try in Vegas, you wouldn't be missing out on anything passing over this place.
4	I've been wanting to try a Wolfgang Puck restaurant for a long time, and it definitely did not disappoint! I came to the MGM location on a double date during lunch time, and they have a pretty extensive menu at the expected price range. I ordered the white pizza, which was topped with ricotta, caramelized onions, garlic, chicken, and spinach. I loved that the pizza was not overly creamy, and the ingredients were just the right amount to not overwhelm the thin crust. My boyfriend had the burger, which had a hefty patty that was cooked perfectly. The seeded bun was a nice touch, and the shoestring fries were crispy but not oily. My best friend had the chinois salad, which was also an extremely generous size. The flavors were great, and the dressing was not too heavy as to overwhelm the veggies. Her boyfriend ordered the fish and chips, breaded to the ideal ratio and revealing perfectly flaky fish in the inside. Overall, we had a really satisfying meal that didn't overwhelm our stomachs and left our tastebuds happy!
4	Great place to dine when at the MGM. Good pasta and average pizza. A bit costly but it's ok.
4	4 out of 5 stars mainly for the service. Everyone was very attentive, asking how we were doing, refilling our water, giving us more bread (sourdough and some sort of onion bread).Tips:- We ordered the ribeye and told them we would be sharing. They will split everything (vegetables, steak, etc.) for you without an additional cost. Nicer restaurants typically do this for their customers, but some will charge a fee. - My dad asked for Tabasco sauce with his pasta (I know, kinda weird), and they gave us a handful of cute travel-size Tabasco bottles to use and take home with us. Now, my dad can conveniently have hot sauce with him at all times.
5	I thought this restaurant was amazing. Before I get to the food, the service was really considerate and attentive even though I was with a rather large party. A few of us were cashing in their myVEGAS rewards and it went through without any hassle. The staff and their friendly attitude already set us in a good mood.Without further ado, the food was A+. For the appetizers, I was able to try a bit of the tuna tartare and that was delicious. The flavors blended together so nicely that I wished I had my own order. As for the entrees, I had the grilled salmon and frankly, it was one of the best salmon dishes I've ever had. It was seared beautifully; the outside was crisp while the inside was slightly undercooked. I also got to try my friend's Ribeye (great) and the Linguini with grilled shrimp (as a pasta lover, this was very good). Moreover, I tried Brussel sprouts for the first time here and I couldn't stop eating it!Overall, I felt that this restaurant was worth the hype. Everything, from the food to the service, was on point. I would definitely dine here again if I'm back in Sin City.
4	I came here twice during my three night stay at the MGM...needless to say, I was a fan! The first night we splurged on an excellent salmon dish, prepared perfectly and complimented with a fresh garden salad and brussels sprouts (without the bacon). The service was excellent and I enjoyed the not too loud environment. The second time we went mainly because many of the other restaurants had closed (who knew places closed at 10pm in Vegas!?), but it was an equally great meal! I was happy to go back, but obviously on such a short trip we had hoped to try other restaurants. This time we shared a salad and pizza, I made my half veggie and my friend had chicken on hers. We both ate all of our slices and left feeling great for the evening ahead! If you can splurge definitely try a seafood dish, and if you are feeling a little more financially reserved, the pizzas are a great and filling option. Enjoy :)
4	Came to eat here because hakkasan line was wayyy too long and I didn't want to wait. Plus we wouldn't have made it in time for guestlist.We got wings as an appetizer and they were pretty good! Crispy yet juicy.My man got the spaghetti pasta which was delicious!! The sauce to meat ratio was perfect! He wasn't able to finish it all. I got the burger with fries. The fries were so crispy and good! I was only able to finish half of my meal so we got a togo box and had a delicious midnight snack. Overall the dining expletive was okay. Our waiter only checked up on us once...
4	For Vegas, the pricing is pretty decent. A little less than $20 for a very nice burger. I ordered a medium rare burger and it came out ever so slightly overdone, but still very juicy and embarrassing to eat. Everyone I dined with (5 people) was pleased with their meal. Others ordered pizza, soup, pasta and a panini. Nothing was "the best ever" but it was all solidly very good, and reasonably priced for lunch. Service was great too. Polite without being condescending.
3	5 stars for food, and one star for service. Our waitress was horrible! She came to us without saying anything expect "are you ready to order?" Never checked on us expect towards the end to bring the check. The busser was pretty much our server. Left a 18% tip only because of the busser.
5	Just had the sweet corn soup. Omg. Yum!!!!!I will order that again next time I come here.
5	My partner and I came here as a "last resort" due to our late check-in to MGM, it was a Thursday night and quarter to midnight so a lot of the nearby fine-dining restaurants were closed and we definitely didn't feel like fast food.Although it was late there was a wait list for seating (4th July does tend to get pretty packed) but we were seated within five minutes and had drinks almost immediately after sitting down.The menu is extensive and all of the meals sound delicious! I had the grilled Salmon and my boyfriend had the meatballs and we were definitely not disappointed- absolutely delicious. Another high point of our experience was the attentiveness and overall awesome of the servers, very knowledgeable, friendly and prompt. It was such a fantastic experience and I definitely recommend Wolfgang Puck to everyone who likes excellent food and great service!
5	I'm pretty leery of celebrity chain restaurants. We ate here sort of on a whim and I was absolutely delighted that we did. The Chinese Chicken Salad was one of the best salads I've ever had. The cheeseburger was one of the best burgers I've ever had. I've been a lot of places all over San Fran, LA, Vegas, and NYC. I'm not exaggerating. Our meal was dang good. VERY reasonably priced for Vegas. Will definitely be returning on subsequent visits to Vegas.
4	In MGM hotel, right in front of CDS' Ka Theatre. At 10pm, there was no line, so was seated immediately. Menu is small, about 6-8 appetisers, mains, desert. I ordered the spicy tuna tatare (About $20, very good) and a mushroom pizza (about $18, thin crust, light and delicious). Servers were professional and attentive. Hostess was aloof and rolled her eyes at me (unconscious, I hope, and I am generally thick-skinned about such things). Dinner was Thurs, 10 July.
4	Beautiful tomato caprice. Excellent wine selection. Extremely noisy and set on the main path to the parking deck. Service is impeccable!
2	We have been here for over an hour and our food isn't even here... They took 30 minutes to take out order... We haven't left because we are very hungry otherwise we would leave and go somewhere else .
5	Came here with the family to grab something to eat while staying at the MGM. We ordered the calamari and the linguine pasta with shrimp. The food was good and the prices are decent for Vegas. I could honestly say, this was one of the tastiest place we dined in Vegas and will definitely be back.
3	I ate here because I had no other choice.Wandered around the MGM grand and couldn't find the exit (sober). Looped around this place and I'm like... listen it's late, just get some food.Food wasn't bad, got some pasta and shrimp. The beer was better and service was alright. I slept with a full belly.
5	By far one of my top 5 favorite restaurants ever. The food selection is great even for a vegetarian! The creme brulee and gluten free pasta are to die for. Even the water tastes great. The atmosphere and staff are wonderful too. I always eat here when im in Vegas
5	YUMMY!!!!!  My husband and I LOVE this restaurant!  EVERY TIME we go to Vegas or Los Angeles we always make it a point to come to this restaurant.First up are their wings.  My husband LOVES them.  They are always cooked to perfection.  The flavor is great!  He orders them whenever we visit.Next up is the chicken salad sandwich on cherry pecan bread.  Talk about delicious!!  The bread's flavor is very unique.  Always nice and fresh.  The chicken salad is just as good as the bread.  Best chicken salad I have ever had.Italian sausage wood oven pizza: EXCELLENT.  Very good.  Flavor is very different from what regular pizza joints have to offer.  Finally, my absolute favorite, the free range chicken breasts with yukon potato puree.  The chicken is absolutely huge (and I do mean HUGE) but it is always cooked to please.  It is so tender & juicy it just melts in your mouth.  Now, I do have to admit, the 1st time I went to the restaurant I was like, what the heck is yukon potato puree.  That sounds so nasty, but to my surprise it was great!  Very flavorful!  I would recommend this restaurant to everyone looking to have a great meal.  Yeah, it's a little expensive, but it's Vegas baby.  What do you expect?
3	Stopped by this restaurant for a late dinner.  This restaurant is very open with views of the casino atmosphere and people walking by as you eat.  It was pretty busy for late at night and the service was very quick.  We only wanted a quick bite to eat so we split the salad and it was a good portion to share.  The offer sparkling or tap water like most  fine dining restaurants.  It is a relatively affordable dining option but Vegas overall is going to be pretty expensive so just be aware.
4	3.5 stars is precisely what I would give this wolfgang puck restaurant.  its located in the restaurant section of the mgm. I tried to make a reservation for sunday night and it was all booked up, monday lunch seeemed easy to get right in. the ambiance was casual dining. our waiter was attentive and recommended  good dishes. I tried a little bit of everyones entree at my table . I split the halibut, which I though was perfectly cooked and a good size for two to eat. my friends got seafood pasta, which perhaps could of had more cheese. another dish we tried was the leek soupe and classic calamari appetizers. :)overall a good dining experience, my only complaint is that its great for groups, but not very private or intimate being that there were no windows where we sat. you cohld pretty much catch conversations from random bystanders in the casino walking by.
5	One of the best meals I have had in Vegas! Both the service and food was absolutely amazing! Special thanks to our server Brayden!
5	My boyfriend and I were given a Wolfgang Puck gift card, and found out there was one in the MGM where we were staying. When making the reservation, the hostess asked us if we were celebrating anything. I informed her that we were celebrating our 3 year anniversary and that we were in a long distance relationship.When we were seated and brought our menus, I was so surprised. At the top of their menu, they had "Happy 3rd Anniversary" printed on the top. Yes it was something small, but it meant a lot to me. We both ordered the linguini pasta with shrimp and it was amazing. We ended with creme brulee for dessert and it was delicious.The wait staff was great and we never had to really wait for anything to come to our table or for our drinks to be refreshed.Thank you for making our anniversary dinner so great!!!
5	Great customer service from Bobby and Dylan at 4 AM. Highly recommend the truffle chips, steak skewers, and Margherita pizza.
4	Ongelooflijk lekkere keuken!De voorgerechten zijn fantastisch. Probeer de scampi's!En de steak was subliem. Zelfs een "simpele" spaghetti with meatballs is hier ongelooflijk lekker!
5	Great food, great service, at a reasonable price for on the strip. Their calamari was probably some of the best  I've ever eaten! The prosciutto pizza was really good too! It's definitely worth a trip to the MGM.
5	This is one of those restaurants where everything is going to be delicious. We had the blue cheese chips, fettucine, pizza and wings. All of these can be very mediocore or poor if not done properly. All of these were excellent. The chips were crispy and the topping was abundant but not overpowering. The fettucine was al dente with an understated seasoning. The pizza was thin with flavorful toppings. The wings were crisp and delicious. Looking around at other tables revealed that all of the dishes looked to be excellent.The service was efficient and friendly. The location inside the MGM allowed people watching. The hours are convenient. What is not to like?
5	I wanted my first review on yelp to be a positive one.  I have worked at MGM for the past 6 years and this restaurant has been a staple in my weekly life.  The product is always consistent and wonderful.  I have tried the entire menu which consisted of amazing pasta dishes, fish specials, and great salads.  Just yesterday I lost the battery on my phone and they provided me with a portable iphone 5 charger at the table.  It's always the little things that make such a great experience.  I will continue to recommend the puck to all friends staying at MGM (breakfast, lunch, and dinner)
4	Options are few, but the food is delicious. The gf cheese ravioli was good times. The trio of cupcakes was also very good.
5	cool yummy good grub, with a nice selection of non-alcoholic beers if i do say so myself.
4	The food was great. My wife and I both had the Chinois Chicken Salad and it was probably the best chicken salad we've had. The only items preventing a five star review was the stools at the bar weren't very comfortable and we had to flag down someone for refills. We would come back again.
3	My friend and I waited over 30 minute for a table here and were quoted 15.  Hostess sat numerous people behind us first.  Portions on appetizers were tiny.  I had a blackberry cocktail it was strong and good.  My entree was a sausage pizza variation.  The sausage looked like salami.  I've never had sausage look like that and I've been to high end Italian places before.  Food was good, but over priced.   $80 for a small pizza, one drink, one soda, lasagna and appetizer.   I wouldn't return to pay that much again.   Food was brought out quickly and wait staff was attentive.
4	I'm never too impressed w/the Wolfgang puck venues. On the plus side I'm never too disappointed either!  If you wanna be surprised by the creations of a chef you need to check Jose Andreas's restaurants. E' at Cosmo and Bazaar at the SLS. Anyways The food is good here and seems fresh. Sometimes a little too much oil for my taste.
5	I don't know who does the hiring here but the STAFF is ALWAYS soooooo NICE! The Vibe is so cool.  They always play great music. The food is executed to perfection!  I highly recommend you try EVERYTHING!
4	Can I say LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUD? Holy guacamole, it was loud. Definitely not a good place for a first date or a meeting or catch-up-talk-story kind of place because it is open to the public but my boyfriend & I enjoyed ourselves, nonetheless. We were shouting at each other rather than talking cause it was so loud but we were laughing the whole time. It was fun. Now that you've been warned about the noise, onto the food. It's delicious. Seriously. The complementary bread and butter was yummy and they didn't hesitate to give us seconds once we were done with our first basket. Oh, and the servers were great! Very friendly and attentive. Refilled our drinks almost instantaneously. Okay, back to the food. My boyfriend got the Grilled Burger. It was huge, tasty, juicy and flavorful. He devoured it. I ordered the Jidori Chicken and Potato Puree with Veggies. I practically slurped that Rosemary Jus because it was just yummy. The chicken is pan seared and baked. Honestly, the juiciest chicken I have ever had in my life. Not dry or over-salted at all.. it was seasoned perfectly and I was sad after my last bite.Since we were locals, we ended with a complementary dessert to share. (They won't ask if you're local. Just tell them you are & they will be more than happy to hand you the dessert menu). We got the Beignets with Citrus Custard inside and Caramel Dipping Sauce. I wasn't a big fan of the citrus custard and would have loved for it be simply a vanilla custard but I liked it for the most part. The price is cheaper than most restaurants on the strip. I was looking for something that wasn't solely burgers but I didn't want to splurge too much so this place was a great choice. Will definitely be back someday!
5	This place is on point. Amazing food and service. Not very romantic or intimate but if you're looking for a truly delicious meal then I highly suggest you come here. I ordered the salmon, which was cooked and seasoned to perfection. It came with a tasty corn/ pico de gallo-esque salad. One word DIVINE. My bf ordered the burger which he also seemed to enjoy. My only critique is the not so intimate setting, but the impeccable food flavors and service totally make up for that! I cannot wait to come back!!!
4	Need a good feed before going to the hakkanas night club. We had the spaghetti with meatballs and spicy tomatoes. And the half chicken. The food was amazing. My spaghetti was amazing. The best I've ever had.My wife chicken, it does take a while to be cooked but the well worth the weight. Juicy and tender. Defiantly wasn't expecting this quality from here. AMAZING!!
4	We had dinner here our first night in Vegas.  Prime time (7:00) but only a 10 minute wait. Restaurant is nice and open feeling.  Wide open to the MGM casino which was great for people watching. Food was very good. My wife has the spagetti and she was raving about it a few days later. I had soup and salad (I know, sort of odd) and it was great. The salad with the blue cheese dressing was one of the best I have ever had. Small but excellent.  Prices are about what you would expect. I think we spent about $75 for two which included one drink each.
5	Wonderful!! My shrimp were delicious. The texture was like a tender lobster. The roasted cauliflower was perfect too.  The prices were very reasonable especially for Vegas.
4	I know that Wolfgang's restaurants are very hit-or-miss, but I do find that the ones in Las Vegas are all quite reputable. This one located in the MGM just across from the KA Ticket office is excellent.Delicious and hearty American fare at reasonable prices (for the generous portions). We got the burger, pork belly sandwich, and a side of mac and cheese - for two people, we were stuffed and ended up bringing half of our dinner home for late night! The sandwiches were $17 each (but both had huge sides of fries or Greek macaroni salad) and the Mac n Cheese was $12. Service was top notch and continuously attentive. The ambiance is casual but still contemporary inside with an open-faced layout facing the casino outward. Great for dates, small groups, large groups, or just to get a bite to eat any time of the day. They are open daily until 5AM!
3	Didn't realize Wolfgang Puck had a place at the MGM until I walked right in front of it and decided we had to have a late lunch here: opted to share appetizers, a pizza, and a dessert. Pricing wasn't bad at all, casual style and cuisine.CRAB CAKE APPETIZER: Four small cakes, didn't hold up too well, plated with a tasty creole mustard remoulade. CHILI-GLAZED CHICKEN WINGS: Awkward pile of a portion, stacked like firewood on the plate. The wing I got looked like it came out of a lab and seemed to be a rib instead of a wing? Flavor of the glaze was light and wasn't spicy. PIZZA: Prosciutto, Kalamata Olives, Tomatoes, Basil Pesto, Goat CheeseCrust was amazing, prosciutto was high quality, cheese and pesto were delicious. Felt like the kalamata olives didn't work with the other ingredients, made the overall flavor profile too salty for my liking. BEIGNETS: Large order of seven pieces, stuffed with a light lemon filling and served with a toffee-like dipping sauce. Flavors didn't work well together but pastry was light and well-constructed.Service and setting were alright- tables are quite small and even with just three of us, drinks, and a limited number of orders, things were crammed onto the table with barely enough room.  Plates weren't cleared when they were empty but instead had to be picked up when the next dishes were brought out, either poor timing or a lack of attention.
5	What an awesome experience this was! My boyfriend got the marinated steak strips with the mashed potatoes and I got their bolognese pasta. The marinade on the steak was AMAZING. I honestly could've eaten like 5 or more of those dishes and been perfectly fine for the rest of the evening. The service was very good, extremely attentive and always made sure we were satisfied with our meal.I will definitely be returning the next time I'm in town!
3	Pretty overpriced, but its getting hard to tell if that's just the Vegas thing, or because it's got Wolfgang's name attached to it. I say overpriced, but shockingly they also have one of the cheapest items around as well: their pizza. The pizza was ridiculously cheap compared to everything else, was under $20 and was more than enough for two people (we had a box to take the rest home).The people near us had a burger and steak, and neither seemed too happy with their choices. The burger was cooked beyond recognition, looked like a huge hunk of coal.Their pasta looked good, but not almost $30 a plate good.Oh, and our pizza was decent, a little plain though. The crust was ridiculously basic, no flavor or spices added to it, overall didn't have a ton of flavor, but if you're drunk or high I'm sure it tastes pretty good. Just don't order a soda or anything, they're like $5 each or some nonsense. Their wines start at like $70, so that was really off the list for us to try.
1	This place had the worst food I've had on my entire vacation.  It's basically an Applebee's for 3 times the price.  Service was crap, its loud, and the water has soap in it.  WTF Wolfgang?!
4	I would say this probably the best restaurant in mgm.  Who can say no to a 9 dollar orange juice fresh squeeze.  The burger was delicious and the pizza is it.  Have to disagree with the blue cheese truffle chips.  Unless you love blue cheese, I would skip it.   The blue cheese is just way to overpowering.
5	We go to Vegas once or twice a month and I always eat dinner at least once while we are there! The food and the service here just seems to get better & better! We love the marinated pork & the chicken! For the price this place can't be beat!
4	Very pleased! Staff was great! Food was great! White Pizza was yum!!! Pancakes with Mascarpone was divine, Salad with cashews, steak, spinach, tuna tar tarI gave to say I enjoyed it all!!Felt like I came here every night hehe
3	This meal was ok. The steak had some grissle and it was just ok. I am kind of disappointed. It took forever to get the check and the the manager butted in during the close out of the check so it took even longer.
5	Service was friendly and delightful. Our server offered to do half portions for my soup and salad, which was perfect. My boyfriend had the breakfast sandwich, to which he added tomato and lettuce and, honestly, this might be the best breakfast sandwich of all time. The eggs were soft scrambled, the sausage was unbelievably good (made in house) and there was a wonderful remoulade style aioli on soft delicious bread. Can't say enough about it... really, the sandwich was incredible.
4	Sometimes it's the simple things.  You wander for miles on the Strip, need a sit-down, and want it to be a pleasant one.  That's what we got on a recent Saturday afternoon (before the big fight...they were busy!) Yet, we still were able to walk right in and plop down at the very busy bar.  Never once were we made to feel wrong for just wanting drinks. Husband really wanted some iced tea, and I was happy to have a nice Chardonnay.  (or two).  Reasonable prices.  Will say that ALL the food we saw get served around us looked awesome.  Had we not been full, we would have happily ordered more. Both of us were glad we picked this place to have an enjoyable refreshing sit-down!
4	4 stars because I think the price was a bit high. We went for lunch on a Sunday. I think we ordered off of the lunch menu. Or maybe they have one menu. Either way. I got the grilled burger with onion marmalade and Vermont cheese. Huge burger, great sauce, cooked to perfection. The burger came with a mountain of fries, I mean a mountain. Fries were just regular skinny cut fries. Nothing special. I finished my burger because it was so good. My girlfriend got the linguini with garlic sauce, pancetta, and steamed clams. She said the sauce was pretty flavorless but still enjoyed it. Would probably not order it again. We sat at the bar and the waitress was really nice. Gave us recommendations on food and was able to keep up some small talk. We paid $65 for two meals and a tiny sangria. I know we went to a more upscale restaurant but this was lunch. We paid less for DINNER at burgr. I would come back for dinner.
4	Went to Wolfgang Puck's on a Tuesday evening with my mom. We were greeted by friendly staff and immediately seated. The servers and bussers were very attentive and kind. We ordered the baby iceberg lettuce salad, which we were offered to split. This was the perfect size for us. The salad was fresh, yummy and had loads of cheese. We also split a Margherita pizza. The crust was light and crispy. The sauce had a really nice taste. We really enjoyed eating here and would definitely recommend it!
4	3.5 stars for the food. 4 stars for the service.Wolfgang Puck Bar and Grill is located inside MGM Grand. The food was pretty good (not great), but service was awesome. All the servers were very attentive and friendly.We ordered:Mixed Green Salad - A basic salad with mixed greens, tomatoes, and balsamic vinaigretteWhite Pizza - Pizza with roasted chicken, spinach, garlic, red onions, and feta cheese. This pizza was good but very creamy and heavy.Italian Sausage Pizza - Pizza with Italian sausage, roasted peppers, mushrooms, smoked ricotta, onions, and parsley. I enjoyed this pizza more than the White Pizza  because I prefer red sauce over white sauce.Hand Cut Fettuccini - Fettuccini with mushrooms, parmesan reggiano, and parsley. The pasta noodles were good.Overall, I enjoyed all the dishes. Although nothing was amazing, everything was good and decently priced for a Vegas restaurant.
3	The service was great. It was nice to ask the waiter about the food and for him to answer with great detail. My husband and I ordered the salmon and organic chicken both dishes were good and light.
5	Fantastic restaurant...one of the best meals I've had. We went before catching the 9:30 Ka show. Great service, friendly waitstaff, quick, simple but elegant atmosphere, and good food. The cheddar bread is delicious. I ordered the mussels, which was a heaping (at least 1.5 lbs) in a creamy, spicy red broth, with bread and homecut French fries...perfectly crisped. Everything tasted so fresh. My sister got goat cheese and spring pea manicotti. Waitstaff was very attentive, bringing heated washclothes at the end of the meal. Highly recommended.
4	My friends and I came here our first night in Vegas and had a nice dinner as a group. The service was excellent and the food was great. I got the chicken and roasted vegetables and the chicken was cooked perfectly. My husband got the flat bread and he thought it was tasty. Our friends got various dishes and they were pleased. I would definitely go back.
5	Outstanding. Food was great and the service was outstanding too. I had chicken and my wife the spaghetti and meatballs. Both meals were outstanding. Would for sure eat here again. Little pricey but worth it.
3	This place is open very late night. Great for late arrivals and you don't feel like eating fast food. Food is pretty good. Price is average for the strip. Expect to pay about 15-25 for you food.
2	To reduce the price of dinner we decided to eat at Wolfgang Puck. We ordered a pineapple mojito (12 dollar), a hurricane (16 dollar) and a coke (4,50 dollar). We shared the starter (tuna tartare 21 dollar) which was very good. Our son wanted a lasagne (21 dollar). Remark : very strange taste. The shrimp pasta (26 dollar) was too expensive. The fish of the day was very casual (33 euro) so also too expensive.We ended with a pear cheesecake (12 dollar) which was better the day before somewhere else.... The cafe latte was ok (4,50 dollar).The waiter was too pushy for his tip, in spite of a bill from 162,42 dollar.....The prices are raised and we don't see a reason why... no extra service or something special to order.For being 'a brasserie' it's not worth at all.We will not return, because for this price, we can eat better somewhere else.
1	The worst service  I've ever had. I would have been upset about the service but the food was even worse. Do NOT go HERE. You will be sick with disappointment.
4	While on vacation in Las Vegas, Nevada, my family and I decided to stop at Wolfgang Puck's restaurants at the MGM Grand for lunch. We didn't have reservations and still managed to be seated almost immediately upon arrival which was great! The staff was friendly and the ambience was relaxed and enjoyable. The restaurant wasn't too loud and the food was tasty. I had perfectly cooked Stripped Bass with roasted finger link potatoes and veggies with a glass of mojito. My kids had pizza and my husband had the Ricotta Gnocchi which he enjoyed. It was all delicious and I would definitely recommend it for anyone wanting a good meal at affordable prices inside the MGM.
4	Very good service and surprisingly easy to get in and be seated right away. Food was good and the service was excellent. The pasta dishes are fantastic and the white pizza was perfect. The drinks were a bit on the syrupy side but a minor gripe to an otherwise fantastic meal.
5	My FAVORITE restaurant that I tried during my trip here. My boyfriend and I came here on a Thursday night for dinner before seeing KA (located right across the hallway from here). There was no wait for table, and the setting was very nice. I wore leggings and felt very underdressed, but not too out of place. Service was wonderful, and the food was excellent. I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs, and my boyfriend got the linguine with shrimp. Everything was perfect, and probably the best pasta I've ever had. Drinks were very good, and I was super happy to finally get a Moscow Mule in a copper mug! Everywhere I ordered it from never had the copper mug, but Wolfgang Puck didn't disappoint. My boyfriend ordered a Manhattan, and it was perfect. A lot of other bars we've been to tend to use cherries and tons of ice instead of orange peel with just one block of ice, but the bartender did it the right way here. I would highly recommend this place to anyone. I think it beats a long buffet line with unsanitary people grabbing food with their hands from a hot tray any day.
5	For the price this is the best restaurant in the MGM and surrounding hotels. The fish and chips is ousts ding, and the service is spot on! Everyone is extremely friendly!!! I would highly recommend this place
3	For the prices and reputation, not impressed. Our food was tasty but not amazing. Nothing was hot, as they put the food to sit and wait on a marble countertop which cools the food way more than a different surface would such as wood. Won't return.
4	This was our 3rd choice while roaming MGM Grand looking for a sports bar to watch the football games. Unfortunately the 2 bars were packed and there was an hour wait. We were starved and need food STAT. Wolfgang Puck actually had a bar with a couple of TVs that were playing the football games. NICE!We were promptly seated at a table with a great view of the game. We were greeted immediately by our server and were offered the specials and a run through of the menu. We ordered a steak sandwich ($22), the Spaghettini ($20) and a draft Firestone Pale 31 to share ($8). The steak sandwich was flavorful and had a side of fries. The Spaghettini was simple and fresh. It could have used a little more salt or cheese, but otherwise very filling and loved the flavors.Great option to have a nice meal in MGM.
4	Went for lunch. The food was really good for the price. Vegas is super expensive ...Next time I'm in Vegas this will be my go to place...
4	Been here a couple of time on every stay at MGM. Food is ok. American food, burger, steak. Had the lasagna it was good. Service was ok.
5	My husband and I have made Wolfgang Puck at MGM our favorite place to eat each time we come to Vegas. We always stay at MGM.  And we eat at Wolfgang each night we are here. You couldn't ask for a better crew. They all are really the very best.Being on first name basis with all of them makes your dining experience more personal with the feeling that they will see to it that you will have all that you desire for your meal.I believe Jason is the top in management with JP and Jaimie seeing to it that the rest of the staff take care of your every need.Josh is exceptional as your bartender, being very attentive to your needs. Edwin, your chef see's to it that every dish is as special as the last.Christian, being your polisher makes sure that everything is polished above standard and very presentable.  Each of them always presents you with a smile and warm greeting. And then there is the food, oh the yummy food. They offer many wonderful dishes, never to disappoint. I can't say enough great things about the food. You just have to go and experience it all as we have and I am sure that Wolfgang Puck will also become your favorite place to go to also.Enjoy!
4	Lots of delicious options with a great space!I really like this restaurant for many reasons & it's a casual location with really great food. Its open to the casino floor & it has great energy. I've never ordered something I didn't enjoy & as for the decor goes it's surrounded by roses...I love it!Some of the dishes I recommend are the jidori chicken, chinois salad & all the pasta dishes! I'm a big fan! The service is always great!
4	Nice oasis if you want to get away from the "casino" experience for awhile.  It's all about the food and pleasant atmosphere, no machines at the bar, no keno updates in your face.  The food was tasty and served quickly.  One disappointment was the soup was served with out crackers...they don't have 'em.  Josh the bartender is easily one of the best on the strip, and there are a lot of bartenders on the strip. He is extremely friendly, and provides fast courteous service and makes you feel welcome.  (I had just lost a bundle & probably didn't tip him enough!  I'll get you next time Josh!!)  I had left my rewards card on the bar & Josh left his post & chased after me to be sure I got it!  Super nice of him and not many would have done that.  I'm glad he saved me 30 minutes in line to get another one!  I highly recommend the Apple cobbler, perfect portion size after a meal.
5	Their chicken salad sandwich on cranberry pecan bread is to die for! I was in heaven the whole time eating it and got sad as it came to an end. The flavors of the chicken salad and the bread were a perfect combo. Both savory with a tint of sweet. It also came with a light salad which I loved as well. For $15, I'd say it's a steal for vegas and very generous portions! I'm totally going back for more next time!
1	So upset. I've been getting the truffled maytag blue cheese potato chips consistently for the last 3 months. Tonight was the worst. Last week I ordered 2 and the chips were burnt and the sauce was so watery. Today I ordered one and the chips are in 2 small boxes burnt and there is no maytag blue cheese at all. YES THERE WAS NO BLUE CHEESE WHICH IS A MAJOR FACTOR IN THE DISH AND A PART OF THE NAME!   Out of the last 11 times in the last 3 months my opinion is I got screwed the last 2 times. Now I have to tell everyone I've preached this dish and establishment to not to go because the quality is not what it used to be.  The Pic Below Is What I Used To get. Not no more! But I do need to state that the employees and service are way above par. That has not changed.
4	Food and service was excellent. Tuna tartar with avacodo is my favorite!  in the casino feel is nice but extremely noisy...expecially with some rodeo thing going on.  We couldn't hear each other speak. Would definitely go here again but when it's less crowded.
5	Great, interesting food. Great service. My daughter had lasagne - excellent. I had Chinese salad - it was very gingery/mustardy. For me it was great!
4	The menu is a bit limited, but the staff did a great job modifying items. The staff is a big reason I gave them a 4. They rocked it with courtesy, professionalism am efficiency. Timely on everything. The only reason I gave them a 4 instead of 5 was because of their gluten free pizza. The crust was worse than cardboard. No fault of the staff, but it is what it is. The crust was horrible. Here's a tip Wolfgang  Puck chefs...research "My Bread" pizza crust. It's phenomenal. If you can't find it, call Kaleidoscope Pizza in Medford, Oregon and ask them. The return on your GF pizza will be well worth it financially.
5	I tried this restaurant when I went to visit my family in town for NFR. It was so good we went for lunch AND dinner. We just walked right in - there wasn't a wait, and there were plenty of tables. The drinks were expertly crafted. They have the BEST hurricane I've ever tasted. So smooth, so good. My aunt got the Raspberry lemon drop... three raspberry lemon drops, actually. The staff was beyond wonderful and even went out of their way to chat about the NFR showing on the TVs. The chicken noodle soup was the closest I've found to my mother's homemade, and the salmon I had for dinner was divine. It's a huge slab, so it was good for two meals. My aunt had a fantastic spicy shrimp dish and my uncle got a tender, juicy steak. For dessert, the creme brulee was heavenly. There wasn't a bad thing I tasted and the service was impeccable. I have absolutely nothing negative about it.
4	Food was very good and great service. Abit pricey but the flavors in the meal are worth it.
2	We came here twice and the first night was decent but the second night was awful.  Our food seemed like it was microwaved. The service was good, and that's why the got 2 stars instead if one. I suggest you try somewhere else if you have money you'd like to burn.
3	My boyfriend and I were staying at the MGM  and decided to come here for lunch. The food was amazing!! We got the truffled potato chips, fried calamari, and shared a pizza. However, it was some of the worst service I've ever had. Our waitress was too busy talking to her coworkers to take our order... If it was busy I would understand but it was 3pm on a Sunday and not busy at all. There was a lot of people walking around not really doing anything. We waited about 10 minutes and were about to walk out when she finally came over to our table. After finishing our appetizers and waiting for our pizza she never came over to refill our drinks or check on us. She was however about 10 feet away from us chatting and laughing with the hostess. We had to ask a busboy to refill our drinks. And my boyfriend had to ask twice for his water refill. Service was overall disappointing but if you want a good meal you won't be disappointed with the food.
2	Unfortunately the qualities gone down through the years. This used to be my go to place every time i visited vegas, but not anymore. I used to get their prime burger when they had it, but I don't think they have it anymore. So on this current visit, i ordered their regular burger, medium rare and it came out well done. This used to never happen, but on the last few trips, it's become a frequent occurrence. My friend ordered fettuccine shrimp scampi, and the fettuccine was undercooked. Still a decent restaurant, but now, the prices don't justify the quality imo.
5	Shrimp fettuccine & lasagne are incredible! Our waiter was very helpful & even told us about a Lychee drink they used to make,  and they were able to make it for us even though it was no longer on the menu! Yummm... I frequently stay at MGM signature & will definitely go back to this restaurant. No too pricey considering it's a Wokfgang Puck restaurant.
3	I would recommend the rigatoni with fennel sausage. Delicious! Don't waste your $10 on the house green salad (unless you enjoy a plate of a variety of lettuce) bland! Also, the fettuccine with shrimp is pretty good. Light and shrimp is great quality.
3	Went there last week for dinner. Boyfriend had spaghetti and meatballs and I had fettuccine with shrimp. They served bread. Food was good but nothing over the top. Service was good. He had a beer and had a glass of wine. No dessert. $100 bill. Seemed like a lot for pasta.
4	Me and my friend went for dinner. Seemed casual. We only waited five minutes to be seated, so that was nice. We were hungry and wanted everything!! We ended up getting the Mac and Cheese to start off. It was rich and creamy. They also brought us a selection of breads. We were a little full and our food hadn't even come out yet. The food came out and it looked amazing. My potatoes were a little salty or maybe I'm not used to it cooked like that, but it was still good. My steak was cooked just how I like it and green beans were perfect!! My friend got the chicken and she said it was ok, nothing special. She also said her mashed potatoes were a little salty as well. Overall good service and good food.
5	Food was delicious. Price great. I will be visiting here again on my next trip to Vegas.
5	The grilled shrimp fra diavola with polenta is the perfect small meal and there Wolfgang chardonnay is delicious.
4	I came here as I was stuck at MGM until my flight. It's strategically located across from the KA theater. It must be really busy around show time.I came around 3pm and the restaurant was busier than most. I was surprised!I ordered the BLT, which was delicious. I'm a really big fan of maple glazed bacon, so I had to try the maple glazed pork belly, and I am so glad that I did. The maple glazed pork belly was AMAZING in terms of flavor. The pork belly itself wasn't melt-in-your-mouth orgasmic tasting but it definitely met expectations. I also like how they mashed up the avocados so it was more like an avocado spread rather than slices. It helps spread the avocados into each bite!I'd come back for the BLT.
5	I've been here twice and it hasn't disappointed me, or the people I went with.First time I went, I had the lasagna, IT WAS AMAZING.The second time around, which was in 01/04/15, they weren't serving the lasagna but I replaced it with the Rigatoni and IT WAS AMAZING! HAHA! My girlfriend had the Prime New York Steak Sandwich and we were speechless. The sandwich was delicious, and the fries it came with were pretty damn good also.The service is always good in this place. We just came to the conclusion that we will never be disappointed in this restaurant.
