1	We tried this new place, even though there was only one car in the parking lot during lunch hour. The waitress was super nice and took feedback well, and there was a lot of feedback from my husband about the food. We ordered chips and salsa - the chips clearly came from the 99 cent store and the "salsa" was a little container of pink tomatoes and onions. my husband ordered a double Beam and Coke. Even though they had Jim Beam stuff everywhere, no Jim Beam yet. My husband had the carne asada, which looked promising. A big pile of meat with several char-grilled tortillas. Unfortunately they forgot to season the meat AT ALL and the tortillas were purchased at the same store as the chips. Maybe throwing in some onions and peppers would have helped. I had a salad (standard salad fare) and mac and cheese bites that we sampled at Costco last weekend (although the sauce was delicious.) So, with the $9 drink (double Captain and Coke) lunch was $44. Way too pricey for food that was mediocre, at best. If the food was good, it would be well priced. Again, can't rave enough about the server but the kitchen needs to get it together and maybe taste their own food.
1	I'll start with the good.The food is very good, and the service is very tentative.Now the bad.The prices are way WAY to expensive for the area. There is a plethora of other dining locations in the immediate area, at half the price. I mean really, $4 for a long neck!? $9 for a captain and coke!? Go to Applebee's across the street and get a beer for half the price. I know the owners have other locations in Peoria and Litchfield. Those areas I would understand the pricing, however this is a blue collar area and that is unacceptable. If everything were lowered by $1 or $2 this place would be packed. Unfortunate for the business that only two days after opening the place was a ghost town, and continues to be. Management needs a reality check.
4	Great little neighborhood bar. The kind of place where it's easy to become regulars. Any restaurant that just opened it's doors (with a building that took a beating from the previous owners) is going to have it's share of growing pains and kinks to work out. For only being open a week when we ventured in on a Saturday night, we were pleasantly surprised by the friendliness of the staff and the diversity of the menu. Drinks priced for a dive bar yet a unique menu of delicious food in Mesa? Yes please. Huge selection of draft beers and quite a few wines. Great staff, managers are on top of things and handle unruly customers very professionally. For the area, it's a welcome change from choosing between an overpriced chain restaurant or driving to another part of town. Definitely see many happy hours in our future with Taps, looking forward to trying them for brunch. I truly hope they last, we need more thriving local businesses in the area.
3	Great staff. Knowledgable, helpful, high energy.Good selection of quality beers on tap. Thai green chili chicken and rice was decent, much milder than I expected but tasty and well-presented.As noted in another review, they are working through challenges of an infrastructure run down by previous franchise ownership, which manifested in solid flaking in my beer, sloughed off the tap line. The bartender was profusely apologetic and comped me a fresh beer.
3	I hate to bring them down a star but we went on a recent Saturday night for a friend's birthday. We arrived about 10 PM and were I.D.'d at the door by the bouncer. Yet as the night wore on we noticed quite a few children, from teenagers down to toddlers, running around the establishment, especially on the "dance floor" where the DJ was. It's a little unsettling to sit around with friends drinking at a bar while there are kids everywhere. There was no way for us to play pool or even make our way out to the patio without having to ask the families to let us by. I'm all for family time but a bar at 11:30 on a Saturday night is hardly the appropriate place. I'm assuming the children were family or friends of the owners or managers since everyone else was carded at the door with a clear requirement of being over 21 to enter. A post on the facebook page elicited a request to e-mail management and someone would respond. There has not even been an acknowledgement that it was received as of yet. We'll be keeping Taps as a happy hour spot, not for the weekends until they figure out what vibe they're going for.
1	This bar was terrible. I came in on a friend's suggestion to go grab drinks and talk about where we're going for the weekend in San Diego. We sat ourselves, with a party of 6, and the entire bar was mostly empty. We waited for a while, and ended up making our own table. The waitress came down, said she was sorry and she was caught up with another customer and that's why she couldn't come greet us. (Granted there were other waiters just hanging around, not doing anything. Could she have sent them?)So we order food, and some beers. She wasn't sure of what they had on tap ,and referred us to the menu. My boyfriend and I hadn't eaten, and were planning to get bar food. I should have trusted the less than 3 stars this place got. I ordered mini grilled cheese's for $1.00 each. Great deal for something that's essentially bread and "artisan" cheese. What did I get? A little, flat, half-dollar sized "sandwich" full of melted shredded cheese (Artisan!), on a wooden pallet. It took up maybe 10% of this giant pallet when I ordered two. I decided to save myself with mini pizzas. Rather, they were tiny slices of over buttered bread, lathered in COLD pasta sauce... unmelted mozzarella cheese... and cold pepperoni. The pepperoni was unexpected, and not in a nice way. I'm a vegetarian. Faaantastic.During this whole cheese / pepperoni fiasco, there was an older karaoke guy who was playing Midwestern music from the 70's. He was trying to get us to dance, and I'm trying just to figure out our whale-watching schedule in the back of the restaurant. We're there in the back of the restaurant for a reason! Anyway, he come over, and GRABS MY ARM to pull me up and dance with him to "I'm sexy and I know it." I had donated blood that day, bruised my arm, and at this point I was so hungry and grossed out I just snapped at him.At this point, I went outside for a cigarette, to have an old bald man ask me to "light his fire"... and he was calling for me and my friend as we were walking to our car, asking us to stay and party with him.NEVER. GOING. BACK. EVER. p.s. Two TV's right next to each other were 10 seconds out of sync. OCD nightmare. p.p.s. I swear I am normally such a happy person! Don't judge me! :P
4	I purchased a Gift certificate and took my son there for a Friday night dinner and play some pool. The staff greeted us as soon as we entered and was very nice. We were sat in the open pool bar area. The music was too loud but it is a bar. The food was great up until the Creme Brule was served. It was cold and the caramelized glaze was just burnt sugar. I gave them 4 stars because they are trying to make things better. Very nice staff and management. We will be back.
2	Stopped in on a Friday after work, asked to see a drink menu and ordered a bud light lime. The waitress came back and apologized she did not have any. I looked at the menu again and ordered some sort of cider. The waitress returned and informed me that they do not have that beer either. I ended up ordering a bud light bottle which was skunky.  We had a few friends join us, one ordered a scotch and soda, when he asked what kind of scotch they had, the bartender held up a bottle of Jim Beam!?!? He then asked for Brady and was told they did not have any and ended up settling on a beer.  Needless to say....we won't be coming back :)
1	Terrible. Service BAD!  The food was ok. Place looks exactly like RTO'SULLIVAN'S . They did nothing but new signage. . Walked in at noon and the place was like a morgue. No music no nothing. Needs a lot of work.
1	Left in complete disgust. Poor service and this location looks NOTHING like as described on the website. They did nothing to remodel and it still looks (and smells) like the rt o's that was here prior.
