5	Sabor means flavor. And that's what you'll find at this quick-casual joint, a Three Amigos concept replacing the previous occupant-a withering Phat Burrito.We stopped in on Saturday, and were probably the first customers in the door at just before noon. We stepped up to the counter, in awe of the menu options described on the screens above the counter. We ordered arepas, pupusas and empanadas, along with tacos. Oh, and of course our favorite appetizer: chips and guac.After ordering, we stepped up to the soda fountain and poured our own soft drinks. In a few minutes, our food was ready. To be honest, I know very little about Latin street food, but I do know what tastes good, and everything we tried was incredibly delicious. I'd have to say that the arepas and pupusas were my favorites out of the lot.Make sure you order multiples of menu items-arepas, pupusas and empanadas come in portions of one. I should have ordered two each of the arepas and pupusas. So stinking delicious.Vegetarians won't go hungry here, as there are numerous options available. I am really a fan of this place, and can see it filling quickly with those seeking inexpensive and piquant food. It's none too fancy, which is the way I like it.I'm looking forward to going back...hopefully tomorrow!
5	Popped in on a Friday night after striking out at Crisp and 7th Street Market. My roommate had stopped in here for lunch one day and brought me the leftovers. I was already impressed with their chicken quesadilla ( I know, I know, chicken quesadillas seem so simple, but they are a favorite of mine, and Sabor Latin Street Grill were on point in their recipe) and was excited to try something else from the menu. I ended up ordering a salad and while I waited, I checked out the restaurant. It's a large room with some tables and booths, different bottled beer available to purchase. The workers were really nice and my food didn't take long at all. My salad was DELISH! It was huge, and reasonably priced ( 8 bones and some change). Super fresh ingredients, and I am not sure what it is, but their flour tortillas were so tasty. I will definitely be back and plan on covering all of the menu. Welcome to the hood, Sabor Latin Street Grill!
5	A great new dining option in Elizabeth!  My tacos authenticos were excellent, one steak and one shredded chicken.  They have a nice selection of salsa, pico, and other condiments for your meal.  Hot salsa is indeed hot, and pico had a nice flavor with lots of cilantro. Menu is comprehensive, and look forward to exploring the same.
4	Feel like you're missing the Phat Burrito in Elizabeth, and don't feel like driving all the way to South End? Drop into Sabor - you can get a burrito that's much the same, from the ordering process through delivery, shows up on similar metal plates and you can serve yourself from an awesome salsa bar.Really wanting a hamburger, as if from the old Snoops/Spoons location that was here? Order up a chimichurri burger. It's not quite the same, but it might just hit the spot.In order to get the best - and perhaps most unique section of the menu - stick to the items such as arepas, empanadas and pupusas. You can find arepas down on the South side of town if you look hard enough, and empanadas at sister location Three Amigos, and pupusas all over Central Avenue, but all in one location? That's hard to find. Here, they are all done well, done fast, and even done in unique varieties, such as the spinach pupusa.Do be aware that each is served as a single item. So step up to the flat screen menu boards and order yourself as many as are needed to fill your belly, grab a drink from the cooler (or the fountain), find a seat and wait a few short minutes for some fresh, hot treats while listening to the tunes and enjoy!
5	I need to preface this review by saying I love Mexican food. Anytime I have a choice of where I want to go out to eat, I almost always choose Mexican. I am a diehard Chipotle fan, and I refuse to go to Qdoba or Moe's because I don't think their ingredients are fresh enough. My brother and I went to the soft opening on Wednesday, July 3rd. We are both fans of the owner's other restaurant (Three Amigos) on Facebook, and we saw a link that referred us to Sabor Latin Street Grill's page for a free meal coupon at the soft opening. We were both excited about attending because we both live very close to this location and wanted to try out this new restaurant.I ordered the Sabor Especial burrito (Burrito with your choice of meat and filled with rice, beans, pico de gallo, sour cream, guac, lettuce and cheese sauce) with chicken and my brother ordered it with steak. We also shared an order of chips with sides of guacamole and queso. Both of us loved our burritos. The guacamole was fantastic and it was obvious it had been made fresh that day. The queso was good also. They also have a salsa bar, which I didn't try but it was a nice touch to the place.The prices were very reasonable and the owner was very personable and friendly. I will definitely be returning often. It looks like I'll stop being a regular at the Chipotle in the Metropolitan area (which is going to shock all of my friends) and I'll be coming here instead.  I can't wait to try the other items on the menu. I saw someone's order of the gorditas and they looked wonderful, so I might end up making a trip soon to try those. Try Sabor Latin Street Grill soon - you won't regret it!
5	The dudes from Three Amigos have once again stepped up their game and brought some killer food to the QC. This time, the focus is on traditional Mexican street eats and the fare is on the rise to becoming a more-than-regular spot for us. Came in on a Saturday before noon. The space is still being outfitted and decorated, so it has a bit of a feel leftover from the previous biz. I couldn't care less. The magic happens behind the counter and in the kitchen. The high notes:Pupusas -- If you've never tried a pupusa, you're missing out. Thick, fried dough, veggies, cheese, and pressed flat. Incredible. It may look small, but don't be fooled. It's filling. Arepas. Filled with shredded chicken and some of the tastiest veggies I've had in a long time. The chicken had a flavor that was mild, yet pungent. The juices that came from the chicken, which I'm assuming was made in a pressure cooker, permeated the bread and almost made into two separate items. It didn't last long on my plate. Empanada. The crispy dough filled with even more cheese and veggies was equally amazing. Textbook execution. Tacos Autenticas. Perfect. Chicken, white onion, cliantro. That's all, that's all you need. Perfection. Guac. What else do you need to know? It's GUAC. I'd eat it every day of my life. The chips are seasoned, too, which is a nice touch. Welcome to the neighborhood, Sabor. I'm excited to see how it builds out and becomes more of an Elizabeth staple. I'll be back soon. Next time: Burrito.
3	A solid 3-stars, for now, as Sabor finds its footing and introduces the uptown crowd to a mix of Latin-inspired street food, while also serving well-known Mexican staples in an informal and relatively fast-service eatery.  Stopped in for lunch during their first week 'soft opening' and liked the openness of the space, even while a few odds and ends related to the up fit were still 'in progress.'   Upbeat latin music (think salsa and meringue) played overhead and had several diners (literally) dancing in their seats.  You order from large-screen video boards above a counter and the kitchen space is directly behind.  Drinks are self-serve, as is the salsa bar (more on that below).You'll see all the regular suspects there such as a range of burritos, quesadillas, and tacos (served in both a corn and a flour shell) with different meats and toppings to choose from.  But the 'something different' here is the selection of arepas, papusas, empanadas, and even gorditas.  If you've never had these things below, all are worth exploring after checking out the explanations on the menu video boards.  These items are staples over most of latin-america and have been sorely lacking in the mainstream Charlotte scene.On my visit in, I had a couple different tacos authenticos (made with the corn soft shell) and the vegetable papusas.  The tacos were fantastic, rightly proportioned for the shell size and bursting with flavor even without the use of the salsa bar.  The papusas were mightily portioned and chock full of cheese and veggies.  I was disappointed, however, that a corn meal used instead of a finer ground masa.  The texture was a bit rougher than I am used to with papusa, and was much more like an arepa.  I was also surprised there was not a more traditional papusa with a shredded pork filling.  I get that recipes can differ, just things to know for next time.  I also hope the kitchen staff works together a bit better, as my taco order was ready well in advance of my papusas, which were only ready after the server I had tried to give me an order of gorditas, without knowing the difference between the two.  Training and time should work this out, however.  Chips are a separate menu item and are not served free here.  At $0.95 for an small order, however, it's hard to complain as my chips were freshly made and still quite warm.  You should order the same, however, if for no other reason than a trip to the salsa bar, which, IMHO, puts just about every other chain-restaurant salsa bar to shame.  A 'hot and spicy' salsa that truly lives up to the name?  Yes!  The hot version had the heat, my friends, and left me with small tears of joy (and fire) as I dug another chip in to confirm what my taste buds first sang to me.  Contrast that with the smooth and chilled taste of their salsa verde, made creamy with the pureed avocado.  Both are worth the trip alone.  There are a couple other salsa and pico de gallo selections there too, so do explore here and find your own favorites.Sabor holds much promise and I hope word gets out soon as the location is just far enough off the more heavily-travelled 7th Street that it won't get a lot of drive-by traffic.  I can easily say, however, this eatery is a nice alternative to the burrito chains around town and offers far more authentic flavors at easily comparable prices.  Viva Sabor, a welcome addition to the neighborhood.
5	Arguably the best food per $ in Charlotte.  Great beer selection, fast service, and just all around good food.Located in the old Phat Burrito spot in the strip mall at the corner of Hawthorne and 7th, this place is going to fill a niche Charlotte has needed.  Legit, cheap, Latin/Mexican food without having to go to the ghetto looking for a food truck.  Brought to you by the people that being you 3 Amigo's Mexican food and Salud beer shop.  This place has instantly become a major staple in my weekly rotation of good/cheap eats.When you walk in there are 2 HUGE LCD screens with menus that are easily readable.  Although, you may think your eyes are deceiving you when you can order an arepa, a empenada, and a pupusa for under $10.  I thought I was that hungry and wanted to try them all.  The beers aren't extremely cheap but, the quality is there.  Sammy Smith's organic apricot ale is AMAZING, even if you don't like "fruity" beers.  You can go as cheap as 4.95 for a house margarita up to 9.95 for Patron and Grand Marnier.  I'd recommend spending at least the $6.95 and getting 1800 and Cointreau.The food came out quick and boy it was good.  I went over to the salsa bar to see what accoutrements were needed.  The pickled veggies worked great with the fattiness of the pupusa, a little pico de gallo mixed with the hot sauce to go in my arepa, and then a little more pico for our chips and guacamole.  There were some other choices as well.  The salsa verde serving its purpose and then a ketchup based pink sauce that just didn't do it for me.  With all the fried dough, meats, and cheeses I barely ate half of my meal.  Made for a great re-heated after the bar snack though.  The arepa was especially large and filled to the rim.Bottom line, good eats and for a very reasonable price.  I'll be back again and again.
1	Epic fail in food. I built a burrito with shrimp, guac, pico, cheese, and cabbage (they forgot the cabbage); and a side of refried beans (they gave me black beans unfried). We got a large side of guac (they said 2 smalls would be better, but they only gave us one). A side of queso (containing a nickel sized burnt piece). Amanda got a shrimp taco salad (mostly beans and rice. Rice?) which had a very large avocado pit in it. The 2 bottled beers were quite good though.Only $32. Wait...what?
4	Tasty food for a good price. The only downside is the ticket times, which in my experience have been an issue. If this place improves the ticket times and starts serving plantains, I might be here every day.
4	I, for one, am glad to see this establishment so close to where I live (I've been a couple of times already).  I am definitely glad they took over the old Phat Burrito/Scoops place to bring us some Latin street food.I will admit, I kind of thought this place was going to be some sort of Chipotle/Moe's/Qdoba - type of place.  I am so glad that it is so much more than just burritos, salads and tacos.  I have really been more about trying the street food part of their menu.  The two best things I've had on the menu have been the pupusa with grilled veggies and the veggie empanada.  The pupusa has a great corn flavor and the grilled veggies make a divine filling.  Add some of curtido from the salsa bar, and it becomes magical.  The gorditas had a great crispy shell, and the chicken on the inside was flavorful and moist.  The tacos autenticos and arepas are all right.  The seasoning on the steak is pretty delicious, but in my mind, I suppose it needs a little more than just the onions and cilantro.  I tried the tacos autenticos with the fish, which was pretty decent as well.  The taco salad is good, but it is a little weird that it has rice in in.  However, the rice and beans are quite tasty.  My only disappointment here is with the guacamole.  It was quite bland the day I had it, which made me a very sad Ana.Everyone I've met is so nice and this place has a decent amount of seating (possibly equal to or a little more than Three Amigos).  They also serve margaritas and beer, so WHEE!It won't be long before I'm back at this place again.  I hope it does better than its last two predecessors.
5	I'm so glad this spot took over the abomination that was "Phat Burrito II."  This gives the neighborhood a very interesting dining option.  I'm a big fan of Three Amigos (same group that owns this place), so I know it would probably be pretty good.  I've always wanted to venture a little farther down Central avenue to the land of the true Latin food, but I just hadn't mustered up the courage to do so (looks a little sketchy to say the least).I've never had a papusa or an arepa before, but they're terrific.  I love the thick corn tortillas they use.  I'm an American, so naturally I've eaten flour tortillas my whole life.  I've come to prefer corn in recent years.  Out of everything I've tried, I'd have to go with the papusas and empanadas as my favorite.  Do NOT forget the salsas.  They bring some serious heat that gives a badass crunchy, chewy, cheesy, SPICY punch.
2	I live in Elizabeth & I have been to Sabor twice now. The first time I tried a selection of 3 of the street food items. It wasn't horrible but it wasn't anything to rave about either. Everything was pretty bland and unexciting. I don't rule a place out after one mediocre experience though. I returned a couple of days ago & decided to try a steak burrito with chips. The burrito was pretty bland as well, the chips were good. I will also note that on both trips here the toilet has been broken & the bathroom was not the cleanest. My stomach was not too happy on either occasion either, I'll leave it at that. I really like Three Amigos, I was expecting a lot more from this establishment. I don't believe I will be making a third trip. If I get a hankering for a burrito I'll drive a little further to Chipotle.
4	cool spot.  food is solid-not El Pulgarcito on Central or Copan over on Sharon Amity, but decent prices and great marguaritas.
4	Hungry and craving something different, I walked into Sabor not sure what to expect. After all, the Elizabeth neighborhood and authentic Latin American food don't exactly go hand-in-hand. But with all their buzz in the Yelpisphere lately, I thought they must have something going for them. And once again, Yelp has hit the nail on the head. In one devastating bitch-slap to your taste buds Sabor will render all the chain burrito places, especially that misguided monument to blandness known as Moe's totally irrelevant. From the moment you walk in the door the smells of slow roasting meat, cumin, cilantro and chilies make promises lesser establishments wouldn't dare. This is, after all, not the typical gringo-ized Tex-Mex food drowning in cheddar beside shredded lettuce, sour cream and refried beans. In fact, the best thing about Sabor is that it's NOT a Mexican place, at least not exclusively. As the name suggests, it's an homage to street foods from all across Latin America. In addition to the stuff you find anywhere: tacos, burritos, quesadillas etc., they also have arepas, pupusas, gorditas and hands down, the best damn empanada I've EVER had! Their arepa, a grilled corn patty filled with shredded chicken, tomatoes, onions and cheese is basically the sandwich to end all sandwiches. My paltry description doesn't begin to do it justice. Put it this way: the flavors will make you froth at the mouth, your body tingle and your eyes dilate. It's almost an insult to even call it a sandwich.I must admit, I wasn't a fan of the pupusa. Being my first, I don't know if the execution was off or if that's how they're supposed to be. But I found the corn cake to be tough and puck-like. It didn't help that I'd asked for spinach filling and got mixed veggies instead. I'll give it another try. Overall, a small and forgivable downside to an otherwise outstanding new restaurant.
5	So happy that this replaced Phat Burrito. I've been a fan of three amigos (their other restaurant off of Central Ave) for a while now- but I didn't always want to go and sit down and do the whole waitress/waiter thing. Enter Sabor. Anddddd it's still in my neighborhood, double win. I tried the tostada and the chips and quacamole. All good! Loved the salsa bar options. I'll be returning very soon to try the street food options (arepas! woohoo!)
4	I am a huge fan of Mexican food and would eat it everyday if I could. Sabor did not disappoint!I ordered the Arepas which was delicious and full of flavorful chicken. I've never had anything like it before - there was almost a sweetness to it. Definitely a must try! I also had an empanada because I love them at Three Amigos, and this one was just as yummy (dare I say even tastier?). It was full of cheesy chicken and cooked to perfection - aways a favorite. The boyfriend ordered two of the tacos authenticos with steak and he liked em! Monday-Friday they have the tacos for 99 cents from 3p-5p which is a pretty awesome deal.  We also ordered the chips and guacamole which were really good, but we had way too much food and will probably do without those next time.Beer selection is good but definitely over priced. Example, the Recreationale was $3 something and up the street at the corner store, its $1 something.  We went for coronas.  I'm a fan and will be back to Sabor!
5	This place is great!  Loved the tacos autenticos, I could eat them every day.  The corn tortillas were fresh and the meat was flavorful.  The gauc was very good and loved the salsa bar.  Plus they have a great selection of craft bottled beer.  I'll be coming back to Sabor very soon.
2	I wanted to love this place as I am a huge fan of Three Amigos but after a few tries, I am calling it a day. The tacos are good, not great and trying to take out is a mess. The containers melt from the heat and the lids don't fit the small sauce/guac cups. We tried the chicken, steak, fish and shrimp tacos and the shrimp was the only thing that really had flavor. We also tried a gordita, a pupusa and an arepa and while the pupusa and the arepa were really quite good, the gordita was nothing more than a pile of shredded cheese and some chicken inside. Personally, I'll stick to Three amigos.
3	I love three amigos...Sabor wasn't as good to me. The prices are fantastic, great location and great for a quick lunch. The inside needs a little more sprucing up but, it works for street food. I had the Build Your Own Burrito with chicken, shrimp, rice, shredded cheese and cilantro. Everything was hot and fresh but lacking in flavor. The rice was "Spanish" style with tomatoes, corn, onions and other things. Thanks goodness I had the cilantro in there to add a pop of freshness and flavor. I was expecting a lot more Latin flare. One of my lunch guest had the Sabor burrito and felt the same way. Pretty bland. My other lunch guest had the shredded chicken quesadilla...left much to be desired. When I think "Latin", I feel like my taste buds shouldn't know what hit them!! They have $4-9 Margaritas and .99$ tacos Mon.-Fri. 3-5. Pretty good deal. Just pump up the flavor!!
3	Maybe we went on an off day/time, but Sabor wasn't that great. We went in on a Wednesday around 7:00pm. It was pretty quiet inside with only one other table occupied. We walked in and saw the order counter in front of us, two large LCD's displaying the menu above, and coolers full of beer on the left. They had a good selection of craft and Mexican beers. The decor was plain and simple. Nothing exciting. We ordered, paid, and sat down. Not long after, they called my name and we picked the food up at the counter. The food:Arepa - The star of the plate! Tender, well seasoned chicken stuffed inside a fresh corn flatbread and topped with cheese. I would go back just for this! It is a sizable portion, too.Pupusa - Spinach and cheese filled. I was largely unimpressed with this. It was really dry and kind of hard, like it had been reheated.Empanda - Chicken and cheese filled. Unfortunately, the chicken was dry and the filling was under-seasoned.  It outside was nicely cooked. Taco Authentico - Steak. Not too bad but not that exciting.Chips - Warm. Thick. Seasoned (but not evenly). I was ok with them but they weren't my favorite. Salsa bar - I was largely unimpressed with the salsa bar. The ice was all melted and most of the containers were empty. It definitely did not look like it did in Ben G.'s photo. Three of the salsas were in squeeze bottles. The hot salsa was hot enough to burn your face off. I'm not a hot/spicy food whimp by any means, but this was straight up burn with no flavor. Extremely underseasoned. The taste reminded me of habaneros that had been blended and bottled. Not my favorite. The salsa verde was supposedly hot but it wasn't that spicy and also flavorless. The best out of the batch was the pink sauce. It wasn't so much a salsa as a crema. I'm not really sure how the pickled onions and cabbage constituted a salsa. I like the concept of Sabor but their food just didn't impress me. I'd be willing to give them another shot. Maybe I'll try the burrito next time.
3	I had a the Especial Burrito, I believe it was called, and it was just ok. I would've liked more spice or flavor on the chicken. I liked the idea of the salsa bar and the queso was really good but I will definitely try something different next time.
5	Love their steak tacos
3	Love that they have specials every day. I'm a huge fan of any style of Mexican/Spanish/Latin food and Sabor left me wanting a little more. The tacos were a bit bland but the great salsa bar helped that. Next time I'm going to try something a bit more adventurous and ask the wait staff for suggestions. All-in-all a nice addition to the neighborhood.
4	Stumbled across this place driving around and decided to give it a try. So glad we stopped! It's Latin street food, and it was good. Our favorites were the vegetable empanadas, the spinach pupusa, and the taco autenticas. A side of chips is another must with the great salsa bar. Charlotte needs more places like this.  Go try them out; you won't be disappointed!
5	I really enjoyed this place. Finally able to find a place in charlotte that makes arepas rellenas and they were sooo good! The prices are very fair. The ambient is laid back. Also tried the spinach and cheese pupusas a bit too crunchy for me. The service is also good. It's self serve so you don't have to worry about tipping. We will definitely come back to this spot!
4	You can smell the aroma emanating from the grill in the parking lot . . . now that's effective advertising. The arrepas are que bueno; go to the salsa bar and add fresh pico and hot salsa to pull all the flavor together. Order two and that's your meal. The burritos are too damn big and will fall apart after the first few bites. Share. You will definitely get street grill flavor at street grill prices.
4	We've been looking for a good "Mexican" restaurant and I think we've found it. Located across the street from Hawthorne Pizza, Sabor is a neighborhood golden nugget. Despite the diner look, the food is clearly homemade and cooked with care.
2	I love Three Amigos, so I was excited to try Sabor.  The location is nice, but I have no reason to go back.  If a Mexican restaurant doesn't have good salsa, I'm not confident about the rest of the food.  At Sabor, they have a Salsa Bar, a la Phat Buritto, which I abhor.  For the salsa, they only have tiny paper cups, which are near impossible to dip chips in.  For dinner, I was eager to try their version of Mexican corn on the cob,  but they had run out of it earlier in the evening.  (It was only 7:30-8pm when I was there)  I ordered a Papusia instead, only to be shot down again, as this menu item was 86 as well.  I was able to get 2 Carne Asida tacos authenicos.  I assuemed wrong that I would be able to get them just as I like them at Three Amigos, but once again had to lower my expectations.  I like Queso Fresco sprinkled on my tacos, but the man taking my order said they "didn't carry any cheese" except for parmesian, which last time I checked was Italian?  How does a Mexican restaurant not have cheese?  The counter staff were all very friendly, and the man taking my order was very apologetic for the items I ordered that they were out of.  No need to go back, Three Amigos is closer to me, more charming, and heads and tails above their new sibling restaurant Sabor.
5	If I was on death row and it was my last night on this earth, I would demand the elote loco, a veggie empanada and many glorious tacos for my final meal. I have been sick for the last couple weeks and Sabor is one of my favorite pick-me-ups. It's better than Prozac. Give it a try, fools.
2	Don't get the steak. First of all the cut is for a roast or stew meat. Second it has zero flavor. Not even salt and pepper.  The rice in the burrito is plain steamed white, no effort there. I got the signature burrito with steak. Not good. A ton of head lettuce, the guacamole looks to be store bought, and again the steak is awful, chewy and no seasoning. Good value for the chips and I like the salsa bar. I'm very disappointed. I was really hoping for a great place to eat near my work.
2	I was hoping for some really delicious Latin American food, but ended up being sorely disappointed. I ordered an arepa (which normally I love), and it was too cheesy, saucy, and not heated through all the way. My buddy had tacos, which he seemed to like okay, but said they weren't anything special. I unlocked the Yelp deal for free chips and they were pooled in grease. I felt guilty and wasteful throwing them away, but by then, I'd lost my appetite. Bummer.
5	Best spicy chips ever....And quesadilla was made quite well...am coming back  Salsa verse is awesome
5	Always on the hunt for a top notch Latin grill. Sabor exceeds that expectation. First off, it is located in a chic little urban scale building in the Elizabeth area. The decor is cool, funky, and Latin - not at all the typical Mexican-american restaurant. They use an open kitchen design where you can see and smell all the goodness. And certainly it is important to note the attentive, friendly staff. I admitted to being a newbie with my yelp open and in hand, and they were excited to bring on a new follower.Okay, now for the food. Ordered 2 tacos, 1 chicken 1 fish, both authentic. Outstanding, fresh, nothing else needed to say. Also ordered a large guacamole and cashed in on the free chips with the Yelp check in. The guac was clearly fresh and homemade. Top notch. The interesting thing about the chips was that they were tossed in a paprika seasoning. Top notch as well.Go here now. You will not be disappointed.
5	Visit this place with my coworkers. My friends order burrito and say is very good .so i try some different call gordita yammmii
3	I bookmarked Sabor awhile ago when I was still living in Charlotte but I never had the chance to go.  While in town visiting this weekend I decided to give Sabor a try. I'm a huge fan of Three Amigos and was really excited about this place. The restaurant was pretty empty when I walked in. I ordered up the tofu burrito but they didn't have any tofu ready so instead I got a veggie burrito. The restaurant itself is nothing much to look at. You go up and order at the front counter and there are booths against the wall to eat at.  They had a little salsa bar in the back which was cool. The staff here was very friendly. The kitchen is open so you can watch them cook your food. I decided to get my food to go. The queso wasn't very hot, my burrito though was huge. I enjoyed the zucchini that they put in the burrito but overall there really wasn't anything special about it. The chips were just like Three Amigos and are always awesome  The hot green salsa is my favorite, and their mild salsa is also super fresh and tasty.I would give this place another shot and maybe try more of the Latin street food dishes. It just didn't wow me like Three Amigos.
4	Wow I am amazed at how good and authentic the food is. The Empanadas and Arepa is fantastic. Glad I stumbled into this place. I may have to make this a regular stop when I'm in the downtown area.
4	This is one of those places you don't even realize is there. I assumed even with GPS we were going the wrong way. Came in at 12p on a Monday for lunch. Our order was taken pretty quickly. First time visiting any place that strictly relied on the use of IPADs for payment. This was definitely a neat thing to see. When we came in to the restaurant there was one other person. By the time our food was placed there were 4 other groups which was a good sign for me. We ordered chips, our name was called my hubby attempted to grab them and another customer stood there licking her fingers and grabbed pur plate. He attempted to explain to her but she insisted they were hers. She was incorrect. Not a fault of the restaurant but when we attempted to tell the two female employees who were standing there as our name was called they basically shrugged us off. It was busy and there were several orders being called at once.  My suggestion when a name is called stay there long enough to be sure the right person grabs the right food.  That way they can be sure to eat their items as appetizers if intended to do so.We ordered the Dominican burritio and especial. Both were cooked to order and huge! The ingredients also tasted fresh. What I liked is though the menu was basic the flavor combinations offered were something I've never seen. My burrito had cabbage and chicken with this great cream sauce which tasted like it did have tomato in it but it had a great flavor. The chips were also made to order and we tried the Pico De gallo which was off to the side at a salsa bar. It was good but I also think it could have had slightly more cilantro. I would have liked to see more hot flavors. The salsas in my opinion were all very mild The hot sauce wasn't truly hot. This would be something I would have expected to see especially since there was a salsa bar. The prices are great but I didn't notice any lunch options as far as sales with items that could be combined with chips for a cheaper price. This wasn't a big deal because the portion sizes compared to food offered was great and food can easily be split with someone. When I've eaten at certain restaurants I can usually judge the amount of sodium used based on my thirst the rest of the day. I can't seem to get enough water. It was a great sign for me when this wasn't the case after eating at Sabor.Overall we enjoyed the food and will revisit. We have tried several Mexican restaurants and this was by far the best burritos we have had since moving out to the Carolina area in 2006.
5	Delicious Latin street food. I had the ground beef empanada and a corn cake stuffed with chicken tomatoes and onions! Perfection. Not a beautiful building but the food is delicious inside. Everyone I was with was very happy and satisfied with the choices that they had made. Great prices for great quality and the salsa bar is great! I will definitely return
4	I like my margaritas like I like my men...Strong.  Sabor Latin Street Grill delivered.  At first look, it seemed like just another burrito place, but it is so much more.   Every order is cooked fresh and it is more authentic than any other fast food burrito place.  The margarita was mix free so it didn't contain the syrupy sweetness that mix margaritas have.  The salsa bar had 6 homemade salsas on it ranging from different degrees of spiciness.  Only downside was the overuse of pepper.  It tended to overpower the food at times.  Still if you are looking for authentic mexican street food with a higher quality than the chains, this is the place to go.
5	Sabor is my new favorite place in Charlotte. I discovered it a few months ago and have eaten here countless times since. Everything I've tried is absolutely delicious. I find my self craving an arepa from here at least once a week. In addition to awesome food they also have a salsa bar and great beer. If you love authentic Latin American cuisine I could not recommend this place more! Even if you don't love it, I'd still recommend Sabor -- they will probably change your mind.
3	I got the sabor especiale burrito. The rice is very flavorful. You certainly receive a lot of food for a fair price. I would certainly like to try other items on the menu. They don't have any beer on draft, but a nice bottle selection. Ok so upon more eating (I couldn't stop thinking about it)..much better. I could eat a bowl of the rice alone. I'm also one of those people who prefer things cold. So after some chilling..yum!! I also love that guacamole is included in my burrito, unlike some other places who shall remain nameless. I am certainly excited about going back to try more items.
4	I've had Sabor book marked for a while and since I was out and about and on that side of town I decided to stop in and finally give them a try. The place is small, easy enough to find but definitely not fancy by any means. But they do have some outdoor seating which would be really nice when it gets a little warmer. The ordering process is easy enough, the menu is listed on two large boards as soon as you walk in, and you simply place your order pay on the iPad and then wait for them to make it. I have to admit that I was pretty bummed I missed Happy Hour (Monday-Friday 3-5pm for $.99 tacos autenticos) but I found the prices here were pretty reasonable. After a quick chat with the guy taking my order and telling him it was my first time and asking for some suggestions I ended up ordering two tacos authenticos (one chicken and one steak), a chicken empanada and an order chips and guacamole. Yep. All that...don't judge me. While I waited for them to get my order ready, I stopped by the salsa bar. It definitely didn't look like some of the pictures I've seen, a lot were either out or in squeezable containers but at least they had the super spicy green one that I'd heard was  super spicy and delicious. So I helped myself to a container of that and before I knew it my order was ready. Tacos Authenticos: Classic. I preferred the chicken over the steak, but that's just my personal preference. I loved how all the flavors came together (especially the cilantro and lime juice). For an extra kick, add some of that spicy green sauce (which I'm sure has a proper name) and it's so good. Empanada: Ok, first of all they are huge. Second they come packed with meat and fried up to golden perfection. And third, it was by far my FAVORITE part of the meal. My only complaint....I didn't order two. Chips and Guacamole: The chips were seasoned and warm. I thought they were okay. And the guac was good, but nothing too special. Did I mention they have margaritas? I didn't have one this visit but you better believe that on my list of things to try when I return! Overall, I'd say this place is worth a visit.
2	Not the worst place but definitely nothing to write home about.  Just another average at best mexican joint.  The two most important things for most of us is service and taste.  If one of them is no good, the other better crazy good.  Unfortunately for this place, the service sucks.  I know we all have our bad days and maybe the chef who also took our order was having a bad day but this is what I have to go on.  He just looked pissed.  In a bad mood, giving one word answers and not friendly at all.  He also spoke with such a low voice it made it difficult to understand him.  Because of this we hoped the food would just blow us away.  It didnt.  It wasnt bad but it was just ok.  I wouldnt say "wow you have to try this place".  its just ehhhh, ok.
4	Great reasonably priced food, completely fresh, great beer.  Got a few bucks off to boot with yelp coupon tipped the guys there with the proceeds...
5	Excellent! The service was great! Go out of the norm and try their arepas, elote loco, house made special tea. Simply delicious. The fresh made salsa for chips was no where close to regular salsa. They have some unique salsa, for e.g. Guacomole salsa - who would think guacomole, cucumber and cilantro will taste so awesome together. A must go place if you are in charlotte uptown
4	I came here for lunch to try it and it was pretty good! The atmosphere is nice and the music is good. I love the fact they have a little topping bar for your meals with like habanero sauce or pico de gallo. The tacos I got were good too. I recommend the steak ones.
5	We purchased the Yelp deal and checked in for the free chips! I ordered two bean Tacos Americanos and the corn on the cob. He ordered a meat arepa and the corn on the cob, and we split a veggie empanada. We both thoroughly enjoyed our food. The employee at the counter was very friendly and helpful and the food came out quickly!  Their salsa/sauce/pico bar was extensive! We will def be back!
4	Came here for late lunch on a rainy Monday. Not crowded but there were still a couple of tables full of happy people. The atmosphere is basic, the tacos autenticos are very delicious. Simple, fresh-tasting, excellent with a Sabor margarita.
3	Finally tried this place over the weekend for lunch. I really wanted to like Sabor more than I do. For one, it's close to my home. Secondly, I appreciate ethnic food, and this is pretty authentic (at least for Elizabeth). The joint was blasting latino music, I almost felt like I should dance a little. It's happy music in my ears, granted I have 2 left feet when it comes to latin dancing. I wanted to try something new, so I opted for the Arepas ($4.50).Checking in got me some free chips, so I ordered a side of guacamole as well ($1.25). And by side I meant a condiment plastic cuppy size.  They did pack quite a bit of guacamole in that small thing. While it tasted fresh, it was a little bland. Could use some salt/seasoning.The arepas came out piping hot, like burning fingers hot. The corn cakes were crispy. It's stuffed with shredded chicken & cheese. It has a creamy/mayo based sauce on it. But again, it was bland. I was hoping for more flavor. While it wasn't bad, it wasn't great.So at the end I ended up packing up the unfinished food... which I gave to my dad since he didn't have lunch.
5	Absolutely the best food for the price. Very authentic, nice atmosphere and the staff is very nice. Highly recommend it!
5	Sabor has become my favorite spot in Charlotte. Great service, food, and value.I've never left there disappointed.Favorite dish: shredded chicken salad.
4	Solid, solid lunch place. The large guacamole with chips was plenty large enough as an app for three. I ordered a shrimp taco autenticos and a chicken empanada. The shrimp (shraaaamp) taco was awesome. The shrimp are small but that works on the corn tortilla. The chicken empanada innards tasted good but mine was a little too oily to eat the exterior. Lunch mate did not have the same problem with her beef empanada. Table mates had beef taco, beef empanada and one of the entrees (I forgot the name...). Thumbs up all around. We also split a horcheta, a rice milk drink concoction. All were good. This is definitely a place to go back to on a non-work day, the beer bottle selection looked interesting.
4	I'm a fan of this place and it's not solely because of the food. During my last visit I used the the $7 for $10 yelp special and the free chips check in.For $7 I got two tacos authenticos, a veggie empanada, a side of guacamole, a huge bag of tortilla chips, and about 5 different salsas from the salsa bar. Wow. It was about  2 meals worth of food.Love that Sabor has a private parking spot not too far from uptown. All food is made to order making it a perfect lunch spot. The inside is a little wonky. Not really decorated, an old building, nothing really special. They have $4 mojito specials on Thursday and other weekday specials (see photo).Now for the food. I was a little disappointed with how dry and unflavorful the chicken in my tacos were but with enough salsas smothered on I was pretty delighted.By the time I got to try the empanada it was a little oily/soggy which I cannot blame on Sabor, but was disappointing. Aside from the texture it tasted authentic and was very tasty.The chips and guacamole were delicious! I swear the bag of chips was the same size as a tostitos bag.Overall, 3.5 stars for food and 5 stars for convenience, value, and salsa bar. Ill definitely be returning to Sabor in the near future and I recommend you do as well.
5	The service was great and the shredded chicken taco salad was amazing.Im moving to Charlotte next month and I now have another reason to tell my friends back in LA about why this town is the jam ;-)Oh, and there's $1.50 beers all Sunday? Incredible.
5	Great food and atmosphere. Happy I found this hidden gem! They have dollar tacos on Tuesdays and great specials everyday. Unbeatable beer prices, as well! Definitely coming back
4	Yum Yum Yum!Stopped in her for quick lunch before dropping off a friend at the airport.We've passed by multiple times and wanted to try something new so we stopped in!We ordered the Elote Loco: Delicious corn on the cob topped with mayo, Parmesan cheese and chili powder.(I've seen this in California served from street carts but never have tried it - LOVE LOVE LOVE me some fatty corn!)Tacos Authenticos: Corn tortillas with your choice of shredded chicken or steak and topped with onions, cilantro and a lemon wedge. (Be sure to order multiples!)Sabor Special: Burrito with your choice of meat and filled with rice, beans, pico de gallo, sour cream, guac, lettuce and cheese sauce.(I got the steak with black beans, these burritos are huge and pretty darn delicious especially if you add some pico de gayo from the salsa bar!)El Dominicano: Flat grilled burrito filled with a mixture of chicken, cabbage, onions and tomatoes, all grilled to perfection and topped with our homemade pink sauce.I'm looking forward to going back and checking out some of their specials!
4	Stopped in here a couple of weeks ago and was very happy with the outcome. I capitalized greatly on all the deals found here on Yelp including the $7 for $10 coupon and FREE chips which made the trip that much more worth it. Not to mention, a big ol' plate of chips complimented the fresh salsa bar well. They also put some sort of spice on the chips that kicks them up a notch.In general pricing was great. You get a lot of bang (read: food) for the buck and freshness was certainly apparent. I got the El Dominicano which was a new take on what I consider a typical burrito. I'd definitely get it again. I also got an empanada which was "okay". It certainly wasn't the highlight of the experience and I think I would prefer replacing it with an arepa or a taco in the future. Oh, I believe it's Tuesday that they offer $1 tacos too (limited times during the day though)!If I were to offer one main criticism here it would be the cleanliness. Don't get me wrong, by no means did I feel this place was unsanitary from a food perspective but rather tables were left messy from previous customers as well as the floors etc. This could have been an "off day" and is a situation easily remedied but like I said, my one main criticism.If you're looking for mostly authentic Latin American street food this is certainly worth checking out.
2	Food was nice but the cleanliness of the restaurant was lacking and is driving this low rating. I saw other Yelpers had similar experiences. The tables and floor had remnants of food from previous customers which was pretty gross. I actually slid across the floor on beans. The service counter where you pick up your food was covered in taco meat and shredded lettuce too. They didn't have individual napkins, but rather, a big spool of brown paper that was placed by the salsa bar for everyone to access. We ordered nachos and street corn which was plenty to share for 2. We liked the food okay but have deemed this a take-out only spot for future. For now we'll stick to Three Amigos.
4	Very good! Beef empanada and a steak taco for me. Tofu burrito for my daughter! We will be back!!
4	I love sabor. They definitely have the best shrimp burrito in town. I love their tacos too. The veggie is delicious, as is the shrimp and chicken. But, there are a couple of pretty big negatives: 1) they always mess something up in my order. I don't know if it's the staff or their computer system or what, but what comes out has rarely ever been exactly what I ordered. 2) it's pretty dirty. This doesn't actually bother me that much, but it can be a little on the grimy side. On the plus side though, in addition to delicious food, the staff are always accommodating about fixing my orders. It adds about 10 minutes to my wait, and it can suck when my friend's order comes out fine the first time around and we have to wait for mine (or vice versa) but they do always correct it. I am happy sabor is here in the neighborhood and hope that they get a better system for making the orders! And maybe a better cleaning method too.
3	Food is great.  Service is terrible.  The nachos and the tacos have great fresh flavor.  Expect to wait long.  The person who takes every single order is also the bartender. They forgot our chip order and didn't know how to process the yelp coupon we brought.  Again, I do like the food but it does seem kinda dirty and is definitely slow.
5	Huge, delicious burritos! Their guacamole is awesome! Overall, really great food and beer selection!
5	I love this casual, neighborhood restaurant that serves authentic Latin street food. Order at the counter, pick out a bottle of your favorite local brew (I recommend NoDa's Hop Drop N Roll), and make sure you check in for free chips with an entree. Everything here is quick and delicious! Even the chips are made in house, as is the plentiful, fresh salsa bar. They have daily specials, including $0.99 authentic tacos from 3-5, Monday through Friday.
5	Amazing empanadas that are nearly the size of a human head, a killer salsa bar, $1 taco Tuesday....what else do you need in a Latin street good place. I haven't even tried the burritos. Just go here.
5	I've never had anything bad at Sabor.  Some of my favorites have been the grilled chicken tacos and the arepas.  A friend swears by the shredded chicken but I'm not even sure why it exists when grilled is an option.  If you order a burrito you can ask that they press it on the grill which makes it's extra killer.  They do have some issues with keeping the place clean but I don't really care as the food it awesome.  Also the pink sauce from the salsa bar is hot as hell, be careful with it.
1	Sabor Amargo (Bittersweet) - Just left Sabor about 30 minutes ago and I'm still hungry and even more disappointed. Where do I start? Let's start with the good - friendly cashier, good tasting food. The bad? Everything else. The place was a complete disaster. It was dirty, the women's bathroom was broken and the men's restroom didn't have a working sink. Only the hot water knob was functional thus hot scolding water was the only option if you were brave enough to wash your hands (don't worry I did). I waited patiently for about 20 minutes and then grew rather impatient after 40. Finally when my order was delivered it was incomplete. I saw other customers having similar issues so I didn't panic. I asked for my order to be corrected and it wasn't. The cashier was a little too friendly and was too busy talking up customers to address my issue with urgency it required. I asked for a refund for the missing items from my order and unfortunately the cashier was unable to help me. She solicited the help of a cook who didn't speak really good English. She asked me how much I paid for my taco...I pointed to the menu and she attempted to swipe my card at least 4 times without success. Finally, I asked for my card back and just told her to forget it. All this time there is a manager type in the back room on his laptop being rather useless. I'm hopeful this person is a vendor and not an owner or manager. He never came to help quell the traffic or help out his overburdened staff. Overwhelming disappointed in that a few basic restaurant rules weren't followed - advise customers that the kitchen is backed up, offer a replacement for a missing item, how to manage a POS system, delivering "fast food" in under 40 minutes. I hope this place gets it together, too many good restaurants in Charlotte who can fill this void.
1	I really been wanting to try this place for a while but unfortunately my experience was a sad one :(. The good stuff i saw: a good variety of beers and drinks, extensive menu  and online ordering available.I got 3 tacos and 1 arepa, the food was really good but I don't think I'll be waiting another 45 minutes for some tacos, especially when the concept of the restaurant is fast food. The tables were really dirty and no one was checking this aspect of the place after people were leaving their tables. I think that it has great potential if it's properly staffed and some training is involved for customer service.Having so many fantastic establishments in Charlotte, I won't be wasting my patience here again :(
5	This is the Joint Folks...great food, large portions, cheap with a salsa bar that's for real. Solid beer selection and quick. I'm here on a Friday night. Small line coming in but less than 10 mins before I had my entree. Puts Chipolte and Three Amigos to shame. I'm 6 5 250 and I could not finish their Sabor Especial burrito. Use your yelp free chip deal. Enough chips to feed 4. The $4 margaritas is the best margaritas under $8 I've ever had. A new star in the Elizabeth gluttony scene.
4	Well how I start?.. Very Authentic food!!.. I stop by Sabor yesterday and the place was full, I have to say that the staff were really fast cooking thw food. THE SALSA BAR WAS AMAZING !. The "pink sauce" was delicious. .well too much..Few highlights !! Amazing Margaritas , friendly staff..Im the most important .. I had read few Review that they had messed up few orders , but I didn't see anyone complaining and my orders was perfectly done (steak was very good ) thank you!!!
5	The food is just amazing!  Love the salsa bar too!!
5	This is one of my favorite spots in Charlotte.  Check it out!!  Everything we've had is great- quesadillas is my go to and the chips and queso is the best I've had in Charlotte.
5	We just tried this place tonight for the very first time and we were pleasantly surprised!The burritos were delicious and huge! We also tried the authentic steak tacos and they were also very tasty! I would recommend the chips and guacamole as a starter! I hope this place sticks around! They have a good thing going....
4	My co-workers and I have all agreed that Sabor is our new favorite tacos in town. I'm from San Diego so I know a good taco when I have one. Their corn tortillas are perfection and the shredded chicken is perfect. I think they can improve on their carne asada. Chips are also great. Definitely go to this place!
4	Tried the dominicano and was really impressed. I found it to be full of flavor and very filling. I definitely look forward to going back and trying more. The only downside was the wait time for the food but staff was very helpful and polite. Will definitely be back soon!
5	Finally we found something that resembles Mexican Food in Charlotte!! The closest thing to real street tacos in the city. Moving here from Texas and had all but given up on ever eating Mexican food again. Thank you Sabor!
3	Eh, Sabor could be good. Today's visit was lacking, but not because of the taste of the food. They were out of damn near everything! The first thing the cashier said was basically that they were out of meat and lettuce. How do you run out of meat and lettuce? That's 90% of the menu. I wanted an arepa. You know what I would have been left with? Tomato and cheese in an arepa for $4.25. Yep.My coworker got a burrito and a soda. But, guess what? He is diabetic and they were out of diet soda (along with two others). Of course he didn't find out until after he paid and went to get said soda. They magically found some chicken, so my arepa was saved. I did have to clean off my own table. I'll probably give this place another chance, but damn. I'm disappointed. :/ I wanted it to be good so I'm giving them three stars. Today's visit really deserves only two.
3	I truly love Sabor! The tacos and food are amazing  and greatly priced! I go there at least 2x a week and I especially love the music and vibe but when I walked in to Eminen and loud hip hop, I actually had to turn around and leave. I will go in sometime this week but I just hope the music goes back to the chill latin vibe!
4	I finally made it to Sabor and overall was pleased.  Having never been I wasn't sure what to get so I may have ordered the wrong thing, however, it was good.  I was debating between a 3 and 4 starts, however, based on the shredded chicken I am going with a 4.  I ordered the Taco Salad with extra pico and shredded chicken. It comes with rice on the bottom, lettuce, pico, cheese, sour cream and cilantro. They also include bean, refried or black, however, I chose to get the beans on the side. And, the refried beans, so fresh and smooth. I absolutely loved.  Overall I was satisfied with my choice, but after seeing the photos on Yelp and the others diners around me I am going to have to get back to try a taco and definitely an arepa.  Downfalls, there was a longer wait then I expected with only a few other diners at the same time and the chips were stale, and the seasoning just tasted bad, like they were day old or something. Definitely nothing to be excited about, although I did get them free for "checking in" on Yelp. I look forward to getting back again soon and will update my review on the other menu items.
5	Two words: Taco Tuesday. It's so good it even alliterates. It's so good that it's just a dollar. Or maybe that's what makes it even better. But even when it's not a Tuesday, this place is excellent. Deeeeelicious tacos, tons of vegetarian food, super quick service - everything is too awesome. Especially when it's Taco Tuesday.
2	Unfortunately, I was disappointed by Sabor.  I was hoping that it was going to be everything that you read in the yelp comments.  It takes WAY TOO LONG for your food.   The food itself is pretty good.  Highlights were the arepas and the empanada. Taco Salad literally had zero lettuce.  The tacos Americanos were decent, but not exceptional like everyone seems to suggest.    The chips are cold; nothing special. The problem is that they don't give you chips when you order which makes no sense.  So after waiting about 15 minutes you may get some chips allowing you to enjoy the pathetic salsa bar.  When our food finally did arrive (approximately 30 minutes), I still hadn't gotten the margarita that I ordered. (Keep in mind that there isn't a wait staff, you order at the counter when you get there)  I had to remind them of this, they apologized and made it right away as they should if they want to sell their customers more than one drink.  (which I thought was the way restaurants generate most of their profit) Now I may be able to understand all of this if they were extremely busy, but there may have been four orders in front of mine!  I timed how often the kitchen was putting out orders and they took six minutes to make one taco!!!! ONE TACO IN SIX MINUTES!!!!!  I eat at 3 amigos regularly and that place is run tightly.    Skip this "latin street food" concept and go to where they have experienced servers and kitchen staff.  Sabor may improve with time, but they currently have a lot of kinks to work out.   I think the neighborhood hipsters want this place to be something that it's not because it sells craft beer in a can.  And yes, I am aware that 3 amigos has ownership in Sabor.
4	3.5 Stars.....Rounded up to 4....but....I was so looking forward to trying this place as I have not found a really great Latino restaurant here in Charlotte. Well I'm not sure if I have yet....but I'll say that sone thibgs at Sabor Latin Grill are quite good....others....meh.The good: Saboritas! See related pic. Basically this is a crunchy taco sandwich. It so reminded me of the Mexican street fod I had growing up in a Mexican neighborhood in my hometown of Chicago. I had the steak and it was covered in a delicious cheese sauce with onions and other spices. The steak had a great flavor. This really is Latin Street food! Highly recommend this dish.Also the chips were fresh and their salsa bar had some nice choices. But BEFORE your tongue ventures into eating any of the habanero dips get some SOUR CREAM to put that fire out!Guacamole was very fresh and delicious! The not so good: Quipe. This is basically a ball of deep fried meat. It's decent tasting but after a few bites I was like, ok....next? The accompanying rose salsa was reaaly good....reminded me of a Mexican version of that Japanese Yum Yum sauce. Very creamy and yummy....much better than the meatball.Another MAJOR GRIPE is that the girl takung my order new very little about the food being served! Really? And half of the menu was not even available....no Gorditas nor Arepas! That's what I really wanted. Guess I'll try those next time.So I'm still on a quest to find a truly GREAT Latino restaurant in Charlotte. Maybe Sabor is it....but the food has got to be available for me to even try it!But their steak in any dish is really excellent!
5	Ok... So if you had asked me what Dominican Street Food was a few months ago I would have stated confusingly back at you.  Well no more my friends!!!  This place is in a neighborhood adjacent to ours in Charlotte and has become our favorite place to ride our bikes to and enjoy.  Now remember this is billed as street food, so do not expect fancy... Just expect good.  From the tacos to the empanadas to our favorite Yucca Nelie, it's all extremely tasty and just plain fun.  The service is good, they have limited outside seating, a killer homemade salsa bar, awesome margaritas, and a big cooler of craft beers.  How can you go wrong?  If you haven't been yet and live in Charlotte you should get moving now!  Take care and eat up y'all!
4	This place is great! Taco Authenticos is amazing... all of them! Lol. I love Plantains and they cook them perfectly. The Guacamole and Chips are heavenly. Prices are awesome as well. You must give them a try!
4	Thank you Yelpers for pointing me to this restaurant! Wife and I tried a few tacos, arepa, plantain and yuca fries, and a few other dishes over two separate visits. Had a cold beer to wash down the good food as well. Great spot, warm food and quick and friendly service. Charlotte needs a lot more of such restaurants!
5	I will be visiting again.  Tacos were tasty.  I grabbed a veggie and also a shrimp taco.  Ending with the corn on the cob masterpiece.
3	I was super pumped to go here after many months of seeing it on my way home and super packed in Tuesdays. My roommate and I went one night around 730 which wasn't late at all. We got there and it was pretty busy. Easy ordering and the lady was super helpful on what was best to order. I order the tacos americanos and the queso and I received my free chips upon checking in there in Yelp, which was awesome! I received my tacos, which I ordered beef, and they where like a pile of grease. I was highly disappointed especially after everyone raved over these tacos. The queso and chips however was amazing!! The salsa bar was little to be desired was almost empty with very little salsa options. I'll give anything a second try so I hope they step up their game the next time I'm there.
4	Delicious lunch spot! I've only been here once but I definitely plan on coming back for  one of their daily specials. The food is authentic and always made to order, so you may have to wait a bit for your tacos and guacamole but it's worth the wait!
1	I realize they're in this business for the money but jeez being my first time here it would've been awesome had you told me to wait 5 minutes and I'd get my tacos for less than half the price. Or at least give me the happy hour price. That alone would have proved to be great customer service and wouldve made a customer for life. But thanks for nothing guys. I wont be back.
4	Salsa bars just make everything better. If my roommate would let me, I would put one in our living room. Who wouldn't want to live with a salsa bar?!Sabor is not big. It's not fancy. So what is it? Pretty damn tasty street food. Add to that- coolers stocked with great local beers.I really like the flavor of the steak here. I usually get it in the form of tacos authenticos. I'm a sucker for the corn (cob form covered in mayo, parmesan cheese and chili powder) and chips & queso. What goes great with chips and queso? #allofthesalsasCheck the boards for specials. The only thing I've had here that I didn't enjoy was a margarita. I would recommend this as a place for grub and not to drink. Get a Mexican Coke instead.It does sometimes take a little longer to get your food. It's the nature of a place like this. Make sure to check in on Yelp. Hint hint: check in offer. There's also currently a Yelp deal for Savor.
5	Update 10-1-2014 ( see my original review below )Well... I went back on a Wednesday. Service was quick!  The staff were very friendly!  Most important is that the food was terrific!!!  I will go back. (Original review)I SOOOO want to like this place. HOWEVER they have issues. I have been there 3 evenings In the last month. Each time there is a different group working....never a good sign when employee turnover is high. The wait for food is WAY too long. Usually at least 30 minutes at a "fast food" type establishment.  Don't even think about going on Taco Tuesday. You might not find a table.  The food is usually good IF you get it. After a 35 minute wait on my  last visit I discovered they had lost my order.  Asked for a refund and they had no idea how to do that. They conduct all of their business on iPads and the staff at the counter seem to have minimal training on it. Don't expect a clean table. They don't staff at an adequate level to keep tables clean between customers.
2	Messed all of our orders up and apparently are confusing Mexican for Asian cuisine because all I can taste is SOY sauce in this steak burrito. Btw Mexican food is made with carne asada, it's not called steak. Fail.
4	Great hole-in-the-wall type place with daily specials!
5	Love my latest find.  Have been here three times in the last three weeks.  Great selection...reasonable prices and fast!  Portion size is fantastic and fun things to try that you don't see on other menus often (empanadas, corn on the cob).  Nachos are gigantic, plus a nice beer selection.  And the salsa bar is awesome.  Looking for a casual place for a date or get together?  Try it out..you won't be disappointed!
5	Great place. If you enjoy authentic ethnic foods, especially of a Spanish/Mexican influence, you'll enjoy this place. The food is fresh and flavorful. I've been here about 6 times and have never been disappointed. The tacos are excellent, the Dominican Nachos are different and delish - been very pleased with food quality, flavors, service and prices. Have taken friends here and they like too!Give it a try! It is very casual, but a colorful experience.
5	Fantastic! This place never fails to deliver. If you're a fan of a Latin food you've got to try Sabor.  Plus, free chips when you check in on Yelp.
4	First few times we came here it was amazing!!!! Last few lately....not so much. You can't beat $1 tacos on Tuesdays, except when the chicken is as dry as a bone. If you get it 'to go' the tacos fall apart when you try to eat them, so dine in and you'll be fine. Overall, still really good food and service. Try it out!!!
5	I grew up in Southern California, so the majority of southern "Mexican" restaurants have been AWFUL. Sabor, however, is bucking that trend. One can judge a Mexican restaurant by their tacos alone. If you order tacos and they come out like a nicer version of Taco Bell, run! This is where Sabor shines, their tacos autenticos are just like the street tacos I ordered in TJ (Tijuana) as a kid. AMAZING. This is our go to Mexican joint in Charlotte. PERIOD.
4	Pretty good, overpriced tacos unless you come on a Tuesday.  Came here on a Saturday afternoon with some fam for a quick bite.  Well, the system that they have in place, off an iPad, is a little slow so it takes a bit to order.  There were about 5 people ahead of us, which at least meant that the food would be good.After ordering and waiting about 20 minutes for our food to be ready, we finally got to eat.  The tacos were really awesome.  I got the authenticos of chicken (got to go with green verde salsa on this one!), steak (the spicy dark salsa is really good here!), and chorizo (you cut it with some of the pink cremy salsa - if you can call it that).  All delicioso, boy!Watch out for the shrimp taco - it'll run you some cash-money... and it ain't even the fancy shrimp.  That aside, Johan V* said the shrimp taco was amazing. "Four bucks for the shrimp taco?  Price ain't shrimp-y, that's for sure." :XAlso, I had one of the Mexican cokes, but I don't get it.  Does it taste better? It tastes pretty much like regular coke to me.  What does it say about my taste buds? Should you bother trusting my Yelp review? dmo out.*Name disguised to protect freedom of eloteness, I mean, corniness. :X
3	Wasn't as good as I expecting after reading the reviews. The guac was good but had half of an unripe avocado in the middle. The empanada was good  but not great. The shrimp in my taco were small and over cooked.
4	My husband and I arrived with great anticipation to taste what everyone has been raving about on Yelp only to be disappointed by one of the employees. When we entered Sabor they had Latin music playing, pretty clean atmosphere, nothing much to brag about when it comes to decoration, but it has a nice appeal to it. Long story short. After reporting the rude employee. I ended up getting my food and my mojito free! Wasnt expecting that! Anyway the food was authentic and delicious! I will be going back!
5	From the empanadas to their massive burritos, Savor does not fail to deliver. We try not to order the same entree every time because we know how amazing everything is but we always get the quest dip! I highly recommend this place
5	I freakin love this place. If the name of your restaurant is Flavor, you can't disappoint and this place definitely doesn't. It's a good place to get a quick bite if you want to bite into something delicious. I'm a big fan of the arepas with shredded chicken, the fried yucca, the gorditas with shredded chicken and pretty much everything else on the menu. The tacos are expensive ($3ea) but everything else is pretty reasonably priced.
4	This is my fav restaurant, I eat here every week for several months now.. It's affordable, delicious, and people are friendly. Omg, the food is so good!
4	My go to taco place in Charlotte! Came here on a beautiful Saturday around 1 and service was quick. The 4 of us were in and out within 30 min. Make sure you check in to get the free chips which come out warm and get a side of guac, fresh and very tasty. Beware if you have extra guac and take it home it will go brown the next day bc it's so fresh!Definitely get the tacos authenticos with steak and fish. The steak is well seasoned and cooked so its not too chewy and not too tough. The fish has a nice crispy layer on the outside and great flavor as well. The salsa bar covers a range of spice tolerences, even satisfying my mom who's spice tolerence is off the charts!
4	This is my fav restaurant, I eat here every week for several months now.. It's affordable, delicious, and people are friendly. Omg, the food is so good!
4	This is my fav restaurant, I eat here every week for several months now.. It's affordable, delicious, and people are friendly. Omg, the food is so good!
