4	yes santa is real... and he plays the piano (in madison no less). he was jolly, he was bearded, he sang, and he had red suspenders (not sure if that last one is santa specific). anyway, he was good and the drinks were pretty cheap.the only downside was a pair of drunken sorority girls sitting up front, insisting that santa play 'paradise by the dashboard light' (the longest song on the face of the earth) and singing along to the entire thing.
3	This place has a good ambiance, with small tables, piano players going, and a dark interior.  They have an extensive cocktail list, but I wanted a good martini... sadly, they were unable to deliver.  No muddling of olives for a dirty martini, no stuffed olives (was specifically looking for blue cheese stuffed olives), and a ho-hum selection of vodkas.  If this place was able to step up their ability to make 'excellent' martinis, then they'd probably get 5 stars.  Overall, maybe I'll go back for a drink before heading out to dinner, or after an Overture Center event... but I hope they step up the ability to make a drink!  Give it a try if you're sticking to the cocktail menu.
1	The piano music / atmosphere are nice, but the staff is incredibly rude.  I am pregnant and my husband and I have never been treated so badly.  We were given the incorrect drink - and not only did the manager make us pay for the returned drink, but he was very verbally inappropriate.  I'll never return and I'll be calling the owner soon. Very disappointed.
3	For my ex's 21st birthday we went here.  Her and her sister wanted to go someplace that was elegant and nice.  This place definitely was.  But the staff, drinks and patrons matched that.  The piano player was really good.  He played requests.  Played a Dylan song for my my ex, but it was one of his "gospel songs."In anycase.  I was ridiculed by a couple of older guys who were at the bar when I ordered a Choco-tini.  Literally.  They called me a little girl for ordering it.The staff wasn't much better.  Hey, wait... I'm paying like $7 a drink.  And people are making fun of me?  Yeah, this is a place I want to go!Maybe now that I'm'a professional drinker, and not a Community College 21 year old, I'd appreciate a Vodka Martini or Manhattan at this place.  But, as it stands, I'd rather stay away from a place where people make fun of me.Not to mention the 20 minute wait to get a table.  Not even a "let us seat you" situation.  More like a bar or pub.  And we stood around for 20 minutes in the vestibule waiting for a table to open up.Not the best place for a college kid drinker on a budget, but for a swanky rich person: bingo!
2	The music and drinks were both awful when I was there, but the venue itself is pretty cute, I guess.
5	My wife and I were in town this last weekend and were recommended to the Ivory Room by some friends.  We popped in and were immediately greeted with smiles from the bartender.  We settled into some bar stools and ordered up a couple beers and shots.  We were very happy with the quick service as it looked pretty busy while the piano player was playing randomly chosen songs by the crowd.  I'd never been to the bar where you can pick songs for the piano player to play.  It was awesome!  We hung out for awhile chatting up the bartender, come to find she was one of the owners.  She ended up walking us through their clever martini list where we ended up drinking a few!The Ivory Room at first glance is an up-scale quaint piano bar with great decor.  Black walls, black bar, exposed brick, fire red pendant lights and a beautiful black baby grand.  For the wine connosseur there's a very nice selection of both reds and whites.  I found the selection of beers and liquors very good as well.  Everything I could think of and quite a few more that I didn't know about.We saw college students, business people, couples and singles.  We saw people playing a game at one table also.  I believe from the looks of it everyone was having as good a time as we were.  We had a great time and look forward to visit again when back in town!
3	Pro: $3 vodka and sweet teasCon: Santa in suspenders wouldn't play our songs. In fact, when we put our songs on the post-it and placed it on his piano, he would simply look up at us and shake his head no. That's poor service. Do you treat the elves like that?Pro: $2 mystery shotsCon: It's a very small club with limited seating. Pro: There are seats right up against the piano, in case you want to get up close and personal with whoever is playing.I hear the girl and guy couple on Saturday night are awesome, and they look up songs for you if they don't know them. But my Friday night experience was not so hot.
3	This place is a real gem in a town full of frat-boy bars. The atmosphere is high-class and impressive. As soon as you walk in and you'll see black leather chairs, red velvet, and a black ceiling lined with white pin-sized "star" lights. I feel like Frank Sinatra when I'm getting a drink in here.Watch what you buy here, though. I ordered a cosmo that tasted like dish soap and ended up costing $10, and that's when I realized I need to just order beer/specials. And the specials are pretty good deals. But basically, most drinks are expensive and the bartenders aren't particularly talented.Regardless, the place itself just can't be beat.. I showed up on a night when a big bearded guy was playing the piano, pretty well I might add. He took all kinds of requests and ended the night with a medley of popular rock songs from the 80's and 90's.
3	I like this place, especially for those nights when you don't feel like you need to end your night going all-out.  It's a little small to go with a group, but if you are just a couple you can often find a seat at the piano. As with any place, it develops regulars, which can either be a good or bad thing, depending on your perspective. We've been there a dozen or so times, and enjoy all of the performers. The bar is fine and we haven't had bad service or exceptionally great drinks, but no complaints. There are often drink specials depending on the night.The lights in the ceiling are creative and a nice touch.
1	Wish I could give zero. Went here on $5 cosmo night and they charged me full price...then told me the drinks weren't cosmos...ridiculous, that's what I ordered! They won't ever have my business again.
4	Top 3 bars along the square.  Hits: amazingly personable bartenders.  Solid champagne selection.  Reliable martinis. Misses:  Santa is arrogant and angry.  Skip him.  Go other nights.  I do.  Hints: get to know the bartenders.  They are fantastic.
5	(I will preface this review by saying I've only been to the Ivory Room twice, and I haven't been sampling bars for very long. So. Disclaimer over.)Despite that, this place is my absolute FAVORITE. They just expanded, which means more room for dancing around--always a plus for me. If you're going to go for an all-out, crazy, fun time, go on Dueling Piano nights (Thursday-Saturday nights, I believe). There's a $5 cover charge (though if you go to Capital Tap Haus first and bring your receipt, you get in free), but it is so so worth it. It's basically one big, loud sing-along with the entire bar. Order a few $3 sweet tea vodka lemonades on a Friday or Saturday night...you WILL lose your voice from sing-screaming to the pianists, but I promise you will not regret it.I've never had any problems with staff or service, so I can't really speak to what other people have said about that. Love this place. Will definitely be going back, many times.
2	Boo- what's the deal with the $5 cover charge at the new location? So, you pay $5.00 to get in, but then you also keep tossing $ in the jar so that they'll play your song, or in the case of Dueling Pianos, stop playing a song you don't like. I'm pretty sure the average patron drops $20 on songs in addition to drinking during the course of the evening. Maybe I'm just bitter because I wasn't the one to dream up this racket.
2	We came here last night for the first time since the remodel and were a bit disappointed. We would come fairly regularly and loved hearing the local musicians (Especially the Caos) in the past and were always extremely happy with our experience despite how cramped it was.  So there's a $5 cover--Not a big deal and pretty standard for live music in Madison. The biggest complaint we had was the sound! They no longer use a real grand piano but just digital pianos in a grand shell. I think they said 'Slam Grand' on it. The entire sound was off and very digital sounding. Maybe the acoustics were just off where we were sitting (by the bar). Also the 'main talent' that started a bit after 9:00 PM just wasn't very good and we thought some of his renditions were weird. We will probably be back and give it another try but will make sure to know who is playing before we come.
5	We're almost 40 and it can be hard to find a place to drink a few too many, sing some songs we love, and have a great time.  But this the THE place to do it.  We shared the place with 20-somethings, 30, 40, and 50-somethings.  Everyone can have a fantastic time here.  The best aspect of the "dueling" pianos is that there are no set breaks - the music never stops.  We were Ivory Room fans before the expansion and now it is a whole lot better.  Love it!
1	This place is awful.  I enjoy the piano a whole bunch, but this music playing was lame and their service is horrible.  My boyfriend and I tried to go there a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday night and we got turned away because they were apparently at capacity.   Understandable I suppose, but the way the bouncer came across was just rude.  Last night, we decided to give it another shot and have a nightcap.  We'd sat there for a good 10 minutes until our bartender approached us and asked what we'd like.  We were going to share one of their specialty martinis.  After a minute, Bartender came back and said he was out of the Midori Liquor he needed to make it, so we opted for a beer instead.  We usually end the night with an Irish Car Bomb because we love them very much.  We asked Bartender how much they charge for one bomb and he replied with $6.50.  We were stunned.  That is the most expensive we've seen around Madison and for what?  A little Jamo, a little Baileys with a tiny splash of Guinness? Outrageous.  So we expressed how pricey we thought that was, not in a mean way but just an observation.  He then replied with, " Welcome to a GROWN UP BAR." Are you kidding me? That's how you talk to your patrons?  I don't care if you're having a horrible day, that is unacceptable.  Never again.
5	Fabulous music and drinks! The piano playing and singing were FANTASTIC! Went there with a large group of friends and we had an absolutely fabulous time.
5	The atmosphere is cozy, yet you can bring a large group and be comfortable. Don't plan on lots of intimate conversation if you're close to the pianos - it does get really loud, but it's so much FUN! Josh Dupont is incredible. The drinks are delicious, the bar service is timely, it's a cost-effective night out (only $5 cover!!! Crazy low-cost!) with real talent, courteous staff all around, and old-fashioned fun as you sing along to tunes you/the crowd requests. Just don't tell them it's your birthday if you don't want to be put front and center (or top and center? - on top of the pianos!) and sung to with an interesting rendition of Happy Birthday. ;) Oh, and I've been to the old location and the new (yes, I liked the old one, but they had to expand) and have been there multiple times.
3	Fun place to hang out and catch some live music, but seating is rarely very plentiful and I would say the prices are a little on the high end. $5 cover charge also kind of blows, but I get it. The musicians are good entertainers for the most part and they do a good job honoring requests, even if they don't know the song. My dad has been in the live-music industry for over 30 years and so I have seen many superior venues, but in terms of downtown Madison this place is worth checking out.
4	This place is pretty cool.What's not to like about it?Music? Goood!Alcohol? Gooood!Drunk singalongs? Gooooood!
3	This place can be a lot of fun. The dueling pianos can make for a great night. It's the only place like it in all of Madison. Enjoy shouting out the lyrics to all your favorite songs from the 80's and 90's? This would be the place to go. The musicians do a great job of getting the crowd involved and keeping people entertained. My only gripe with this place is it gets so crowded you can barely move around. This type of overcrowding makes no only makes it difficult to see the pianos, but also to get a drink. Some nights it's simply too crowded to have fun and get involved.
4	Dueling pianos?Drankin' drinks? Yeah. Bring it.
5	I had not been to the Ivory Room for more than one year, maybe two.  Time flies!  At that time they had one piano in the front and a much smaller space.  We visited on a Tuesday for a group event and the place grew!  They practically doubled the space size and now have two pianos.  They only had one musician on Tuesday however he rocked the joint!  What a FUN time!  The drinks were good and they offered a Rum Chata Russian which was a new treat.  I cannot wait to visit for a weekend night when I suspect both pianos will be dueling!!  Nice job on the space!!
5	Super fun time for music and drinks.
5	Love it. What a cool place to chill downtown. It's a pretty relaxed atmosphere with a great staff. If you're there for the duelling pianos, you'll definitely have a good time. The only issue is that some seating is obstructed by columns, but overall there's not a bad seat in the intimate house.
4	Had a great time! Really talented musicians who were also good at working the crowd. The Ivory Room also has a fun energy atmosphere.  It's an intimate venue so get there early for a good seat!Also, there is no sign outside so you really have to look for it. Definitely worth going for a fun night!
5	I frequent piano bars in Chicago as I am a huge fan of live music. There's a certain lounge atmosphere that I enjoy and this one keeps tradition. The pianist had great vocal range for being a guy!
3	Get your drink next door at buck and badger, then use your receipt as cover charge here. The drink specials are good and cheap. Make sure you tip the pianist plenty so you get your song in first. And if you're a rival of Wisconsin, drop like 40 bucks to make the whole crowd mad and pony up the cash to get them to stop playing your alma mater's song!!!
1	I don't get the fascination with this place. I've hesitantly been here three times and every time I wonder why people seem to dig it so much. Then it hit me. Everyone that isn't yawing at the tedious, lackluster music is completely hammered. That seems to be the only way to enjoy what's being played. "Living On A Prayer" or "Call Me Maybe" might be crowd pleasers, but after the second time of hearing each in one night, I understand how people want to start slamming drinks to dumb their brains up.Service is just bad. I have a couple experiences there that irked me, but the most recent was being told by a bartender to "fight through the crowd to the other end of the bar for better luck getting served." I don't really know what the story was behind that. It just seemed rude. The crowd is pretty varied in age. It's not above a frat bar like some people might say. The frat guys are just camouflaged in sports coats , and even Bon Jovi doesn't relax their egos enough to step aside as people try to walk past them. Personally, I just don't enjoy this place.
4	Amazing pianists/vocalists, including a husband/wife duo who knocked our socks off. 3 performers rotate to perform any hit you request.Hit up this spot for late-night fun with a group of friends while visiting Madison, and we had a blast! The energy was great the whole evening and we left with hoarse voices and a ton of laughs. Check it out for a nice bar-hopping alternative!
2	Maybe I am just biased as to what I think piano bar atmospheres should be like (lots of singing, audience interaction, places to stand up and dance, and views of the performers from the entire bar), but this place on a Friday night just didn't seem to check off any of those requirements for me.It's much smaller than I would have expected, and had a very low energy crowd when I was there (midnight on a Friday). The performers didn't seem to do a ton to help that. This has definitely more of a concert venue for a small crowd than a fun time with fun music. It feels cozy, which just seemed weird for a piano bar that was playing fun music. There is a cover to get in, but there is no reason to ever pay one, nor would it be worth it. Just head next door to Buck and Badger, order a drink (or better yet a shot-ski), and keep the receipt which you can then use that to get yourself in. We managed to find a couple seats at a table in the very back of the room by the bar, but had essentially no view of what was actually happening on stage. There are a lot of tables that do have good views, but they were full when we got there.The two people on stage played all of the standard piano sing-along songs, but it certainly isn't the kind of place where you can put your arm around your friends and sway back and forth screaming Styx, Elton John, or John Mellencamp at the top of your lungs. I guess you could all sing to each other across the table while sitting down, but that just isn't as fun. It's probably the atmosphere that they are shooting for, but it didn't seem very fun to me and certainly didn't need a cover charge, especially when the performers make you pay for requests. The actual bar earns them some good tidings from me though. I liked the selection of local craft beers that they had on tap. There wasn't a huge selection, but they did have some good options. Prices were a little high for a place that charges cover, but not terrible. The bartenders were good, and did a decent job of getting everyone served. We ordered all our drinks at the bar because we were right next to it, but they did a great job of coming around and clearing out empties and checking on us.I don't think that this is a place that I would visit again, or if I did I would make it a stop earlier in the night when things were calm and we were just looking for a few drinks in a classier atmosphere. Like I said, this place may have put together exactly what they were going for, but it didn't meet any of my expectations that I have when I want to go to a piano bar.
1	Worst customer service experience I've ever had at any bar, which is saying a lot.  The crowd was filled with a bunch of white rich frat boys and wanna be frat girls.  Drinks where way over priced.  And there was a cover charge just to get in!  And the songs sung were really lame and the same jokes were repeated during the night.  Come on, think of something new and creative.  No talent by the staff, the pianist, and the crowd there.  Would not recommend.
4	This place is the epitomy of a cocktail bar.  It has such a warm feel with great entertainment.The bar is fairly priced and it is a nice place to go. It is so much fun on a date or with a group of friends. It connects to the Buck and Badger.  So grab a drink at the Buck and Badger, save your receipt and get into the Ivory Room for free.Honestly, this is one of my favorite places in Madison and even if I can't find an excuse to go, I love heading out there on the weekends.
1	If you like overpriced drinks, rude service, hearing the same songs repeatedly, hearing the same jokes over and over again, and being surrounded by rich douchebags, then by all means come here.
1	This bar only gets 1 star because giving 0 stars is not an option. This place is run by incompetent, deceitful managers who hire incompetent, untrustworthy employees. The first and only time I went here I was overcharged and then lied to by the management.    I had gone out with two friends for drinks. I charged our drinks to my card for a total of $18. I tipped in cash ( I've worked in the industry and know how much cash tips are appreciated) and drew a line through the tip line, wrote $18 for the total, and signed the receipt. A few days later I checked my bank statement, my card had been charged for $100. So I visited the Ivory Room to speak with someone about this gross overcharge. When I showed up, I asked to speak with a manager to which the employee responded that there was none present. I told him I had been overcharged and needed to correct it, explained my situation and then the bartender responded by saying, I was the one who waited on you, you meant to tip me $82 and close your tab for $100. I argued with him saying that was ridiculous and not what happened to which he responded, "Oh, well maybe you were drunk". Unbelievable, not only that he would say that, but I had one drink. He told me I could speak with the manager next door, but she would not be there until the next day.   The next day I went next door and asked to speak with the manager, a woman came out and asked me what I was there for. I explained the situation and she responded, "Oh, he (the bartender) told me you'd be coming. I looked at the receipt and you wrote in a tip for $84". First off, that isn't even the right amount, and second, she was obviously blatantly lying to me. I told her that I wished to see the receipt and she told me she could not get it at the moment but if I came back the next day she would have a COPY for me. behind the bar but may not be present. I was too frustrated to refute and came back the next day.   The next day, I came back yet again, asked for the copy, and the manager comes out. She said that she "went back" to look at the receipt and I was indeed correct, I had written a line through the tip line and written $18 on the total. Making it very obvious that she had LIED to me the day before. She said she was going to refund my entire $100 (as she should) and if it "made me feel better" she would "really scold" the employee who did this (it didn't).    I had every intention of getting this employee fired, for very obviously thinking he could take advantage of me because he thought I was drunk or wouldn't check my bank statement.   Bottom line: This place is run by incompetent, deceitful people. The manager I spoke with is also the owner. If that doesn't say something about the standards of service, I'm not sure what does.
4	Dualing Piani....er, pianos! Need I say more? Not to busy early in the week but standing room only on weekends! Good drinks, no food, and the perfect place to go with a crowd. Get there early though, or your crowd will be standing most of the night.
5	My golly I had such a good time here. The entertainment is top-notch, hysterical and definitely worth the $5 cover. The drinks are cheap and never ending. There is plenty of seating (but it's still super packed). Houses a diverse crowd of people, and everyone seems to have a great time. They only play well-known jams, so don't drop any money if you wanna hear something eclectic like my buddy did. Otherwise sip a few and sing something reminiscent with your pals.
3	The piano bat itself is okay..a bit overrated. They have pretty decent cocktails though. My friends like to come here for the weekend. Sometimes it's fun, but sometimes its just way too crowded. I've  been to better piano bars..
3	Ivory Room is definitely a good time, but there's always a $5 cover (like others have mentioned, you can grab a drink at Capital Tap Haus first and get a voucher for free entry), and sometimes there is a wait, too (even when it doesn't look that crowded). I also don't love that there's not much room to dance, because most of the bar is filled with seats, and it's hard to weave through people and tables. Also, it's not something you can do every weekend... they play a lot of the same songs.
3	My latest visit to The Ivory Room was scorned by the lack of space to sit/stand/move.This piano bar is a true unique gem in Madison, but apparently, it's gotten too popular for the amount of space they have in their current location.Good beers? Yep! Awesome drink specials? Always!A few years ago they added a second piano, which is when this place really took off. The dueling piano concept is really neat because it provides continuous playing throughout the night and allows the pianists to play off each other.Pro tip: go have a drink at Capital Tap Haus, save your receipt, and get free entry into the Ivory Room (instructions located at the bottom of the receipt). You're welcome.
4	I can't believe I haven't been to this place sooner!  Dueling Pianos - what great entertainment!  The place became very crowded throughout the night.  In the beginning my friend and I were sitting back by the bar area.  It was fun to listen to the music, but we weren't really able to see the performers.  Later on, we ventured our way to the front and were able to find a couple of seats - wow, what a difference. It was much more interactive and WAY more entertaining!  So amazing the talent these guys have that perform.  Very wide array of ages at the bar, and a very wide array of music which was nice.  I felt that the bartenders weren't very friendly and seemed like they didn't want to be there.Super fun place that I could find myself frequently going to. (made me miss New Orleans - Pat O'Briens!)
1	Incredibly shitty.  The old ivory room has lost its soul.  If you want a raucous party with pianos go to Howl @ the Moon - the new ivory room is just a crappy knock-off.   The pianists (ha) spend more time talking about money than actually singing.
3	Maybe it is hopping on a weekend night but on a cold weekday night, it's kind of depressing.  Without the crowd, its a lot easier to notice that the interior is pretty dated and dirty and the carpet being sticky.  The piano player did an admirable job trying to engage the crowd but let's face it, it's hard when you are starting off with a song from Mulan.
