1	I've been to this Denny's many times. This time, I just had to add this restaurant. It's pretty terrible. This time one of my friends ordered the sampler platter (she ordered it first and I didn't want to get the same thing.)Thankgoodness! It usually comes with Mozarella sticks, chicken strips, and onion rings. Hw came back and said they didnt have chicken strips. WTF!! So they asked if she wanted the shrimp. She said okay. Then he comes back and says they don't have onion rings. So they gave her regular fries and more shrimp. At the end, no compensation or discount. Charges us for the sampler and says he doesn't have the code to give us a discount. TERRIBLE!! I would never recommend this Denny's to anyone!
4	I upgraded my review from 2 star to 4.  The customer service improved drastically.  Congrats.
2	Not the best Denny's I've been to. It was empty and not busy at all. It seemed as if they had no employees because the manager was the same person taking our order and serving my friend and I. It's super quiet a little to quiet, like a run down saloon in the old west. The service was mediocre and the server didn't ask us what we would like to drink. Overall Denny's is great, just not this location.
2	i have been here numerous times and it is what you'd expect from a Denny's.  Food is okay and reasonably priced.  I am writing this review though due to the terrible service I received/ did not receive last night.  I attempted to order something to go over the phone and was immediately put on hold.  This is okay they may have been busy.  But I could hear everything in the restaurant which included the gentleman who answered the phone joking around and shouting liar at I assume another employee.  If you are able to do this you could have taken a quick order.  After being disconnected I attempted to call back and got a busy signal.  I presume the phone was off the hook.  I know it is just a Denny's, but in a neighborhood that struggles to get business you'd think some effort would be paid to service.
5	This Denny's is hands down fantastic. The service was awesome, the staff was very personable, and the food was great. I went at about 11 pm and loved it!They also give a military discount!
4	Great restaurant. Comparable to other Denny's locations, although their hot cocoa could have been better.Kids eat free here on certain days and w/ other stipulations, so definitely inquire about this!Love Denny's in general because they always have new foods to try and occasional deals, e.g. $2, $4, $6 foods.The best part was the service. They didn't make us wait and were super attentive. A+ for that. Would go back here for sure.
2	The food was good for what it was, but it was pricy. We started off with the build your own sampler appetizer, which came out so much smaller than we thought it would be. I had the grand slamwich, which was decent. My boyfriend had the hickory grilled chicken sandwich, which was extremely dry and lacked flavor. Our waitress was overwhelmed because she was the only one working, and it was difficult to get her attention just for refills. Overall, everything was average. The only benefit was it was 24 hours... but next time we'll just go to IHOP.
3	A couple of things you need to know so your experience will be as positive as possible. I've been here many times and you should ask to be sat in Lourdes' section. She always seems to on top of things when it comes to service. Any other waitress is slow and incompetent, period!Also I don't believe all their cooks are experienced at this location, so have no reservation sending something back if not the way you want it. Other then the above, it's a good place to eat.
3	My parents had a coupon and treated the kids and I to breakfast. The server was friendly but with so many tables to wait on she had trouble attending to us. The hostess was unfriendly. The food was standard diner fare, but it took nearly 45 minutes to get to us even though the restaurant was half full. The hobbit hole breakfast was a bit disappointing as the hearty sausage that you pay extra for was void of flavor. The line at the cashier to pay was also annoyingly lengthy. This place wouldn't be bad if they added more staff.
5	Overall: Best Denny's I have been to in Las VegasDetails: - The food quality has been consistently good during the 1/2 dozen times I have eaten here.-My 2 1/2 yr old daughter LOVES the mac'n cheese here and my wife and I actually get to enjoy our meal because she enjoys hers.- Great Denny's value with military discount
1	This is one of the worst experiences I've had in a long time. We arrived at 12:55 waited until 1:15 before anyone even acknowledged our table. The waitress Lourdes finally comes over after BSing with another coworker and says I have to stop off somewhere and I'll be right back. I said we haven't even gotten drinks yet and been here 20 minutes. She said I will do it all at once. WHO DOES THAT???!!! There is all of 5 tables occupied and it has been 30 minutes since we ordered and nobody has refilled my coffee. The manager walks around like he is doing something but sadly.... He's not. Stay away if u want to eat this century
1	My husband and and I went for breakfast and were greeted by a young girl that clearly hated working there. We were seated in a booth that had a sticky surface, it was gross.  Then we keep hearing F bombs from the staff in the kitchen.  If it wasn't for our great server Edgar, we would have left.  Food was mediocre at best.  We won't be back, we will go to IHOP next time.  Clean up your act Denny's on Simmons!  Terrible!
