4	Mmm. Finally made it to BLB for date night. It takes kajungas to plant an upscale French-Mediterranean joint in the middle of a half-vacant Family Dollar shopping center. Maybe they think the food's good enough to pack 'em in, despite the discordant surroundings. Based on the experience we had this evening, they could be right.I really like this space - high ceilings, wood but not too much, large windows that let the sun and views of the train tracks, pawn shop, et all in (I heart p/m). Cozy area at entry for couch-sitting and drink-sipping. Actual Smorgasbord cabinets lining one wall, ostensibly for Sunday Brunch. Outside patio for us smokers, thanks dudes!So we had pretty much everything veg on the menu, since, you know, it was date night and all. There are really only 4-5 things to choose from, and much fewer if you're vegan. The house vinaigrette was really rad - dill/lemon emulsion, super green yet light. Lavash, accompanied by hummus (thickened to the point of becoming paste, but very savory, topped with thyme, yumm) and baba ganoush (a little thin and sweet, I was missing a tahini kick) was dainty, architectural, perfect. Mushroom brioche was intense with truffle oil and seared 'shrooms, but the brioche was less sponge, more stale bread, which didn't kill the plate for me, but took some of the enjoyment out of it. There's a roasted veggie sandwich on their menu. Despite my recent ranting about the overused Roasted Red Pepper and its being the go-to for every vegetarian main in our fair city, this was enjoyable - dense, fruity bread, piles of thick, roasted tomato and pepper, some tart goat cheese scattered on top. Had to try the homemade gnocchi - although slightly green, I didn't get spinach, but the texture was amazing - somewhere between ricotta cloud and french fry. Neat.Service was smart, quick, enjoyable, and shared. Between being checked on, chatted with, greeted and bid farewell, I think we talked to at least half of the staff before we were finally done.All that for the whopping price of 30 bucks. Welcome to the neighborhood, ya'll!
4	Bistro La Bon is one of those restaurants that you describe as a delicious restaurant in a crazy strip mall.  It is in the Family Dollar strip mall on Central Ave.  Could you ask for anything more sketchy? Talk about lock your doors when you get out of the car.BUT.... When you walk in, it is like, oh, this is nice!  I sat at the bar and had a glass of prosecco and some mussels.  I want to go with a group of people, preferably my Yelp friends and order every appetizer on the menu. OK?  Can we go? Please and thank you.
4	Bistro La Bon... I officially award you "Best Brunch in P/M". It's a heavy crown. Wear it well.For 14 bucks (used to be 12, but we'll get back to that in a sec) you can stuff your face (or nibble, delicately, if you're one of THOSE people) with high quality, Scandi-merican dishes, breads, sauces, gratins, meats and of course, buttery, velvety scrambled eggs. And fruit. And salad. AND made-to-order chocolate waffles (really, really good- more cocoa than sweet, topped with chocolate sauce and fruit) OR french toast (soaking with egg and cream, some of the best I've ever had or made).Service is upscale-dinner attentive. Drinks are extra (and the coffee is pretty bad). But the food is superlative for buffet-style and holds it's own in diversity, freshness and flavor against Lulu's a la carte spread and Zada Jane's vegetarian friendliness. So, I was admittedly a little cranks when we got our bills and noticed the 2 dollar up. But it seems that the extra couple-bucks-per is being reinvested directly into what's on offer, which is right where it should be going. Today's special plate for me was a roulade - pesto and roasted peppers wrapped in super-thin house-made mozzarella, dressed in olive oil. The first few bites had me wondering whether I was eating crepes or extremely light pasta. It was amazing. Seems to me they made the choice - either tone down the quality and variety, or charge what they need in order to offer something truly unique. I'm glad they chose the latter.My only wish - better coffee, included in the meal. Then it's five stars all the way.
4	This is a new restaurant in the Plaza Midwood section of Charlotte, NC that is located in the Family Dollar strip mall on Central Ave.  It is worth finding because the food is well prepared and the service is excellent.  They have a full bar in a separate area from the main dining area.  The one negative was that the filet mignon I ordered medium came close to well done.  You may want to order on the rare side and have it cooked a little more if it is too rare, since you can't send a steak back to make it more rare!  Everyone else in our group of four was very pleased with their food.  The Bistro La Bon is definitely worth a try.
4	I managed to lock my keys in my car right by the family dollar (cute, right?)While waiting for the locksmith- my husband and I checked out La Bon.It is a lot larger inside then what you would initially think. We only ate a few appetizers- I highly recommend the mussels.They don't really deserve such a high rating- because we only tried a couple of items. BUT- I was pleasantly surprised and I want to give them another chance.  Side note- it is VERY wheel chair accessible.
4	Bistro La Bon rates a solid four stars for service, food, presentation, and ambience... Don't let the location fool you. Just lock your car doors and hurry on in. They're not open on Mondays, so, since my twins are at camp this week, we came in on Tuesday.This place has tablecloths, cloth napkins, nice china, and relatively comfortable surroundings. They have four or five outdoor tables, and a surprisingly large indoor seating area, with a bar/lounge area near the entrance that looks pretty posh and comfy. Waiters are polished and polite, attentive without being smothering. They're also very enthusiastic, to the point of almost gushing about the food and how good it is. They're trying hard. The food IS good. Check out the menus in the photo section here. My wife and daughter and I sampled two small plates as appetizers, and devoured our three entrees. Entree portion sizes are just about right.The hummus is good, although we are hummus lovers, so we've had better (but not often). The olive, pickle, edamame sampler was yummy!They did a good job on everything else, too (see my photos). My wife thought the bok choy was a little salty, but my daughter liked it that way. I didn't try it.The dill potatoes were very tasty. The Salmon was great, according to my wife. Pan Seared Branzino (European Sea Bass) was excellent. I have no idea what's in that sauce, but it's decadent!The veggie sandwich looked great. I wish I had ordered that. My daughter could live to 100 if she keeps eating that stuff.The few suggestions I have for these folks are to put some art on the walls and to put some interesting treatments on the (rest of the) windows. The views of the industrial neighborhood and the power lines outside aren't that attractive. A bit of carpet, or sound-deadening material on the floors, ceiling, or walls, is in order, too, if possible. The place was pretty loud, and there were only six or seven other occupied tables there when we were.Those complaints are minor. All in all, this is a very nice restaurant. My daughter paid them her highest compliment: "I want my next boyfriend to bring me here." She's pretty picky, being a vegetarian AND lactose intolerant, and she found really satisfying choices here. I concluded I need an excuse to come back here and hang with friends in the bar for a while. It just looked relaxing.  Take $20 to $35 per person, depending upon hunger and thirst for alcohol. I think it's worth it.
4	I knew I was going to a neglected strip mall which was an unlikely spot for a restaurant--lest one of this surprising caliber. Upon entering, we were warmly welcomed and while walking to our table took in a very spacious floorplan complete with bar and a comfy, casual seating area. The space had a good energy and that certainly carried over when our server added to our  dining experience by not only sharing her appreciation of the food but  some personal asides that were relatable and humorous as well. I'd checked out their menu online before going but still had a hard time deciding once there.  Having been a caterer for many years, I have an affinity for not only good but interesting food, and I found both here.  I decided on the mussels to start.  They arrived at the table steaming hot amidst a rich saffron sauce topped with an abundance of fresh dill which gave perfect balance to the dish.  For you carb nay-sayers-- give in if only for one nite--  allow yourself to sop up the savory sauce with the  bread that comes along side.  You just shouldn't let something so good go to waste!  Next came the  Branzino atop a corn veloute with roasted potatoes.  The fish was prepared perfectly-- the skin side  crispy, adding texture to the dish,  yet still light and moist.  This along with the sweet and creaminess of the corn made for a winning combination.   Now you would think with all that savory goodness I'd be satisfied, but temptation called when the dessert menu arrived--I simply could not resist the devil's food cake with coffee ice cream.  Sometimes you have to throw calories to the wind and just go for it!  It looked like a work of art when it arrived-- on one side a chocolate sauce design, the other a stripe of strawberry sauce, sliced fresh strawberries and a sprig of mint adorning it--oh, and did I forget to mention that the cake was covered with whipped cream!  My taste buds were ecstatic--the cake, which I believe was flourless, was dense, rich, and creamy all at the same time.  If you're a chocolate lover,  you will definitely not be disappointed here!Could you tell that I really enjoyed my dinner?  So did my friends.  They enjoyed the house salad with lemon vinegarette and liked the dressing so much I think they'd have drank it if served by the glass!  The stuffed canneloni in shrimp sauce got rave reviews as did the vegetable sandwich.  They too were enticed by the dessert selection and had the bread pudding and the meringues with passionfruit mousse-- and trust me, not a morsel remained!From start to finish, it was a very enjoyable dining experience--a passion for the art of cooking and presentation spilled over onto every plate.  The staff was warm and genuine, and I left with a very satisfied palate and tummy as well. As soon as I work off those extra chocolate calories, I'll definitely be back to try some other dishes.
4	OMG, I have a new love in my life and we met at Bistro La Bon!   Too bad we can only see each other on Sundays--but it's worth the wait.  Yes, I've been totally smitten with the chocolate waffles served at Sunday brunch.  This is not to diminish the  wonderfulness of the other items served, but this is like eating chocolate air further indulged with chocolate sauce and whipped cream.  I ate mine at the end of the meal as sort of a dessert, however, it's not nearly as sweet as it sounds,.Other items I found delectable were the Swedish Meatballs, the Mozzarella Pinwheels and the Silver Dollar Biscuits.  There was a great selection of items on the buffet with plenty of options for vegetarians as well.  I'll definitely return for a rendezvous with my new love!  I'll make a reservation next time--I was lucky to get a table right at noon without one this time.  As it grows in popularity, which I'm sure it will,  reservations will be a must at prime time.  Luckily they do serve until 3 pm for those who might want to dine when it's less crowded.
4	Bistro le Bon on Central & Pecan (near the dollal store) is a good little French restaurant. The food is fresh and good quality with great flavor. It is worth a visit; think of it as a Barringtons in training.
3	After trying it twice, I would have to rate the food good, but not great! Atmosphere is nice with great city views. Nice lounge/bar space.
4	Bistro La Bon has become one of my favorite places to eat. At first, I thought the strip mall location to be odd, but once you're inside you forget about the wig store next door.The food is excellent and have only been slightly disappointed once. That's pretty good given that I've eaten there at least a dozen times. They have obviously made a big commitment to make it work. Overall the service is great. The food is great and they work hard to satisfy!Good job Bistro La Bon....
4	ate there last night with a group of 4 and it was money! christina our server was beyond nice and did a fantastic job. i agree with some of the other reviewers about walking up to this place in a pretty beat up strip mall, next door to a wig shop and family dollar BUT once they open the door for you and you walk inside all is forgotten. great looking inside, very nice hostess and staff all around, nice and dark, heavy wooden tables. great menu that has something for everyone including vegetarians, we somewhat covered the menu with a branzino order, 2 orders of the swed meatballs and i got the burger. i figured if they were going to put a burger on the menu it best be good. she asked me how i wanted it cooked, i perked up and ordered it medium rare it was just a touch over cooked (still pink and delecious and not so much i wanted to send it back) but this is twice now that i have said that in a review so maybe its me, maybe im officially becoming my dad and need to start ordering rare but I digress...la bon is really great, everyone loved their food, i was even really impressed by the simple house salad, thoughtfully prepared with a fresh lemon vinaigrette.  oh yeah and the fries are sick-o (thats for you julie).  half price bottles of wine $15.  i got out of there for 2 @ an extremely reasonable number and will rave about this place and be back soon.  the desserts were good but i wasnt floored by them; flourless choc and the bread pudding.  i highly recommend giving bistro la bon a try it will not let you down.
5	For 9 days that we were in Charlotte, we ate at this place almost every night and everything on the menu. You forget the neighborhood as soon as you walk into this place. Very cozy and nice. If I ever go back to Charlotte, I will certainly eat there as often as I can.
5	I may have to create a new list for places like Bistro La Bon...I think I may call it "Nom Fest" because I was in absolute heaven during their Sunday smorgasbord brunch. Oh my goodness oh my goodness...whether you favor gratins or chocolate waffles, lip-smacking french toast or creamy orzo salad, buttery brisket or delectable coconut macaroons, there is something for everybody here. And, honestly, this buffet (for $14.95 per person) is a pretty sweet deal any way you cut it. A few of the standouts in this tasty spread...Macaroons: ZOMG. I was ready to open my purse and go all covert ops on the buffet to smuggle out a tray of these perfectly crafted coconut macaroons. No joke, they are some of the best I've ever had. French Toast: Buttery, velvety magic. Perfectly made with the right amount of syrup. Just an FYI - you'll have to order the chocolate waffles and this French toast with your server, even though it's included in the buffet price. Sweet Potato Gratin: It sounds as delicious as it tasted. My tastebuds were dancing a jig of massive proportions. So, um, yeah, I'll be back to Bistro La Bon in the very near future. NOM!
5	Had dinner at the bar with one of my best friends....what a night!The staff here is very friendly and attentive. This is a big plus in my book.Appetizers: Oysters. OMG....they made the most perfect fried oysters you can imagine. They are crispy outside, and perfectly creamy and juicy inside. Perfect....too many places mess up a beautiful oyster!Goat Cheese Tartlett: OMG.....this thing is a beauty, with mushrooms on top, flaky crust, and yummy goat cheese inside. I could have eaten another one!For dinner my friend had the meatballs. They were lovely. The potatoes tasted like they were 1/2 and 1/2 potatoes and potato flakes....which would be my only complaint...but, overall the dish was still excellent.I had the Pan Seared Dorade Royal. I really enjoyed this dish! The fish was cooked nice and crispy on the skin side, and was moist and perfectly done. The rice was just incredible....loved that flavor.The portions are perfect. I ate everything, was not overstuffed, but not a lot to take home either.I am seeing a lot of comments about the neighborhood....it's in Plaza Midwood....which is a fine location if you ask me. I felt comfortable and safe there.We will definitely be back!!!I've heard some really great things about their Sunday Brunch...may try that soon too!!!
5	Oh my brunch! So, so, SO good. The feast is delish! For $14 you get it all. I was going to try and type it all in, but a copy/paste is better...ha!Home made Pastries & breadsHouse Cured SalmonSunday RoastsChocolate Waffle/French Toast (made to order...order as many as you'd like)Swedish MeatballsBlack Forest ham pasta saladHouse made mozzarella stuffed with tomato & basilPotato Gratin/Moroccan cous cousSimpson farm's Season VegetablesScrambled EggsFresh Salads & FruitsCrispy Bacon Bloody mary's are $4 and mimosa's are $3. Bloody's were good, but needed a little extra kick IMO. My favorite's were the made to order french toast (chocolate waffles were too sweet) and the sweet potato gratin. The eggs were so lite and fluffy...I wish I could make them that way. The place is very comfortable and larger than I expected. Great for an early afternoon brunch with family and/or friends. I say early afternoon, because bloody mary's are a must for me so my brunch time starts at 12:01pm :)
5	We were in a hurry. Luckily we visited on Sunday. $15 for your brunch and they have... CHOCOLATE WAFFEL. Yes.. it's as delicious as you think it is. If only I wasn't full from the rest of buffet (i.e. beef roast, home made mozzarella, swedish meetballs, pasta salad, home made scone... yea there're more), I would order another one. Anyway... next time I'll come starving and make sure it's a four hour brunch!
5	This brunch spot is not to be missed!  Yes, the previous reviews are correct!  Chocolate waffles and french toast are made to order, but don't make the mistake I did and let a four year old sample the chocolate waffles........yep, bouncing off the walls!  The Black forest ham salad is still calling my name, that stuff was just too darn good.  They also had pork loin, roast, pastries, sweet potato hash, fruit, etc.  Check it out for brunch, and as another yelper mentioned, try the coconut macaroons.....you won't regret it!
5	Excellent Sunday Brunch!   I rarely have the opportunity to go to brunch.  I tried Bistro La Bon because it's in my hood and it's new.   Great food line up.   Lots of color, textures, and tastes of food.  Very Fresh.   Very distinct and bold flavors.....  Mimosa was really good....Atmosphere....laid back and slightly relaxed.  The venue was comfortable and not too over the top.  I liked that.  I will definitely be going back again soon.
2	I wish that I had the same positive experience as the other reviewers.  A friend and I were visiting Charlotte and on our last day (a Sunday), we decided to try this place for brunch.  We completely regretted it.  The service was lacking; the waitress did not clear our table enough which left us with piles of plates on our tiny two-person tabletop. The food was mediocre.  Their chocolate waffles which appeared to be what they were known for were just ok.  It tasted like a regular malted waffle with Hershey syrup on top.  The positives are that the restaurant's interior was nice and the cooks in the kitchen did replenish the food pretty quickly which I can always appreciate in a buffet setting.
4	If what comes to mind when you think about Sunday brunch is tepid eggs and prepackaged meat product, then you are badly in need of the medicine that Bistro La Bon brings.  Whether you are looking for sweet or savory, simple or creative they have offerings in their well styled buffet table to suit your cravings.Don't believe me? They have beet salad, roasted vegetables, house-cured salmon and roast but they also offer you fresh, juicy fruit, macaroons to die for, french toast and the unbelievably light and fluffy chocolate Belgian waffles, topped with chocolate sauce of course. (You have to request the latter two from your server but that is only because they are made to order. Don't worry, they are included in the brunch price). They deal in the classics such as scrambled  eggs, bacon and salad, but they also step outside the normal brunch box with black forest pasta salad, swedish meatballs and peach chutney.The service is adequate and even with a large group, a reservation ensured their was plenty of space for out party. Frankly, you can't really beat the deal either.  $14 dollars gets you your fill of everything mentioned above and more (Drinks are extra, and while $4 for a bloody mary is a deal, I can't really go out of my way to recommend it. Try a mimosa maybe.)Bistro La Bon definitely knows what they are doing when it comes to a buffet brunch and I am looking forward to seeing what they bring to a standard sit down meal. In the mean time, you should belly up to the warming table and grab yourself a plate.
4	Passing by the sketchtastic strip mall this Bistro La Bon is in, I would have never guessed such a wonderful place could exist within it. Before even walking through the door, the aroma of bacon, eggs and other goodies hit me and I knew I had made the right decision to dine here. This is a smaller establishment so reservations would probably be good and you will see a variety of people there being Plaza Midwood and all. Not being too impressed by the brunch options in Charlotte I was hoping they wouldn't let me down and they didn't, not even in the slightest way. They have a wonderful selection of brunch goodies such as the standard eggs, bacon and pastries but also some other random bites like swedish meatballs, pot roast, pasta salad (with a kick!),homemade mozzarella with tomato and basil and more. Unlike some other establishments, the selection isn't overwhelming which is a nice change of pace since I like to go to the buffet line with a plan of attack. Along with the buffet you can order their chocolate waffles, which were fantastic but too savory to eat on my own or their french toast----this was my favorite. It was in a pool of syrup and melted in my mouth, I like that. My only complaint was that the sweet potatoes and au gratin potatoes seemed a little under cooked and being a carboholic, that brought me down.  Save room for the pastries such as their Girl Scout Samoa cookie like macaroons (one may have magically slipped in a napkin for enjoyment later) or pumpkin muffins. They also had $4 Bloody Mary's and $3 Mimosas so start your Sunday morning....ehh...afternoon right and check this place out.
2	Some of my favorite reviewers gave this place 4 stars, so I was happy about going out there today for a scheduled CMYE.  I've been gone almost five hours, and I'm still pissed.  I am not sure if I caught them on a bad day, or the fact that the reviews I respect are almost five months old.  Either way, "totally unimpressed" is the kindest thing I can say about both the place, and the CMYE. (I'll pan the CMYE later, if someone is silly enough to open a review page for it)I approached the buffet table, and the first items I saw were what appeared to be some sort of beef and poultry.  Both absolutely sucked!  The beef was remarkably tender.  I like a braised/pot roast style beef as much as the next guy.  This beef was so overcooked, that had I tasted it blindfolded, I would not have been sure what I was eating.  The poultry was actually a bit slimy, and the flavor was mediocre at best.I gathered from another review that one of the items I was eating was a black forest ham & pasta salad.  Really?!  As God is my witness, while I was eating it, I thought I was eating some sort of salmon concoction.  I remember seeing the words "black forest" taped to the sneeze guard.  I wondered to myself while eating, what is black forest about this salmon?!  No wonder!  It was ham!!The potato gratin was both cold and flavorless.  The scrambled eggs might have been velvety five months ago.  The were clumped blech today.  The crispy bacon was cooked perfectly.  If it actually had any flavor, it might have been a saving grace.The swedish meatballs were actually decent, and the sweet potato dish was pretty good, but for $21.00 (buffet, iced tea, and tip) I was actually longing for the Golden Corral.I missed Howie, Terry, Michael, and Jimmy for this sh#t?!  Not a second time!!!!
3	Solid effort from Bistro La Bon, but there are definitely chinks in the armor.When you pony up $14 for brunch, especially in a "sketchtastic" (thanks Tiffany N. for the awesome word) locale, you are looking for more.  And it is decent, with some bright spots.  But it's hardly worthy of exemplary status.On the bright side, you do get to make as many trips as you want to the buffet.  Unfortunately, it's a tiny little buffet, and even though BLB isn't a large space, it gets awfully crowded up there between trying to grab a new plate, scoop out something from the bar or even just pick up a pastry.  Some better space planning could help, because they don't really have the layout to provide a larger buffet.As to the food itself?  Meh.  The fact that they take the time to offer French toast and waffles made-to-order is nice, as it means they don't want them to sit and get nasty on the bar (of course, there also isn't any room).  Plus, the waffles are awfully nice.  Airy and light.  The syrup does taste like it comes from a brown bottle with a famous name on it, but that's not all bad - someone is buying it, right?The other food is decent, but nothing really stood out other than the crispy bacon.  It is thin and crispy, so it doesn't have a lot of flavor.  The potatoes have oddly inconsistent consistency.  The sweet potato hash was decent, but one bite gives you a nice flavor and taste, the next would take out a tooth.Service is oddly off as well.  The hostess greets you, and as we were meeting others, they didn't really seat us.  But no one met us at the table, and we were through our first plate before we were offered a drink, and then the glasses sat empty for a long while before being refilled.  Then it was a while longer before we found that you had to ask about the French toast and waffles.  Plates were generally cleared quickly, but it's just a totally indifferent attitude.Not good, not bad, thus the three-star, middle-of-the-road rating, and no desire at all to go back again.
5	I have a new "must eat before I die" dish - Bistro  La Bon's Bread Pudding. Try it. Seriously, it will blow your mind. A friend who frequents Bistro said the first time she had the dish the server recommended it ,to which she replied "I don't really like bread pudding." Insisting that she try it the server put her money where her mouth was-she offered to pay for the desert in the event that my friend disliked the dish. Several servings later the rest is history as my friend says she now comes often just to eat that delightful little masterpiece. We enjoyed a few appetizers - the seared tuna with Chile balsamic (great), the goat cheese tart w/mushrooms (awesome), and the shrimp-stuffed calamari ( my least favorite). Also- I highly recommend the fresh bread baked in-house. I paired everything with a glass or two of chilled prosecco and my portion of the bill (everything split three ways) was about $30. The restaurant itself is very nice. Cozy yet spacious it's a perfect option for a date- girls night out or even a small party. I will return to eat some more of that scrumptious bread pudding!
4	Bistro la bon is an amazing up and coming restaurant. I think it is well established but getting the mainstream to step into this restaurant by a wig shop may be a feat. Besides the non choice location the intirior and food are some if the best in charlotte hands down.My consort and i went to bistro la bon on a slow night. We order a variety of starters because we felt the most creative food was on that menu. We grilled halumi which was like a mozzerella grilled cheese on brioch and served with pears in port redux. Tomato-fennel soup: nuff said! The special mozerella was a miss for us not because of the mozz(amazzing) but because the pesto tasted like it was maxes out with spinich and no garlic or acid. We also got the duck confit which was served with crepe. It was drizzled with a sautern sauce which made me thick the whole dish was a delicious upscale version of chicken and waffles. For that dish to envoke that kind of memory was talent in execution. Dessert was an uneventful jd bread pudding. Iv had better.Service was fab however i heard another server saying he didn't particularly like a certain wine and while i know u may have a certain taste, you sounded off- putting. You should have apealed to ur customers better. Talk about the flavors in a wine not that u don't like it.I will be back bistro la bon!
5	Having been to some of the finest restaurants in the world, Bistro La Bon rates as one of the best meals I have had in a long, long time.  The fusion of Continental and Swedish cuisine provides for a remarkably uncommon fusion.  Having experienced a tasting menu at the Chef's personal direction, I was able to sample 7 courses complete with a  divine triptych dessert plate...  Each one excellent in its own rite.The staff provides incredible service while the interior provides a warm unfussy ambiance perfect for any occasion.  The wine selection compliments the cuisine both in quality as well as price-- unbelievable!Had I still lived in the Queen City, Bistro La Bon would be new weekly craving.  Hats off to Chef Majid Amoorpour!
3	Bistro La Bon is definitely a nice place to take that special someone to impress w/ atmosphere (see inside dining area), maybe even for brunch after that special night out. But if you are just "some dude" looking for quality food and a nice price...then La Bon may not work best for you. **Note, this review is just based on their Sunday brunch.** Atmosphere - sketchy parking area in a strip mall, friendly, busy, little noisy, confusing, frantic staff, cordovan colored square wooden tables and chairs, warm colors, dark stained concrete flooring. Service - It was the brunch buffet on a Sunday, so it was "buffet quality". Food - Here is what I liked: the French Toast (it did rock and was made to order), the macaroons (rival my fav from Enrico Biscotti in Pittsburgh) and...the rest was just "OK". The chocolate waffle (made to order) was decent but did not 'wow' me. The all spice or pumpkin flavored pastries filled with cream cheese were just 'eh' (bad that I could not tell the difference). The eggs were...and the chicken and beef were...OKAY, OKAY, OKAY...I hate buffets!!! There I said it! It is a freaking germ fest and the food is NEVER as good as if you ordered it ala carte! Sh-wooo, I am glad I got that off my chest! I could never work for the CIA, I just cave too quickly! Overall - I thought $14 was pricey for a buffet and you are probably better served to try this place for lunch or in the evenings for a fancy dinner. Unless you enjoy the possibility of someone being just a sneeze guard away from giving you H1N1. Time to use the hand sanitizer.
5	A wonderful gem in a rough setting. I have had lunch, brunch, and supper and have enjoyed each.  The service is always attentive and chatty, while not overwhelming.  The decor is comfortable with a nod towards more formal dining.  When very crowded, however, the concrete floors and mostly hard surfaces do make for something of an echo chamber.The brunch Sunday afternoons is lovely, with a great variety of meats, pastas, fruit, and baked goods.  The shortbread/biscuits are not to be missed.  My other favorite is the brisket, which is odd, given that I am not much of a meat eater.   It is positively fork tender and rests in its own delicious juice.  They also cook to order french toast (VERY custardy) and chocolate waffles (which I liked fine despite usually not being much of a chocolate person).  There is often a line for brunch.For lunch throughout the week, they offer a reasonable selection of small plates, entrees, and desserts.  Supper is more expensive, but still a good value for what you receive.  My other half is a vegetarian, and the chef gladly prepared something to his taste when asked (and it was quite good).  I've tried every variation of dessert they offer and have loved each.Overall, this is my favorite restaurant on my end of town.
5	Went back to Bistro La Bon but for Brunch this time (avoiding the wait at Zada Janes). Wow I was blown away again! If I ever have family or friends in the area I will take them here. The food was delicious- the buffet had something for everyone and everything I tasted was amazing.I like my eggs over done so those were the only thing I wasn't super pumped about- but they are cooked to order so I can suggest they cook mine longer next time.It is a bit pricey - drinks are a little over-priced in my opinion but everything else was so amazing it still gets 5 stars from me! Order Chocolate waffles and French Toast- yummmmmy!
5	I gave this place 5 stars before I ever ate there and then some Yelper reported me to the Yelp police and my review was removed.  Geesh - people are so serious.  OK, so now I've been there almost 10 times (or have I?) and I can officially say it deserves 5 stars.  Yes, every item on the brunch buffet is great and their bread pudding might be the most incredible dessert ever.  It's also a really cool place to hang out (good bar and drink choices, comfy couches).  The hostesses and bartenders are super nice.  I like to tell my South Charlotte friends how great it is and then watch them wet their pants when they see where it's located (in a strip mall next to a Family Dollar).  But they all recognize the greatness and location quickly becomes a non-issue.  If this place were to ever shut down, I would die.
2	Food and service were good but to charge $15 for a straight up martini is ridiculous!  Are we in New York?  Won't be going back anytime soon.
4	If nothing else, Bistro gets my vote for Charlotte's ugly duckling award.  Who knew a strip mall best known for it's Dollar General and its proximity to the train tracks could turn out such a pleasant little restaurant with the promise to become something great?Made it out here for brunch last week with the wife and a mutual couple friend after reading all the Yelp reviews that told me not to judge by the exterior of Bistro. So glad I listened to them!First off, I'm not a big fan of buffets at any time of the day, but a breakfast buffet especially reminds me of Shoney's and its Big Boy mascot who tried to teach me as a youngin' that french toast can actually be made as identical strips that are uniform in texture and color.Luckily, Bistro made a believer out of me.  It probably helps that the waffles and french toast come made to order direct to your table along with eggs and bacon served family-style.  The buffet was a great mix of fresh fruits and salads, and then a number of hot dishes for both those meat-lovers amongst us and our more vegetarian friends.  I skipped the meats completely and was more than full on the roasted vegetables, sweet potato hash, fresh fruit, and the wide selection of baked pastries and breads on the sideboard.  However, I am told the roast was wonderful. I also liked the fact that the head chef was constantly outside of the kitchen monitoring the buffet for himself.  He made a point to ask myself and other diners if we had any questions about any of the dishes.  Now that's service and the kind of thing that shows me this buffet is not going solely for maximum volume of food.  And did I mention the $3 Mimosa specials with brunch?  Seriously can't find much to bicker with here.  Just make sure your dining companions are either local or get a prep talk that you're not taking them to Sketchville for a hobo meal.  This ugly duckling is a swan inside.
4	This is the type of place that you walk of thinking "why haven't I been here before?"  I've known its been there for a few months now, but keep going to the same places and spending my brunch hours waiting in line and then waiting for food.  Not the case here.  Every time I have brunch I'm starving by the time we enter the restaurant.  Bistro La Bon delivered with instant gratification.  We were seated and asked if we would like a chocolate waffle or french toast, and if we want fresh eggs and bacon.  We answered yes, yes, yes, and yes.  The waffles and french toast were both out of this world.  I'm a chocolate person, but I still may lean more towards the french toast it was that good.  The bacon was a good thickness and mix between crunchy and chewy.  The eggs were scrambled and good, but I do wish there was more egg options there.  The buffet would be really enhanced by a benedict.  Below is the breakdown of the buffet:Great:  meatballs, potatoes au gratin, fresh fruit, apple pastryGood:  braised beef, sweet potato hash, sausage and cabbage, pasta saladMeh:  salad I will definitely be back.  Hopefully I'll be surprised with something new on the buffet that wasn't there before.
4	When I was 16 I had my car broken into outside of Bistro La Bon when it wasn't Bistro La Bon. Now, 8 years later, I ventured in this morning to try out their Sunday brunch I had heard so much about and was blown away.First of all, who KNEW that the inside of that dumpy little strip mall could be transformed into such a cool space?! I am a believer! There was a good 10-15 people waiting for tables, but the woman at the front said that we could eat at the bar if we wanted and we headed straight there ~ I like to be as close to the beer as possible anyways.Trip 1 to the buffet made me go "hmmm, innnnteresting". House made mozzarella with pesto and tomatoes, fresh greens with lemon dill dressing, sweet potato hash, braised cabbage and kielbasa, beef brisket, a roasted  vegetable medley, Swedish meatballs, a beet dish, a ham salad dish, and some potatoes au gratin with a ton of breads, muffins and pastries to choose from as well.I got a bite of everything and was really impressed with the veggie medley, sweet potato hash, lemon dill dressing, braised cabbage, and the house made mozz. All of it was just so fresh and inviting, or warm and comforting with a heavy helping of "so much better than i could do this at home" - the other dishes were good too, sans the Swedish meatballs which I thought didn't have a distinct taste to them.At the bar, our bartender was SLAMMED but remained friendly and attentive. She let us know we could order some a la carte breakfast items included in the buffet from her so I tried some scrambled eggs (delish, and enough came out for 2!) and my amigo tried the french toast (HUGE bread, and soooo moist!). At the end of our great meal, we got some of the fresh fruit they had out (all was ripe and delish) and we ordered the chocolate waffles. CHOCOLATE WAFFLES. Listen, I don't even LIKE waffles, but holllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllly breakfast, Batman! These were sinful, amazing and the perfect end to a really excellent experience.I'll def be coming back here soon, especially since it's so close to mi casa! :D
2	B for effort, Bistro la Bon. I enjoyed your atmosphere, and your wine selection, don't get me wrong.For me and my friend, dinner came out to $63. For hummus, 2 veggie risotto (terrible, terrible veggie risotto), and a napoleon for dessert.When a restaurant has the guts to charge me $15 for rice with a few pieces of onion, brussel sprouts and beet-- they better be ready to get hit with a real critique. The appeal of the vegetable risotto was that it had "hints" of truffle oil. Hints are nice-- presenting a basic aroma while not overpowering the dish with oil and truffle. All of the veggies were almost greasy they were doused in so much truffle oil. The risotto wasn't cooked correctly-- the texture was cooked a pinch under al dente. I personally don't like my risotto even at al dente, but I know thats a personal opinion.The hummus was decent but instead of homemade pita, it was served with pieces of this flaky, greasy pie crust-tasting stuff. Two-for-two: greasy food.Lastly! The saving grace of the meal: the passion fruit napoleon. The layout was gorgeous and the texture was spot-on. The only negative was the overly bitter taste of the passion fruit cream. Made me and my date pucker (and I love sour things).Sorry Bistro La Bon, at least you made quite a bit of money off of my meal.
3	It's not easy being so difficult.  Bistro La Bon happily accomodated our female party of 8 on a weekday night.  I will admit, the location is a bit unexpected, but inside is a laid-back yet sophisticated atmosphere. I was so impressed on my first visit back in the fall, that I was thrilled to return.  I pulled a repeat offender on the goat cheese tart and the duck confit.  For $10, you get a nice portion of duck that is scrumptious.  Duck lovers rejoice.  The tart on the other hand, let me down a bit.  It was noticebly better on my last visit.  I found myself reaching for the salt shaker.  I hope this was a fluke, because I freaking loved that thing!I also had the summer beet salad which was a special.  I am a beet fanatic.  There were no greens, just cubed beets, drizzled with a creamy sauce.  It had a subteley sweet flavor that I didn't mind, I just wasn't in love with it. I sampled the Swedish Jannsons Temption, which was excellent.  I don't really have any idea what it is, crab?  YUM.  Also tried the Swedish Meatballs.  They taste like meatballs to me!For dessert, I had the bread pudding and sampled the chocolate cake.  I thought the cake was a bit dense for my liking and the bread pudding was a very nice portion, but not out of the ordinary.  I want to emphasize that the service was excellent.  I think the food is good, but compared to what I had just a number of months ago, it was somewhat lacking.Still need to check out brunch!
4	I really have no excuse of why it has taken me so long to check out this Charlotte gem.  A truly unique place in a really crappy shopping center...but just walk inside and find elegance and charm.  Our waiter was fantastic and very knowledgeable about the menu - I took every suggestion that Drew (the waiter) offered.  Started the night with a very delicious French Martini - believe me when I say this place has good martini's I drink a lot of them so I should know.  Now to the food I think I'll start backwards on this review because my  favorite part of my trip to Bistro La Bon was the dessert and I rarely order dessert anywhere the bread pudding is out of this world - one of a kind and unforgettable (have I convinced you yet).  Some other items I tried that were tasty the ribeye appetizer and tomato bread (these are called something fancy on the menu but I can't remember) oh and start with the cheese plate they do it right here - take their time placing each cheese perfectly the presentation was beautiful and it was one of the best cheese plates I've had in town.
5	The brunch is so delicious, I had to go two weeks in a row! Each adult is $16 and worth every penny!Typically I steer clear of buffet lines at all cost, but Bistro la Bon is the rare exception. I found myself making multiple trips to try a little of every item they serve. They refill the dishes often so you get the freshest of all! Not everything is on the buffet line: the french toast, eggs, bacon, and chocolate waffles are made to order and brought directly to your table. Get the french toast...they melt in your mouth!You can find fabulous raisin scones (beware, if you are too overjoyed and squeeze them too hard they will burst all over you and draw attention in your direction), the apple pastry is oh-so-good, and the freshly grilled veggies are delightful. Pair the veggies with Swedish meatballs and the sausage and you've got yourself a healthy meal! I can go on and on!!Like others have noted, it's in the most unassuming place ever, but is completely a foodie's haven. Treat your tastebuds to brunch because you deserve the best!
5	Extremely accomodating for someone who eats a cruelty-free diet! The food was awesome as well as the service. I would definitely recommend if you eat fish and meat too (my hubby said his meal was great!)
5	I couldn't imagine one chef could get everything so perfect from the Middle Eastern to Italian but he has done just that. (I should be an expert on the topic of mediterian food being half Italian, half Lebanese and having an Egyptian born mother.)The atmosphere, and service is great and you wont believe the price once you taste how amazing the food is!This place is one of my top 5 favorites in Charlotte.
5	The food here is fabulous. I eat at the best restaurants in NYC and this is just as good, if not better than many! We had the lightest, fluffiest bread pudding, seared scallops in a delicious fresh light tomato sauce, duck and filet mignon - all phenomenal! They also have a wonderful lunch menu. Majid Amioorpour is a great chef. Our waiter was Matt and he was excellent! Wish I lived closer.
5	After one lunch and Two Dinners this is an Easy Five yelp stars on the Food.  The Service was 5 yelp stars off the charts, great teamwork and very friendly, eager to talk about the food and ask the Chef if they did not know! To me it seems like a fusion of flavors from a range of cultures (I think someone said the owner was born in Syria and raised in Sweden).  The Soup was Summer Squash, Zucchini, Olive Oil, Tomato (cold like Gazpacho and many of the same ingredients - so it will be on my Gazpacho list).  This "soup" was very mild and delicious at least 4 yelp stars!The Salad was simple and very good - the dressing was Excellent (Citrus Champagne Vinaigrette??).  My Entree was Gnocchi with Prime Rib, okra, corn, tomatoes (yellow and red).  The Bread was good one was like Cake the other was like... mmm Bread.Dessert - I questioned my waiter about Espresso - He said he was not sure they could make it that rich and sweet - Good Call, NO GREAT CALL - This is where I appreciate Fantastic service!!!!!  So I had the Awesome Flourless Chocolate Cake, garnished with Blackberries, Blueberries and Strawberries, with Mango Sorbet instead of Chocolate Ice cream!!!The Two dinners the most recent November 11th 2011were fantastic! !  !  The Best Duck breast I have ever tasted and cooked Rare as requested, Swedish Meatballs with Lindon berry Sauce on top of Mashed potatoes, a Seafood dish and Fillet Mignon!  Bread Pudding for Dessert all Five yelp star ratings!I brought my Girlfriend here for her Birthday after we were Married!  This IS a GREAT Celebration Destination!POPROCK LOVE and I had Dinner here one Thursday Night just so I could break my Never on Thursday Rule!
5	I'm not usually a brunch person--except at Bistro La Bon. Their Sunday brunch option is really wonderful. I have been here a few times for dinner over the past year and thought it was hit or miss. Heard about the brunch and tried it last June for my dad's b-day and also recently. Conclusion? Awesometown. Really excellent food. Brunch is $16/head which is actually quite fair given the food quality. Eggs/bacon, chocolate waffles and french toast are made to order, delicious, and many orders of each should be obtained.  The buffet has a great smoked salmon platter, delicious swedish meatballs and an wonderful apple/anise torte. I was also incredibly impressed my the level of service---the waiters are really on their game here. Also, very kid-friendly. We've brought our baby here twice, and it was super convenient. In fact, last time I visited, there was a baby shower, people with babies nursing at their table, and young kids around---the venue is a bit noisy so it really works with kids.  A plus in my book! Really, this place is hands down the best brunch place in Charlotte. The end.
5	I've had a couple dinners at BLB, and they were really nice.  Not dinners I would rave about, but definitely good.  That was not long after the restaurant opened.  And I didn't go back for a long time, except for drinks with some friends once.Then I went to BLB for brunch recently.  Holy smokes!  It was up in the top three brunches I've ever had, and the other two were twice the price.The BLB brunch is a buffet arrangement, but every single one of the dishes is prepared with patience and care.  There are dishes, such as the pot roast, that can only be cooked properly if started many hours in advance, and that's exactly what they do.  In addition, there are a few brunch items that they prepare to order because leaving them on the buffet even briefly would cause the quality to suffer (outstanding scrambled eggs, chocolate waffles that are made for adult palates, and baked french toast).To close the whole deal, they've got some delicious pastries, including an absolutely incredible apple strudel.It's a splurge to go for brunch here, no doubt, but I will be the first to tell you that given the quality of the food, it's one of the Queen City's great bargains.
4	Lemme tell ya. When you roll up to BLB do NOT be turned off by the weave store and the shady Dollar Tree or whatever is in that creepy plaza. Just understand real estate isn't cheap, and this is a gem among cz's. The first time I went to BLB it was all about the lunch menu, which was either 10 or 12 bucks and included a drink, salad, bread and a meal. I had the Swedish meatballs and lingonberry...my goodness, this is NOT IKEA meatballs. Tender, juicy, super flavorful and smothered in gravy. Salad delicious and fresh. The value was insane and I vowed to go back again. The second time, was for brunch, which was spectacular. SMORGASBOARD of culinary delights. The meatballs were there, along with brisket that melted in your mouth. Fresh pastries, baked breads, to-order French toast or chocolate waffles, salads, pastas, you name it!! The quality was great, everything cooked to perfection. Then...came my fifth time. (yeah, we went for brunch a whole bunch) Something was sorely amiss. The roasted veggies weren't fully roasted and were hard. The pork was tough. The service with taking away plates, slow. I'm really hoping the 5th star can be earned with those improvements. Bistro La Bon does up classy food in a relaxed setting. Unpretentious and well executed. Just wish the consistency of the brunch comes back!!
5	If I could eat only one restaurant every weekend for the rest of my life, this might be the one I would choose.Two of us went on a Sunday for brunch. I called ahead to put us on the list. We were promptly seated around noon.  It was busy but not packed, yet.Upon seating the waiter asks for your drink order and if you would like the french toast and chocolate waffles. Might I add that he french toast is some or the best you will ever have. The waffles were only OK to me and I love chocolate.We took our plates and headed for the brunch buffet. The fresh fruit was wonderful, all of the baked goods were top notch. The macaroons are better than Amelies'. The sweet potato hash missed a beat (underdone potatoes) but that was the only misstep. I hardly wanted to touch my eggs due to the amazing smorgasbord available but bacon was quite good. They had an array of cold and warm salads including roasted beet as well as a black forest ham orzo option. The Swedish meatballs are a must if you are a meat eater. Suffice it to say, you have to visit Bistro La Bon at least once for Brunch if you can. It is absolutely worth every penny. Bring your appetite and you will not be disappointed.
5	4.5, but worth it to round up.  If there's one thing you learn about Charlotte, it's not judging the merit of a business by its cover.  There are good restaurants in all kinds of shabby disguises here.  One of a few businesses in a strip mall type place near a Family Dollar, it would be very easy to just drive past La Bon in an effort to get to some of the more externally flashy, colorful places down Central.If it is a Sunday morning, that move would be a mistake.This was the kind of brunch buffet experience where I sat down with a plate of food and literally had to catch my breath because I couldn't seem to stop myself.  Everything we tasted was very good.  Superb standouts were the French toast, seasonal veggies, gratin potatoes, sweet potato hash and beef brisket.My husband's instinct is to wrinkle his nose at a 16$ brunch buffet but he had the same issue I had - inability to stop fork from going from plate to mouth over and over again.  He said it was possibly the best brunch he's ever had.  I'd say it was definitely the best I've had in Charlotte, and one of the best I've had period.  I'm telling you, I went from my current baby bump shape to a big old preggy belly shape in the course of an hour.The decor is comfortable and classy.  Service was pleasant and present so we had no issues there.  We went right after 10 AM when the place opens, so the big brunch crowd wasn't there yet but there was still some congestion at the buffet.  So the only thing detracting from a perfect is the slightly small size of the buffet.  I don't need more variety - focusing on a small set of offerings is probably part of why everything here is good - but more space would help.Bon appetit, bros.
4	We actually started out at Midwood Smokehouse this day as we were craving some cue for lunch but a 30 minute wait coupled with my wife's work schedule sent us, Frogger-style, across Central Ave. to Bistro La Bon.First off, a much larger space than what you would think looking at the place from the outside.  The decor is a little dark and pseudo ornate for my tastes but, I was there for the food and it was pretty good!  I started with potato/poblano soup that was pureed to a velvety texture, had just the right amount of heat to it and frankly was the best potato soup I've ever had.  For lunch entrees my wife and friend split the smoked salmon BLT while I opted for the roasted trout.  These selections led to a little humor...  The salmon eaters didn't ask what type of smoked salmon it was, e.g. hot smoked where it is "cooked" and dry or cold smoked where it is kinda raw-esque and moist.  Guess which kind they don't like?  Guess which kind was on the BLT?  Oh to see the looks on their faces when the cold smoked variety was laid down in front of them!  My wife gave it the old college try and ate half of hers.  Friend?  Not so much!  She choked down the first bite looking as if she would hurl and then I offered for the third time to switch plates with her.  Third time was the charm.So, allow me to comment on BOTH lunch entrees!  The trout was a smallish filet cooked properly and covered with a Mediterranean flavored tomato sauce.  It was good, not great.  The BLT however was excellent.  The bread was a lightly toasted, slightly sweet walnut variety, the bacon was smokey and very plentiful, the tomato and greens were very fresh and the salmon was perfectly smoked and moist.  I would definitely order it again.  Other items coming out of the kitchen past our table looked yummy, especially the cheeseburger.  That may be my choice next visit and yes, there will be a next!
4	I've been here for Sunday brunch a few times, amazing. The only thing I would say was the waitress was rushing us out. That was a pure turn off especially since it was my friends first time. I would definitely be back, planning to check out their dinner menu.
5	Bordered by a beauty supply store, a uniform shop, and Family Dollar, Bistro reigns as a diamond in the rough. Upon entering the unassuming storefront, you are transported into a charming interior befit for  celebrations.I came here on a lazy Sunday for an anniversary brunch. I was a little skeptical at first as I usually associate buffets with eating sub-par food from troughs, hangovers in Las Vegas, and those trays of nasty scrambled eggs that are somehow runny despite being overcooked.This brunch is no buffet but rather a self-described smorgasbord that will far exceed your expectations.Note: NO mimosas before noon on Sunday (Thank you Chapter XIV of the1741  North Carolina General Assembly). But when they do come, they come cheap and strong (only $3!) ;)Service: our server was on-point. Very attentive and gracious with refilling the coffee (I hate few things more than ordered the bottomless coffee that never gets refilled). Bacon: Bewarned, one order of bacon contained about 6 stripes of perfectly fried crunchy bacon. I warn you because you will eat all of them despite your hardest efforts. Take it easy there!French Toast: thick, fluffy, and sweet. Just the way I like it.Chocolate Waffles: nice as a novelty, but considering all of the other delectable options I'll save my room for the smorgasbord next time. The smorgasbord itself is an array of awesome. Swedish meatballs that would make IKEA blush, rich potato gratin, juicy beef brisket, the list goes on. There is nothing on there that I didn't get twice. The only thing that we wanted for was cream cheese for the salmon and bread.Be seeing you soon!
2	Went there with a number of friends for dinner and expected an excellent meal based on a lot of good word of mouth reviews. The ambience of the restaurant is nice and definitely not anticipated given the location. The waiter was courteous, but the service overall was average. After sitting down and having ordered and received our appetizers, the waiter more or less disappeared for about 30 minutes. We waited for our food for almost an hour. After pointing that out to the manager, he proceeded to assure us that it has not been an hour. Well, ok, 55 minutes do qualify as an hour when you are waiting for food at 9 pm. First rule of customer services is a restaurant: don't argue with your customer. Second rule: the customer is always right. When the food arrived the portions were ok, but a little larger portions would have been appropriate. From the time that the first plate arrived at our table to the time that the last of our party received their food over 5 minutes passed. I had the salmon, which was good, but nothing to write home about. The presentation was good, but overall the food was not very creative or outstanding in terms of taste. Considering the overall experience and the prices on the menu, there are definitely places in Charlotte that have better customer service, more interesting and innovative food, and are just an overall better experience. Pass.
4	It took me a while to get around to trying Bistro La Bon, but now I've been twice.  The interior is beautiful, service is that wonderful combination of unobtrusive yet omnipresent that makes everything flow smoothly.  The wine list makes me happy and has plenty of options for ordering by the glass.  The coffee has me asking "why does the coffee at my house not taste this good?"  The food is worth coming back to try more of.  I've never thought of Swedish meatballs as anything special, but they're a highlight of the menu, as is the flourless chocolate cake.  And there was some kind of squid-ink risotto thing that I'm remembering fondly now, too.  And despite what some of the other reviews say, this stretch of Central is far from the seediest place you'll ever have to park in Charlotte.  You'll be quite safe.
4	Did somebody say brunch?   Yes this should be on the top of everyone's list when it comes to brunch spots in Charlotte.  You will not be disappointed I repeat you will not be disappointed.  For $14 you get a brunch buffet filled with delicious muffins, breads, cheeses, salads, amazing asiago cheese grits and potato au gratin, swedish meatballs, beef brisket ( as you can see a ton of food)  I'm sure they probably change it up weekly.  You also get to choose between chocolate waffles, or french toast that are made to order and eggs and bacon for the table.You will have to be carried out of this place.I suggest making reservations this place can get packed on a Sunday for brunch.
4	I love this place! The owner usually takes the time to stop by and say hello, the entree choices are creative and yummy. I feel like we don't take the time to visit often enough. Great ambiance!
3	Overpriced.   Overrated.3 Stars instead of 2 because they actually do show some imagination in their menu.Unfortunately they lack the skill to pull it off.
4	We absolutely love this place I took my wife for brunch and she was hesitant about going to a place next to a Family Dollar. When she walked in she was pleasantly surprised with the environment and the decor. The food is great this is one our favorite places to go out in the  Midwood neighborhood.
4	Have eaten at this place a few times now (dinner and Sunday Brunch).  Really friendly service.  Each time for dinner, our waiters have been very knowledgable about the menu, wines, etc (which is a plus as I'm not an expert on French Cuisine).  Have not had a bad meal yet.  Further the brunch on the weekends is a great way to start the hangover recovery process.
5	If you want a 5 star restaurant at a reasonable price, this is the place.  Check out the 10 course tasting at the bar on Thursday nights.  $30 for heaven.  Everything is made in house except for the ketchup!  Make a reservation for Sunday brunch and go hungry.  I defy you not to fall in love with the French toast..... There are only 2 restaurants in Charlotte where I have never had one complaint.  Bistro is one.  Those of you who know me know that I know good food and so does the chef at Bistro and he makes it lovingly every day.
4	I have been to Bistro three times; once for dinner, second brunch and last a surprise birthday party for my girlfriend--the last being the best experience yet.I contacted Bistro and inquired about hosting a party between 20 and 25 on a Friday night.  They were able to accommodate and so I started planning.  The chef called me to discuss the cake, twice (the second with a variation of his first idea).  I, and others, have dietary restrictions preventing us from partaking; however, it was beautiful and others noted it tasted fantastic.I give Bistro four stars.  The food is good, the atmosphere wonderful, and they did an outstanding job helping me with my girlfriend's birthday party.  While the menu is not extensive, my only critique is fewer vegetable choices than I might like (never the less, they were able to accommodate my heavy dietary restrictions).  I've always received great service, be it the host, serving staff or chef.I definitely will recommend this to others, and for any number of occasions.
5	Parks and Rec's resident carnivore Ron Swanson would be a happy camper saddling up to Bistro La Bon's brunch buffet. Waiters will literally bring you all the bacon and eggs they have. As well as thick French toast and chocolately waffles whose sweetness could supplement dessert, but only a fool would pass up a coconut macaroon. The lavish spread includes brisket, Swedish meatballs, a variety of salads, fresh fruit and pastries. With so much to choose from, you'll certainly get your money's worth ($16) and if you leave hungry, you must have done something wrong.
4	I had the brisket and creamy artichoke soup. The brisket was perfect, tender and fell apart in my mouth! The veggies served with it were crispy and the sauce was incredible. The soup was cool and had an olive oil and fresh chive garnish. Perfect fall meal!
5	Atmosphere, very nice. Great Sunday brunch! Swedish meatballs and chocolate waffles were my favorite.
5	Very good well seasoned and prepared food. This is a diamond in the rough don't let the outside fool you. Awesome lunch prices and I can't say enough about how good the food is.
5	Bistro La Bon is at the top of my list of favorite restaurants in Charlotte.  As I was deciding on a place to take my sister for restaurant week I just really didn't want to be disappointed and though I would have liked to try somewhere new I just had a feeling that Bistro La Bon would be the place to go.  What an amazing job they did for restaurant week I seriously don't have a single complaint.  The portions were huge and they did 4 courses not 3.  I started with the mussels (prob my favorite food) these mussels did not disappoint leeks and saffron in this amazing broth with plenty of bread to dip.  My sister ordered the eggplant and mozzarella app and that was also extremely tasty.  Next up a salad nothing special but fresh and delicious.  I ordered the salmon for my entree it was served with creamy wasabi mashed potatoes and bok choy.  I know I have mentioned this in my reviews before but you can't leave this place without having the bread pudding it's the best dessert I have ever had.  I have had the famous bread pudding at Commander's Palace in New Orleans and it has nothing on the bread pudding at Bistro La Bon recipe please?
5	Came back to Bistro La Bon for a double date last Friday and it was a meal never to be forgotten! We shared a smorgasbord of small plates, including mussels in a creamy saffron broth, selection of house cured meats and cheeses, mozzarella and smoked eggplant tapenade, and the lamb wellington.  All of it was outstanding.  My only disappointment is that they no longer carry the duck confit small plate! Since I was pretty full off of appetizers, I just snagged a couple bites of my boyfriend's filet, which comes with a potato gratin that is perfectly sweet, salty, and creamy. This steak is better than any steak I've ever had at Del Frisco's or The Palm. The seasonings give a nice, flavorful crunch.  I'm impressed!
5	When I was on this side of town, which is a rarity, someone I work with recommended this restaurant. I could not see that it was a restaurant until I walked through the door. The outside area was suspect. However, I was transported back to some of the best five star French meals I used to have in California. The scallops were great, the creme' brulee was the best I have ever had. My friend had great tips and chocolate cake, which she raved about. Service was great, waitress was accommodating and it had a pleasant atmosphere. I have been recommending it everywhere!
1	I ordered the airline chicken fettuccine and it tasted like fish. Obviously the chicken was cooked on the same grill as the fish. I was I was very disappointed. This was my second visit to the restaurant and it will be my last.
4	I still really enjoy Bistro but I have to retract my 5 star rating just a tad. Last night we went in (Valentines Day) and ordered a dessert to go. It is my favorite dessert and I've ordered it several times, the Bread Pudding.My boyfriend lives less than a mile down the road so it literally was eaten as soon as we got home within 4 minutes of being handed over to us. I was so disappointed to see how the food was served. We were given one setting for two of us (which was fine I suppose), the top was completely burned (not fine), and the bread pudding itself was torn apart making it look like a mess more than a complete dessert. The dessert runs about $7 and usually is presented nicely in one piece and un-burned, if you can't deliver that on take-out don't offer it. I felt a little silly to rave about this dessert only to have it turn out that way. I would give this experience 2 stars but I still enjoy the restaurant itself generally.
3	If I had the halvsies option I'd have selected 2.5 stars... I do not like to write negative reviews (except MIA) I'd prefer to write positive reviews and let the great places shine, share my outstanding experiences, and move on.So I write this not in angst, but in a true hope that they can fix their issues and become a great restaurant one day.Decor.. blah blah blah it's nice, don't care about that.. Service was good, although the timing coming out of the kitchen needs A LOT of work.  I understand, I've worked the restaurant world, but this place didn't open last week, and while a slight delay is acceptable, a 10 minute difference between first and last entrees shows nothing less than a lack of communication and proper planning.....this would only be acceptable if... ...management or someone is to explain.. something.. lie to me.. I don't care, but at least approach the table and apologize.  Or make a conscious effort to assist (I watched what I assume to be a FOH manager walking around all night, we weren't hard to spot, we were the big 10 top in the middle of the restaurant, 5 of us had whole plates of food in front of us the others simply had plate-envy on their faces).  I do want to stress that the server, the trainee, and any assistants were excellent at what they did, management dropped the ball on this one, big time...Food was good but.. (there has to be a but)  my wife didn't get what she ordered, they attempted to pass a steak off as a prime rib as if I was born yesterday and don't know what prime rib is... furthermore people will tolerate a bit more rareness in a prime rib than they may usually prefer in a grilled cut, so maybe, just maybe, you should communicate this to your customer and allow them to make another selection...  I know my wife, and she would not have selected what was brought.  I had the duck breast, and it was phenomenal, mid-rare, not too fat-chewy like mid-rare duck can be sometimes, truly delicious dinner.  The wine selection is great, they also have a nice list of beers and a full bar, so aces there.They have a creative selection of appetizers and we all ordered different ones and swapped plates a bit (I know.. naughty) the charcuterie of mainly spanish meat and pickled veggies is delicious as were the scallops (but seriously.. 2 mid-sized scallops for $8???).All in all I'd say try it, maybe you'll get what you order, maybe you wont, we had fun but our group could have had fun Fuel pizza that night, for me to spend nearly $200 for dinner and drinks for 2, I can do much better in the QC.  My recommendation, spend half as much, get more consistent French-Mediterranean food at Roosters in South Park, but as I stated earlier, I hope this place succeeds because good food is good for all people.  Best of luck.
5	My review is for brunch only - that's all I've had there. But the brunch is fantastic! They have a buffet that has some great stuff, but is not overwhelming. They had everything from salad items, to an olive / pickle mix, roast, Swedish meatballs, (and there is lingonberry sauce!), and some desserty type items, like mini muffins, pastries, and my favorite, the warm coconut macroons. In addition to the all you can eat buffet, you can order from the kitchen items that include brioche French toast (my husband declared this the best French toast he's ever had), eggs with bacon, and chocolate waffles. I thought the chocolate waffles would be waffles that have chocolate drizzled on them, and they did, but they were oh so much more! The waffles themselves were chocolate, and the dollop of whipped cream had chocolate in it. They were delicious!The service was great. Our coffees and waters were kept constantly filled, and what we ordered from the kitchen came in minutes.I think for the 2 of us that the bill came to about $38. Which for an all you can eat brunch buffet is not bad at all.We made reservations (there were 4 of us), and when I made them on Friday afternoon, the only times left were 10 AM or 1:30 PM. We took 10 AM, since 1:30 seemed late for a brunch. It was quiet when we got there, but not empty. We took our  time, and by the time we left at about 12:15, the place was pretty boisterous. I would recommend making reservations, especially if you plan to get there after 11. If you get there before 11, then I think you won't have a problem.
5	Maybe it was because I had no expectations that I was blown away by this place but regardless I was.  We actually planned to go to another restaurant but because we were trying to make a concert, and that place had over an hour wait and didn't take reservations we had to change our plans.  Thank god we did.  I think it was a special, but if they have the Duck confit and you don't get it then we just can't be friends.  The mussels also have no business being in Charlotte.  Mussels that good, you need to be on the bay, they are that fresh.  The server was VERY knowledgeable and very helpful with the menu.  We let him make recommendations and we just sat back and enjoyed.  I will be coming back again as soon as humanly possible.
4	Small but attractive menu.The PEI mussels were perfectly cooked and the swedish meatballs we had for main course were really tasty.I found the restaurant comfy enough well decorated.The waiter dragged the whole experience down from 5 to 4 stars he just didn't exude the enthusiasm for the food that he could have.Certainly on my list for good mid priced fare in Charlotte
5	Bistro La Bon is one of my favorite restaurants ever. I have only been there twice, but I crave it constantly. Unfortunately I live in Raleigh, so I don't get to go as often as I would like to.I've tried a lot of thing here and all have been executed perfectly. They have a killer cheese plate, amazing mussels and the best bread pudding I have ever tasted, hands down.Its a cozy place with all of my favorite comfort foods. Very friendly, knowledgeable wait staff. Great cocktails and wine list.
4	Well, that was a mistake. I thought I would just pop in for a nice and light meal, making a healthy choice for a late breakfast. It's a "bistro" so they should have light stuff, right?Well, it turns out that on Sunday, Bistro La Bon does a huge spread for a brunch buffet. And since I simply can't resist a buffet, I ended up "forgetting" my plan for a light meal and ended up stuffing my face with a couple plates of absolutely excellent food.I don't know if they rotate out the meals, so your spread might be different. I had hand-rolled mozzarella, Swedish meatballs, beef brisket (a little salty, but tender), smoked salmon, hand-made sliced ciabbata bread, yummy potato salad and a pile of Caesar salad. Oh, but there's more. In the kitchen, they hide the hot foods and they are all included with your buffet. So I also had some scrambled eggs (fluffy!) and bacon, a chocolate waffle (I only had half) and the topper, a slice of French toast that was topped with real (not canned!) whipped cream and powdered sugar and syrup.So much for light, eh?I opted to sit at the bar and so I had excellent service. A really good deal at $24 or so with tip.
5	I had a great lunch experience .  Professional service. Food was absolutely amazing.I am giving 5 stars for the pricing . I couldn't believe it you still can get something so delicious with a high class    under 10 dollars .Thank you.(I have submitted to pictures of Slow Raoasted Beef Brisket and Sea Scallops )
4	I know people love Bistro La Bon for brunch, but I hated it. The all- you-can-eat bar is the only option and seemed to feature a hodge-podge of mediocre breakfast and lunch items. BUT, I love them for dinner. I love the mix of French and Southern cuisines with great flavors and plate presentation. Also, they are members of  the10% NC Campaign, helping build North Carolina's local food economy. Kudos!
5	First time here, had to check out the "famous" brunch due to all the great reviews. Many times it simply doesn't pan out. But thankfully, it did this time! First off, we recently moved from Las Vegas (aka Lost Wages!), the epicenter of the best buffets in the known galaxy (well, maybe the one on planet Zorton is better?)...The best buffet of all time, hands down, without question, is the one at the Bellagio. And tourists all over the world agree.Ok, now that I've said that, I need to put this "buffet" in perspective. First off, this is Charlotte, not Vegas. And the restaurant isn't located in a multi-billion dollar casino property. But TASTE wise, this buffet was EXCELLENT! Not a huge selection, but then again, the space is small, so they really do the best that they can.First off, let me start with one of THE most simple dishes that most EVERYONE screws up: scrambled eggs. Yes, the dreaded scrambled eggs. Most places, ESPECIALLY at a buffet, serve them hard and stiff.......maybe they're trying to find a replacement for Depleted Uranium??? I digress....but at BLB, their eggs were SOFT scrambled, creamy without being runny, and oh so delicious with a little salt and pepper. Now they do make these to order, mind you, so they're not sitting (and cooking) in a steam sauna. But they were perfect the both times we ordered them (yes, I ordered two helpings)! And yes, they come with God's perfect creation: BACON! (Cudda been a little crispier, but hey, I have to nitpick something!)The other two things you have to ask for that is made it order are 1) French Toast and 2) Chocolate covered chocolate waffles. Both were yummy. The buffet had something that flipped my lid: slow stewed beef brisket! When I looked at it, I saw large chunks of brisket, and thought....hum, that looks dry and tasteless. Man did I ever judge that book by its cover. When I had it, it melted IN MY MOUTH! In fact, that brisket is as good as any specialty BBQ place in town, minus the Tx style smoke. But it was DELICIOUS!Then I had the Swedish Meatballs, and they had the requisite tangy sweet sauce on them. Yummy. I saw the potato salad and thought the same (and silly) thing I did when I saw the brisket.....nah, just ordinary potato salad. Again, DOAH! WRONG! They were INCREDIBLE. In fact, the Exec Chef came out and I asked him, what the heck was in there that made it SO good? He said, "I can't tell you that! You wouldn't come in anymore!" OK, so I HAD to try.They also had a yummy kielbasa and cabbage, a housemade Mozzarella roll with tomato and basil, grits with asiago cheese, and of course they had various veggies, salad and fresh fruit. Now being a meat-a-tarian, I RARELY go for the latter, but I did sample some of what my wife had, and they were all fresh and delicious.The Coconut Macaroons were AWESOME! After we both stuffed our faces (and bellies) silly, I took 2 of these tasty morsels out the door and ate them in the car. Man were they ever good!All I can say is THAT WAS SOME GOOD EATS! We cannot wait to get back here for dinner. At $18 a person, with $3 Mimosas, this was a great deal! HIGHLY recommend BLB!
4	Came here for Sunday brunch and it lives up to the hype.  Have you been to IKEA?  The Swedish meatballs at Bistro are as good, if not better, than the ones at IKEA.Ever wish you had a bigger stomach?  I did when I was chomping down on the kielbasah (sp?) and cabbage.Ordered one serving of French toast.  "Why woodeye want 2" (Suttin' Else shout-out [youtube the song]).  You would want two because they are amazing.  Texture and sweetness is like biting into heaven.Chef Magid?  More like Chef Magic--food is out of this world amazing.dmo out.
5	I don't eat at buffets unless in Vegas. Just one of the random things that totally gross me out for no particular reason. But I finally got around to trying out brunch at Bistro La Bon after hearing rave reviews from a bunch of friends. Although located in a sketchy strip mall on Central Avenue, once inside the restaurant, you would never guess where it was located. Very nice decor, lots of seating, friendly hostess and good service. For $18, you get a nice little spread. Some of my favorite items:- French toast: light and airy, this is some of the best french toast I've ever had. I ate it all so we had to order more from our server for my dining companions!- Chocolate cream cheese muffins: enough said - how could that be bad?- Kielbasa and cabbage: I don't even like either of these items normally, but gave it a go; it was a very good combo and I proceeded to have seconds.- Greek salad: I'm a sucker for a good Greek salad, and this didn't disappoint.- Coconut macaroons: best I've ever tried; they were gooey and delicious and completely addictive.The buffet also had many other items, and the server will bring you scrambled eggs, chocolate waffles, and bacon if you'd like. This is no Vegas buffet, but the selection they do have is very good and well thought out. My only issue was that we got there at 11:15am on a Sunday so weren't able to order the $3 mimosas or $4 bloody marys. All in all it was very good and we'll be back soon!
2	I came here for their raved about Sunday brunch. And sadly for my taste, it was a very big let down. While walking inside and enjoying their decor was very eye popping and intriguing, their food was "meh."They serve about 12 dishes (7 hot dishes) and they also have chocolate waffles and french toast. The waffles, toast, and eggs with bacon have to be ordered so the waiter brings them out. (No worries, they're part of the buffet)So why 2 stars? Here are the problems I felt uncomfortable with...1. $18 a pop?! I mean come on the variety of food isn't that extensive at the same time I felt as if none of the dishes popped out to me as absolutely amazing. I believe that 18 for brunch I paid for was presentation of food...2. The service - it was okay, I mean I did expect a little more. The cups I drank water out of was lets say, a little smelly? The waiters use rags to wipe the glass cups down, and well I think that's what makes glasses smelly.3. The food - as mentioned before, the food was okay. But the price of the brunch and the materials of the food didn't make sense. Think about it, Swedish meatballs one of their raved about dishes... Everyone compares it to Ikea, yes it's better but the price of it doesn't make sense. Probably the most expensive plate is the "smoked" salmon. To me, I didn't feel like that salmon was really smoked at the same time there was no taste in it (maybe because I didn't add the extra flavors to the salmon?)However, even these reasons are some of the reasons why this restaurant turn me off off..others can see why this restaurant is good. One thing I did notice is that all their food is really healthy. Their dishes didn't have that much oil, their most unhealthy dish is probably the brisket because of the fat. That, to me could probably make their prices a little more, but still I don't still quite believe it would be that much.Anyways, for me I rather go eat a vietnamese brunch on a Sunday spending a lot less for more variety and at the same time the healthy option is there for me to choose. Overall, I had a positive experience, but sadly this restaurant isn't quite my scene and brunch wise wasn't so great.
5	Simply Amazing.I wish Charlotte had more restaurants like this. Loungy/romantic, excellent service, and everything on the menu sounded and what I tasted was deli sh! I tried appetizers from friends and it was all tasty and fresh. Personally, I choose the fall off the bone lamb in rosemary honey & pan seared halloumi with fig and port sauce. I will definitely return!Don't be fooled that its in a ghetto shopping center ;)
4	Tucked in a sketchy strip mall (anchored by a Family Dollar, so that should tell you something) is a gem of a restaurant called Bistro La Bon. Blink and you'll miss it, no joke. But foodies in the CLT know a terrific restaurant, and an even better Sunday brunch, no matter where the eatery may be.I like the cozy, intimate decor. Plenty of Persian-style rugs line the hardwoods, and the lighting and atmosphere lends itself to conversation and laughs. It's a terrific place to bring a date or a group of friends and family for a great meal.The Sunday brunch is Bistro La Bon's raison d'etre. Keep in mind the buffet is rather small, so if you're expecting a Golden Corral-sized DIY helpings, you'll be slightly disappointed.I love that your buffet serving also comes with complimentary scrambled eggs, chocolate waffles, thick-cut bacon AND buttery french toast. For real. And, yes, they are complimentary. They say such nice things about me...(*groan*)One thing to watch out for: if you love your Bloody Marys drowned in Tabasco, then you'll love 'em here. Me, I like 'em not so spicy. I struggled mightily trying to finish mine, but I simply threw in the towel. No shame in admitting I don't have enough hair on my chest to finish this spicy bastard. So I opted instead for a Mimosa. Yeah, whatever. Don't you judge me.So for what it's worth, BLB is fast becoming one of my go-to spots for Sunday brunch. In fact, I may need to drag the missus and the wee wonder this Sunday...
1	Nice decor but that's it. My first (and only) visit was the Sunday brunch. We were greeted by 2 hostesses having an ugly disagreement. Three of us were expected to share one piece of paper that said "bacon and eggs" at the top and the rest of the page was beverages.My water glass was dirty and when the waiter finally came he said we could order from the kitchen (order WHAT?) or enjoy the buffet. No other papers or menus were provided and when we asked what was on the buffet he told us we had to go back outside to read the list on the door because they don't bother to print the contents of the buffet since its SEASONAL and changes so much. I was only interested in the buffet contents right then, not Christmas, next week or even 2 hours later.A request for a menu of what could be ordered from the kitchen met with a sigh and a very quick verbal description of 4 or 5 things. If you're into guessing what the goop on the buffet is, having to weave through a stream of buffet-goers back outside past the snitty hostesses to read todays "seasonal" buffet list off the door, or having to write a list of what can be ordered from the kitchen on your napkin so you can decide, go on and get you some. We left without tasting a thing. I'll never go back.
4	first time at bistro la bon. food was good. with one exception... i ordered the french toast and one side was almost burnt, with the other soggy and not cooked. other than that everything was actually fantastic. i thoroughly enjoyed the meatballs, kielbasa and cabbage was fantastic as well. and you cant be cheap brunch drinks as well.
5	Last night I had one of the best meals of my life. I found out that Bistro La Bon,  a restaurant I've been wanting to try forever, has a 10 course tasting every Thursday. For $35pp you get 10 amazing courses, bigger portions than I thought too. The chef is so creative and I think this is his play time. He puts together ingredients you wouldn't think to but they turn out amazing.I know the first two and last two plates, but I'm a little uncertain on the order in between.1. Watermelon gazpacho that was unexpectedly (and delightfully) a little spicy2. Fresh buffalo mozzarella with heirloom tomatoes, micro basil, and 12 yr balsamic3. Goat cheese stuffed peppadew peppers with carmalized onions and a ginger honey sauce - this was a favorite4. Seared scallop over mashed potatoes with demi glaze- dining partner said scallop was perfectly cooked.5. Crispy avocado and asparagus with sweet chili sauce- another favorite6. Salmon- don't remember much about it, I don't like seafood7. Sweedish meatball and potatoes with ligonberry8. Some kind of cream cheese whipped cream with ouzi? fruit- really good and very different9. The most amazing cheese plate with a brie type cheese and apricot marmalade that went perfect together10. Chocolate flourless cake with mango sorbetThe food was just to die for, but also the anticipation of what was coming next was really exciting. I can't wait to go back. It's different every week.
4	Went to the free wine tasting at Bistro La Bon last night. Excellent selection of wines on the tasting and on the wine list. A very comfortable atmosphere. Tasting was held on couches nestled near the front door. We ordered a charcuterie plate and it was excellent but it was overpriced for the amount of food on it. There was no cheese or bread served with it. A huge white platter held the miniscule amount of meat.  As we say in  advertising, good use of white space. They need to beef up the amount of food on their platters or get smaller platters. Service there was excellent. A few tweaks and they'd get a 5 star rating from me.
5	Bistro La Bon is absolutely fantastic!  Especially if you are looking for a restaurant with the perfect ambiance, friendly staff, and food that will leave you wanting more after each bite.  My husband and I went to Bistro La Bon for our third wedding anniversary this past Wednesday and left with a mutual feeling...it is the best culinary and dining experience we have had in Charlotte!We wanted to enjoy a relaxed yet romantic dinner so we chose to make reservations for the ten bite tasting, which only costs $35 per person. Each meal was uniquely different from one another, and we were always so curious as to what Chef Majid was going to surprise us with next.  To make the night even more special, my husband and I were the only ones participating in the tasting, this just so happened by chance.  The bartender actually wrote down our likes and dislikes to have the chef tailor the tastings to our liking.  While it was fabulous to have this attention, it saddened us that more people were not there to experience such amazing and unique food.  Definitely do not miss out on this restaurant!  What made the food so delicious is that it tasted as though each and every meal was made from scratch and that all the ingredients were fresh and complimented each other.  I don't want to give away all the chef's secrets but these were just a few of our favorite samplings: the goat cheese stuffed peppadew peppers with honey ginger glaze and carmelized onion and the brioche bread pudding is out of this world.I think my husband and I will be making this our go-to restaurant in the Charlotte area.And don't forget to try out the brunch - just as impressive as the tasting!
5	for months i'd drive by bistro la bon, en route to zada janes , when i finally had had enough of the same old dish and decided to try bistro la bon. Thankfully, they had just started offering a saturday brunch. Of all the breakfast's ive had around the world in many fine, exclusive restaurants, that the majority of you readers will never have the opportunity  to enjoy, I would easily put bistro la bon in the top 5 breakfast's of my life. The smoked salmon omelette i had was cooked perfectly, had the texture of a cloud, and was complemented by delicious little mini-rosti's. just heaven. service was great and the space/atmosphere is awesome. i literally sat there marveling at how great it was, chew by chew.I look forward to returning for dinner some other time. i also heard that sunday brunch is dope as sh*t there too.
3	I had noticed this cute place in an odd location for a while but held off until the buzz subsided. Based on some friends' experiences and the name, I had high hopes for Bistro La Bon. I mean I love French, and I love Simon La Bon, so come on - a match made in heaven! It was made for me. However, I visited twice and we were underwhelmed. First was a very uninspiring food experience.  The next was decent food but an apathetic service experience. Le sigh.  We started with their equivalent of caprese with buffalo mozzarella which oddly tasted more like bleu cheese than mozz. I left it for him to eat. Then we had the tempura fried avocado and asparagus which was actually quite good with the sweet chili sauce (would be plain without). The gap between ordering and getting our food took so long (65 minutes) that we were starving and noticed that other tables had bread, but apparently you have to ask for it from the server explicitly.  We seemed to get more attention from neighboring table's server instead.  The scallops with deconstructed seafood chowder was good but not filling, so this is good "chick meal."  The fish I had was quite tasty, although a little well done.  A previous fish I had once before at lunch was much less flavorful than this one.Bottom line: We might go back to try the Sunday brunch, but it's overrated for lunch and dinner.
4	Wifi pass is the phone number.7044889431Lighter than Mimi's Cafe and way more specialized. Expect to pay the same amount but food is good.
5	First off, wanted to say that this review is based upon their brunch, which is delicious!If you are hungry, this is the spot.  The hot bar is mostly lunch items.  There is a random array of kielbasa, salads, potatoes, cheese grits etc....There are a ton of muffins and breads.  They do cook to order breakfast food which has options of eggs and bacon, french toast and waffles.On to what I love....the cook to order french toast and waffles!  The waffles has a fresh whipped cream that is decadant.  The french toast is flavorful and moist.  But what i love the most....the MACAROONS!  I have been known to grab a few on the way out!  Tacky, I know, but I can't get enough!If you are a drinker, $2 mimosas are tempting!  The brunch is $18 per person.  If you are hungry and are interested in a an all-you-can eat brunch in Plaza Midwood, this is the spot!
4	Can't believe it's taken me this long to check out Bistro La Bon for brunch. I remember see this place come to the odd strip mall and thought it would never amount to nothing. I am pleasantly and utterly incorrect. Bistro La Bon is a culinary force to be reckoned with and has earned every bit of my palate's attention. First of all, these guys are making their own bread every day. For everything. making baguettes and brioche isn't easy to do when you have a shining menu to go along with it. It's labor intensive and has to be done right. Happy to say these guys deliver hand over fist with flavor. Love the decor, too. It's not to stuffy like some other French restaurants. It's small-ish, but the bar can seat quite a few people. Also, the waiting area is ridiculously comfortable. Try not to fall asleep here on a Sunday afternoon. Or do. Brunch is just amazing. Swedish meatballs, brisket, au gratin potatoes, salad, plenty of bread, chocolate waffles, eggs, bacon, and..... dun dun dun....the best freaking brioche french toast I've ever had in my entire life. This french toast is perfect. Simply perfect. Not overtly sweet. Just enough sweet/fermenty taste of brioche, modest amount of syrup, homemade whipped cream. It's grilled on the flat top with just the right amount of charred bits. Goodness. Save room for these as they can be ordered from your server. Get ready to eat a baker's dozen. The service is fantastic. Knowledgeable and friendly. All you need. For $18 a head, I have to say this rivals brunch from many other places in town. I've heard it can be hard to get a seat at peak brunching hours. We made it in at 130pm and didn't have a problem. I can't wait to go back.
4	Went there fairly late on Saturday without a reservation and was able to get table for two in the back.Nice wine list...Date had the Swedish meatballs and they were too die for...I had the duck - skin could have been crispier and the breast meat was a bit chewy but the sauce and pureed turnips made it worthwhile.Breadpudding for dessert and we were on cloud nine...Waiter was a bit aloof but the server who brought out our appetizer was considerate and explained everything on the charcuterie plate with wit and detail. Space is very open and very loud - would be nice if they could put in some sound dampening but we have a great time.
5	Overall, this is the best food I've had in Charlotte, which I know doesn't say much, but it's also some of the best food I've ever had, anywhere. Atmosphere: This place has an ever so slightly upscale appearance, but down to earth enough that you feel comfortable dressed down. Very open and airy. Classy enough for an anniversary date, comfortable enough for a casual dinner with friends. Service: We've had excellent service here. Slightly pushy with suggesting things, which is fine, just not my favorite style of service. Being vegetarian it's always a drag to hear the waitress rave on and on and suggest we try some braised venison or the pork chops that fall off the bone. Perhaps ask of any dietary restrictions before rambling on about something that sounds disgusting or is off limits to a patron.Food: This is the thing about the food: The flavors are complex in a perfect way. It's how you'd expect gourmet food to taste. There are layers of flavor that you can't place, but that all work well together and create some sort of symphony in your mouth. And this applies to everything, even the little apple pastries that look like they'd be boring are a surprise of complex flavors. Give everything a try, you'll likely be surprised. I truly admire chefs who can accomplish this. Cost:It's expensive, no question. Brunch is $18/plate. It's not outrageous, especially considering the quality, but it's not something you're going to do every week or even every month. But it's absolutely worth it when you do.Celebrity most likely to enjoy eating here: Gordon Ramsey. I think it might be the only place in the world he wouldn't have a seizure over the quality of the food. Half hour to live and I have to get my last meal here: If you could just make bullets out of everything on the buffet and gun me down in the face, I'd die happy.
4	I was in Charlotte for business and we ended up here for a late dinner. The food was good and I enjoyed the atmosphere. The only thing that knocks it down a star is that we were seated in a table where one side was a bench along the wall and the other was chairs. It was comfortable however the tables were extremely close together - making it uncomfortable to get out and you were also part of your neighbors' conversations. Interesting.
5	This is my favorite place to take out of town guests for brunch. They have a great buffet with lunch type items, pastries, salads, tarts, scones, etc. but the table also gets an endless supply of eggs, bacon, chocolate waffles and a delicious brioche french toast. You have to wait till noon to order drinks on Sunday, so if you want to drink make sure you don't arrive till after 11:30am so you have time sit, order and then get your drink.
5	Went back to Bistro La Bon today with my girlfriend, and it was somehow as wonderful this time around as the last. We started with the pastry platter, which was incredible! Unfortunately we missed out on the Macaroons, as they hadn't been baked yet - but everything on the platter more than compensated for that. Both of our dishes were great! Cooked perfectly, presented well, and most importantly delicious. Our waitress was prompt, funny, polite, and helpful. This is the best location for brunch in Charlotte, hands down.
5	Super service. The food was excellent, you must try the Swedish meatballs. I really enjoyed Mike and Fletcher, a wealth of knowledge. This is a must stop in Plaza Midwood.
5	OMG! What an experience! Went for restaurant week and was blown away!! Have been thinking about the steak I had last night all day! It was pure perfection. Can't wait to go back!
5	We've been wow'd by a few restaurants, especially during Restaurant Week/ Queens Feast. Yet none have offered a meal such as Bistro La Bon. We chose it because the menu was very tempting, and we were pleased to find that the food did live up to the expectations. Wait, scratch that...it exceeded expectation!!! Bistro La Bon may not be in the nicest area, and the atmosphere is not the best, but the food itself makes up for all that a cajillion times over.Bistro La Bon is located in a run down strip mall area, across the street from Lunchbox Records and next to Family Dollar. The strip mall looks very rundown and is definitely not appealing, but the little restaurant on the corner of the strip mall makes the trip worth it. Bistro's dining area is pretty large, yet the tables are crammed together too close for my own personal comfort. I was not liking the fact that the server's posterior was right in my face when taking orders or delivering food to the table next to us. The close quarters also made the restaurant a bit too loud and I had difficulty hearing the miss' as she talked across from me at times. But enough about the mediocre ambiance...on to the food!!!They had a decent wine selection but I felt the prices per glass were a bit much. Most of the wines ranged between $8-10, with the majority being $9...that's a bit much for a glass of Reisling. We ordered from the Restaurant Week menu, which came with four courses. For the first course I had the Roasted Beet and Apple Salad and loved it. It was small and simple, and perfect as a first course. The beets and apples were chilled and tasted quite fresh. They were served on a bed of mixed greens, and the passion fruit dressing that accompanied it was fantastic. The miss' had the Arugula Salad that came with pear, bleu cheese and walnuts. The walnuts were candied and that sticky sweetness was great when combined with the other salad flavors. For the second course I had the calamari, which was NOT fried and was stuffed with shrimp and currants. The calamari was so delicate, it was almost like eating pasta. The shrimp were fresh and they kicked it up by topping the calamari with a diavlo-type sauce, and dumped it all on top of a crispy slice of bread. It soaked up all that sauce and seafood flavor and it was great. I really enjoyed that spicy sauce! The miss' ordered the Prince Edward Island Mussels, and she devoured them. They were a really good-size portion, and the mussels all sat atop a bowl of this rich, creamy sauce. The mussels were cooked perfectly, and there was not a speck of sand to be found. I even enjoyed the mussels, and I'm generally not a shellfish fan. After finishing off the mussels she took the two pieces of bread that came with it and used them to sop up as much of that creamy sauce as possible. It was a really, really good dish.For the third (and main) course I went with the special of the day, which was rack of lamb. Though the chef recommended it medium I went over his head and ordered it medium rare, and it came out wonderfully. The lamb was cooked perfectly and wasn't too gamey. It came with a bed of chive mashed potatoes which were the bees knees, and I even enjoyed the freaking spinach, something I usually avoid at all costs. The big surprise on the dish was this lone slice of poached (I think), spiced pear that knocked my socks off. I didn't expect this piece of fruit on my dish, and I definitely didn't expect it to be so amazing. The miss' ordered the Wild Fresh Catch, which happened to be some North Carolina Triggerfish. The fish was quite tasty and wasn't too overly fishy. It was roasted to perfection and served with some fingerling potatoes that were also great. Then came dessert, and this is what really sealed the deal for me. Since moving down here I've become addicted to bread pudding, and will almost always order it if we happen to get dessert with our meal, so of course I ordered the Bourbon Brioche Bread Pudding. This bread pudding was a huge chuck of bread that had a nice, firm consistency. The top of the bread pudding was burned so it got this wonderful crunchiness, and it was served with a scoop of homemade vanilla ice cream (truly decadent and rich) and this crazy good burned caramel sauce. All in all, this is my official Favorite Dessert in Charlotte!!! This miss' had the Flourless Chocolate Truffle Cake, and if you are a chocoholic this is the dessert for you. Since it didn't have the flour it's pretty much like eating a giant truffle. The chocolatey taste blew me away and the richness was almost too powerful. The chocolate decadence is mellowed out a bit by the scoop of mango sorbet. This place definitely knows dessert!Bistro La Bon is more than a normal restaurant. The chefs work magic back in the kitchen to produce such high-quality food, and every bite was tastetacular. We may not be willing to pay to go on a regular ol' day, but I think it's a safe bet that we will be back next Restaurant Week.
5	Absolutely the best Sunday brunch in town! We eat here at least twice a month and they always outdo themselves! Other restaurant owners & managers should check out the Bistro and learn something from these folks! This is how it's supposed to be done and they do it right and consistently.
5	Best brunch in town. Don't even waste your time and money anywhere else. We have only had dinner there once (sadly) because it was amazing! Start to finish, everything was well prepared and delicious. Top meals of of all time...worth every penny!
4	I went to Bistro la Bon last night with a group of 5 for a birthday dinner.  It was cold and rainy out so there were not many people in the restaurant at all.  The decor was beautiful but there was no music playing, the only thing I could hear was the air conditioner.  Our server never told us his name and he was rather odd and soft spoken making it difficult to understand him when he told us about the specials.  I started with the goat cheese peppadew dish and it was delicious.  Others in my group ordered the lavender chicken and pork belly dishes which everyone raved about.  I had one of the specials, the rack of lamb with finger potatoes, squash and kale.  Every dish we had was very good including the desserts.  We all shared the flourless chocolate cake, carrot cake and creme brulle.  The food was great here but the experience still left something to be desired, eating somewhere that was silent as the grave was awkward.
4	Dined this Friday night at 7 pm, not too crowded, by the time we left at 9 pm, the Bistro was buzzing. The restaurant area and the bar areas were crowded-good to see. The menu now features lots of creative small plates. We each started with salads; the lemon dill vinaigrette and the arugula with candied walnuts, blue cheese were very good. Small plates were lamb cops with a caraway crust with rosemary over polenta, the beef tenderloin over polenta was pounded thin. Both plates were very flavorful. We each had the chestnut cream soup-excellent (should have gotten a bowl). Finished up with the brioche bread pudding with vanilla ice cream-a decadent end to a very nice dinner.  Strawberry mojitos were done well. The only thing keeping me from a 5 star rating is the noise level, the stark walls bounce conversational sounds all over the place.  Difficult to hear, but good energy.
5	Best. Brunch. EVER. I could just leave my review at that.  It really was.  I am still dreaming about it, salivating even.  Bistro La Bon hands down has the best french toast I've ever had.  I have not been for dinner, but if the food for dinner is anything like the food for brunch, I know I won't be disappointed. Also, the restaurant has such a cool vibe and if you sit in the back, you have a beautiful view of downtown.  My one piece of advise, if you go for brunch try to make a reservation and ask for one of the tables with a view.
2	This was my first time going to this place and at first I was impressed with the ambiance of the restaurant. This place is a bit pricey and the portions are that of fine dining. If you want to spend money on a appetizer looking dish as an entree then this is your place, but I would not recommend this for vegetarians or to those who would not be impressed with a slab of cheese and five goat cheese stuffed baby peppers. In my opinion, I'd stick to the bar for drinks and get bar bites, unless you are a carnivore then this might be what you've been looking for...just bring enough money. I have heard amazing things about their brunch, but after this experience I'm not keen on coming back here.
5	I have lived in Charlotte for 6 months and have some trouble branching out. Bistro La Bon is definitely my go to place. It helps that I live just down the street and that the food is so delicious that I could eat it every day.Saturday Brunch...is soooo good. I have been to Saturday brunch twice and it seems to be the most underrated thing in the Queen City. It is not only delicious, but affordable!  (and the restaurant is not crowded at all). The three times I have been, there have only been about 3 or 4 tables occupied. Go there! The eggs benedict are excellent, the omelet is excellent, and the mimosas are only $3!!!! Definitely a must try, I haven't had a single thing on the Saturday brunch menu that I did not enjoy.Sunday Brunch...is also soooo good. I went with a group of friends on a rainy Sunday around 1pm. There was a 45 minute wait, and the hostess graciously let us put our name on the list, and leave and come back (I live just a hop, skip and a jump away, and my friend had just ran a half marathon). When we returned 45 minutes later, the place was still packed and we were seated promptly.If you are going to go here for Sunday Brunch, come hungry! It is an $18 all you can eat situation (an appropriately titled smorgasbord if you will), and we definitely took full advantage. Everything was delicious, and there is a wide variety to choose from (swedish meatballs, smoked salmon, key lime tarts, salads, grits, potatoes, fresh fruit...yum). Plus, there is french toast, bacon and eggs, and chocolate waffles that your waiter brings to your table family style. AND $3 MIMOSAS! woop. We stayed for 3 hours, and then I promptly went into a food coma when I got home.DinnerI have also been to Bistro La Bon for date night when T was in town. It was a snowy Saturday evening, and we headed out a bit later, and there was not wait (the restaurant was busy though). I can't remember what we got as our starters, but I remember it was delicious. Then, there was a slight delay with our main courses, and the kitchen/our server was kind enough to send out a complimentary appetizer, the trio of dips (hummus, eggplant pesto and tapenade). So good, I and I loved the leftovers the next day. For our main, I had the mussels (it is an appetizer but the portion is HUGE) and it was great. I could have drank the sauce, but the bread it came with had to suffice. T had pork, and he totally enjoyed it. As a treat, I ordered the panna cotta for dessert (I was already stuffed but had to had it) and the proceeded to eat the whole thing. Another food coma ensued.Can't wait to go back to take advantage of their monday night prix fix dinners and to enjoy some food on their patio in the nice weather. Don't let the Family Dollar lot fool you, this place is the best.
5	I travel with my job, and am always looking for a special restaurant where my team and I can unwind with a glass of wine and some great food after a day of flight travel.   Three of us were quite impressed with Bistro la Bon! The arugula pear salad was perfect, the scallops and tenderloin small plates exceptional. Top it off with attentive and perfectly non intrusive wait staff, and a lovely owner Elise who made our first time feel like we were longtime familiar patrons. Definitely recommend for atmosphere, service and excellent food. Cant wait to come back! also, this would be the perfect date night restaurant.
5	Location does not do justice to the outstanding food and service of Bistro La Bon. It's next to a Family Dollar and you would almost miss it if you didn't know the area.  But, rest assured once inside you will be rewarded with an eclectic menu and impeccable service.  My first visit was during Charlotte Restaurant Week and I can't wait to go back again.  By the way--the bread pudding is to die for!  Ready to try brunch.  This is a sleeper and shouldn't be missed if you are a foodie!
4	I'm not really a huge fan of breakfast, (I hate eggs, so that is about 80% of breakfast items crossed off my list) but I had heard a buzz about what a great brunch Bistro La Bon has on the weekend. I went with my mom this past Saturday, and after checking out some reviews on here I decided to order the french toast and a side of bacon. I normally am an english muffin, bagel type of girl and don't go for the sweet stuff but their french toast was great! The bread was a good combination of soft and crusty, the fruit was fresh (blueberries, strawberries, bananas) and the cream on top was just the right amount of sweetness. The bacon was crisp (just the way I like it). Oh and of course I had a Mimosa because again I was having breakfast with my mom (kidding, love you) which was great. I would suggest trying them out for Breakfast as well as one of the nights they pair various wines with some of their cuisines.
4	My husband and I went to Bistro Le Bon on Friday.  We were seated with no wait.  The decor is luxe and glamorous, more so than one would expect from a strip mall restaurant.  We ordered four tapas plates.  The first to arrive was crispy asparagus and avocado, encased in a fried spring roll which was light and not greasy.  It was accompanied by a sweet chili sauce.  Next, we were served a trio of dips:  plain hummus, smoked eggplant and olive hummus with crackers.  The plain hummus was very lemony in almost a sweet way, reminding me of lemon frosting.  The olive hummus had full-on olive favor and the smoked eggplant was nothing like I had ever tasted before, in a good way.  Next, my husband ate grilled octopus.  He raved about the sauce, but said the octopus did not have much flavor by itself.  Meanwhile, I enjoyed the fried cheese.  Wonderful!  After all, it was cheese!  Cozy ambiance, good service and excellent cuisine guarantee a return.
5	WOW! I cannot count the number of times we said WOW! Bistro La Bon is now my fav restaurant in Charlotte. I want to give it one star because I do want to be able to get a table here (selfish of me I know). Bistro La Bon is 5 stars in my opinion! They do not skimp on quality. The price is reasonable for the quality you get. We just got back from dinner there and I could not wait to get on my laptop to rate this place. The dinner menu offers options of small plates or dinner entree portion. For starters, we had the mussels. The sauce was awesome, full of fresh herbs. We kept the dish almost throughout dinner so we could soak up the sauce with the complimentary crusty bread (which was excellent btw). My son had the seared scallops (5 pcs) entree portion $20. They sat in a bed of herb mash potatoes and demi-glace. I had the grilled octopus with grilled onion for my appetizer. Excellent! My husband ordered the chilled calamari. Full of fresh herbs and capers with a tang of spice. WOW! I had their dinner special of roasted rib eye. I couldn't decide between the special or their duck breast. We waited till we started on the appetizer before ordering the dinner. My son's scallops helped me pick the roasted rib eye because of the demi-glace. My husband had the lavender chicken. Another wowser! The waitress informed us of the half-priced bottle of wine for the evening. We chose an Argentina Cab. Wow! Almost didn't get dessert because we were so full but couldn't resist because the food was so good that we were curious about the dessert. We chose the flourless chocolate truffle cake with mango sorbet. My son had brioche bourbon bread pudding with vanilla ice cream. Homemade desserts, of course! WOW, twice! We are such foodies and so hard to please....Bistro La Bon is now my favorite restaurant in Charlotte. Not close to us but we will make the trip....so worth it! Go there! Just don't tell too many peeps so I could get a table :)
3	I finally got a chance to check our Bistro La Bon for Sunday Brunch today.  I had heard from several friends that it was great but had I gone into the restaurant completely ignorant of things I think I would have been a little confused.  Sunday Brunch is a buffet of a lot of items that I wouldn't really consider breakfast or brunch type food - meatballs, roast beef, roasted veggies, kielbasa, potatoes au gratin. All of these were pretty delicious but I was kind of sad not to see more breakfast oriented items.  That being said, there were several pastries and some grits available in the buffet.I think the wait staff assumes you know whats going on when you come in but they do explain that eggs, bacon, French toast, and waffles can be delivered to the table.  I believe these servings were meant for more than one person but 3 scrambled eggs and 4 strips of bacon isn't exactly a sharing amount.  Nor is one quarter of a waffle or one slice of French toast.  Of course you can always order more.I think the price probably ought to be explained up-front, its 20 dollars.  Maybe they could hand out a little information for you while you wait.  I'm not sure, I just wasn't exactly blown away by everything and I thought the buffet items were pretty weird.  I'd be interested to try Saturday Brunch as I understand its more breakfast food oriented.
4	Went for Sunday Brunch.  I went around 11 am which meant I got a table pretty easily, but also meant unless I could hang around for an hour that I wouldn't be drinking.  Oh well.  I'm not a mimosa person anyway.Buffet is $20 for adults and they handle eggs and bacon to-order instead of at the buffet.  Smart move and much better than Heist's so soggy it's still oinking bacon.  The buffet line covers all the corners and has great fruit.  There wasn't anything to push me over the edge to become a regular here, but for out-of-towners and special events I think Bistro La Bon is classier than Heist and other brunch buffets, but I haven't been to Upstream yet.
4	i had the pleasure of going to bistro la bon with someone who is buddies with the chef, and got to do a tasting menu. we got to try about 80% of the menu, served as small(er) plates.it would be too tedious to go through every course, but i give bistro la bon 4 stars with no reservations. great wine menu, too.
2	I like a good brunch, and Bistro La Bon is just decent.  As other Yelpers said, the brunch buffet has items that you wouldn't imagine would really work for brunch.  The buffet included meats, veggies, fruits, cabbage and I'm just more of an eggs and bacon kind of girl.  20 bucks a pop for brunch is a little steep for me, plus the cost of coffee.  For two of us, it was over $50.  Glad I tried it, but probably won't be back for brunch.  Perhaps dinner would be better here.
4	Quite the revelation. Especially if you remember the shopping center from the 80s and 90s. The Family Dollar a few doors down recalls the down market past, and even the Thomas Ave. funk of recent vintage is stepped up several notches with BLB's take on fine dining in the Plaza/Midwood corridor.The space itself is surprisingly open, airy, and woody and makes good use of its corner location. The vibe is absolutely more upscale than neighbors like Dish, but not stuffy. That is plus for dinner service -- if it can find a sustainable market.Both the wine and beer selections seemed well informed, a nice, caring touch. Apps skew toward a Mediterranean palate, but creatively so. Hence a Pan Seared Halloumi (cheese made from a mixture of goat and sheep milk) that won big fans and the duh, no-brainer in retrospect pairing of avocado & asparagus in a crunchy almost egg-roll deal. Strong flavors that stopped stop of overpowering.Entrees show an inflection point. The Swedish meatballs are huge faves and stretch from the popular Sunday brunch to the dinner menu. Fine. But the specials struck me as particularly creative and well-executed. A cumin and caraway encrusted rack of lamb on a bed of pearl couscous and peas managed to be both rich and very light. And halibut catch of the day was a tremendous example of seafood prepared simply -- without gobs of butter or cheap wine trying to mask the flavor. Or salt. Had to have been one the most lightly salted prepared meals I've had in a long time. Wonderful.The inflection comes with the price -- $26 for the lamb, $29 for the halibut. Totally and completely worth it for any remotely serious diner. But also pushing the tab to a $50 per person price point that I am not entirely certain the corridor can support (although it should.) Interesting, our server mentioned that they were moving to more of a tapas-style small plate approach -- which is usually a sign that owners are afraid they are pricing themselves out of a market and hope to make up the difference on alcohol. (Must note that across the parking lot neighbor Soul Gastrolounge does do a big biz on the tapas/small plate/sushi tip.)Aping that approach would be a shame as BLBs top tier fine dining entrees really do set BLB apart from anything in East Charlotte.
5	I've been wanting to go here forever and finally made it.  I enjoyed the environment and the farmers market veggies were superb.  What warranted 5 stars though was the customer service.  The staff was super attentive and you could tell they were passionate about food and your experience.  Ill be back!
4	Third time I've been here. The food, wine, atmosphere, and service are good. I particularly like their brunch and their french toast. I wish value was a higher priority. Last night's dinner cost more than I thought it should have for what we got. A happier medium needs to be achieved with, especially, the tapas dishes. Example: The "Seared Sea Scallops" dish came with, count 'em, one (1) scallop. I think they need to remove the S from the menu title!
4	Having come here twice now I'm officially a fan.  Both times visiting my girlfriend and I have only eaten on the large couches up front so I can't speak to specifics of the formal dining area however I would recommend any small party of 2 to 4 eat up in the front or bar area.  From outside looking into the formal dining area I think the bar or front lounge is just more relaxing and entertaining of an environment to dine.The food here is just superb.  The meat and cheeses and all the small plates are divine.  The peppadew (sp) is probably my favorite.  It has just the right amount of heat and spice and is surprisingly filling.  The wine specifically is affordable which is nice if you're not trying to break the bank on dinner.  The staff is very polite and always attentive.
3	I'm guessing by the reviews left previously for this bistro that Charlotte doesn't have much of a dining scene, as I was not overly impressed by La Bon.I should say upfront that we went for the Sunday brunch, which is *only* all-you-can-eat buffet for $20. Guess we should have done our research as a) neither of us was $20 hungry and b) the buffet was very limited with just a few items (meatballs, mac and cheese, kielbasa, pastries). Definitely not a $20 buffet. And on top of that, the coffee and orange juice were extra ($4 each). So we each paid $24 for a drink and a piece of French toast.That's not to say I wouldn't go back on a Saturday when you can order a la carte (which is what they should also offer on Sunday) but I would not recommend the Sunday brunch as it's just mediocre for a kind-of-high-price-tag.
3	For me, this place is more function over form.  Wait staff is ifey, food is overly complex which results in a muddled taste.  Better restaurants in the immediate area, so for me - it is a pass..
4	So, a friend calls me up on a Saturday night and asks if I want to go to brunch at Bistro La Bon.  Being the picky eater that I am I had to check out the menu first before I could commit.  The menu looked doable so I told her sure.  The next day I'm driving to the restaurant and my GPS leads me into a strip mall and I said this can't be right.  With a name like Bistro La Bon I'm expecting valet parking and some ritzy, exclusive location.  I pull into a parking spot to check the address again and realize that I am where I am supposed to be.  I look up and see that the restaurant is at the end of the strip mall by the Family Dollar.  Obviously, I'm thinking where in the heck has my friend brought me.  I walked inside and was pleasantly surprised.  The decor was warm and inviting and the place was packed.  My friend and I were lead to our table and our server explains that we can get food from the buffet as well as order food from the kitchen.  I went to the buffet and ended up with a plate of 4 or 5 grapes and 2 pieces of pineapple.  I had no idea what the other stuff was and I wasn't about to find out.  So, I ordered some eggs, bacon and brioche french toast from the kitchen.  Thank goodness the french toast was included in the buffet price because I got not 1, not 2, but 3 orders.  I'm not the type of person that over eats but I simply couldn't stop.  If I hadn't of felt my pants tightening around my stomach I probably would've gotten another order.  To sum my experience up, the buffet was a little pricey at $20 not including any drinks but the service was great and that french toast is palette blowing.  I will definitely be going back and next time I'll be wearing a dress or sweat pants.
4	Saturday night at 7:30 pm; started to get crowded around 8 pm.  Food was excellent: grilled Haloumi, garden salad to start. A scallop entree and their famous Swedish meatballs were delicious. Capped off with the decadent Bourbon bread pudding; what's not to like. Liked our server Michael; pleasant and friendly.Just wish it was closer to home-40 minute drive, but still worth it.
4	They have a great brunch on Sundays. They offer a buffet and you can order small plates ( which are included in the price). The food is very tasty. It's hard to make buffet food taste flavorful and interesting, but they have found a way. From the outside, the place isn't much to look at. It's in an old shopping strip. However, the inside is cute and trendy.
2	Once again, a place with great yelp reviews doesn't live up to the hype. I recently moved from Philadelphia, a city with great brunch spots, and  figured I would give bistro la Bon a try since it has such great reviews. I got the shrimp and grits. Hmm... Underwhelmed. This is the first time I've ever been served runny shrimp and grits, and I've had the dish in several places. I could probably whip up better shrimp and grits in my kitchen. Guess I will keep on looking for a good brunch place because this wasn't it.
5	Love Bistro's Sunday brunch.
5	Good heavens I love this place!!  It has replaced all others as my TOP Charlotte restaurant.Love the location right near Uptown - and very easy to find parking.  There is a nice outdoor patio with awesome wood furniture and fun swings (I don't think they function as swings - more as benches...)  The interior is beautiful with a gorgeous sweeping bar and bar area in front.  We try to get the couches in the front to eat our dinner.  If you are feeling more formal though go ahead and sit in the back with the nicer tables and chairs.The food here is DIVINE!!  The pepperdew app is my fav - so simple and delicious.  The gnocchi is another favorite, such a simple and tasty dish.  We have had just about everything on the menu.  Prices are very reasonable and the service is always stellar.  Can't wait to be back!!
1	A friend and I drove from the University area to have brunch at Bistro La Bon after reading so many wonderful reviews and the fact that I am an extreme foodie and love to try new places! We get here and check-in with the hostess and was told that they are not accepting anymore patrons due to an issue with the dishwasher (WTF!!!!) mind you, our drive was close to 30mins, & we had not eaten anything prior to arriving. I asked to speak to the manager to get some type of sympathy, apology, compensation for the inconvenience that was out of our & ofcourse their control! I was told that the manager was very busy trying to attend to the current dishwasher situation & could not speak with me. So, there we were standing outside the restaurant trying to figure out what we would do next. Along comes our saviour, one of the waitresses suggested that we try Soul Gastrolounge, so we did...
4	Very good place, tapas style.  Bread pudding was amazing
2	This review is specific to BRUNCH ONLY. I went on Sunday for brunch with a friend and sat outside. First, I'd say...sit indoors, the street noise was awful. We had to pause conversation everytime a loud truck or motorcycle passed. The service was terrible. We had to ask for EVERYTHING....from Coffee (and refills) to Salt and Pepper. The only brunch choice was the buffet which offered the strangest choices: it was the first time I'd seen Swedish Meatballs as part of a brunch lineup. Additionally, there were NO egg choices on the line, although you could order scrambled eggs and bacon (no other egg varieties) as well as Chocolate Waffles and Brioche French toast from your server (included in the brunch price). On the line they had house-smoked salmon, but no bagels and creamcheese to go with it (but they did have the capers, boiled egg, and tomato). The baked goods had some "brunchy" choices, but aside from the fruit and grits on the line, the entire line was an odd assortment of lunch options, none of which impressed me...the mac and cheese was bland and the build your own salad was lacking in choices. Overall, I'd skip Bistro La Bon for brunch. There are much better options in Charlotte. I will give it a second try, but for dinner next time.
3	Service:  2 starsFood:  4 starsSo I averaged it out to a 3.  It's a shame.  It really takes some effort to get the service wrong at a buffet, but they managed to do it.  The set up is really strange.  They have a brunch buffet on the weekends, and 90% of the food is out and self service, but the good stuff they bring to your table.  French toast, waffles, eggs, bacon are all brought to the table and served family style....however the portions are ridiculously small.  For a table of six we got three corners (1/4 of a full waffle!).  What the heck?   Ditto with the plate of bacon and eggs.  For a table of six we were given three slices of french toast.   This is not huge toast either, picture texas toast size slices.And here's where the service part comes in.  Getting refills of anything be it food, or drinks is a nightmare.  NIGHTMARE!!Bistro La Bon is attempting to be trendy, pretentious with the set up - or maybe they are just being cheap, but for $20 a pop I really don't want to have to hunt down my waiter for a 2nd slice of bacon.It's a shame, the food is quite tasty.  In fact of all of the items, there were two that were not my cup of tea- the potato gratin was tasteless and the chocolate waffle.  The waffle was just too chocolate-y for me.
2	I kept seeing pictures pop up on Facebook with this place listed and had been wanting to check it out. Finally on Sunday I was able to make it over there with friends in town that I havent seen in almost a year. we got there and I immediatly loved the atmosphere. Cozy and it smelled of Sunday brunch. We sat in the back corner and we were greeted shortly after by a nice waiter. He informed us that the $20 buffet was all that they served on Sunday's. A little pricey as I was just wanting eggs and bacon but whatever. I will try it out. we got there after church at 1:30 so there was a descent crowd. The food was amzing. I was most impressed with the french toast even though I dont love sweets, it was amazing. Now keep in mind this was our first time there and I hadn't seen the people I was with in a year and we had a lot to catch up on. I had my back to the resturant but I noticed the resturant had cleared out for the most part and after paying our bill (over $20 per person) our waiter seemed to disappear, which was fine with us. We continued to talk. Long story short it was like 4:15 and they were vaccuming and we just assumed they were getting ready for the dinner crowd. Next thing we know the music gets cranked up so loud we couldnt hear each other. And it was AWFUL metal music.  We took this as our que to leave. Our waiter NEVER game back. Never came back at all. We got outside to where we could hear and were very shocked to read that they closed at 2:30. we had NO idea. I cant believe that not 1 server would come over and inform us. The waiter even asked us at the beginning of the meal if we had been there before and we said no. I find it very rude that they opted to blast us out as opposed to just informing us that they were closing. RUDE! Plain and simple. I will probably go back but from someone who spends a LOT of times in restaurants and BLOGS about it and shares information on Facebook/Twitter.....I would suggest next time you simply inform first time guests that you close early. Esp after spending $20+ per person. Just a suggestion.
3	I guess it is a 3-star kind of day for me!  I am not going to write a full review because I think to really LOVE this place you have to visit the Sunday Brunch.  I was under the impression the Sunday buffet was also on Saturday so we came here for brunch this past Saturday and were a little disappointed.The menu was very limited for one thing and nothing stood out as being unique or exciting.  I tried the veggie sandwich that was to be served on cranberry walnut bread with some type of fancy cheese, tomatoes, lettuce, red peppers, onion marmalade and avocado.  Sounds good right?  Well it was good or would have been good but when it came out I was a little confused because it was an open-face sandwich piled high and impossible to eat.  You couldn't pick it up because it was too heavy and sloppy and to use a fork would have been defeating the purpose of having a sandwich--plus cutting into a thick piece of walnut bread wasn't exactly easy.  PLUS--I still couldn't get a taste of everything in one bite regardless.  It was just a mess.  It had great potential but poor execution.My dining partner ordered the french toast and that is exactly what it was---a piece of french toast.  One piece.  On a high note it did have fresh fruit on top!  However, the syrup was dispersed for you (not offered at the table) and after about 3 bites it vanished.  It was likely a piece of texas toast battered and plated.  Why?  Service was lovely, atmosphere is sexy, quality of food is decent but not satisfying in my opinion.  I would love to come back for the Sunday buffet and I will do that and update this review at that time!Until then....don't go there for brunch on a Saturday---go right on down the street to zada janes and get MORE bang for your buck!!!  Please and thank you.
4	SUNDAY BRUNCH BUFFETWhile there was nothing on this brunch menu that was the best, most interesting thing I've ever eaten, the food was solid and comforting and hit the spot.  Overall, I was entertained, and that's worth a good rating for me.  SALAD - I know, boring, right?  But the dressings were interesting and good.  I enjoyed the lemon dill vinaigrette.JALAPENO MAC AND CHEESE - nice!  Stayed creamy even on the buffet.  The jalapenos gave a bit of flavor.  ASIAGO GRITS - I couldn't taste any cheese, but the grits were perfectly cooked.POTATO GRATIN - I thought everything on the buffet needed a good amount of salt added, but that was easy enough for me to do myself.  The potatoes were what they were supposed to be.  Thin layers of potato in a creamy sauce.  Nothing earth shattering, but a nice staple.BREADS - They keep a cranberry walnut bread, mini cranberry scone and nice sliced french bread on the buffet. This offering could have been greatly enhanced by adding some butter and jam.  The french bread was good, but the scone was dry and hard and the cranberry walnut bread also tasted a bit dried out.  Again, butter would have covered these issues.PASTRIES - SO GOOD!!  The mini lemon tarts were fabulous.  Usually on tarts like that the dough is flavorless and often gets soggy, but this crust was perfectly sweet and crispy, and a nice foil to the tart lemon custard filling.  Coconut macaroons were crispy and sweet - absolutely what they should be.  Apple puff pastry was light and airy with a little crispiness to the flaky layers of dough and just enough filling to make it sweet and tasty.CHOCOLATE WAFFLE - not totally sure this is worth the hype.  The waffle itself was a bit soft and the chocolate flavor clearly comes from the chocolate syrup on top.  The syrup was rich and dark tasting, and did make the waffle nice.  But not nice enough for me to waste more than one bite on it.EGGS & BACON - The eggs were perfectly soft and scrambled, but the bacon was super limp and soggy.  Not ideal at all.FRENCH TOAST - I'm not usually a fan, but surprisingly I enjoyed this french toast.  Warning: it comes out completely soaked in syrup.  We had two orders on our table.  One order was perfect, the other tasted way too egg-y.  But the delicious one was worth 4-5 stars.MIMOSA - Strong and tasty and cheap!  $3SERVICE -  A little spotty (not available) at times, but waiter was nice and pleasant.  ATMOSPHERE -  I love the casual but pretty interior here.  The buffet was a little painful to get to, as there was only one way to walk and that involved trying not to hit other diners heads or chairs and avoiding road block with another diner/waiter.  $20 Sunday Brunch buffet.  A bit pricey for what you get, but I enjoyed it nonetheless.
3	I returned for the Sunday buffet. Much better food. I particularly enjoyed the smoked salmon. Chocolate waffles were just meh, and I'm a huge chocoholic. I might try them for dinner with the hubby sometime
4	Great tapas restaurant.  We went on New Year's eve and had a wonderful time. Great prices too!
3	Food is great. Service was mediocre. I usually still tip 20% at a buffet but this girl was phoning it in so hard that I was forced to leave 10%. I've been in for dinner and the service was better -- they're slow to get to your table but happy to help once they're there. The service at the bar is always good. I guess that's why there are always people eating at the bar. My recommendation is request a good server when making the reservation. Again, the food is great! Their bread pudding knocked my socks off and the Sunday brunch is definitely worth the $20.
5	Easily in my top 5 restaurants in Charlotte. The Mussels are to die for! I can always count on this place for being consistently awesome and is always the first restaurant i take any guests from out of town to impress them. As for brunch...don't even get me started. It's Heaven in a buffet.  You just can't lose with this place.
5	Me and my boyfriend went in for restaurant week and had a great time! Since there was a wait for a table we sat at the bar. I had a Flirtini which I enjoyed a lot and the mussles were simply amazing!! And thank you Brandon for being an awesome bartender!
4	We were all fired up for the Brunch buffet we kept hearing about....but when you go on Saturday, that is not in the cards.  After spending the first 5-10 mins demoralized and dejected, we mustered up the courage to look at the menu and order 'a la carte' items.Somehow they made eggs taste really really good (and you get a solid amount for $3.50).  The next highlight was the french toast.  It's probably overpriced, but it's really good. The eggs benedict with the potato cakes were quality as well.The pricing is slightly above average, but you can tell they work hard to make their food taste good.  I would definitely look to try them out for dinner at some point as well.
4	My latest visit to Bistro La Bon was on a Saturday night. I sat at the bar and because they were busy, it took a while to be acknowledged. But when I was, all was well. Another bartender soon showed up so service was fine after that.I ordered two small plates for my dinner. I LOVED the avocado and asparagus crisps. The outside was nice and crispy while leaving the avocado and asparagus inside done just right. My other plate was the lavender chicken. This dish is very rich - good but rich. I almost could not finish the normal sized breast portion. Be prepared for a pretty strong lavender flavor.Bistro La Bon continues to be one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte.
2	Like many of the patrons on here, I too, decided to visit this restaurant based on the high reviews.  A couple friends and I decided to stop in for Saturday brunch. They were not extremely busy but we had a longer than average wait time to be seated.  No one besides us were waiting to be seated.  The waitress, which was also the hostess, informed us that they were cleaning a table off for us.  After about 10 minutes we were seated at a table with hair on it.  I will say our server was very pleasant. After placing our order we had to wait another 15 minutes for the food to arrive.  I ordered the French toast which was delicious, however it was only one slice.  Needless to say I was still hungry. In addition 2 out of the 3 checks were miscalculated.  I was thoroughly disappointed and dont think I will be visiting there again.
4	Good value, great food.
1	Hostess was rude, wait staff was poorly trained and seemed overwhelmed, the bathroom was dirty, the food was mediocre and overpriced, the cocktails were watered-down... With so many great places to eat in Charlotte I can't believe this place is still in business.
4	What a treat. The four of us shared about ten tapas sized dishes along with a couple of wine varieties. Outstanding food, very good service, very good atmosphere. I would be a regular if i lived in Charlotte
5	Love this placeExcellent food.  Low key vibe. Sunday brunch is terrific
2	I cannot express how terrible the service was during brunch.  Our waiter completely ignored us, served all the tables around us even stopped to chat basketball with the teen next to us and flirt with the table of 30 something women next to us while our drinks were empty and we had plates piled on the table.  He brought refills and the off the buffet orders to everyone else, we never received our second off the buffet order, after over 30 minutes of waiting we gave up and asked for our check.  The dish staff brought us refills after passing our table a few times.  The food is great but we won't be going back.
5	I went with a friend to Bistro La Bon for the first time in Saturday night and LOVED it! We intended to go to Sole but the two-hour wait led us for a short walk to BLB. We got right in and sat in the bar and ordered a few small plates to split with a glass of wine. The lamb belly was absolutely amazing. It was the most tender and juicy lamb I've ever had. Also, the brie brulee was out of this world. The service was great and I absolutely recommend this restaurant and I will definitely be going back.
5	Unbelievable brunch!  Best I've had in Charlotte.   The blend of buffet and a large carte makes it so user friendly for the entire family.Also awesome dinners.   The way they do that duck gets me all ducked up!!!  That's a good thing!!
4	I tried this out based on a recommendation from a friend of mine and their brunch is awesome! I would recommend to anyone!
1	Epic Fail---a friend and I came here for the free buffet lunch they were advertising this week, and highly disappointed. We had to wait well over our quoted time ( no biggie, a lot of people were there for FREE) they let several parties go ahead if us that came in after us. Granted they were pretty packed, but there was about enough room for 20 seats on the patio and it was a beautiful day, so no reason not to use it. We asked the hostess if we could just go in for a drink while we wait, she said no. It was like Fort Knox trying to even go in. After over 1hr  (quoted 40 min) wait we finally got sat at the bar. The staff was rude, including the manager...he was fussing at the bartender in front if us, totally unprofessional. We asked if there was drink specials, and the response was "uh-no don't you think free lunch is special enough" Dirty glasses were set in the bar beside us and ignored for most if the time we sat there. The food was bad, lacked flavor and selection. A little salt and pepper makes a world of difference...that should be culinary 101. Most if the time we went up to the buffet it was empty.  They need to leave the shrimp and grits up to Charleston restaurants, it tasted like instant grits w/shrimp thrown in as an after though....I make better shrimp and grits. No way would I'd pay $10 for this. Either they weren't prepared for the crowd or they have no idea what good food taste like. Also, they were doing free lunch yesterday and several people behind us in line said they had come yesterday for the same... They got in faster than we did...didn't think that was right, they'd already taken advantage if the freebie. Would NOT recommend this place, there are too many other great restaurants close by to chose from...spend your money there. Thank goodness it was free and I didn't have to pay for such a disappointing experience. #lame
4	We went here for a date night and really enjoyed the food and drinks.  Will go back!
4	Great Brunches both on Saturday and Sunday.  The shrimp and grits were good but not spicy, and the Sunday buffet is filled with good options.  The service is always friendly and prompt, and I haven't ever needed to ask twice for anything.
4	Bistro La Bon is a great spot for date a date night. They keep their signature dishes on the menu while also adding seasonal dishes. We love the lavender chicken and whatever the catch of the day is. If you are lucky enough to go when the short ribs are on the menu, they are an absolute must. We were so sad when they left the menu. The servers are friendly and the atmosphere is great.
5	This is one of the best restaurants in Charlotte, hands down.
5	An update- we have been going to La Bon for years now. IT ONLY KEEPS GETTING BETTER. How is that possible? Friend them on FB- they always have events going on.The brunch is obviously a huge favorite. It overwhelms me. I won't lie- I'm not a big buffet person. I end up binging on EVERYTHING. I feel ill and guilty after it. These are my own issues. No one else seems to mind- it is always busy for brunch (THEY ALSO HAVE A SATURDAY BREAKFAST- hard to find). Apparently, there is a lunch buffet now. I might check that out after summer.Recommendation: just sit at the bar area. You don't need to go into the restaurant. The bar area is nice because you can laugh loudly without feeling like you are interrupting a date. They always have some sort of drink special. The small plates are really good- especially the asparagus. The bread pudding is delicious. Really, everything is good.I don't normally like to have dinners with more than 4 people (6 tops). This is one of the few restaurants that I have had a large dinner with successfully. That is a skill.I love that La Bon gives back to the community.
5	My boyfriend and I went to La Bon for the first time today for a Saturday brunch, admittedly expecting a long wait time.  However, when we arrived I was pleasantly surprised that we were seated immediately and they were not terribly busy.The brunch menu is a bit limited at first glance, but after reviewing all of the options, I found I couldn't decide. We consulted with our server Andrew, and he explained each dish we considered with great detail. We eventually decided on the Salmon Benedict (for myself) and the Steak and Eggs (for my boyfriend). We also both got two mimosas each ($3 per drink- what?!)The salmon is house cured, which you could definitely taste, and the bearnaise that came on both the Benny and the steak was incredible. I am not a red meat eater, but I had to taste the steak and let me tell you, it was perfectly cooked and juicy as all hell. Andrew told us that the beef they use is hormone free, grass fed, etc etc. We could surely taste the difference. Even the side of fresh fruit we had was a home run.Overall, La Bon was clean, cozy, just trendy enough without being pretentious and had amazing food. We were talking about the next time we would visit before we even left the restaurant. We will DEFINITELY be back!
1	We were told a one hour wait ... With no one in the waiting area. And the hostess was incredibly rude and unhelpful. Such a disappointment
4	good eats, good service.
5	Bistro la Bon is my all time favorite restaurant. The food is so good that it makes you cry from happiness...it happened to me :-)You need to try it, if you LOVE quality food.
4	Came here for brunch with my girlfriend this past Sunday. Neither one of us had ever been there before and we both enjoy the decor and thought the restraunt was odd and cute. Unknowingly, they only truly offer a brunch buffet with a few items out from the kitchen. Our server brought us these cute little "tasting plates" of the kitchen items and I thought that was pretty cool. We were both hungry and ate with our eyes so we piled our first plates up and sadly got full after that. The Bloody Mary was good, nice and spicy like I like it. A tad bit on the little size but it's $4 so you can't really complain. I'll have to come back the next time I'm hungover and get the true experience of brunch buffet.
5	I have actually not been to Bistro for dinner, but I am a very frequent visitor for the lunch buffet.  The buffet is 10 bucks! Plus you start out with the soup of the day, which is always amazing! I have never had a soup there I didn't enjoy.  The tomato bisque is to die for and the carrot soup is also a favorite of mine.Ten bucks for a lunch buffet with great food.  You can not beat that!
5	Amazing sunday brunch. First time I dined they had short ribs on the buffet and they were mouth watering delicious. Went back the next weekend just for them, however they rotate some of their buffet items. The food is very fresh, clean and high quality. Highly recommend!
5	I've been trying to get to Bistro La Bon for brunch since December. When Graham and I were going to bed Friday night it dawned on me that we had no plans for Saturday morning, so I decided that we needed to have brunch. I hopped on Open Table and made a reservation. The restaurant is over on a side of town that was always pretty shady when I was a kid. So it's very cool to see it being revitalized and filling up with excellent, local places.Graham and I started with cocktails. I had a $3 mimosa and he had a bloody mary. Their bloody mary bar is pretty awesome. You pick the vodka, and choose from a variety of mixers and add-ins. I had never had a bloody mary before, so I had a sip of his. I took one sip and promptly realized I don't care for them and would be sticking with mimosas.Graham had a breakfast that was, in his words, "a vegans nightmare". This was two eggs, a potato cake, and steaks with carmelized onions and bernaise sauce. This breakfast made me wish I liked runny eggs, because this looked so, so good. I did try the steak though, and it (and the sauce) was so delicious.His breakfast had nothing on my french toast. This was a huge piece of brioche, fresh fruit, syrup and orange zest. This was sweet, delicious and filling. I typically don't like syrup on my french toast, but with the fruit and the hint of orange flavor, it really worked. I would order this again and again. I did order a side of bacon (un-pictured), which was just okay. It was thick, but wasn't crispy at all.The server was a little slack (it took way to long for her to return with drinks and to take our orders, since there were only 2 other tables in the entire restaurant, but whatever. She was friendly and our food was delicious.
1	I try to not give low rated reviews and usually just don't bother for places that I don't care to go back to. I am re-reviewing and giving Bistro La Bon a low rating for the reason that we were very dissappointed with the food after I had given the restaurant 5 stars about a year ago. The menu have changed. Yes, I know and expect restaurants to change their menu to reflect change in seasonal produce, etc. The portions of the tapas have gotten smaller. Yes, I know tapas are small plates. However, we felt the dishes were way over-priced for the portion and quality. Our bill for 3 ppl (only one alcoholic drink) was close to $150 and my husband was still hungry afterwards. The waiter did bring us a complimentary 2nd plate of lamb shank because he said the first plate of one lamb shank was small. Side note- we did not complain at all, the waiter brought it out on his own initiative. Even with a free plate, Bistro is not worth it for us to drive over there. Sorry. My son remembered how great their seared scallop dish was so we ordered a scallop dish. Scallops were smaller size this time around.
1	So sad to post this since I was really looking forward to eating here, the host sat us down and we waited for 30 minutes and nobody came to take our order or even ask if we've been helped. Sorry that's very unacceptable especially since we're all working on tips.
4	We came here for a birthday lunch and it was a great choice. The neighborhood is a mixture of new and run-down. Bistro La Bon is newer and popular with the neighborhood. The inside is large with many different seating options. We were in the back in a more traditional area. Saturday brunch is a smaller menu which leans more towards breakfast than lunch. I was in a more lunch mood so I had fewer options. I had the market salad which changes basted on the market. The salad I had was fresh arugula, shaved fennel, cheese, and a poached egg. The veggies were tasty and the egg was poached perfectly. I thought the salad could have used more acid to cut the richness of the egg yolk. I also had their bloody Mary. If you like bloody Marys you must get one here. They bring your vodka in a glass with ice and you go to the bar and fix how you want it. They have several mixes and garnishes. The garnishes did not have labels so you may have to ask what something is or if it is spicy. It was fun and I enjoyed trying new things like pickled asparagus and sun dried tomatoes in my drink. My husband had the vegetable sandwich which was really good. They uses high quality cheese and made both of our dishes even better. Our party brought a cake from a local bakery and our server brought it out with candles. They sliced the cake for us and brought out fresh forks and cake slices. The service was good considering we were a group of six. If you are in the area I would give this place a try.
1	I've never made it to the brunch because my first two experiences at the bar were terrible. Had to send food back because it wasn't cooked properly and lacked any kind of flavor. The drinks were weak and when I asked to speak to the manager, he clearly thought I was crazy for complaining. He was confrontational, unhelpful and tried to embarrass me by saying that I was the only customer who had ever complained. . Both experiences were way below average - Plenty of Brunch options in Charlotte, I will skip Bistro La Bon.
5	During Resturant Week July 18 to 26.  I went ot the Bistro La Bon and was plesantly surprised at the quality of the food and the selections.  I started with he Roasted beet and watermelon salad it was one of the best salads I have ever experienced.  I have traveled the throughout the USA only selecting the best and I found it here.  The Wild Caught Alaskan Salmon was seared to perfection.  The flourless chocolate truffle cake was light as a feather and to compliement the dish the fresh Mango Sorbet was divine! I will definately return at every Charlotte, NC visit.  If you live in the area you must go to Bistro La Bon.  If I lived here It would be my weekly resturant.  Bon Appetit!Edith P.
3	Brunch Buffet - YumI don't like this location at all. It's a strip mall with a cracked up asphalt parking lot. Ugh. BUT... that out of the way, the interior of this place is very stylish and nice.The Brunch buffet is great. $16 per adult.They bring you bacon, hot items, eggs, waffles, french toast and you go up and get other items.. everything from salad to lox.Coffee, Mimosas, Bloody Marys...    Next time you want to go out to brunch, think of this spot! After you deal with the nasty parking lot, you will be glad you did!
5	Great date night place for young couples or parents in need of some time for themselves.  We've heard great things about the Brunch, but haven't been able to make it yet.
4	I didn't have a problem with this location being in a strip mall. Seriously? Why would that be a concern? Parking is FREE - get over it. I went for the brunch buffet. The selection was small but good - fresh fruit, biscuits and gravy (I'm Canadian, not familiar with this southern staple), sausage, salads, petit fours. The non-buffet items include French toast, chocolate waffles, scrambled eggs and other treats. I don't drink alcohol so I didn't pay attention to that section of the menu - but I spotted many a server passing out many a mimosa. Family-friendly atmosphere with furniture found in a well-loved grandmother's home. Great for a first date, birthday celebration or after-church brunch.
4	My boyfriend and I visited for Charlotte Restaurant week.  We frequented other restaurants in the area but never went here for whatever reason.  I'll break things down as best I can.Food:  I opted for the farm lettuce salad (1st course), the trio tapenade  (2nd course), the saffron risotto (3rd course), and the flourless chocolate cake (4th course).  The salad was okay--I don't like balsamic vinegar, but Bistro can't be faulted for that.  If you like it, you'll probably like the salad.  The trio tapenade was tasty--it came with cannellini beans for one dipping option, guacamole, and roasted eggplant.  It was quite good--the pita crisps were a welcome change as opposed to the normal pita bread you usually get.  The saffron risotto was bright, colorful and had some robust flavors.  I wasn't expecting it to be that good because it didn't smell that great (you eat with your nose, too ya know), but after three careful  forkfuls, I decided that I had picked the right choice.  I'll definitely have it again.  For dessert, the flourless cake was really good.  That was my first flourless cake ever.  It was accompanied by a mango sorbet, which didn't make much since on the plate.  It came dusted with some type of brown sugar sprinkle, which also made no sense texturally when paired with the sweet and smooth sorbet.  All in all, I'd visit this place again and see what other vegetarian options they have.Location:  You really can't go wrong with Plaza Midwood.  It's turned into a cultural hot spot and has shed its past reputation for being a seedy and somewhat dangerous place.  It's a great place to visit now and live if you're interested.  The one thing I don't like about Bistro is its attachment to a dilapidated plaza.  Although it occupies the corner, its doing itself a disservice by being located there.Service:  Umm....it wasn't the best. Our server brought out the courses in the wrong order and seemed new.  She didn't really exude the confidence you expect in a good server.  She was pleasant, she smiled when greeting us, but all in all it could have been better.Summation:  Go check this place out.  If you're into some decent food a fairly decent price, I think you'll like this place.
4	Good Brunch place to try!  Chocolate waffle is good.  Best thing to be honest was the coffee, assorted cheeses, and the Mac & Cheese.  Fruit was VERY FRESH!  It has a nice ambiance and great place to bring family & friends on a Sunday.
5	Their brunch is fresh and so good! Their decor and atmosphere make it an enjoyable 'upscale' place without super high prices. The owner is so nice and takes pride in his restaurant. Defiantly somewhere to try!
3	I wish I could give half stars, cause there were some aspects of this place that were great...and some not so great. The chocolate waffle is sinfully delish, so I ate a million of those. I hit the Sunday brunch buffet (which is pricey, but worth the occasional splurge) and enjoyed fresh fruit slices, asiago grits, jalapeno mac n cheese, potato au gratin, cheeses and breads and pastries. As a vegetarian, I was disappointed by their roasted beets and roasted veggies...may taste better if they were grilled first then roasted...or anything to make them a bit more tender. Also, the brioche french toast was like a brick and quite overwhelming in flavor. All in all, a lovely experience with loads of variety. Gonna go back for their late night bar bites.
5	I used to live in Charlotte and start dining in Bistro La Bon since the first day or even pre-openings. They always have the best ingredients, especially some of them are from local farms. The atmosphere is very friendly and staff is very kind. Food is excellent, that's one of the main reason I kept going back.
5	ended up here because soul gastrolounge had a 2+ hour waitbut im glad we did because everything was so good!the grilled calamari with eggplant.. SO good! small dish thoughbaked brie brulee.. it was okay but way too much and heavy for one person. good to share! the jelly and chutney was semi-on the edge of too sweet but still good, came with a variety of chips/breadstried friend's chicken with pumpkin, really good, the pumpkin bread was deliciousfriends also enjoyed fried brussel sprouts and musselsso cute inside, good service! would totally go back!
1	Been meaning to come to this place for awhile now. Cute ambience when you first walk in. The open kitchen is pretty neat. But then any good pretty much stops there. I'll try to simply state facts to avoid being rude here. My waiter reeked of cigarette smoke. The food was edible in the sense that nothing was burnt. My oysters were bland and undercooked, the shrimp dish barely had any shrimp and my mouth is shriveled up from all the salt. Good try Bistro La Bon but I'm no where near impressed.
4	Cookie was here...... for dessert and coffee for two. About $20, including tip.They have a new pumpkin creme brulee on the menu. Yum.Four stars for the total experience, which included the great service from our waiter and a manager.
5	They have Iberico ham man!! I almost cried when I saw this heavenly ham on the counter, right as we walked in to be seated. I got me really excited about the menu.We immediately attacked the small plate section. That's where the diversity in flavor and texture seemed to be. There are some cool Asian and Spanish touches going on here. The crispy avocado and asparagus small plate was a hit at our table. Though we were a little scared about the texture of avocado and asparagus, they managed to get a satisfying crispy shell on it that held it all together. Flavors were really interesting- Asian fusion goodness. Grilled Spanish octopus was a table favorite- perfect tender octopus and a hit of heat with that chorizo oil. Whatever that saffron cream on the Prince Edward Island mussels was all about...we were spooning that into our mouths, mopping it up with bread, using our fingers, whatever we had to do to ensure not a drop of it was left on the plate. We rounded things out with a couple of beet and watermelon salads and goat cheese stuffed peppadews, which were nice sweet, spicy and savory bites that satisfied the vegetarians. Negronis were our drinks of choice. I would say the only downside was that our spot didn't have enough light- so the beauty of the plating was a little lost on us, though we did rig a spotlight with our iphone flashlights.
3	18 dollars for 4 meatballs is not a great deal! The food is ok. But I think this place is over priced. Ambience is not that great either.
5	This place is a gem. Bar bites and wine list are great. Have Jim, the bartender  make u something  special. He rocks....Dedicated patron. Chef Majid  kicks ass.
4	This is a great place to grab a drink and have a few appetizers!  I've eaten here about 6 times, and haven't had anything yet on their small plates/tapas menu that I didn't like.  Not my favorite place in the world for brunch, but still a solid foodie destination overall!
5	Brunch was amazing! I had the shrimp and grits with a side of bacon. There was no wait but we did go on a Saturday. The service and ambiance of Bistro La Bon was great. I would love to come back to try dinner and the brunch buffet!
2	Honestly, in Charlotte when someone tells you a restaurant is great, you need to take it with a grain of salt. Bistro la Bon is a perfect example. The food is decent, but not outstanding considering the price. I have tried dinner and brunch here. I would not recommend it for the later. The brunch menu is uninspired and the service was terrible. It took my friend and I twenty minutes to receive a menu and attention from the waiter. There were about five other groups in the restaurant Dinner was a better experience. The atmosphere is good for a date night, but nothing about the menu stood out. I do not anticipate returning.
5	We come here often as we live nearby. Great vibe, great food. Entrees available, but I always enjoy their tapas menu.  Tonight we tried a few new items and I can't say enough about the gnocchi. Creamy Parmesan sauce with spinach and artichokes. Hands down the best I have ever had.  Ended up dipping my roasted cauliflower in the gnocchi sauce....so so good! Come by and enjoy!!
5	Just stopped by for Sunday brunch.  We didn't have a reservation, but were able to sit in the bar area.  The buffet was fresh, delicious and a wonderful variety of foods.  The atmosphere is warm and inviting.  This restaurant is officially on our 'new favorites' list!
1	The worst service ever! My drink didn't come until after I asked the waiter 3 times and he finally brought it after our food arrived! It wasn't even that busy. Food was amazing, but service makes or breaks a place. And this service was awful. When I needed something else, I just asked the maitre di.
1	After hearing rave reviews about this place I was not impressed, and down right angry when I left. Trying it out for their Saturday brunch, I experienced the following:- inside was cold to the point that all the patrons were wearing their coats inside.- Ordered food and drinks at the same time, but the food arrived before the drinks.- When the food arrived, it was incorrect and left one dish to get cold while the other was being corrected. The dish that was left was not even "complete" according to the waiter. - Seeing that my wife was pregnant, we ordered two Bloody Marys, one virgin and one not. Well guess who received the virgin and who received the one with alcohol?- Lastly, the food was not even that good. Examples were an omelet that could have passed as a salt lick and grits that were so under-cooked that they were hard.The only saving grace was a pleasant waiter. It is just unfortunate that he was apparently short changed by the others players at the establishment.
2	Today's service was lack luster as I had to wait 40 minutes for a mimosa and then they ran out if glasses. They had a delay on my coffee because they didn't have a mug available. Really!? So I cancelled our drinks after waiting 40 mins for them. Geesh! The brunch is popular and they have some good choices on the buffet but they need to get more cups and glasses. This is service 101.  So disappointed.
3	Visited Bistro for a quick and casual breakfast on a Saturday morning after seeing the great reviews on Yelp.As an out-of-towner and total foodie, I thought I might have landed on something amazing. The pictures looked great, there were rave reviews, should've been an easy win!I ordered the french toast - but, it was a bit burnt on the edges. Not like caramelized burnt, just burnt. And, nothing really special about it to be honest. However, the bacon was phenomenal. I wouldn't recommend the french toast nor order it again. Next time I would order probably a classic breakfast (the people next to me had this and it looked awesome). Friendly staff and nice looking place, but waiting to be wowed by the food.
5	Lived in Charlotte for 4 years.  Charlotte is restaurant abyss - really sad when the best Charlotte restaurants are in Asheville NC.  Now this place is a true rose among thorns, the best restaurant I have dined in here so far.  Talented, skilled cooks, quality focused, value. Not a bad item there. They clearly take every food item seriously.  They really do everything well and don't charge you outrageous prices. Maybe I just jinxed things by saying that here :)
5	The brunch was delicious! Everything was great. If you're looking for a good mix of breakfast and lunch items, this buffet is perfect. I also love that the bacon, eggs, and French toast are all made to order. I don't know about you, but a large chaffing dish of eggs isn't very appealing, so I love that you can order them and they cook them for you. I've heard awesome things about the brunch buffet and it lived up to the hype.
4	Had dinner here last night and really enjoyed this restaurant.  It's in an odd area, being in a strip mall, but it did not disappoint.  The atmosphere was my favorite part as it offers a rustic/eclectic feel and a lot of different options for seating.  The small plates were absolutely amazing and my husband and I loved all that we ordered.  The lamb was our favorite!  Our server was very attentive (they weren't very busy) but did seem a little nervous.  I'm assuming she was probably new.  Overall really like this place and will be returning.
4	Absolutely amazing food.  However, the whole payment process was made waaay too difficult..
5	Countless incredible meals later I'm ready to lay five stars on Bistro La Bon. Their cuisine consistently is innovative enough to push your food comfort zones- lamb belly anyone? Served in a comfortable and gracious environment. You may have dined here for their famous brunch buffet. I implore you to try them for dinner. For an extra special good time:1. Sit in the spacious bar area. Many tables and several couches. The couches are where it's at. 2. $6 cocktails on Wednesdays. And yes they even ran that special on New Year's Eve. 3. Snag a handful of bar bites. These offerings are a teensy tiny bit smaller than the small plates served in the dining room but a couple bucks cheaper. You won't be missing out. 4. If it's on the menu-Try lamb belly, tuna tartare, lavender chicken (it's often listed as a main too and the best chicken you'll ever order out), their mussels are divine and the grilled octopus is on point. Oh yeah, the bread pudding is worth it. It's the bar I compare all bread puddings too. Perfect way to end a meal.
