5	Abridged: Coworking (drop in + packages), event venue, meeting space, awesome.Unabridged:Really? No one's reviewed Co+Hoots yet? Co+Hoots is a great space in an old building on 7th Street near Roosevelt. It's a place for small businesses, the self-employed and anyone else interested to have a space to work that's not their house. It allows for brainstorming, socializing and bouncing ideas off others. There are both rates for drop in one time visits and for packages for full-time inhabitants. The work environment is an open collaborative space with meeting rooms to use when needed.I've been there several times for both professional organization meetings and social events and every time I find it hard to leave. There's such a welcoming vibe and the creativity that abounds in that place is astounding. If you need a place to work for a day to get out of your element, a place to call home for your business of 1, a spot to hold a meeting or a swanky sexy space to hold an after hours gallery or social event, this is your place.Still not convinced? Swing by and check it out. I'm sure they won't mind!!
5	Jenny brought a great concept to downtown Phoenix with this co-working space.  Not only has she created a place where people wanting a step up from a table at Starbucks can park their laptops, she's created a sense of community with all of her tenants.  So even though they all work for themselves, they work together as well.I've been to a few social events there as well, and think it's a great, user-friendly venue.  CO+HOOTS also sponsored Get Your PHX's first Phoestivus event, which was much appreciated.  They clearly view themselves as neighborhood members, not just a business needing to pay its bills.I was also able to find my awesome Santa Monica co-working space through Jenny, as these business owners are all very well connected.  If you're an entrepreneur and looking for a space that's more social than your dining room table yet more professional than a coffeehouse, be sure to check out CO+HOOTS!
4	Had our PodcampAZ pre-party here. A great space which can conform to whatever you might need it for. And you can work there for a nominal fee. I love the co-working concept, and hope it continues to spread throughout the valley.
5	Co+Hoots is a co-working space.  Meaning you can walk in anytime sit down and do some work on your laptop.  Yes you can do that at a coffee shop but sometimes you need a place that feels more your own.The space is located in a historical building.  Imagine walls of gothic windows set in unfinished turn of the century brick.  High ceiling and open spaces make it a pleasure to sit down at one of the desks and concentrate on some work.   The place is super clean, and the owner "Jenny" is a designer so its got a very cool gallery feel to it.  The space makes it easy to work and concentrate, it has the right feel and good creative vibe you see in movies.A big plus is PARKING!  Yes its in downtown phoenix and it has its own parking... I know.  Full bathrooms, a water cooler, and even a serve yourself coffee and tea stand are available.  I usually park there and leave my car when I walk to lunch.Local coffee shops and lunch places are within walking distance.  Across the street you have "Roosevelt Row" with breakfast, coffee, food, beer, and even a full bar.  Its nice to walk over and take a break.  If you stand up and say "I'm going for coffee, anyone in?" you'll instantly have half a dozen cohorts.You can walk in anytime and just ask for a desk on the spot, but they have monthly rates too.  If you're looking for a quiet comfortable place to work, give this place a try.  Its hard to describe but you'll find yourself coming back, its just a great place to work.
5	Co+Hoots has been my first experience coworking in Phoenix and I've really enjoyed it. The people there are great. Everyone goes out of their way to make you feel welcome and invited and part of the community. Jenny is always super helpful and friendly. They have a great conference room for large meetings and a smaller one for those instances where you just need some privacy to talk with a client. The price is very reasonable for drop-ins as well as those wanting a more permanent desk. With the wide range of professionals involved with the space, there's lots of opportunities for networking.
5	Fantastic coworking space.  Really a wonderful environment to drop in. Very welcoming, friendly and smart community.  A great addition to PHX!
5	If you want to escape the boredom and drudgery of working from home, you have to give Cohoots a shot! The space is incredible with no detail left out. There are showers for those who commute by bike and a coffee shop in front to get your caffeine fix. I like also knowing that I have a clean, comfortable place to work and am surrounded by other up and coming professionals. I feel super fortunate to have found this killer spot.
5	I didn't realize how great it can be to work a 9-5 job. Within the Co+hoots environment though, workings doesn't seem like a job at all. While still staying professional, Co+hoots provides a space where creative energy is robust and supported. It allows for people to look FORWARD to getting to work, because it's built a community of growth and inspiration. I can't fathom working at a company that dooms you to a slow and painful cubicle death. Co+hoots provides various spaces for various needs; conference rooms for meetings, a kitchen to store your lunch (perhaps for the week), a shower for the eco-friendly bikers (thanks for saving our Earth), and standing desk units for when you need to give your back a break. Co+hoots is the future of successful work environments. It has the model down and can only continue to improve. The individuals running this establishment listen to the people inhabiting the space, and strive for daily progress. That's awesome to know that the founders/managers care about the people who rent the area, and aren't just in it for the money. I also feel that the presence of Co+hoots is breathing new life into downtown Phoenix. Their addition of Washington Wednesdays (food trucks during lunch time frame) and having the space for Greater than Coffee has revitalized the buildings surrounding Co+hoots. I look forward to what other changes they make that will help the city of Phoenix flourish.
5	I'm a "member" of Co+Hoots and have been for over a year.As an independent I used to have a hard time keeping a regular schedule without "going to an office". I also hated how isolated I felt working out of my house all the time. Coffee shops, the Library, friends who's work environments had an unused desk or quiet area, I must have tried everything.When I first heard about co-working I thought it sounded, frankly, a little weird. I'd used co-working spaces while out of town on business and thought that was probably all I would ever use them for. The idea of using a local co-working space never occurred to me until I started becoming seriously frustrated because I wasn't looking for a "third place" I was looking for a place to work.I first started "dropping in" to Co+Hoots because I was working on a big project remotely and I needed a professional productive business environment. I had to make frequent conference calls and I was concerned about inappropriate background noise at home or at the coffee shop.The diversity and creativity of the people that use the space are very impressive. Some people expect it to be full of "creative professionals" meaning, people that work primarily in communications and design. I certainly expected that when I first learned about it. While there are a good number of design and communication professionals here, what I found was that the creativity is much more about entrepreneurialism and innovation across all aspects of business.Within a month I was "dropping in" every day. The team that runs the space is very attentive to the needs of everyone that uses the space, so it's comfortable and productive for me. The thing I didn't expect was the working friendships I've created. I feel more connected to the other professionals that I have met and gotten to know at Co+Hoots than I ever did in a regular job. I'm a bit of an extrovert though, some folks that use the space don't look for that and that's cool too.I use the conference rooms quite a bit, and have clients meet with me in the space. This has been very helpful as clients are so much more comfortable meeting in a business environment.
5	I love working from my home office, and did so for nearly five years. But in need of some outside interaction, I started seeking out coffee shops...great spots, but distracting. Then I stumbled upon CO+HOOTS. I knew it was the right fit right when I walked in. What an amazing space and group of people. I'm continually energized every time I walk through the door. CO+HOOTS is more than just a name, you are definitely in cahoots with the CO+ family when you are there. It's a collaborative, supportive and creative environment, and I'm so happy to be a part of it. Not bad for attracting new business too.  :) I love this place!
5	Co+Hoots rocks for co-working space. Nothing like it in Phoenix metro in my opinion. It's a beautiful balance of creative + programmers + startups + supporting business types (PR, Marketing and the hippest bookkeeper you'll ever meet).So if you're working at home in your PJ's with no drive, or just roaming from coffee shop to coffee shop, you really owe it to yourself to check out the space at CoHoots. You'll find a place to energize you, support your endeavors and grab some espresso (at the on-site coffee shop) to juice you up. There are multiple meeting rooms available and a flow of cool, passionate people.If you want to see why I choose it over other options in the valley...check out my blog post at:http://per-se.co/blog/2012/10/21/assessing-options-for-co-working-in-phoenix-az
5	I've been going to CO+HOOTS as a drop-in member since it opened and love it! The creative atmosphere, well-planned space and friendly people at CO+HOOTS has definitely filled a need in central Phoenix.After staring out as an occasional drop-in, I've slowly worked my way up to desk member, and every level in-between. The CO+HOOTS community has been there the entire way offering advice for running my business, referring new clients, and putting on great educational and networking events.Over the past several years, they've helped me to expand my business to the point where I felt I needed a more permanent space outside my home office. Now, I have a desk and work from CO+HOOTS almost every day :)If you're an independent worker or small business, definitely check it out!Oh, did I mention they have a coffee shop in the front?? Seriously.
5	Co+Hoots is truly one of the gems of Phoenix. I've met some of my favorite people in the city while working at co+hoots. It's just not a place to co-work from, but also place to become a part of the city's pulse.Here you can collaborate with other creatives and like minded individuals. There are some wonderful companies and individuals working from Co+Hoots, some of which will make a lasting impact on the city. It is one of my favorite places to be in Phoenix!!
5	This is the place you want to show up to if you are an entrepreneur tired of working in your pajamas.  I'm not knocking the idea of working in your pajamas, but let's face it, being cooped up in a home office, cut off from physical contact with other humans does little for one's sanity, let alone hygiene or business goals.As more than a few other reviewers have noted, co+hoots is one of the few coworking spaces in the metropolitan Phoenix area, and its energy definitely reflects an entrepreneurial culture grounded in the intersection of creative and tech businesses.  How does this place work, and why is it different than a coffee shop or executive suite?  Let's put it this way - co+hoots isn't just a play on words.  Rather, the name embodies a collaborative spirit that has been consciously woven into the place by its staff and members.  Most folks initially "drop-in" at a series of tables scattered throughout an open plan space to get a feel for the space.  At the tables you'll find power strips for your hardware, and a space to work from.  Staff will provide you with a wi-fi password, and you're off.  This is great for folks used to working out of their satchel or backback, and gives potential members a nice introduction.  Coworking works well for some people, and not so well for others.  As a drop-in, you can get a feel for the culture of the space and make the call yourself.After becoming a drop-in member, some members upgrade to "Nest" membership, deciding that they'd like a dedicated desk, where they can leave fixed hardware and not worry about running into capacity constraints at the drop-in tables (trust me, on busy days, that's a possibility).But co+hoots isn't just about space.  Staff work incredibly hard at providing members and the broader community with a rich set of ongoing presentations and seminars aimed at helping member businesses and facilitating collaboration on larger projects.  I managed to find a great designer, brand consultant and marketing team, as well as my chief number cruncher at co+hoots, making my professional  life much easier than it was before.So, if you're tired of working out of your favorite coffee shop, or your favorite barista left you behind for greener pastures, give co+hoots a shot. Really.
5	If you're looking for a highly collaborative working environment where you can learn and problem solve with other professionals and entrepreneurs, this is the place to be. If you're just looking for an inexpensive desk space to rent, coworking is probably not for you. CO+HOOTS also offers various workshops and seminars to help sustain and grow your business. It's also attached to Greater Than Coffee, where you can purchase drinks and snacks throughout the day. The community managers are super friendly and private meeting rooms are available at an affordable price. I have a fly-by membership, which is perfect if you need a place to work for a few hours each week.
5	As a recent transplant to Phoenix I went out to search for a collaborative workspace.  I must admit I didn't think the Phoenix market was up to the challenge.  Not only is up to the challenge it is ten fold better than the competition in larger markets.  Everyone at CoHoots has been extremely friendly and professional.  Whether you need working space, meeting space or help with a project CoHoots is an excellent resource.
5	Ergonomically friendly? Check. Spatially accommodating? Check. Friendly "co-workers"? Check. Bonus-- specialty coffee? Check. Ending the day feeling productive? Priceless. Co+Hoots is a genius manifestation of the perfect co-working space.
4	It's nice to have an alternative to a home office without the cost of renting a building space. Great light, great people and friendly management.
5	This is hands down the best place to work. Everyone is warm, inviting and happy to help you find your way. Work for a day and you will stay for years.
