5	my boyfriend: "best meal I've ever had."after taking the metro a few stops (btw their public transportation is amazingly fast and smooth), we walked to bronte.we entered and were promptly seated at a luscious ivory leather booth ... so soft. we ordered some wine and the best cheese plate Ive ever had, but they brought us out this weird appetizer that we didn't order. we questioned the waiter and he said "its all part of the experience" in his french accent. well it ended up being raw oyster with grilled venison on it. i politely slurped it down (i hate raw food). but at least the part venison was good!we ordered our meals - amazing. i don't remember exactly what they were and when i just looked up the menu it appears as though they have changed it since march. the dessert was also equally amazing. and the bartender looked like brad pitt's cousin. :) p.s. bronte was the best restaurant in all of canada for 2005!just.go.there.
5	This is by far, my favorite restaurant in Montreal.  I try to visit it on every vacation.They have one of the most knowledgeable sommeliers I have ever met in my life.  Their wine selection is fantastic and properly priced despite this restaurant being expensive.    They have a great wagyu steak that will be prepared as rare as you like.  (which I like).  If you have allergies they will change the menu to accommodate you.  Be prepared for the chef to send out small tastings between courses.  This the fun part!The ambience of the restaurant is fantastic.  Request a booth if you can get it.  Very cozy, and discreet for making out.My biggest whine about Bronte is that you have to go through the hotel to find the restroom.  And the lighting is all bright, messes with your head after being in a dark restaurant.
5	One of the best meals I've ever had.  Service was impeccable.  Every detail of the night seemed to handled by a different person who was in charge of that aspect.  Appetizers were amazing and artistic.  We got a special free starter compliments of the chef.  I think that night it was some kind of sushi with a European flair.  We got the tartar.  The two of use that tried it thought it divine, and I don't even normally like it, and my friend had never even had it!  Entrees were lamb, beef steak, and salmon.  All were wonderful.  I forget what dessert was, but a dessert "person" came out and described them and we ordered one and shared it.  I got the cheese dish.  Again, there came out yet another person who was the "cheese" person who explained the plethara of choices.  It was wonderful.  We had a bottle of wine.  We stayed for 2 and a half hours.  The same people who were there when we got there were there when we left.  most of the men were wearing sport jackets and ties, so I was glad (as I had just found the restaurant on line a couple weeks earlier when I had planned the trip to Montreal) that I had insisted that we wear ties.  Cannot recommend this place enough!  Go there and experience Bronte!
4	This place is now called "RIDI", but it's basically the same place, with cheaper prices a different menu and mostly the same staff and atmosphere.  It's more affordable and less exclusive than Bronte, but they still have maintained a pretty high level of food quality and service.The menu is Italian-inspired, with lots of pastas and Mediterranean-style dishes.  The lobster bisque was excellent and the beef was well-cooked.  The gnocchi was really nothing special.  There are some great Italian restaurants on Sherbrooke and in Montreal in general, so I don't know if RIDI is going to be able to compete without taking a different angle.  Everything is solid, and it's convinient if you're staying in the Le Meridien Hotel, they also have a good wine selection and good cocktails from the bar.
5	I usually avoid hotel restaurants, but stayed at Le Meridien in May 2012 and tried RIDI after seeing the glowing reviews on yelp. We were not disappointed - the food was delicious, the service was friendly and fast, and the ambiance was nice (quiet on a Sunday evening). The prices weren't ridiculous for Montreal, and we got a free appetizer and liqueur shot, "part of the experience" as other reviewers mention. We had the grilled octopus, crab cake, filet mignon, a veal special, and panna cotta. Everything was cooked well and tasted excellent.
