3	Recently opened, so everything is nice and new. The menu is pretty extensive, but for the most part it is your typical bar food. Maybe a little better. Try the Flamin' Hot Cheetos onion rings...Yes, you read that right...Tasty.  Pretty much your standard PT's crowd, with a few strange ones...I think there must have been a tailgate party going on in the parking lot, because people kept coming in with red plastic cups...Could'nt figure that one out. I'll go back I'm sure, but that because its close to my house. :) Wait staff was very friendly, and the bartenders were on top of things.
5	Sierra Gold has a comfy atmosphere, great service staff and bartenders, and is very homey and clean for a bar.  They accomodate football alumni watch parties and are great even in the morning for breakfast and a game.  I highly recommend the ahi tuna sandwich!!  I went there for the super bowl 09 too and enjoyed the crowd.  The calamari and shrimp fry with cilantro and banana peppers is also outstanding with a sweet chili and spicy set of dipping sauces!
4	Been here a couple of times now but only during lunch hour - and the place has been pretty dead every time.  That's a sign usually, but I can only imagine that there aren't more people because its smack in the middle of the day.  Maybe I'll venture here for dinner some night soon, if I can tear myself away from Hot Rods down the street.I can't really complain about my visits, as the food has always been good and the servers are friendly.  The menu is very extensive, so take a minute to read it through.  I recommend the chicken parmesan sandwich or the chicken salad sandwich - both of which are very good.  The sliders aren't bad either and the chicken rice soup they offer is tasty.I like the fact the place centers around the bar and has plenty of TVs to watch while you eat.  Makes getting away from the office for lunch that much more appealing.But don't show up here with $10 and expect to eat though...my last lunch of soup, sandwich and soda was $20 with tip.  UGH.
4	My favorite local bar. A little more upscale than you Pt's with a great atomosphere and terrific food selections 24/7
3	It's a very spacious saloon with lots of TVs.  Probably a good place to watch the games on Sunday.  I've been in several times for takeout.  Service is always good.  Food quality is below-average, (not terrible, but just not up to the level of the typical pub grub).  Wings and onion rings are great.  They do have a punch card program that gets you a free meal after buying 4.
3	Came by after the UNLV game and the place is not too shabby.  The location on Warm Springs makes it a convenient place to drop into if you're in the area, not too busy.  The setting is nice enough, attractive, but not overly pretentious.  The food is OK, I had the flat-iron special for $10.  The meat was chewy, not the best cut, but not too bad either for the price.  The pizza was also OK, would have liked more topping and less sauce to go with it.  They have a nice selection of brews though, I had a blue-moon like smaller name deal.  The service was alright - I don't mind the no-nonsense, tough, but sort of friendly attitude, although my friends didn't appreciate it.
2	The list of wines by the bottle is really outstanding for a typical tavern. I've been here several times for take out and just recently dined in for the first time--each time the service has been great but the food just mediocre at best.  Not horrible, but just not something that would bring me back.
4	5.99 Steak and Eggs.  The steak was great, three eggs, and home fries.  Had a whole side of the restaurant to myself around midnight, Tuesday morning.  Bartender served me, nice guy.  Watch out for smart-ass bikers though.
4	I've been wanting to come here since hearing its like PT's but a little better. Went for happy hour which I'm not sure what time it started but was until 7pm. It was PACKED!! I've been to PT's on Silverado and Maryland for HH and it was never this busy! It kind of dark inside but had a nice ambiance. Although quite busy, there were several tables still available. There are pool tables which weren't in use either. First off, our waitress said we would have to buy the beer and bites members card in order to get HH prices. PT's never made us buy that, nor did my friend say she needed when going to Sierra Gold previously. Weird. Anyway, that card is $5 but you get $10 to use immediately and you build points on it for whenever you visit and eat there. What also sucks is that their HH is for drinks and thin crust pizza's ONLY. No appetizers. Bummer!Ordered a couple drinks. I tried one of their specialty drinks call grand smash which was grand marnier, lemongrass syrup, sierra mist and mint. It was pretty delicious!  Also, got bucket of chicken wings, garlic fries and their Gilroy thin crust pizza. The gilroy was awesome!! It had white sauce, mushrooms, artichoke hearts, pepperoni, sausage and tomatoes! SOOOOO good. The bathrooms were very very clean! And while washing my hands, I noticed there were tv's in the mirrors!! Cool! lol. Our waitress was very friendly and when my bf asked what beers were on tap.. she pretty much went down the whole list and would have continued if my bf didn't say he got the point. HAHAHA.Overall, its a little far for me to go to HH often.. but I will return if I'm ever near one again. Its a lot nicer than PT's that's for sure!
3	I have been here abourt 6 times or so. The first & 2nd time we came here I ordered the cobb salad.. and  a few times for drinks only. If you get the beer bites membership that goes thru PT's and Sierra Gold you get half off drinks but i'm not sure if that's limited to a certain time frame. etc.  This is my bf's fave place to chill and have a few drinks after work. One time I even took my anatomy and physiolgy to study while he drank and played the slots. Seriously chilled out place but once in a while you get smokey joes and its like a chimminey. We love their half price pizzas during happy hour. Wow. really good super thin crust. I've only tried the hawaiian and the gilroy. I was not impressed with the gilroy as it kinda made me feel nauseated and i was super bummed b/c i love garlic more than salt to be honest with you. when i make food. its garlic, salt and pepper. But the hawaiian is perfect. we share a small and its perfect for the 2 of us. one think I didnt really care for was I ordered a screwdriver and they have me skyy vodka --- i didnt ask for top shelf vodka, You could give me mccormicks for all I care. BAck in TX I'd pay a $1 for that drink she poured me...and here its $8 - - really? On 2nd thought you might try Apache Joe's on Broadbent (which if you are on Boulder and Tropicana and you head East - you'll run right into it. Its down the road from Sam Boyd Stadium - That place Is MY fav place for a few drinks. and the food has yet YET to not be consistenly awesome! and the prices rock.
3	I like the over-all atmosphere of the Sierra Gold bars and the food at all of them is pretty good.  My favorite is the Soup.  Rice, carrots, celery, straw mushrooms, bell pepper, and meatballs in a rich chicken broth!  Comfort and goodness!  The service is nice and attentive.
2	Food is as you would expect, typical bar and grill food. The salads are good, but the "cheeto" french fries are just weird and sort of gross. The regular fries taste like KFC fries (Lawrys seasoning) and the chicken wings are okay. The reason for two stars is first the price... $20 for a pizza, $13 for salad, $11 for a burger.. this place is a locals place, but I'm not sure how the locals are affording it. I even bought into the club  card-- not that it will ever pay off because I won't be back.The second reason is service.. our waitress whom we rarely saw was almost rude, slaming things down on the table, no smile, and never came back after bringing the food. We literally had to hunt her down for our check and when the check came it was another 15 minutes before my husband had to get up and go and find her. On another note, the biker uniform tops should go! These waitresses are old and look like they are washed up from the strip. Just a hint, while I'm eating my food I do not want to see your freckly boobs or ceasarean scar!
1	THis place has really lost so much fuel for me. I used to pump it up to those I knew who put it down. not anymore. If you cant beat them join them. j/k. Seriously the last time I came in here I met up with my bf who went right after work. I was ignored ... not for 10, not 15, hell not even 20 but for 30 freakin minutes. My guess was b/c I dont have a pair ... well the pair the waitresses are looking for to get big "tips" from. The sadest part, the manager looked me in the eye, 2x. and never even asked what I'd like to order. you can find the manager but finding the oldest lady there who happens to be the most clothed (she's the one not wearing the vest and shiny beaded belt but rather a buttoned down khaki shirt and slacks. I told my bf who loves this place, to count me out - he now sees it the light and started going bk to Rum Runner and Apache Joe's. The service at apache joe's is far more courteous.. not always consistently the same people but at least the girl bartenders notice you are there!!!
3	We have been to Sierra Gold several times over the past couple of years. The most recent visit was on this past Friday, during Happy Hour (which is always the happiest hour of a Friday!). I was happy to find out happy hour does not end until 7 pm at Sierra Gold (some places end too early!). To my understanding, in order to receive the half-priced drinks & appetizers, you must be a "Beers & Bites" card holder (which is free to enroll and provides other positive benefits too!). We ordered two rounds of drinks, one of which included their "Prickly Pear" beverage; the ingredients listed all sounded good enough to quench our thirst, but the end result was a little too "thick" for our liking and while the mixture was good, the consistency did not quench anything. We also ordered their popcorn chicken with twister fries (which are always fun!) and a thin pizza (which I believe was the only half-priced appetizer offered). So in conclusion (1) I believe they need to revisit their "Prickly Pear" recipe, and (2) they need to consider adding more half-priced appetizers to their happy hour menu, oh and (3) is it necessary to charge $0.50 for an extra sauce (for the popcorn chicken?). The waitress was attentive and the service was good, so we will probably return again and try their other menu options.
2	Really hate to do this, but this was my favorite bar to eat at until now! I didn't realize they switched to No One Under 21 till I walked in with my kids for dinner and was told that we had to leave! No sign posted anywhere! They have great food here and I'll never go back because the obvious didn't care about local families when the decided to allow smoking! What's wrong with the patio if you want to smoke?
4	Half off all breakfast entrees until 10 am!! Their steak and eggs is a solid, post-night out meal. They changed their breakfast potatoes; they're now a little thicker, not so crispy, so I get the fries instead. Update: Children are no longer allowed at Sierra Gold because of the liquor laws.
5	I have been frequenting Sierra Gold for watching games and eating late night meals since I moved to Vegas in 07.  I have some fond memories here:1) my mom's visit when she wanted scrambled eggs and pancakes for dinner2) many Longhorn alumni watch parties in the back private room, screaming and cheering - the one that stands out is our 9AM games where I come in and order breakfast like corned beef hash and an iced tea3) going with a kooky friend who flirted with the waitress who mentioned many times she was taken4) reading textbooks for a class during the SUPERBOWL and drinking a blue moon5) my television EXPLODED (meaning it truly caught on fire) when the Duke-Texas game in march madness was about to start, so after cooling it off, I went to Sierra Gold to watch the game and the bartender asked, "Are you that weird girl who studied during the superbowl last month?"The menu is good - I like the wraps, the parmesan risotto side dish, the ahi tuna sandwich, and the shrimp/calamari appetizer, but there are lots of choices.  The pear salad is pretty good except the pears are canned ...but service is generally good and it is very cozy to watch games, and not too smoky.  Open 24 hrs and happy hour is half off pizzas, I think 9pm-12am.
1	This place has the best wings in town and great food, but no longer allows anyone under 21...even though that is not the majority of their business, this change is going to cost them business not gain.
4	I like this place: the servers remember my name and what I like, the prices aren't too bad, and it's open late. I've been getting salmon teriyaki lately and they remember to cook it very lightly. The risotto they have as a side is a nice touch and isn't too shabby.Not all is perfect as they don't have much in the way of juice and randomly are closed sometimes. A great place to drop in late, have some good food, and chillax.
3	This place is nice. It's a high end PT's Pub. So the menu is a great Bar Food Extravaganza. This location seemed pretty dead. I don't think I have ever seen it really packed. I was hesitant but figured why not. Walking in is really nice. Kinda modern with a little bit of sportiness. There was only one bar tender and one waitress. Would of assumed the waitress would of been hot like the ads and pictures display but ehhhh. The menu was pretty decent. Flaming Hot Cheeto Onion Rings sounded good as well as their wings and fingers and variety of sauces. This place can be serious competition to BWW if it was marketed right. We tried the Breakfast English Muffin Sandwich with hash browns. The egg was fluffy and bacon crisp and the Muffin was toasted perfectly on both sides. Also tried the Philly Cheese Steak with Chips. They used Whiz which was good but the meat was a bit dry. The bun claimed to be authentic but it wasn't  The Steak didn't have that flavorful taste like from Pop's or Geri's. It was a decent Cheese Steak. The Chips were the clear winner. Made fresh and almost Kettle Style Crispy. Had Cookoo Seasoning which was awesome. It was addicting like crack. The server said they even add that to the fries. Mmmmm, so my first time in a high end PT's wasn't what I expected but Im sure I'll give it another chance to see if I can get wow'd. Until next time, LET'S EAT!!!
1	this place used to have the best wings in town before they changed the age to 21 and over ONLY.We decided to go there because we happened to be out without the kids and get some wings.  The lemon pepper wings seemed like the cook dumped the entire bottle of pepper on the wings.  The garlic parmasion wings were greasy and very vingery.  I don't know if the cook on this particular day was having a bad day, not on his game or ever had a game.  Needless to say, another place which used to have GREAT food and decent service now hit the SUCKS category and is no long a place we will visit.  It is sad to say that wings are also becoming a hard item to find in this town.  You had a great place why did you have to change????  You used to have great chefs, why did you have to change???
3	Decent place. The servers are friendly enough and the food isn't bad. It's kinda roomy inside and they have a cool outdoor patio with sofas and stuff. The pizza is made in a thin crust style and is better than you'd find at most casual bars but certainly doesn't compare to a quality pizza joint. The wings aren't bad, better than BWW. The beer prices from what I remember are pretty fair. They have a fair selection of beers on tap but its not enough to satisfy the curiosity of a beer snob like me. I don't have strong feelings about this place one way or the other-- its a decent place to hang out in the day or for a monday night football game, but I don't suggest it for special occasions or dates.
4	I'm usually a fan of all Sierra Gold/PT locations.  They have great specials and although you are able to smoke there, it's not a smokey place at all.  Tonight we visited this place to finish off the birthday extranvaganza.  Our server was Rachel.  She was super sweet and made our experience tonight, a good one!  It was awesome that she had our best interest in mind.  For instance, I ordered a vodka soda with a lime.  She said that for $0.50 more, you can get Belvedere vodka instead of the well brand.  We also got the italian sausage pizza for $16.99 (half off after midnight).  There was a lot sausage on the pizza, and the crust was thin and crunchy.  Always a fan.  Topped with ranch and I've got a great meal.  To end my birthday extranvaganza, Rachel bought our whole table Washington Apple shots.  Every place I've been this weekend has given me a nice birthday surprise, and Sierra Gold was no different.  Thanks for a wonderful end to my birthday extranvaganza!!
3	I stopped in here on a work trip as I tend to do. Got the veggie pizza sans cheese. It was pretty good, though I miss the variety of veggies you can get on a pizza in europe. I kind of feel like the veggies available on most pizzas in the US are what I call "filler" veggies, basically onions and bell peppers. It would be great to get some grilled veggies on pizzas out here like squash, eggplant, and of course your typical mediterranean veggies found in higher class joints. But a man can dream...Anyways, the pizza was good. In fact it was half price when I went, not sure why since it was so late. They have an ok selection of beers on tap, but all in all the prices are pretty good and theres enough variety to make it worth going to. Everyone I was with enjoyed it.I also stopped in for breakfast before catching the plane out of Vegas, but I dont remember what I got, so it must not have left an impression on me.I think this is a good place to go for late drinks and food/snacks with some friends.
4	Coming from Chicago, most of my friends think I am a borderline scumbag going to a gambling establishment for breakfast. Thankfully, I live in Vegas now and this is quite a frequent occurrence. Sierra Gold is our go-to for breakfast and a few drinks after a long night at work.The bartenders are great. Friendly, attentive and they make me smile in the morning before a 6:00AM flight. What makes me smile even more? Gluten Free Crispin cider ON TAP. Only $7 for a large pint to start the day? Yes please! Forget the calories, give me the cider, which, by the way, tastes amazing on tap. Let's get to the food, because other than gambling away my funds, that's what we come here to do.Specials: 1/2 off breakfast from 6:00AM-10:00AM with players card. I would still pay full price for the breakfast though, but moving on.Pizza: I haven't eaten the pizza, but friends and my fiance have, and it was pretty good for Vegas pizza. Yes, we are pizza snobs coming from a city that prides their pizza as the best pie in the country. Go to Gino's East and you'll understand...or Pizzeria Uno...maybe even Lou Malnati's. I digress. Get the pizza at Sierra Gold topped with meats and veggies and you'll be good to go.Breakfast. Oh the omelets. I had to go here twice in a row one week because I found my happy omelet with bacon, guacamole and pepper jack cheese. Perfect amount of cheese, not like the Omelet House that makes my arteries scream for lean proteins. Perfect amount of guacamole and crispy, crispy bacon. I have a pet peeve about restaurant bacon. Crispy or go home. Sierra Gold did it just right.  My fiance get's the Miner's Breakfast which is sausage, peppers, breakfast potatoes, ham, onions, bacon and more, topped with delicious eggs and cheddar cheese. My fiance does not like scrambled eggs but eats these scrambled eggs in a heartbeat. The sourdough bread looks incredible. Big thick slices, toasted perfectly. You can also get wheat, rye and white. Excellent choices. One issue with the breakfast? The breakfast potatoes are nothing to write home to Mom about. They're fine, just nothing as good as the omelet. They need some seasoning, maybe the seasoning they put on their twister fries?Go to Sierra Gold if you're in the area. Specials in the morning for breakfast, 1/2 off food and drinks at night too after 12:00AM, oh, and a happy hour in the middle of the day as well. That makes the draft domestic beer 25 ounce large glasses $2.25. Yeah. Worth it on all accounts, and hey, it is pristinely clean and TV'S IN THE MIRRORS IN THE BATHROOM. Hey, it's all about the small things my friends.
2	I was super disappointed with this place... My boyfriend really wanted to go here so we decided to swap Jason's deli (which is right across the street )for this place. that was a bad idea, the service was horrible they made us wait so long and charged us for things without letting us know first this is the second time I've gone to a PT's run Company... Even our first experience at PT's was absolutely horrible...  The servers acted like we were a nuisance and they didn't even want us there it took a long time to get our food and the even messed up on the order And still charged full price for it. But on a lighter note the food was actually very good my boyfriend got a steak salad and I got a hamburger and it was very very good so my suggestion to you is to call it in and pick it up and enjoy you are meal somewhere else. I really wanted to enjoy this place but I guess the hunt for a good pub and eatery is still on in full force!
2	This place actually looks like a very nice bar...but this is a restaurant review!  On that note, the food was completely overpriced and mediocre quality - even for a tavern style place.  I'd go back here to have a drink or shoot pool, but never to eat.  Maybe I'd get a burger if I was starving...how bad can you screw that up.  One more note, their bleu cheese salad dressing was gross.
2	Service is sketchy. Happy Hour prices require their gaming club card which is bogus. The pizza used to be delicious and now its not so much. Since the quality of food has decreased, the prices should decrease accordingly. Happy Hour drink prices are pretty good.
4	This is a good spot to spend a morning watching football. First of all, it is not overcrowded like it is at Buffalo Wild Wings on a Sunday morning. My friends and I arrived at 9:30 am Sunday expecting to fight for a television.  Since we had specific needs- the Cowboys game on 1 television, and the Eagles game on the other, we were unsure if it was going to be possible. We set up in a booth that was surrounded by 4 televisions. As soon as the server came over to greet us, I immediately asked if she could accommodate our viewing needs.  Done! In five minutes, we had our games on, and our food ordered.If you are a proud member of their BEER & BITES club (free to sign up), food is half off before 10:00 am. As a result, I was able to get my Sunday started with a pretty decent breakfast. Scrambled eggs, bacon, potatoes and toast for $3.99- YAY!  Oh, and their pizzas are half-off during happy hour- if you are into paper thin crust pizza. I tried the pizza, and thought it was just OK. However, if you drink enough beer- I am sure you will enjoy it.The atmosphere was laid back, with a private room to watch football if you want to reserve it. They have a few pool tables and a Golden Tee arcade game if you are not into watching football. The service was good initially, but tapered off once we ordered our food. It was almost like it was unheard of to order lunch after eating breakfast 3 hours earlier. Prices are good, food is edible, and the vibe is comfortable. We will be back-too bad the EAGLES are horrible this year!
3	We've been to this location several times.  The half price pizza and beer during HH keeps us coming back.  I did try a burger one time but regretted it immediately so it's HH pizza from now on.  No trivia machine was another negative (PTs Pubs have them though).  The place is clean and in a good location.  There are definitely better places for us nonsmokers. I'll give them a 3 because of their HH alone.
4	We do Beer Thursdays after work at Sierra Gold.  Fun atmosphere, great food (hint: try the Gilroy with RED sauce...yum!)  Pretty much all the seats in the place have a good view of a nearby TV screen so you won't miss a second of the game.
1	I ordered the fish and chips which was recommended as a 'best seller' by the server. It was 3 greasy pieces of fish, a couple of very skinny breaded shrimp, a spoonful of cole slaw and a few fries. This meal couldnt even be considered good at a fast food place for a third the price ($11.99).  Service was fine, nice decor.Poor Food!
1	I come here a lot because its close to home and they have a few good wing flavors, but everytime there is a problem, shorted us a bucket of wings, gave us the rest of the order wrong, they don't make orders you call in and  pick up, apparently they forget they took them, I will continue to go here and never leave a penny for a tip
4	Good Place for a some wings and a couple of drinks .
4	We are doing low-carb and the salads here are very good...  The ahi salad is VERY good, and my husband enjoys the Cobb (no blue cheese and avocado on the side) he gets ranch, and it is quite tasty, and I get the avocado, YAY!   Have you had Ahi down the street at Hank's in GVR?  Sadly, or wonderfully, the ahi at Sierra Gold far surpasses the ahi at Hank's....  for many $$ less, go figure!  The beers are cold, and the service at the tables is good as well.  Not too much, not too little...  We usually see the same servers so they know us, but tonight we had a new server and she was equally as attentive, and got us our happy hour beers before the end of happy hour, so of course... we were happy!
4	Came here about a week ago for the first time for a friend's party, in fact I had never been to any Sierra Gold before...only PT's. When I walked in I was pleasantly surprised with how spacious and nice it was. Definitely was not expecting it. There was plenty of table seating and TVs located through out and not only at the bar. It was also pretty cool to see TVs in the bathroom mirrors so you can continue to catch the game and not miss any action!For the party we had a couple areas reserved for our group and our own waitress as well. The poor waitress was trying to keep up with all our food and drink orders, but overall I think she did a pretty good job despite there being 20-30 of us and only 1 of her. For food we ordered a bunch of appetizers and set it up buffet style for our group to munch on during the party. There were boneless wings (where they apparently serve the sauce on the side?), sliders, fries, and various pizzas. I thought the food was pretty decent for bar food and being able to order them in buckets makes it pretty easy to order in large portions. Sierra Gold seems like a pretty chill place to grab a beer and watch sports and it was much less crowded than other sports bars I've been to around town. If only it weren't so far away I would be returning soon to catch some games!
2	Came here on a few different occasions and my latest was for an NBA game. A friend and I sat at a table that had a nice view of the TV's. we were greeted within minutes by our server. She got us our drinks and put in a food order and came to the table several times to ask if we needed refills or more food but we were ok. Because we were not ordering something every few minutes it took longer to actually find our server when we needed her. The place wasn't very busy and I'm not surprised. With the bad service plus mediocre bar food, there are too many better places to hang out with friends.
1	This is a PT's!  Says nothing about PT's on the outside.  On the inside, it is all PT's.  So, you get that crappy PT food when you are expecting something different. I felt swindled.  I read somewhere that this is a "high end" PT.  High end? That is like saying Popeyes is a high-end KFC.  And the food is overpriced.  Nothing special.
1	Went in at 2:30 on a Saturday afternoon. Total ghost town. Nobody in this place. Terrible bar service, she seemed to be intentionally ignoring us. We asked for menus. The prices were outrageous for bar food. Who wants to pay double digits for a french dip type sandwich. Don't waste your time.
4	I really thought it was a nice place. Great happy hour as always. The food came out great and I would def go back!
4	Had breakfast twice their the past week and the service was great , steak & eggs are very good and cooked correctly. The restrooms are clean , pool tables, and.cold beers!!
3	This place is dead during football season. All their competitors are running happy hour specials so everyone else seems to go elsewhere. They raise their prices during football games. The only reason I even come it's because I'm guaranteed a seat and they change the TV to whatever game I want. Or if I come early enough I can get the breakfast special before the game starts. Its only good to come here during the NFL if you like to be a loner . Good for loners but dumb for Sierra gold.
1	My Mom and I come to this place all the time during the week and have amazing service in the day shift. We come back not because the food is good but because of the staff. They are friendly and outgoing. Thank you to Kristy, Lisa, Brittany. Last night was a different story. We sat in our favorite seat and the place wasn't too busy. I've seen it busier. The waitress that we had we had once before and she was so terrible but my Mom decided we should give her a second chance. BIG MISTAKE!!! Colleen is by far the worse server we have ever had. She wouldn't look at us she kept telling us to wait before we could have her take our order (20 minutes we waited to place an order) . When she did bring our order she slammed the plate down, while looking in the other direction. We tried to make small talk and she would walk away. She obviously doesn't enjoy her job and made it more than clear we were not a priority to her. When we finished our meal we were discussing if we would get dessert when she shoved the bill holder in my arm and stated, "you weren't getting dessert were you?" as she walked away without waiting for our response. We should have never left her a tip but we left her less than 10%. Sad for her we tip between 20-25%. Honestly, if I walk in and she is the only waitress I will leave immediately. She is so bad for your business and you should really think about giving her less hours to be near customers or maybe she should work in the back where she has no contact with people!She won't stop us from coming in because we love it there but we will make sure we NEVER come in when she's the server.
