3	We NEED a good cheap fish place in North Scottsdale, and I thought my prayers had been answered. Unfortunately, when we showed up around 7pm they were closed early with a sign that read "out of fish". I wish they had the foresight to stay open with 1/2 price shrimp or hand out "please come back coupons" to entice us first time visitors to return. This place is either very good or just very green to business. You get one more try Seattle's Best!
5	2nd try and I gotta say that I will be coming here on a regular basis from now on. North Scottsdale lacks seafood (other than fine dining) and this fills the spot perfectly. The owner/cook who was working told me he cooked for Ivar's Fish Bar in Seattle for years, at that moment I was sold. I opted for the "surfer's platter" of fried fish, clams, and shrimp with fries and coleslaw for only $9.95! I must try their chowder next time, I was just too full. This is the real deal!!!*Suggestion: less big shrimp are better than many small ones...*Keep in mind this is a simple fish n' chips shop - no grilled sea bass, raw tuna, diver scallops, or caviar.
3	Stumbled onto this tiny casual eatery, and it proved an unexpected gem when the meal included fried clams that pleased my Maine-native mother. The owner/operator was running solo during a late lunch rush, yet managed to take orders, craft short-order all-fried meals, and still keep up pleasant banter with the happy customers. It was apparent that this quiet spot (only 6 months old) has a stream of locals that stop by, and it is easy to see why: the chance to get away from same-old/same-old heartless chains and enjoy food that might be expected on a New England oceanfront road. Don't try for anything low in calories, just embrace your inner seasideness. Our trio had clams, fish, and chicken (each paired with fries); would have tried the salmon if it hadn't just sold out. Each meal was about $7. Saw one "regular" order chowder, so look forward to trying that next time.
1	My wife and I shared Cod & Chips and a bowl of chowder.  We had a craving for chowder and this didn't do it.  I make it better at home frankly.  This chowder tasted like no clam juice was used.  Next, the cod was somehow sitting in watery juices when served, thus, the thin bread crust was soggy.Fries were good.
4	Have driven by this place for months and finally got a chance to go.  The first time it was closed due to a family emergency.  Second try they were open - yay!  Simple menu and reasonable prices.  We decided to eat in.  There were a couple others dining in while we were there, still more came to pick up and go.  We tried the fried cod & the fried pawns.  Both came with a garlic-seasoned cole slaw.  Cod was one large piece of fish, not overly breaded.  Pawns were qty of 6, butterflied and breaded.   Ample portion of fries came with both.  We were served by an enthusiastic owner who genuinely appreciates the business and is doing his best to serve.  Fish & chips is a nice addition to the Scottsdale restaurant line-up.  Patronize the locals and keep the money at home.  Note - they accept credit cards but VISA & MC only.Thank you, Seattle's Best.  You remind me of home, but the weather is a whole lot nicer here.
4	Went back recently and tried the salmon and chips.  Yummmmo!  Salmon was broiled, much more to my liking than breaded fried fish.  I may soon be eating my way through the menu.
5	Moving here from Seattle, I longed for some great chowder and seafood and this place definitely delivered.  Owner is very polite and has a overall warm demeanor.  I bring my family here at least once or twice a month.
5	This was my 1st trip here as I work close by and wanted to try this place out for a while. Finally called in a to go order, and the staff was friendly on phone and mentioned food would be ready in 5 min! Wow, I rushed right over (3 min) and they were just finishing up. I spoke to the owner about origins of seattle's best, and also got a recommendation on the cod and chips. My fish and chips was ready and it totalled 8.95. I got a small sample of clam chowder also just to try it out. Well the fish was surprisingly good. It had a light flakey batter without to heavy of oil saturation, and the fish itself was hot, steaming, and the flavor was subtle and fresh. I broke it easily into chunks and used up two tarters(handmade and excellent, ask for 2, you'll need them!) There was an entire half fillet of fish, but it dissapeared quickly. The clam chowder came with a large bag of long island style oyster crackers and the chowder itself was light, fluffy, flavorful with a kick of spice and clam. Also they wrapped the to go bowl in tinfoil to prevent spillage. The slaw was really good. It had a small vinager bite, but was smooth and light. Crunchy and fresh slaw topped the whole thing off. I finished off the fries with some of the marinara that came with the fish. The fries were perfectly cooked, but how could you mess up fries right? Next time ill be back for the cod, and clam chowder. Great experience, and no i don't work for them or know them, or was i paid to write this. Just wanted others to find a cool place in a little corner. Bring them some business, so we can enjoy it for years to come. Thanks for reading.
5	Fish and Chips?  Now THIS is what I'm talkin' about!  Not those other guys around town, who love giving away their bumper stickers to anyone who'll have them.  (See my earlier review on Pete's on Apache Blvd to note the contrast)Highly-motivated owner who's a people-person.  Some might find the food 'pricey,'  but I'm not complaining.  Our fish was very tasty and portions were ample.  I'm very picky about cole slaw - very few places get it right, according to my taste.  This slaw is PERFECT!  A very slight vinegary flavor, along with some other interesting seasonings makes it Dee-lectible!By the way, tartar sauce, cocktail sauce, and slaw are made fresh each morning, owner reports.Yeah, wifey and I will be back!  If there's a better fish & chips place in town, I'd sure like to see it.  Until then, I'm very happy right here at Seattle's Best!
1	Shockingly unedible...was fried in some kind of old bacon grease tasting stuff...the clams were like old rubber bands and  beyond anything you would expect from a place that is supposed to be about seafood.  The popcorn shrimp was terrible, dry and shriveled with veins in it.  The coating was absolutely awful.  The funny thing is we walked in and a woman was sitting there eating - just one person was there - and I asked her, "Is this place any good?" She stared at me with wide eyes and didn't say anything and now I know why.  If the high strung owner were to hear her she might have been bulldozed over by him.  He is wired so tight it's like he'll explode any moment if you ask a question or want to return the lukewarm, pasty, overly thick clam chowder that was just well...shockingly unedible.P.S.  As the woman was walking out she leaned over and whispered, "It wasn't very good."
3	Not the best fish and chips in the world, but decent, and for the price provides a nice quick stop for lunch. I ordered the surfer combo (came with fish, shrimp, clams, fries, and cole slaw) for around $10, and there was enough food that it was a pretty good deal. The fish, fries, and coleslaw were pretty good, while the shrimp and clams were disappointing. The shrimps were too small and had too much batter, so it felt more like I was eating batter than shrimp, while the clams felt rubbery. My mom got the cod fish and chips and her cod was better than the fish I had in my combo. The owner seemed nice and did ask us how we liked everything. One of the other reviewers mentioned she couldn't get free water, but we had no issue with that. The decor is really bland inside and out. Overall not bad, but nothing to get terribly excited about.
1	I went by today and found this place has permanently closed.  Another independent goes down.  So sad.
1	They closed
2	It wasn't horrible, so it doesn't get one star, but there's nothing notable about the cuisine either. I had the chicken combo,my wife had the cod. Neither of us felt there was anything special. It's fish and potatoes, fried. No more, no less.
