5	This tattoo shop is a hidden gem! We stumbled in fairly late night and were pleasantly surprised by Terry and his wife Jennifer. Not only were they very patient, helpful and kind but Terry gave my BF a BAD ASS treble Clef tattoo! This is the place to go for black and grey work, Terry is a master of it... BUT if you're looking to  keep it live in Vegas and just walk-in and get something (as people often do)Go to Bootleg, you WILL NOT regret your tat in the morning, AND you will be treated wonderfully in the process!
5	saw their groupon ad and decided to try it fir my simple quote tattoo. Instead of using the groupon, Jennifer (Terry's wife) gave me a nicer deal. The couple deserves five stars coz they're both accommodating and friendly. Jen did good and was patient enough to edit the samples just to get the design i wanted and Terry did a good job on my tattoo :) happy with my results.
5	I was not planning to get a tattoo this day but a new friend of mind wanted to get some cool tattoos on his elbows so I said let's go. We went all over town to see what we can get for the best masterpiece tattoos done. The first tattoo place we went to the employee would not honor a Groupon that they had on Ad.  He told us to go to their other store but they weren't open till another hour and we weren't sure if that place was a great place either because the place was really in a bad area. Then we decided to check out another place while that store was still closed.  We called Bootleg Tattoo and talk to Terry and Jennifer if they honor the Groupon Ad that we were going to be on our way to check out their place?  Terry told us just to meet them there. We got there and the place had a wide glass windows so you can see every tattoo that you can get while you wait for them to open. Just by looking in their store, you can tell that they are some cool people.  Anyhow Terry and Jennifer finally got their and they asked what we wanted to get? I wanted to get a cover up from an old tattoo with a new tiger tattoo and my friend wanted to get a matching superman symbols on his elbows. Terry was really nice to give us a great combo deal and that was when we finally thought this is the best tattoo place I've ever been too. They even fed us some snacks. Their lounge is pretty cool because they're gonna get a 50" TV for the lounge and they already have the pool table.   I would recommend this place to all the people I know and will come back for a second tattoo. Thanks for helping me and my friend out.
5	Terry pierced my tragus and third lobe tonight. He was friendly, patient, and skilled. He gave me a great deal and all three piercings were quick and relatively painless. I love 'em!
5	Terry and Mo were awesome! Very professional and friendly. Terry did 2 tats for me and I love them both! I will definetly refer all my friends to Bootleg and when I return to Vegas I will visit Terry again!Mo....Hope to see you in San Francisco June 29th!!
4	Dropped in on Sunday for a cartilage piercing for my daughter.  Terry was very friendly, professional and worked us in without a long wait.  The piercing area was clean and organized.  We were given aftercare instruction and we were on our way. The cost was great.  This would have been 5 stars but the area around the shop was a little run down and I was approached by a homeless woman walking to my car.  If I was on my own, it wouldn't have been a big deal but my younger daughter was with me.  I am just glad it was during the day and not at night.  It wouldn't stop me from going back to this shop because it was was a great experience.
