5	The food here is amazing! Definitely the best Indian food I have had in Phoenix. The restaurant itself was very clean and the service was really nice. I would definitely go back!
5	The food here is yummy and the prices are great. You get big portions. And the people are friendly and I will be back soon.
5	Great experience! The portions were generous and the staff attentive and friendly. The food was delicious and well priced! Will definitely return.
5	This place is pretty amazing and has to be the best Indian food in town.  I've been twice in the past week and have found the food to be fresh and extremely tasty!  The saag paneer may be the best I've ever had and the naan was super as well.  The restaurant is spotlessly clean and the staff are also great - very personable.  The owner/manager even asked what could be done to make our experience even better.  I will be eating here regularly and I encourage you to give it a try!
5	Tried this place the other night.. It's brand new but decided to take a chance. Glad we did.. Had the chicken tikka masala and the lamb vindaloo, rice and garlic naan. So good!! Next time we will probably just get the regular naan. It was $1 more for garlic on it and it didn't taste much different than reg. naan. Took quite a while for us to get our food but we figured that was because it was probably their second day open. Staff was very nice and prices weren't bad at all and serving sizes were pretty good. Will definitely be going here again!
4	I haven't been to many Indian Bistros but when this new tiny one opened near the Asiana Market we decided to check it out.We started with Shami Kabab, They were Chicken Lentil Croquettes that were tasty and came with a terrific mint chutney.We shared Chicken Vindaloo and Chana Masala (chickpea stew). The Vindaloo was spicy with a building heat and the Chicken in was extremely tender and moist. The chickpea stew was tasty.We also shared rice and Naan. The Naan seemed like it was made fresh to order.The portions were very large and we had enough food for 4 meals.I note I don't eat Indian Food Often so I don't know how the food stacks up to other Indian Bistros but based on the quality of the Chicken preparation and the Value I feel they are deserving of four stars and are worth a try when your in the area.I plan to return it's great this new place opened!
5	Let me just start out by saying I love food and I am pretty adventurous when it comes to trying new things, but nothing has moved me to ever write a review until I ate here.  To start out customer service was phenomenal.  The staff was knowledgeable (and enthusiastic!) about the food and made great suggestions based off what types of food we enjoy.  Next, the food was an Indian/American fusion which I was not expecting, but was pleasantly surprised after eating a few different things. We started with a Somosa and Paneer Pakora that were delightful; the Somosa had a little spice, which I loved. Then we had the Saag Paneer and the Paneer Wrap (can you tell we like cheese?).  I had some garlic naan with the Saag Paneer, which went well with the spinach and cheese in the dish.  The Paneer Wrap was my favorite though with its pickled sauce that just fit perfectly with the wrap.  I am definitely going back because I was too stuffed to try their Fire Cracker Chicken or any desserts!5-Starts, definitely check it out!
4	I thought the food was really good. We both really enjoyed the butter chicken and tikka masala, as well as the mango lassi and both garlic and plain naan.  I wasn't in love with their samosa, a bit bland, but not bad and I found the mint chutney a bit odd (not my favorite mint chutney ever). The mango and tamarind chutney were both quite good.  I would definitely eat there again.
5	Saffron Bistro is amazing. Fast friendly service.  A large group of went for dinner and the staff were great. Try the Pani Poori, Papri Chat and the Paneer Pakoras.Also recommend trying  the fish is very fresh and flavorful. Chicken is super moist and flavorful. The best and only Indian Bistro in Phoenix. Thank you for a wonderful meal.
5	Fantastic bistro and I'm usually not a fan of Indian food.  Food stands out because of the freshness I think.  Flavors are clean and bright.. not overwhelming like a lot of Indian food I've had.  Food is also on the light side, not overly greasy. I've been here three times before and each time the food and service were great.  Atmosphere is clean and bright.There is nothing I've tried so far that I haven't liked, but my favorites are the Tandoori Chicken Tikka, the fire cracker chicken and mama's cauliflower.  I'll be back for sure.
5	We were visiting Arizona last week and were craving good indian food. This is a great little restaurant, pretty new. The management and staff is amazing, with great service. Food was great. We ordered some appetizers - samosa chat, paneer pakora and dumplings. All were great and very fresh.The fire cracker chicken has got a nice kick, my wife loved that. All in all - good place for quality Indian food.
3	I've been looking for a good Indian place and saw this restaurant was highly rated and close to my apartment.Items ordered for take out:RiceGarlic NaanSamosasDal MakhaniChicken Tikka MasalaRice: The rice was cold and hard. Gross. Threw it away.Garlic Naan: The naan tasted okay. But it was stale/hard.Samosas: The samosas are huge and pretty tasty. They make them fresh, according to the hostess. But, they forgot to give us chutney. Bummer.Dal Makhani: Pretty good, nothing special, but tasted good nonetheless.Chicken Tikka Masala: The chicken was tender, the sauce was really good. I would order this again.Everything looked really tasty. Also, just waiting in the restaurant for our food, the decor is nice and everything looks really clean. The portions are large (We had a lot of leftovers) and the hostess was really pleasant.I really wanted to like this place. They've only been open for 5 weeks so probably have some kinks to smooth out. Maybe I'll try it again after some time.I called the restaurant and let them know about the rice and chutney. Whoever answered the phone offered a free order of rice the next time we come.
1	Very very slow service .. less variety.. not hygienic (found hair which was compensated by 10% discount).. I am from India, and I know how Indian food looks/tastes like.
5	Awesome new Indian bistro. Very intimate dining room, amazing customer service, perfect size menu, and all the food we ordered was fresh, perfectly seasoned, and delicious! We ordered samosas, chicken tikka masala, sag paneer, and garlic naan. The samosas were fried to a crispy brown deliciousness. The tikka masala had awesome flavor as did the sag paneer. The garlic naan was a great compliment to everything. The owner came out after our meal to check on everything, very nice touch! We are excited to go back and try the firecracker chicken, lamb chops, vindaloo, and pakoras. You gotta give this place a try...
5	My first experience with indian food.  My boss took me for lunch.  The waitress made suggestions and I followed them.  It was excellent.  The food was outstanding and the service great.  I will be dining here again soon
5	Great place, had the garlic naan and firecracker chicken. both were amazing, the service was great and extremely fast as well as friendly. This will be a regular stop from now on.
5	A wonderful New Indian bistro. Don't let the name 'bistro' scare you. From the friendly staff who greets you at the to the deliciousCreation delivered to our table it's an amazing culinary experience. You will only see the freshest ingredients used and portions are very generous. My favorites are the samosas and Paneer Jalfrezi. Oh can't forget the garlic naan too!  I look forward to the chef expanding the menu in the future! You will go back craving more!
5	Yeah.....Great New Place to eat Indian food! Clean & Friendly atmosphere:) We wanted fresh food & exactly what we tasted! You will wait 13 minutes for your homemade fresh samosa to arrive. From the way everything is served to you...to the taste in your mouth...you will want more!! We wanted to try everything! Every time we go back we will have to try something new...chef gets his lamb imported from New Zealand:) A+ Samosa, Garlic Naan, & don't leave without having the mango cake...light dessert that you won't want to share! Thank you Amanda & staff for a beautiful experience....we walked into a clean bistro & felt like we life an elegant 5 star restaurant! Worth every penny.!
4	Not the best Indian food that I have had but pretty good for Arizona!! I would recommend the dish with black pepper and shrimp (don't remember the exact name).
4	This is a new Indian restaurant in North Phoenix. The set up was normal, nothing too special, and its located in the corner next to Asiana.I had the black pepper shrimp and the Indian chicken masala, with naan and a samosa.The samosa was prepared fresh and was tasty. It could use a little more spice.The black pepper shrimp was really good. Very well spiced, tasty, and fresh. I will definitely eat it again.The chicken was poorly cooked and was mediocre at best. I do not recommend it.Overall, a solid experience, not a hit, but a good spot for its location.
4	I'm giving this 4 instead of 5 because it still is not my favorite Indian Restaurant, BUT it is the best in the valley.It's a modern take on good Indian food. Chicken Masala was fantastic. It was clearly grilled fresh, everything was top notched, you can tell they did not skimp on flavor or the fresh ingredients used to make the masala as other places do. The Butter Chicken was so savory that we can completely see why the UK is in love with this dish. The only thing negative I can think of is that we should have ordered more than 1 serving of rice. But that is something very, very small. We WILL go back again and order different dishes to fully try out everything this place has to offer.
3	I would eat Indian food everyday (I did growing up) but it is expensive!*****Fresh, fresh, fresh, and flavorful!  Sagg Paneer was the best we have had anywhere, would go just for the spinach and cheese!  **Chicken Tikka had a bit too much of a tomato base and not enough creaminess so we tried the butter chicken which was not spicy enough, if they put these two together they will have an awesome chicken tikka masala.*****Samosa's  are awesome!***Naan was pretty good, not the best I have had.*****The Papadum is the best I have ever had, I don't usually eat a lot of it cause my mom used to make it all the time and i got sick of it but this stuff was addictive.*****Black Pepper Shrimp dish was superb, great flavor, perfect amount of heat.So here are the reasons for a three not a four or five star rating:The menu did not have some of the items listed and the server said they were changing their menu but when we went back two weeks later they had not gotten new menus and did not have any of the non-traditional items listed like the chicken tikka salad, or chicken burger, and a couple of others.  I wanted to try something new but the server said they had to take them off because they did not sell any.  I asked if they would have a salad  on the new menu and she said no.  Now heres the thing, middle aged Indians get fat too!  Despite skinny beginnings, if you eat ghee, naan, samosa, creamy curries and sauces all your life you get fat!  I need some healthier choices that are still Indian.  Most Indian restaurants have at least one or two salad choices or lighter fare, I would even settle for some aloo gobi. The Chai was horrible and I love, love, love, me some chai.  Lastly, Indian food a la carte is expensive that is why so many places have buffets, the least they can do is have specials and not just thalis on the week days.I really want this restaurant to do well therefore i felt an honest, thorough review was in order.
4	Having lived in the area near where Saffron is located all, I can say is I wish this place was here years ago. Started with the samosa and loved the great amount of filling and sauces it came with. Kids split the orange chicken which was quite a bit lighter and had a nice caramel crunchiness without all of the excessive greasy fried breading found in typical chains. Ordered vindaloo chicken, a spicy mix of chicken and dark curry. Very good flavor and the spice didn't over power the rest of the flavor. Enjoyed the vindaloo with rice and naan both of which were very good. I will definitely visit again soon to try more of the menu.
4	I was really pleased with the location, the service, and the food. We started with fresh made samosas and then I had the Chicken Vindaloo with garlic naan. It was great! The chicken was very tender.
4	Just tried this place. Got a to go order. I honestly wasn't expecting much because I have been disappointed by many indian restaurants but it's only a couple blocks from me and I thought I needed to try it. And to my surprise, it was actually very delicious. Samosas are amazing. I love them. The naan was pretty good as well, not the best I have had, but very good. And i ordered the chicken tikka appetizer but when I got home I opened my bag to find chicken tikka masala. I was okay with it though because the tikka masala is one of my favorite dishes. It was pretty good. Not as much cream as the normal tikka masala dish usually has and a bit more of a tomato base than normal as well but fairly good. I think the place definitely has some potential and I hope business picks up (or maybe I just went in on a very slow night because there wasn't a single customer in there besides myself). Its very resonably priced! Its probably the cheapest indian food i have found and some of the best as well. I will definitely be returning again.
3	The first time I went I was pleasantly surprised by the delicious food.  The 2nd time I went, the food made me sad.   The service is great however.  I'll try it again sometime, when I'm out of other more proven options for great Indian food.
3	Really good food, but not that family friendly. I wish they include rice with the entree. Who would order Chicken Marsala without rice? I had to pay $2 extra for rice (rice is cheap).  That deducted one star.  I rather they did not give me the free appetizer and just give me rice with my meal.
5	My husband and I stopped in by accident on our way to the Asian Market. The food here is excellent. The chef/owner's love for the food he creates and stellar customer service is clear. You won't go wrong eating here.
2	When I hear, amazing, the best, fresh, tasty...etc I am expecting really great things. I ordered garlic naan, samosa and channa masala.Naan was hard by the time I got home. Garlic was sprinkled on so either this thing was microwaved or made first and sat out.  The channa masala was so dry, there was no gravy whatsoever. When I opened it, it smelled very good however it was too dry to eat. The picture is not the same. Lastly the samosa was definitely microwaved...it was cold within a minute of bringing it home. People may say that I should have eaten there however I have ordered takeout from many places before, this isn't my first time eating indian food.
4	Very close to the house! The food was great would highly recommend! Slow afternoon, but the staff is friendly!
5	My boyfriend and I have not had much experience eating Indian food and decided to try this place tonight for take-out. It was so flavorful! The Chicken Tikka Marsala and Fire Cracker Chicken were hits (we are lightweights so we ordered "mild"! Great service (ready in 15 minutes for pick-up) too. We highly recommend!
5	I would have given this restaurant 4 stars but I am giving an extra one because this is the ONLY GOOD Indian resraurant in this area. I tried pretty much all the indian restaurants in the Glendale/Phoenix area ever since I have moved here and all I have experienced is disappointment! Finally came across this oasis in the desert. We tried the signature paneer tikka masala and channa masala. Both the dishes were prepared as per the north Indian standards and were absolutely toothsome! They serve legit quantity for the price they charge you. I would recommend this restaurant to everybody. Go try it! My only lil piece of criticism would be on mangi lassi.  It was a lil too thick. If the thickness of the shake is right then it would make a great mango lassi. And please serve lacha paratha or roti. It will be a huge hit!!Good luck!
5	Went for lunch with a buddy on the recommendation of my wife's OB of all people, and was very happily impressed.  The food was DELICIOUS!  The chicken tikki masala was very good, but I really loved the chicken vindaloo - it was a very pleasant spicy that did not linger and was very flavorful!  Between that and the garlic naan I left fat and happy!  The gal that took our order was very pleasant and didn't pester us or anything, and a nice lady that appeared to be the owner came out and said hi and asked our opinions on the food.  I left feeling they really cared about delivering a high quality meal, and will definitely be back.
5	A friend and I just happen to be referred to this undiscovered gem in North Phoenix.  I will have to say pleasantly surprised at how flavorful and spicy the food was.  Was expecting the normal when it comes to Indian food for Phoenix.  I will say, this has to be by far the best Indian food I have eaten in all of the Phoenix metro area.
5	New restaurant,  innovative northern Indian cuisine,  executed perfectly. First visit we had the following from the lunch menu, Chicken Tikka Masala, Dal Makhani, Naan, Fire Cracker Chicken. Unsweetened iced tea, and Chai tea. Everything was amazing! We will be back!
5	We ate there today for lunch! The food was wonderful. Perfectly seasoned and prepared. A definite return is in order.
5	Off to order another delicious Samosa Chatt. $6.50 for a filling/ tasty lunch. Love this place! Fresh food finally here on the north side.
5	One word.. Lamb! This is a great family owned Indian  bistro with amazing food. We had a little of everything with not one disappointment. Our top recommendations are the lamb chops (best lamb we've ever had) saag paneer, papri chaat and samosa puri. Ask for the mango drink it mixes deliciously with all the amazing spices.. End It with pistachio ice cream and your life will be complete!!
1	I am giving 1 star because we never even tasted the food. There was one waitress and she was completely overwhelmed. I actually felt sorry for her. We waited 10 minutes just to get our menus. We waited another 30 minutes and still nobody took our order. We paid for our drinks and left. Unfortunately, we had to leave in order to get back to our office. We set aside time to specifically try out Saffron but were disappointed. Maybe we will try again in the future.
5	Our second visit, and still amazed!!! Try the Pani Puri for a refreshingly unique appetizer experience!!
5	Our first visit and certainly it will not be the last. Our expectations were greatly exceeded. The food was excellent and we like how they have diversity in the menu selection. The prices were reasonable and decent portions.
5	3rd time,  never disappointed! !!! Chicken Vindaloo was amazing.  If you haven't gone here yet,  it is a must do in the west valley!
4	Food is excellent! Definitely give it a try here. Yes, the other Indian places around this area are not that great. However, when I went to this place, the service was very slow. There were not that many people inside. It was my family (3) and 3 other families inside.Also, the price is quite high for the portion size. And I can't believe rice and the bread are extra! You know how restaurants have a side of bread or rice with meals? This one didn't so it was disappointing. Luckily, the flavor of their food was excellent. Hence the 4 stars.
5	We tried samosa chat and chole bhatura. Food taste was really fresh and flavored. Cozy decor with very friendly staff and owner. Worth going again.
1	Please read this review. whoa ! there is no option for No STARS. I would have given that to this place. bad bad experience eating there once. We are North-Indians we know our food. The food was soo bland and not very professionally cooked, it was like some aunty trying to cook restaurant food. Very very small portions. But here is the best part, when the bill arrived everything was marked at $1 extra $2 extra. I asked the server to please look at this bill everything is marked at a higher price, she came back and said no everything is alright . That is when I explained her everything like she was a Child, "see the price in the menu now see the price on the bill can you see the difference", then she took the bill back and reduced some amount and still it was incorrect. All this while the owner lady was watching but decided not to get into it or even come to us to ask what was happening and if she could help us. At this point i was like are you kidding me, opening a restaurant and inflating prices from what you wrote in the menu... I went up to the counter i said, please look at the bill again it is STILL INACCURATE. The owner lady said, "Relax, please don't stress". Now I was really calm, i thought "Why would I be stressed, its your business, and your customer is upset, you are fooling them. You better be stressed" i was just watching her get really confused and not able to manage anything at all... then she gave me rest of the amount back in loose change. She kept on saying there is something wrong with the package here the software that calculates and generates the bill. We had such a bad experience, we will never go back there again and told everyone we know about what happened, everyone who heard the story was furious.Get your ACT together Ma'am.
