4	Super health minded prepared meals and snacks.  Worthy of a stop in for any person short on time and big on health.
5	This place is great for the person who wants to eat better but really doesn't have the time or know how to put together good and healthy meals!  The food is healthy, well proportioned, convenient and pretty yummy too.  You can eat there, grab & go or pick up meals for several days and the prices are reasonable.  The staff is super friendly and knowledgeable and will show you how it works with no pressure. I just started the 21 day challenge.  Liz is my coach.  She spent a good hour asking me about my life style, goals and challenges and then she explained how it all works in terms that made sense and were motivating. Basically, its like this...Liz picks out everything that I'm going to eat during the challenge and even gave me a schedule for what time to eat.  All I have to do is pick up my meals 2X a week.  On top of that, Liz  will call me or email me daily to make sure I'm doing alright and to hold me accountable.  Also, if I'm in a situation where I can't eat My Fit Foods...like a client dinner or I'm traveling for work, Liz will help me with choices.  Seriously, she said that I can just tell her where I'm going and she'll figure it out.Literally, I don't have to shop, cook or clean.  I don't have have to worry about making the right choice because all the right choices are being made for me.  I mean, I'm pretty sure that every excuse for not getting in to better habits has been obliterated.  Now, we'll just see if it works.
5	So its the third week of January and I like many of you have a new years resolution of getting into better shape. We can all go to the gym drink all the water we need and eat healthy when we plan, but what if that plan goes right out of the window due to your hectic daily life? I know what I do I tend to try and eat something fast that is "healthy" Well much to my surprise most fast "healthy " options are as about as healthy as a snickers bar. But My Fit Foods is different. It is a great concept with pre-made, pre-portioned and delicious meals ready for you on the spot. They also have a very knowledgeable and approachable staff. Their staff doesn't try and corner you into buying a bunch of stuff that will be the answer to all of your problems. I stopped in for a quick bite in between meetings  and was greeted immediately. I was recommend to the turkey meatloaf with sweet potato walnut mash. I was very happy with it and the price! This place has a lot to offer that I haven't even had a chance to look at yet like their 21 day challenge, nutrition coaching and I am sure of a lot more. If you are looking for a well priced truly healthy meal for your on the go life style then My Fit Foods is your answer.
3	After a busy and exciting first day back in school (last semester in college was seven years ago!), I was hungry and unsuccessful in finding anything interesting near the college.  I decided to find something close to home, but was distracted and missed my exit.  I soon found myself near Gainey Ranch.  I spotted a new restaurant there and decided to check it out, and soon found myself in the parking lot of not where I wanted to go to, but of My Fit Foods.  From the outside, MFF looked like a GNC, or a vitamin shop.  A quick check on the Yelp app confirmed that it was a pre-packaged health food place where I might find something quick to eat.I went in and headed straight to the refrigerated section to see what everyone else was searching through and found pre-packaged foods from floor-to-ceiling.  There were breakfast items, such as burrito wraps and oatmeal combos, as well as small to large servings of lunch and dinner options, as well as some snack items.  Since these were pre-packaged, I quickly decided I'd have to look for nutritional and ingredients' info online, or I would be taking a lot of someone's precious time investigating for food allergens.  I met Brian, who quickly kept me from leaving, and instead, told me he would help me w/ identifying which foods I would have to stay away from.  A few minutes later, we were left w/ less than two handfuls' of items to choose from-- what a friendly and upbeat guy!  (Qualities of a great salesman.)  He even invited me to take a dish home to try, gratis!  I asked if there was a membership I could sign up for, and he said yes, I could open up a "house account," where for $500, I would save 5% on purchases, whereby giving me $525 to spend however I choose, whenever I choose.  I could walk in and choose the items I wanted, or I could place the order online or by phone, and then come in whenever it's convenient for me (during business hours, that is) to pick up my order.  If I only didn't have so many food allergies to contend with, I think the products here are a convenient way to ensure I eat healthily, following a low-carb 40/40/20 diet, and lose weight, if I choose to.  I must admit that while the tofu, spinach, salsa, and quinoa-stuffed yellow bell pepper meal I tried was bland at the start, after adding a little bit of salt, it was actually quite delicious, and very satisfying!  Thank you for the inspiration on how to prepare a new dish, Brian!  While I may not become a regular customer, I would definitely recommend My Fit Foods to anyone I know who would like to be able to eat healthier and lose weight, and who would not want to, or could not, prepare every meal they eat themselves.  These pre-packaged foods are perfect to take w/ you to work.  Just heat, and eat!  A quick note: There is a nutritionist on-staff, who you may speak with if you have any other concerns that a regular staffer may not be able to address, although Brian was very thorough.  I'm not sure, but I would think that getting a more-personalized menu might be possible.  I'll have to inquire more the next time I stop by to confirm this!
4	I was in the neighborhood and decided to stop by for a quick bite - not knowing anything about it. Having been the previous locations of Dish and The Kitchen, I thought it would be something similar... but was surprised to see it was more of a take out / healthy tv dinner concept. I got a great little intro to the place from the staff and purchased their turkey meatloaf/mashed sweet potato recommendation and warmed it up there... YUM! My only hesitation was that the packaging was in plastic... and microwaving plastic just doesn't seem healthy. The prices are reasonable and if you are looking for glutton free - there are a ton of options... however it would be nice if they explored different packaging... maybe the paper boxes? I'd go again for the food, but may opt to bring home and warm up on a plate or in glass...
5	The food is seriously amazing. Healthy, good fast food is such a rarity. One can eat Subway a few times before you never want to go back. MFF has a nice variety to choose from for any meal. The meal plans are helpful but if you already cook a lot, prolly don't need to do it. I grab a few lunch meals and keep them in my work fridge for the week.
5	Great awesome fantastic what else can I say. I started getting all of my food breakfast lunch and dinner plus snacks in February now two months or so later I am down 30 pounds and my blood pressure is way down also. Good healthy food and great people what more can you want?
5	I like eating healthy but like good tasting food too. I stopped in to pick up a quick take out lunch. I liked that they had lots of choices for lower calories than most  healthy choice restaurants. And the food was good. Chicken and sweet potato was pretty tasty. What impressed me most were the women who worked there. Very helpful, courteous and gave real recommendations without being pushy. I felt comfortable asking questions and taking my time to choose. I  will be back!
4	I walked in and told the cashier I had never been here before. A customer who over heard me turned around and said this place is great, you will be addicted. I bought a chicken taco bowl for today's lunch and chicken enchiladas for tomorrows lunch (I apparently like Mexican food). Both meals look fabulous and are packaged very nicely. I got back to work and heated the taco bowl up. It was very good. It had lots of flavor and was very fresh. It defiantly did not taste like one of those frozen prepackage meal that I am sure we have all eaten (Healthy Choice, Smart Ones, Lean Cuisine). My only complaint was the price. I feel like 6.95 is a little spendy for the amount of food you get especially when those other pre packaged meals are around $2 a piece. However the whole point of eating fit is portion control. They do have 2 challenges. One is a 3 day challenge for $75 and the other is a 21 day challenge for $500. Each day comes with 2 snacks, breakfast, lunch and dinner. I will not be partaking in the challenges but I would defiantly pick up a meal or 2 during the work week for my lunch.about a minute ago
4	My Fit Foods was a very unique healthy fast food type of a place.  It is not prototypical fast food in the sense the food is prepared right in front of you real fast.  The food is already made, but there are several selections for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and snacks.  All of the items are roughly 300 calories or less.  The serving portion is smaller, but it is just right for any normal human being.I just got finished from playing tennis, and I was hankering something spicy for some reason.  I went with the Indian choice option, and it tasted very much like Indian food, and the best part is that it was very healthy.You can either heat up the food there in the microwaves or take it home to eat.
4	A great option in the area if you're looking for healthy, pre-made meals. They have breakfast, snack, lunch and dinner options. I tried the buffalo chicken wrap as well as the salmon. The buffalo chicken wrap was excellent, but at 300 calories, it was half of a wrap with 5 carrots and a side of bleu cheese dressing. Good if you're on a diet for portion control, but may require more food if you're hungry.For dinner I had the salmon which was delicious. Just about 2 minutes in the microwave and you're set. This meal, on the other hand, completely filled me up. Prices range from $5-10 from what I could see. Very cool concept that I'm sure does well!
5	Just completed the 21 day challenge today, and I've been dying to write this review! I walked in 21 days ago, intending to just grab a healthy lunch after a friend told me about My Fit Foods. It took me about 5 minutes to be sold on the food (it's stuff I would normally eat anyway!), so I decided to press the easy button and sign up with Molly. This was probably the best decision of my life. I am reasonably fit, not considered overweight, and was hoping to lose only 8 lbs. so my clothes would fit better. I have struggled with blood sugar issues, adult acne, sluggishness, and anxiety my whole life but it had gotten particularly bad in the past 6 months. So you could say that I was meant to walk into this place when I did.On the 21 day challenge, you eat 3 meals a day plus 2 snacks so you are NEVER hungry. At least I wasn't. In fact, it's quite an adjustment to eat on a 3 hour schedule consistently. There were two times where I had to be away from a microwave or whatever for dinner, so I heated up my meals hours earlier and put them in a thermos. I did this for the turkey chili and happily gobbled it up at NYPD while my family chowed down on pizza.I found the food to be quite tasty, and much of it spicy which I like. I could eat this food the rest of my life and not feel like I'm missing out. But again, I was a pretty healthy eater to begin with.My results from the 21 day challenge:* I had really bad caffeine withdrawals the first 5-7 days (no caffeine or alcohol on the plan), not fun. Might want to pare down the caffeine slowly prior to embarking on the 21 day challenge. No alcohol wasn't an issue for me, I just drank caffeine free tea.* I lost 6.5 lbs, my goal was 8. This was my fault though, because my cheat meals (you are permitted 1 per week) were way overboard. One of them I did a full-on tasting and wine pairing (remember, you're not supposed to drink alcohol for the 21 days!)  I'm just going to continue for a couple more days until I get to my goal.* My nasal allergies totally stopped. I've had TWO sinus surgeries for chronic sinusitis. This was totally crazy and unexpected, and makes me think that I have food allergies or sensitivities that I need to get tested. I shudder to think I could've avoided two sinus surgeries in 5 years by changing my diet.* My acne is GONE. Totally gone. I wonder if it was the dairy I was drinking/eating before? * My shakiness, night sweats, anxiety, and heart palpitations related to blood sugar fluctuations are completely gone.* I am WAY calmer with my kids! I really think the caffeine increased my cortisol/stress hormone levels through the roof. You don't realize how dependent you are until you go through withdrawals.* This is probably the strangest one and too-much-information, but my PMS disappeared too. I searched diet changes & PMS and found that everything that is suggested to ease PMS symptoms are in this diet (reduce caffeine, low fat diet, keep blood sugar stable, take B vitamins). It never even occurred to me that diet & PMS were related.* I wake up in a good mood and ready to start the day. I have never been a morning person, especially without caffeine. I am addicted to the Fit Foods morning drink (cranberry juice, water, 1/2 squeezed lemon, 1-2 oz liquid B-12, apple cider vinegar). I will drink it the rest of my life!I can't thank you enough Molly & My Fit Foods!
5	Okay, this place is amazing. Healthy meals,  gluten-free options, decent portions and you can choose small, medium or large size. Calories right on the packaging. Cut up portions, microwavable containers. I love this because at work I sometimes have very brief breaks so I can eat the "snack" portions and then eat a lunch or dinner when I have more time. Great concept, reasonable prices and the food is prepared right there on the other side of a glass wall. Clean prep area so you know what you are getting. I'm just mad I discovered this place now after driving by it for a year. Stop in and check it out. They have a 21 day challenge you can take also.
5	I can't possibly say one bad thing about this place.  I have been going here for 6 months or so now and I don't know what I would do without it! My husband is equally as obsessed.  It takes some time to figure out what you love and don't love and I even find myself on a "kick" of eating certain meals because it's THAT good! I know some people have an issue with the price but I couldn't make this food at home for the price of a MFF meal (trust me I have tried).  I either throw away uneaten portions, get sick of the same thing over and over again or just can't get it flavorful enough while still keeping it clean, low cal and gluten free.  Make sure you try to My Fit Cocktail! I am drinking it as I type this review :) Since I have started eating gluten free I have had ZERO sinus issues, my autoimmune condition has cleared up and I have lost about 5 pounds.  Try a 21 day challenge and you will never go back!
4	I'm all about healthy eating... most of the time.  I'm also all about enjoying some not-so-healthy splurges on occasion; everything in moderation, right?  And lastly, I'm going on my 38th week of being pregnant, and throughout this pregnancy, I have to admit, I've been extremely time-challenged and not had much desire to cook.  Enter My Fit Foods...My husband started picking up some meals and snacks from MFF sometime within the last 10 months.  We've actually given them a ton of business, and I'm sure will continue to do so considering we enjoy the quality of their food, the portion sizes, convenience, the service, etc... oh yeah - and the fact that they are healthy too!Sure, it can be pricey, and I advise only purchasing what you know you'll eat within a few days.  We've had a few instances where the food sits too long and goes past expiration date and goes to waste.  But, when you plan ahead, MFF really is fabulous.Some of our favorite dishes:*Breakfast: protein pancakes and oat bakes - our toddler loves the pancakes and I love the oat bakes!*Lunch / Dinner: I enjoy most of the salmon and chicken dishes.  The cobb and/or greek salads aren't bad either.  My husband is also a fan of Denyse's Killuh Chili; I have yet to try it though.*Snacks: almond butter crunch / fit-to-go***I'm not a big fan of the bars or cookies, and I don't recommend the wrap sandwiches either.  I do however love that they sell Chobani yogurt.  It's my favorite but I purchase it at the grocery store.As soon as this baby arrives and I'm ready to get fit and drop the lbs I've been putting on, I may consider one of MFF's 21 day challenges.  Let me know if you're interested in joining me!
5	I have been into My Fit Foods off and on in the past & I have always had a positive outcome.Recently I have started the 21 day challenge and had the pleasure of meeting with Molly for the FREE nutritional counseling that My Fit Foods offered me. A GREAT added bonus for buying my food here.I am currently training for a fitness competition next year and I am doing this to try and make an easier transition into the diet and making healthier choices with my diet. Molly and the team at My Fit Foods has been great about helping me with this transition. They call to remind me of my pick ups and make it easy for me to get around my likes and dislikes and still stay on track.I would recommend this to anyone looking to break their bad dietary habits, get back on track and more or less get some good nutritional education. Thanks,Kelly Kristen
4	A breath of fresh air really... I visited MFF for the first time today and the friendly and no pressure staff made it easy. I am just trying it out and bought enough items to last me three days. I actually could not wait to get home to try it out and have my first snack which consisted of cubed chicken, grapes, walnuts as well as orange and grapefruit segments and it was delicious. It's hard to fault the quality as everything was super fresh and just perfectly portioned. For dinner I had their chicken with sauteed vegetables and thought it was also quite tasty...As for the price...well it's not exactly cheap but neither is going out to eat --I like the fact the items are prepared fresh and all you have to do is heat it up...I love the time saving factor, the  no messiness of it all and the fact I can plan my meals with ease knowing that will be eating something healthy while accomplishing my fitness goals!
1	What a great concept MFF is. I ate the food at the Scottsdale location on and off for about a year. Not everyday, but frequently enough to say I was a regular. The menu never changed and I was ok with that - healthy food comes at a cost, and it doesn't always taste great. The results are what matter.After a year I was so burnt out, I could no longer force the bland meals down. I had a few favorites that I would come back to, but overall there wasn't much change. Then I went to MFF in Southlake, Texas this past Christmas. The meals were great and I was excited that they changed the menu and added some new items. Fast forward to this week. I had some of those same new items at the Scottsdale location. The Pork Tacos were so tough, fatty and overcooked that I threw away the whole meal. Angry. The corn tortillas are rock hard after you microwave them. Absolutely pathetic food. I was also disappointed that the breakfast staple "Good Morning Sunshine" had been changed. She told me they now add tomato sauce to the ground turkey. Terrible idea. I've decided that the chefs at the Scottsdale location use low quality ingredients and don't cook up to the standard of other MFF locations. Time to try Sunfare here in AZ.
4	First off, I would like to say that I was kinda upset at myself that it took me 12 days (out of 14) to discover this place. I walked in about 10 minutes before they closed, I hate doing this but I was starving. The 2 young ladies were more than helpful and willing to stay open a little later for me. I am currently enjoying the Paleo diet. If you don't know about it look it up. But it is kinda a pain to do when you are traveling. OK its a huge pain. This store though helped me out. Wish I would have found it earlier. They cater there food to different diet restrictions, paleo, gluten free... you get the gist. The have all meals covered, breakfast, lunch and dinner. I didn't think that I would be full with the large portion so I purchased the large and medium. It was a wise choice. I took home (hotel room)some pork and some chicken. Popped them in the micro and BAM hot food! If you can eat anywhere or anything, this might not be your best stop. BUT if your looking for ready made Paleo food...STOP HERE!!!
2	I have been going to My Fit Foods for about 6 months, I have referred several people and love the concept.  Sadly, after one more inconsistent meal, I've given up.  The first few months were great but since then, inconsistent meals every time!  I mentioned the inconsistencies on a few occasions but it has not improved. The breakfast tacos were my favorite but on several occasions the spice was so overpowering and hot that I couldn't even enjoy them.  (And I LOVE really hot SPICY food, these were beyond spicy hot, today, they were inedible).  The corn shells were apparently old as they completely crumbled and would have needed to be eaten with a fork.  They were already broken apart when I opened the container so I find it hard to believe whomever was preparing the food didn't realise there was an issue.I really wanted to love this place..... great concept and everyone that works there is beyond friendly!  They just really need to work on consistency of their meals and quality of food being used. :(
5	Love this place. Perfectly portioned meals in small, medium and large. Not to mention 21 day challenge is awesome. U only have to pay for the food not the nutritionist advice. They make everything fresh and super easy for u to go in and pick up. Great drinks too. Healthy versions of soda that tastes like soda but without the bad additives and sugar. I will keep coming back!!!!
5	I have recently been diagnosed with whey and egg intolerance and that makes eating out difficult, especially at lunch time on a busy work day.  Tired of the same old salads at Trader Joe's I called this place up to ask what they could offer me.  Ashley assisted in planning both mine and my boss' lunch menu for the remainder of the week.  The first meals we ate: salmon cakes with asparagus for my boss and butternut pork with veggies for me.  My boss was impressed with the quality of the salmon cakes which he promptly inhaled.  I thoroughly enjoyed my butternut pork and veggies.  Both only took 2 minutes to warm up in the microwave and I can definitely say that I am very happy with the quality, the flavor and the options.I did, however, contact the company to find out their allergen information and received it within the hour of e mailing them.  With a handy dandy little list in hand I will definitely be adding this place to my list of healthy dining options for lunch.
