4	I was referred to Dr. Mendelson after dealing with chronic sinusitis and breathing problems.  After a couple appointments and a CAT scan, we determined that surgery would be the best way to fix my issues.  The surgery and post-op followups all went by without complications, and I'm now much better than I was.  Throughout the care, the doctor let me know exactly what was and wasn't going on, discussed my options with me, and helped me make informed decisions on my care.  I'll admit that sometimes the face-time with the doctor was a little sparse, but he got the job done well and I'm quite thrilled about my rediscovered ability to breathe clearly again.Nearly all of my appointments happened on time. The one exception was a day when he had to deal with an emergency case that set the other appointments back.  His nurses and PA are all awesome and provided excellent care.  His office staff are pretty okay - there would be times when they'd get their hands a little more full than they could handle, but I was never left hanging by them for an inappropriate amount of time.
1	Recently moved to AZ, and made an appointment with Dr. Mendelson to move history, meds and address chronic remission issues.All I got for my dollar appointment was a $140 dollar patronizing scold,I would highly recommend finding a doctor who actually cares about his patients and their issues.
5	In Oct. of 2009, I had Dr. Mendelson as my doctor to perform a deviated septum surgery on my nose at Tempe St. Luke's Hospital.  Although Dr. Mendelson may not have the most outgoing personality, he is an excellent surgeon.  He was referred to me by my primary care physician who knew I was tired of having continued sinus infection problems season over season.  Testing revealed that I was not experiencing the type of sinus drainage that was normal, thus the surgery would correct this problem.  I can tell you that I do not suffer from any of the sinus congestion and infection problems I routinely experienced, especially during spring allergy season, historically.  My breathing was corrected and I can actually sleep horizontal with my mouth closed at night now, which I never could do before due to the blockage.  I'm greatful for having had Dr. Mendelson as my surgeon and would highly recommend him.
1	After not seeing him for two years, i needed to go back in for a new prescription for my CPAP mask, and I had not seen him for two years because of the office staff. I was told they had new office staff and my experiance would be much better, not the case.  I get to the appointment and I am told it is a 45 minute wait, you take all my information you could not call and tell me, no.  Then I call weeks later to ask about my prescription that they are to fax in,  and they have not done anything.  I talk to the office manager, she assures me they will get it out.  Next week i call and nothing.  Seven weeks later I talked with the office manager and she assures me that they will get it in, well they did finally fax it in.  Now two more weeks later I am waiting on Apria, i call them, they had to call the dr's office because they did not fill the prescirption out correctly.  I am being told next week i should be able to receive the new mask for my CPAP machine.  If the office can not get this correct, I am not willing to risk having him operate on my deviated septum, not worth the risk.
4	I had a weird scratchy/sore throat and wanted to have it checked out. I knew it wasnt strep, but was worried that it may have been nodes (Im a singer, and nodes are common).I searched thru my insurance and came up w/ ENT Specialists located in the building next to Tempe St Lukes Hospital. I was greeted the minute I walked through the door. I had taken the receptionists advice about downloading the registration forms from their website and filling them out before I came in, so I waited all of 10 minutes.The receptionist, nurse, and doctor I had were all very nice. My doctor was very chatty, and made me feel at ease. She gave me my diagnosis (Vocal Reflux)  and let me go. I was in and out in 40 minutes.I would absolutely recommend this office to anyone w/ a throat problem.
1	I had been referred to DR Mendelson from my primary physician. I did not like his beside manner on first impression. he scheduled me for a fine needle aspiration. on the day of the procedure i sat in the room for a half an  hour and when he finally did come in he swabbed my neck and stuck the needle in and was done in less than 30 seconds. the lymph node swelled up almost immediately. I knew then that I needed a new doctor. he charged thousand of dollars for that 10 to be exact. I was able to get scheduled at the May clinic. they did an  Aspiration with  the help of a sonogram and the procedure took a half an hour. no pain, and they got good samples.  on follow up Dr. Mendelson wanted to schedule surgery to remove the lymph node. we told him we were going to the May clinic. at the Mayo they scheduled me for a PET scan and found the potential cancer in my throat. they removed the lymph and cancer in one surgery. I would have had to have multiple surgeries with Mendelson. please if you have cancer  run for your life. I was lucky he is not the only game in town.
1	On each of the three occasions I went to this office to see the doctor I had to wait a minimum of 45 minutes past my appointment time to see him. On the other occasion that I went in for an allergy test the staff forgot about me in the back room. They were not considerate with my time and the fact that I was taking off time from work to be there and had to get back. I came in with a boring case of allergies, and when I told the doctor I did not like using nasal sprays, he just wrote me a prescription for a different nasal spray. When that, and over the counter allergy medicines did not work he gave me the limited options of taking drops at 4$ a day (which I can't afford) or coming in to the office every month for injections (for which I do not have the time, especially at this office.) by the end I was being booked for the same test every month so they could confirm that there was still fluid in my ears, which of course there was as my condition never improved. At least the doctor was not pushy with his treatments.
1	Horrible place...I believe I saw Linda MacConnell.  I was also put in a room and waited and waited, someone from the staff opened the door and said I was put in the wrong room.  Dr MacConnell laughed at the reason why I was there, didn't give the medication I needed.  I now I have ER bills thxs to her and a month and half has gone by based on her bogus findings.  $45  to lie on a table and fall backwards to see my reflexes for 2 minutes, what a joke.
1	The entire staff at this office is completely incompetent. I went here in Jan 2012, and after waiting AN HOUR past my appointment time, I was finally taken back to the exam room. I had been experiencing a sharp ear pain and all I wanted was some medicated ear drops.... Dr Mendelson prescribed me NASAL SPRAY. In addition they made me do a hearing test which came back normal (which btw that lady treated me like I was 5 years old and special needs). I think the staff should take the hearing test themselves because THEY DON'T LISTEN to anything their patients tell them. I left the office in tears.
3	The office staff is getting better.  I will over look that I got called back 45 minutes after my arrival time, but that seems to be any specialist anymore other than my allergist.  The techs were great, I think it was Storm that followed up with me yesterday on my copay for my surgery and was really nice.  Keep up the good work with the Tempe staff.
5	My husband has seen Dr. David Mendelson in  both his Tempe & Mesa offices and surgery at Mtn. Vista Hospital on Crismon in Mesa plus E.R. treatment at the same hospital two consecutive Saturdays in March 2014.  Here is how we feel about them:1)  Dianna (pron. Deanna) in the Mesa office is THE BEST.  She is the most efficient, caring medical staff member we've seen in a long time plus a good sense of humor, which means a lot.  The other gals in the Mesa office are competent, too, but Dianna stands out.  Tempe office staff is okay but not quite the same upbeat personalities ... at least for us.2)  Dr. Mendelson started out aloof and not too personable, but has evolved into a practical physician who can interact effectively with his patients and pays attention to their complaints and concerns and addresses 'em.  He no longer ignores important info we wrote on our medical forms.  He even has a sense of humor.  We like him!  We recommend him.  He is a good doctor who knows his schtuff.3)  After decades of nasal blockage, my husband is now able to breathe normally most of time and he get better nights' sleep thanks to Dr. Mendleson's surgical procedure 2.25.2014.4)  The hospital surgical and E.R. staff treated us promptly and well the three times we were at Mtn. Vista.  We had heard not-so-great stories about this hospital, but for us it was just what the doctor ordered ... so to speak. They served us well and professionally and in a timely manner.  5)  If anything should happen to change our opinions, we will post updates.  We are NOT expecting that to happen.--Ann of 1000 Words When Fewer Should Do Her
5	My son was born with a tongue tie. We had numerous problems with another ENT and his unwillingness to help knowing that it was causing eatting issues for our baby. i was reffered to DR. Miller of ENT specialist of Arizona. I had already been there before because Dr. Medleson had placed tubes in my daughters ears two years previous. Once again I was pleased with the office staff(mesa location). They were extremely friendly and went above and beyond to help me with my insurance to get the aproval in a timely manner. Dr. Miller was very kind and personable and thorogh. i could not asked for a better experiance and am extremly grateful for ENT Specialist of Arizona
1	I am looking for a new ENT. I've seen Dr. Mendelson 4 times and am not impressed with numerous things. 1. His bedside manor leaves much to be desired. He rushes in, spends a couple of minutes with you then spends the majority of time dictating his report in the computer. His is much more personal with the microphone that with the actual patient. Makes it seem like we had some in depth conversation about possible treatment plans, which we didn't at all. 2. He does not spend much time explaining your diagnosis and all the possible options and what those mean. He said I was a good candidate for surgery, but didn't explain why, what that entails or how I would benefit. I tried to press for more information, but didn't get much. He basically just said let me know what you want to do and rushed out while I was still grasping for information. 3. I wasn't seen until OVER an HOUR past my appt. time.
