4	Great food and beautifully presented. Very friendly and attentive staff.
4	Great place we stumbled upon after roaming around the St.Catherines/Crescent area in Montreal. Crispy beef appetizer was a bit overdone (maybe cut the beef thinner?), but the flavor was outstanding. We ordered two entrees - green curry chicken and chicken with cashews and both were excellent. Skipped dessert.
2	I hadn't been to this restaurant in over 4 years. From what I remembered, it was one of the best Thai place in the city so I was looking forward to go back! In the end, it was overall a good meal but still a disappointment! I would say the food is still pretty good and flavorful in general. For appetizer, we had a duck salad which was a little bit sour. Too much lime and I didn't like the fact that it was minced duck. I would have much rather preferred sliced duck. We then had the pad thai (only 2 shrimps) and the chicken with peanut sauce with crispy spinach, both very good.Why 3 stars? First I thought the service was very slow. We were the only ones in the restaurant. I understand there was a big take out order but still! Second, the bill came to close to 60$ for 1 appetizer, 2 main dishes and 1 bowl of rice!  I don't expect to pay this much for an Asian restaurant (beside sushi). I just think they've been taking advantage of their success in the last few years to raise their prices.
4	Crazy good.There are too many dishes here that I like.  its a staple for me when I am in montreal. Crab, yellow curry, eggplant to name a phew all top my list.The owner is a really nice man who has on multiple occasions kept his kitchen and restaurant open for just me and my friends/coworkers who came in late from a late flight.  The staff are friendly and seem to enjoy working there, which translates into a great environment.  Oh, and their soups are ridiculously good...and when you're in montreal and it's freezing its the perfect soup to wake you up...especially with some hot sauce!
3	Quaint, cozy little Thai spot. The atmosphere was very comfortable as well. I personally thought the service was a bit slow, but overall decent. The waiters took awhile to come by and clear our plates and also to give us the bill. But enough about that, let's talk food. The soups were honestly the highlight of the night. My boyfriend had an amazing shrimp mushroom coconut soup while I had a superb shrimp tom yum soup. It was really rich in flavor. For the main, I ordered mushrooms with thai basil and boy, was it super spicy.  This dish had 3 chili pepper signs next to it on the menu, but I think it actually tasted like 4 chili peppers. But I like spicy food so I didn't mind. My friend had a brown curry called panang with tofu. That was really good too. My boyfriend and his friend both ordered the shrimp pad thai which was both disappointing surprisingly. My bf said the sauce overpowered everything while his friend seemed to like it. Basically, soups were the best. Mains were just ok. And service was not bad, but could have been better...started off ok but then got slower in the end., Wouldn't mind going again to try other soups and dishes.
4	Best Thai Basil Beef Stir-Fry, bar none.
4	Phayathai is a cute restaurant with a cozy feeling to it. I visited along with a group of friends to celebrate a birthday, and we had a great time! I wouldn't be ready to admit that the food here is mind blowing, but I definitely liked the ambiance. I tried the Chicken Pad See Eaw, which met my expectations but did not impress me in any kind of way. However, I tasted some of my friend's dishes and found them quite delicious! My conclusion? I might have chosen a dish that was too simple, and I will have to visit again to try some of their other dishes!
3	I'm not an expert on Thai food but everything I tasted was good. For appetizers, we had a shrimp tom yum, which was listed as 2 chilis on the spicy scale, and was nicely perfumed as well; spring rolls, imperial rolls, (which I didn't taste but which my dining companions enjoyed very much); a papaya salad that was quite spicy; and a salad of beef sauteed with chilis that was nice and tender.Mains were a red curry of pork and bamboo shoots; a green curry loaded with fish, squid and shrimp as well as zucchini and Thai eggplant; noodles with chicken and basil; and bbq crispy duck. I expected the green curry to be hotter than the red but they were about the same. I was disappointed with the noodles as I couldn't seem to locate the meat in it. The duck, on the other hand, was wonderfully crispy on the outside and succulent on the inside. The sauce complemented it nicely without overpowering it.We had green tea icecream and mango icecream for dessert. It was the usual fare - nothing to write home about. However, the banana fritters were light and crispy, which is rare.The decor is classy and discreet, and the staff were friendly and helpful. It was not cheap though at $150 (inc tax, sans tip), considering we drank tea. I enjoyed my food quite a lot but wouldn't rave about it.
3	Not bad.  It's a nice, popular restaurant with friendly service and an extensive menu, but the couple of dishes I've had here have been a little overpriced and greasier than they probably should be.
3	That was my first try on Thai food, so I cannot give a very expertise review. But what I can tell is that the food didn't excite my stomach. We ordered coconut milk soup, coconut milk shrimp, bamboo rice, a kind of duck, etc. we didn't finish all the things.  Around 50$ per person in the end.
4	Fantastic Thai food. Had the coconut seafood soup. Pad Thai. Red curry shrimp. Green curry veg. Whack of deserts. Far too much Sing Ha!Outstanding location for authentic Thai food. I'll be back next time I am in town.
5	I went there like many years ago, couldnt remember how good it was until i went back. My friend from korea was in visit for 2 weeks and she has been craving for thai food, which she was completely delighted! The waiters are so kind and good service as well :) Recommend it to anyone!
5	This is a pleasant and unassuming restaurant that dares to stray away from the usual Thai menu and offer some unique dishes.  The service is warm and kind, and if you engage them, eager to talk in detail about their food.Po Taek soup is a classic Thai seafood dish, and this was executed to perfection. The flavours were perfectly balanced, which can be hard to come by with this particular dish. The seafood was also quite generous in serving size and excellent in quality.We're huge fans of duck, and we'd never seen Larp Ped (Duck Lemongrass Salad) on a menu before. This lemongrass duck salad was a revelation, with a flavour profile that changed as you enjoyed the dishThe Kung Prik Sod, a  chili shrimp dish, was inevitable as the soup made it clear that the quality of the shrimp was fantastic, large, firm and sweet.Kob Phad Kha Poa caught our eye immediately; we've never seen frog's legs on a Thai menu, and served with "crispy basil"? We had to try it, and thank God we did! We love frog's legs, and these were the best we've ever had. Plump, meaty, juicy and flavour infused. Most notably however, was the crispy basil. These beautiful large basil leaves were carefully flash fried. We were so astounded at the texture and flavour we had to ask the server about them. He explained that they are carefully fried on a pan in a single layer, for no more than thirty seconds. Not only was it a trip to eat crispy basil, but the heat released the flavours normally locked in the leave's natural oil, making the taste unforgettable.Google our username to find our food blog :
5	I've eaten at a fancy restaurant in the middle east, that flies in chefs on rotation from Thailand to cook in their Thai restaurant, so I would think that the food was authentic and delicious, I'm pretty sure that Phayathai has the best pad thai I've ever tried, and we also ordered a spicy peanut sauce chicken - it was soooooo good. I can't wait to try the Green curry next time and compare it to the restaurant in the middle east as well as compare it to Bangkok Garden in Toronto.
