3	There are 2 separate open pools in this hotel. (I think another pool was under maintenance) Both are in the Oasis Pool Area. One pool has little "tables" in the middle for you to put your drinks on. The other pool is more of a family/playing pool.Both pools were about 3.5 feet deep and a good size for lounging around. But if you ever went you Mandalay Bay's Pool... this pool would seem like an kid's pool. But nonetheless, it was fun just to hang out here. There are also cocktail waitress walking around taking orders. Which I thought was pretty cool. They also have a snack bar and drink bar for all your munchy and alcohol needs.
4	I haven't been to a lot of the Vegas pools. I know they're the place to be since they're usually full of beautiful women and handsome men. Since I'm neither, I've never really felt the pool was for me. (not to mention the Vegas sun can be brutal and I despise sunburns). Eventually, I got over the sensitivity of my rotund physique and decided to pay the pool a visit.The Oasis Pool at the Luxor is exactly what I thought it would be. A large pool party with beautiful women, handsome men, and DJ booth pumping out Top 40 music. Everyone lapping up the sun while keeping cool with a cold drink. The entire pool area is surrounded by pool chairs and private cabanas (which can be rented for a price)There's actually 2 pools at the Luxor. The main pool is rather large and has a few little square islands where guests can sit and sunbathe. There's dozens of pool chairs all around the pool, but you'll find that most become occupied quickly unless you get to the pool early. The pool as a small store selling various souvenirs and pool toys. They also have a drink bar and snack bar. Servers will come around periodically to take drink orders. Drink prices are basically the same as you'd pay at a bar or nightclub. Since I like to enjoy myself when I'm on vacation, I ordered a bucket of beer just for myself ($30 for 5 bottles which you can mix n' match).You'd be surprised how quickly you become the envy of your pool chair neighbors when they see you carrying a bucket full of ice and beer bottles. I spent most of my time floating around, enjoying a cold drink and listening to the awesome music. It definitely made for a cool vibe.Right next to main pool is another large pool which is private. You can pay a small fee of $10 to have access to this pool and be guaranteed a pool chair. If you're willing to dish out more cash, you can have a better chair with an umbrella or even a private cabana. If you have the cash to blow, go for it. Personally, I don't think it's worth the money.Overall, I was surprised how much I actually enjoyed the Oasis pool. I'll have to make a point of visiting the pools again the next time I'm in Vegas (hopefully by then I won't look like a beached whale).Tips:-- Get there as early as you can to try and snag a pool chair or two.-- You can bring water bottles with you, but you CAN'T bring coolers to the pool.-- They provide towels. No need to bring your own.-- To avoid direct sunlight (and potential sunburn), hang out under the Luxor walkway which crosses over the pool. This will provide excellent shade.
3	The pool is a pool. There are 2 pools. The common pool is shallow. There are read you can place your $8 beer and $4 water on. The other pool is for private parties.If there is a pool party pay the extra $10-$20 to be in it.Even though they are next to eachother there is DEFINITLY a different vibe to it.
2	View (general): Meh.... you see the side of the Pyramid.  View (eye candy, if you know what I mean *wink wink*): Old(er)Pools: Only two were open when I went and they were small wade-y pools.Service:  Didn't order anything, but I didn't really see many waitresses walking around asking for drink orders.  Who knows, maybe I would have ordered something if I was asked.Overall, if you're staying here and like this stuff, head over and do yo thang.  But don't expect a great pool with activities.  There are no activities.
3	The pool is a pool. There are 2 pools. The common pool is shallow. There are read you can place your $8 beer and $4 water on. If there is a pool party pay the extra $10-$20 to be per person. Sometimes there are not enough chairs if there is a pool party.
3	I discovered this pool at the Luxor where I was staying on the last day. sigh, what a waste. The pool is massive, with a smaller pool and hot tubs littered about. They also have tons of seating and private cabanas. I didn't have to pay entry into the pool because I was staying at the hotel but I think it was $10. Drinks are available but I didn't order any. Good place to lounge around if that's your thing.
3	Yelp's 365 Review Challenge 2014 #165 - #365The Oasis Pool? Not much of an Oasis because this pool hardly has any trees for shade from the hot Vegas sun. They really need to renovate this pool and maybe make it more Egyptian to fit the theme. But anyways why does it matter because they are still dethemeing the property.Lots of ample seating and not so attractive cabanas and day beds.
3	I came to Oasis to meet up with some out of town friends who were staying at the Luxor during a holiday weekend so the pool area was PACKED. Luckily the pool is set up with a bunch of smaller pools so there was plenty of room to swim around and cool off. The line for the snack bar was outrageous and I rarely saw any waitresses walking around to take orders. There were attendants who cleaned up the area during the 2 hours that I was there. Each pool had a lifeguard and they blew their whistles often so their awareness of pool safety was apparent. The water itself was very cold for late August which was great and it was fairly clean. I didn't see any floating debris which is a good thing. :) There were plenty of towels and comfy lounge chairs. As a local, I may consider paying the entrance fee to come and cool off.
