5	ADOBE Veterinary clinic in Mesa, Arizona with Dr Heitman provides extraordinary service! My 3 lb toy poodle was mauled by two 75 lb / each, dogs who escaped their yard and snatched my toy poodle off the front porch. The dogs proceeded to pick her up and toss her a couple of times. The dog's head was larger than my toy poodle. She had bite marks in her neck and on her side. I called Dr Heitman who immediately returned my call even though it was after hours. He was very concerned and had me bring her in to see him. I was referred to Dr Heitman when I took my toy poodle for obedience training by a breeder and I trust him wholly! My toy poodle is now perfect and spunkier than ever; I will never go anywhere else! His rates are inexpensive and he is trained to exquisite expertise!
1	TERRIBLE SERVICE !!!The staff is just the WORST...I tried to get an appointment, the staff was not understanding the urgency.They were not sympathetic. The representative was VERY RUDE !!!I have been tring to get an appointment for the past 3 days, I was told, I would have to wait almost a week to get to be seen. I changed my dogs insurance carrier and I will not be visiting this office. I was told the veternarian was great but he needs new STAFF...
1	DO NOT GO HERE  or believe their prices on the phone. They lie. Quoted 118.99 for a cat spay told them I was needing 2 cats done. They told me $240 for both, I questioned whether or not that includes pain medication and was told yes. Made the appointment and dropped off cats in the morning. Was also told if they were in heat it would be more which I said no problem one was 6 months old the other is over a year. When we picked up our animals they cost had gone up with the explaination of we weree told it 286.00 for the 2 cats and they were both in heat. Called several vets all said 6 months old is impossible to be in heat. Even if I paid the additional for them both being in heat the price was still $37.00  more than that. The doctor was very friendly and offered to give 1/2 back in credit for his employee lying to me or misunderstanding as it was put. I was not complaining about the money I wanted them to be fair and stick to their quote they didn't I will pay another vet to remove the sutures from my cats and never retun to this clinic. If you choose to use them in the future get it in writing before you book a appointment. Good luck Adobe doctor seemed nice but kinda hope staff tanks you if your smart enough to stop them.
1	DO NOT GO HERE or believe their prices on the phone. They lie. Quoted 118.99 for a cat spay told them I was needing 2 cats done. They told me $240 for both, I questioned whether or not that includes pain medication and was told yes. Made the appointment and dropped off cats in the morning. Was also told if they were in heat it would be more which I said no problem one was 6 months old the other is over a year. When we picked up our animals they cost had gone up with the explaination of we weree told it 286.00 for the 2 cats and they were both in heat. Called several vets all said 6 months old is impossible to be in heat. Even if I paid the additional for them both being in heat the price was still $37.00 more than that. The doctor was very friendly and offered to give 1/2 back in credit for his employee lying to me or misunderstanding as it was put. I was not complaining about the money I wanted them to be fair and stick to their quote they didn't I will pay another vet to remove the sutures from my cats and never retun to this clinic. If you choose to use them in the future get it in writing before you book a appointment. Good luck Adobe doctor seemed nice but kinda hope staff tanks you if your smart enough to stop them.
5	I took my Corgi mix in today for an existing scratching problem, and a brand new scooching issue. The same day appointment was nice. The receptionist and vet tech were incredibly friendly. Everybody took time to pet my little guy and be nice to him. The veterinarian himself was very kind and laid back. Very thorough, but not quick to order excessive tests, etc. After a procedure (he was very gentle), we were on our way for MUCH less money than I had anticipated spending. It's a very nice clinic, so I was prepared for it to be expensive. Pleasently surprised by how reasonable the costs were. Vets like this are why my dog has no fear of going to the vet. I'm so excited to have found them.
5	I have been taking my pets here. As well as my family, since 1996.  Dr Heitman is compassionate and very good with animals as well as affordable.  I will never use another vet as he is the only one I trust when I hear stories of other vets prices and needless testing and procedures.  He has now expanded his practice and his two sons are now working with him as vets as well.
5	I have been going to Dr. Hietman for 8yrs. I've always been beyond satisfied with his care and services. Not only does he really care about each animal that comes in, he is extremely reasonable in his pricing. He has gone above and beyond on many occasions by calling me personally to let me know a surgery went well and my dog was in recovery. He's has also stayed late for my mothers dog to be seen when he could have easily gone home at the end of his long day and sent her to a emergency vet. Now he has had his sons join him in his practice and I know they share the same love for our animals that all animal parents do. I recommend this clinic not only for the care, cost but also for the staff as well....
