1	When I bought my water softener 8 years ago I knew that Culligan was one of the more expensive brands, but I had done a little research and it seemed like they had a good product.I'm sorry to say that I've had more that my fair share of problems with them.  My unit seems to break quite often, Culligan is the only company that can service it (no one else can get parts) their service calls are almost double ($135) the going rate - and they act as if their doing you a favor to come out.   The last time I called for service it was 2 weeks before they could come & then they showed up 5 hours late.I've scrapped my unit and moved on to another brand.
1	After appointment screw ups (too involved to lay out here, but talk about incompetence!), their high service call rate $139, with another $79 if you want them to look at more than one thing (can you believe it?), I canceled my appt., and am going to replace my water softener with something (anything) else, just to not have to deal with them anymore.  When my RO goes, I'll get a different brand then, too.
1	The service fees are ridiculous. I split paying their bill into two months because it was so high and they kept calling me. I don't know if their insolvent but their customer service is atrocious
1	We have had our Culligan unit for many years and it has broken down several times.  This time around when I called I was told it would cost $140 just to come and take a look at it.  No one else seems to service Culligan units so I agreed.  The first appt. I set was with a 7 a.m. to 3 p.m. window.  I sat here the whole day waiting.  NOTHING.  A tech. called me the following day saying he was coming out.  I could not take that day off to wait for him.  I rescheduled for a different day....this time given a 7 a.m. to 11 a.m. window.  Again, waited.  This time when I called I was told they were running late and wouldn't arrive for at least another 3 hours. This is unacceptable.  I am currently looking into purchasing a different unit so I do not have to deal with a company that does not value its customers time or keep its service appointments.  Maybe it's time to contact their corporate offices:http://www.culligan.com/en-us/d/company/contact-us/
1	Nice folks but the water softening system has a CAM/Piston that fails often.  Unless they change that I would not buy this unit.
