4	I absolutely love grocery shopping and I am overall a fan of Copps. The staff is sub-par....the check out people are a motly assortment of high school rejects and those who never made it to college. It doesn't really bother me though, I know what I am looking for as I do most of my grocery shopping here. Great selection of frozen dinners and the liquor is cheaper than most of the downtown liquor stores, what more could a college student ask for?
4	Became our normal grocery store until we figured out where Trader Joe's was. Prices were never too high and they had special events from time to time, such as beer tastings.
3	We go here for the 'bulk' of our grocery shopping because it is close and has moderately priced foods (not as cheap as woodman's but not as spendy as metcalfe's sentry). It is clean and has a pretty good selection at good prices. They often are out of some produce (yesterday it was pomegranates), and do not have a huge organic selection. They do not have organic/grass-fed beef so we go to Trader Joe's or Whole foods for that. They offer a discount for bringing your own bag and have 'fuel perks' which makes me feel like I'm saving money
1	Being a customer for 3 years, I feel this store is not honest on some of its products. Sometimes they put up sale signs of certain vegitables or fruits, which are totally ruined or of no use at all. Several days ago, I bought 10 mangos when they put up a sign saying 99 cents/unit. I got home and found out 8 our of 10 mangos are bad inside, although the outside looks absolutely gorgeous! Also, their broccollis have 80 percent weight on long stems and have very little crowns. It looks just like a long branch with a tiny crown on top. It just looks like a green space needle.... I think I am going to shop in Trader Joes or Woodmans from now. I utterly feel disgusted by the copps on University ave!
3	It's an OK because: - I come here to do my grocery shopping on a regular basis but- I should still go to other similar places to find something they don't sell.The price is a bargain, so it's not a bad choice at all.
1	I had the longest, most painful check out at Copps to the total indifference of the Manager standing 5 feet away intentionally ignoring the nice woman struggling with the checkout machine. I was also surrounded by 4 people that were suppose to be bagging my groceries but not 1 did. I did. I even turned to one who was just standing there and asked where the paper bags were and he just say, "We're out" and continues to watch me do his job. Again, their manager is 5 ft. away and is completely indifferent. Oh, and packed up the groceries of the nice couple behind me who were waiting and eventually moved to another line. Needless to say, my weekly visits to my local Copps are over. I'd prefer to drive further and possibly pay more at the Hyvee who clearly appreciates my business.
3	This Copps store is making strides in becoming a much better store than it used to be.Bigger produce selection, good meat/seafood selection, and all the basics you need for every week grocery shopping.  Good prices, too.Roundy's brand items are great! Now if they can just stop packing fruit at the bottom of the bag!!
3	Clean and comfortable, wide selection, friendly staff, but produce sometimes not in good shape at all. Be careful what produce you buy! Their generic brand is Roundy's which is fine. You need a Roundy's card to get additional discounts.
