3	This a totally fine hotel restaurant. The lunch menu is straight forward and done just fine, just a buck or two over-priced. A cobb salad will run you $13. A burger is $10. The layout and decor are pleasant. The staff does what they need to do. If you're at the hotel and need to eat here, don't worry, it'll be fine, but I wouldn't make a special trip to eat here.
2	The food was okay and what you would expect from a hotel restaurant, but everything was ridiculously overpriced ($5 for a grapefruit, $3 for tea that is identical to the free tea in your guest room). I could get over the prices, however, if it weren't for the terrible service.The hostess was unfriendly, unsmiling, and unhelpful. Our server was slow, rude, unhelpful, and unenthusiastic. It seemed other tables were experiencing the same poor service. I would never return.
3	I decided to eat here because I really didn't want to leave the hotel... and I wasn't very disappointed.  I was seated rather quickly and ordered the rib eye that came with broccoli and mashed potatoes and a salad.  The mashed taters could have been better - the steak was good - not great - but good.  I also ordered desert and it was awful!  Don't do it!  Overall - it was an average dining experience.  Nothing outstanding and nothing horrendous (EXCEPT THE CAKE - DON'T DO IT!) If you don't feel like getting out - this place will do.  It is over priced.  Like eating food in an airport.  You don't have another choice - so FORK it over... HA ! ;)
2	Dining on one of those restaurant.com certs. THe Heartland Grill has a limited menu. I ordered mahi mahi . The menu said it was served with cous cous, but the waiter (who was adequate) came back from the kitchen with a report that they "don't have any tonight."  He said I could have double green beans or mashed potatoes. I asked if perhaps I could have a baked potato ? "No, we have no baked potatoes," he noted. "How about fries?" I went with the fries. My left arm kept sticking to placemat, a kind of mesh through which some sticky substance had passed, but not been wiped.  We were sourrounded by un-bused tables nearby - until I raised my iPod to shoot this photo. The wine list was limited and way overpriced. Wines that sell for about $8 a bottle retail were listed at $7-10 per glass (a 4 oz pour). (They did use good wine glasses, to their credit.) No bread was offered (though it was served (and unbused) on other tables. My wife had to ask for it and then it was served with a thin sliver of butter. The "Fresh Green Salad" was very fresh and good, My entree was hot if a bit overdone, the "salsa" topping was OK and the fries fairly greasy. In summary, unless you're confined to the hotel without a car, you'll want to avoid this place. There are dozens of better menus and tasty options - as well as lots of very good values -- about a mile away on State Street and the Capitol Square Area. The Heartland Grill is pricey dining with not much to recommend it. I have another certificate for this place that I likely will never use and certainly wouldn't wish on a friend..
2	It was food. We had a restaurant.com gift cert, and that made me feel of with the experience.  The food was decent, but not great. Under seasoned steak and veggies.  The waiter was nice enough, but the place was empty.  Hotel food, hotel atmosphere.
4	This place was tasty! A couple of us on a work trip opted to eat here tonight instead of leaving the hotel. We each had a burger and they were cooked just as ordered, delicious cheese and nice crispy bacon. The waitress (the only one tonight!) was efficient and really friendly, I blame my old age on already forgetting her name.If you're here and don't want to take a shuttle or have a car, give it a try, the burgers and fries good!I guess over priced depends how you're looking at things.. we each got a tasty burger for $10, in my book, that's a pretty good deal.
3	Ok yeah there is really nothing around here within walking distance of the hotel. They have a good selection of beers on tap and the food isn't really that bad. The bar tenders (especially Jo) treats you well when you are here. They basically run the entire place later in the night and do a good job at it.Would I come out of my way to get here if I was in Madison? No. But will I go here if I am staying either at the Shereton or Holiday in? Of course. Where else can I stumble, err, walk home from?
3	I agree with many of the other reviews here. I travel frequently to Madison for work, and usually stay at a hotel just a block or so away from the Sheraton, where Heartland Grill is located.  The service is very hit-or-miss, although frankly I find it much better in the bar than the restaurant. You can order from the same menu in the bar. I have no complaints about the food, although they removed my favorite dish from the menu when they updated it--a filet mignon that was usually done exactly as I wished and quite tasty.  All in all, it's not bad at all, and certainly better than diner food or pub food. I plan to go back.
5	This place is really really good. Great service, and delicious food. I recommend the burger or walleye sandwich. We came up to stay at the hotel in an emergency situation and everyone has been incredibly welcoming and sweet. Cheers to the chef at this place! He's awesome.
