4	I took advantage of a Living Social deal to get pictures taken of my newborn baby. We went here to take pictures when he turned one month and again when he turned two months.On our first visit, we went on a Sunday morning and it was very busy. We decided to do family pictures and although our photographer was nice, we felt very rushed. I understand the rush since it was a busy day. The photographer still managed to get some cute shots so we were happy. When it was time to choose the pose we wanted, the salesperson was helpful and wasn't too pushy about upselling. Well, she didn't have to be since we we couldn't resist buying a lot more than what we intended. Our next visit was much better. We went on a Monday morning. There were other customers there but it wasn't nearly as hectic. Our photographer Joe was very good with our baby and made him smile a lot. We got a lot of really cute shots that we ended up buying the entire CD of images yet again. Our salesperson was also very nice and didn't rush us with choosing our images.We love going here to capture the moments of our growing baby. We will definitely be back again and again!
3	There was a deal on Living Social for a photo package so we decided it was time to do a picture of us and the brood. The place is really nice. The photo rooms have a large selection of backdrops which is really cool. Our photographer Joe was great. His personality and knowledge of what poses would work best really shined. The pictures came out beautiful. Except for the one with me doing a half blink. It looked like i was drunk...Everything went very smoothly until it was time to choose the pictures we wanted. Our Living Social deal was $18 dollars for 6 sheets of photos which is pretty good. The sales woman Dominique was pretty pushy. I understand that she works off commission and needs to make a living but dang. She was very robotic telling all the packages. it was like "lalalalalala this is $700".  Ummm I'm here for the $18 deal.  She asked me twice if i wanted the $450 package or the $700 package. Not to sound like a cheapo but those two amounts are a far cry from $18.I wanted an extra 10X13 picture. It was $18 extra, no problem. She told me it would be free if i got the $450 package. UMMMMM No Thankies. I think I will stick with kicking out an extra 18 bucks.Once she realized I was not going to buy those expensive packages, her whole demeanor changed and she was pretty dismissive. She didn't even look me in the eye when she handed the pictures over to me. I have had other businesses do the same thing when I came in with a  Groupon or Living Social deal. They have to realize that these deals are to introduce the public to their company. If we like the service, we will probably be back. But if you get shitty when you realize you weren't going to make commission ,  you are going to turn potential return business away.So my advice is be as nice as you can be, treat your customers how you would want to be treated. Its all about first impressions. If you do this, you will probably get return business. Families like their portraits done at least once a year. Hello!!!!I did like how fast they had the pictures ready. They were done in about 15 minutes.So in the end, it started off great, the pushy sales staff left a bitter taste in my mouth. I might consider going there again for the Living Social or Groupon deal.
4	Been here a few times for family pictures, pre-baby pictures (for my wife, not me..hehe), baptismal pictures and Holiday pictures.This place is nice and convenient to get to.  Just park by Kohls or Dillards.  All the photographers and staff are nice, but the photographer that we liked was Joe.  He took our son's baptismal pictures.  He has a great personality and was awesome with our son.  We plan on having him take our pictures everytime we go there.This place always has coupons in the mailer and you get more coupons after your session.
5	My wife and I went to this Picture People studio a few years ago and absolutely hated the experience.  I mean it was terrible!  The photographer looked upset and lacked any emotion.  The pictures came out terrible.  Since that day I never really had the intention to ever come back.  We had to update our family portrait.  Just recently a groupon was offered at a great price.  I bought the groupon and booked the appointment with some hesitation.  When we arrived to the studio we waited longer than expected but I understood this was normal given it's before Christmas.  We were greeted by the photographer named Kelsey.  She had a big smile and ushered us back to the studio.  I have 2 small children a 1 year old and a 3 year old.  Needless to say I was very nervous.  As we set up the pictures Kelsey blew us away.  She had a great attitude and made the girls smile.  She was patient and worked well the children.  She didn't put us in awkward poses.  She kept a big smile the whole time.  The pictures came out great!  We ended up purchasing all of the photos.  I am sol glad I gave Picture People another chance.  I made sure to tell the manager of the store how awesome she was.  The manager said she had to "clean house."  I am assuming that meant she got rid of the lifeless zombie photographers.  If you are looking for some fast family portraits then check out Picture People.  I don't give out 5 stars a lot.  I have to say never expected the experience this new staff provided.  So go and book your appointment.  Cheers!
1	HORRIBLE experience! Everyone working there is about 17 and doesn't have a clue what the hell they are doing. To top it off they lost most of our pics! Do NOT have your pictures taken here!!!!!
5	Picture people did an great job on my daughters' first pics. Shandra was our photographer and she really took her time and got soooo many beautiful pics. Michelle Helped us pick out a package and gave us a coupon that saved us over $100. I'll be back every holiday!
2	Joe was great over the phone when making my appointment and even told me about the  Groupon. Elle was nice too even tho I can see the frustration (from being so busy) in her and I thought she would have had an attitude when I checked in but when she looked up and greeted me she put a smile on her face and continued to be kind and helpful. Our photographer was a preggo chick but I didn't get her name. She was very nice but very exhausted. Poor lady! The staff ran around like chickens with their heads cut off although all were very nice. I never saw a manager in sight. They really need a receptionist or extra help for the holidays. It's not like they can't afford it because their stupid packages cost about $200 and up with no coupons. So wtf?!?! So... my appt was set for 7:20 pm (you have to do a late appt when bringing a pet) and we arrived just on the dot at 7:20 pm. I checked in with Elle and told me that it would be a 30 to 45 min wait. We sat there and waited because we couldn't walk around the mall with my dog. Nothing like watching each group go in one by one and counting who was here before you hoping that it's your turn next. Finally, it's 9ish and we get called back. Our photographer was just exhausted and I could tell she was huffing and puffing, again, poor lady! Haha I tried to help carry the props her because she shouldn't be lifting a finger! I swear we only spent like 20 or maybe 30 min with her and 99% of the time her flash was working. It wasn't until the end when she decided to switch for a new camera. I felt she only snapped about 8 photos (I haven't counted my pictures but it's not many). I didn't want to ask for more cause I felt bad that she's tired and we're pooped from waiting. My hair was flat, my dog was bored, my husband was anxious and my baby was tired and cranky by that time. They were offering two free sheets to those who would come back the following day to view their photos. I took up on the offer because that's what worked out for me since I wanted to get the family home. So I came back Tuesday during my lunch hour and waited another 20 min to just view them. Then I was told to wait another 30 for printing. I said I'd come back for them after work. Pick up was a breeze. Finally put in my overly priced high resolution disc and the shit was BLANK! I brought it back the next day (it's now Wednesday!) AND I had to wait for a good 30 min to get my replacement. I didn't get to see the manager, no apologies and or compensation! Look. I didn't even want to go here to begin with, especially because it's too "posey" and (did I mention) how ridiculously the price is but it was a last minute thing. And I had the $18 coupon but had it not been for the Groupon. I didn't want to miss out on not being able to capture a family photo before my little gets too big. With that being said, I really just wanted it on a disc for my holiday cards BUT she only took 8 photos for my 80 dollar disc with only 2 good pictures! I'm highly annoyed with the entire process and somewhat cheated!Don't waste your money and time! You'll just end up with old-school-posey with cranky kids and not so good looking pictures. Hire a pro photographer instead where you will have ample time, different scenery, editing incl. or what not and get more bang for your buck. Learned my lesson. No more studio photos. Going back to my photographer, Chelsea Nicole! Definitely check out her work.
1	Let me start by saying Jesus was  a great photographer and his pictures were great.  I wish knew the sales lady's name but she was truly awful.  She was rude and plain mean.  I have been a picture people customer for 13 years, and I spend literally thousands of dollars a year as I have four kids.  I am saddened that I was so mistreated at this location.  I would strongly recommend against ever going to this location.
1	The pictures were taken we'll but the photographer decided to put a huge over sized hat on my 9 month old making the picture look horrible! He took other poses without the hat though so I did get some good ones. Then when they were printing our pictures the machine broke. We only got to take home one picture and it was a little damaged!!! When we went back to pick up the rest of the pics we asked if we could get a new one for the one that was damaged! They said we had to have proof!!! There machine was broken! Clearly we're not lying. It's ridiculous we had to come back and get our pictures in the first place!!! I will never come back to this cheap skate place again!!!!
4	Came here to take photos of my 2 girls and didn't start off great because no one was at the counter to greet. Gave it a pass due to giving a few minutes for maybe them being a little busy.The photography session went pretty well with the exception of my 2 month old not cooperating. Lol. But of course you can't expect too much from a 2 month old. Overall, the session went well. Pictures came out great. There were a few tiny obstructions in my daughters face but the staff were quickly able to photoshop those obstructions away. We ended up picking the $200 package that included 5 sheets of any size, the photo cd and a frame. What made it even better was they gave us an additional 25 photos for $18 which is currently their promotion at the moment. In addition, Joe and Breanna were very helpful.
2	Got there at 3:15, appointment was at 3. Yes I'm late, but yes I have a terrible 2 child. Also, started to call the place at 2:45 to tell them I'd be late and ask if they'd still take me. NOBODY answers the phone here. Upon arriving, there were three families in the waiting area, after a couple minutes the girl comes out to ring someone up. She greets me an I tell her "I had an appointment at 3".She says, "we'll it's now 3:20, and you have people in front of you. I'm sorry I'm here by myself and the other photographer is taking the bus to get here. If you want to wait around we will try and squeeze you in".This was the only day I could take care of these photos. So I decided to wait. All the while seeing families go in and HEARING THE PHONE RING NON-STOP. They definitely need a receptionist , maybe the manager is a cheap turd. But this lady was by herself until 5! Which was when I got seen. Only took about 8 photos of my little one, because my daughter was tired after that point. Did get a free sheet of photos , but ultimately not worth the wait.
3	Plus, they don't push sales. Minus, not very organized. And staff seems unhappy. Otherwise GREAT prices and good pictures. I've been going here for 10 yrs. Nobody lasts very long. I dint think they treat their employees that great. Because IF they did things probably would run smoother. Maybe management needs an adjustment. I tolerate it because it's cheap.
5	Ask for Sonia! All of my photos turned out great and she wasn't annoyed or bothered when I asked to do a few poses several times over to get everything looking how I liked. She was awesome, has a great personality and guided me through the whole process of posing so I didn't look stuffy in my photos! Thank you Sonia!!
1	They have a pet policy that requires you to be there before the place opens or after the place closes. Fine. Nbd. The problem is  that they schedule you for this and then don't bother showing up. The first time I scheduled, I tried to call to say I would be a little late but no one answered. I called and called and called and finally at 10 someone picked up. I said I'd been trying to call for 1/2 an hour and since no one answered, I went home assuming no one was in the studio. I was told that of course no one answered, they didn't open until 10 and that she "was at the bank at 930 anyway." I was confused as to why they scheduled me at 930 if they were "at the bank anyway." I rescheduled regardless. I went in the second time, only this time I showed up closer to 10 since they don't answer till then and go to the bank at 930, and I was reminded of the pet policy repeatedly and almost denied to do the appt.. I understood the pet policy, and agreed with it, but based off the previous "almost encounter", I was just following what I thought was their protocol.They ended up agreeing to take our pictures in which I apologized profusely throughout for the time misunderstanding, then my dog freaked out, ran out of the studio, and down through the mall. When I caught him and brought him back, they politely asked me to reschedule. Understandable. It was a disaster.Rescheduled, showed up at 925 since I felt so bad about the last time, and the gates were closed and no one appeared in the studio. I yelled hello a few times into the gate, called (even though they don't answer till 10), and waited. Waited till 10 am when Sonia finally opened the gate and told me she never had an appointment that morning. Being as I waited 1/2 an hour, I was a little upset. When I tried to get things straight I apologized a few times for my upset tone in which she replied, "it's ok. I deal with people like you all the time."That's when I got really upset. She was very rude, she had ZERO customer service, and no matter what I tried to say or apologize for to ease the conversation or try to make it pleasant (since I'm in retail customer service myself, I know the importance of that), she was not having it.I felt a little uncomfortable re-rescheduling because I thought, "she's going to put a note on me and these pictures are going to turn out awful." I scheduled anyway, went in AGAIN and the photographer was really, really pleasant! She was a dream to work with and very very fun.I scheduled a time to come in and view the pictures, showed up thinking we were back on a good note, and the person helping me review my pictures was the original "dog ran out can you reschedule" photographer. Upon reviewing my pictures, no matter how excited/grateful/nice/etc I was, she acted as if I were the most bothersome person ever. It sucked.I'm sorry we had a chain of mishaps, but the lack of customer service throughout was very upsetting. I only got Sonia's name because she made sure to point it out to me, and the fact that she was the manager which blew my mind further, during her extremely rude and insulting transaction with me. I read she was awesome to work with in reviews so when I learned her name, I was very shocked. Either way, never going back to that location. What a seemingly uncorrectable nightmare.
3	This was my 3rd session at picture people so for the 3rd session I should get the CD. The staff was able to verify my first session, but when it came to my second session she said that they can't verify it even though I had the stamp and the date to prove it. The staff at Arden fair mall did not correctly enter my information when I took pictures there, nor did they write the correct date on my membership card so when I went to take pictures in Henderson, NV at the sunset galleria they wouldn't believe me that I was on my third session. I kept explaining to her why it may not show in the system (my sister made the reservation for my kid and hers to take pictures so it was a different phone number and name) but she would not accept it. I ended up having to call the Arden fair mall picture people on California and I called 5 times. The phone just kept ringing and no one answered. Finally someone answered and they assisted me, but still would not understand what I was telling them, almost like they didn't believe me. They finally understood and I gave my phone to Elizabeth at the Sunset galleria picture people to verify that I had been there on October 4, 2014. Finally I was able to get my CD. Everything was such a hassle that it made my experience turn into a bad one. I did not appreciate the customer service I was given. The photographer was great, but Elizabeth in the front was not.
2	Just had the worst experience ever at Picture People in Henderson Nevada. The white background of my photos show the scuff marks of the backdrop, they did a shoddy job of cropping, only allowed me a certain number of photos to go on my disk (nowhere in writing does it say I only get "x" number of photos), refused to give me a price sheet because "we just know the price of and tell customers the price", and above all refused to accept my coupon for $20 off a $100 purchase because they said it excluded the CD...umm... once again nowhere in writing does it say "excludes the photo CD"! The best part is the manager was the individual I was dealing with!! If it werent for the fact that my husband very nicely asked me to just woosah the situation I would have flipped out....Now I am just looking at the photos crying. I am definitely going to tell everyone I know not to waste their money.... 100% satisfaction guarantee my butt!   I gave them 2 stars because Portia was an amazing photographer and was very interactive and animated with my 3 month old to get her to smile
