5	My son was born here. The staff is excellent. Very attentive and highly competent. They took great care of my wife and son.  The rooms are very spacious and comfortable and equipped with state of the art technology. I got to choose between cable and a selection of around 100 movies while waiting for my son to pop out. The cafeteria has a wide selection of food from cold sandwiches to fresh cooked Italian, Philly cheese steak and burgers form the grill all at very low prices. We'll definitely be back for our 2nd one.
5	The ER nursing and doctor staff treated me respectfully and I really appreciate that. I've been other other ERs in the valley that could take some lessons from this staff.When I was brought up to a room, I was amazed at how technologically advanced to ensure proper care. The RN and NA staff were great!!! They didn't get grumpy about the multiple times I had to call during my stay to get assistance (or at least they didn't show that it pissed them off).While I don't like hospitals very much, this one was at least bearable. As I stated before, I've been to others in the valley (prior to this one opening) and I'll never go to any of those again (unless I'm unconscious, then I really won't have a choice, will I).
5	Hands down the best hospital in all of Arizona.        Our son was born here and I can't think of a single bad experience we had over the span of our several day stay.    As a dad, the food was awesome too! I would never have my kids born anywhere else but Mercy Gilbert.
4	I regret that I have to spend time in the ER but I am glad that it was at such a nice facility. I was in the ER for a badly broken arm shortly after the hospital opened and the triage staff and ER doctors were excellent. I was treated very quickly and the discharge process was quick and easy. The second time I was in the Mercy ER was after a car accident and I was brought by ambulance. The staff that met my ambulance team was excellent and I was quickly evaluated and given a room where my family could wait with me while x-rays, tests, etc were conducted. They even had a therapy dog visiting that night and it was very nice to be able to sit with him while I was being patched up and helped me feel not quite so shaky and panicky about what had just happened. (Hit by another driver who ran a light, car was totalled). My entire visit was very smooth and I felt like everyone in the ER knew their roles and what they needed to do. I also had to get my medical records after the accident for my attorneys and their records department was very friendly and helpful and it was very quick and easy to get my records and also to have them sent to my orthopedic surgeon. I hope I never have to go to the ER again but I would definitely recommend Mercy Gilbert.
1	I was checked into here in September of 2010. I was extremely ill and disoriented, and I was made to wait in the ER waiting room for 4 hours. After 3 hours, they actually hooked me up to an IV in the waiting room area with patients around me, so everyone coming in got to stare at me. This, to me, was unacceptable. The worse of the problems was the billing statement. Mercy Gilbert has been asked several time by both me and my insurance company to forward a complete bill to my insurance. My insurance agency says that I am covered. I receive bills every couple months, and they are all for the full amount, with $0 paid by insurance. This was nearly a year ago, and low and behold I received another bill with the full balance yesterday. I called my insurance (who has always been wonderful) and they said they STILL had not received information- this was the 6th time we have had to ask them for it. I called them today and was promised they would send it over, again. It's a never ending circle, and I will NEVER go back.
1	Worst experience ever !!  Went in for food poisoning, their process is just bizarre.  I was about 4th or 5th in line and it took 30 minutes to check in, then you have to wait again to be taken to the back.  Then they tell you to go out front, then you go back again to get checked out.  I passed out on one of their couches cuz I was in so much pain.  By the time I went back into a room it was 3 hours later.  I was back their for another 3 hours mostly waiting.  Nurses continued to walk pass me an hour after my I.V. was out.  So my bill was $12 grand, and I didn't have surgery lol  I had an x-ray, they gave me morphine which I don't know why, and the I.V. to hydrate me which I liked.  I called them and asked why the hell was it so much, my insurance covered $10,500 so I owe $1,500.  So they are going to send me an itemized statement.  Why they don't send this in the first place is beyond me.  I really think my insurance company and hospital collaborated with the amount my insurance company (BCBS) can get something back under the table.  A few weeks later I received anothe payment I owe to the Physican, which is a grand more, thanks!!  I'm prepared to go court over this, I'm hoping they made in error so I don't have to go through with this.
5	I bring patients here a lot. ED staff is awesome!
5	My daughter was just born here and the experience was amazing.The staff was very competent and friendly.  They really went out of their way to make us feel comfortable, both of us.  The rooms are spacious and comfortable and have a wide variety of TV channels and even movies.  You can also watch educational videos on the TVs as well.  Like short videos on breast feeding and child care.  Even after the birth you have a private room with a couch that converts into an uncomfortable bed for dad. Mom's bed is, of course, comfortable.The best part though is the staff, they respond quickly to your call and never seem impatient, even if you called over something stupid.  Like say, your baby sneezing, which is apparently totally normal.  Our baby was admitted longer than mom but they let us stay in the room to be with her.  They warned us "no meds and meals" for mom since she wasn't technically admitted.  Which is fair.  To make up for it they gave us a $5 gift card to the cafeteria, which was really sweet.  A quick aside, the cafeteria has pretty decent food for a SUPER fair price.  Anyway, they ended up bringing her a tray anyway, even after the gift card.I will have any future children here again.  I highly recommend this hospital for having your child.
1	Horrible ER experience!  It is unfortunate that those who have health ins are treated so poorly when it comes to asking for help.  My husband took his 80 yr old mother in for the second time due to a severe back condition that is in the process of diagnosis.  After two days of not sleeping and being crumpled on the floor my husband took her back to the ER for help and to ask for an MRI.  They told her flat out no and asked him why they were there in the first place.  The Dr. was extremely rude and condescending.  The nurse admitted to insurance red tape and the reason for not allowing the MRI...They were there for 6 hours and she left with a morphine injection.  Terrible terrible place!  Unfortunately we are often restricted to where we can go in an emergency.  Just be aware that this facility is not where you want to go if you are looking for comfort!
5	I'm writing this review as a way of thanking everyone for the superb care that I received during my recent hospital stay. This was my 23 surgery and I've been hospitalized in some of the countries best medical facilities, including Mayo Clinic and John Hopkins but Mercy Gilbert Medical Center was by far the best experience to date. My way of recognizing and thanking them is by writing this review in recognition of their superb care. I am in no way affiliated with this hospital just a very pleased patient.I have a rare joint disease called PVNS which required surgical removal of a benign tumor in my knee. My journey began as an out-patient, however, once the PVNS was confirmed they had to switch to an open synovectomy which required an in-patient hospital stay. I was very impressed upon our arrival at the hospital for it felt like we were walking into a five star health spa. The hospital was serving a holiday meal for employees and visitors and the aroma of home cooked foodfilled the spacious multilevel golden domed entry. Who cares if I haven't been able to eat for the last 14 hours. The hospital is carpeted and beautifully decorated with garland and colorful decorations wrapped around the handrails of each level.We journeyed up to the second floor and checked into the Out Patient Surgery Unit. We arrived two hours early... which is the customary time to enroll in the hurry up and wait to get sliced and diced game. As I looked around the elaborately decorated waiting room...I noticed some of the amenities that I was gladly paying extra for. They have a dedicated flat screen that is updated every minute to notify the families where the surgical patients are at all times in the process (pt is identified by a number)."Mrs Jeffrey, I'm going to be your nurse please follow me and we'll get you all set up for your surgery." My eyes kept darting around pre-op in amazement, We need to start an IV, however you look like a difficult stick so I'm going to call a technician in to use the ultrasound machine to visualize our vein, no worries she will inject an anesthetic to decrease the amount of discomfort that you may feel while we start the IV. Man I was just thinking "I love any place that cares about how much pain I may feel from a needle stick. They must be really good in managing surgical pain." If you'd like we can give you a femoral nerve block so you don't feel the surgical pain for 24-48 hours. "Oh hell yes I want that too." I was definitely being pampered by all who crossed my path.I was even given a pretty purple marker to keep as a souvenir after my surgeon and I marked my surgical site together. Oops, I guess no funny stuff is supposed to be written on your surgical sight.The surgeon showed me a pain scalechartand asked what level of pain would be acceptable after surgery. I may beblondbut I can spot a trick question. "Zero!! would be the most acceptable. I just figured if this place was giving me an option, I didn't want to feel any pain. Hells yes, I'll pay extra for that.My husband was givena pager with a read out in the center that would say for example "surgery is going well, surgery is almost over, patient is in recovery" allowing them to explore the the healing gardens and fountains on the hospital campus while I was having surgery.Timeto say good bye to my sweetheart and be ushered off to the O.R. Just when I thought every possible comfort was being given I suddenly feel a warm fuzzy surge of happy juice flowing through my body...whoosh nightie night.I awoke in a quiet, very comfortable room filled with state of the art equipment, a couch that transformed into a guest bed, computer for staff use, scanner used for patient safety and tracking of supplies, interactive tv which provided my personally assigned education videos, review questionnaire, relaxation videos, cable, movies, games, internet access with a wireless keyboard, a service ordering menu which included the Paws for Pets program (therapy pets) fully equipped with all of the amenities that a VIP would expect, however, I wasn't a VIP.  The view out the window was amazing where I could see the snow capped mountains, palms and even the fall colors of the trees. My view overlooked the entrance of the hospital displaying beautifully chiseled fountains in a zen like healing garden, a life sized metal tree and overflowing elevated ponds. At night it was beautifully illuminated.Most important was the exceptional care that I received from every member of the staff...doctors, nurses, CNA's, laboratory personnel, dietary, PT, OT and the housekeeping staff. Everyone represented their profession in the best way possible. Due to distant my husband was unable to visit so it was vitally important that I felt safe and well cared for. Everyone exceeded my expectations.
1	This was our second experience with the ER, and it was even WORSE than before!Our three year old daughter was brought by ambulance to this ER, and the staff had NO idea how to care for a child.  She was not in shock and not crying or fighting, but they were not able to get a proper temp or urine sample,  without MY help and suggestions. They took her blood pressure with a large adult sized cuff, and no one even checked her ears to realize she had a terrible infection. Worse, the "STAT/emergency" blood and urine tests were sent out of the facility to take TWO days to return.  On top of this, the doctor was RUDE and seemed clueless as what to do. (Her name was Dr. Kent) Completely unacceptable.  We immediately drove our daughter to a different facility as soon as she was able to leave, and then she was FINALLY cared for after hours of waiting and not getting proper care.  What a JOKE. A year ago a family member was sent here after an accident and the ER was even worse.  And, my mother needed surgery and her doctor told her there was no way he would perform it at Mercy Gilbert, even though he has privileges there because the staff is that bad. This hospital is less than a block from our home, but I will NEVER, NEVER return.  This hospital looks beautiful and new, but the staff and system in place is broken! BEWARE.
1	They seriously had the nerve to send me a friends request after what I wrote, how sick are you people?  You should worry about your poor service and crazy charges.  You should be sued over and over again.
1	I went to Gilbert for a migraine.  Everything about my visit was not good, down to arriving and providing my insurance card, only to be setup with all out of network providers even though the hospital was in network, and the ambulance to not be given my insurance information.  The following day after my visit, I still had the same symptoms that I had coming into the ER and had to go AGAIN to the ER in Tempe, and they did a check for meningitis which should have been done at Gilbert.  I HIGHLY do NOT recommend this facility.
5	I had the strange experience of spending two successive nights in the ER here, first with my son and then for myself.  Both times, the staff were efficient, knowledgeable and almost exclusively personable (the one nurse who sped away, expecting me to follow on an injured leg was the exception). I am confident that we both received excellent care, waits were not excessive. I could not have wished for a better ER experience.
5	I cannot say enough good things about the emergency room staff at Mercy Gilbert Hospital! Last Friday, March 8th, we had just arrived in Gilbert (from Henderson, NV) for our son's baseball tournament. I pointed the hospital out to my husband as we exited the freeway. Little did I know, I would be rushed there only a few minutes later! I was checking into our hotel down the street when I slipped and fell. I was in excruciating pain!! My ankle was dislocated and my leg was broken in two places! I was admitted quickly. Every single staff member I came in contact with went out of his/her way to make sure I was given the best care, considering the circumstances. I have love in my heart for the staff, as this was the worst day of my life, and they went out of their way to make sure I was informed, reassured, cared for, comfortable, etc... One of the nurses even loaned me her personal phone charger when she heard me tell my son he couldn't use my phone because the battery was low!!! Thank you to everybody who had a part in my care last week!! I had surgery on the 12th here in Henderson, and I'm on the long road to recovery. My surgeon here complimented your work in getting my ankle back into place nicely. He definitely noticed the wonderful job you all did!!
1	Dear god,If I ever have to go to an ER again, please take me someplace other than Gilbert mercy.Please take me somewhere the Physician Assistants are not total douchebags and the nurses don't take 35 minutes to get paperwork.Please find me a hospital that understands my fear of needles and deep anxiety Toward the Dr. Profession in general.Please take me anywhere but here,sincerelyGabi m.
2	I took my friend to the Mercy Gilbert Emergency Room and I was very surprised at how callously she was treated.  She was in severe pain and was placed in a bed about 10 feet from the nurse's station.  While she lay suffering, the nurses were loudly discussing their weekend plans without any regard for her.  "I'm going out with Josh tonight!"  "I've been checking flights for my trip."  When I requested a cup of water for my friend, they told me no and instructed me to get back behind the curtain.This went on for an hour and these nurses couldn't have cared any less.  I was further shocked when the hospital's Director of Customer Experience told me that the hospital is known for pain management.  I almost laughed out loud.If you have the choice to go to a different ER, do it.
1	My husband took a nasty fall and was brought to Mercy Gilbert in an ambulance, bleeding profusely having knocked out 8 teeth and corn-flaking his jaw bone. The ER Doc examine his wound FOUR times over the next 8 hours sticking her hand into the open bleeding wounds.  This was accentuated by her totally careless approach to his care while she callously ignored our repeated complaints.  The last time she stuck her fingers into the wound my son and I called Banner Good Sam and had him transported by ambulance to the hospital 57 miles away in Phoenix.  He was in surgery in 45 minutes on arrival for a 3 hour operation to repair the damage and close the wounds.  It took 125 stitches.  What kind of ER allows a man obviously in horrible trauma to lay for 8 hours in the ER giving the family of that patient this much grief?  The nurses are just above the doctor and held him up from transport for 45 minutes "to do the paperwork" we had requested two hours earlier.   I complained to the Head of the hospital and was told "WE DID NOTHING WRONG."  They closed the case.  You decide if you want your loved one treated like this.  Take your injured anywhere but not to the Mercy Gilbert ER.
5	I had my baby here and have no complaints about my experience at this hospital. Friendly staff and beautiful property. I wouldn't deliver anywhere else.
5	Wow... I was actually a little surprised to see any negative reviews for Mercy Gilbert Hospital. My family has had occasion to be there several times in the last few years and have had 100% great experiences. I'm trying hard to be a better Yelper, so I am talking about my customer experiences more... and I love these guys.Every place has an occasional grumpy person on staff. But, compared to my other medical facility experiences Mercy Gilbert is stellar.
1	I had a hysterectomy/hernia repair done in December where the wound opened up in January.  I received a call from my physician asking me to come to Mercy Gilbert where she was on call over the weekend so that we could take a closer look at the wound.  Dr Jennifer Reitz of Advanced Surgical promised me a direct admit to the hospital --on the way there we received a call from the call center stating I would have to go through the ER.  I arrived in the ER and was taken back - before vitals or anything else was done I was informed by the RN that I was being placed on a Psych hold because I had made statements that I planned to kill myself.  I immediately went to run - they called security who came in and tackled me dragging my open wound across the floor and then used my face to clear a supply rack.  I was then thrown in a gurney and halled down the hallway and told I would have to take any clothes off that were mine and be in there clothes.  They would not even let me keep my underwear.  I never told a doctor that I wanted to kill myself - their notes specifically state that I did not say this.  This all came about based on a conversation with a home health nurse I was trying to fire because she was not tending to my pain and Dr Jennifer Reitz who then turned around and put words into my husband's mouth to justify this.  I was told that I would be held at the hospital overnight and could not leave AMA - the only other option was going to jail. Eventually I was placed in a room, had all my belongings taken away and thrown into their med-surg floor where the nurse laughed all night at me,  Finally the psych douche bag shows up and agrees that what I had said 12 hours earlier was true...I was not suicidal.  However, in order to not be sent for inpatient psych eval I had to agree to work with the surgeon who lied to me and allow her to do another surgery.  I now truly fear this facility...their is no human kindness involved here.  This ER wanted someone to beat on and I was that person.  I now have severe PTSD and do not trust anyone in the medical field to touch me.  Do yourself a favor...if you have an issue that requires the ER avoid this one.  Not only did they do nothing for my wound pain -  they have left me with severe PTSD and nightmares.  The place needs to be closed and everyone that works there needs their license taken away from them without an option of ever being able to get it back.
5	I had our daughter there in March and it was an amazing experience! The staff was incredible, so supportive! My favorite nurses were Jenny, Cindi and Heather. The charge nurses came to say hi with each shift. If it wasn't for these ladies, I probably would have given up on breast feeding and asked for formula, like I did with my son at a hospital back in VA. They were very knowledgable, didn't push anything on me, the rooms are amazing with beautiful views. I almost want to get pregnant again just to be able to deliver there again!
4	Daughter was born a week ago and everything went great. We were checked in quickly and the nurses were great. Best part was how quickly we were discharged the next day. Anyone whos had a baby knows that by the next day all you want to do is get that little bundle of joy home. All tests were done and we were out just after lunch. Only thing i would reccomend would be to add small refrigerators to post partum rooms. Its a small but significant addition.
5	I just gave birth to my first child a month ago. I can't say enough good things about my experience with labor and delivery. My first nurse Erin was great! I was so full of emotions going through this for the first time...happy, nervous yet exhausted. Erin made me feel like a friend and not just a patient. She really helped me through the epidural process which was one of the scariest parts for me. I was having stronger contractions at that time so it was hard to stay still but she helped me through it. The anesthesiologist did an amazing job...no pain and I was in heaven after that! My labor went into shift change and Susan was now my nurse. Wow I can't say I've ever had a better nurse! She checked on me every 10-15 mins or it felt that way. She was so attentive and always made sure I was doing okay. When it came time to deliver she was amazing!! She was my biggest cheerleader. She was just so encouraging and made it such wonderful experience. I'll never forget her and I can only hope she will be my nurse next time I have a baby! Thank you Susan!!!**See update from dealing with their billing department!! Nightmare!!!
1	TERRIBLE for kids! I recently took my 5 year old in to the ER and was appalled by the treatment from the physician Kristen Osiecki to both me and my daughter.  She clearly has never been around kids nor should she have any of her own; and she should definitely NOT be allowed to treat them. She was completely inappropriate with how she restrained my daughter to try and force a medication down her that she didn't even need! Then proceeded to yell at me AND my daughter.   I made a complaint and the incidence was investigated and was unfortunately shocked when I received the letter with the results of the investigation.  Not only did the physician lie about the incident and her reasons to justify her actions, they made me out to be the uncooperative mother with a defiant child.  Thank God my daughter was not hurt by the physical man-handling of my daughter but NEVER again will I trust this emergency department with any of my family's care.  I have been in healthcare for 20 years and never before have I been speechless when it came to how a provider was treating a patient...especially a 5 year old little girl.
1	Let me start by saying that I have never written a review for any hospital ever.  As a former Critical Care nurse  I take patient treatment very seriously.  Yesterday afternoon I had an unfortunate accident of falling off of a 3 foot high solid wood bar stool while hanging a photo:(   I fell flat on my back onto the solid wood pottery barn stool breaking the stool into several pieces.  Immediately my right arm and leg went numb and tingly and the pain was the worst excrutiating radiating pain I have experienced.  I was shreiking at the top of my lungs from the pain.  Luckily my husband was in the room and saw it happen.  He lay me flat on the floor and because of the pain we thought I had definitely broken my back.  I have never called 911 or had the opportunity for ambulance transport in my life. The Gilbert paramedics from Germann/Lindsey were exceptional.  They started an IV controlled my pain and looked at my back.  They asked where I wanted to go and I hadn't hear any reviews regarding GMMC but it was the closest ER. The worst care ever hands down in my life.  Chris RN seemed distracted and completely put out that i was there.  Even after pain med from the paramedics my pain continued to be excrutiating. Dr. Nolan (triage MD) came in touched my toes and left.  Never looked at my back, hip, etc.  She slightly pressed on my abdomen and said xray ct and left.  I told Chris RN my pain was over a 10 and he came back in 15 minutes later with Toradol (basically Motrin).  This didn't help even a little.  As I cried in intense pain over the next 30 minutes my husband got Chris's attention and asked him to help.  He said Dr. Nolan was the triage doctor and he would get another Dr. to ask for pain med. A gentleman with red hair and a badge that said Contractor came in and asked me a few questions.  My husband had to leave while we waited for the CT to go home and check on our children (we have a special needs son).  While he was gone as I lay in excrutiating pain I got to listen to the nurses station party it up. Wes watched and listened to the preakness from his computer at the station, he was actually watching tv with an ER full of patients.  He went on and on about who won what.  Also, one of the ER techs was talking about "cabeza de chorlito".  I guess he didn't think I spoke spanish, it means scatterbrain.  Dr. Barrell the new physician RN Chris called, came in and touched my toes and again never looked at my back or hip, however, I was allowed 6mg of Morphine for pain. I couldn't get Chris's attention and so a female nurse put me on a bedpan where I sat for 20 mins until I slipped it out myself and it sat on the end of the gurney.  My husband returned and I mentioned to him just how awful it was while he was gone.  Thank heavens the xray and CT were negative for a break.  I left immediately after the results as the care was so bad.  I shuffled over to the bathroom with the help of my husband and Chris my nurse didn't even know.  Dr. Barrell came in and told me their was about 10 min of paperwork to do and what pain med did I usually take (I don't take pain med regularly and didn't really understand his question).  I said whatever he though would stop the back spasms.  I left with instructions for ice and hydrocodone).  My IV was empty backing up with blood into the tubing and my nurse checked on my maybe twice in 3 1/2 hrs.  Not one person looked at my back or hip while I was there.  How can they even evaluate my accident?  I woke up this morning with a huge hematoma about the size of an orange on my lower right back, a fist sized hematoma on my hip and a 5 inch bruise on my left buttock.  The pain is very bad still today.  It just occurred to me as I spoke to a nurse friend of mine that the ER people must have thought i was a "drug seeker."  I can't imagine why else they would have treated my so rudely. Never listened to my heart, lungs, or the part of my body that was hurt.  I will never, ever return here for any care and would recommend that others drive a few minutes further for quality care. I haven't been out of nursing that long but I could have gone to the grocery store and received a better workup.
5	I chose Mercy Gilbert because they are much more accommodating of women wanting an unmedicated delivery.  Things didn't go quite as planned and I ended up getting an epidural. The doctor who performed the procedure was so quick and nice it was over before I knew it.    The nurses caring for my daughter and I were amazing! My L&D nurse was just so fun. She really helped make my delivery and transfer to postpartum as comfortable as possible. I wish I could remember her name.    My postpartum nurses were incredible! You can really tell these nurses love their jobs.    Mercy Gilbert is also a big proponent of letting the mom and baby bond as much as possible. This made our stay easier.   The rooms are big and had pull out beds so my husband could stay with us.   I would recommend this hospital for any pregnant woman.
1	Very rude I come in did the online check in I ask did it work they say what are you talking about you're checking in right now I have 3 people barking at me and laughing at the same time.. very unprofessional I tell them what I need to be seen for ear infection and the nurse says does it hurt when you pee? I said no? Shes says oh ear infection hahahaha.. not coming here again should of learned 3 years ago when I was in labor and the nurse sent me home with sleeping pills and 20 min later I had to be taken by ambulance back to the hospital no time for epideral IV fell out while giving birth..
1	The emergency department is one of the most poorly run in the Phoenix Metropolitan. A friend with a past significant cardiac history presented with heart palpitations, dizziness and anxiety at this facility and was told there were no ED beds available, however there were plenty of beds available for flu patients. They gave him a 12 lead, labs and x-ray while he sat in the waiting room. No cardiac monitoring was done and he was walked from department to department. Not one employee, checked his vitals or monitored him while he waited for almost two hours. He ended up taking his chances and went home. In my humble opinion almost any patient will get better care at an urgent care.
2	Okay here's how it goes! The ED lacks a lot - organization lacks the ability to effectively manage guests and triage them. Their lack of compassion WOW! Was here myself in October 2013 the ED DOESN'T move with any urgency!Now let's keep this short, the cafe food hurts meaning REALLY BAD!!!
1	I have to say I've had great experiences with the hospital itself but the billing is absolutely horrible!! I received my bill for giving birth to my daughter and sent in my payment. They applied the payment to the wrong account! I've called them for 5 months to get it corrected. They have yet to do it and they're now trying to send me to collections! I've talked to Cedric I don't know how many times (he's very nice but doesn't have the authority to fix the mistake). He always tells me he has told his supervisor and will have it fixed. I even spoke to a supervisor and was promised it would be corrected. Just received another bill! Sent it back with a letter. I know I won't be going there to have my next baby!! Too bad, I loved that part of it.
3	I was in the office for an hour and a half due to waiting intervals in between routine eye exam tests. Don't know if other places would be faster or about the same.
4	The surgery department is great, I came in here yesterday for a surgery and everything was very easy to find and the check-in staff was very friendly. The check-in time to being called back was only about 20 minutes. They offer free wi-fi as well. The nurses were very kind and walked me through each step of what they were doing. I was very surprised to come in at 12 noon and be out completely after 5:50 pm! Everything went well, and they took care of me. I thought it was going to take all day because I think we all know hospitals are notorious for agonizing wait times to discharge you. Usually whenever I have gone into the ER, it has taken me 6-8 hours to get out. Seriously. Also, a big plus was to the nice facilities.
