4	Jeremiah's Taproom is the new incarnation for what was the Elm Bar just up from Valvona and Crolla.  Big change in character but still not trying to be too fancy - relaxed feel, lots of wood, tiles and armchairs.  There are also tables outside in a cordoned off area.  I didn't have the chance to try the food, as the kitchen was not quite ready but it is now, and the menu looks decent, promoting their burgers as well worth a visit.  I did get the chance to try the beer, which was a decent mix of more traditional favourites and some more "crafty" cask and keg all from a big central island bar.  I had the Alchemy Cairnpapple, Redwell IPA and Tiny Rebel Full Nelson.  All served well and tasted clean.  I will need to give this place another go soon, to check out the food.  Interested to see how it develops.  I did notice a couple of the staff were not quite up on what they were serving, so good to see confidence grow and get established.
3	Only ventured into the previous guise of this bar once or twice over the years mainly because it could get a bit rough even in the afternoon. Now it is a very changed place for the better. The place is now a lot brighter and the space feels much more open. the staff are pleasant and the place has a very different feel. The seats are well comfy! The menu looks interesting enough if you want some quick food, and what I saw going out to other punters looked pretty good. The beers on offer were good - cider, real ales and West, so our group was happy with that.I will definately head back the next time we are wandering arioung leith.
5	This is a fantastic new craft beer bar! The place before was not good at all! The new people have really made inside this bar modern and fresh! Good craft beer on tap & good bottled beer too! I was in today and had "The Italian" beef burger that comes with a side of French Frys... It was perfect! Really enjoyed the food! Staff are very good at job! My first time and I WILL be back! ;)
4	Remember "Cheers!" - oh you don't? - you must have yet to pass 25 springs then.. When I set foot in here I was expecting the crowd to go "Norm!" (http://tinyurl.com/nqxdkc6) and taking seat at the opposite end of the bar. - That is how my first impression was. The bar is central and has most wonderful crafted nectar on draft - my current favourite is the Innis & Gunn Oak Matured. The rest of the place is filled out with comfortable(!) bar chairs and high top tables to chat, snack and drink. They do bar food, their offerings are homemade Burgers, very good skinny fries and Hot Dogs, not just any.. noooo hooo nooo CROMBIES! That's right, the most revered and famous butcher this side of Scotland. I had the Chili Dog - now the dog itself was amazing, the chili beef was a let down (-1 star) - a little more spice and flavour would have been so much better. Their dessert list includes a very tasty Banana split too, yummyI am very pleased the bar has opened and it makes a very pleasant addition to the area - which so far only had Joseph Pearce as a 'cosy' bar. You'll find me in here more often, possibly so much that at one point they WILL greet me with 'Ray!' when I walk through the door. Watch this space.
4	A new addition to the Elm Row, welcome Jeremiah's Taproom!Went here on a voucher deal (hot dogs and half pint of Innis Gunn or glass of house wine). I didn't have much expectations, but after trying the hot dog I must say it is the best one I have had for a loong time. The hot dog and accompanying fries came in a wooden box, it looked cool. It was so tasty - a slightly smoky taste and the fries were perfect, skinny and crispy. I wolfed down the lot!Dessert was banana split, which was a bit meh as I've had a really nice one elsewhere, but nevertheless it was a nice ending to a lovely meal. The staff in Jeremiah's Taproom are very friendly and welcoming and I will be back for sure.
4	Woah!  A fine establishment for a NYE bash!There were fourteen of us at the table ready for some dinner!  The menu was small but still varied.  I think it's good this way especially on a busy night and i imagine the kitchen was small too.  I started with the smoked salmon on soda bread with dill butter, which was nice.  the salmon was just right and the soda bread worked pretty well with it.  For mains I opted for the venison burger which was meaty as you would expect and the mulled plums were a welcome delight (yes on the burger!)  - they worked well with the blue cheese and the meat.  The bun was good too - ciabatta.  to finish off was brownie and chocolate ice cream. the brownie was nice, how ever the chocolate ice cream could have been richer as it was lost with the brownie and just melted too quickly on the plate. The starters and mains overall were good but the the desserts just lacked something.  The wait in between courses was too long.  the entire service was just inder three hours, which would not go down well on a regular night. I'm not writing this place off as it was NYE and would like to give it another try!  Oh they missed the coffee & Tea with the mint which was included in the price !!!  I know it was busy and there was probably nae need for it but would of like to have been asked! I think 4 out of 5 stars is fair for this review!
3	Oh Jeremiah. I had high hopes for you, but they weren't met.New Year's Day, and Jeremiah's Taproom was one of the few pubs open.  Conveniently it's also over the road from my boyfriend's work, so it made sense to pop in for a bite to eat and a hair of the dog after he'd finished his shift.  When we arrived it was pretty busy, but they were happy to serve food to us if we sat at the bar, and it's a nice deep bar top too so plenty of room.It being the festive period, and deliveries being rather sporadic, we were informed that out of their pretty vast menu, they only had 5 burgers available (that's out of everything, not just out of the burgers), but that was okay as it was burgers we were after anyway.  I ordered the Black 'n' Blue beef burger, which comes with blue cheese, and my sister ordered the same but with the vegetarian patty instead.  Our food took a while to arrive, but not a horribly unreasonable length of time really.  The main problem was the fact that it was burnt.  Now, anyone who has tasted my cooking, knows that I'm inclined to cook things til they start to cinder (what can I say, I like my food crispy!), but I wouldn't expect the same in a restaurant (okay, a pub). The bun had been toasted to the point of being blackened, and worse still the burger itself was burnt! Not so much so that I sent it back, I ate it, but it probably shouldn't have been sent out.  My sister was a bit disappointed with the veggie burger too, and the rather mean serving of blue cheese.  Taste wise it was all quite nice, but nothing more than that. Nothing to write home about.And the real let down was the service.  The bar manager served us, and was very friendly, but being the manager he was also quite busy and not at the bar all the time.  The staff who were, looked absolutely miserable (understandable as it was a public holiday and they were at work, but come on guys!) and spent more time doing odd jobs (filling up straws, cleaning the bar etc.) than actually serving customers, despite the pub being rather busy - and on more than one occasion keeping patrons waiting to be served while they fannied about.  We sat for a good while with empty glasses before the bar manager reappeared and took a fresh order, having been ignored by everyone else.  And then when it came to pay, the barman who we'd asked to bring our bill did so with the most sullen look on his face, saying not a word, and then did not return to collect our money, we actually had to go and seek out another member of staff as we'd been waiting some time.So why have I given Jeremiah's Taproom 3 stars, rather than 2?  Well, the pub itself is lovely, a very nice place to spend the afternoon.  And the burgers were alright, and probably not indicative of the menu as a whole.  And of course it was a public holiday, and I understand that the staff no doubt had other places they'd rather be.  I do intend to return, it's convenient and I'd like to try more of the menu.  Plus it's a good alternative to Joseph Pearce's at this end of Leith Walk.  But really, if I had to get my red pen out and write a verdict based on my visit, it'd be MUST TRY HARDER.
3	Interesting to note the range of reviews for Jeremiah's Taproom: there's little disagreement on the quality of the venue and the food, plus the range of drinks is full and fulsome (once you've spotted the range of beer on tap set back from the serving area). The service seems to be the factor losing marks and I am confident that over time this will resolve itself. Why so confident? Because the manager (Jane) was excellent with all of us in the group I attended with and I can see that when times are quieter they can handle the place with style and grace.Some of the food took a while though, folk I knew in a different group were chucked out on what seemed flimsy evidence and without much opportunity to appeal to the decision. You should definitely pay a visit to this establishment if you're in the area or fancy a really big, tasty venison burger - but maybe at a quieter time of the week.
