4	I stayed at the hotel for several months during the late fall/winter of 2006.  I love this hotels decor - minimal and clean lines which I prefer over the fussiness of the William Penn.  The heavenly beds and showers are really just that.  The shower is 1000xs better than my own apts so it was hard to get out each morning.  They are dog friendly, very dog friendly.  Bringing my dog a bed, treats and bowls.  Wish I had known that in advance as I had already hit Petco.  The doorman greeted my dog everyday with "watch out her comes killer"  yeah lame but I love when my dog gets attention.  He also pet him so I will let it slide.
5	I have been coming to Pittsburgh for quite a while, and knew this location as the Vista before being taken over by the Westin.  This is also the location for all the visiting teams coming into Pittsburgh for the football and baseball games there.  When they took over, they added the "Heavenly beds" (big beds with pillow tops and great duvets) and "heavenly showers" (which have the bowed shower curtain to give you more room).  The trick we learned was to get to the room, turn on the airconditioning, and when you get back get under the duvet.  It is great. The staff here is great too.  The doorman will also arrange a limo for your transportation around downtown if you play your cards right. The restaurant there (Fish Company) is OK, and the bar is great.
4	This is a very good hotel and with a corporate rate of $107 per night it is the best bargain in town.  I stay in hotels in the city often rather than drive home after a night  of partying and I used to stay at the Holiday Inn Express S. Side for the location.  The holiday inn cost is $140 per night and the hotel is fine for a place to crash for a few hours, but  the Westin is actually a place that I look forward to visiting.  The rooms are pretty big.  Request the higher floors because the view is awesome.  I stayed on the 25th floor last night and had a great view of the arena and train station.  The beds are great.  They also have a fridge for you  to put your own drinks.  However, I think they  should have a minibar.  Mario the doorman also is pretty helpful.
4	i got upgraded to a junior suite, and then again to a parlor suite because the junior didn't have two beds as I needed.Staff was absolutely great in getting us everything we need.There's a weird quirk in the green energy program that you can't have light in the bathroom without turning on the AC or heat, but I'll forgive them that. Maybe they can fix it?
5	This is a fantastic hotel.  I went to a convention here at the end of June and loved the setting.  The convention center is well setup and the link between the hotel and the convention center works really well, especially if it's raining.My only complaint is that the elevators are slow during busy times.
3	Being a Southern California boy, I was not particularly looking forward to a conference in Pittsburgh in November.  Granted, November is still usually a little early for snow, but looking at the weather forecast a week before the conference and seeing at least 3 days of snow did not exactly make my day!Booking my stay at the Westin Convention Center however, made things SO much easier.  They've got a covered sky-bridge directly connecting to the convention center from the 2nd floor.  No need to even put on a heavy jacket to go to your conference.  Everyone else is coming from around the city and bundled up and then has to carry their coats around all day (or check them if the conference is well staffed enough to offer this).  But being connected to the Convention Center I could just stroll across the bridge and right into my sessions.Rooms were well appointed.  Beds were comfortable and the double showerheads were fantastic!  Toiletries were a little sparse.  ABSOLUTELY loved the free wi-fi.  So many full service hotels are charging for this these days and it is a HUGE pet peeve of mine to pay for a more expensive hotel and then to pay for Internet access on top of that.My issue with my hotel room (don't know if it is true for all) was noise.  I was close to the elevator, but the door seemed particularly thin as I often heard people walking back and forth down the hall and talking.  I was also able to hear various building noises like running water, etc.  The walls between rooms seemed to be thick enough because I didn't hear other people talking or their TVs (or maybe there just weren't people staying in the rooms to either side).I enjoyed their room service breakfast menu.  They had a nice offering of healthy alternatives including granola, fresh fruit, yogurt, etc.  Delivery times were pretty spot on and the attendants were friendly and efficient.Another big plus for the hotel is that it is connected to the Original Fish Market.  Good sushi, GREAT clam chowder and some other delicious fare.  There's access into the restaurant from the hotel's lobby and it is open until 1am for those late arriving West Coast travelers.
4	I was in town for an interview and didn't pay for my room, but the corporate rate they got was $97.  Pretty awesome.  Self parking (I think) was $8 per day.  Cheap!  This is what you expect from a Westin--that heavenly scent, Heavenly bed with soft sheets, and Heavenly bath towels.   This particular Westin uses an energy-saving program.  They'll tell you to insert your key card when you get in the door of your room because it powers the lights and AC.  I'm not a fan of that so I request two keys--I insert one and keep the AC running while I am out of the room and use the other key to get into the room.  Sorry, but I'm not returning to a hot hotel room and waiting for it to cool down!  I was disappointed to see they didn't offer complimentary bottled water in the SPG rooms...I guess the reality of the economy is hitting them and they are cutting back on that.  Bummer.
4	The Westin is a great place to stay.  The beds are comfy.  The pillows fluffy. The shower had great water pressure.  They have a system where your key card powers the lights and AC which is pretty cool.  It took me a second to get used to that system.  I wonder how much energy the key card actually saves.  Loved that this hotel is walking distance to the cultural district, strip district and PNC Park.  My only complaints were that the bathroom smelled a bit like old urine and the iron not working.  It wasn't a huge deal and I didn't complain.  Otherwise, 4 stars!
4	I really enjoyed my stay at the Westin.  During my entire stay I had trouble getting out of bed.  The bedding and comforter were heavenly!  I literally felt like I was laying on a cloud.  The mattress was a pillow top, and the sheets felt like 1 million thread count.  The grand lobby was classy, but not too overwhelming.  The Westin is perfectly situated downtown.  Close to all major attractions and never more than a couple blocks or a short cab ride away.  The green program was a first for me.  It was a little annoying in that the light in the bathroom kept turning off because I kept forgetting to stick my key card in the light switch.  The funniest aspect of their "green" program was the dual shower heads. There is a sign in the shower that reads something along the lines of "we have provided two shower heads for your comfort. However one remains off to save water unless you turn it on."  Now... I don't know about you but I feel if they are trying to achieve some level of green why even bother to put an extra shower head in?  Not to mention if there is a second shower head available to use, I'm certainly not going to pass on it in order to save some water. I know it's not very supportive of going green but come on! The next time I'm in the burgh, the Westin is where I'm staying.  All the negatives I experienced, (expensive parking, extra charges etc.) I let slide, because they were issues that are expected at hotels. All in all I was very pleased!
2	When I think of Westins, I think of business-classy, nice and modern. This hotel has a classic feel to it, but definitely not very updated. Unfortunately, it reminds me of the staid-ness of Pittsburgh too much.The check-in desk was super slow during my stay there. I do like the fact that there's a Fish Market downstairs. I don't like the fact that it's the convention center hotel, so it can get pretty crowded. That said, it's within walking distance to the Strip, and Downtown, so you can't deny the convenience. Still, I think there are newer hotels that provide the same.
2	Location is ok for the downtown area. Not too impressed though, and won't be in my top 3 choices for the future. Here's my list: Pro's: Location Self-Park at the Greyhound Bus garage a block down the street (anywhere from $5-$13/day depending on weekday or weekend) Walkable to all sporting venues Great restaurant across the street NOT associated with the hotel (Tonic) Fantastic gym and indoor pool Con's: Rack rate='spensive Self park at hotel is $20/day, ouch, w/ no in and out Room had a stink that didn't go away Maids like to knock to clean the rooms starting at 8 AM, and do so multiple times if you don't put the privacy sign out Hotel staff not particularly nice as what you'd expect out of a Westin The Fish Market (restaurant in the hotel) super 'spensive w/o great snack offerings, and again, not so nice service Walls are super thin- so much so that we had morning wakeup calls from our "neighbor" hitting the head, gross Being colocated with the convention center means lots of traffic around the hotel and lots of obnoxious people ~~~~~ Is now when I mention that we got the place for $70/night on Priceline (4 star, you'll either get this or the Omni)? If you can deal with the above, then this is your place...if not, pay the rack rate somewhere else.
4	Great location, close to the convention center and many fine restaurants in the Strip District. Love the Heavenly beds and the shower with multiple heads. Spacious, clean & attractive rooms. Loses a star because the free internet is slow as hell, clearly to entice you to pay for faster speeds. Ugh. If I'm on a business trip, I want to be able to work in my room, and having to pay extra for the privilege of working efficiently is not cool.
3	I was expecting a high quality hotel from the Westin brand. What I found was a room that smelled of B.O., an outdated bathroom and an annoying emphasis on recycling and environmentalism.  If this was a rating of 1 to 5 on a scale of just Westin hotels it would probably be a 1 no problem. But even a bad Westin is better than a Super8. The lobby looks nice and inviting and the staff were all helpful. Parking wasn't too hard and the price wasn't shocking. The B.O. smell hit me as soon as we walked into the room. There were placards and signs everywhere saying how much Westin was trying to save the world by turning off your lights when you leave the room and not washing your sheets. I get it...if you dont change the sheets you save on water, detergent, labor, $, $, $, $$$$$......I'm not an idiot. I know all this 'environmental' garbage is a bunch of moneymaking ideas dreamt up by some suits. Some are laudable like requiring a keycard to turn the lights on, but get real...they're offering people $5 off their next visit if they don't have their bed remade between nights. This is a hotel....why not suggest saving me $5 if you padlock the bathroom door? About as logical. Hotels = Bed with fresh sheets every night.  By the way, they obviously discontinued the minibar fridge because the power goes out when you leave the room. So why not take the fridges out of the room? Very amateurish to leave them sitting in rooms.The hot tub/pool facilities are the kind where you have to sign in, show your key, and walk all the way through the locker rooms before you can enter the pool area that looks like it's a Mexican hotel in the 80's. Not the greatest. I don't care to look at old man ass on my way to the hot tub.The location is good for catching a game downtown or for a night on the town. But for business or a romantic trip, there are better quality hotels around I'm sure.Oh, and the beds were extremely comfortable.
3	I do not understand the new obsession with hotels' being "green."  We were offered the chance to decline housekeeping (is this just to give them an excuse to fire some of their employees?) and to turn off one of the two awesome showerheads (what an awful idea), and were forced to insert our keycard into the light switch in order to turn on some of the lights.  None of it was that big of an inconvenience, but it all seemed bizarre to me.  And unlikely to be that significant relative to bigger decisions like using energy-efficient machines to wash the sheets, having quality insulation to save on heating and cooling, and so on.  Maybe the Westin does these things too, I don't know, but it seemed like the little annoyances in the room were more of a marketing gimmick than a substantive step.  (And like a previous reviewer, we noticed a faint smell of sweat and human body odor in our room.)Beyond that, it's fine--parking isn't cheap, the wireless is unreliable and slow, and in-hotel food options are dubious--but it's squarely in the middle ranks of what I have come to expect from downtown hotels in secondary American cities.
4	I stayed at this hotel while attending a convention in Pittsburgh. This is probably the best choice for accommodations if you have to go to the convention center a lot since there is an air-conditioned pedestrian bridge link between the hotel and convention center.I thought the room and beds were comfortable. I wasn't so fond of the cutesy leaf-shaped soap in the bathroom. I didn't like that you have to put your keycard in a slot in the wall to turn on the power in the room. Sure, it saves some electricity (and saves the hotel some money too, I'll bet), but that means you come back to a hot room every time. We ended up leaving a piece of cardboard in the slot.Parking is expensive. The hotel used to offer discount cards to bring the garage parking rate down to $10/day but they stopped doing that this year because of a change in parking garage management. So it's $20/day. Ouch! I parked at the Grant Street Transportation Center for $13/day weekdays and $5/day weekend. It's not bad but still less convenient than if I could park in the parking garage immediately under the hotel.Elevators are slow and the escalators between the lobby and function room floors kept breaking down. However, I'd cut them some slack here because the infrastructure is not built for 4000+ people hanging around the hotel.All those problems aside, I thought service was good and this hotel has a good location with walking access to lots of restaurants.
4	Overall a solid hotel, I've stayed here 4 of the last 5 weeks so I have a decent sample size.Pros:- BEST gym in any hotel I've ever stayed (100lb dumbbells anyone?)- As SPG Platinum, always a high floor or great upgrade, even when busy- Consistently clean throughout- Visiting sports teams stay here if you're into celeb spotting- Check-in staff is friendly- Location is great, access to both strip and downtown- Option for 500 pts instead of room cleaningCons:- Tough to get a reservation sometimes and they don't cut breaks to regulars (not at discounted rates anyway)- Restaurant is ok at best- Can be some bizarre crowds depending on convention (http://www.anthrocon.org/ - I'm not hating, but it's unusual)
4	Although I was only there one night I was pretty impressed with this Westin. From the dual head shower to the comfortable bed and pillows, everything was up to expectations. The real positive is that, although I got a room right across from the elevator (If I had been staying more than 1 night I would have requested a different room) it never became a noise issue. The two criticisms I do have are the breakfast menu in the restaurant, (NO BUFFET!!)  and the lack of concise instruction how the "Green Room" operates. For those of you who haven't experienced this as I hadn't, you put your key in a slot by the  door so you can operate the thermostat and bathroom lights. Good idea, maybe more education at check in. One more small annoyance/observation, it seemed as though the AC turned off at about 3:00 AM and the room became pretty uncomfortable. It was all 6 people in our party in six different rooms, not just me.
4	The hotel is kept clean and the room rates were very good.  The service from the staff was excellent.  Interestingly enough the restaurant in the hotel has the best sushi in Pittsburgh.
4	The Westin  convention Center is located downtown of Pittsburgh. I reserved a city sky view room on the 18th Floor with twin beds. I got a perfect beautiful view of the city from my windows. The room was clean with a large LCD TV, but the sink is inside the bathroom. If someone inside the bathroom, I can't brush or wash my face. I hardly got any sleep at night from the loud clinking plumbing sound from the next door usage of the bathroom. addional indoor Parking cost $19
3	I stayed here for a 2 day conference and was not overly impressed by the hotel. Westin has established a name for itself, but this hotel fell short. The service was wonderful, pool and fitness room above average, and the location was prime, but the hotel rooms are in need of updating and renovations. If I was paying for this trip, I would have been very disappointed.
3	The service was good. Tony the shuttle driver was very helpful as were all the women at the front desk. I became ill while I stayed there and they sent me up complimentary room service which was a nice gesture on their part. My only gripe comes from two bills at the restaurants I ate at. I had their brunch twice during my stay and then had all sorts of complications with using my debit card. There were charges that were just incorrect on the bill which took me a couple of days and couple of phonecalls to different departments within the hotel to clear up. That was really inconvenient and a hard way to leave after having a pretty nice stay other than being sick. The staff were all friendly and helpful and the I enjoyed the layout of the room and the double headed shower. I took them up on the 'Go Green option" and took about 1500 starpoints with me because of this!
3	I usually look for the westin whenever im traveling.  On my recent trip to Pittsburgh I booked this one specifially because of the close proximity it had to PnC park since I was catching a game.  Yeah its in downtown and its a huge hotel but this downtown is not really the hangout spot in pittsburgh.  Theres a couple of restaurants and I counted like three lounges after walking round a bit but none that caught my attention.  Teh hotel itself is ok not that super clean like the Aloft hotels.  The hallway carpets were stained and my bathroom was clean but outdated.  At least the bed was comfy and free of bedbugs(I check for that as soon as i enter the room a pet peeve of mine).  It's huge so whenever your trying to talk to someone at check in theres always a line.  Next time I will probably look for its sister hotel Aloft because this seems to be the better out one among the sheraton,westin and Aloft.  Oh yeah you have to pay for valet no private lot this runs about 20 bucks a night.
4	I've stayed at this Westin a few days a week for about a month. While technically located downtown, it's more on the outskirts of downtown (just based on my observations). It is connected to the convention center but I've never been inside so I can't give an opinion on it.My overall experience at the Westin has been positive. There is no 'Wow' factor but the gym is incredibly nice (but close at 10pm). The rooms are standard with all the normal Westin perks, such as a bathrobe, dual shower heads, and heavenly beds. There is an option for free slooooow internet but platinum members get internet for free (yay?). I hadn't noticed at first but after someone pointed it out, you'll notice there is an odor in the halls and rooms. It isn't very noticeable but its there.
4	Stayed here for a convention next door, mostly bc it was the most convenient. If I had realized how small DT Pittsburgh was I probably wouldve shopped around a little bit to save some $$$. This place was totally close to lots of things -- the river, the football and baseball stadiums, etc.But anyways, had a good two-nite stay.  Clean and quiet rooms, friendly staff (tho I really got the impression that all Pittsburghians are just naturally super friendly.. at least compared to Angelenos). I happen to like that they are making cool environmentally-friendly efforts to save water, power, etc.  Others reviews mentioned it was a hassle to come home to a hot/cold/dark room, but I got two keys at check in (one to keep w/ me, one for the light-switch thing that runs the lights and ventilation). Easy. Problem solved. There wasnt a fridge in the room, but I requested one and someone brought it up within 15 minutes.The internet was suuuuuper sloooow. And out of the 30 channels on the TV I think ~12 of them were sports. Ohs wells.
4	I've been here for several events over the past few years and I've always liked this hotel.  It's spacious, clean, and the staff is always friendly.I've even had an event here when I worked for another company and I can tell you that they are so helpful, knowledgeable, and proactive.  If there's one thing that I've learned organizing events, the staff matters the most when choosing a venue.  And if I had my way, I'd always have events at this hotel.  But I will say that hosting events here is a little pricier than other places, but I think it would be worth it.  I've also had breakfast and lunch at these events and the food is always delicious and fresh.  I still to this day remember the most phenomenal cobbler I had there...yum!
2	We got this hotel room via Hotwire at a great price.The location was good, although not close to where we were headed while in town. It was easily accessible to the highway. Parking at the hotel is expensive.My biggest complaint is that our shower wasn't clean. The walls in the rooms were thin; we could hear our neighbor's dog barking, as well as other people using their showers/bathrooms.Overall, for what we needed the room for (sleeping after a show), it was fine. But with the thin walls, expensive parking, and the dirty bathroom, i'd never stay at this place again. I've had better experiences in smaller, cheaper hotels.
4	I stayed here this past weekend for a conference.  I shared a room with a few friends at the conference rate, so I can't really comment on the normal price of the room.  The room was clean, though beware that the tile in the bathroom makes it look likely someone didn't sweep up hair.The room had the basic amenities (ironing board, T.V., etc.).  We didn't hear any exterior noises or noises from the hall in the room, which was great.  The beds were very comfortable (although the comforter, like in most Westins, is very warm, so opt for lighter pjs). The staff was extremely friendly and helpful.  I also really liked the convenience of having a deli, pizza place, restaurant, and coffee shop accessible from the lobby of the hotel.  However, this Westin seemed to lack some of the amenities of other Westin hotels, such as bathrobes and free coffee in the lobby.
4	I travel every week for work and was always a Marriott guy until this hotel made me switch to Starwoods. Why? The best gym I've ever encountered at a hotel.  It's so nice that locals can pay to belong to the gym.That, and the 500 points for declining room cleaning make this place a winner.
2	My boyfriend and I stayed here for a long weekend because we both had interviews in the North Shore area, which was a short car ride away. We got a very good rate on Hotwire--otherwise I don't think we would have been able to stay here. Although the hotel was very comfortable and in a good location, we could hear every noise from the hallway and adjacent rooms (including the bathroom). I was sitting up in bed reading, and every time the people next door closed a drawer in their bureau the whole headboard would shake.Parking was also expensive. We needed to use the car several times during our stay, so we had to valet park, which was over $20/day (plus tips each time we picked up or dropped off the car).The coffee shop attached to the hotel is just OK. The breakfast/lunch place was not very good. You will probably have to venture a bit to find affordable and good quality food (other than the hotel restaurant, which I can't comment on because we did not eat there given the high prices).One perk--the hotel does offer free internet, but it is a low bandwidth version. We didn't need the internet for work or anything so it was hard to justify paying for the high speed, so we used the free version. It gets the job done for email and web browsing, but it does not stream videos well.The bed was comfortable and the shower head was very good. I agree with other reviewers that the amenities were not as nice as I have seen in other Westins--no bathrobe, room service menu not as good, staff not quite as helpful. Also, because it is a green hotel, they will be a little stingy about replenishing your towels and toiletries. If you have a lot of people in your room or for some other reason require extra supplies, be sure to request that. We came back after housekeeping to find that they had given us a half-full bottle of shampoo to replace the one we had used. Not sure if they had just gotten that from someone else's room (gross!) or it had just spilled and they didn't want to waste it. They also failed to replace our in-room coffee and tea supply so we had to call and ask for more.All in all, we definitely would not pay full price to stay here, but might consider it again if there was another great deal.
3	I stayed here a week ago and was not impressed. The staff was very friendly and informative which was really nice (in comparison to the rest of Pittsburgh). We took the shuttle where ever we went (which was a bonus). But something about the place seemed slightly unclean. The countertop in the bathroom wasn't clean around the taps, and the bathroom in general seemed un clean. We ordered room service and the food wasn't bad, but not something a star hotel should  sell. There was also no bathrobe or slippers. I was not impressed witht that. Overall, not a bad hotel, just lacking for the price.
4	Recently I took a budget trip to Pittsburgh. How much of a budget trip? Well, lets put it this way, the only reason I went is because I was able to snag a set of free Megabus tickets. Wanting to keep the trip as cheap as possible, and stay centrally located to downtown, I decided to use Hotwire, and ended up staying at the Westin Convention Center. Although the hotel had glowing reviews on Hotwire, Yelpers overall seemed to feel differently, which caused me to worry. However, after arriving and seeing the room I was instantly relieved and happy with my decision. The room was clean, the beds were comfortable, and the view was an excellent 25th floor view of the Strip District below. On top of this, the staff were all very kind and courteous, and were more than willing to call cabs for us as well. My biggest complaints about the Westin really all surround the bathroom. Although very clean, I was annoyed with the fact that the shower made this crazy noise whenever it was on which sounded like somebody gargling at sonic boom levels. In addition, there seemed to be no fan, which meant if you got a hot shower, you couldn't see anything in the mirror without wiping it off. Lastly, there was no lock! I mean, yeah, we managed without, but it is still reassuring to know that a lock stands between your privacy and three of your friends.Overall however, I was extremely pleased with my visit and would gladly return to the Westin again if I ever find myself in Pittsburgh.
3	We stayed here for ... (drumroll...) a CONVENTION! They had everything we needed and basic operations were quite smooth. One problem, our room didn't have plugs next to the bedside for charging cell phones, and wi-fi is free only for your first 24 hours of stay. Printing in the business office was pricey - they imposed an access fee, plus .99 per page. I suggest walking to the nearby Office Depot for your printing services. Other than the hotel being technologically behind, it was clean, spacious, and pretty much identical to other Westins where we've lodged. Convenient to the convention center, and a small handful of restaurants. We recommend Sushi Kim, if you're 'bent-o that way'.For a short weekend convention stay, the Westin did the job.
5	Nice hotel.  Check-in was extremely smooth and quick.  Hotel is very clean.  Room is nice.  Shower drain kind of sucks but I can deal with that.
4	I am a fan of this hotel.  I've stayed here many times while visiting Pittsburgh and family for holidays and non-holidays.  The rooms are big and and usually very clean (never any weird smells like some have repored).  I like that they are green and that you need to put your key in a slot to keep the lights on/turn off lights automatically when you leave.  The staff are always really nice and have even upgraded me in the past.  I usually get my room via Priceline and they are generally the best deal in town for a nice place to stay with a view.  (I think the availability of this hotel on Priceline and Hotwire has nothing to do with the quality of the hotel, just quantity.  This is a convention hotel and when there isn't a convention going on, it really seems empty...especially on a holiday.  During those times it is almost as if you have the place to yourself.)  Quick tip: Park in the huge garage/bus terminal 1-block behind the hotel.  Much cheaper than valet parking and inexpensive for downtown parking.Quick tip 2: A modest tip goes a long way for better housekeeping service.  If you want some extra coffee/tea, extra shampoo, extra towels, etc...leave a tip.  I even got a nice "thank you" on the notepad. Quick tip 3: Try the bar called "Tonic" across the street.  Good drinks/appetizers.
3	As with many others, I stayed here for a convention.  There is something to be said for the convenience of walking across an inside bridge to the convention center when it is 38 degrees and sleeting outside.That being said, I was surprised by some of the things that were not included for a price of $250 a night.  There is only one night of wi-fi included. After that, it is $9.95 per day. I have stayed in moderate and even budget hotels with FREE wi-fi.  As a work-around, if you are on a low enough floor, the Tonic Bar & Grill has free wi-fi that reaches the hotel.There was also no airport shuttle, something I was really surprised by considering the Westin is a convention center hotel.  They should anticipate that most of their guests are going to be mainly at their hotel and the convention so they won't be renting a car.The plumbing is extremely loud.  Anytime someone flushes or takes a shower, you are going to hear it.  It was so loud that we thought our toilet was running continuously.Food options are limited near the hotel, especially after 5 PM.  For those looking for budget dining, a 4-5 block trek is required.There are some positives.  The staff is very receptive and responsive.  They also have a full gym with an indoor pool and Jacuzzi.  For guests who forget to bring workout or swim clothes, the hotel offers loaner clothes.  The beds are comfy and they don't skimp on pillows.For those looking for environmental friendly options, the hotel has a system in place wherein none of the lights or ventilation in the room operate without the keycard being inserted into a slot near the door.  This guarantees that everything goes off when guests leave the room.  There is also an option to forgo room service in exchange for either a $5 voucher every day or 500 Star Reward points if you are a member.
5	Stay here a few times a year and love it. Never had a problem.Their customer service goes above and beyond. I get an email before my stay (from a real person who I can respond to) if there's info that I need to know. For example, just got one today for a stay this weekend to inform me that a bunch of streets will be closed on Sunday due to the Pittsburgh Marathon, along with specifics about how to get to/from the hotel during this time. Can't beat that!
4	We stayed here for pleasure, not business and it was great. We had the Astros staying at our hotel (what's up Brett Myers and J Happ?) so it's got to be pretty classy, right? Parking was expensive. If you self-park in the garage, you don't have in-out privileges and valet is $22/night. But that's the price you pay for staying in the city I guess. We were able to walk to PNC Park as well as other shops/restaurants in the theater district. Staff was great, rooms were clean and our view of the river was beautiful. My only complaint was our neighbor's shower let off a high pitched, very loud whine when it was turned on. It woke us both up early. We were able to get back to sleep and we heard them fixing it later in the afternoon but it was annoying at the time.Other than that, I would stay here again. We got a great deal.
5	It's been about five years since I stayed at the Westin, and what I remember -- other than that the words of Annie Dillard were scrolling on the roof all night -- is that when I asked at the front desk for help finding a souvenir, Monica went to a flabbergasting amount of trouble (on her own personal time!) to hook me up.So it's like this. My name is Ben. The name of the Steelers' quarterback (beloved perhaps even more in 2007 than he is today) is also Ben. As a result, there seemed to be a lot of not-quite-trademark-infringement merchandise in the Steel City, and much of it had my name all over it.But I couldn't find a "Ben At Work" sign, try as I might. I asked Monica, who was working at the front desk, if she could help me figure out where to buy one. I figured she'd just tell me if she happened to have a few suggestions.Some people, it seems, just like a challenge.When I saw her that evening, Monica had walked up to the Strip District to canvas all the tchotchkie-mongers and tourist traps. She had come up empty-handed. I was astonished that she had gone to such trouble, but I accepted that there were no Ben At Work signs for sale between the Allegheny and the Monongahela.Some people, it seems, just like a challenge.Undaunted by such silly little things as the complete and total nonexistence of the desired merchandise on store shelves, Monica got creative. She remembered having given a magnetic "Ben At Work" sign to a friend and called that friend up to ask whether she might be able to get it back.  The friend said "Oh, that? I gave it to my mom."Some people, it seems, just like a challenge.That's when Monica called up her friend's mom out of the blue and asked if she still had the sign, and whether it had any sentimental value. No, it doesn't, why do you ask? Well, you see, a guest at my hotel asked if I...Next time I saw Monica, she had (after finishing her shift at the most popular convention hotel in the city) driven across town to the house of a friend's mom to retrieve the precious artifact.Here's a photo of her handing it to me. http://j.mp/BenAtWorkAnd when I offered to pay her what she had once paid at the store, she wouldn't take a dime.And when I offered to pay her for the gas she'd burned driving across town, she wouldn't take a dime.I assume, based on the letter I wrote to the hotel's general manager and copied to corporate (back in November 2007), that she has since been promoted far higher than the front desk. But it wouldn't surprise me a bit if I found out that she had declined to be promoted to a position where she couldn't surprise and delight her customers.Some people, it seems, just like a challenge.
2	Just stayed there for a wedding...room was ok, but the toilet was very noisy...when I opened the tank to see if I could make it quieter it looks like the fill valve hadn't been changed in 10 years.They have an "Eco" thing where you can decline having your sheets changed and in exchange you get a $5 voucher to use at the food and beverage sites at the hotel...warning...you can't use it on alcohol but they don't tell you that...I learned that when the bartender told me.  Rather than telling me that, he should have said "I am not supposed to take this, but I will for you" then take the $5 out of his tip jar...I would have tipped him the $5 back for good customer service.  Instead he left a bad taste in my mouth and now I am Yelping about it.One more thing about the $5 incentive...I didn't realize that meant that housekeeping would not visit the room at all and we were left without new coffee cups and coffee and "glasses" (which are cheap cheap cheap plastic cups).  I think for the price of the room and their "Eco" programs, they would be able to put a few glass glasses in the room.Good location and an easy walk to other restaurants, bars , hotels and sites.Parking was kinda pricey but not unreasonable for  downtown in a major city.
2	Beautiful rooms, excellent meeting spaces. The beds are like clouds and the double shower head in the bathroom was amazing. However, the customer service lacks excellence and the WiFi is completely unreliable.
3	Great hotel. Close to many attractions and well maintained. Parking is a little poor though. The only reason for the 3 stars is that the Internet is abysmal at best. I thought a convention center would have half decent Internet, I was wrong.
2	Marginal at best for the money. The whole place really does not seem up to the standard of other Westin properties I have stayed at.
4	Conveniently located next to the Convention and Conference Center in the heart of downtown. Great furnishing and modern up-to-date amenities one would expect at a Westin property. Big full head rainfall shower and comfy pillow and mattresses to relax after a long day
4	Great location, central to many Pittsburgh locations. I must say though, I'm glad that I've always stayed here on someone else's dime. It's not cheap. The parking is pretty pricey, around $20 a day. If you're looking to save a few bucks I believe you can park around the corner at the Greyhound Bus Terminal for about $14 a day (?).Beds are super cozy. I'm a huge fan of their toiletry line - white tea aloe! Also a big fan of the fact that their in-room coffee is starbucks (see photo!). Thank god. The front desk staff seem very helpful, but I have not really had many interactions aside from the check in & out processes. Connected to the convention center if you're traveling for an event there - can be convenient in the winter months since there's no need to walk outside. The gym seems amazing. They now have a program where they'll even lend you workout clothing (there may be a small fee?) and shoes! If you're traveling by plan and have limited packing space this could be a life saver!One thing that really burns me is the internet. It's "free" but when you log in, you'll see there are actually 4 or 5 different options. I have a feeling that if you're not paying you're getting lower bandwidth. Annoying. Would do 3.5 stars if I could.
5	The Westin gets five stars for being flexible, friendly and accommodating to this working mom. I'm a breastfeeding mother who was on my first business trip away from my child. I arrived at 7:30 in the morning after taking a red-eye and during my stay requested access to a private room before check-in and access to a freezer.The Westin staff went above and beyond to help out and even offered to move my luggage into my hotel room once it became available so that I didn't have to leave my convention session. Everyone I encountered including the cleaning lady on floor 21 and the guy who delivered a refrigerator to my room was prompt, helpful and friendly, even at 4 a.m as I was leaving the hotel.For a city-dweller who doesn't mind walking, the Westin was also within 30 minutes stroll to a great weekend farmer's market and the Mattress Factory, a contemporary art museum. We had delicious soul food at Carmi Family Restaurant. Overall I was pleasantly surprised by the convenience of the location to arts, culture and good food.
5	Yes the beds are comfy and all that... but creature comforts aren't what merit the 5 stars.  A human does.Her name is Nasiba.  She's a housekeeper, and she made the room sparkle.  There's no geiger counter that can measure the TLC put into a tautly-tucked bed sheet, but if there were... it'd be spiking in Nasiba's rooms.I tracked her down and met her in the hallway, and we had a nice chat.  She's a delight.  She's Turkish, and was a refugee in Russia, but apparently they didn't exactly roll out the red carpet.  She smiles (and melts your heart) when she tells you in her still-being-honed English "but I came to America seven years ago, and America took me in.  I became a citizen three years ago.  I am American now."  Big smile.  Man oh man, in people like her (hard-working and affectionate toward her new home) you see, and revel in the fact, that we are indeed a nation of immigrants.  She took the time to do it right.  And it's moving.  I told her we're very glad she's here.Plus, she has a little American flag in her huge cart.  And that made me smile.She gets the Unsung Award of the day.
4	I really enjoyed my stay here. It's a pretty pricey hotel but we got our room off of hotwire. The location was very convenient and the hotel is very pretty inside. I thought the rooms were very spacious and comfy.
4	We stayed at the Westin Convention Center at the end of June 2013.The front desk staff was very friendly.  He helped us out with toiletries (since my bags were lost) and great locations to eat.  He upgraded our room to one near the top floor with an amazing view of PNC Park and Heinz Field.  Since we were staying there for a Brewers-Pirates game, this was a huge bonus!  The hotel had a free shuttle that took us to the baseball game.  Don't bother with the pool - it is TINY and you have to sign in and out to use it... very odd.
1	completely worthless wifi.
4	My husband and I recently called the Westin home for four nights while we were in town for a wedding.  We booked the hotel at a great rate on Hotwire.  Knowing fully well what we were getting ourselves into by perusing their website (what's in the neighborhood, price of parking, restaurants in the hotel, amenities, etc.), we were a little bit afraid that since the hotel was next to the convention center, that perhaps the hotel stay would feel too "corporate."But, this was not the case at all.  We felt so at home in this room.  We were on a high level floor (Starwood Preferred), and our large hotel window overlooked the rivers and the ballparks.  We even got to see fireworks the night we arrived!  I had called ahead to let the hotel know that my husband and I also were coincidentally celebrating our anniversary that weekend, so we were welcomed by a complimentary bottle of champagne and a plate of chocolate covered strawberries.  SOOO delicious, and SO good after a long day of flying across country.The hotel charges $24/night for valet, which was worth it.  Self-parking is only a few dollars cheaper every night, but it really saved the long haul of luggage and having to walk with tired feet coming home late every night.  And the valet crew was outstanding.Another perk is that there are two restaurants in the hotel.  One of them closes late every night, so there was no lack of food or drink any minute of our stay.  The additional bonus is that Downtown Pittsburgh is pretty hopping and busy, and being so close to many great restaurants and theaters, there is no shortage to all the fun and interesting things within walking distance of the Westin.And, to me, the best thing of all of the bed!  It was one of the best beds I have EVER slept in, and I unusually was able to get right to sleep once in bed, and I stayed asleep.  Oh, man, I'm still dreaming about it!In the end, loved the hotel.  Would stay in again if the rate was right.
5	We used the Priceline.com option that had us pick an area, then it told us our hotel after purchasing. The hotel we got was the Westin, which was perfectly placed about a 20 minute walk from Heinz field.We chose to park a block away at the Alco lot (might have been Arco? I don't remember). Anyway, it was $5 and we didn't have a problem walking 5 minutes to/from the car. Check in was easy, and the lady at the desk had some great suggestions as to where to buy some Steeler gear.The very best thing about the room - the king size bed. Amazing. It was probably the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. The memory foam pillow top really made it incredible. We have an old double bed at home, so I'm probably a little biased.The room had an energy saving option by placing the room key in a slot in the wall. We never tried it, so if you don't like it at least know that you don't HAVE to use it.The shower had a neat dual-head feature. It would hit your head and straight on your back if you wanted. The water pressure was pretty nice, too.If you are looking for cheap, late night food... Pizza Parma was like a 2 block walk away and has some nice cheap ($3 for a slice and 2 drinks I think it was), crispy pizza.
4	We are packing now, were here for an academic conference on new guidelines being implemented throughout the states.The beds at the Westin are very comfy, as are the pillows.I thought it was a nice stay.***Wifi is $15.95 a day**** This is highly annoying.  This is not per room it is per computer. My husband paid the fee and the network only connected his computer. When he is away at the conference, I have no access to wifi.The television seems to also go black several times during programs.
2	Facilities are very nice, beds are a little small for a couple.  At six am on 3/21/14 the neighboring room's alarm (1106) went off and cut right through the wall waking everyone up. I called the front desk at six thirty asking them to send someone to stop it, she said they would have to "involve security". 8am now and it is still going full blast uninterrupted. Great start to a vacation courtesy of Weston.
1	We always stay in Westin Hotels. We are Starwood Preferred guests. We have NEVER had any problems or complaints. We have stayed in Westin Hotels all over the country. But this place is downright disgusting.  Where to start.... No fitted sheets on the beds? Have to call to unlock my mini fridge? The "green energy saving" light switches? The TV movies didn't work? The place is just dirty. From the vents, to the phones, the outlets and light switches, no trash can liners, and the lack of towels. We kept having to call for towels. OH and the house keeping! We left two times during the day and asked them to come clean our room BOTH of those times. We came back the second time and it wasn't cleaned? I called down to complain and told them to send someone in an hour because we were going to nap. Two seconds later, they come to want to clean? I was furious. We were excited that they had an indoor pool and hot tub. I wouldn't step foot in that hot tub ever again. Unless you want to catch a disease. So gross. Paint chipping off inside. The pool is strictly a lap pool. And the women's locker room was nasty. Looked like it hadn't been cleaned in a month. I'm only giving this hotel 1 star because you can't give them zero. The only plus was the shuttle service and driver. Don't stay here, save your money.
5	4.5 stars (but you can't do that so five). Every employee We talked to was super helpful and pleasant. Took the staff elevator due to heavy conference intake. Staff service just exceeded all expectations and everything was enjoyable. No issues and great location.
1	After looking at the hotel online I was excited, the pictures looked new and very nice. I was in town attending a conference at the convention center so along with how great everything looked, you couldn't beat the location. However, I had the absolute worst hotel experience at the Pittsburgh Westin. I am a Starwood Preferred Guest member and up until now have had great experiences, but this one was so bad it really makes me question the integrity of the brand and I am hesitant to stay at another Starwood establishment. Even tonight as I try to log into my SPG to see if my points for being "conservative" with the room were updated, I can't logon to the site as "The system is temporarily unavailable." I should also note I have photographs of everything, because I couldn't believe how bad the stay was. 1. The terrible experience happened before I even arrived. When I googled the hotel, accusations of bed bugs appeared on both Yelp.com and Bedbegregistry.com - and the hotel had yet to take the time to respond. A simple detail that if someone was paying attention they would be able to resolve. 2. I arrived at the hotel after a 7+ hour drive only to find out that the bathroom in my hotel room was broken. After two calls to Guest Services, about 30 minutes later a maintenance man came by, and it took him about 15 minutes to fix it. So a total of 45 minutes before I could use the rest room after arriving. I had suggested to Guest Services on the second call that they move me to a new room and it was awkwardly laughed off. 3. After using the restroom (finally!) I noticed the tub was dirty and there was mold on the top of the shower by the rod and on top and inside the mini-fridge. The mold was "new" so it could have easily been wiped off and taken care of if the room was being properly clean and attention to detail was paid. The fact that the hotel lacked the ability for such simple house keeping was surprising. 4. The paint in various places of the room was chipping and some of the furniture, most notably the side table were knicked and scratched badly. 5. Because of the bed bug reviews, I stripped the sheets to look for evidence. I did not find any, but did become aware of many brown and black tar stains on the sheets that were tucked in to the mattress. 6. I begrudgingly ordered room service because of how late it was by the time I got settled. I ordered the Turkey BLT with lemon aioli and arugula salad. Instead I got cold, what-seemed-like-day-old deli meat, burnt bacon with a thin, thin layer of mayo, not aioli. The arugula salad did not have 1 piece of arugula - it was mixed greens with shredded carrots instead. When you read the description and look at what I actually received, it is very, very disappointing. 7. The coffee pot in my room leaked all off, wetting the sugar, napkins, etc. 8. They charged the wrong credit card after both myself and my office manager telling several different people which card to charge. I had booked the room on a corporate card, and my office manager had believed she straightened everything out at the front desk that they were to charge the card on file because I would not have the corporate card with me. The first thing I was asked by the front desk was for a credit card. After I explained the situation to the front desk, they insisted that the card on file would be charged and they just needed my card for "incidentals" - after back and fourth I gave in and gave them my card, assured it would not be charged. Then when I checked out two days later, I once again confirmed that they would charge the card on file and they still charged the wrong one.  Fast forward to the following week when I notice the charges, I called the billing department and someone has still yet to return my call. I am being charged interest on this card for their mistake. This was an absolute terrible experience and I am very disappointed at the Westin and Starwood Hotels for their obvious lack of pride and detail with this hotel.
1	Really poor service and way overpriced. You could make much better choices.They do not keep to a high standard of service.The rooms are not worth the money.
2	I had great expectations that were sadly not met. For the price of the room, I was expecting a LOT more for my buck, maybe I was just too optimistic. I will say the whole hotel was clean and didn't have any unsanitary conditions. But it just seemed outdate for the top price paid, it could use a spruce up. Our room was ready before posted check-in time and when we got to the room there were no problems. The wi-fi was free and the tv channel selections were pretty good. I would say this is an average hotel for amenities with a high price tag. Usually when you pay top tier rates, I usually expect the service staff to be very friendly, didn't get that here, I think I had one of the service staff actually talk to me unsolicited. I would not revisit The Westin Convention Center. My wife would probably give it 4 star just for the shower head, it was pretty amazing, but when that is the highlight, I don't think there is value here.
3	I love the location of this hotel.  While I didn't stay at this hotel while there were any conventions the location of this place is great because it's walking distance to some places on Penn and not too far from the strip district.  As far as parking goes you can park at the bus station right across the street and parking overnight is a steal compared to parking off Ft. Duquesne the last time we stayed at the Wyndham (formally Hilton) by the triangle.  While there is a fish restaurant in the Westin it didn't get very good reviews so I avoided it.  Being so close to the strip district you could walk if you wanted to at least to the western portions of it.  As all Starwood chains this hotel has big comfortable beds.  Also every Westin I have been to has a bit of a modern feel to it.  The room decor is never outdated and the property is well kept.  As expected the room was very clean and it smelled very fresh as well.For downtown Pittsburgh I like this location and this hotel over some of the others I've stayed at in downtown because of the location and the convenient and affordable parking as well as the comfortable rooms and bed.
4	I've always loved this hotel. Lovely location right by the river, near enough to the sports venues for a pretty easy walk over the bridges.Check in was pleasant as I've always experienced here, staff were all very friendly and helpful.Rooms were clean but could use a bit of updating; finding a convenient outlet to charge my phone was a bit of a challenge. One odd note, you must use your room key in order to turn the lights on in the room. There is a slot for that purpose just as you enter so, take my advice and get at least 2 room keys.The restaurant attached to the hotel, a lovely, fine dining establishment called the Old Fishmarket, is slated to close at the end of October, 2014...in it's place is going to be a restaurant called "Bill's Burgers & Grill" I hear it is good, but we shall see next time I stay here.There is the option of self-parking or valet parking on site at the hotel.
3	A classic example of a hotel that can charge whatever it wants, because it's attached to the conference center.Among the extras they charged for: access to the fridge in the room, and *wireless internet.*  These days, free in-room wireless internet is as standard as hot and cold running water.  Parking was also expensive, but, that's to be expected for the location.On the upside, the views from the hotel were outstanding, the service was very good, and the rooms were clean.  I also really appreciated having a nice shower with large bath towels; the Westin doesn't skimp there.If you're at a conference, you're probably staying here regardless of yelp reviews.  If you're just looking for a hotel downtown, this wouldn't be my first choice.
3	The hotel is centrally located which made it a nice walk back from the Steelers game. It was clean and the staff was friendly. The beds weren't super comfortable. I expected the hotel to be a little nicer than it was. I think the false fire alarm at 6am was unpleasant considering I never heard why it went off in the first place. If you are a deep sleeper than forget hearing the alarm. All in all in was a decent hotel but not one I plan on staying at again.
2	This is my 2nd stay here and since I had to unload my car at the valet and bring my own 5 suitcases to my room on a valet car I am already disappointed in the service. I actually had to get on the elevator with my own luggage with other people with this big cart. Disappointed that the Fairmont had no vacancies. Ditch this hotel.
5	Everything was perfect about my stay here. The moment you step out of your vehicle you are greeted by friendly and helpful staff. The room was super clean and nicely decorated, spectacular river view over looking the Pittsburgh skyline, Heinz Field and PNC Park. Best part..The room was very quiet, ultra deluxe beds that was heavenly and the complimentary hot chocolate and marshmallows that was waiting in our room after a chilly evening stroll where all nice touches. Can't beat the location, we where within walking distance of many great restaurants, bars, shopping and public transportation. Amazing hotel! Super sweet staff. Will definitely stay here again the next time we are in Pittsburgh.
1	Valet lost my car keys and have been incredibly unprofessional! Completely unacceptable and I would warn everyone about using valet services here. Disgusted.
4	We travel to away Saints games and stayed here for the weekend.  The hotel was very nice all around.  Efficient , friendly staff and genuinely hospitable.  The rooms were in good condition and well-maintained.  We really liked the location in town and the river is right there; a beautiful setting.  The restaurant is the usual hotel fare, especially at breakfast.  Nothing in my opinion to distinguish it but still fine if you don't want to venture out.Back to the staff:  Really went out of their way to make us feel welcome.  Lots of the usual joking because we're Saints fans in full regalia and they're die-hard Steelers (and who could blame them?).Anyway, I'm attending a convention in June in Pittsburgh and have already made my reservations there.  If you're going to be at the convention center, this is an unbeatable place to stay.
