3	I like this store, usually buy some greeting cards and gift bags. It worth to shop here once a month, I can find something I need cheaper than Wal Mart. =)
1	I had bought some items for a halloween costume.  Thus meaning after halloween I would have zero need for it.  Upon the assembly of my costume, several of the glow sticks didn't work.  I tried glow stick after glow stick, and finally was able to get a few of them to work.  This greatly compromised the whole costume, but being unwilling to let this defeat me and ruin the night I had planned with friends, I pressed on.  The costume was just "okay" and if the glow sticks had actually worked, it would have been phenomenal! I had made the decision to not open any more packages with the idea that since their product was defective (more than likely because of kids like the previous review mentioned) that they would certainly refund my money.  They have a no refund policy, which I could understand if I just didn't like it or didn't want it.  But this situation merits special circumstances.  I called the store and explained what happened and was pleasantly surprised that they agreed to a refund.  When I went in to do the refund, I was told no one authorized that.  I was also told by the cashier that in her lucrative 6 year career at the extremely high class establishment, that she has never seen defective glow sticks.  Well that must make her the authority on everything glow stick!  But I digress, I asked to speak to the manager.  He told me that he could exchange the faulty glow sticks for new ones.  I again explained it was part of halloween costume and the time for exchange had long passed.  I will admit that the GPS on my phone caused me to dial a different Dollar Tree store, and they were the ones to offer refund...but I'm curious if refunds are absolutely not possible, why then was the other store willing to do one?  When I discovered that I had dialed a different store and explained that to the Avondale location, I asked why they could give a refund, but he couldn't?  He said they should have never offered it to me.Here is the problem as I see it, if ones merchandise is defective, I don't care what your policy is, give the refund!!!  Also, if another store offered the refund, they should honor it.   I have been in customer service management for over 15 years.  I currently manage a site that does not offer refunds.  But I also know there are always extenuating circumstances, and in those situations, I call those over me and get it done!!!!  Because I would rather at least try to assist the customer than not.  An unsatisfied customer will always remember less than par service, and the same can be said of excellent customer service.  With this being such a high tech day and age, sharing your good or bad experiences is simply at your fingertips for potentially thousands to see.  Was that $15 refund worth the bad review?  Especially in a time when people are suffering the hardest financially?  There are several dollar stores in the Avondale area.  My recommendation is that whomever reads this uses any of those over Dollar Tree.  If you Dollar Tree employees read this, let this be a word to the wise, the consumer right now has the upper hand.  We the consumer have a voice and as choice.  Trust me, this doesn't end here.
3	Need some snacks for work? Need gift bags, gift wrapping paper, b-day cards? Need small trinkets to give away? Come over to the $ store and stock up on these and other items. Don't expect a lot of quality items, it's the dollar store.
