4	A brand new hair salon chain opened in the strip mall across the street from my job.  I love it!!  They took the suite next to Midori and I conveniently needed a haircut that day.  Also, because of their opening, they were advertising $7 haircuts on the road.  I thought, why not? I'm just going to shave it.When you walk it, the associates are nice.  They ask you to fill out your complete information so they can add you to their system.  Seems  pretty elaborate than what I'm used to, but no real issues.  I can't remember my associate's name (sorry), however, the entire staff was super friendly.  My stylist took the time to consult me and made sure I was comfortable the entire time.  I love that each station is separated by colored fabric separators.  In the end, I loved my experience.  Didn't really take a long time so nothing more to review.  I will be back when I need another haircut though.  Thanks for becoming so convenient!
2	The particular lady who cut my hair had no clue what she was doing. I had to refrain from using the word 'trim' as she had no idea what I meant. I have been before and got a better haircut from a different lady. It's a roll of the dice.
1	The lady that cut my hair had no idea what she was doing.  She was just clipping away quickly.  I came home only to see that my hair was cut uneven (the right side was an inch longer than the left side of my face).  The worst hair cut I've ever had in my life.  I went back the next day and another lady fixed it where it's now decent.  But I will never go back.  It's geared more towards guys.
3	The Pebble Marketplace Great Clips is one of the hair salons that I frequent. It is halfway between home and work. It is  also convenient because it shares the same shopping center as Smith's, my bank, and Starbuck's. After work I appreciate convenience.  More than convenience, I appreciate talented and personable hair stylists. I'm sure many of you reading this have had a Samurai hairstylist where you couldn't wait for the miserable hairstylist to finish aggressively cutting your hair. Anyway at the Pebble Marketplace Great Clips, every hairstylist that cut and styled my hair has been talented and personable. With that said, I give a shout out to hair stylist Robin. Her artistry of beard trimming and hair styling transformed my caveman look to clean cut within 20 minutes. Throughout the whole time we were joking about the Vegas weather.  Great Clips is up to date with the computer age. When you visit Great Clips, you have the option of putting your name in a computer data base. It's kind of neat because it records your hairstyle. So, when Robin started cutting my hair, she knew off the bat that I prefer the three on the side. The computer data base also comes in handy for online appointments.  What Great Clips isn't is a fancy hair salon. It is my understanding that they don't wash your hair at a sink. What Great Clips is is Great Value. Twelve dollars buys a nice haircut. People have complimented me on the Pebble Marketplace Great Clips haircuts.  So, they are doing something right. Value extends to beard trims and shaves. Their $5 beard trims and shaves are one of the best deals in the area.   Regardless that I am not dedicated to one hair salon,  there ought to be additional check-ins here. The service and quality of haircuts equal 3.5 stars.
5	friendly place great haircuts and great prices   much recommended.They seem to know what they're DoingAnd in a good location.Go there!!!
1	Attention Great Clips: You need to tell your "beauticians" that when an upstanding citizen comes into your store that he does not appreciate when he gets told in a mocking manner how small his ears are. This happened not once but twice. I am very sensitive when it comes to the temple known as my body and I don't at all appreciate that when I'm there to enjoy a high quality haircut that I have to sit there and accept being joked about. I have stopped going to this particular location and I highly suggest to anybody with any kind of ear issues to stay away and boycott this location. I may have small ears but I can hear everything
