5	Awesome new restaurant to the Saint Laurent scene!!If you have never tried Burmese food before run don't walk to it now!!The owner Pri will guide you through the food and culture that Burma (now known as Myanmar). I had the Mohinga which is soup made from fish, garlic, onions and lemongrass. It is served with thin rice noodles and other condiments. The taste is so refreshing and it is fishy. I also had the tea leaf salad which is made out of fermented tea leaves. But trust me that this will be one of the best and unique thing you will ever eat in your life (Anthony Bourdain just had some on his trip to Myanmar and loved it). This salad is a perfect appetizer to start your meal. I wish NY/NJ had a Burmese restaurant that was half as good as Ruby Burma. Please support this place and Montreal will have another star in their restaurant world for many years to come!!
5	Burma/Myanmar has finally opened up to the world after decades of relative isolation.One of the first things to come out, is of course the food.The best way I can describe Burmese food is to try to imagine the freshness of the ingredients like Thai cuisine, the heat of Indian and the exoticness of Indonesian all combined together in a unique way.The absolute signature dish here to try is the Tea Leaf Salad. Myanmar is one of only 2 countries in the world that actually eat tea leaves. The Burmese take tea leaves (the same kind you brew in order to drink) and then marinate it in a combination of, I'm guessing, lime juice, fiery hot chilis and other ingredients. They then use marinated tea leaves along with other ingredients, like peanuts, beans, coriander, chilis, greens to create which is by far, the tastiest and most unique salad I've ever had. This is the sort of stuff you begin dreaming about and as soon as you get home Google the recipe so you can create it at home.Let me put it to you this way: There is another Burmese restaurant in San Francisco called "Burma Superstar" and it's a 2 hour wait to get in or even pick up food. Guess what their signature dish is as well? Tea Leaf Salad.It's not just their salads which will knock your socks off. I ordered the shrimp curry, extra spicy (they adjust the level of heat according to what you ask). They went and actually made it from scratch for me. It came in a beautiful, rich tomato curry broth which included fresh red, hot chilis from the owner's garden and fresh coriander/cilantro. I cleaned the whole thing off and it was not difficult to do.They have only been open for 2 weeks and they are awaiting several permits but it looks like it will eventually become BYOB and there will be a lunch menu as well.In the meantime, go. Try it now. I plan on returning soon to try their tamarind pork.The owners are super nice and they aim to please. They are really hoping to expose Montrealers to Burmese cuisine and I really hope they stick around for a while.
4	I really enjoyed this restaurant for a whole slew of reasons! 1. I love south east asian cuisine and this place hits the spot for mixing all those authentic flavours that you find in that region... honestly, that tea leaf salad was as great as they say and had so much flavor!! 2. Our server was so so friendly. She was a lovely Burmese women and asked us constantly for our feedback and even cooked us two types of naan to hear our opinions. 3. Its is a small business - we gotta support it! There are only three people working at the resto right now and you can tell they've really invested a lot into it and are proud of their country and cuisine. We were a large table (8) and so service was a bit slow because of this coupled with their very tiny staff, but honestly it was a very pleasant experience anyway :) . We ordered a whole variety of items - I had the chicken curry which came with potatoes in the curry and naan and it was great. Everyone else was satisfied with their dishes as well - veggie curries, pork curry tamarind, potatoe curry, and more! I will definitely come back to try their signature fish soup as well in the very near future! Eat here.
5	Ruby Burma is a gem! Just opened in April 2013, it is the first and only Burmese restaurant in Montreal. When my partner and I walked in we had no idea what Burmese food would taste  like but we decided to be adventurous and try something new. We were greeted by two very friendly owners who then rushed to cook us dinner from scratch! The food was delicious, somewhere at the crossroads between India, China, Thailand. We tried four dishes: 1. The Green Tea Leaf Salad is famous Burmese appetizing dish featuring pickled tea leaves. The salad has a unique texture, crunchy crispy and nutty, with an assortement of beans intersperesed and a house special dressing made of lime and fish sauce. 2. Baya Kyaw is a fritter of course split pea mixed with Burmese curry spices, served with dipping sauce ( fresh tamarind, ginger garlic...). These were very fun to nibble on. 3. Ah Thoke Son or Northern Light Salad is great for vegetarians and boasts a mix of 24 ingredients including 4 types of noodles, green papaya, tofu, onions, and a tamarind dressing. It was served in room temperature and it is delicious- but this is HOT and if you need it toned down to suit your palate, be sure to ask.  4. Chicken curry- was very interesting- usual suspect ingredients, onion, ginger and garlic, and light tomato based sauce. But tasted nothing like Indian or Thai curries. A very unique flavour. Ambiance was slightly loud being right St. Laurent, but we didn't mind. With every bite on these new and exciting dishes, we felt like we in some urban centre in Myanmmar.  Overall, a fantastic experience! I will be back to support this new business and help this unique cuisine flourish in Montreal.
4	Burmese cuisine is a rarity around here, so the recent opening of this restaurant (April) is a welcome addition to Montreal's culinary scene. I stopped in on a Saturday afternoon and while the place was busy, we were still able to get  table at the back. I found the restaurant to be bright and very clean, and the tables spread out enough such that you don't end up eyeballing your neighbor's dishes. What can I say? I like my personal space!With so many delicious items on the menu, it was tough to make a decision, but I finally went with the Northern Lights salad, which consists of 24 ingredients. Did I remember to write down those ingredients? No I did not - but I can tell you that there are four types of noodles and papaya in there. This dish was served at room temperature, which was perfect given the crazy heat wave we've been having lately. You have the option of adding meat (chicken, pork or beef) and making the dish as spicy as you like it - just let the waiter know. I really enjoyed the dish - it was very flavorful and the right level of spice for me.  Can't wait to go back and try the infamous tea leaf salad!One thing to mention - the portions are huge so you might want to consider sharing, unless you've got a very large appetite! Considering the very reasonable prices, you are definitely getting your money's worth at this place. My only 'complaint' was that the service was a little slow - but I wasn't in a hurry so no big deal.
4	It's terrific to have a Burmese restaurant in Montreal. Until now I was only able to get a Burmese fix on visits to San Francisco.My favorite part of Burmise cuisine are the salads. These salads are made with many ingredients and are full of a multitude of tastes and textures. The Tea Leaf Salad is a must have. Another must have starter is the Inles Fries. These are made fresh daily and so wonderfully creamy inside, like nothing I've had before. We've tried a number of the main dishes including, the seafood Htamin Kayaw (fried rice), various curries and Kartkyi Kait (noodles) all of which were very enjoyable. However, in my mind the Inles Fries are the star of the menu.All the dishes are great for sharing so go bring some friend and spend the evening sampling the menu.
4	Very tasty and interesting. We had the fermented-tea-leaf noodle salad and catfish chowder. She told us, when she served it, that they use Tilapia instead of Catfish (Umm, shouldnt you put that on the menu?) since Quebecois don't like the taste of catfish. But it was still excellent. They do not serve alcohol, so BYOB. Service is a bit slow, but still a great place to eat and really nice break between the heavy French meals on the rest of our trip.
5	My wife and I just ate here last night and loved it.  Everything here is made fresh and with care--true authentic Burmese home cooking.  I enjoyed it so much I returned today and ordered their fish curry with salmon.  Again, I truly enjoyed it.  I will definitely be back often.
5	Ate at Ruby last weekend. Every dish we had was stellar. And the service was very nice. Our waiter was a real gentleman.
4	What a nice bright new little light on a sometimes dingy, mini-skirt-over-ridden stretch of St Laurent! We moseyed in last night on our way from the Pop HQ up to shows and found just what the reviews below describe - bright, spacious, clean, not fancy but lovingly tended to. Our waiter was young, kind and attentive with a dear smile and - most importantly - we didn't feel like we had to overstress the fact that we were looking for low on the spicy meter (my friend has a serious reason for asking, and all too often the request is ignored.) You could tell he took this question seriously, and we knew we were in good hands.But anyway - the food! The fermented tea leaf salad is such a combination of light and savoury flavours, plus cripsy roast nuts and seasame seeds I plan to pop in and just order this for myself for a quick meal in the future. So filling and delish! We also shared the chickpea fritters, yummy and not greasy which would be their downfall, but nothing to bang gongs over - next time I'll try the Inles Fries instead! We also shared the tamarind pork curry which was just perfect. Soft delicious pork, no bits of fat left lurking beneath the thick sauce, all succulent bites ready to get melty in your mouth. Not too spicy or too fruity, just an amazing flavour with a kick. You can tell this is a family place making every dish with love, bringing incredibly delicate Burmese flavours to Montreal (yay! and finally!) I'll be back.
4	I never had Burmese food before but I like all Asian cousins. I must say this place is one of the special hidden secrets in the city. The food is amazing, according to the owner, they make everything from scratch. It does taste like homemade. The portions are decent. My only observation though, the service is a bit slow but I do not mind waiting 5 extra minutes for a freshly made meal. I am definitely going back.
5	Ruby Burma is an awesome surprise on a rather unpleasant stretch of St Laurent. We ate the fermented tea leaf salad and the catfish chowder. Both were refreshing, filling, and absolutely delicious. I highly recommend both dishes. The prices were great; 30 dollars for the whole meal (two people). To top it all off, the waiter was an absolute sweetheart.Every single menu item looks great here - can't wait to return.
4	(Belated review: Was here in July)I love Burmese food and although there was a fairly long wait it was well worth it The food is great and very authentic and the service is courteous Just make sure you have time and aren't in a rush I recommend the fermented tea leaf salad
5	The food was excellent, the coconut milk - curry soup that I had was so flavorful and was one of my favorite dishes that I had while in Montreal. My two friends also had a fantastic meal as well. But I was compelled to write a yelp review because of the earnest kindness of the waiter and the woman who rang us up.These are such friendly, positive people who (I know this sounds weird) actually seem to really care about you and how good your experience is. They asked us multiple times if we needed anything and were extremely hospitable. At the end the woman talked to me about burmese food and wished us a happy new year. Excellent people and you should give them your business based on how awesome they are. The undeniable food is a bonus!
5	My last meal of 2013 summed up an amazing year: trying new things and great food.Never tried Burmese cuisine before, but if this is what it tastes like over there, my next trip is catching the next flight there. We ordered 3 things (see pictures if you don't mind salivating): Latphet Thoke (tea leaf salad)Byah Kyaw (chickpea fritters)Ohn noh kauksweh (coconut milk soup noodles)Everything was amazing. The fritters were some of the best fried food I've put in my mouth (and I've eaten a lot of fried stuff). Dipped in the cilantro tamarind sauce will make an addict out of you. The tea leaf salad had tons of ingredients, great texture and great balance. The noodles were very, very hearty, perfect for a -25 degree NYE in Montreal. Sprinkle some pepper flakes, lime and raw onion (provided) to give it that great kick. Every staff member (except one) is from Myanmar, so you can bet your savings on the authenticity.Check out the owner's bio on the Yelp page, she's a very interesting person! Got to chat to her about the situation in Burma aka Myanmar and ask her travel advice! One of my new favourite cuisines (although I do say that a lot...)
5	I have now been here three times and I can say with conviction that it is one of my favorite places in Montreal. Don't let the outside fool you, the food is fresh, delicious and options for everyone are plentiful. Not only that, the hosts are kind, charming and helpful. The coconut chicken soup with egg noodles is warming and has the perfect ratio of noodles to broth, the flavors and textures bring the whole thing together. The vegetable curry is amazing, could have possibly been spicier but there is nothing I like less then receiving a pile of mush with curry flavor, here every single vegetable was recognizable, cooked perfectly in a thick sauceAs for the salads, nothing but good things to say, they are varied, flavorful, and have lots of care put into them! I really cannot wait to go back and try the other dishes! Im sure they will be just as fabulous.Also, save space for desert!! The cake is absolutely to die for.All in all amazing food and lovely hosts.
5	This place is AMAZING, I've done tons of traveling and love ethnic food. This place is legit! Seriously every dish has been amazing. I turned my whole office onto this place and we are all hooked! And they're SO NICE! Please support them! The fermented tea leaf salad as odd as it sounds is off the charts.
4	Really good and not expensive. Very good quality, plates are rich. I was surprised that the owner advice us to order less food because plates are big, this is not common. With lots of people at the restaurant, service may be slower
5	I eat at Ruby Burma about once a week, I love it. Super reasonable prices considering the quality if the food, great friendly service. One of my favorite spots in Montreal.
5	One of the best Asian cuisine in Montreal. This place went beyond my expectation! The dishes tasted good and most of all low prices!We got the tea leaf salad and chicken noodles. Those dished looked fresh and made with all natural ingredient. The tealeaf salad was crunch with nuts and the dressing was kinda like Italian dressing but with some additional Burmese flavour. The chicken noodles was awesome, it came with some soup, but tasted better without. The different flavour mixed together well and I just wanted more. I will definitely be a regular at this place. Also, the service was good too!
2	The cook who inspired all of these rave Yelp reviews must have been off the evening my friend and I went because the food here was so bland and underwhelming. We had such high hopes for Montreal's first Burmese restaurant, but left disappointed. We will not return and will not recommend this restaurant to our friends. I gave two stars to this establishment for the fact that the owner was courteous with us and prompt in placing our order.
5	The owner was friendly and helpful. The food was delicious, authentic, and not overly expensive. Can't wait to come back here!
3	Well it's been 50 minutes waiting for food. So that's great. Not even the appetizer is out.  Took 20m before we got the menu .However the tealeaf salad is amazing also the fritters The main dishes plate 23 and 30 vegetarian and shrimp curry were okayMy suggestion don't come hungry but the food is great
5	I can't remember what we had, but it was all very good.   Reasonable prices.  Maybe ten tables.  Small staff -- seemed like just the cook (who could be seen from most tables) and the hostess/waitress/owner. There could be a long wait if it's full.  Bring some good company.   I liked the fact that the portions were the right size (rather than being way-too-large as they are at many places).
1	THEY SERVE COLD AND MICROWAVED DISH!WORST DINING EXPERIENCE EVER!! My girlfriend and I were here for late lunch (around 2pm). I ordered a chicken curry and she ordered a vegetable dish. After waited for around 30 minutes the food was finally served..and guess what, the vegetable was HALF WARM AND HALF ICE-COLD!!!We called the waitress and she quickly brought it back into the kitchen...few minutes later she was back and the vegetables looks extremely soggy and dark. My girl friend asked if they have microwaved the food and that's when things turn from bad to ugly. The waitress started asking if we have ever used microwave before or if we have one at home, and said that every restaurants does that now. My girlfriend said if that's normal then it should be no problem writing that in a review.The waitress snapped and started yelling how we are trying to sabotage her business and saying that we are trying to not pay for the food! Please note that we have not at any point said that we would want the food to be free...she just want the others in the restaurant to think that she is the victim. She then kicked us out of the restaurant!!I am speechless still as of now and I would NEVER EVER go back there.
1	Yeah...I think the owner lady is crazy...don't ever complain or she will flip. She served me cold food and went nuts just because after she brought back a plate of saggy vegetables I asked if she microwaved my food. Quote of the day "Why didn't u tell me if u don't want me to microwave ur food" "u r gonna sabotage my business" "u just want free food don't u""u r only here looking for trouble" "please leave" ----All I've said was "u brought me cold food and after I told you, you microwaved it, do you think its right to do that? " from my experience, the wait is super long, curry was normal. Appetizer is good but overall, the day is ruined because of this restaurant.
4	We picked this on a whim (and while I'd read the reviews for this establishment, I was still unsure). They do not serve alcohol, but it is b.y.o.b (for wines, I suppose, as that's all I saw on the various tables - they will water their plants with the unused portion, which I found equally amusing and rather interesting). The food is great, very flavorful, and deceptively large (considering their portions of rice). They can actually make food spicy (regular spicy, not Montreal spicy (which isn't real spicy)). Their desserts are also sumptuous. The owner had a wonderful chat with us as she cleared our table. However, while the service is attentive and friendly, it is on the slower side.
5	The tea leaf salad is a must!  It is super refreshing and unlike anything else I've ever had.  The pork with tamarind sauce was very tender and delicious.  The location is convenient and the staff was very nice and accommodating.  I would come here all the time if I lived closer!
4	Just stopped by to check out this place following some excellent friend recommendation.  While we did not really want to eat much we did sample their soup (chicken lemongrass) and their fish dish which was really impressive.  This is a new discovery and I look forward to trying more dishes, this seems like a perfect place for a multiple diner experience.  I am planning a redo with lots of friends so we can sample each dish.  They are a BYOB which is nice (what with for brothers and the SQ meters away.  Will update when I have tried more but so far so very good.
1	If you like good burmese food, please don't come here. I went to Ruby Burma with great expectations based on the Yelp reviews but was sorely disappointed. We tried the tea leaf salad (which was mostly lettuce and a bit soggy), the kow soy (bland, without the crispy noodles and pickles), and another salad (which was also soggy). Nothing was authentic or fresh for that matter unfortunately. I expected much better.
2	Ho-hum. What a varied couple of experiences we had here.The first time my partner and I visited Ruby Burma I swore that it was the first time I had ever said "there's a party in my mouth" and meant it. Honest to goodness, the tea leaf salad is nothing compared to anything I've EVER tried. If you've never tried Burmese food, get on it, NOW! We were even able to go grab a bottle of vino to match our meal since it's BYOB (and the SAQ is across the street!)That time the service was a bit slow- but honestly nothing to think twice about.Thrilled about the food the first time round' I decided I would bring a group of my girlies to kick off our ladies night. I suppose I jynxed the affair since I talked the place up so much- it took us over two hours (we were a table of five) to eat. By the time we even ordered we had already polished off the first bottle of wine; the waitress informed us it would take about twenty minutes to get our food since the cook was alone and they were preparing a large takeout order. Ho-hum. An hour and another bottle of wine later five hangry and tipsy foodies got their meals from one especially sassy waitress. In general, the food on the table seemed to be up to its high standards, although I found my coconut soup was tepid and the noodles were way overcooked.The cherry on top was when we went to go pay- I was the last at the table to pay- the waitress now informs me that there was corking fee (which there wasn't last time...?) and she just assumed I'd take it since I brought the wine. Ho-hum.Ok. Rant over. Maybe avoid this place on a weekday? They seem to be understaffed on weekdays. You should still try Burmese food.
5	I went there with my girlfriend not knowing what to expect from Burmese food and we were amazed by how good it was. This definitely something to try and I'll go back there again !
4	Burmese is my favorite cuisine on the face of the earth and I was very excited to stumble upon this place. I'll try to strike a balance between my obvious enthusiasm for Burmese food and my perhaps unrealistic standards -- I tend to compare every Burmese place to Burma Superstar in San Francisco, and Burma Supertar Ruby Burma is not. The tea leaf salad was indeed delicious. Not the best I've ever had, but it was quite good. If you're new to Burmese, make absolutely sure you order this dish. The shan noodles had good flavor, too, and were appropriately pungent. The BYO wine policy is lovely.I gather this place is newish. I hope they make it and I hope they continue to improve. The staff and service were very nice, attentive, and eager, but it seemed like a little something went wrong with everything. Our appetizer could be picked up by a hair cooked into it (these things happen, I know, and they kindly replaced it). After clarifying that the shan noodles were vegetarian and that we needed all our food vegetarian, the noodles were served with chicken soup. They forgot about the tea leaf salad and so had to ask us about it after we had already eaten the other things, so it was more or less a delayed salad dessert. Again, they were very nice, but not a great sign that this was how things went on a Friday night when the place was nearly empty. Hard to imagine what a busy night would be like. Nevertheless, these kinks can easily be worked out and I hope they are. The restaurant has a lot of potential.Finally, one more recommendation in case the restaurant looks at these reviews. A slightly expanded repertoire of Burmese dishes on the menu might go a long way. In particular, samusa soup would be a great add, and it would be nice if coconut or saffron rice were available with the main courses. But of course, this is my Burma Superstar standard creeping in.
1	-BUG EVERYWHERE, DON'T LOOK UP AT THE LIGHTS YOU WILL GAG-SERVICE TAKES FOREVER, DON'T GO HUNGRY-BATHROOMS NEED A KEY, ATTACHED TO A DIRTY WOODEN SPOON-PRICES ARE RIDICULOUS FOR SUCH TERRIBLE QUALITY-HORRIBLE FOOD, WEAK FLAVOURS-WHEN THEY CLEAR A TABLE, THEY DO NOT WIPE IT DOWN. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED. THEY SIMPLY RESET THE FLATWARE AND NAPKINS. NEVER GOING AGAIN.These reviews have got to be jokes, because there is no way anyone could consider this food to be good by any standard. To begin with, we walked in to the mostly empty restaurant and had to flag down the hostess to be seated. We wanted to be seated near the window, no luck, as that would have meant that she would have had to clean the table off first. So she declined and sat us elsewhere. We then waited for 20 minutes to get a menu. Again, we had to flag down a server in a mostly empty restaurant. She immediately got us a menu, by taking two away from the couple seated near us....WTF. They hadn't even ordered yet. So the four of us had two menus. Oh well, that's ok. We waited another 25 minutes for her to come back and ordered. We got the #10 Glass Noodle Salad, #1 Chickpea Fritters, #17 Chicken Noodle Dish, #27 Beef Curry. The Salad was not glass noodle. It was a strange type noodle similar to spaghetti, the flavours of the salad were mild and almost non existent. Curry, chicken, hardboiled egg, coconut milk, and cucumber with peanuts. But every single component was so watered down it was a joke and the chicken was coated with a mystery ingredient. :P My favourite part was the salad was luke warm so i had no idea if it was supposed to be hot or cold. The beef curry was also a letdown. Very very mild with cheap cuts of beef you could have bounced off the floor. Even the appy was a let down, cheap fritters with a small serving of sauce, COVERED in chill flakes, enough that we gave up on the sauce. I love spice, I'll cover anything in Siracha, but come on it was a joke. My least favourite was the chicken noodle. It had tomato sauce from a can and half cooked noodles. It was served with a side of broth meant to be poured over it, but it was just dried garlic and pepper in a weak stock.Such a friggin ripoff
3	I want to begin with the fact that I am Burmese and really wanted to like this place.  Most people don't know where Burma is on the map and to find a Burmese restaurant is like gold.  My husband and I ordered his favorite dish Nangyi Thoke -- chicken noodle dish.  Surprisingly the dish was pretty good, but the noodles were just so chewy.  Definitely was not expecting that.  We also ordered the Mohinga Hinyay, which is just the fish soup.  That required a lot more fish sauce, lemon, and spice, but I personally was too timid to ask for those ingredients.  I thought it would be rude to have to dress up their dish as if it was my kitchen.  The last dish was the biggest disappointment, Watthay Hin -- pork and potato curry dish.  No where in Burmese cuisine is pork curry tomato based, where are the spices that make Burmese food different and unique.I hope that the owner will one day make her food actually taste like Burmese cuisine.  Ask for some fish sauce, lemon, and red chili pepper -- that might give her a hint to make the dishes a tad bit more authentic.
4	I live close by and wanted to try something a little different.   The food was fragrant and not too heavy.  I didnt think I ordered that much but was difinately full when I walked out of there.  The service was fantastic.  Byob is a was a great touch, and there is an SAQ up the block. I look forward to going back.
4	Delicious Burmese food which is like a confluence of Indian and Thai food. The service is a bit slow and then we realised that everything is cooked from scratch so more like home cooked Burmese cuisine which we are totally OK to wait 20-30 minutes to eat.
5	yum yum yum!Went with a party of four - we were seated immediately. The waitress was quick and polite and answered all of our questions. The owner was really sweet and came over to our table to explain a dish to us since we weren't familiar with burmese food. Everyone was really happy with their meals and extra points for so many veggie options! Definitely will be back again!
4	Really liked ruby Burma - would definitely go back.
5	There is a special charm about eating out on a slow evening in Montreal. More often you end up chatting with the owners. This was one of those evenings. Sunday afternoon drinks led to late night dinner. As we stumble into Ruby Burma we were greeted by a pleasant Burmese lady, who also happens to be the owner.Despite my friends unintentional efforts to insult the owner, she kept a calm demeanor and explained that my friend could replace chicken with tofu if requested (Good News Vegetarians!)This was my second visit, the last time I can confirm they know how to pack heat in the food. This time I was intrigued by "Dan Pauk" or as the owner explained to me, a "Burmese Biryani". Now the Biryani is a very complicated dish to make, everybody has their unique twist to it. Some people can go simple or some people can complicate the dish with lots of flavour and saturated fat. Here I was pleasantly surprised it wasn't the standard "lets bombard it with heat so you cannot taste the flavor" Biryani that Montreal is cursed with. The sweetness came from fried onions (which are caramelised at this point) and a helping of assorted nuts (Bad news Allergetic people!). Also the accompanying cucumber "salad" mixed with the Dan Pauk is an excellent dash of complexity to the experience.If you ever get a chance to talk with the owner for a longer period, ask her about her life, travelling the world with her husband. Sometimes restaurant raconteurs will surprise you!
1	Wow! This place needs to close shop ASAP. Worst service package complete with dirty table upon arrival, drinks never arrived, took an hour before very bland food came. I really suck at writing and would like to continue. But For real the whole problem is that the owner lady gave zero effort to try to do anything to make the experience better. I believe she doesn't deserve to serve the community at all. Time for a new owner and menu.
