3	I have not been to this Wendy's in the 2 1/2 years I have lived here and now I am moving out...I have no food at my house since I am moving and I got sucked into a commercial for Wendy's natural cut french fries, so I drove on over and ordered a fish sandwich, fries and a frosty. The drive-thru was quick, the staff was friendly. This is why I am not a big fan of fast food - the commercial always looks better than the real thing. The fish sandwich was boring, the fries were to crunchy....but they get three starts for that chocolate frosty. Probably will wait another 2 1/2 years to visit another Wendy's....
3	So I am definitely no a BIG fan of the red head. I was just raised to to follow weird creatures that were the underlings of a creepy clown. Last night though as we drove by my regular quickie, I made a fast stop at my local Wendy's.     One thing I have noticed is there have been a bit of changes. Some additions and subtractions. Wait you took away my frosty with MIX'INS!!!!!????? It was bad enough when they got rid of the cookie dough mix'in, but take them away all together? You just lost yourself 4$.     We arrived around 8pm. No line at the drive-thru which I love. I ordered a double baconator, 2 large fries, and a cheese baked potato. No I did not engulf all that food. My lovely wife got a fry and the potato. Here is the breakdown:Baconator- 11/13 cows. pretty dam good. I like bacon a little crunchier. The patties were nice and full, nice portion of bacon. My only question is this...When I ordered it with no Cheese and no mayo(if it came with it) he lady rang up  no cheese, add ketchup. Why???That confused me. My biggest quam was the lack of ketchup. I am pretty sure 1ml of ketchup is not enough. Luckily my kitchen is equipped for emergencies. THE FRIES!- 85/100  %DV of sodium. I do not know about you but when I first had the new Sea Salt fries, I was very impressed. They are by far my favorite new fast food burger joint fries. Just do not tell that funny looking guy with the big feet. Did I mention  all the fries stayed home by the time I got home??? score!!!Baked potato- Yeah baked potato is pretty hard to screw up... So I give it score of mehh.. Not amazing but not great. They also shorted on the sour cream. I have worked in the food industry. They make a killing on practically everything they sell. Soda is like 99% profit when you order one. However they will go bankrupt if they give an adequate amount of condiments. WTF???     Overall, good experience and about 13$. Our meal was just what we needed to make it through the night. Wait, did I mention they did not wrap my burger in foil?? Another unwelcome surprised you red headed devil lady. Next time I go though I want to be like Harley from Epic Meal Time and order a TRIPLE!!!! http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=7X_AqTuKBIANext time my fellow Munchers!!!!
1	Slowest "fast" food in the area. On a Sunday afternoon, sat in the drive through line without moving for 8 minutes.  So I had my son get out and walk inside while I parked. Only two people inside the restaurant, and finally, 10 minutes later, we're pulling out of the parking lot following the car I was initially behind in the drive through to start with. The worst part? After all that, they got our order wrong. A sandwich and a salad, 2 ice waters. Simply unbelievable. Heck with it. I'm not going back.
