5	This is a lovely little place. Deceptively large.  At the front is a little coffee and tea place - with lots of home made cakes on display.  At the back is a great French-style restaurant.  Awesome food, wonderful flavours, and very reasonably priced too. Love it.
4	The food is Cafe Marlayne is very good, but the service is a bit patchy. Not the spot for a quick lunch, but if you're in relaxed mode, you'll be treated very well by the place.Overall, we said: "the quality of the food was excellent. My main course was one of the best I've eaten, of late. However, the service we received wasn't good. I'm sure the start of the festive season explains this, at least in part, but the venue's split configuration, and their choice to have staff managing service across both parts of the place, doesn't lend itself to good service, as far as we could see."
4	I popped in here for lunch on my own because I was heading into town.I just sat in the cafe/ bar area at the front to eat, but there's a large, bright and lovely room at the back, all properly set up for food, so I'm really keen to go back and try it properly. My smoked salmon sandwich was delicious - and enormous. And cheap! The staff were lovely too, very friendly and encouraging me to take a look round the whole place. I'll definitely be back, soon.
5	One day in Edinburgh and I've had enough "oh... You have a toddler... We have no tables tonight" to last me a lifetime. We stopped here on the way to another "family friendly" restaurant and never left. Deceptively large, with a dining room in back, and we were ushered in warmly and given a large table and a high chair, and no evil looks, either. Appetizers were the buffalo mozzarella salad and the terrine of rabbit; both were delicious, prompt, and devoured entirely. Dinner was a ribeye and garlic haricots verts, and pork belly with an unexpectedly delicious mint pesto. Again, both meals were devoured and thoroughly enjoyed. A bottle of reasonably priced Malbec was superb with both, and even went well with sticky toffee pudding and hazelnut semifreddo. Note: The toddler ate off our plates for all but the Malbec and had no complaints about the food, service, or ambiance. And he certainly didn't object when one of the two servers smiled at him, called him cute, and gave him a lollipop as we prepared to leave. Dear Edinburgh Restaurants: Take a cue from Cafe Marlayne and don't discount customers just because they have little kids. Nobody here batted an eye at seating us, serving us, and giving all three of us a fantastic experience. Cafe Marlayne: We'll be back in a few hours for breakfast.
4	cafe marlayne is a true edinburgh gem.  this place serves up simple tasty french bistro food at a reasonable price with a daily changing menu to reflect what is best in season.  so clearly this was a perfect place to have a mother's day lunch for the boyfriend's mom.  and lucky for us they had a table as most other places seemed to be booked out.i love this branch of cafe marlayne as the front is a cute little cafe type seating.  there's a counter with cakes and a coffee machine and big comfy couches with cosy looking arms chairs as well.  then you walk through to the restaurant and theres loads of light and tables and gorgeous green printed wall paper and a happy buzz of contented diners.  i was impressed that despite it being a cold and rather snowy day out the restaurant was warm and cosy with lots of light.the menu on mothering sunday was lovely and had too many good options to choose from.  we actually had to send the waiter away twice while we made final decisions.  i decided on the hake with butternut squash puerre and a caper sauce.  i added some mashed potatoes for good measure as well.  the other orders were two sirlion burgers and the toulouse sausage.dishes took a bit of time to arrive which reassured me that everything was made fresh to order.  although i did have a bit of food envy watching the table across from us getting served their meals.  luckily ours arrived not too long after and i soon had in front of me a lovely plate of pan fried hake atop a lovely puerre of bright orange butternut squash with spinach mixed in and caper sauce.  also a bowl for creamy mashed potatoes that were just delicious i never wanted to finish them!  but the real star of my dish was that butternut squash...it was just OMG....  i feel there may have been loads of butter mixed into it, but it was sooooo incredibly tasty and went incredibly well with the hake.  the whole dish was perfect and i made sure to leave my plate clean.  all our plates were clean in fact and everyone seemed very pleased with their dishes.since we had forgone the starter in favour of cake after our mains, we then had the taks of deciding which one to get.  there was a board of about 7-8 cakes to chose from!  i went with the white chocolate and pistachio cake which was lovely and not too sweet.  i definitely enjoyed it as i also did the taste of baked lime cheesecake i got.  the meal was ended with a cup of tea that arrived in a massive teapot for two people.  i could have gotten at least three cups out of it which is perfect for me, the more tea the better!!so another excellent meal at cafe marlayne and i definitely look forward to visiting again.  i love that i've never had the same dish twice and there are always so many delicious options to choose from.  only four stars though as service was a wee bit slow and it took ages to get someone to pay attention to us to get the bill.
4	Great little place. From the outside it looks like a small cafe but they have a decent sized dining room in the back. The food was great albeit the service was a little slow, though it could that i'm used to the american "fast in, fast out" dining service. The staff was friendly and the costs were very reasonable for being a busy tourist area. I definitely recommend going if you are in the area.
3	Stopped in for a quick breakfast. I had the scrambled eggs with lox. It was a fair amount of lox so I'd say it was a good deal. Sandra's bacon and eggs was good, she really liked the bacon.
4	I really like this place.  We had brunch here the other day.  The staff are super super nice.  I had the croque Madame.  Omg.  So good.  My dc's ordered the scrambled eggs, which appeared to be runny but apparently tasted quite good, the panini, the eggs Benny....everyone left happy and satisfied!  Yay cafe marlayne!
4	Cafe Marlayne is one of my favourite restaurants in Edinburgh. The food is simple but always tasty and very reasonably priced for what you get.Don't rely on just the menus they have on their website, as they also have a 'snack' menu on offer which I didn't know about - but which suited me yesterday as I didn't want a big dinner, but did want something to fill up my stomach.The snack menu consists of items such as omelette, paninis, hawaiian bbq pulled pork panini, croque monsieur / madame etc. I had a goat cheese, beetroot, walnut and thyme panini. For drinks, it was a large glass of bubbly (one of those mini bottles of bubbly to ensure you get all the fizz you deserve). The panini was tasty and the little side salad well dressed.Mmm.. The star of the show was yet to come. For dessert I ordered a passionfruit pavlova. Oh my goodness! A pavlova so light and fluffy like you were eating manna sent from the heavens above. The pavlova was absolutely delicious and made me so happy that I almost cried (and almost wanted to marry the chef).Thank you Cafe Marlayne for the good food you serve - you guys rock!
4	WHAT?! I thought... I thought this place was tiny! I... I have to dress up as Thorin now and hug Robyn Z while saying emotionally: "Never have I been so wrong." Memetastic.Basically, behind the cute'n'kooky cafe out front displaying its deeeelicious looking cakes, there is this enormous and beautiful room with elaborate wallpaper, an upright piano, cool art on the walls, candles, lots and lots of tables and space... woah. I had no idea.When we arrived, we were offered a couple of options for places to sit, and we (predictably, on such a freezing cold night) elected to sit next to the radiator. The only slight issue with this was that I had my back to the upright piano, which has a little lip on the lid. I have this big, big laugh that is basically a "HAAA!" with my head thrown back, and on one occasion this resulted in my almost needing stitches, but I think I managed to stop the bleeding... ok, exaggeration. I bumped my head on the corner and said "ow" quietly, is all that happened.Anyway, the food, folks. I wasn't too sold on the bread that came while we awaited our mains - the wholemeal seemed a little bitter and dry. However, when the main event arrived... well, I can't remember the last time the very first mouthful of something made my eyes widen, my heart leap and my voice go "OH!". I'd ordered the guinea fowl with curly kale and sauteed new potatoes, and that kale and those potatoes were the first thing I tried. And OH MY. Flavour explosion. Amazing! The guinea fowl was tender and perfectly cooked. At first, when the plate arrived, I thought there wasn't much on it, but it was the perfect amount. I had a couple of Robyn's fries that came with her steak, too, and oh my. Light, crispy, beautifully seasoned... perfection.Dessert was where the real difficulty lay because the selection was fairly astounding. We informed the waiter of our indecision and he was so helpful with his recommendations. "The sticky toffee pudding is the most popular, but in my opinion, is nothing special. The carrot cake is very good, and the fruit and frangipane tart." Right you are, sir! Carrot cake for Robyn Z, F&F tart for me, and, of course, we partook of one another's desserts... in the name of, er, reviewing completionism. My tart was warm, which I hadn't expected, and served with mascarpone. It was utterly delicious, although "fruit" seemed a little vague and I'm not convinced there was much involved beyond apple. I could be wrong, but that's how it seemed. Robyn's carrot cake was monumentally huge and really nice, although I'm not sure it necessarily would stand for me in an identity lineup of carrot cakes. Oh, but to be in a situation where I had to taste an identity lineup of cakes... now I'm in a dream world...
2	An extremely disappointing visit for me and I won't be back.This is quite sad for me as this little hidden gem is really beautiful inside, light and airy with tasteful decoration. I was here with a few work colleagues for lunch and upon arrival, bread and butter was placed on the table. I asked the waiter if there was any flora or suchlike - his nostrils flared, his mouth pursed as he told me with disgust that there was not. Fine, but when a customer has explained a lactose allergy then it would be nice to try and accommodate that?This set the pace for the rest of the meal. There was almost nothing on the menu that I could eat.Everyone else dining with me seemed quite happy with their food though so if you have no weird dietary requirements then give it a bash.
5	Last time I was in Edinburgh, I was curious about the restaurant as it came up as one of the top pics.  We were staying nearby at the Holiday Inn Express so it was perfect to check this place out for a late lunch after we checked in.  It was a cute and cozy kind of place.  I loved that the natural light would brighten up the place even on a rainy day.  Shortly after we ordered, we got a basket of bread and butter that was really good. I was tempted to try the croque madame but ended up getting the salmon.  It was perfectly cooked and really loved the curry sauce to accompany it.  We didn't have enough space for dessert but the pistachio cake looked amazing.  Would love to come back again - maybe try the restaurant as well.
5	I've been here probably around 10 times, and it's still one of my favorite cafes in Edinburgh.When it's sunny, you can sit outside (they've got quite a lot of seating outdoors), and when it's raining, you can move indoors (they've got loads of seating indoors too!).  I don't think I've ever been when I couldn't find a seat!  And they've got a variety of different seats from comfy sofas to small tables.They serve a huge selection of teas (many of them herbal), plus coffee, brunch food, sandwiches, and desserts.  (There are 2 gluten free desserts - one is a brownie, which is really tasty, and the other is a polenta cake.)The staff is friendly, and they bring the food and drinks to you wherever you're sitting so you can relax the whole time you're in there.  Best of all, there's free wifi (something that few good cafes in Edinburgh has unfortunately).
