3	My review will be for the Grooming site within this Petco location. I took my dog into Petco Grooming for the second time to be groomed and the appointment was at 2pm. I thought I'd shop the store and wait for my dog during her appointment. It couldn't take more than 45 minutes to an hour, right? Nope! Once I was done shopping around the store I went to check the progress of the groom. The groomer was gone and I could see my dog in a kennel waiting to be serviced. Also, my dog is a rescue and is afraid of being in a kennel, cage, crate. I continued to wait and the groomer returned at 3pm. She said, "Oh, have you been waiting the entire time? A groom takes two to three hours." I wasn't sure how to respond because I was upset but I didn't want her to know and then rush through the groom or "accidentally" clip my dog. I asked her when she thought she'd be done and she said, "I'm off at 4 so she'll be done by then." Ok, she'd be done in AN HOUR. I headed home without my dog at 3pm and then had to return at 4pm when the initial appointment was at 2. I thought it was ridiculous for the groomer to schedule an appointment clearly during her lunch break. Sheesh!!! All in all, she did an ok job on the groom. I would give a lower star rating for the grooming portion because of the lack of customer service, but I'll return to the store because other Petco employees were fantastic and helpful. It's too bad because the first time I visited the Petco groomers last June it was such a positive experience, it's close to home and reasonably priced. I'll visit this Petco again, but I will be seeking a new groomer. Bad scheduling and bad customer service speaks volumes.
2	I don't know what Petco these photos are from, but this Petco is pretty lackluster.  Grooming looks like a little hole on the wall and training isn't really present.  As normal, it smells.  I think it's the ferrets and the fact that they house too many pets per cage.  I've even seen a dead white mouse under a pile of live white mice...like it had been suffocated by the mass.  The employees seem like they are bored and just there for the paycheck.  Saltwater aquariums are a nightmare, and bugs everywhere around the reptile section.  Not worth the effort really.
