4	You don't have to stay at the hotel to want to dine at this place. We live a mile or so from here and came across it by accident and I am glad we did. They have great food and the service is usually good. They have HUGE pizzas that are excellent and I love their portobello sandwich. Appetizer portions are HUGE and they do have a decent Happy Hour. They have any sporting event on you can possibly want and are very accommodating to change the channel to something you want to watch. The only reason I do not give it 5 stars is because the service can be a little inconsistent but all in all, pretty darn good.
4	I did write an update giving 5 stars but then we went tonight and I had to take it back. We ordered an appetizer, salad, and sandwich to share plus a burger for our two year old. It all came out at the same time. That is a huge pet peeve of mine at restaurants, Our table was so full we had no room for our plates, we had to eat the hot sandwich first, then the hot appetizer (which was almost cold by that time) and then the salad. And try to keep the hot plates away from our kiddo. Not cool. How difficult is it for them to understand, one dish at a time in a timely manner unless otherwise specified. Still love it there, next time we will have to ask and be more specific.
3	I didn't even know this place existed!In any case, naturally I ordered a burger since I gather its sports bar and all.  The Arizona burger was actually pretty good and the portions were fair.  I generally order a medium done and they hit the spot.  Love the steak fries that came along with it!  Overall food was real good.Ambience is my problem; I gathered it was for patrons of the hotel.  However, what kind of patrons; I don't know.  The place seemed outdated and very conservative.  Yawn!  Sports bar?  Did anybody catch that play on the old CRT TV screen....haha okay that was a joke, they had LCDs.  Point being it was a quiet night I attended and since our group was pretty large we sat in the "bridge" room I call it.  Since it connected to the next building.  Needless to say too quiet for my taste.However, service was good.  The food came quick and the waitress was extra careful and sensitive to our time.  Kudos!  Overall, if they can just bump it up a notch to make things more exciting this place was be fine. - Enjoy!
4	The food was really quite good at this hotel restaurant/bar. The service tended to be on the slower side so eating here during lunch breaks from a corporate meeting wasn't an option, but we ate here for dinner several times throughout the week we stayed at Chaparral Suites. I like that they had room charge set up, especially since the food was billed to the company card :)
3	The gay waiter with the glasses was kind of an aloof dick, but hey, I get it... We can't all be fabulous at our day jobs.  He was courteous to our table of 50+ patrons and the blue cheese burger was pretty fantastic.The night staff manager woman is awesome and was willing to deal with me in all my annoyed self when I ordered drinks.  The signs say that service ends at midnight, but the security staff was escorting people to the bar as late as 12:15, so there must be some leeway...All the TVs were suspiciously silent for this being a sports bar, another plus...  I'll come back again.
3	Good food. Much better than your standard pub grub. The garlic bread is especially awesome. Nice wait staff and a few TVs to watch.
4	Okay so we spent a week at the Chaparral Suites and this is the restaurant attached to it.  Naturally, we ate there for dinner on the first night...I was shocked by the service and quality of the food in all the best ways.  There are two sides to the restaurant - the bar side and the dinning side.  We spent all our time in the dining side because of our group size, but 1-4/5 people would do just fine in the bar side of things.There's a menu left in your room at all times so you can order their food as roomservice and here are all the things I tried:-The Cowboy Club: Amazing variation of a club sandwich that I will have to make at home because it's probably one of the best i've ever had.-Bbq Chicken Pizza: Shared on the first night, this thing is massive but for 6 people was just the right size (a personal size pizza is about the size of a medium 10 slicer from pizza hut while the full size is as long as the round table we were sitting at).  Highly recommend this one, amazing flavours!-the 1/2 order Macho Taco done with the breaded fish fillet: unless you can eat a horse I don't recommend doing a full order, these things are huge, but they are so insanely good you have to try at least one!!  I did mine with fries and honey mustard dip.-Soups:  I did the Gazpacho, the Chicken Tortilla, and the Chicken Noodle...I loved every single one of them.  The chicken noodle was on the menu the day the bf needed it the most and we all had some with garlic toast.-Garlic bread basket: you get a ton but it's absolutely delicious!  Soft and flavourful, not dry and crunchy.-Fries: If you get the sweet potato I suggest you ask for the chipotle mayo, if you get the regular they're lightly battered like some fries are and they're great with any dipping sauce.-Scottsdalian chicken salad: Massive but absolutely delicious!  The pinenuts and pesto sauce just make it work.  And they aren't skimpy on the chicken!-Onion Petals or Fried Zucchini: I suggest you go for both...seriously...the onion petals were just right on the onion to batter ratio, and the zucchini came as rounds not sticks and the batter was seasoned so they were super delicious and not so juicy they were scalding like you normally get!-Florentine Cheese Dip: it's like a queso cheese sauce done awesome.  You get enough to share and it's got a huge punch of flavour you just won't get enough of!-Chicken Tenders: Again not skimpy on the chicken and cooked just right!  Highly recommend with either the bbq or honey mustard sauces.  Done buffalo style they're delicious!-Rib Eye steak dinner: Great steak, they know how to treat a rib eye cut properly!  The baked potato needed a bit more sour cream but I'm a sour cream addict so it may be just right for normal people ;)  The vegetables that came with the steak were simply impossible not to inhale!The front of house manager was a hoot the entire time we were there, though we only saw him the first two of the dinners we had in the restaurant proper, and as a treat for their anniversary he had a dessert brought out which was their brownie sundae...not recommended for a single person (unless you skip dinner), it was absolutely delicious and very easy to polish off between the six of us.The manager also was kind enough to send a bottle of merlot to their room as a surprise, what a nice guy!We will definitely eat there again even if we're not staying in the hotel next time.
4	Check this place out for their Reuben and Onion Petals...EXCELLENT. The fact they have MULTIPLE HD screens tuned in to the World Series and the OU vs ND game is irrelvalent. GREAT, FUN CROWD !!
5	I love this place!! Yes, I am a local, and live down the street.  Probably affects my excitement a little.   The bartender Jon will remember your name, and he greets all the people that come in and sit at the bar.   He puts his hand out and introduces himself!! Not just a 'what can I get you?'   This peson alone has made me a regular.  I feel like NORM!!! when I walk in!  How cool is that.  You too can have this feeling after just a few visits.  I have noticed other regulars, like Stuart and Sam.  Everybody knows and likes the bartender Jon and comes back.   The mac and cheese on the menu has a zesty bite to it.  very cheesy!  Something you will order again!   You can make many new 'friends' passing through town at this place.  Just depends on your personality.  The gentleman that commented about the 'bridge' area being quiet, is correct.  It is set to far away from the bar.  I think they just added tables to a walkway because they could.  Find a seat in the bar for a nice time.
4	I'm not sure I can find the words to describe how much this place exceeded any expectations I had walking in. I ate here twice for lunch during a business trip. The first time out of convenience and the second time because the first visit was so good. Between the two visits I tried:A small house salad which was fresh, served on a chilled plate and had homemade blue cheese dressing. A turkey club which had guacamole, chipotle mayo, bacon, pepper jack cheese, plenty of good quality turkey on toasted 9-grain bread. A burger on a butter-toasted bun with my choice of guacamole,carmelized onions and bacon. It was clearly not a frozen patty and was cooked perfectly medium and juicy. Everything I ate was of very good quality, tasty and was matched with prompt and friendly service. I would come eat here even if I weren't staying at the hotel property!
5	A hidden gem in the most unassuming location - in the back of Chapparral SuitesWent in at 8:55 PM on Mother's day with my fiance and my grandparents who were visiting and staying at Chapparall suites.  The restaurant closes at 9, so i figured they would be rude and try to rush us out.  However, the exact opposite happened.  David, the manager, waited on us and made us feel very welcome.  My grandma is one of the most annoying people to wait on, but David was courteous, answered all of her questions, and she was able to order exactly what she wanted.  I asked for a hamburger, but instead of a beef hamburger, for a piece of salmon - which was not on the menu.  But David obliged and it was a delicious salmon burger with a very nice side salad for like 10 bucks.  My fiance' and grandma had the portobello melts which were pretty awesome for what they are - they came with grilled onions on them and almost tasted like a real hamburger.  My grandpa had veggie quesadallia which was a huge freakin portion and loaded with veges and cheese.I will be back here due to the service, quantity of food, taste of food, vegetarian options, and price of food.  I suggest you try it.  It also is nicer inside than one would expect.
4	Had the "Blue Burger". Very nicely cooked, lots of cheese, onions and mushrooms. The bun was quite large, the only true negative about this burger: So much bread. The fries were crisp and delicious. Server Matthew was very polite, knowledgeable of the menu and a comfortable host. Both affordable and highly recommended.
4	This place definitely is a favorite for me and have been going there for the last 5 years everytime family comes into town. this is the perfect spot for large gatherings without a bunch of noise or crowding! It doesn't look all that nice walking in but once you're seated, you feel right at home!! Excellent wait staff and the same hilarious manager has personally checked on our table every time, great sevice. They have a pretty small menu, but are always willing to go above and beyond and have good food so it works out! Overall a great place to take the family!
4	This is my favorite hideout...The Fourth Floor Grille is located on the top floor of the Chaparral Suites Resort. You can choose to sit in the restaurant area or go to the bar side. I sit in the restaurant for business meetings but I really like the feel of the bar. The food is always great I love the Chaparral sandwich and the Scottsdillian Salad with pesto dressing.  The portions are huge!This is the perfect place to get away from the hustle of OT Scottsdale and just relax grab lunch, a beer or catch the game.Parking is always easy as well.Check it out!
4	The place was mobbed for Sunday football, but at least they were showing all the NFL games. It is a very small room and only about 50 folks can cram inside and another ten at the bar. They also had $2 Miller Lites and all day Happy Hour on Sunday, but I didn't try any food since there were no seats. It is probably only this crowded for Sunday games, but lots of regulars and old timers frequent this bar from out of town. Good place to catch your team if you get there early, just like most sports bars or sports lounge in this case.
4	There were a lot less folks on hand as I went back to catch ASU get crushed by UW in hoops. Got there just before HH ended (6:30pm) and that is a good time to arrive. The bottled beers were only $2.50 and the very nice waitress ordered a beer for me to be put on ice at 6:25pm, so I could get a final cheap one. The menu was pretty good as well for happy Hour. Ended up with a fairly big personal size pizza for 5 bucks with 50 cents per topping extra. The pizza was oddly shaped, but still worked out nicely as the mozzarella cheese stood out. They will turn any game on, but don't have PaC-12 network which is not their fault since they have DirectTv.
4	Solid menu for a hotel restaurant with great fresh selections and good portions for the price.  Good for lunch, the bar area has comfortable seating and several TVs to watch games.
3	This review is just for the sports bar.  The dining room was closed when we came.This place was packed.  You can tell it's really popular.  Since it's at a hotel it could be that there were a lot of guests who wanted to drink, but we were lucky to find a table.Service was fine.  TVs are everywhere.  Drinks are cheap.  The french fries are great, but both the entrees we got (a burger and a salad) were mediocre at best.Maybe the dining room is better.  We'd rather go to a place like Zipps for a sports bar.  The food, ambiance, and service there is much better.
3	Let's face it - this is a tourist bar. I should not be going here, but needed a drink within walking range. It should be renamed Midwest Sports Grill. All the annoying Chicago types who think they own the town in the winter. They rival the Scottsdale douchebags for annoyingness if that is even a word. The beers are reasaonable at $4 a pop for Bud Light, but the food is very average. It might be good if your a hotel guest and are clueless about the area, but that's about all. The corned beef in the rueben is of sliced deli variety and that just leaves the whole sandwich at average to below average. I suppose they can say they have good, beer battered fries, but that is not something that wins awards.
2	Most unremarkable below average place I could imagine. 80's decor, flat soda, bland food (burger, chicken tenders, Chaparral sandwich), slightly high (but not preposterously so) prices, blah service. Really just quite a depressing sort of one notch above Denny's establishment.Two stars are for the friendly and personable manager who was the only bright spot in the joint. Hope he finds a better gig soon.
5	Yummy is my description. Love coming here to watch football. Today it's futbol. (Soccer) Food is really good and reasonable.
5	We were staying at the hotel and are first night there we went up just to grab a bite to eat. What we got was great service and great food at a good deal. We liked it so much that we went for lunch the next day and as the night before excellent. The service was some of the best I have had in a long time and there b.l.t I had for lunch is one of the best I have ever had in a restaurant lot's of bacon. Good job guys next time I am in that part of town I will be coming up for a bite
5	Chicken wings are great! Love the atmosphere...and the service is wonderful!! Our Waitress was Roberta and she did a great job helping us decide menu items and catering to my gluten free needs. We will be back!
3	Um, okay. Another interesting experience with my coupon-collecting pal. So, picture yourself in the middle of 55 and over section of Scottsdale, on the fourth floor of some hotel. There are conferences and trainings going on in some large room on site.I was told the guests fill the place at times.  So you wander into the bar and what do you find? 55 and over. Now, I always say how great it is to be the youngest in the room, right? I am talking by 40-50 years. I am sure the place gets "crazy" when the lottery numbers are announced. Otherwise, though, it seemed none of the peeps there was paying attention to the games on the multiple TVs, A few even brought in their own alcohol, SWEAR TO GOD. I guess a free place to sit and meet with friends without spending your pension? One guy about sat on my friends lap, she kept inching over towards me. We took pictures to prove this and they remain funny as heck. As for the food, we ordered some wings (all drums) which were really not so bad. It was the legs rubbing against ours that sent us packing. The stars are for the bartender. He rocked.
4	Great serving sizes - I had the Mac & cheese, and it was amazing! Pepper jack cheese sauce and cavatappi - SO GOOD! I didn't even have room to finish the amazing looking corn bread that accompanied the bowl of mac. The prices were reasonable, and the service was decent as well. Don't know that I would go back - they didn't knock my socks off or anything, but damn that mac & cheese was good!
5	We've stayed at The Chaparral many times and never eaten here.... Except the kids have had room service in the past.  Found out this visit that we've been missing out. The 4th Floor has great food and great service. Our server Debbie was friendly, helpful, knew the menu well and made good suggestions. Another gentleman kept our drink glasses full. Highlights for us.... Wings, fish tacos, burger, sweet potato fries.... Prices were reasonable.
4	Lady Di and I are still looking for the best Sports Bar in Arizona. 4th floor was very surprising. TVs are great, the pizza is amazing. I had the Rebel IPA, delicious! We'll be back!!!
5	We visited our family who was staying here and ate lunch with them at the 4th Floor Grill. We had a large group and the waitress was helpful and got all of our orders correct. I'm writing this review with 5 stars for the sweet potatoe fries and Mac and Cheese. It was a delicious plate of creamy Mac and Cheese with a kick! Loved it!
4	Thanks to Groupon, we found this hidden gem in Scottsdale.  It's located on the 4th floor in the back of the Chaparral Suites Hotel.  When we were walking towards the restaurant, we thought it might be a disaster of a place but we were pleasantly surprised.Here's what we ordered over several visits:Florentine Diphttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4th-floor-grille-and-sports-bar-scottsdale-2?select=DQmZq13xUN-ra3zvVjmoKg#DQmZq13xUN-ra3zvVjmoKgBaby Back Ribshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4th-floor-grille-and-sports-bar-scottsdale-2?select=Z6Fhf1gkRQaZ3Jk0u2ESGA#Z6Fhf1gkRQaZ3Jk0u2ESGAWestern Burgerhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4th-floor-grille-and-sports-bar-scottsdale-2?select=jferQYYFaJ0Sq411lksDdA#jferQYYFaJ0Sq411lksDdARibeyehttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4th-floor-grille-and-sports-bar-scottsdale-2?select=F55s06-FF8ERfsfJtjFgkw#F55s06-FF8ERfsfJtjFgkwFrench Dip Sandwichhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4th-floor-grille-and-sports-bar-scottsdale-2?select=V30yOHNPj2GB3BJGIMqs4w#V30yOHNPj2GB3BJGIMqs4wThe Baby Back Ribs, Western Burger, and French Dip Sandwich were awesome.  The Ribeye was very good too....and the Florentine Dip was amazing/addicting.  Soooo good!The Wine selection is basic, go for the Beer or Spirits here.  The servers are friendly and attentive.  Overall, a nice spot.Return Factor - 85%
5	I just had dinner here and it was amazing, the atmosphere was nice and classy, as well as clean. The staff were very friendly. I didn't have to wait too long for the food, the side salad had amazing croutons. I ordered the prime rib, and it was delicious, as were the fries. Would definitely recommend this to a friend.
