4	I like to stop in when I can, and meet friends in the morning for a sip and a chat, but drive through is convenient. This place has rescued the corner from the ghost of Winchell's Donuts, and the folks inside are friendly and welcoming.  But mostly, it's the java, baby
5	THE HUMAN BEAN IS NOW OUT OF BUSINESS.The Human Bean is a great little coffee shop. Easy access, lots of parking, drive through (if you can get the right angle around that corner), and modern interior. Get yourself a stamp card; the eleventh drink is free.I generally get a smoothie here; there are several varieties, including a tasty acai-pomegranite-blueberry blend. (Don't worry if you can't pronounce acai; they just call it the APB.) Had their regular brew coffee once; it was much better than that overroasted, overpriced Starbucks crap. Their hot tea lattes are also great, and I'm pleased that they have soy milk. Every drink comes with the most delicious chocolate-covered espresso bean I've ever tasted. I had no idea those things could taste so good.The decor is nice, but they could have made it a bit more comfortable. The chairs feel more like doctor's office than living room, but there's plenty of both table and hanging-out seating.Best part of The Human Bean? The staff. I love checking out what plea they'll use to entice customers to fill the tip jar. My favorite: "Other baristas kidnapped by ninjas. Please donate to pay for kungfu lessons."
4	Ive seen this place when I would take the Metrolink home to the light rail and decided it was time to check this place out finally.Its located on the corner, so I accidently wasnt in the right lane to get into the parking lot, so I went around the block and tried again.  Came inside and love what I see.  Girl behind the counter was friendly and awesome.  Come to find out she grew up in Mackinac City, MI and went to Camp Walden for 1 year in 1999!  Small world!Drinks are reasonable and tasty.  Free internet as long as you buy a drink.  Lots of seating, great music and spacious too.  Will Gladly return in the future!
