4	When I heard the restaurant was moving I was disappointment not knowing it was moving close to where I live know. I was excited we had to go and grab some dinner. The staff are so nice and they go to your table and see if everything is fine. We also had the owner approach us in the other location which for us was cool. This doesn't happen much in NYC where I come from. When we go we try to change it up and not order the same food over and over. They have a big selection of Peruvian food. This is one of the best restaurant in the Charlotte area. I've try 2 Peruvian restaurants and is nothing compare to Machu Picchu. I recommended the staff from my kids school. They loved the place and they will go again.Consider in trying to roasted chicken, lomo saltado, arroz chaufa, el seco, these are all very good tasty foods. If I'm not mistaken their menu is also in English so it will help.
4	Great new location! The Saltado and rotisserie chicken were very good! Lots of selections and very nice staff. I will definitely be back!
5	It was my first visit there and as soon as I walked in I loved the environment right away.  It was very clean and comfortable inside, also with great salsa music playing for the enjoyment to the ears.  I ordered shrimp ceviche and it was amazing.  The service was excellent as well.  I will definitely be going back.
5	This is my favorite local restaurant and everyone who I bring is always impressed.  The portions are huge and the food is just plain delicious! You must try the lomo saltado, seafood chaufa, fried rice omg those two together are a must.  Also i love to order the Jalea fried seafood mix, "Anticucho meat kebobs w/ potatoes" !!!! amazing. The one thing that  have made the experience a perfect 10 was when they have a live Salsa bands on Saturday. Sometimes they have a salsa DJ on Saturday i would call first to ask, good prices on beer buckets. The staff is always extremely friendly  I am so going to try everything on the menu.
4	Authentic. Great service. We even talked to the chef/owner & he is such a nice & genuine guy. We loved this place & my parents grew up in Peru so we have very high standards for Peruvian food. We loved the papas rellenas and the yucca was great! Lomo Saltado was delicious! We also ordered the aji de gallina & it was good but not like my moms :) The fried sweet bananas were to die for! If uou go, you have to get inca cola its a yellow soda & its so good! We will def be coming back & bring more people!
2	Nothing impressive about this place. The environment was not very welcoming and the ceviche I was craving for was tasteless.
5	Wonderful food, wonderful service!  Big portions - A LOT of bang for your buck.
5	Reasonable prices, nice atmosphere, out-of-this-world food. I was unfamiliar with most of the Peruvian dishes and ingredients, but you can't go wrong with this menu. The next time I'm in town I want to come back to this restaurant.
4	I thought I had written a review about this place already, but I missed it. I was a fan of it when it was in independence (a not so nice area)It moved to Pineville and I still think its worth the trip, specially because the ceviche here is the best you will find in Charlotte. I do not like Genaro's cevhice I feel like they are tricking people on believing thats the actual ceviche.. and ITS NOT. Go to Machupicchu and you will taste the closest to our real ceviche.I love most of the dishes in Machu Picchu, my favorite are the pan de yucca (yums) and the sauces, ceviche and chaufa de mariscos. I just wish they would open another restaurant close to uptown Charlotte (with this much variety of options)
5	Excellent Food and Service!!
4	Went here for lunch the other day. I have never had Peruvian food before but my lunch date was very familiar with it. According to him it was about as authentic as it gets. I enjoyed the sauteed steak tips. One tip, if you get there for lunch too early the rotisserie chicken will not be ready, however you will receive excellent service. I can't wait to go back and try more here!
2	Eating here made me miss Miami big time. Saturday at lunch it was pretty busy with an all-Hispanic crowd (I think more Central American than Peruvian) with lots of kids eating chicken and french fries everywhere.But I came for the Ceviche, and that's what I ordered. Ceviche mixto $14.50 (South Beach prices on S. Polk street?) medium spicy pleaseThe traditional complimentary basket with fried  pan de Yuca was served quickly - if you're not familiar with it the best way I can describe it is like fried dough, like a sugarless beignet with yellow chili sauce to dip it in.  Bad start, the dough was chewy, greasy, lukewarm, old ... in a word awful - I didn't subtract a star because after all it's a freebie.Ceviche is supposed to be as freshly made as possible, in fact the better restaurants prepare it only after you order. Here it had been sitting the fridge for days. The fish was mealy, the shrimp had the consistency of an overcooked limp noodle, the calamare and octopus was harder than leather, even the leaf of lettuce it was served on was the most wilted lettuce I've ever seen. Even the potatoes were old, I couldn't even recognize the taste of the sweet potato and had to ask if indeed that's it was. And the medium was very mild. I'm awarding it 2 stars because the Tigre de Leche sauce was pretty good - not great - and someone could  eat a meal here and enjoy if they're not picky.No way that this type was an isolated incident, just by looking at the photos of the Jalea here: http://s3-media4.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/gkmZl8WuIzVUGBLCbOIVSA/l.jpg   you can tell it was fried to death. At Machu Picchu the bar is set really low.
4	Delicious food! I had never tried Peruvian food before, but the owner & his wife both came by our table & made suggestions, helped me learn to pronounce everything & came by several times to make sure we liked what we ordered.Good prices, great service, authentic atmosphere...I will go here again!
4	As a Peruvian living at Charlotte for 25 years, I had been and tasted many Peruvian restaurants in the area. Many are gone, some still around. Machu Picchu is one of the restaurants that had maintained the taste of peruvian cuisine. I would recommend for breakfast a large plate (for 2) that resembles a morning in Lurin. Their ceviche is fresh and tasteful with Peruvian corn. I also recommend the "pescado frito " with a bean portion. For desert many people ask for their alfajores, best in town! But If you wanna eat light, like I normally do go for anticuchos and picarones, which are my preferred dishes in the menu. Prices are reasonable for Peruvian food and they have many very tasty dishes and great service.
4	Absolutely wonderful. Great staff, good atmosphere, and excellent food. My family enjoys Peruvian food and this is the best we have found in the Charlotte area. It is a must try for everyone.
4	Love everything I have ever ordered here. I LOVE Peruvian food, my only complaint is how long the food takes to get to the table BUT its always nice and hot and delicious every time! Ceviche was good. Tallarin Saltado is my favorite and I love the free Yuca bread served before you eat.
3	Just OK.  We wanted to really like this place.  There is a Machu Picchu in Raleigh that we love but they are not affiliated with one another.  We arrived for a late lunch about 3:00.  We tried a soup, 2 entrees, 2 desserts.  The soup was a chicken broth, with noodles, a whole chicken breast and 2 hard boiled eggs in it.  Just OK, nothing special.  My husband's rottiserie chicken was somewhat dry.  I ordered the cerviche.  After I ordered the waitress came back to say there was no crab, calamari or octopus in the cerviche (as stated on the menu) they only had shrimp and fish. We may go back to give it a second try but for our first visit, it was OK.
5	I'm a huge lover of Ceviche and have tried it many times looking for something as good as I had on my honeymoon.  Their Ceviche de Mariscos is something I will wake up in the middle of the night craving, it is THAT good.  Can't wait to come back and I haven't even left yet...
4	Food was excellent. Service was a bit sketchy, but they were super busy. I would certainly go back. The aji de pollo was amazing as was the ceviche.
5	I have learned Peruvian cuisine has been considered the best in the world for the past two consecutive years. I feel lucky I have been able to try the best ceviche in town plus they have Pisco sour which is a very famous drink in Peru. Love this place they have seafood, steaks and rotisserie chicken. My family are faithful to this place since they have kept the authenticity of the Peruvian cuisine and bar. Will certainly keep coming back! If your in charlotte it's a must. Plus karaoke nights on Fridays are so much funnnnn
4	Great service, delicious food. Wished this place was in the triad....must try!
1	I was really disappointed with the food, the ambience and the service..would never go here again or recommend it to anyone..
5	The lomo saltado was phenomenal.   The service was prompt, efficient and friendly.  I will do it again soon.
4	We went there with a Groupon, we were really impressed, we had the stuffed potato with beef it was delicious, The portions were very generous and the food was pretty good, I will be going back again.
1	Worst. Food. Ever.It's very sad because I really wanted to find a great little gem of a restaurant. The management tries very hard to make up for the lack of customers by overcharging for the Worst. Food. Ever.My recommendation is to go to any other restaurant on the planet.You're welcome!
3	The fella and I came here with a Groupon, and it was a fairly solid visit.It took us a minute to get seated because the lobby is difficult for the staff to see if no one's in there, and the ambiance is seriously lacking (think dimly/oddly-lit fish camp), but I appreciate the Peruvian movie being shown and the mural of Machu Picchu on the wall.Our waitress was really sweet but knew nothing about wine. They were out of the first two the fella ordered, so he asked for just any white wine, and she pointed to the Pinot Noir. Thankfully, she asked a gentleman (the manager?) to help out, and he was really knowledgeable.I got the rotisserie chicken with yucca and plantains (mmmm... plantains). The chicken was good but maybe a smidgen dry, but the yucca and plantains were heavenly. The fella got the Ceviche de Camarones, and he was pleasantly surprised by how good the sweet potato and Peruvian corn were. He said the shrimp was good, too, but there was a little too much juice. (The menu says lime juice, but he said it tasted like lemon juice.)There were quite a few other parties there on a Wednesday night at 8:00 p.m., which I was surprised by and glad to see. Since it's in a weirdo Food Lion strip mall, it put us off, but the food is definitely worth coming back for.
5	Everything we had was incredible,  highly recommend this place and will be back as often as we can.
5	No complaints here. Stepped into Machu  Picchu for my son's 18th birthday. We were greeted with a smile, and seated immediately. The place was empty because it was 430 in the afternoon, so the pressure was on them to pay full attention to us. Nice strategy, right? The waiter was charming and attentive. Couldn't ask for more. The food was delicious. My wife was floored by the ceviche mixto and my son and I both had variations of their steak. I cleaned my plate, which was a lil embarrassing. My son loved his dish and wasn't able to finish it all. I payed with a groupon, which in my opinion is the best way to go when trying a new place. We will climb Machu Picchu again!
3	Having a craving for Latin food, I thought I would give it a try. It was just ok. Chicken was ok. The Pisco was ok. The fried plantains were great. The service was strained and seemed like this place has seen better days.
3	This is for the delivery order.My partner been telling me that Peruvian food is the best, I have never tried Peruvian food, this is my first time trying Peruvian food!!! We ordered calamari,rellena,1/2 chicken and arroz chafas. Unfortunately they were out of the 1/2 chicken so we asked for 2 arroz chafas instead.Calamari were ok,the breading is a little bit too greasy for me and it lacks of spices. it comes with 4 creamy dipping sauces , the fried yucca were really plain and dry,I'm not a fan. The rellena is like a ground beef stuffed potato cake,my partner liked it. It's alright for me,because I'm not a fan of ground beef,but the flavor is there.The arroz chafas is like fried rice dish, it comes with fried plantains too.It reminds me of thai fried rice, which it's a good thing, it is really delicious!!!! Nom ! I would totally recommend the arroz chafas! Probably skip the calamari and the fried yucca.
4	Out of all the Peruvian spots in Charlotte this has to be my favorite.  Incredible seasoning.  Huge portions at a not so huge cost.  Only thing I didnt like, and Im nitpicking here, it seems a bit dark and gloomy on the inside.  The staff is great, I just mean the lighting.  But who cares right?  As long as my belly is happy.
3	Food was good, the ambiance could use some work. Service was good as well.My husband had steak.  The sauce was a bit too salty for our taste.  I had a traditional peruvian dish which was chicken in a peanut butter based sauce with rice.  Very good!We would definitely go back.  Solid hole in the wall.
5	This was my First time eating Peruvian food in Charlotte. My mother is Peruvian so I always have the taste for it. It was great! I ordered papa la huancaina and lomo saltado. The food was very flavorful, I will definitely be back.
