5	RUNNERS PARADISE! Not just highest level but really at any level Fleet Feet Sports have everything from clothing apparel, accessory, and wide range of top brands of latest running shoes from Brooks, MIzuno, Asics and more. The store is very open space so nice walk around get feel for your shoes. It refreshing change of pace unlike big stores that not about filing the store with junk but everything in the store nothing but the best brands all made for RUNNERS and no cluster see every product clearly comes too choosing your shoes, clothing apparel, or accessory. The owner Jim is extremely knowledgable on ALL things running. I have never bought pair of real running shoes in my LIFE. I just ran my first 5K. Running something that got the bug for now. So having an expert take the time too explain everything in such detail from beginning with fitting, too watching me walk without shoes, too trying the shoes on watched me run few steps outside make sure arch and heal everything was on point, and getting my own feedback. Not ask for better customer service! If you have passion for RUNNING in life Fleet Feet Sports is store need too check out. I did! Sure plan on coming back again.
5	When it comes to all your running needs, you have to give Fleet Feet a try.  I've been told by a ton of runners that the right shoe is necessary if you plan on running 5K's, 10K's, Half Marathons, and Full Marathons. I'm not going to perpetrate that I'm the next Carl Lewis.  I'm closer to the next Rosie Ruiz.  But that doesn't mean that I don't need a pair of kicks designed just for running.  Here at Fleet Feet, you're treated with the best customer service.  Jim, who happens to be the owner, assisted me with finding the right pair for my feet. The process is nothing like what you'd find at other sporting goods stores.  Jim takes the time to size your feet, check your arch, watch you walk, and even monitor a short jog.  After he conducts his analysis, he determines which pair or pairs will work best for you.  Then you decide which pair feels the best.  Where else can you get this type of service?  Fleet Feet knows their stuff and will make sure that you leave with the confidence that you made the right decision on your purchase.If you're already a runner and know the importance of a good pair, all I need to tell you about Fleet Feet is that they're here to help you with all your running needs. If you're a newbie like me, they're willing to step it up a notch to make you feel comfortable and educate you on the proper running wear.  I can't stress enough that the service here is as good as it gets.  Don't take my word for it, pay Fleet Feet a visit.  PS:  Goal for 2013 is my first half marathon. All I need is training, focus, and a good pair of running shoes.  Got the shoes. Now it's time to focus and train.
5	Jim was extremely helpful, knowledgeable and courteous in helping me find the right pair of shoes to walk in! He knew exactly what I needed! He took the time to explain what I needed, how the shoe would work - the difference between what I currently am wearing - and the benefits that I can expect from the new shoes. After my purchase I went home to research the shoes online - I found out that these shoes are only sold through local "running stores" and not at department or regular shoe stores (eg: niketown) because the manufacturer wanted consumers to get the right fit (stability support) from a specialist. (people who work at Niketown aren't considered specialists?!?! LOL) You will pay FULL Retail for the item - but it is well worth it, as you get what you pay for.  Needless to say I am extremely satisfied with my shopping experience.
5	The importance of good athletic shoes.I didn't really truly understand this until a few years ago when I decided to run my first half marathon. Before then, I thought it meant get the latest brand I see on tv, or the cutest ones I see on sale. Not to discredit Nike, Adidas, Reebok, or other mainstream shoes we're more familiar with, but I quickly learned from great running stores like Fleet Feet have great knowledge about what shoes fit you best with you want to achieve, whether it's running a marathon to just being a leisure walker. Leave it to them. Trust me, your feet will be happier because of it!They are located in Summerlin right off Buffalo on W. Washington Ave near Kmart. Don't be alarmed by these small stores thinking their selections aren't as big as Sports Authority or the mall. Fleet Feet are willing to order shoes if not in stock. Jim, the owner, was great in answering any questions and got me started in evaluating which shoes are right for me. They accurately measured my feet, look at the arches, and watch the way I walked. They quickly brought out about 4-5 pairs of shoes which they felt were best suited for me. I tried them on, took a quick jog, and settled on the Mizuno Wave Riders. I took a run couple days later to see how they felt after a few miles. Fleet Feet did a great job picking them. The price was right, and they were super cute, too! I love them!Next time you're looking for shoes, give Jim and Fleet Feet a visit. They won't steer you wrong, I promise!
5	After signing up for my first marathon we had a very informative gentleman explain the differences in shoes. I went Fleet Feet and had my feet properly measured and fitted with a good quality shoe. Wow what a difference. I will never buy a athletic shoe from a regular retailer again.
5	Jim was great. He took his time to listen to all of my various foot issues, measured my feet in multiple ways, and then had me try on 2 pairs of shoes and watched me walk in them. I left with the perfect pair of shoes for an absolutely fair price. You might not get the most aesthetically pleasing shoes, but you will certainly get the shoes that your feet need. Enjoy wearing substandard shoes while you can if you want, but if you want to have healthy feet, you need to wear good shoes and Fleet Feet is a great place to get them!Bye bye Red Rock Running, hello Fleet Feet!
5	Incredibly pleasant experience at a fair price.I came in because my current running shoes were making my left toes numb after a few miles.  When I explained the situation to the gentleman working there, he already knew what the problem was - my shoes were too small and didn't have enough space for when they swell. He asked what running shoes I wore and if I liked them, then found the same and similar fitting shoes to try on (in the correct size). After a couple shoes (I was allowed to run around in front of the store) I found a new pair that still fit/feel well, but give my toes a little more room. When he rang my shoes up, he even gave me a tip on how to transition into the new pair.. which I appreciated.Thank you for making it easy on this beginner.
2	Hours physically say 10am - 7pm on the door... Got there at 6:10 today, locked up already.I'll give them the benefit of the doubt with 2 stars, since the selection looked good from peering into the window and there could be extenuating circumstances. I am however still annoyed I drove out here after looking up their hours to find a completely vacant and locked store, I'd say the staff took off at 5:45 judging by the lack of cars or people closing up.
1	So I can't really review the store, because they are never open according to the hours they have posted!!! Today is my third time trying, got here at 1735, they were closed!!! The door says 1800 but it was locked and all lights off.  This has happened every time, I assumed the other times there was an emergency or event about which I was unaware.  Today I tried calling and the number just gives a busy signal. This is so frustrating to drive this far for nothing, and third time is a charm-they've lost my business forever.
