5	Not sure why this company does not have more reviews as they are "Tip Notch!"Needed a recirculating pump installed and kitchen faucet replaced and received an initial estimate and contracted with them after getting some ridiculous estimates from some of the "so called" *big plumbing organizations in the LVC. The technician, Ryan, was very professional, knowledgeable, efficient and dependable; even text me to let me know he was running a little behind scheduled, which was still within an acceptable time of the appointment. This is how a company should be run; this company reminds me of the community neighborhood plumber which personify the ethics, fair pricing and professionalism. *Yes man, Plumbing Solutions of Nevada will be my plumber of choice!   HWII
5	Couldn't be more happy -- had issues in our bathroom, called around to a few places at about noon on a Saturday and a helpful gentleman who was too busy today referred us here for same-day service.We received an arrival window of 3-5PM for the same day (a Saturday) -- Sam arrived just a couple minutes after 3PM, and after the first few attempts were unsuccessful, they used a 'snake' to get us all set in just about an hour total!  Not to mention that the price was fantastic and they went to great lengths to make sure their work was incredibly clean!Super professional, knowledgeable, clean, courteous and efficient.  Couldn't be happier and definitely know who I'll be calling every time in the future!
5	After some trouble with scheduling and location, Jerry came up and helped us out in understanding our property and the situation we're facing. Whoever designed our home was an idiot, but Jerry helped in showing us what we're dealing with, offered some solutions to the problem that we can happily do ourselves, and taught me more than I was expecting. I'm a Realtor in Las Vegas and I learned things that I am thankful to now know to make me better at my job. Also, this is a family run business as is mine, so I can relate to the mindset of a parent leaving a business for his son to take over and run in the same fashion, built on old-fashioned business ethics.
5	As you may have found out if you are a homeowner or apartment owner, finding an honest plumber in Las Vegas is tantamount to winning the lottery.  Plumbing Solutions of Nevada is a winner.  I was told by the City of Henderson that the water line to my rental home was on my side was broken and needed to be replaced.  A very expensive repair.  Ed, Plumbing Solutions' technician, was very prompt and spent at least 20 minutes with me demonstrating that my line was NOT broken and that the meter box was holding water because my sprinkler system is on an angle and when turned on water goes into the meter box.  He could have ripped me off, but he didn't.  There is no "trip charge" or "service charge" for his trip, something that seems to be epidemic like Ebola in Las Vegas.  When I actually do have a plumbing problem I will not hesitate to call Plumbing Solutions.  Also I should add that this company has all the necessary licenses and can pull permits.
