5	They were our limo service for our wedding on 8/20/11. Our driver Rafik, was on-time and very very friendly. He was very laid back. The mammoth limo was ice cold and he had stocked ice cold water for our wedding party. They were priced very reasonable compared to other companies. Not to mention, the Mammoth Limo held about 28-30 people, which was perfect for our group.If your looking for a limo service for your wedding, night out, or a tour....I totally recommend Five Star Limo!!
5	i gotta say- BEST PARTY BUS EVER. i called up Rafik based on the review i found here earlier. i have never been on a party bus before and i picked this one after a lot of research as i was planning a Bach party for my best friend and i wanted something good with great prices. our driving was amazing and very professional. he was so sweet and didn't mind taking us for a longer ride back as we wanted to party some more on the bus as it was so fun and we really didn't want to get off. when ever i am in Vegas and need limo/party bus services, i am calling Rafik. he has a customer for as long as i visit vegas and i have told all my friends about this company. this party bus was the highlight of our trip and my Bride to be was so happy with her party and thats all i wanted- mission accomplished thank you very much.our second night in vegas i got us a party bus from one of those big companies as Rafik didn't have a bus big enough for my 20 people party and it was not as fun my service with rafik and his driver. (i am sorry i forgot my driver name) but he was wonderful.
1	We booked an evening tour of the strip over a week in advance, and received email confirmation of our tour.ONE HOUR before our tour, while we were showering and getting ready, we received a voice mail message letting us know that they did not actually have a limo available and would not be coming to get our group of 6.  When we called back, the person on the phone was rude and unapologetic. This was a 40th birthday celebration, and our plans for the entire day had been built around this 3.5 hour tour.Would definitely avoid this business.
4	I booked a party bus here for 18 people and the service was great. Booking went smoothly, they called to confirm the day of the event, and the driver was actually a little early to pick us up. The driver was very patient while we got our group together and sorted everything out. Our only plan was to drive around for 2 hours from downtown Las Vegas to The Strip, and our driver suggested that we stop at the welcome to Las Vegas sign for a photo opp. This was a great idea. He was also very accommodating when we had to make an emergency pee/booze stop.The bus itself was nice and had all of the basics, but it definitely would not have sat 20 people very comfortably and was maybe lacking a little glam (can't a girl get some bubbling lights on her birthday?). Like I said, it had all of the basics, and the service made it worthwhile. Also, it was the best price I found online after a pretty extensive search.
2	first time ever being in a limo and i was a little disappointed with the whole experience. the only reason for the extra star was the person i made my reservations with on the phone they were very professional and courteous. the limo driver was very nice but unlike on line stating how all drivers speak English, Russian, and i think Turkish. this driver was from Kenya and English was his second language...not a bad thing just not what they advertised.the limo was kinda clean, i would not have drank out of the glasses provided at all, the ice container was 1/4 full and every vent seemed broken and about.. not to mention the terrible grinding noise coming from the rear axle the entire time..i would not book again through this company i would look for other options first.
1	Wow...worst business ever! Booked a limo for my daughter's birthday.  They cancel 3 hours before the event...said there was nothing available.  Didn't seem to care that they ruined our night! Pick someone else.  This place is a JOKE!
1	The good - Showed up early. The vehicle ordered wasn't running great so the driver brought a bigger limo at no extra charge.The bad - There was nothing inside this limo. No ice, no glasses, no plastic cups, nothing. It wasn't very clean and the air condition didn't work very well. We had to roll down the windows to cool off. Thank god it wasn't 110 degrees out at the time.The ugly - The driver tried to extort cash for payment at the end of the night since the clerical staff never called to obtain my credit card number for payment. After many phone calls they decided to charge my card over the phone. I was told I would need to pay $100 cash and the remainder would be put on the card. Well come to find out they charged the total amount to my card and now I'm out $100 cash. The driver basically lied his way into a $100 dollar tip. I would have tipped him but after this evening even he knew he wasn't going to see $100 tip. So he decided to just take it upon himself to steal it from me instead. I would not recommend nor will I use this company again.
1	Terrible, terrible, terrible. My assistant booked limo and received "confirmation" which turned out meant nothing.when I called to confirm booking and change numbers as a courtesy I was informed "you have no booking" by extremely rude telephone operator and NO REMEDY OFFERED, in fact belligerent attitude of operator was the worst of all!!!! DON'T USE THEM!!!
1	The worst limo service in Vegas. The driver was a crook, he wanted my guest to pay $1 for a bottle of water that was included in the contract. He asked my guest to clean the vehicle at the end.  He would not assist the guest in and out of the vehicle resulting in one guest stumbling down the stairs. Finally the vehicle had limited air conditioning, it was extremely hot in the vehicle. You would do better to use a different company.
1	WOW! Hummer was in bad condition, AC didn't work well. Pay the extra money and go with a professional company. Very disappointing.
1	I was charged twice, good thing I check my statements!  Our driver, Joe, completely ruined the surprise for my husband on our honeymoon despite the many times I told the booking gal Holly how important it was that it was a surprise. Joe's language was anything but professional, he didn't even OPEN THE DOOR for us, nor did he know how to operate the DVD player so we had bright, blank screens blasting at us the whole trip. The owner Raffic had promised that it would be a surprise and that he would have it all taken care of. There was also electrical tape holding the audio deck together. Truly a disappointment. Only upside was that the hummer limo was relatively clean on the outside, that's about as good as it gets.  Get your smile on and go elsewhere, best of luck!
4	It was on of the best things in Vegas so far, I never rode a limo before, me and my friends were looking for big party bus with russian speaking driver. We had a great time!, huge limo, awesome and funny driver. Despite on many not very good reviews, it was great experience for us and we got a good deal! :)
1	Worst limo experience I have ever had. Prior to writing this review, I tried to contact the owner who never responded. I booked 4 services from 5 star limo for our wedding day #1: pick up bride and bridesmaids: the driver was awful and incredibly rude. Didn't assist anyone with their bags or luggage. Never offered us water or beverages. Added 20% tip to my credit card without asking. #2: pick up groom and groomsmen: pretty much same story as before. Same rude driver. Limo was dirty. Empty beer bottles rolling around which weren't from us. Again, added 20% tip which was not deserved. #3: party bus to pick up guests and bring to wedding: bus broke down and was over 40 minutes late to pick up guests. Many guests ended up paying for taxi to wedding. Never called to inform us they were late. Had to delay start of ceremony because bus was so late. Again, added a 20% tip after arriving late and delivering guests late! #4 bring guests back to strip: pretty much same story as the others. Rude driver, added own tip.Do yourself a favor. Pay a bit more money, and find someone else for your limo needs.
