4	I recently attended the Scottsdale Moms Blog Mom's Night Out that was hosted at Chez Vous - yum!!!!! they served a sampling of sweet and savory crepes.  Everything was great and they did a great job with the huge crowd.  Can't wait to go back and order a meal.
2	i grew up thinking a crepe was golden brown in color, this one was purple or grey,  i'm not quite sure.  The chicken with swiss cheese was just alright, i certainly wouldn't rush back.  It is a very cute place, all the appointments were great, maybe they need to practice the cooking.
5	I went here with a friend immediately upon arrival at the airport.  It's a charming place, and the proprietors really seem to know what they are doing.  Though I wasn't hungry (had eaten on the plane) all the food looked wonderful.  Had a latte that was great.  This is a great place to practice your French as there are people who show up who speak French, as well as the owners.  The owners are very friendly and professional and it's a lovely, classy atmosphere with convenient parking in the Gainey Shops.  I plan to patronize Chez Vous frequently because I am moving to the area soon.
4	I came to Chez vous a few weeks ago for a late breakfast, and was pleasantly surprised! I lived in Lyon a little while ago and I really really really miss good crepes. I had the Crepe Campagne, which has fingerling potatoes, swiss and prosciutto in it. It was absolutely delicious! True to form, I also got a nutella and banana dessert crepe, as well as a coffee. It did not disappoint! The coffee was a tad weak, but other than that the meal was fantastic.The decor is very cute but modern at the same time. I love the plates on the wall, and the wonderful color scheme. The service was prompt but not pushy and i got to practice my french a bit. I cant wait to come back!
3	We came here because we saw the words: crepes & gelato and couldn't resist. The food and service was both excellent while the atmosphere was fun and Parisian.  Sadly they non longer offer gelatos, but that didn't stop us.Enjoy!
4	I went here for lunch a few days ago and it was pretty good.  I sampled 3 crepes (2 savory, 1 sweet)  and they were all fresh and delicious.  I could venture a guess and bet that each one of their 15 or so crepes are excellent.  Our waitress (the owner?) was also very friendly.The only drawback of this places is that it takes forever to get your crepe.  I understand that freshly made crepes take time, but I think they need a few more crepe maker people in the back to get them out a bit faster.
3	Stopped in at Chez Vous last week with hubby and son. A lovely place with a definite french feel to the decor. The owner, Isabelle Horvath, is charming and makes everyone feel at home. We had Kir Royales to start which were lovely. Hubby and I ordered Savory Crepes- I had the Roasted Chicken Bress with melted swiss and chive and hubby had the Campage- potato, swiss and prosciutto.  They are made from a large organic buckwheat crepe which was very different in color for AMerican palates. It also did not have the consistency of a traditional crepe but the flavor was good. I would suggest giving people the option of what type of crepe they would like and it would help with some of the other Yelpers' dislike of the buckwheat crepe. I liked it but had had something similar in Paris.Our son had the Tutti Frutti which looked divine- traditional crepes filled with strawberries, banana and blueberries and topped with toasted almonds. It was light, airy and wonderful.We had the Creme Brulee for dessert and it was delish (and I am not a dessert eater). A few menu tweaks (a dressing option other than balsamic or ceasar- maybe a champage vinagrette) and a chance to choose crepes will make this a favorite spot!
4	I don't know the first thing about French cooking. So, you can rightfully dismiss my opinion. But I do know a tasty brunch.  And when a table of seven bon vivants  all agree, I think we are on to something. I hadthe  "Brittany" Crepe with roasted chicken, roasted tomato and creme sauce which was delicious.  The dark French roast coffee couldn't have been much better company for the wonderful lemon meringue and crepe deserts. About the color of the crepes. They're buckwheat. That is what buckwheat looks like. Perhaps they should offer a choice but I like the taste of buckwheat  despite its appearance. The service was excellent. Maybe it took a while for Chez Vous to find its rhythm but during a busy morning the food came out in a reasonable amount of time and our waitress was very good. I live near Surprise so I don't get to Scottsdale that often. But when I do, Chez Vous  will be a definite consideration.
5	OMG, they have the BEST crepes in the valley!!!! A lovely little restaurant with some modern French feel. Very friendly owner and staff, they chat with you like a friend. My friend had the savory crepe - Forestiere (ham, swiss, mushrooms and bechamel sauce) with a small side of greens - she loved it!  And I had the Quiche Lorraine which came with a small side of salad - so delish! Very soft and tasty, the chef makes it daily in the morning. Now comes to the sweets, we shared the most popular crepe - L'orangeade (homemade orange syrup, caramel and a scoop of vanilla gelato drizzled with dark chocolate) - yummmmm. And their house specialty - Creme Brulee - definitely one of the best ones I've ever had... I also had a cup of French-styled cappuccino - less foam, more like a latte - perfect to end the night after the sweets.Service was excellent, but on the slow side since there was only one waitress and one chef (?). But that didn't stop me giving this five-star rating, and I'm going back soon!!!
1	Can't comment on the food, it takes forever to come out.  The owner was sooo rude and reeked so badly of cigarettes that we left.  You may want to try it quickly as I dont suspect this place will make it.
1	Yikes, the spot was soooo cute - and super close to my home. But the  SERVICE was horrible!  The food was good - but I assume it was the owners day to wait on tables?  She needs to stay in the back!  Wait, this place is super tiny...maybe there is not a back area! She rushed us to order.  Worse part was she tapped her finger on our check and said, "can we settled up?"  I guess she was in a hurry to count her "winnings" for the day? I have NEVER been treated in such a way before.  My associate said he had been there before and stated, I should have warned you, while the food is good, the service is really bad!  Yikes, I won't be back - unless the Southern Belle who served us disappears! The other staff (a cute guy who appeared to be a barista) was smiley and nice - wished he had waited on us!  Mind you, all the while we were being rushed, there was clearly no wait for our table!  As we parted - I looked back and notice all three staff people huddled around the cash drawer with there days tickets - people, get an office!  While, in this crazy business market - I get you need to make money, but while your place is open, focus on good customer service - and trust me, your business with thrive!
5	More like...Chez Yummy!  What a quaint place.  Having been to Paris I had high expectations and Chez Vous didn't disappoint.  We tried the Chez Vous Crepe, one of the sandwiches, the Nutella crepe and creme brulee.  Everything was authentically delicious!  They even had Orangina and outdoor tables.  I really did feel like I was at a french cafe watching the world go by.  Service was friendly and excellent.. definitely worth checking out!
5	This place is great! I can't complain about a single thing. I order the salad nicoise and my boyfriend ordered the Chev Vous crepe. Both were delectable! We also ordered the half and half crepe (half orange syrup, half nutella) for dessert, and talk about delicious. Seriously, these are the best crepes I have ever had!
5	The service and food was AMAZING!!  Can't wait to go back.
4	Excellent crepes and cafe.
5	I simply can not account for others less than stellar reviews. I found this spot to be delightful. A true, no-pressure European cafe experience and crazy good salad and crepe. I had a smoked salmon/dill crepe that was accompanied by a delicious handful of fresh greens that were lightly dressed and my extremely well behaved son [yeah for a 9 year old with some self control...] had creme brulee that was superbly delightful. I love the decor, it has a casual sophistication and we listened to some wonderful guitar music while we ate. I didn't feel rushed; the owner and the waiter were both lovely and conversational. Made me wish I lived closer so I could be a regular and sip my orangina in the sunshine...
1	DISAPPOINTEDMy baby shower was supposed to be at Chez Vous this Saturday (in 3 days).  After months of preparation, my mother-in-law called to provide the final head count for the party only to learn via answering machine that the owners had closed the restaurant for two weeks and left to France on vacation.  With 3 days till my shower, my mom, mother-in-law, and friends are trying to contact all of the guests and relocate the shower. My Mother-In-Law did end up getting a hold of the owner this morning with my husband's help. He was indeed in France and did not act surprised or sorry that they had booked a party and disregarded it, from what I understand his response was quite indifferent. They made it very clear they don't care for our patronage, and I am saddened that their disregard is impacting what is supposed to be a very exciting happy time for all of us.  At the very least, I suggest you don't provide business to such people. There are many other wonderful places in Scottsdale that treat their customers with respect who deserve and need our business.
5	Chez vous is delicious! It began with the perfect cup of coffee I had, it was so rich and creamy. Then I had the champagne crepe, and it was heaven! The decor is very lovely. I felt like I had taken a little trip to Paris.  The waiter was very attentive. Couldn't have asked for more. :)
5	I was a little scared to try this place but I'm a sucker for a good crepe. This place was a bit out of my way but the recent good reviews on Yelp made me want to make the journey. Let me start by saying that I've  been to Paris many times and know a good crepe/croissant should taste and feel like. I'm very snooty about it. Me and hubby made it to Chez Vous on Saturday morning. We started out with coffee. Delicious! Found out it was grown in Vietnam and roasted nearby the Scottsdale Airpark. We wanted by buy some to take some but unfortunately it wasn't for sale. Next on the agenda was a croissant. Flaky? Oui! Layered? Oui, Oui. Buttery? Oui, oui, oui! A great croissant doesn't need butter or jam or anything put on it. This croissant was eaten plain and was perfect. Then came the crepes. I had the classic Chez Vous crepe - powdered sugar with a lemon drizzle. Loved! Though, wish there was a wee bit more of the lemon drizzle on it. The hubby ordered the confiture crepe - apricot jam with powdered sugar. He said it was one of the best he'd had. Will we be returning? Oui! I can't wait to try the savory crepes and their famous creme brulee.Upon reading the other reviews, I must say something about the service. On a Saturday morning there was only one waiter. Even with several people to serve and his running around constantly, he was extremely attentive and we never felt rushed as customers. Our crepes were delivered fresh and hot. And, the coffee cups were never empty except for when I licked mine clean before we left.
5	Check this out!  We had lunch there last week...I wasn't sure because it seemed like a small place and wasn't always crowed...but I sure was wrong...the place became packed 15 minutes after we got there!  We had the Bree and Chicken Crepe and it was savory and tasty also the French Favorite which had Ham and Swiss and a fried egg on top...cooked perfectly!  We shared a dessert crepe with Nutella and banana and it was a home run!!!
4	So excited that a true French creperie opened in the Phoenix area!  I enjoyed a wonderful nutella crepe with an Orangina - true French heaven for me!  I will definitely be back to get my fix of all things French.
2	After hearing from neighbors that they liked this restaurant we decided to go there for breakfast. Very nice ambience. Then, got water and there was hair stuck to it. Had the Lorraine Omelet - not the french eggs I'm used to. The omelet was overcooked and the bacon very overcooked. Otherwise, tasty. Accompanying potatoes very good. Food was only ok and poor value for the money.
5	Love this place.  Excellent service, great  coffee and yummy buckwheat crepes.  I can not wait to go back and try other selections.
5	I love this place!  After a trip to Paris a couple years ago where I literally LIVED off ham & cheese baguettes and crepes... I was searching for a place locally to get my "fix."  Found Chez Vous and so glad I did.  I always order the same thing, the croque sandwich and one of the crepes.  Both are always amazing and service is attentive as well.
4	An quaint little spot to enjoy a pleasant lunch or breakfast.  I'm only aware of a handful of other creperies in the valley, so the uniqueness makes it stand out.  Our server (I'm guessing she was the owner) was outstandingly friendly.  It really felt like she was going all out to make sure we enjoyed our late lunch at her establishment.We tried two savory and two sweet crepes.  Each was fresh and delicious.  The crepes themselves are a little different, but in a good way.  They don't have the buttery and eggy taste that you get at lot of places.  I was surprised that this didn't disappoint me.  It turns out I enjoyed that it did not distract me from the wonderful taste of the fillings.
5	The Brittany crepe with Spinach. That's what reeled us in.That, and the superfriendly and hospitable owners, the charming Parisian decor, and the great service. It was an added bonus also to discover that our Saturday morning Chez Vous crepe expedition coincides with the once a month Cars and Coffee that takes place in the shopping center (my husband was thrilled!). But back to the food. The Brittany crepe is amazing (even more so with added spinach, recommended by the owner). Sometimes they add some spices and herbs to the chicken also, which makes it just through the roof delicious!We've also tried the Brie and Apples crepe, the smoked Salmon crepe, and several of the dessert crepes. All were delicious but the Brittany remains our #1!We also frequently get the Goat Cheese and Spinach quiche. It's absolutely perfect! Most quiches we've tried here in America have been very eggy, which I don't like at all.  The Chez Vous quiche has a smaller ratio of egg, which allows you to taste the spinach, goat cheese, and crust so much more. Try it, it's just delicious!
4	So good! We had two different sweet crepes, both were excellent! Our crepes were accompanied by coffee, which was also pretty amazing. The cafe is very charming and comfortable, we definitely had a good time getting dessert here. Pretty much the only french food the boyfriend eats are crepes, lol. I'd love to come back and try their savoury crepe selections as well as a sandwich or two as their menu offerings all look quite tasty. I'm sure once I return I will end up giving them 5 stars! Service was awesome as well.
5	A lovely spot with a pianist Sunday mornings! Good service, a broad array of French items beyond crepes, including omelettes and quiches, even a glass of wine!
5	Tres Bon~~ Wonderful food, friendly staff.  Truly a hidden gem.
5	Super cute place, friendly service and decadent food!!! The cute French guy that served us completed the experience! European sized food portions are perfect! Quiche is to die for... As is everything else!
4	4/6/12My first visit, and it's been a long time coming!  According to my bookmarks page, I've wanted to try Chez Vous since 4/25/2011!  Funny that it took almost a year to do make it over here...Liked the interior, which is a mish-mash of dark brown leather seats and tables near a playable piano (I know, bec. I played "Long Long Ago" on it!) and regular wooden chairs and tables across the display cases.  It is intimate and very cozy, yet not too claustrophobic.  I met Romain, the affable young son of the owners of CV, who informed me that he'd just arrived from France less than two months ago.  I also enjoyed the music selections playing that morning and mentioned this to Romain, who replied that the music was from his iPod.  It was easy to like Romain, whose enthusiasm for music was clearly evident when he'd sing along as he did his tasks.  Ah, how do I love the French accent... too bad Romain's a bit too young for me-- perhaps he has an older brother?  ;)  For my fist visit, I ordered a cappuccino and a chocolate croissant to start http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/m9aFZk1f8tSv248YErbpQA?select=88YpFgOk2FrK_JuIWXFFZQ#88YpFgOk2FrK_JuIWXFFZQ, and a Chef's Choice savory crepe for my main http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/m9aFZk1f8tSv248YErbpQA?select=y_ZuHT95MAlE5JD9eFhGxQ#y_ZuHT95MAlE5JD9eFhGxQ.  The cappuccino was beautiful to look at, and delicious to taste- the foam in it was perfect!  The chocolate croissant, I was told, was fresh from the oven, although mine wasn't warm to the touch.  However, it tasted marvelous, and the crisp layers of the croissant revealed the freshness of the pastry.  (I did order another croissant to go, which had just come out of the oven.)  It was all I could do to eat only half of the pastry, since I still had the savory crepe to look forward to.  The buckwheat crepe was filled with warmed cubes of green apple and chevre, and drizzled with honey and chives, and it came with a side salad (it automatically came with a brown sugar mustard dressing, something I cannot have, and which Romain replaced with fresh salad and Caesar dressing for me).  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/m9aFZk1f8tSv248YErbpQA?select=5b0khkj_s6Rit_1HruvVLw#5b0khkj_s6Rit_1HruvVLw  It was dee-lish!  Sweet enough to satisfy my sweet breakfast cravings, yet not too sweet that the back of my lower jaw, where it meets my ears, hurts.  It felt a bit weird to have salad that early in the day, but I tried it anyway, in case it wilted before I had a chance to try it for lunch.  The dressing tasted very fresh, and I asked if it had eggs in it, to which Romain replied that it didn't, but didn't it taste like it did?  "Yes, it does."  I truly enjoyed breakfast here, and, as you can see, it wouldn't be too long until my next visit...
4	4/10/12Cappuccino, chocolate croissant, Exotic (sweet) crepe, and Lorraine omelet.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/m9aFZk1f8tSv248YErbpQA?select=iE435_CgMXYBQw7nBbWs0A#iE435_CgMXYBQw7nBbWs0Ahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/m9aFZk1f8tSv248YErbpQA?select=890pNO1bDcVqqnrx8Au3kA#890pNO1bDcVqqnrx8Au3kAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/m9aFZk1f8tSv248YErbpQA?select=tLYEev04PyiP4F8tRMrAyw#tLYEev04PyiP4F8tRMrAyw  The croissant was once again very good, but the cappuccino wasn't as pretty to look at as the first... I now wonder if I may have ordered the latte the first time around?  No matter- the coffee still delivered.  The Exotic, a white-floured crepe filled with dark chocolate ganache, bananas, and toasted coconut, was very nice... A little bit too sweet, but not so much that I couldn't finish the whole thing!  I made a note to perhaps wait till I have someone else to share this with the next time I order it, as it is so smooth...  One second it was in front of me, and the next, it was gone!  :(  So, I had to order something else to keep me company-- the Lorraine omelet.  Oh, my goodness, what a disaster!  It is my preference that my eggs be soft and tender, and the yellow more on the darker side; in other words, not overcooked.   This omelet arrived very light-yellow and looked hard.  A quick touch confirmed my suspicion.  Didn't like the cheese nor the bacon that the egg enveloped, either- the bacon had a gamey scent and flavor, and the cheese... Eh, I'd rather not wax on about this dish.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/m9aFZk1f8tSv248YErbpQA?select=wDf-EwLzSReVFg1iWRlutw#wDf-EwLzSReVFg1iWRlutwStill loved the coffee, croissant, and sweet crepe, so still going to give four stars!4/13/12Cousin-in-tow, I ordered the Moka (with double shots of espresso), chocolate croissants, and the Brittany for us to share.  Cousin asked for the roasted tomato to be omitted, and chives substituted instead.  The Moka is fantastic!! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/m9aFZk1f8tSv248YErbpQA?select=kWn44uYUnIcIKhXAw02f-Q#kWn44uYUnIcIKhXAw02f-Q  Our order was accompanied by a mini-carafe of more hot chocolate, and we finished it!  OK, so cousin had another cup, and I had a total of three during our breakfast course.  :PI initially ordered one croissant, since cousin didn't want any, but I offered her a taste, and it didn't take long for me to see we'd need another one STAT.  The Brittany, a savory buckwheat crepe filled with roasted chicken, caramelized onions, creme fraiche, and the substituted chives, was d'lish! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/m9aFZk1f8tSv248YErbpQA?select=09RhdGAd99fO13B3N7l_eA#09RhdGAd99fO13B3N7l_eA  Definitely something to order again.  :)
5	Great place for a lunch date.  I love the savory crepes as well as the sweet!  Nutella, banana, and strawberry is my favorite. Cute decor.
5	Always delicious. I usually have the pear and dark chocolate crepe, but the lemon meringue pie and creme brulee are great too! The owners Richard and Isabelle are so welcoming and friendly. We work near by and always take friends, family and work realated people too. A charming place, highly reccomended!!!
4	Quaint. Yummy. Friendly service.   Loved the service and the food.I tried the Brittany crepe and it was good!  The chicken was tender and full of taste and the roasted tomatoes were a treat.  I forgot to ask for spinach and wish I had remembered to because I love greens, but it was good as is.The savory crepes come with a delicious salad and it's a lot of food.  Next time I will eat less of my entree and try a dessert.
5	"First time here. As good as all the reviews say. Isabelle, the owner was our server early Saturday AM. She was great to talk with and we all loved our breakfast. Get the Croque Madame. Outstanding.  it was perfectly cooked, and the egg on top was perfect too. so creamy and good. wow.  i may not try anything elseWe'll all be back soon"
5	I couldn't even remember how many times I've been back and how many friends I have brought in, I must say, everyone loves Chez Vous! Cappuccino and exotic crepes, hmmmm, I'm coming for more!
5	love this place the real french food excellent service foodjust like in the south of france! a must!
5	Food and Service were excellent!Went this morning for the first time and was  impressed.  Great coffee with plentiful refills which is very important in a breakfast location for me.  A restaurant that shall remain unnamed lost my business due to this.  Everyone loved what they ordered, I had the quiche Lorraine and it was creamy, cheesy, very  flavorful with an amazing crust.  My mother in law had the Croque and was crazy about it .   Cute patio area and we saw someone had a dog with them.  The chocolate croissant had me written all over but I was full from my meal.  New place for weekend breakfast with the dog, absolutely!
4	After looking at Yelp for top rated breakfast joints in the North Scottsdale area, we decided to finally make a stop here.  I am so glad we took all of your advice!  Chez Vous was quite a treat and now ranks among my list of top breakfast locales that are worthy a drive to visit.Since the weather was nice, we sat outside at a cute little table and enjoyed prompt service by a young french speaking gentleman.  He gave us some wonderful recommendations for crepes and brought us bellinis with fresh peach since they ran out of mimosas.  I ordered the Croque Madame after seeing the photo on their website - and it was everyone's favorite!  fresh ham, eggs cooked to perfection.... yum!We also got the provencale crepes and a lorraine omelet.  Nothing disappointed and came out looking like it could be photographed.So thank you fellow yelpers for bringing me to what is now one of my favorite breakfast spots in the valley!
2	Im not sure how this place has gotten so many great reviews. I ordered the Brie Crepe and had a hard time even finishing it. It states it had carmelized onions but they were more on the raw side. The chicken was not fresh, tasted more like it was processed. The service was just ok also. They need to hire more help.
2	I love crepes, but I sadly did not enjoy my experience at Chez Vous. I went here with a few of my cousins after one of them read all the yelp reviews.  Upon getting there I was super excited, the tables were all adorable, and it was super busy, which I thought meant it had to be good. But....my experience was much different than the many reviews that had helped us decide on this place.  The crepes were so-so, the ingredients far from fresh, and the portion size very small for the price.  The service was okay, but nothing great.  The only positive thing I can say is that the coffee was good.
5	Gratzee Charles and Isabelle for providing this venue!I love to invite students & buddies, especially int;'l, from school & work to join me & my French friend for a Sunday breakfast just after a GreenBelt Run!Veggie Omelet is my favorite, especially w. salad and fruit.Waiting service is provided by two adorable & dedicated kiddos (in addition to ever-present Momma Isabelle): handsome son & beautiful family friend.Atmosphere is relaxed cafe-like, and when we bring Chopin sheet music, we find the piano is always in tune :)
4	Arrived around 7:30 am to find CV closed and not due to open for another 30 minutes, so I drove further down to Wildflower Bread Co. to check out its breakfast selections.  Perhaps it was the few bites of the two scones I purchased to-go there that caused me not to thoroughly enjoy my staple selection of a raisin croissant ($2.75) today. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chez-vous-crepes-scottsdale?select=52oY8x3SL4Rc4R4xt9BNOQ#52oY8x3SL4Rc4R4xt9BNOQ  (I agree with an article I'd read years ago that only the first few bites (four, I seem to recall) are the most pleasurable, and succeeding portions lose their potential to cause excitation of the sensory nerves.)  I also ordered a Moka ($3.50) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chez-vous-crepes-scottsdale?select=ABggPbd3PviD8f9pdwEBgg#ABggPbd3PviD8f9pdwEBgg and tried a new (to me!) crepe, a savory one called French Favorite (shaved ham, Swiss, and sunny-side egg in a Sarazin buckwheat crepe, $9.50).The Moka was delicious- it came unsweetened, which was OK with, since the bites of scones and croissant had enough sugar to sweeten the occasional sips I took of it.  The crepe was very tasty!  I forgot to inquire how the fried egg would be presented, and I wasn't asked, so I'm assuming the kitchen cooks it sunny-side up.  If you like your eggs cooked differently, make sure to speak up!  Today's version wasn't so bad, and it made for the "money shot," anyway. (Or maybe not!) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chez-vous-crepes-scottsdale?select=VoSHxUsHFXKGGQS_wPfjNg#VoSHxUsHFXKGGQS_wPfjNgIsabelle was sweet and accommodating, as always, as she did not rush anyone out of the cafe, switched out the salads when I asked if the vinaigrette contained mustard (it did), and brought me regular coffee when my Moka ran out.  Tip- order the Moka when you are with a friend, as you will garner not only two cups of delicious mocha coffee, but a pot containing about three extra servings!  Then again, the first and last time I did order this coffee selection, I was with my younger, and ultra-sexy cousin (guys NEVER fail to look twice when she's around!  My Mom and sisters also have the same effect on men, I swear!), so maybe it was a one-time deal...  I won't name names, but I think someone had a crush on my beautiful cousin!  ;)  In any case, I enjoyed my delightful Moka and savory crepe, and, at a lesser extent, the raisin croissant, so thank you Chez Vous!
4	We tried chez vous after searching for places with good croissants. More on that in a second.I got the French Favorite crepe and my wife got the Campagne. I thought the French Favorite was excellent. My wife liked hers as well, but thought it was a little dry and could have used a sauce.The hot chocolate was... disappointing. We were told it would be dark and strong, but it seemed rather weak and thin actually. In comparison, the french hot chocolate at Scratch (also in Scottsdale) is amazing; thick and flavorful.However, the croissants... the thing that brought us there, were absolutely spectacular. The best I've had outside of Paris, and maybe even better than the ones I had there. The chocolate croissants had a little more chocolate than you usually get, and they were moist, buttery and wonderful. I'll be back.
3	I came with my Mom, and we are both french. We were expecting a lot because we know how good crepes are in France. First, the welcome was so-so, just came in and a guy told us "hello, sit down where you want", leaving us abandoned in the middle of an empty room (all the other customers were outside). The second employee was so rushed, expecting for our order quickly. Then, the food. I chose the salade nicoise, nice but unexpected ingredients inside. Never seen potatoes in real french salade nicoise. I had to order more dressing because the tuna was a bit dry. My mother took a crepe "brittany", with chicken, tomatoe, cheese and bechamel sauce. The crepe was gray instead of brown in France, the side salad was awful, just a slice of tomatoe and the green salad was not fresh at all... So bad !The creme brulee was nice, but too much sugar on the top. Fortunately, the expresso was wonderful and delicious, the best drunk in Arizona !
4	Great food, friendly staff but very small so hard to get a table at times.
4	Delicious!  Both the savory and sweet crepes are hits.  I don't normally indulge in dessert at lunchtime but I couldn't resist.  After devouring the veggie crepe (yum) I split the Tutti Fruiti with my dining companion.  Pure heaven.  It helps that the service here is attentive and friendly.  Such an adorable family-run spot.  I will definitely return.
5	This is a cool little European restaurant with extremely friendly staff. The service was great and the crepes were finger-licking good. Can't wait to go back!
5	So yummy! Best breakfast!
4	Chez Vous is one of those hidden gems that you wouldn't know about unless heard from a friend or in my case, some heavy sluething on Yelp. It can be found towards the center part of the strip mall on the NE corner of Via de Ventura and Scottsdale Rd. It's not really a place you would run across unless on a mission to find it.I've had the pleasure to stop by Chez Vous twice now. On the first go around, I tried a savory crepe that had chicken and a goat cheese quiche. This time around I tried the Forestiere crepe, which had ham, swiss and mushrooms, and also sampled the vegetarian crepe. I had a fried egg on the Forestiere, which added some extra flair and flavor to the dish. Every dish I've had at Chez Vous has been an enjoyment.Amazingly enough, the wait staff just so happens to enhance the experience. They are all french speaking with accents and all, and to top thing off, attentive!This restaurant comes with my recommendations for very selfish reasons. I want them to bring in more business so I can continue eating their awesome food!
5	Awesome place. First good sign of any ethnic place: when you walk in and see people from the home country. Half the people in the place were speaking French, which only added to the experience. Owner and we assume her family greet you when you walk in, and all of them are gracious and pleasant. We did not get a chance to sit on the patio, though it was large and looked very nice. Misters kept it cool as well. K had the Chez vous crepe and I had the Forestiere crepe with coffee. Coffee was very good, and K loved her hot chocolate. Honestly looked like everything on the menu was delicious. Staff was attentive and did not rush us. Definitely a beautiful place to go if you want to sit, enjoy a nice wine and good brunch food. Our only regret was we didn't get to try the dessert crepes. That's next week.
5	This has to be one of the best places for crepes in AZ.Its privately owned by the sweetest French woman, who works with her son and I believe mother.
5	I really, really love this place!  I've only ever had their crepes, so my review is limited to that area of their menu.  They make exceptional crepes; both the savory and sweet are amazing!!  They make them traditionally, so they are brown.  I always have the "Brittany" which has roasted chicken, roasted tomatoes, caramelized onions, and creme fraiche.  I substitute the creme fraiche for goat cheese, and the flavor and texture are great.  I love the pear crepe for dessert, which has dark chocolate and poached pears inside.  Their dessert crepes are never too sweet or too rich.  They also have delicious coffee that will make you want to spend your entire Saturday morning there.  In the past, I have experienced a few cafes with great food and bad coffee, or great coffee and so-so food, but not here!  It's important to note that the prices are a tad high, but that is understandable given where they are located. Gainey Ranch has sky-high rent, so expect each entree to be about $1 to $3 more than you would find in any other zip code. I'd also like to add how clean everything is and how nice and extremely attentive the staff is.  I think the longest I have had to wait for a coffee refill was 30 seconds.  And my food always comes out within 5 minutes of ordering it.  I'm not quite sure how they do that, but who cares? Also, one of the servers has a very charming French accent that adds to the experience (in my opinion). If you close your eyes and ignore the ridiculous heat, it's almost like being transported to France.
4	This place very much reminds me of the cafes I've visited in Paris, except the staff is very friendly and the service is better.  We stumbled on this place when we brought our car to the "Cars & Coffee" gathering that is hosted at Gainey Ranch the first Saturday morning of every month (where you can peruse dozens and dozens of exotic and classic cars - check it out!).  We see some of the same people and the staff is always friendly -- feels like dining with family (close family, not the freak-show family that crawls out of the woodwork for Thanksgiving).  My fave is probably the Croque Madame sandwich, which is a classic and well prepared here.  We've always tended toward the savory, but anything with Nutella in it can't be bad.This is definitely the kind of place you can come with a newspaper and just chillax. And you can even bring Fido, which makes it even more homey.
5	Wow! This place is adorable. The food is sumptuous but light - perfection. We tried the printemps savory crepe - the cheese was warm and melty, the vegetable were light, the crepe was smooth and thin. Melts in your mouth. Even the croutons in the little side salad were delicious. We also ordered a chocolate croissant - delicate inside, a little bit crispy outside, amazing chocolate...just wow.The atmosphere is incredibly cute and French, and the people who own/run it are delightful. We are coming back tomorrow!
5	Amazing! Five stars for sure. Could be a cafe in Paris. The staff is French so it feels authentic and they know the regulars. Super friendly even if it's your first time in. Tried the Nutella crepes - awesome. Tried to pear and chocolate crepes - awesome. Tried the Lorraine quiche and it was delicious and moist. This may be the best brunch spot in Scottsdale.
5	Crepes to die for. We'll be back for more crepes--and to try the great looking sandwiches. Don't miss out on the pies: lemon meringue was never my favorite, but I'm now a believer after tasting the best ever.
4	My favorite coffee ever is served here! I've come multiple times just for a couple cups of their delicious French press. I have also had some food here and most of the dishes have impressed me. This is a crepe restaurant, but I do not love the texture of their buckwheat crepes. They do have some excellent pastries, which go really well with their coffee. It's a small eatery, but I've never had issues with finding a table and their staff remains consistent and very friendly.
5	We visited town for my great grandmother's birthday, and the party was hosted here.  It was absolutely delicious!  I ordered the atlantic.  I love smoked salmon, and this was some of the best.  Did I mention they opened the place after hours just to accommodate our party?   That alone is 5 stars, but their awesome service, and awesome food sealed the deal.  Definitely recommended!
5	This place is absolutely "darling" pronounced "dahhhling." Such a friendly, family owned business. They remember you even after only one time. They are french and even speak to you in French. It's very cute. The ambience, decorations, and food was a delicacy. The Lorraine omelette was fabulous. Even the outside seating was gorgeous!
4	We went for Breakfast on Valentin's Day.  The French Toast is the best I have ever had.  I had a smoked bacon, onion and Swiss cheese Omlette.  Very nice.  And Pete had a smoked bacon onion and Swiss Quiche. Very light. Excellant.  We brought home a piece of chocolate eclair pie for tonight. Very cozy atmosphere and excellent service!
4	Loved this place. Exceptionally attentive and relaxed service .  I had the chicken , Brie, onion, apple crepe for lunch and a clAssic crepe for dessert. BAsic coffee accompanied my meal And it wAs delicious! I can't wait to return !
5	Had a great brunch here with my wife and two young daughters.  They were awesome to my girls and took great care of them.  The Raisin Croissant was a great item to hold off the hunger in my girls.  Then the entrees were perfect: my Quiche Lorraine was perfect, light and airy yet full of flavor.  The girls Croque Monsieur was nice and crunchy, just the way kids like a grilled cheese...even though it did not look like ones they are used to. My wife had the Lyon sandwich and said it was one of the best chicken sandwiches she has ever had.  Then we finished with a sweet crepe; Nutella with Banana...NUFF SAID!
5	Authentic French bistro. Beautiful crepes, amazing coffee and a charming atmosphere.
5	Great simple food. Usually very busy and it is a small place so plan ahead. Very nice French owners.
5	Want to eat healthy?  This is the place for you!  Richard and Isabelle are courteous, friendly owners who ensure that each dish is prepared to perfection with all fresh ingredients. For coffee lovers....the best coffee in Scottsdale (strong, not bitter). I particularly love the goat cheese and spinach crepe as well as the Chez Vous crepe, however the croissants  are amazing ..you will think that you are eating in Paris!  In the 3 years that I have eaten in this spot (at least once a week) I have never been disappointed. The food is quite amazing!  To satisfy your sweet tooth, try the lemon tart.....you won't be disappointed!Judy P
5	Be sure to have coffee.  It's great and reminded me of the best cup of coffee I ever had when I was in France.  I've been here four times and never disappointed. The staff is friendly and welcoming.  The savory crepes or quiche will bring you back to try something more.  Everything is so fresh.
5	Tried this place out based on reviews.  It's a little far from us, but it was worth the drive.  The decor was lovely, the staff friendly, and the food was delicious.  The coffee was as amazing as others have said.  We ordered the Brie crepe and the Brasserie omelet.  The food was well seasoned and appropriate portions.  You leave satisfied not stuffed.  I was tempted to get a dessert crepe, but it would've been too much so next time.  The group next to us had two rounds of croissant so I guess I must try that next time as well.  Actually, there are many items on the menu we would like to try.  Definitely a place we will revisit.
5	Love this place! Fantastic customer service. Amazing food and ambiance. Mamamangos are delicious. For chocolate lovers you must try the Nutella crepes, I add strawberries! The perfect place for a Sunday brunch.
4	Wonderful location, splendid food, extremely fast and VERY attentive service.  This would be an easy 5 star rating in anyone else's book but I hold those for super special ratings.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!Our group of 8 arrived after the monthly Cars N Coffee event and as we strolled in we changed our group size from 6 to 8 within minutes yet were warmly greeted and the change was no problem.  The setting was wonderful and beverage orders were quickly taken as we were given options for the daily specials.  I spied the Crepes Tutti Frutti and at $7.25 was pleasantly greeted with a large crepe of abundant fresh blueberries, strawberries, raspberries covered with whip cream and almonds then drizzled with honey.  Sacre bleu!  I will be back - Thank you.
5	Such great ambiance and fantastic food. Coffee is pretty much the best we've ever had.  Wait staff were so friendly.  Will definitely return with friends!
5	Outstanding crepes and quiches, etc.And with truly wonderful real French coffee.Great Service too.
4	Great place for crepes, although not as good as the crepe bar. The chocolate croissant was very good. The French toast amazing. The iced tea very good. However maybe we are more used to the crepe bar's crepes which are much more flavorful and the crepe itself much more light and crispy which my wife and I prefer. Here the crepes are made with buckwheat which may be more authentic but are a but too thick and heavy for the inside ingredients to shine thru like at the crepe bar. We will be back but for crepes we prefer the crepe bar.
5	Chez Vous Crepes can either be rated 5* or 3*, depending on your expectations.  I choose 5* because I look at Chez Vous as a casual creperie, as indicated by its business hours which do not include dinner.  If you are looking for fine French dining, with each dish packing "WOW" power, you will probably find it modestly disappointing.But as a destination for a thoroughly enjoyable breakfast or lunch, Chez Vous can scarcely be topped.  The room is bright, clean, inviting, and comfortable, and there is an outdoor patio as well if the weather is fine.  The look, feel, and service would not be out of place in France.  The menu contains a good selection of both sweet and savory crepes, some French-inspired sandwiches such as Croque Monsieur, quiche, and a few salads.  The food is flawlessly executed and does not disappoint in any way except perhaps in inventiveness.For example, I had a crepe "overstruffed" (no complaint) with ham, Swiss cheese, mushrooms, and creme fraiche.  Whether by design or not, the four ingredients were not completely mixed, so each bite was different, one dominated by salty ham, one by mushrooms, etc., but each having some of the other flavors in it as well.  Delicious!By all means, give Chez Vous Crepes a try, leave your fine dining expectations in your car, and just enjoy living in Paris for a few minutes.HINTS:1.  It gets crowded - try slightly off hours.  If the day is too hot to eat outside, there are only about six or seven tables available.2.  The dessert crepes do not appear to be as good as the savory ones.  We had a pear crepe and it had no complexity of flavors.  They have other deserts too, such as lemon pie the day we were there - might be worth a try.  Save room.3.  The salads looked pedestrian but we didn't try one.
5	Two more recent visits, post morning mountain runs :) delicioso!Lovely crepes for the whole bunch ! Many "Thank you!" 's from our little ASU bunch -- ciao :)
5	Went for lunch. Cozy, friendly, fresh, delicious and reasonably priced. Save room for dessert. The Nutella crepe is worth every calorie!
5	My friend and I tried this place when we were in town for the day. It was a great place for a girls day. The staff was friendly and laid back. The patio was shaded enough to be comfortable on a record breaking hot day at lunch time. And the crepes were delicious. My friend had the Brittany and I had something very rich the name of which I cannot remember but it was recommended and delicious. We split a pear crepe and left full, satisfied, and happy.  The savory crepes were served with just enough side salad with a delicious dressing to make me feel like I had eaten something healthy. Ha!  Well worth who knows how many calories. The restroom was clean too and well stocked with a variety of luxury soaps and lotions. Ooooh la la. It's the little things.
5	Terrific breakfast and brunch.  The Lorraine omelet and quiche Lorraine were fantastic, service absolutely outstanding.  Very kid friendly.  Have eaten breakfast here three times in vacation and would come back again!
4	Took a chance on this place and glad I did.  The seating outside (earlier in the morning mind you) was nice but there is seating inside as well.  I had the Lorraine omelet with potato chunks and a small salad and even though there wasn't enough bacon in it for me (bacon fiend here) the Swiss that was in there? C'est magnifique! Not the speediest service on the block but it was good enough.  Just had to make them take notice that more water was necessary.  I mean it is Scottsdale during 100+ degree weather.  The prices are very reasonable - my omelet was only $8.75 - and an OJ was less than $2.  I saw another table get their French toast order and was determined to try it the next time I'm in town.
4	It is a very good place. Be ready to wait for a table and for your food...if your are in a time crunch, do not go here! just saying...we had a great time! enjoyed the food and the service was great!.
4	bunch of cool people. sooo nice, great quiche! jaime ce que tu ne!
5	Great place for crepes..delicioussss!!! Very nice French owners! Highly recommended :-) ......,,......
5	Excellent!  We had the french toast and a ham/swiss/fried egg crepe which were very good.  The best part for us was that the staff provided a box of toys for our two kids to play with.  Very attentive staff and great food.
5	A fantastic family run creperie with desert and entree crepes as well as excellent kiche.Great service, great people, great experience.Andy W
5	I had such a wonderful time here! my friend and I ordered delicious savory crepes for lunch and shared a sweet crepe as a dessert! such a nice atmosphere too, they had a pianist and the server was running around singing in French.  I can't wait to come back and try more of their crepes!
4	I finally made it to Chez Vous Crepes last week after bookmarking this biz well over a year ago...  I did make a few attempts prior, but they are closed on Mondays and they took a vacation for a week or two (perhaps to head back home to France?) at one point last year, when I was planning on heading in.  Regardless of how long it took me to patronize Chez Vous, it was worth the wait... I had a delightful lunch with a friend and look forward to my next visit!I walked in around 12:45 on a Friday to meet my friend and there was literally just one table open.  I snagged it and was greeted within minutes.  The place had a good energy and friendly atmosphere.  I believe it was the owner, Isabelle, and perhaps her son, that waited on my friend and I.  I went with a savory brie crepe.  Filled with roast chicken, sauteed apples, caramelized onions, sliced brie, and apple cider sauce, I was told this is the best selling crepe on the menu.  I ordered it without the onions, but it came with them anyways.  I picked around them.  It also came with a fresh side salad and the combo made for a perfect filling lunch.  My friend enjoyed his omelet.  We skipped dessert this time, but I will definitely return to try some of their homemade sweets next time.
5	My wife and I are regulars at Chez Vous and we had another 5-star experience at this wonderful French Creperie today.  The cusine is wonderful the owners and staff are always very hospitable and friendly. We enjoy supporting them and have always had a 5 star experience.
5	My experience here was almost perfect.  Food, atmosphere, service and coffee were exceptional.  French family who are proud of what they do, and it shows.  Can't wait for next saturday morning.  Oui Oui.
5	Tried this place for the first time today. WOW. walked in and it looked very small but comfortable as soon as we walked in we were welcomed and told to sit where ever we'd like. We were promptly green with waters and asked what we'd like. We each got crepes. Mine has fresh mozzarella, tomatoes, and prosciutto with a balsamic drizzle. Oh my god this was to die for. My boyfriend got a chicken and mushroom crepe which he said was amazing. Food took a little longer to come out than expected but we didn't mind. The owner came over and apologized for the wait which was very nice. Once we go to pay out bill they gave us a chocolate filled croissant. Which was by far the best I ever had. This is  a great little restaurant with a great family feel. We will for sure go back.
5	My wife and I had a late breakfast here during our "staycation".  We chose to sit inside the small restaurant, but the patio seating would be lovely earlier in the morning or during a more temperate month.   Service was excellent, it felt like being a guest in this family's home and they wanted to share the food that they were proud of with others.  My wife had the croque Madame which came with a small side salad and I had the nutella & banana crepe.  All were phenomenal.  We are already planning on the next time we can be in the area, so we can come back and try more from the menu.
5	Great brunch and drinks any day of the week. Always a crowd so arrive early. Excellent service.
4	Some of the friendliest staff I've ever encountered. The food at Chez Vous is sublime especially the crepes, but also their salads, sandwiches and other deserts. One of my favourite items on their menus is the croque monsieur, a sandwich made with ham, cheese and creme fraiche and then toasted in the oven. I love the atmosphere of the place but its really the terrific staff that makes it special including the owners Isabelle and Richard and their son Romain.Recently, they have added fruit tarts, made in house fresh and they are to die for.Also do not miss their coffee, espresso, cappucinos or lattes...
5	Went there a couple months ago...  It was fabulous and I forgot to write a review...  I was reminded today and had to give my 5 stars... Raisin croissant was amazing, hot and fresh!!!  Go there and try it!!!
5	Had lunch at Chez Vous Crepes today.  It is a wonderful restaurant with great atmosphere and service.  I just wish they were open for dinner!
5	Food is always fresh and delicious. Service is great and the scene is very comforting. The Chez Vous crepe or the Tutti Frutti are always a good bet
5	Amazing staff and incredible food. I did not have the crepes but I had the Parisian salad and have been craving it again. Best hot cocoa I have had in AZ (only time I have had better was at Serendipity in NYC).  I went there for a private event and they were exceptional.
5	I'm a French fanatic so I was stoked to find this place on a recent trip to Scottsdale. The place is adorable and the staff speak French!! I'm so glad my husband doesn't mind me translating the conversations I hear around me :) After being twitterpated we ordered food which was amazing-authentic and delicious. I can say authentic having been to France several times at length now. The staff was very friendly and accommodating to getting us out on time for our flight home. I even ordered a croissant to go so I could have a little taste of France on the plane although it didn't make it that far...
2	I was really excited to try Chez Vous.  My parents saw it featured on a AZ food show, so off we went for a weekend lunch.  I was not impressed.  Maybe it was an off day.  The service was nice, very Parisian, but it was a bit pushy.  The older woman who waited on us had so much perfume on that every time she came to the table I was overcome with the smell of it.  Not appetizing.  She was nice, but it was just too much.  I'm very sensitive to perfume, so too bad.Another thing I didn't care for was that they were busing the table in the hallway near the bathrooms.  Dropping all the dishes in a tub.  It was really loud.  Just tossing plates and silverware in there made a tone of noise.  Really unappealing.  Honestly I was not impressed with their crepes and neither were my parents.  I had some chicken creme thing, and it was bland to me.  Very boring.  We had a dessert crepe, and it was rubbery.  I just don't get the hype.  I think Crepe Bar does a better job with crepes, theirs are outstanding.
4	If I only gave one piece of advice, I'd say: get the hot chocolate!!! Mmm, it's delectableThe crepes didn't really do it for me but the service/ambience was stellar. I would  go back and try a sweet crepe instead.
5	This is my love and it's a rarity I want to share. When I extend an invite, it means you certainly are in my happy circle!!!! Every time I come here, I just walk out covered in love. The staff, service and food are stellar. What can I add that others haven't already gushed? I love sitting next to the piano on weekends and letting the music flirt with you as you sip the best cappucino ever, next to the hot cocoa. The patio is always taken up by lovely patrons that remind you to slow down and just relax. This place is so Parisian from the decor to the French being spoken by the staff. I love it.They know crepes, both savory and sweet. I have tried all of them but always go back to Lorangade because well who resists dark chocolate with orange? The vanilla gelato alone is the superstar. It's like having the healthiest combo of what is good for your body - antioxidants, milk and vitamin C. Otherwise have the Brie savory crepe. The diced apples and caramelized onion with brie will make your belly very very happy.I am somewhat nervous now that they changed ownership and hope that everything I fell in love with remains. I am looking forward to seeing what will transpire.
5	What a quaint little place tucked into the Shops at Gainey Ranch. It really makes you feel like you are transported to France.  Take a bite into a chocolate filled croissant while sitting on their front patio with a latte.      Their savory crepes are delicious with an egg added on top.  I had the chicken and Brie with Caramelized onions. Bring fido too-their patio isn't enclosed so it is dog friendly. The staff is super friendly and will let you know all the specials-great place to brush up on your French skills if you have them :)
5	I have been a huge fan of Chez Vous Crepes since they opened. The decor is stunning, dramatic even. But I just love it. I've taken my parents a couple times and they couldn't say better things about the place. The staff is always so friendly and helpful, it totally put my parents at ease. It's a great spot to go with groups of friends too! I love their pizza and pasta and especially love that it's never a problem to add a fried egg on top to either! Their venison tartare is one of my favorite dishes too--from any spot. It's perfectly done and well, sinfully delicious. Their brunch is one my favorites in the city as well. They have the perfect selection of sweet and savory and I definitely recommend sharing dishes. It's also one of my favorite spots to grab a cocktail, their bar is gorgeous and their drinks are fantastic!
5	The service was outstanding, Romain is probably the nicest and happiest people on this planet!!!  Good it's outstanding!!!! A must have if in Scottsdale
2	Nice menu. Close to Scottsdale resort.  French staff.  Unfortunately mediocre food.  Cappuccino had great foamy milk but lousy bitter coffee.  Hot chocolate was dilute and lacking rich coca flavor. Crepes were tough instead of light and fluffy.  Tried the Nutella crepe with strawberry, exotic crepe, and crepe with raspberry jam.  All uniformly disappointing. Chocolate croissant was ok but not what you would expect from true French patisserrie.  We ordered the mushroom omelet and it had hair on top.  We returned gross omelet and they gave us a free chocolate croissant instead.  Croque Monsieur was tasty.  In sum, nice looking place with nice menu listings but subpar food. A bit pricey for what you get.
5	One of the funnest experiences i've had in a long time! The food was flawless! Service? WONDERFUL! I felt like i was eating in Paris!!! With the live piano music and the delicious smell of crepes  Totally 5 stars
4	Was definitely a fan of this place. It seemed like it was run my French people, so you know it's the authentic stuff. I wasn't trying to eat too much, so I got the Nutella crepe with strawberries. It was light and simple, but I still enjoyed it. My parents got a savory crepe and were similarly pleased.The service is excellent as well; our waiter was attentive and funny, and that was definitely a great part of our visit as well.
5	Absolutely love the food, atmosphere and service of this little French gem in Scottsdale. Whether it's lunch with the girls, or a late snack with my husband, Chez Vous doesn't disappoint. Go when the weather's nicest and enjoy the charming patio. You won't regret time or money spent here!
