1	STAY AWAY.  They came out last night, charged us $350 for a $25 thermostat that still doesn't work, and then wanted several hundred dollars for  12 pounds of freon and told us it could cost $3000 to fix the leak.  AFter telling them to leave we called another service company who found the valves were loose and put in 2 pounds of freon and we have heat.  Sierra will size you up and try to get as much as you can when you are vulnerable with no heat or cooling.  STAY AWAY.
5	We have had them out numerous times. Our "property management" sent out a sketch company. After 2 weeks in vegas with a $300 power bill we called Sierra. They showed up on time. Very friendly. And a great price. Now if I could only find a new property manager.
1	bad service.had problem with my air conditioner,they sold me parts to fix the problem,that the tech told me that it would work,and it didnt work,so i told the tech so what know,you have to pay for the other part to fix it,so i told the tech to give me back my money on the other part that i didnt need.he got very angry and told me to call the office.very bad service ,and i am woman.the are looking to take your money and not help with the problem that you are having,i would tell everybody to stay away from this company.and if you use them be ready to get riped off.
1	What a horrific disaster these people are.They did the original install on my AC according to my builder. So when my AC unit started leaking I called them since my house was less than five years old I figured they might know a bit or give me a deal since the AC went bad after less than five years. Boy was I wrong.The guy they sent over was not unpleasant, but for some reason when talking to his back office over the phone he couldn't give me an estimate. When I repeatedly requested some sort of price the repair guy said somewhere between 1800-3200 bucks he "guessed." He promised the office would call me in the morning. Also on the way out the repair guy kicked my three year old in his face!  I called them that next afternoon wanting to know how much it would really cost and why they hadn't called me. They assured me they would call me the very next day. They didn't of course.After I called them five times on five consecutive days they finally gave me an estimate of $3200 bucks. I got a second opinion, you know what that (highly reputable/highly rated on yelp) second opinion did? They fixed poorly installed parts (poorly installed by Sierra) completely negating the need for any part replacement. And apparently Sierra flat out lied when they said I needed a new coil: about $2000 in work.Sierra told me $THIRTY TWO HUNDRED DOLLARS TO FIX THEIR TERRIBLE INSTALL.and then a friendly, more reputable place did it in EIGHTY FIVE DOLLARS. EIGHT FIVE.SIERRA CHARGED ME SEVENTY-FIVE JUST TO SHOW UP!(Okay they didn't kick my three year old, but I bet they wanted to.)
1	Most companies charge less than $75 for a diagnostic. Always shop around and get a 2nd opinion.
1	Sierra Air conditioning told me my air conditioner was under warranty so they would charge me only for the labor and they would have to send a technician to do a diagnosis ($75).  The techinician came out and did a two minute check and said the compressor was shot (I told him it was the compressor).  Then called and was told my ac wasn't under warranty.  I argued only to be upset to pay $75 for a technician do two min of work.  HE ALSO HAD THE ODACITY TO ASK ME FOR TIP MONEY. WOW YOU MUST BE JOKING! NEVER AGAIN.
1	Wow! incompetent representatives, horrible customer service. Had service call and guy collected no information, he had to come out to do same visit over again. When speaking with a supervisor, from the start she had a bad tone and attitude on top of that she did not express that it mattered at all how they dropped the ball and did not care to take any steps or make any suggestions on how to make things right.  I would not recommend this company.
1	Please people do NOT get ripped off by these guys. Came and said our blower motor was bad on our system. Then told us it was going to be 1,100 bucks to fix it. When I asked how much the labor was and how much parts were the technician couldnt tell me. They carry a book with various prices to fix different HVAC systems. The page they show you will have the name of the problem and just a price. RED FLAG !!!This is like 600 bucks overpriced based on our model and tons efficiency etx. Dont get jacked up. These guys are rip off artists!
1	Technician had a speech prepared. Bait and switch, trying to sell unneeded repairs. Jerks.
2	Saw they represented COSTCO and let them come out. Getting a Price from them was like Playing a Slot Machine - always the outcome varied - so I did my checking and they lowered their price from over $ 1,800 to $ 1,100 and they still were about $ 500.00 overpriced. However their installers did an excellent job - even though the follow up and sales information provided by Chris was horrible. I'll wait and see how they perform on the routine maintenance. If they turn into a problem I'll just complain to COSTCO Corporate.  Angie's List and everywhere else. Getting Honest Reliable Contracting Help in Las Vegas seems to be an Oxymoron. By the way - Do not Order their Filters - they are over 100% higher than on many websites.
1	I was almost a victim like 90% of the people writing Yelp reviews on Sierra Air Conditioning. Luckily, I read Sierra's Yelp reviews before signing a work order. So up front, thanks to the good people who took time to report the tactics of this company.I called Sierra due to my AC not blowing cool air. The troubleshooter said I had a leak in the coil in my attic. When I asked for his estimated price for the repair, he said he must call the home office for a quote. I offered him a chair but he insisted on calling from his truck. He returned in 5 minutes with a quote of $2,300 for repairing the leak. I expressed my surprise at such a high price for soldering a pin hole in a copper pipe. He explained that the price had increased $500 since last year and most of that increase was due to refrigerant costs increasing. He advised me he had called a "comfort advisor" from his company who would arrive at my house in less than 30 minutes.The comfort advisor (salesman) arrived with a thick 3-ring notebook full of systems and options available. The first thing he convinced me - it would be foolish to repair this leak in an old coil when I could buy a new coil for $200 more ($2,500). OK, that made sense. Then he went on about the age of the AC components in my attic (18 years), saying the equipment was at the end of it's life and, most likely, I would be replacing major components very soon. Why not buy them now before they break in the heat of summer? Finally, he gave me the price of the components he recommended - $8,632.I told the salesman I would consider the new system, but for that price, I was going to get two more bids. That statement launched him into a line of reasons I should buy from Sierra. If I bought from someone else, Sierra would probably be back later to clean up the mess others would make. He said it happened all the time. I didn't weaken on my position so at the end of the conversation, he told me to call him if I received a lower bid. Sierra would work with me.After the Sierra people left I went to Yelp to look for two respected companies for the purpose of getting bids. While looking, I went to Sierra's reviews, which I had never thought about before. Wow! Nine out of ten reviews slammed them.I called two other two highly rated companies. Both estimated $500-$600 for the repair I described but they would have to come out and inspect the system before providing an exact quote. One was able to come the next morning. Because of the company's very high Yelp ratings, my comfort level and the price he quoted, I said OK and he fixed the leak in less than 2 hours. Ninety percent of the refrigerant was gone so I paid nearly the maximum price - $510 for the repair, a full charge of refrigerant and testing.I told the repairman my system was 18 years old and asked him if he recommended replacing the main components. He said no because these components can last much longer with proper preventative maintenance, which I do.I called the Sierra salesman the following day as I had promised. I told him about getting the leak repaired for $510 and told him I had read Sierra's Yelp reviews after he left my house. I let him know I would be writing my own Yelp review. He asked me not to write until an owner or manager from the company talked to me. I agreed.The next day a Sierra senior manager called me and asked for my story. After hearing me out, he discussed two reasons for the high quote. First, the quote was a mistake - it should have been only about $2,000. But the reason he elaborated on most was that Sierra is a very large company and their overhead is high, therefore they must charge higher prices. Really? 450% more than two other quotes I received from highly rated companies for repairing a small leak in a copper pipe? Then the up-sell encouraging me to spend $8,600 for equipment that wasn't broken? I assured the manager I would write the next Yelp review, so here it is.If you doubt my story, read on through the Yelp reviews of others who have had experience with Sierra. You will probably notice that most of the negative reviews sound the same. There's a reason for that.By the way, Yelp originally came to me via COSTCO. This review is also going to COSTCO management in the form of a personal letter from me.Good Luck with your air conditioning project and thanks again to the people who take the time to write Yelp reviews.
1	I was almost a victim like 90% of the people writing Yelp reviews on Sierra Air Conditioning. Luckily, I read Sierra's Yelp reviews before signing a work order. So up front, thanks to the good people who took time to report the tactics of this company.I called Sierra due to my AC not blowing cool air. The troubleshooter said I had a leak in the coil in my attic. When I asked for his estimated price for the repair, he said he must call the home office for a quote. I offered him a chair but he insisted on calling from his truck. He returned in 5 minutes with a quote of $2,300 for repairing the leak. I expressed my surprise at such a high price for soldering a pin hole in a copper pipe. He explained that the price had increased $500 since last year and most of that increase was due to refrigerant costs increasing. He advised me he had called a "comfort advisor" from his company who would arrive at my house in less than 30 minutes.The comfort advisor (salesman) arrived with a thick 3-ring notebook full of systems and options available. The first thing he convinced me - it would be foolish to repair this leak in an old coil when I could buy a new coil for $200 more ($2,500). OK, that made sense. Then he went on about the age of the AC components in my attic (18 years), saying the equipment was at the end of it's life and, most likely, I would be replacing major components very soon. Why not buy them now before they break in the heat of summer? Finally, he gave me the price of the components he recommended - $8,632.I told the salesman I would consider the new system, but for that price, I was going to get two more bids. That statement launched him into a line of reasons I should buy from Sierra. If I bought from someone else, Sierra would probably be back later to clean up the mess others would make. He said it happened all the time. I didn't weaken on my position so at the end of the conversation, he told me to call him if I received a lower bid. Sierra would work with me.After the Sierra people left I went to Yelp to look for two respected companies for the purpose of getting bids. While looking, I went to Sierra's reviews, which I had never thought about before. Wow! Nine out of ten reviews slammed them.I called two other two highly rated companies. Both estimated $500-$600 for the repair I described but they would have to come out and inspect the system before providing an exact quote. One was able to come the next morning. Because of the company's very high Yelp ratings, my comfort level and the price he quoted, I said OK and he fixed the leak in less than 2 hours. Ninety percent of the refrigerant was gone so I paid nearly the maximum price - $510 for the repair, a full charge of refrigerant and testing.I told the repairman my system was 18 years old and asked him if he recommended replacing the main components. He said no because these components can last much longer with proper preventative maintenance, which I do.I called the Sierra salesman the following day as I had promised. I told him about getting the leak repaired for $510 and told him I had read Sierra's Yelp reviews after he left my house. I let him know I would be writing my own Yelp review. He asked me not to write until an owner or manager from the company talked to me. I agreed.The next day a Sierra senior manager called me and asked for my story. After hearing me out, he discussed two reasons for the high quote. First, the quote was a mistake - it should have been only about $2,000. But the reason he elaborated on most was that Sierra is a very large company and their overhead is high, therefore they must charge higher prices. Really? 450% more than two other quotes I received from highly rated companies for repairing a small leak in a copper pipe? Then the up-sell encouraging me to spend $8,600 for equipment that wasn't broken? I assured the manager I would write the next Yelp review, so here it is.If you doubt my story, read on through the Yelp reviews of others who have had experience with Sierra. You will probably notice that most of the negative reviews sound the same. There's a reason for that.By the way, Yelp originally came to me via COSTCO. This review is also going to COSTCO management in the form of a personal letter from me.Good Luck with your air conditioning project and thanks again to the people who take the time to write Yelp reviews.
1	STAY AWAY!!!!  My ac was still covered under the 5 year parts warranty.  Called Sierra Air who originally installed the ac for my houses builder.  paid them 69.00 for a Service call.  The technician determined it was a faulty compressor.  assured me the labor only charge would only be $250-$500.  He also told me that if it wasnt covered by the warranty that the job would be $2000.  I call them up to schedule the job and i think everything is great.  well guess what on the day of the repair dispatch calls me and informs me that the labor is gonna cost me $1900!!!!  I call them back and tell them that is too much and that they are trying to pull one over on me.  I cancel the repair.  so sad to say we have been without AC for over 2 weeks thanks to Sierra Airs speedy response and reputable Business practices.  Did i mention i am active duty airforce and had to leave my family with no AC.  i am currntly out of town serving at a temporary duty station.  And had to leave my wife my 7 yr old son.  Thanks Sierra Air!  Happy Memorial day!  PLEASE STAY AWAY!!! from this crook of a company.  Called up Legacy Air and they are taking care of us.  Please dont let this happen to you.
1	I have to start out by saying I have never used this company for anything. However I sat behind two of their techs (in uniform) and overheard their conversation over lunch. Can't count how many times they dropped the F-bomb, then they were discussing a service call that came in, and one of the two recommended that because it was a warranty call, he should just do a drive by and say there was no one home!! No concern for the representation of the company or who may be overhearing this sad conversation.
5	Wish I could give more than 5 stars. I came into Vegas to visit my uncle and enjoy the weekend, turns out Thursday night one of the A/C units was not working. Called Sierra Air Friday morning and they had a tech to the house in less than 2 hrs, they found out what the problem was and said they would get the parts and be back to get them installed. A few hrs later a truck delivered the parts and two technicians were right behind them to get the parts installed. Thank you Sierra Air sleeping was great in nice cold air. The technicians were NATE certified which I learned is a big deal and means they know there stuff.With or with out the certification they were awesome from start to finish, technical ability, customer service, and most important they were timely and did what they say they would do when promised. I got what I paid for, actually I got more than I paid for.
5	If you need a fast and professional company. Call Sierra Air. I am new in town and wasn't sure who to call when my air went out. From the beginning with talking to customer service to the end with the tech. They all were friendly and professional. I received same day service. They called me 30 minutes before to let me know the tech was on his way. When the tech arrived he put shoe covers on before entering my home. He explained to me in detail what services he was performing. He was very courteous and thorough. I will call them everytime. And I will refer them to everyone!  Thank you Sierra Air!
5	They were able to come out same day, actually within a few hours of me calling. Louis was the technician and he was on point. He not only got my ac back in action but he also have me a few pointers on maintenance of the unit. Thanks again Sierra and you will be my go to again.
1	So two days ago we had our air stop working. The unit is only 7 years old. My wife called Sierra Air and got the run around, they told her it was out warranty after five years but Todd came out right away, check it out, contacted York and found out we had 10 years, I called Sierra back and still got the run around so even after they admitted it was covered, we decided to pay the extra $400 to go worth Black Mountain. If I don't feel I can trust you I will not give you my business. Labor and other parts would have cost us $1000, so we chose to go with Todd. I still had to pay the $1000 plus $500 for the parts but I can trust Black Mountain.
1	If I could give no starts I would. Up until this experience I have always used Sierra LLC. They initially installed my HVAC in the house when it was built. When we lived in the residence we had them out a couple times and were pleased. Not sure what changed, but our AC went out on our tenants, so we called Sierra as we had in the past. They came out a day later, charged $69 for them to even look at the system. After they trouble shot for a while I get a call telling me the estimate is $1100 to replace a control panel. This seems pretty high so I ask them to not do the repair. Boy am I glad. The next company, Legacy Air, came out and it was actually the blower motor. There were also other issued with the HVAC from previous repairs, all done by Sierra. Legacy fixed everything for under $540!  Never using Sierra again!  Scammers!
1	Do not use this company for your heating and ac needs. We are still under our Manufacturer warranty for parts on our ac unit. When we called them to come out They said that it would be a $69.00 Service call fee. Which was fine. Then the technician gets here, does the repairs(without telling me that I would have to pay for labor) and then tells me that it will be $167.00 Because of the labor cost of $98 (for 5 minutes of work), i would like to know how they determine their labor rates, oh yeah and he was trying to sell me the companies "maintainance plan" where they come out every 6 months check your unit and you get a whole 50% off the cost of the part. When I spoke to customer service they told me that I was more than welcome to pay the service call fee and have the technician put the old part back in and call someone else, like I would do that and have to pay more money. Save your money and call someone like silver state ac. They are much friendlier and explain things a lot better.
1	Sierra air put in the air conditioners (2 units) in our new home in Buffalo Ranch which are now barely 2 years old. So when we got a flyer on our door offering a $59 servicing for our air conditioners I decided to call them to schedule an appointment. They had come out previously in Feb.and changed them for around $80 (it took him longer to take his ladder of his truck than it took to change them, probably 15 minutes) so I thought this would be a good deal. The customer person asked for my address, and then put me on hold. I had explained to her we did not need a service, only the filters changed and I was providing the filters! My husband worked on big Hotel chillers and air conditioners for years in Waikiki, so he keeps our condenser and evaporator coils clean as needed and takes care of our systems (which by the way he says the installation they did is a joke, we had to put shims and level the units ourselves because he put a level on them and found the were not level!) Once a year he polishes them to protect them with auto polish and they look brand new! But he is now disabled and unable to climb a ladder and I cannot climb a ladder to do the filters. When the customer person came back on the line she said her boss said since we had two units, that the price would be twice what the flyer offered, even though we only needed someone to go up the ladder, change the filters we would provide and come back down! I guess when you get to be the biggest in the Valley and have so much overhead you have to take advantage of people. I reiterated to her, we only needed the four filters switched out, and they are located in the same panel door. She said double the amount! After reading these reviews I realize they probably knew they couldn't charge us services they might have found when doing the whole system since we told them we didn't need it. Just so you know, many of the new units come pre-charged with gas from the factory. They should also have a tag on them telling you how much is "charged" either in lbs. or ozs. When they tell you they put so much in, check the tag to see if what they are telling you is the truth.My husband has a new saying after seeing all the contractors in this town who are not ethical, "Las Vegas is a very sunny town, with very shady people!"
5	Good service
5	Tech arrived right on time and was very thorough. Did a great job explaining the work that was done.
5	We are very satisfied and pleased with the service received from Derik, the technician from Sierra Heating and Air, today. Derik inspected our a/c unit early this spring and we requested for him for our heating inspection because we felt he provided us with outstanding service this spring.   Derik is an outstanding technician and is very professional, courteous, thorough, and has great customer skills.  He listened to our concerns and gave good recommendations and suggestions to consider on our heating unit for the future.  He is a wonderful asset to the Sierra company.  Thank you Derik!!
5	very professional. i was very impressed.
1	It's funny that all the "good reviews" have one review and no pictures or friends.  That's shady right there!!  Just like this company! My mom called this business to have her heating checked.  The technician was 3 hours late and spent some time in the attic diagnosing the problem.  He came down and quoted her 8000 dollars.  Then he called his friend to come out- who showed up with a binder and told her she should buy an all new heater and air conditioning system.  Even though the entire air system was replaced 4 years ago.  He tried to sell her on the 10,000- 11,000- and 12,000 units.  When she said no, he pressured her like a car salesman!So we had another HVAC tech come and check it out- a friend of the family.  He fixed the heat for the cost of a $40 part!!! 12,000 to $40???Is this place a joke?? They tried to take advantage of my mother...which is even worse in my eyes.  The supervisor called to try to to smooth things over and say that their assessment was right and if the unit is fixed then they would like to come back out and verify it and handle the problem with their crooked techs in house.  But these people are never coming near my mom again!Get second opinions people!!!
4	Great Service by Junior who this time came out to service my Gas Furnace. Previously he also serviced my A/C. On both visits he did an excellent job and was more thorough than other providers I've used in the past. This company also installed a new high efficiency Air Filtering system and fixed issues the builder did not do to code and the county inspector did not catch. Again this company did an excellent job. The Service people have been Great and deserve 5 Stars. The Pricing deserves 3 Stars. They are one of the most expensive options and you must shop around. I asked for an A/C replacement quote and the pricing was ludicrous. Same for a A/C fan motor - a $ 140 parts house item with less than 1 Hr of Labor was quoted at $ 500.00 Dollars. My new 5" Filters were quoted at $ 100.00 installed (while they service my HVAC) and I get the same thing on-line for less than 30.00 Dollars.
5	These folks are always very professional, courteous, fast and neat.  They are quick to point out discounts to save me money, they do not appear to be trying to upsell anything that I do not need.  Even through I schedule my service through Costco at a discount, the experience is still top notch.  I will continue to have them service my HVAC for years to come.
