1	I am sorry but this restaurant/bar has TERRIBLE food.  I went in for lunch on a Monday at noon and we were the only diners.  One customer came in while we were eating...that should have been a sign.I ordered a "homemade" pizza.  The diameter was about 4.5 inches and it tasted exactly like the frozen Tottino's pizzas that cost one dollar at the grocery store. The sausage was the frozen kind that is really small, and the cheese was definitely from a terrible frozen bag. And, it was $8!   My friend ordered the Buffalo Chicken sandwich and did not have one good word to say about it as well.  We also waited 20 minutes for our food, which was surprising considering we were the only patrons.  The bartender was incredibly nice and accommodating, but nothing could help the slow kitchen and bad food on this day.  I would highly recommend avoiding the Sunset Grill if possible.  If you are in Deforest, then go to A&W.  Yuck.
5	Ate lunch there yesterday and had a very good patty melt.  I will eat there again and it was really reasonable too!
5	It's more of a bar that serves food but it's good food and the service is generally good.  There is a dining room but I ate at the bar.  It's fun and I lefty happy.  Well done!
1	HORRIBLE- will never return. I spent a whole season here playing volleyball, spent a generous amount of money there on a weekly basis. When we returned for a Friday night out, the owner (Yes the owner!) was behind the bar and charged us $18 for a beer- we tried kindly refuting the charge, kindly requesting to review the bar tabs in case there was a misunderstanding- she threw the pen at us and told us to bring cash next time. We are honest, respectful, upstanding neighbors, and were treated like trash and basically robbed. We will NEVER return, and will spread the word.
1	If you like over cooked tough as leather ribs, rubber skinned chicken and instant mashed potatoes this is the place for you. Otherwise you'd do better to go to a vending machine.
5	I stopped here with my two girlfriends and the service was excellent.  Our food came quickly.  Ice tea was very fresh tasting.  we ordered pasta, a burger and a salad.  Everything was hot, fresh and tasted great!  We will recommend it and come back again!
1	waited an hour for baked chicken and lasagna dinners. Chicken was RAW, service was atrocious. Bartender served shots to two very drunken patrons that were next to us. Won't be going back here anytime soon, if ever!
1	waited an hour for baked chicken and lasagna dinners. Chicken was RAW, service was atrocious. Bartender served shots to two very drunken patrons that were next to us. Won't be going back here anytime soon, if ever! Today, I received my Mastercard bill and lo and behold the staff at the Sunset Grill added an additional charge to my original bill. I guess to cover the gratuity that I didn't leave on 10/6. This is a 1st for me. protested to Mastercard and they have removed the additional expense.This place is unbelievable, what a bunch of CROOKS!
1	Have eaten here at least 4 times and the food was poor every time.
5	I stopped in one day for lunch and another day for dinner. On both occasions, the food was amazing. The burger I had for lunch was probably the best burger I have ever had. It was cooked perfectly and they didn't skimp on any ingredients. You definitely get your money's worth which is exactly what I look for when I eat out. Also, the food came out within 10 minutes of ordering it. Another thing that really impressed me.  The night I stopped I had the fish fry and it was again, one of the best I've ever had. You can tell that everything is fresh and that great care is taken with the food. I would for sure recommend this place to anyone.
1	Awful awful awful. Never order food here. Its all from bags of frozen junk. I think we've tried 3 times and it got worse each time. I actually got sick from it the last time. We warn everyone we know not to eat there.
5	Best sweet potato fries I have had. We stopped in as we were traveling to Chicago and ordered two of the Friday night fish fry specials. The cod and perch were both very tasty. Food was served quickly and hot. The service was excellent. Nice beer selection. But those sweet potato fries were the best, no silly sweet spices, just good amount of salt and pepper--fried to crunchy not burnt and certainly not soggy!
