3	The building itself is nothing special. The service is pretty bad most of the time. But, for the price, the food is really good. The Super Mex margarita is worth going there for. I'm a huge relleno fan and theirs is the best I've had. Beware: if you order extra condiments, like sour cream, they may not let you know but an extra charge will show up on your bill.
2	We went to SuperMex for dinner last night and it was just okay. Bonus for serving refrieds with chips-- but bland salsa. And the chips are tostadas and they're not warm or crisp... I had the chicken flautas, which were uneventful but not terrible. My husband tried cheese enchiladas with 3 different salsa and thought it was good. I wasn't wow-ed by this place and don't have a real craving to go back anytime soon. I think there are better Mexican restaurants around here. Actually, I think Taco Bell has more flavor then this place... a shame.
4	Super Mex has become a family favorite for us.  The meals are good sized and reasonably priced.  They have no problems with special requests, which is nice since my daughter is a picky eater! Sometimes the service can be a bit slow, but the wait staff is generally friendly.
4	Big place, good food, and not expensive. They have a special menu that has 10 items for $4.99 and you better believe it that they're good! I had the Verde Burrito, soooooo good. It was the right fatty kinda pork that iI expect from a mexican restaurant, it wasn't dry like chevy's or any of the other main stream mexican food places. Our waitress was nice always refilling our drinks. The parking lot is huge, so no worries there, and the best part.... open 24 hours :D So this is totally going to be the late night, out of the office, really really hungry but don't want to spend a days perdiem on one meal kinda place.Come by and enjoy their super burrito and their signature margarita!
1	Really disliked my meal.  Considering the bar was set pretty high by an amazing Mexican restaurant I went to in Chicago (who's name escapes me!!), I was really disappointed.  No need to visit again.
1	decent foodBut definitely going downhill.On my most recent visit, I sat at the bar, and was virtually ignored by the waitress, who was obviously entertaining some friends.It took me over twenty minutes to get a drink and almost 1/2 hour before she took my food order -  even though there were fewer than ten people in the place. Just after I got my food, she cashed out, sat down next to me at the bar - with her friends - and commenced chain-smoking - which is, illegal, I believe.Not going back.
4	For what it is - a cheap Mexican restaurant - this place gets 4 stars. I have been going here for the past 4 days for lunch and I sit at the bar. The staff is really friendly. their food is great, and that $4.99 menu is fantastic - no skimping on portions here! Their chips are great, but I don't think they serve beans any longer with them.... at least not at the bar for the times I went. The salsa is muy authentico!! Super Mex is a hidden gem for a cheap, full-portioned, and tasty meal.
1	BLAND!!! No flavor in anything. Don't waste the walk from your car inside. I've had better Mexican at Taco Bell. The best part of the meal was my diet soda. After our plates were cleared it took over 20 mins for the waiter to bring our check. Not recommend AT ALL!
3	This place is different. Has good salsa, recently started serving them with refried beans. "chips and salsa" are really tostada shells and salsa...no probReally good shrimp tacos, the best I've had.Service is so so, usually can find a seat, not a server. Sometimes I feel like the cook is going to come out and take my order.
5	I love this place!I grew up in southern California and I think I know a little something about mexican food.  This place rocks!  The food is inexpensive and they give you huge portions.  The chips are always fresh and the salsa is great.  The burritoes are big and tasty.  I wish I could live in San Diego and eat here every day.  I lived in Henderson for 8 months and I was a regular here.  This is a must stop in for me every time I visit Vegas.Yummmy
2	I can't believe it :( I have to take this location off my places to take people to eat... for the these reasons:- Poor service- Cold food- poor serviceOur group actually thought that Super Mex wanted us to leave. I don't know who to blame for this...well the waiter for one, but I don't know if they needed more cooks, or what but I wanted to walk out after waiting 30 minutes for a torta. Good thing there's Super Mex's else where.
4	I was introduced to this place by my husband almost 3 years ago. Prior to that, I've heard of it before, but have been. Since then, we come here maybe...every other month (or whenever we get a coupon for this place). Every single time we've been there we've had great customer service. We've gone when it's been both slow AND busy and have never had any problems. Food is usually at the table within minutes of us ordering. They give complimentary chips and salsa which I actually don't mind. I know some reviewers say it's bland, but I usually doctor up the beans and just add some hot sauce to the salsa and my hubby and I are fine with that. I'm assuming that have to keep the level of spiciness and a moderate level to cater to the masses. I've always loved the chips and salsa so no complaint there. Hubby usually gets steak fajitas and I get my carnitas plate. Almost always I scan the menu wanting to try something new, but I LLLLLOOOOVVVVE carnitas and with the exception of one time, I've never been disappointed. The one time I was disappointed was because I felt it hadn't been seasoned enough and needed just a tad bit more simmering/slow-cooking/whatever you call it. That was about a year ago, and I've had it twice since then and I'm completely happy with it. Hubby LOVES his fajitas. Let me tell you...once again, have never been disappointed. The steak has always been seasoned well and never overpowering. In my opinion, the portions are HUGE! We always have to take leftovers home. We even ask for extra tortillas for take home and they always oblige!! And yes, I've had all kinds of Mexican food and although this may not be super authentic, the food's great and I'd recommend it any day!!!
2	My bf had gone to watch a bball game @ PT's and we should have just eaten their half priced pizza there, very good and crispy by the way. Well he ordered a wet burrito, which he said was just ok, nothing to write home about. The chips and salsa were ok. I ordered mole enchiladas. and you tire of the sweet taste after awhile. Mole should have spice, when there is none it tastes, well ... WRONG. I honestly can say I didnt' hate it but I didnt finish my food and let my bf pick apart the rest of it for me. With so many other choices I dont think I'd go there again.  They got nothing on Rubio's or Baja Fresh, and those arent exactly "authentic" either. also as a note, they dont serve menudo. If they did I'd have ordered that... but so far Viva Michoacan is the best one i've tasted in town.
3	I'm not entirely sure why it was so dark in Super Mex.   Thematically, I don't think of American-Mexican restaurant food as "brooding."  However, it was a good choice for a late-shift lunch break, as it was inexpensive, well-portioned and filling.  I think it came out (financially and serviced) about as well as it would have been at a grab-and-dash place like Roberto's, and they weren't skimpy on the free chips.   But who turned the lights out?
4	It was always good when I came here to eat in the years earlier, but when I came here with my husband, he just thought it was ok. The atmosphere is really nice- don't let the strip mall locale or the funny name fool you. There is a To-Go entrance and a regular dine-in entrance. There is bar seating, tables, and booths. The service was really good. It was a busy restaurant with quite a few patrons every time I came here.I always got the carne asada plate- it was deliciously seasoned and pretty big- never disappointed me, ever. I should add that I am not a meat & potatoes person, so for me to order, red meat, is saying something. I did take home leftovers (no complaints here). I should also mention that this place was introduced to me by my then BF, who was Mexican. Since it was just ok for my husband, I don't believe that I will be coming here anytime soon unless I meet one of my girlfriends here for dinner. Where my girls at?
4	For the price, you really can't do much better. The staff is nice, the food is good & the prices are reasonable. Also, their salsa is super yummy!!!
1	We went late, so maybe the chef was having an off night. It was pretty busy despite how late it was, but it seemed there was only one girl running the entire bar and restaurant area by herself. She was darting all over the place. That being the case, it often took quite awhile for her to come back around. Our waters were drained and salsa emptied and then we just waited around for her. To her credit, she was pleasant when she was around. I ordered the chile relleno and a shrimp taco a la carte, while the boy ordered the mixed fajitas [chicken & steak]. When the food arrived, the fajita meat was super BLAND. The description said it had a spicy kick, but it just tasted like lightly salted chicken. It was thoroughly disappointing and not worth the $13-14 they wanted for it. We sent it back and ate the rice and beans in the tortillas instead. My shrimp taco was decent, but nothing to get excited for either. On the plus side, they were bigger than I expected and NOT coated in batter. I like my shrimp naked, so that much was good. Overall, a forgettable meal. Open 24 hours, but so is Roberto's and Pepe's Tacos.
2	I have to start off by saying this restaurant is visually very appealing, but when the food arrives it's like finding out Santa is not real- every time. Seriously, the salsa was so watered down I bet a baby could drink it out of a bottle and not flinch. Super Mex, I want to love you. Your prices are really reasonable, the staff friendly, but it all comes down to the undesirable food. Here's the scoop on what I've tried:Chicken Chimichanga-  Now the meat is moist and flavorful, but the burro doesn't seem crispy enough and the toppings are bland. Even trying to put everything on my plate on my fork at once cannot save this dish.Guacomole- I had everyone at the table try this and we agree this cannot be fresh. It tastes just as watered down as the salsa!Steak Fajitas- Chewy meat chunks, but good veggiesCheese Enchilada- This was the only selection I mildy enjoyed. Snaps for that Super MexOverall, what is a Mexican restaurant without a decent salsa and guacamole? Simply not a fan, amigo.
5	SuperMex is one of my favorite Las Vegas restaurants.  I've never been to the other location off Durango and I-215, but the location at Sunset and Pecos is an old haunt that features the best Mexican food in Las Vegas (a tall order).  Open 24 hours a day, the food is great and prices are amazingly reasonable.  If you've never been to SuperMex, you've never had Mexican food in Vegas!
2	We kept our menu simple, started off with chips and salsa, main dishes were carne asada and a veggie burrito.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't good.  The seasonings were lacking or salty, the beans had the too smooth lardy texture, and salsa was a bit weak.  I've only tried the restaurant once, so I'll give it another try and leave it at that for now...
2	I asked server for best burrito they have. She told me it was there Carnitas Suer Mex Green Chili Burrito, so that's what I ordered. The size way impressive, almost a meal for two. If that was the best burrito on the menu I would hate to have the other ones. There was a good amount of pork in burrito but was very plain. fished about half of the burrito then figured I would just finish the meat. opened up the burrito but it was all gone, good thing i didn't start with the other half. Probably won't go there again. Salsa and chips are to be expected but having a no taste and no heat salsa as your only option was disappointing as well. Person who was with me said the Shrimp Tacos were great. so if I do go back maybe I will give them a try.
4	SuperMex is one of those good, authentic, Mexican restaurants and has always been consistent when I've dined with them. I've tried several items, but for some reason, always go back to the simple bean and cheese burrito. Their beans are what I would expect from a Mexican restaurant, not like the "out of the can" garbage that most Mexican restaurants out here seem to serve. The atmosphere is nice...kind of dark, but feels like your south of the border on vacation. While in the restaurant, you forget there's a busy city outside and just enjoy the food, atmosphere, and the company you're with.
4	This is a great lunch place. I've been here a few times during their lunch rush and never had to wait for a table for longer than a few minutes. The food is decent and the price is right. Service if friendly and free fresh chips and salsa for snacking while you wait for your food.
1	Let me first say that I've eaten at every Super-Mex restaurant in Calif. since 1982. I love the food and service at all of them from Long Beach to Riverside so when we moved to Vegas we expected the same food but that didn't happen. They changed the menu for the worse, raised their prices and shrank the plate size. The Machaca and eggs was burnt one time I went. Another time I ordered the Chile Verde burrito and got 3 pieces of meat in the whole thing. A third time I got the two tacos plate and there was hardly any meat in the tacos. The rice tasted burnt and the beans were really bland. Not sure what happened but I won't ever go back to locations in NV. I'll wait till I'm back in Lakewood, CA whrere they know how to cook.
4	Pretty good for the price. Open late hours, so that's a plus. Wait service is decent, its a small restaurant, but its never jam-packed with people. The rice always tastes a little undercooked-- so I stay away from it, other than that, the prices are decent & the food is good.
4	This place is very good and has good quality and service and great cocktails.
4	I think I'll be eating here every time I come to Vegas from now on.  My brother took us here because he had a Yelp deal he bought for it but we'll return in the future, deal or not!  My wife, who is Mexican, was in the mood for chilaquiles for breakfast so that's what we set out for.  Sure enough, they were on the menu and at a great price.  I think most of the items on their breakfast menu came in around $4 and the portions were huge.  We easily could have split one plate, but we ended up taking home leftovers and they did not go to waste in the fridge!The chilaquiles had great flavor.  They weren't very spicy but surprisingly, my wife didn't seem to mind.  I got shredded chicken on mine and it was delicious.  My wife pointed out that they didn't have any eggs on them but I was too busy scarfing them down to notice.  She just made a mental note so that she orders them with eggs next time.We liked the bean dip and the salsa that came with the chips.  Actually, chips might not be the best description.  It's more like a basket of tostadas that you can break into chips.  They were definitely fresh and authentic.The only thing that kept it from 5 stars was the speed of the service.  It seemed like there was only one server, but there was only 4-5 tables occupied when we were in there and I didn't see her checking on their drinks either.  Unless she was the cook too, she was slacking.
4	I wish the good was spicier but otherwise its great!
5	my favorite Mex food hands down. As good as the original in Long Beach Cali. Check out happy hour 3-6. Great selection of tequila. Olaa!
4	We were unsure where to go for food, I had a craving for some Mexican food, Filipitos was my choice, but the wife wanted something a bit less greasy last night. Super Mex it was.Knowing that drinks are $2.25 each and last time we both got entrees, we spent almost $30.00 for alright food, we went about things different. The chimichanga plate is usually enough for 2 meals for both of us, so we decided to split it this time.Somehow, by the end of the meal, I was starving (not an uncommon thing for me in general - may be due to the fact I knew there was no more food available).Our server was friendly and had a good personality, we didn't have to ask for drinks, she was just a little absent when our drinks were low for a few minutes.Food quality was good, their chips and salsa are very tasty.
1	First, my friend bought a Groupon and asked me to give Super Mex a try.  Mexican food isn't my favorite and when I go I tend to split my visits between Coyote's or Lindo Michoacan.Our waitress was rude and neglectful.  I don't know if it's because my friend and I are white, that we had a Groupon, or if she was having a bad night.She never brought refills, never checked the table between the time she brought our order and when she put the check down, it took her 10 minutes after running the check to come back and let my friend know the Groupon covered the tab (it was NOT busy last night at 5:30).  I won't be going back because service that bad doesn't deserve a second chance.
5	Love everyone that works here. I've been going here for at least 3 years now. i would say 4 out of 5 times everything is perfect. I dont care what time it is super mex is always my first choice !!
3	I have been here twice. The first time rocked.. Was for lunch had a perfect bean tip and chips.. the bean dip was amazing. It had cooked pork mixed in it and was a nice surprise. The chicken Fajitas were tasty and I was onto the best new place in Vegas for Mexican (according to me). Then the second trip.. not so good. Dip was flavorless and wasn't anyhting like the last time. The tacos were basic and weren't as good as Putters Taco Basket. So.. thrid time will be the tie breakers.. Let u know..
3	This used to be one of our favorite spots to frequent but, the last two times they fell short of the greatness of the first few times that we went... a dozen tostada with beans and salsa, when hot, are to die for.... Their "lite and healthy" menu all have been great in the past... I hope that they return to their top quality of food and service soon.
4	Good food, clean environment, friendly and fast service.
4	The food I give three stars, the service four. The chips, salsa, & bean dip is great. The nachos were good too, though the cheese could have been melted a little more & not clumpy. I didn't try anything else after that, and my friends said their plates were just okay. I really would love to count the food in my four star rating since they practically have everything for a cheap price (fried ice cream, pancakes, and a breakfast menu at a mexican restaurant?!), but the quality is just okay.Our server however was amazing. It did take a minute for us to be seated and get drinks, but our server was nothing but friendly and made us laugh. Drinks are awesome here! They definitely pack a punch, I would watch out for the mango margarita since they definitely load that up with plenty rum for you! Beers are dirt cheap, and the place was virtually empty when we went after hours. The bar seems to be the lively place to go when the restaurant is slow, and if you have a birthday, they'll come over with a guitar and sing happy birthday mexican style! ;)
5	I love this place!!!!! Open 24-7!!! You have to love the 4.75 menu and the staff!! I didn't go there for about 3 months and they still remembered my order!!! The waiter at night looks like Doug from king of queens.. The bean dip and salsa it to die for!!! Love, love, love this place!!!!
4	Very good food. The carne asada burrito (super mex style) is exquisite. The chips are great,served promptly and with a wonderful bean dip (upon request). The bar side has friendly and attentive bartenders who make you enjoy your visit.
3	We went there last night for dinner - our first visit in probably a year. The food was still good and of course the margaritas delicious. And the service was pretty good. What I did notice this visit as compared to visits before was that the place was dirty. We sat at a table next to some shutters and they were covered with dust. The light above our table was dusty, and the restroom was filthy. Makes me wonder what kind of cleaning they are doing in the kitchen.
1	Stale chips, food under seasoned and their bathrooms smell horrible no thanks Super Mex.................................
4	Good food and good service. Some of the best guacamole in town and margaritas are exceptional as well
1	the good:  i know, now, this place is a hit it and quit it joint.the bad:  food. Joseph tasted his smothered burrito and put his fork down, and said, 'I always expect Mexican restaurant food to be as flavorful as your friend's mama's  homemade, and it always remains as bland as hell.' even my entree was bland. the only tasty thing on my plate was rice. dessert did not even make up for any of the blah entrees. i have had fried ice cream before and this was not. the ice cream was rolled around on some cinnamon sugar churro-like crumb sprinkle. the only thing previously fried was the ready shell that their taco salad comes in.the ugly: no warm greeting. no warm service. no good MIXED DRINK! and, i think, many of the plain clothed people walkin around the service areas must have been related to the kitchen and service staff somehow. ugh, this turns me off because it always makes for poor service.with the quality of the food here, menu item prices should start at $4.95 and be no higher than $7.95 {that would be for the seafood entrees} I'd hate to see how little seafood is served on such a plate.
4	My husband and I have eaten hear a few times.  We have never had a bad time. Love the food and of course, the chips and salsa!  =)  No complaints.
5	California comes to Vegas! This place is like the restaurants in California, but better. It's open 24/7 363 days a year (closed on Easter and Christmas) I'm usually here on there graveyard shift or sometimes early dinner. Great food and affordable. Look for discounts in the Entertainment Book!
1	Ok to start off this was my 2nd time going to eat here the 1st time was great sat in the bar got greeted immediately by the bartender jodi. She was very friendly knowledgeable and just overall nice, that's why i decided to go back.On that note, I walked in and we went straight for the bar. It wasnt busy there were 2 other customers. For starters the bartender CARINA did not greet us no smile, no hi I'll be right with you ABSOLUTELY NOTHING!! When she finally did come over she did not introduce herself just very rudely said "I'm going to need to see both of your id's." There are proper ways to ask for ones id and that was not even close. So we showed her then ordered 2 margarita's, it was happy hour and by the way that was the main reason we rushed down there. So she brings our drinks takes our order(which wasn't difficult at all) the food comes out pretty quick but mine wasnt right i ordered the super mex burrito no lettuce and chile verde sauce on the side. It took her 7-8 mins to come back i had to push my burrito to the edge so she would notice. I told her what was wrong and she pretty much acted like it was my fault and then proceeded to get her notepad to show me what she wrote down, she didnt even say i'm sorry just told me i needed to specify better. So there we are waiting for my food are margarita's on the brink of emptiness and happy hour over in 10 mins, after 5-6 mins of her not coming over i went up to the bar and waited another 3 mins once again she did not acknowledge me, was going to walk right past and not say anything i told her that we wanted to get 2 more margarita's before happy hour was over, she says its 6:01 happy hour is over. My phone said it was 5:59, she could've redeemed herself if we would've gotten the drinks. At that point I was pissed!! My burrito finally came out and she had fully changed my order. I wanted the super mex burrito because it had rice in it, the burrito she brought me just had beans cilantro and onions. I'm sorry but how fucking hard is it to put SAUCE ON THE SIDE. You have to be an idiot if its that hard to push a damn button. Being a server myself I would never leave a restaurant without leaving a tip NO MATTER how terrible the service. But this was by far the worst service I have ever dealt with she was talking down to other customers telling me how I should order my food the next time so that there's no confusion. Seriously lady?! By all means i am not bashing the restaurant the food is good, but i will be calling to make sure that she is not the bartender when i go in.
2	Just a quick one. The food is pretty good but the service is bad. I have gone 3 times and endured terrible service for the food, every time swearing I won't come back. LOL If you can stand the bad service the food is worth it or maybe not. Coin flip decision at best.
3	I love going for breakfast. Huevos rancheros is one of my favorites. Service is on the slow side. None of the servers have a smile on their face and it takes forever to get your check. Hostess is always in the back and you can stand at the front without anyone acknowledging you. Managers never seem to pitch in and help. Furniture needs to be reupholstered. Go for the food but nothing else.
3	Can't beat the prices here.  Love the chips and salsa.  Margarita's are good.  Always get seated right away.  Refies are just okay.  Always friendly service.
3	Very liberal with the salt in he carnitas but overall not bad food. Got the super burrito and it was a good amount of food for the money
5	My fave dish is the value menu ground beef enchilada! I substitute my rice with cilantro rice --- healthier and I love cilantro! And they have the BEST fried ice cream ever!
4	Awesome food and awesome service!!! We love this place!
4	Some great Americanized Mexican good with an awesome happy hour.Decided to check out supermex after a couple friends kept telling me about how good the food was. I had always thought it was like a Mexican themed bar/gaming hall, but it turns out that its actually a full service restaurant and cantina.We came in during happy hour and were surprised to see such an extensive offering of HH dishes. Pretty much their entire appetizer menu is half off with a few exceptions. We ordered the street tacos, nachos, and carne asada fries. Keep in mind, that the place can get pretty packed during the HH especially if there is a game going on,The street tacos were perfect. Lately, I have noticed alot of 'street taco' places pop which offer a tiny taco with a small portion of meat on a small corn tortailla. Here, you actually get some real street tacos. 3 big tacos topped with a bunch of meat (can't go wrong with the chicken or carne asada) along with a bunch of feta (i think) cheese and salsa. For about 5 bucks during HH it's a steal.The nachos/fries were pretty standard and actually interchangeable. They were essentially the same dish one with chips, the other with fries. Nothing special but not bad either. One of the cool things about the place is that they actually bring you unlimited chips (which are actually just small tortillas fried and served whole) with a variety of salsas and bean dip which ends up being a meal itself. The serve was great despite being so busy and the place is actually pretty nice. If you looking for some good mexican food, look no further.
3	Kind of a dump, but we got seated right away.  We just came for food, didn't check out the bar area.Menu has the standard mex options for a sit down place, plus breakfast 24 hours a day.  My friends got quesadillas, chimichanga, and a torta and they thought it was meh ok.  One friend got a horchata and said it was a really good horchata.  Soft drinks were refillable.  I stuck with water, and it had a nice lemon slice in it.The chips are fried tortillas that you have to break apart yourself.  I'd have prefered standard chips.  The salsa it came with was fantastic.  I don't know why, I don't know what I like about it but I really liked the salsa.  It came with bean dip too, but I just stuck with this salsa I really liked.I got a bowl from the "lite" menu, it had carne asada, green rice (no idea what green rice is but it was rice and it was green and it tasted good), mushrooms, and a baja kind of sauce.  YUM!  wow this bowl was really good.  Kind of pricey for nine dollars.  I'd love to see a calorie count, if this was truly a dieter food, I would definately recommend this, because I'm a big guy that's not on a diet and loved it just for what it was.If it turns out this is a low cal bowl, then raise my review a star, I'd become the next Jared and just eat this every day and lose 50 pounds.All in all, there are better options for sit down mexican, but the reason this gets three stars is because of the carne asada bowl I got and that this place is open 24 hours and the salsa the chips come with.  Occasionally there are groupons available, and I'll basically come here if I can get a groupon or if it's really late and other options aren't open, but I wouldn't really come for dinner during regular hours at the full menu price.  I'd also be willing to come to try out any specials or happy hour etc. where the prices are cheaper.
1	I'm not that hard to please at all, but I wasn't impressed from the minute I stepped foot in this restaurant. I can't even list one positive thing about my experience here. Upon arrival, we waited for a brief few minutes, then we were seated at a dirty table. The table was sticky and disgusting, the menus had food smeared on them, there was leftover fork sitting at our table, the carpet looked dirty, and it was just so dim in there. Based on the decors, filthiness, darkness and filthy menu, I instantly thought of the food network show "Restaurant Takeover" and thought  we should just turn around and exit now, but I figured I'd give the food a chance. Bad idea. Our waiter was terrible... terrible... just terrible... did I mention terrible? gosh, it was terrible!! He came by and said he'd be right with us to take our drinks order, 10 minutes later, he comes to take our drink order and we were already ready to order so we just ordered our meals as well. I got the chicken fajitas and hubs got the beef burrito... took awhile, but whatever, I'm in no hurry.  Finally, we get our food and we realized we were never given fork or knife or napkins, so we patiently waited... and waited... and waited... finally decided to get up and find someone to ask for our silverware and napkins since no one obviously cared to come our way. I'm not a great cook, but my chicken fajitas are 10 times better than theirs. The chicken was flavorless and bland. I ordered both flour and corn tortillas and I only got corn. My husbands burrito consisted of BIG chunks of beef... and I mean chunks. He ate about a fourth of it, and said it was too gross for his liking. My husband drank his entire glass of pepsi and was never offered a refill. Our waiter never once came by to see how things were or offer us anything. When we were done eating, we sat there patiently again, waiting. 10 minutes later someone takes our plates, and another 10 minutes later the waiter finally comes to ask if we needed anything... well gee, the check would be great, get me the eff out of here!
2	If you are looking for real Mexican food don't waste your money here . Roberto's has more authentic and tastier food. Burritos are 75% beans 25%  meat and bland. Spend your money at Casa Don Juan in the downtown area instead. That's probably the best Mexican food that this SoCali girl has found in LV... Cabo at Red Rock is better too...overall Super Mex was Super DisappointingPS - be prepared to have them take your smartphone to the bar cashier to redeem your groupon... Super Disturbing to have someone take my open phone out of my sight :-/
3	Meh, it was okay. Just like any other 3 stars. But this is a little too pricey for my liking for just OK food. The service was just normal as well.
3	Food is pretty good, but nothing too special.  I ordered the cheese enchiladas with the chefs spicy red sauce.  Portions were good, lots of food I couldn't eat it all.  I also like the tortilla chips and beans and salsa.  Prices are a bit high when compared to quality.  Not that it wasn't good, but for the prices I expect it to be better than just average.
4	I purchased a groupon for Super Mex.  I can't belive I never knew about this place.   It's not a fancy place, we got a seat right away.  The waitress sat us down, and  took our drink order.  Ok, I can sometimes be typical, I wanted a strawberry Margrarita, then she started rolling off other flavors.....Whoa, hold up, wait a minute.  My husband isn't even a Margarita kinda guy, but she mentioned a blue something margarita on the rocks, that sounded really good.  So My husband ordered that.  I decided to go with the Mango Margarita.  Well, she thought I was going to stick with the strawberry margarita, so she brought that out?  I reminded her I wanted the Mango Margarita!  Oh...she forgot, so she gave me the strawberry one on the house.  It was good, I prefered the mango over the strawberry, but I really liked the blue one my husband got on the rocks!  I'm not an on the rocks kinda gal either, but it was awsome.The chips and dip!  OMG, I've never been to a place where they fry the whole corn tortilla!  yea, the whole round thing!  lol  You get bean and pico de galo.  Not bad.  My husband order a burito, it was huge, with this green looking guacamole on the  side, but don't let the looks of the guacamole, fool you!  It was good!  I order the combo plate.  Rice beans, tamale, and enchillada, all shreadded beef.  I really didn't think I was going to like the tamale...yep, another shocker!  I really liked it, the rice and beans were on point.  This place is open 24 hrs, we will be back.
5	This place was recommended by a Mexican coworker and it doesn't disappoint. The salsa and bean dip are fantastic, I could make a meal from the chips and dips alone! Love the low fat green rice and the choice of sauces - mole is a good one. Will keep returning to this gem of a place!
5	The food here is awesome... I first heard and fell in love with SuperMex back home in Long Beach, CA. Was in awe when I found one here in Vegas... and even more impressed when I found that the food was just as good as the one back home.
5	My family has been coming here for years and we have never been disappointed with the food. It's always great. They even have a great kids menu. Great family atmosphere.
5	I eat here quite often and spread the word to friends about it and now it's one of their favorite places for Mexican food. I love it and enjoy the nice vibe when I'm eating. We always return to this place :) My favorite is the Tamales.
5	I haven't been here in almost 8 years. 8 years! I recently moved back to the area and thought I'd make another visit. I am so glad that I did, because I remembered why I used to come here 8 years ago.The staff is very friendly. Brought my mom in and we were seated immediately despite a busy lunch crowd. We were presented with chips with salsa and refried beans. The chips are round and oversized and very good. We almost ate them all before we could order! Had to slow down to save room for the main course.I ordered the grilled vegetable burrito and mom ordered the shredded beef taco salad. The grilled veggie burrito? OMG was is it good! I believe this is what I ordered 8 years ago and absolutely loved! Mom was a huge fan of her taco salad as well. The portions are so oversized that it's impossible to complete. That's never a bad thing, especially when you can take home leftovers.I wil most definitely make certain that it will not be another 8 years before I come back to this place. This is by far the best Mexican food I've had in a long while, and I've tried a few of the other big names and Ma and Pop spots. I highly recommend you give it a shot. You'll be surprised!
3	Okay for the price and quality of food. Definitely better places in town but they will cost more. Good happy hour prices... And down the street.
4	This place was great. Awesome atmosphere, cheap prices, and great build-your-own meal selection. Also loved the refried beans with chips and salsa as well. Would definitely go again.
4	I will say this for Super Mex: they're consistent. They're nothing spectacular, and the service is sometimes a bit lackluster, but for reasonably inexpensive Mexican food, 24 hours a day, they definitely do the trick! Their fajitas are actually quite good, and both the cheese enchiladas and chimichangas are good standby items.
5	They have good prices and always have coupons online... This is my fave mex resturant in Vegas!! They get you on the price of beer so the coupons help alot!! I get an Entertainment book every year for their coupons....
2	Not good to me they messed up on my order the food was okay but not all that. I don't think I will go back there nice place I don't think I will go back there nice place that the food wasn't that great but  the food wasn't that great
4	I had this an it was pretty good. It was definitely better than Carlos O'Kellys, and that's a good start
4	This was my first visit here.  It was almost a 3-star review, but I am bumping it to 4-stars because they have a $5.95 menu with a few popular items that comes with their regular menu.  I'm pretty sure that no other Mexican restaurant (or any restaurant for that matter) hands you a "cheap menu" along with their regular menu!  For a small family like mine, the $5.95 worked perfect.  Order one entree off the regular menu, order one off the cheap menu, and you can walk out of there at dinner for less than $20.  They serve chips and salsa at every table - the chips are served as whole tortillas and you have to break them up to dip.  I have never seen that before and I can honestly say I have probably eaten at over 1,000 Mexican restaurants in my life.  For our first visit, we stuck to the basic enchiladas and tacos.  The food was very average.   We really liked the mexican rice - it was better than at most places.Our service was average.  The restaurant was pretty busy on a Wednesday night.  We plan to return and try some other items.  All in all, a good dining experience.
5	This was the first place I ate when I moved to Vegas about ten years ago. I fell in love and have been back hundreds of time since.Where to start...The chips and salsa are the best I have ever had. The flavors are amazing. I have considered on more than one occasion paying one of the line cooks to make a bucket for me. The guacamole is amazing as well. Fresh, chunky, and creamy with great flavor.I have to say I haven't explored the menu too much. I have ordered the same dish every visit with maybe a half-dozen exceptions. Their carnitas are second to none. Cooked perfectly, their version of preparing this meat is unparalleled by anyone I have seen anywhere.I order a slightly different version:3 item combo of all carnitas tacos: crispy corn tortilla instead of flour: only lettuce, cheese, and red sauce as topping.I believe I have perfected this order and if you are fortunate enough to give it a try I challenge you not pass out in ecstasy (ok, maybe you won't pass out, but it' pretty damn good).My death row meal would probably be this place. Go east here now!
2	Food was decent but the service was terrible. Do not go to this place if you have a group larger than 4 people. They refused to split our checks. The whole process of paying our bill took as long as it did for us to eat! WILL NOT be coming back
1	Worst Mexican place ever!!!! Their chicken is horrible pink not fully cooked!!! Had the chicken enchilada 's and had horrible food poisoning out both ends. The bartender was rude! The servers were nice but the service sucked, I came in there when it was completely dead and waited hours for my food to arrive. You would think they would give good quality service when they don't have many costumers in there. The salsa dip and the beans were good but the rest of the food made me lose my hunger. It was very expensive for the shitty service and food for the same price go to the best Mexican restaurant Lindo michoacan!!!!
5	Two words.  FREAKIN AWESOME. Super Mex is a Sunday tradition now.  My daughter and I always get the Chicken Taco salad and it has never failed us.  Always cooked and put together perfectly.  The Bloody Marys are super good too.  We've never had a complaint with the service.  Delicious and perfect every time.
3	We really like Super Mex.  It has pretty decent Tex Mex offerings and a pretty large menu.  They even have a discounted and a "lite" menu, for even more options.  You are bound to find something you like here.We started going to Super Mex when I found a few buy one get one coupons from the Vegas Entertainment book.  I love a good coupon and the place was around the corner from where hubby works, so of course we had to go.  I am so happy we went too because the food is pretty yummy!  It is good, solid Tex Mex style food at reasonable prices.Our favorite dishes are the chimichangas, gigantic burritos, tacos, and the flautas.   I actually get the chimi 8 out of 10 times that we go because they are so addictive!  You can even get them enchilada style, meaning covered in red enchilada sauce and cheese, which is simply AMAZING!  My hubby is the same way with the tacos.  Yummy!On top of the menu items, you also get chips, salsa, and bean dip.  The chips are actually tostadas that you break apart and scoop the yumminess onto.  The salsa at Super Mex is really good too.  It doesn't taste like your average salsa from other places.  It is darker in color and has different layers of flavor.  Tasty!  And the bean dip rocks.  I usually finished it off before my hubby and daughter can even get a bite.  Hey, you snooze, you lose when there is bean dip on the table next to me!The service here is hit and miss though.  Sometimes you get awesome service and sometimes not.  That is why I wen with 3 stars.  The food is easily 4 stars and is pretty consistent in my opinion.So see you at Super Mex.  I will be the one stuffing my face with a chimichanga!
3	Great food & prices.  We have eaten here a fe times with friends during our visits to Las Vegas.  My only complaint is we had a very large group of 20 (4 families) and just wanted the server to separate our check by each family and they said they weren't allowed to. It took us almost 30 minutes to figure out each family's bill and we decided this was not a place we will visit again as a group!
4	Not the best Mexican food in town, but I'm a fan of their lunch specials. Cheap and fast, great for a working lunch. I love their bean dip, salsa and chips as well! I'd recommend it if you're in the neighborhood.
5	Our cab driver gave us this recommendation - it was well worth the trip.  I had the carnitas - YUM!!!  with enough left over for a midnight snack!!  my daughters had chimichangas - the plate comes with 2 of them!!!  way too much for them to eat - but again...midnight snacks!  we will definitely go back for more if we ever make it back to vegas!
3	I have been to Super Mex before but it has been a couple of years. I ordered the super burrito on the value menu and my husband ordered the enchilada rice and bean plate also off their value menu.. We both had margaritas. I had banana which was really pretty good. My husband had a chicken enchilada that he said was very good. My burrito was tasty except that it had no cheese. No cheese anywhere. My husband's plate had cheese. I missed the cheese!  I asked the server and she told me that cheese is an extra cost. I have never been to Mexican restaurant that charged for extra cheese! We also had a problem when paying. The server messed up our check by charging the wrong table to our credit card which she corrected and was very apologetic. Mistakes happen so that was no big deal. I probably will return but I will order off the regular menu.
1	This used to be my favorite place to eat Mexican food.. The place gone down, the service is bad as well as the food. They raised the prices and the food was either burnt or half cook.
1	Ordered the carne asada nachos, we were maybe only the 2nd customer in the place. It took forever to receive our food and when we did they forgot our beans inside the nachos (who does that?) and got the order wrong. I looked forward to these cause it's all I've ordered in the past, it was nothing like before. Very disappointed.
