4	Empire Dancesport is the studio that we're going to for our "Dance With Chad" wedding dance classes... It's conveniently located and the people that work there are sweet... the facility itself is perfect for dance class and there is a fantastic music system set up.  Just being in the studio makes you want to dance, dance, dance!From the couple of visits we've had so far, it seems that there is a lot going on there, especially in the evenings and on weekends.  Jeff, the manager, is really passionate about what he does.  Empire Dancesport offers all kinds of classes - private lessons, group classes, dance parties, etc... and all genres of dance including swing, salsa, waltz, foxtrot, tango, rumba, cha cha, etc... Jared and I are really enjoying the classes we're taking at Empire Dancesport and I can see why so many people are into dancing, and "So You Think You Can Dance," etc... I've never been much of a dancer, but now that I'm getting a taste for it, I may just have to learn more!
1	My fiance and I went to Empire Dance Studio to learn how to dance for our wedding.  We were also hoping that since they have presumably done this for other couples they could assist us in choosing a song.  We thought wrong, we asked time and time again for help with a song and not one was ever suggested.  So we picked one on our own and they tried to put a dance to it.  The dance they picked to go with it seemed really slow and didnt go well with the music.  They choreographed a routine that did not fit our personalities and had some dance moves that were really cheesy.  When I called to voice my concerns, Jean the manager, told me that I needed to come in more - mind you these dance classes are VERY expensive.   She was very defensive, abrasive and rude.  Instead of trying to make a customer happy she snapped back at me.  Finally she passed me off to Jeff, the owner which was nice.  He wanted to work it out to a point but never offered an apology or addressed how rude Jean was.  He actually said that I should own 50% of the blame.   He was defensive and protective of his team to the point where he was willing to lose a customer rather than apologize for poor customer service.  We would have went back if Jean wasnt so rude to us and if Jeff would've made more of an effort to make us feel welcome.  In the end we didnt feel comfortable going back.  And the lessons that we prepaid they refused to refund.  HORRIBLE customer service and unprofessional mom and pop shop.  Definitely go somewhere else!
5	As an avid student of dance, after my last ballroom instructor with AWOL, I decided to sample some local studios before choosing my new dance home.  I bought lesson packages from three different studios before finally choosing Empire Dancesport and I couldn't have made a better choice.Not only is Jeff the owner accessible, but he is also extremely passionate about his craft.  He has also created a family-type atmosphere which is very comfortable in which to learn something new - it isn't always easy to try something you aren't good at.  I think this is best demonstrated by the fact that my very-non-dancer husband actually bought lessons for himself without any urging from me!Another advantage of Empire Dancesport besides it's great location and full dance lesson schedule is access to world-class instructors.  I have had the opportunity to be coached by high level dancers besides Jeff while at the studio.The party on Friday nights and casual fun on Saturday nights are especially great.  I've already made some new friends as well as gotten healthier over the last two months.  There is space for competitive dancers like me as well as purely social dancers.I know that Jeff has my best interests at heart and will support me in becoming the best dancer I can be.  I've already shed 45 pounds since I started my journey as well as improved my cardiovascular capacity.  I expect to be at Empire Dancesport for years to come.  I can't think of a better recommendation than that!
5	I have taken dance lessons before from an independent contractor and I can say that it was nowhere near the quality of experience I had with Empire Dancesport.  The company is family owned and operated and everyone shows tremendous dedication to the business with the goal of making the customer happy.  They asked me a lot of questions about what I wanted to get out of the lesson and even formulated a dance plan for me to achieve those goals.  It was a very professional yet fun experience for me and I will definitely go back.
