3	Barely resisting Crazy Buffet & their brand new Mongolian BBQ just across the parking lot, I stopped into this nice Coco's for lunch, starting with a delicious little crock of piping hot Cheese & Potato Soup.  Then it was on to a Club Sandwich on good quality whole wheat toast, with a big, tasty dill pickle spear on the side.Everything was right about this place, including the ambiance, seating comfort, food, service & price ($7.99)!
1	Let me start off by saying that I haven't ate at Coco's in probably 10 years, used to go with my grandparents when I was young. My girlfriend ate here with a co-worker a couple weeks ago and said she wanted to go back and get some Pie. I figured why not I really couldn't remember the quality of the food so I decided we'd give it a go.We decided to go on her lunch hour and it took the hostess/waitress a good 5 minutes to seat us even though they were not busy at all. This wasn't that big a of a deal since I'm always willing to wait for a good meal. Too bad it never came! We decided to split a sandwich but after 35mintues of waiting I paid for the drinks and had to walk out. The waitress gave us the run around and kept making excuses about why the food was so slow. I will never eat at this coco's again in my life, I can't stand poor customer service or just poor service altogether.
4	Ive been to Coco's before and probably a few of them.  Even this one a while back.  However, Ive been to this location twice in two weeks and have never been happier.  BE sure to get Amanda as your server. She's awesome and knows her stuff.  The second time we all showed up, she literally pointed at each of us and told us our drink order.. we never said a word.  It was awesome.Right now Coco's is doing their holiday food so dont miss out on the great tastes they have going on.  My personal favorite at Coco's is their Turkey Jack Croissant.  I get it all the time and I'm never disappointed.  Best time to is during the week in the evenings. They gave great breakfasts, so you can also order that in the evening time.  If you go on a Sat or Sun morning... get ready to wait.  The place is packed!
3	I was less than impressed with the service, but the food was okay. Our server (I believe her name was Dawn) was incredibly grumpy and rude. Our drinks were never refilled. We were there for at least 20 minutes before we were able to place our order (and it was far from busy). It took at least another 25 minutes to get our food after that. I got the Eggs Benedict. Nothing fancy, but it was good. The potatoes were better than most. Boyfriend got the tomato, basil, egg white omelet and added in a turkey patty. I wasn't terribly impressed with his (I got a bite of spinach and nothing else) but he seemed to like it. I'd go again if we could request another server. Nothing fancy, but it's close to my house and I wasn't disappointed enough that I won't come back.
3	Been here a couple times and the food is great but the service has been eh..lets just say it could get better. But it wont stop me from coming here! lol
3	Nothing to write home to your Mother about, but the food is good and the service was excellent. Our waiter appeared to be the only one serving tables when we arrived, yet he did it with a smile on his face and quick service. Coco's is your standard family-type restaurant chain. It is the kind of place you go when you just want to eat and move on. It satisfies all your immediate needs for food & drink. Prices are reasonable, food is good and everything is clean. Could be your Mother's kitchen.
3	Not what I expected.  Food good.  Service lousy.  Waitress too busy gossiping with customers.  Manager had to bring food to US.
3	Nice little spot for breakfast.  We actually were hoping to go to another breakfast spot (Sweet Tomatoes) only to find out that they don't serve breakfast anymore, so we headed to U.S. Egg, which was crazy packed so it would take forever for us to get seated, and to get food.  So, Coco's was our little Bronze medal as our 3rd choice to get breakfast.  There was no wait to get seated, food was decent, freshly made, and although it saddens me to see the enormous amount of calories I will be consuming since they list all your meal calories on the menu, it is very helpful for those that are trying to eat healthier.  I also like that they offer organic fair trade coffee ($2.49), in addition to your standard brew ($1.99).  They also offer a nicely tart iced peach green tea, which is very refreshing.  I had the peach French toast, which came with your choice of egg and meat.  The french toast was a sizeable portion, with freshly cut peaches in a nice glaze that wasn't too sweet.  The French toast itself was decent, not too spectacular, but the turkey sausage I ordered with it was nice and flavorful.  Although this wasn't our first choice for breakfast, everyone enjoyed their meal, and it's a good place to keep in mind if we're in the area.
2	We had breakfast today at 10AM--after going to the swap meet.  So we were late, ... and there wasn't a crowd here.  And we see why.   Service at the door is ok.  Service at the table slow, and slow deliver of requested water, and ... of our food order.  The food was perfectly good--except it was luke warm.  We thnk it was sitting up there.  The restaurant was not busy, and not even half full.  Yet the tables across from us were left dirty and unbussed the entire time of our visit.  Very unappealing.  Mostly the food delivery was slow, the male waiter was slow, the food was luke warm.  Scrambled eggs were way overcooked and crumbled into small pieces.  Brown all over as in extra well done.  We did not complain.  We just will not be coming back.  I predict this chain as closing in the future--and it wont' be because of the economy, it will be because of mediocre service and staff.  It will be like what happened to Marie Calendars.  See ya!
2	My wife's food was cold. My food was okay, but not something I would be sure to mention to others.
2	So wife and I went there.  I asked for cheese ravioli with non meat sauce.  Plate comes out with meat sauce.  Brought me a second plate started to eat it, and there was meat sauce on it again.  I believe the chef used the same serving spoon for both the meat and non meat sauce.  Which to a vegetarian is a big thing, I told that to the manager.   The manager was very nice and felt very sorry for us.  He ended up not charging us for anything but the glass of wine.  We both got a piece of pie.  Would probably go again, because my wife liked the pot roast; but I will be very careful what I order.  I don't know how much I trust the chef there.  Mixing serving spoons between meat and non meat items, is not ok IMO.  Mine is a personal choice, but some people eat this way due to other reasons which they consider to be very important.  Vegetarian check your plates.
3	They closed :-(
1	I wish there were  - starts. This place is the rudest place I've been. I came here with my brother and wife after a game of golf for some late breakfast, when we got here, we had to wait for more than 20min before anyone actually came over to us and told us to wait, that a table will be available in a few minutes. (there were open tables all over the restaurant). Once we got a table (almost 40min. Into the visit)  we had to wait another 10min. Before our server came over to ask us about our food and drinks. We got our coffee cold and water with no ice. (really ppl, it's Arizona). I have them the benefit of a possibility of being busy or short staff. Came back a second time, and still the same experience  :-( HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE... will not be going back, ashamed that they can't even serve hot food...
