5	Ok, so I drive by this place every day, to and from work, and have been dying to stop in and check it out.  I admit, I'm not a biker kind of gal, nor am I looking to by a bike anytime soon, but checking out new places IS my thang, ya know??  So, I went in last Saturday and was warmly welcomed by a female staff member who made me feel comfortable right away.  The dealership is immaculate, clean, well organized, and most importantly, NOT intimidating!  I loved it!  I wanted to hang out and socialize!They have plenty of bikes here to look at and choose from.  They have a clothing section, a pool table and a leather couch.  They also sell harley parts, accessories, and have a service department.Anyways, after talking with an associate, she told me that if I was looking to meet people, they were having a ladies night on Wednesday.  I guess its a regular thing.I went to the ladies only bike night, and I was so happy that I did.  They take the time to educate me on what it takes to be a rider.  Even if you are NOT a biker type, I reccomend stopping into any Harley dealership.  Why? Becuase they do more then sell bikes.  They host events, its a great way to meet people, and try to new things.
4	So, i did not buy shit from them. That is right - i did not. But not cuz i did not wanna. Noooooo Sir/Ma'am. I sure as fuckk wanted to. That special edition Sporster was reeeeeeeeeeeeealy sweet and i could totally see myself riding it till i'd gotten a red monkey butt. But i did not buy it, i also did not buy any other bike from them either. Prices on those bite! Big one! Hard. Well... Anyhow.. Where was I? Ohh yeah. The lady who works there was super helpful and showed me around and answered my dumb questions. Was willing to help me out to source out a used bike when i am done taking my class. Great service. She did not make me feel stupid or anything and was very helpful. Thanks Deb!I doubt i'll be back, as my broke ass can not afford a Harley and it feels wrong to buy anything else from Harley dealership. But, if you made of money and want one then get your helmet, gloves, some pants and your phat wallet and head down there. Their inventory is big, shop is clean and people are nice. Vroom.. vroom...
1	That is what i think of their service! Its like OMFG. I came in da morning to drop off my scooter for some simple adjustments. I called a few day b4 and made appointment for 8:30am but i been told to be there 8 and they will write me up and send me on my way. So, there i am and they like - we not open till 8:30. Butttt. buttt Alright we will do you favor and write you up. I call for update about 1pm. Oh yeah its TWO hours worth of labor. WTF! two hours? I been told its one. Ok fine. I call for update at 3:40 and they JUST putting it on the lift and maybe i can come get it tomorrow? WTF, its my ride home. No, fucking do it today. Actually you know - Do not touch it. I called other dealers and they told me its actually only 30 min of labor not TWO hours. Bottom line - Procrastinators and upchargers. Take you Harley elsewhere.
4	This review is only about the rental department.  I'm not a big Harley fan but it's the only bike (that I'm aware of) that you can rent for a day ride.  I've rented from CHD a half dozen times, Fat Boys, Road Kings, Rockers, etc.  Each time the staff has been pleasant and helpful.  The same two guys have worked the rentals forever and, providing you show up properly dressed and seem to know enough to assure them you won't kill yourself or anyone else, are always a hoot.  The only reason I don't give this place five stars is that the rental rate can get a bit pricey.  That said, my most recent rental was only $89, so maybe  they've lowered their rates (or the bike I rented simply cost less).  I've always found the bikes in great shape and, if one were seriously contemplated a HD purchase, I'd recommend they head here for rental beforehand.  Great staff, great bikes.
5	My first non-food-related review. Five stars! What can I say, I brought my bike in to the service department. The guys were cool with me, I don't know much about bikes, and they treated me with respect. Scot Hefington was the guy that helped me and he was very knolegeable and really cool about my ignorance with bikes. He took care of things fast, but not rushed. Way above my expectations. After I left service, I walked around the showroom and the sales guys were cool too. Not pushy, no bullshit. It was the first time I've been to a dealership and didn't feel like hiding from the sales people.  After the showroom came the softgoods. Huge selection!  The girls over here were friendly, hot and helpful. Everything about this dealership screamed 10 stars!! Too bad I can only give 5.
1	Do Not get your bike serviced here! My bike got a flat tire so I called them to arrange replacement. The service dept. said it would be $160 for the tire, $50 for labor and they'd pick up and deliver it for free. Expensive but I said ok. They pick it up in the morning and say it should be back in a few hours. So after 6 hours I call and the guy says they forgot about it but they would do it the next morning. The next day they call to go over the charges and its $336...for a flat tire fix? And NOW its $202 for the tire, $30 for a tube, $5 for disposal, oh and $60 for delivery (which I argued down to $20).  Bottom line: unprofessional and bad business practices not to mention overcharging after the quote.
5	Just stopped in the buy a shirt.  Normal Harley shop prices.  They had the biggest variety of local tagged gear.  Impressive.  A few custom nice bikes.  The help was super cute (ladies) and helpful.   I dont know about prices or service on the bikes, but seemed pretty classy.
2	They are very friendly and helpfull....when your going to buy something. I have purchased 5 motorcycles from these guys, and have brought in several other friends who have also purchased bikes, and now that I am at a point where I can't buy anything at the moment, they barley acknowledge me when I go in there. They don't have the newest inventory, Scottsdale does, and they don't always have the lowest prices on stuff.
3	My review is based solely on t-shirt purchases. I travel between ORD and PHX alot for business and family.  This time I had a short notice business trip and felt bad I had to leave DH behind so decided to go back here and get him a present.  Whew.  When we were out here in April, I thought this was one of the highest priced HD dealers to get a shirt.  So decided to give it a try this time.  I ended up getting two shirts and out the door I went.  I gotta say the sales chick was very nice and got me in and out but I still say this is one of the highest priced HD dealers to get a shirt.  There is something to be said, when I get a shirt at ORD cheaper than I can get one in Chandler.
1	These guys are a joke. Was getting an oil change and a new rear tire on my bike. Shopped around on the phone with several valley HD dealerships. Drove three hours to get there since i don't have a HD dealership in my area. Once I got there they jacked the price up and wanted 50.00 more to install the tire and 50.00 more for the oil change. Overall, they were 150.00 more expensive the the Scottsdale dealership. Met with the service adviser who gave me the quote and the service manager. Both had a " tough shit" attitude. Weren't willing to match the price or negotiate at all. Business must be great at Chandler Harley Davidson with their don't give a shit arrogant attitude. Wonder if the owners know that this is the way their management treats customers? Would not recommend going there and I know I never will again.?totally disgusted.
1	Looks like if you write a neg-- review it gets filtered.Sorry Yelp but it is what it is.
5	I've dealt with every department at Chandler Harley Davidson, they've been great everytime.
5	Chandler Harley Davidson is the best dealership I have dealt with they got me top dollar for my trade in. Their prices are the same as most the other HD dealerships; however their service is way above average. Once you get to know this dealership you really do become family. I recently wrecked on my 883 when the bike got towed in I got phone calls from all depts. making sure I was ok. They always remember everyone in your family. This is more then a dealership it's a group of amazing people ready to welcome in everyone!
2	Horrible experience...filled out my application made it clear on what I wanted and how much I had as a down. Finance guy comes back with a down of 4-5 times what I had told them what I had. Next they try to get me to start trading firearms for 1/2 of their value. They even asked me if I a led/lcd tv cause their sales manager wanted one for his office. The sales guy kept calling my office and wouldn't even call my cell#.
5	All the sales staff were exceptionally helpful and assertive. Thank you Sean for your help and knowledge.
3	Had the rear tire replaced on my Harley here. Same Day service, but the write up was slow. There are better service departments in the valley, but their clothing sale items can be great! Nice selection of bikes and good parts department. Check out the clearance parts too, just may fit your bike perfectly!
1	Called to verify a part was there for a 2008 buell xb12s. The part was an oil dipstick which they said they had one, I live in Peoria and work 7 days a week and don't ever get to Chandler. The parts guy acted annoyed and talked me out of having it sent to arrowhead, I had someone else pick it up which I explained so that we could ensure the part would be there. It was for a 2003 and didn't fit. Bad customer service AND the part was wrong.
5	This place is great! Bought a brand new HD on my birthday. The staff was super! They walk us through the entire building, clothing, accessories and shop. We even went into the shop and checked it out, awesome!They gave us education on the bike, how to's and what all the buttons are, the do not touch unless you know what your doing.Sales guy Rob was a very good wealth of knowledge, defiantly helped with making our choice!Clothing sales lady very nice, if I could have been slower on trying on my clothes she would have been able to cater to me even more.The entire staff at Chandler HD eventually came out and talked with us, started our bike before we made our final decision..Vvvrrroomm, vvrroom, vvrroomm!Thank you Chandler HD
1	Typical big box shop, new employees every time i have come in (high turnover speaks volume) poorly trained, most management are not riders, and no sense of urgency!!! Everyone i spoke with acted as if I were inconveniencing them by trying to spend money.Save your time and money, this place is a glorified Cycle Gear.
1	Called to schedule a simple 5k, and I got a lot of "Uhhhhhh's" and "Ummmmms" which is never confidence inspiring from the get go. They were $105 higher than another dealership i wont mention- and wouldnt work with me on that price. He proceeded to tell me theyre not busy at all and could have someone finish it quick. So youre not good at your job, youre expensive, and not busy? Shocking.
1	I went in to service I had a knock in my motor they spent 2 weeks on it they told me the cam bearings were bad  $1,500 later the same knock was still there and they said they couldn't hear then when I brought it back they heard it then they wanted to charge me to finish the job which the cam bearings and cams were not bad.
1	This place is a joke. They scratched my bike and then tried to not paint it. I had to deal with this for a month. Everyone just kept lying and saying it was done.  I went there twice and nothing was done. They actually said don't worry we can fix it. How about instead of fixing it we will give you a free oil change? Really!? Then after they supposedly painted it there where still scratches on it. I gave them plenty of  chances to just fix it.... When I told them I was not happy with the paint repair they said "to bad". All I can say is if you go here I hope your lucky and service goes well because if it doesn't go well this just isn't a stand up place. It really was just unprofessional and down right dirty business practice. This is a small added complaint compared to the damage that they caused to my bike but I gave them my bike clean and waxed, I got it back a mess. Finger prints and dirt all over it. Along with a bill from a part that wasn't fully covered from my extended warrantee. When I called another dealer they told me it was fully covered. So since I payed extra and was left with damage I get at least to leave this so everyone can read and maybe not go through what I went through. There are plenty of other dealers, any other one would probably be better. For anyone's curiosity I had the damage fixed by a private mom and pop shop they did a great job and went easy on me because of my circumstance, $250. It was very fair for the amount of paint work they did and only took 3 days.
4	Our new Ultra was in need of its 1000 mile service so we located the closest Dealership to us, called Chandler HD and they said bring it on in.  Steve was very helpful and had all the paperwork ready when we got there.  Steve kept us informed as to the status, even tracking us down on the showroom to give us an update.After reading the reviews on Yelp afterwards it appears that service has issues but if Steve's service is indicative of what one can expect then I'd say give them a shot.
5	I love this place! The sales staff are knowledgeable and eager to help without being pushy. The parts department have some of the vest in the business and the service team are top notch as well. I have bought my bike here and this is the only place I trust to work on it!
1	Purchased my bike there sales were fine no complaints there.  Merchandise dept.  fine very friendly.  My issue is with parts and managment and service I have tried to get parts many times with the help of a parts person 50% of the time they give you the wrong one.  Got a seat for my model and make I'd hd.  Got it home and it fit like hell. Went back to talk to them.  Sorry it's yours try selling it on eBay or CL. Tried charging me 3 hours of labor for simple slip on pipes !! I have done this myself in less than one hour without a lift or shop.   Overall would I buy from them again. Maybe. Just don't trust anything else they say or do. Worse yet they don't stand behind anything they do
5	The staff has always been good. I've been coming here for a couple years and it's always the same courtesy, service and Harley fun. The service team is dedicated and willing to help. I've brought my bike for various maintenance or repairs needed and they give me the "red carpet" treatment. The HOG chapter here is equally friendly, and helpful.
