5	I have a dark and shameful past...Yelp is probably that best place for me to let it all out and begin the healing:)Before I became the humble software marketing genius that I am today, I was a suit...a corporate stooge...I wasn't workin' for the man...in most cases, I was the man:)During that time of my life, I picked up some very unsavory habits...including one of the most unsavory habits ever visited on self-important executives...fountain pens:)God help, me...I still love them so:)I still have every one of them and I still use them with regularity (I know, I make my living with the keyboard...more or less...but when I write for pleasure, it's usually on a fine Rhodia #19 graph pad, with one of my 73 lovely "writing instruments":)There is something both soothing and exciting about the flow of ink on fine paper...sometimes, it's the only way to get a really coherent sentence together:)Some of my pens, I can refill from my inkwell, but many require cartridges...cartridges that they don't always sell at Staples or Office Depot...That's when I set off for the far reaches of Old Town Scottsdale and swing by Scottsdale Pen Company...home of all things pen:)It's like a head shop, but for a different kind of addiction:)What a gorgeous and glorious selection of truly marvelous writing instruments, writing instrument related paraphernalia and objet d'art:-)They have the cousins to my Mont Blanc's, the younger brothers and sisters of my beautiful Parkers and Waterman's and Sheaffer's...they even have the utilitarian antecedents of my everyday Lamy's and Rotring's:)They have beautiful new Acme's, Pelikan's and Pilot's and mechanical pencils, like my Faber-Castell Fat Boy:)Oh, and the paper...lovely leather bound journals and tablets, beautiful Rhodia tablets from France...I get goosebumps! :-)Finally, they have ink...lots and lots of ink...in cartridges, in bottles...and I need ink!They had cartridges for my Cross and my Rotring, when I thought I was going to have to go to Colorado Pen or something...so glad I didn't have to go that route:)It was definite "win" for me...I get to support a wonderful local business...I got to "use" a bunch of new pens (try that at Pink's)... and I got a whole new place to hang out and indulge my pen fantasies...at least until they get the restraining order:-)
5	Pens pens and more pens!I came here looking for some ink for a fountain pen I recently purchased online. WOW. I wasn't expecting the incredible selection they had nor the friendly help I received. Donald S says it best... they have everything. Definitely going back!
5	I'm not sure I could say it better than Donald S., but Scottsdale Pen deserves a review. And a favorable one at that.I am a pen newbie. I confess. But as someone who has always appreciated a "good" disposable pen, I am not sure why it has taken me this long to embrace the fountain pen. However, after years of corporate waste using cheap disposable pens, I decided that I would finally purchase a refillable fountain pen.This was the place to go. The owner(?) was extremely helpful, knowledgable, and willing to spend the time to advise me towards a beautiful selection within my budget. They had a wonderful selection, from $25 to $5000+.I finally settled on a Pelikan, and have never been happier. It is a pleasure to write with, it will last me many many years, and I will never write with a disposable pen again. I have a feeling that this is probably the start of collection, and I look forward to shopping at Scottsdale Pen Company, even if my wife doesn't look forward to me shopping there :-)
5	Scottsdale Pen is a fantastic store with a great selection. The owner, I can't remember his name, is extremely friendly and helpful. I feel very fortunate to have found Scottsdale Pen while in AZ on business. I am a fan of Lamy fountain pens and there are no Lamy dealers in Utah (where I live). While I was in the shop I purchased a new fountain pen, an ink well, adaptor and refills. The prices are very reasonable. I highly recommend this shop to anyone looking for a good, reliable fountain pen or any other kind of pen. The trip will be well worth your time.
5	In the world of internet and emails, there lives a lost art that requires a pen and pad of paper. Some may think this ancient art is just that, ancient news, but to some, this art lives on in their heart. In fact, they will spend a hefty hunk of change to make sure they do this ancient art of writing by using only the best there is to offer. So if you are one of these artists that *gasp* uses a pen and piece of paper to express yourself in this technology age, this is the shop you must visit to purchase a state-of-the-art pen. Have you heard of a pen snob? Well, they exist and most likely you will find them hovering over the counters of Scottsdale Pen Company. Believe it or not, pens in here can run in the $2,000 price range. Yes, I said $2,000...for a pen! But there's a market and during my visit, I actually witnessed someone purchase a pricey pen. Apparently this is a hot spot for visitors from other countries because they end up saving money by buying in the states. At any rate, this is the spot to purchase a nice pen for the loved one in your life that loves to write. After passing by the Scottsdale Pen Company many times in my time here, I finally visited the store thanks to my Mom's love for writing and my desire to buy her a special pen for her birthday. Apparently my price range was not what the owner was hoping for, but he was still very nice and showed me to some in my price range...I mean it is a pen after all! I can't go bankrupt for a pen...right!? Well the pen collector reading this might disagree... I will now end this drawn-out story about Scottsdale Pen Company (I probably should be using a pen and pad of paper to write this review, but then you wouldn't be able to read it right now, would you!) Before I go, let me mention that they really do carry some pretty unique pens here, including sporting themed pens for every team in baseball. Santa's elves should remember this shop when searching for the perfect gift for the authors out there.
5	This was my first "real" pen buying experience.  I am not a pen connoisseur but after using a pen of quality from a colleague I decided to start looking for a "higher end" pen.  With my 1st anniversary approaching trying to stick with the whole paper concept I asked for a quality pen.  My wife and I went into the store and felt welcomed immediately.  We told them our price range and what style of pen I prefer and we narrowed it down to a few.  Not once did we feel rushed or pressured to buy.  When it was all said and done we walked out with a pen that suited me spending less than our budget.  Excellent Customer Service.
5	Pricey without a doubt and admittedly the sort of place that not everyone will "get," Scottsdale Pen Company is a gem for those who fancy esoteric writing instruments - whether for functionality, or as an artistic statement.  A beautiful collection that is extensive yet well culled and workers who are passionate and knowledgable these folks not only helped me find a mechanism I'd been looking for in an old pen but also had ink available at a great price for another pen that I generally have to special order in any color but black.  Great stuff and a nice location for browsing after coffee at Cartel I'll certainly be back.
2	Everyone runs into a poor experience now and then, and I guess we just didn't click as store and customer.  Ok, enough of the pen jokes.Not appearing too concerned that the defective Visconti Traveling Ink Pot had leaked all over me and I did indeed walk around with blue fingers for days, the thing that irked me into a two star review is that the owner waited a week to contact Visconti to get a replacement that apparently never came.  When you charge someone MSRP for one of these items, you tend to expect service if the unit is defective.  I must be on another planet to expect this, so I wound up contacting the Visconti distributor directly and have wound up spending an extra $20 for shipping outbound and return to Planet Phoenix.Hey, my Kon-Peki blue fingers don't look too bad, anyway; it might even be good to scare the TSA folks as I check in tomorrow ;)
5	I just bought my first fountain pen. So what do I do within a month of owning it?  I bend the nib!!  With my particular pen that's a $70 replacement if you can't repair it.  I got on the phone with Jay and he gave me some great advice.  I was able to repair the pen with him on the phone!!!I will definitely be back for any supplies or advice I need int he future!!Thanks Jay!!
5	Pens are a super cool thing, we all use them daily, regardless of what we do- so why write with a crummy pen? Scottsdale Pen Company sells a huge array of pens, ranging from very affordable, to very pricey- and everything in between. I was looking for a new Lamy click pen, and heard great things about the Scottsdale Pen Company. I popped over on a Friday afternoon, parking was easy, they are located in the heart of Scottsdale. I was warmly greeted by the owner, Jay- who helped me find exactly what I was looking for. I bought a cool new Lamy pen, that is kind of James Bondish. When you click the pen, the pocked clip retracts, which means you can't put it back in your pocket with the ink exteneded, thus saving your shirts!I am so exicted to have found this place, I now have a great place to buy gifts for the people I care about in my life. Jay is awesome, and it feels great to buy a wonderful product at a locally owned small business.Boom.
5	I just bought the most expensive pen in my entire life, but ohh, it hurts so good.I walked in and to my surprise this wasn't a stationary store selling cards, paper, pencils and pens; they sell pens, period. With stars in my eyes, I saw pens ranging from $25 through thousands of dollars. Wow, OMG, is that made with gold?, what a cool looking pen! were all thoughts that came to me while perusing the selection.I just had to ask, "What makes a pen thousands of dollars instead of 1's of dollars?" to which the operator of this locally owned and operated shop explained the manufacturing process, varying metals and materials used, and previous ownership all have a part to play. I saw pens just shipped out from the manufacturer to pens made in the 20th century previously owned by a collector or perhaps someone of notable importance."I guess some of these are more like an art piece than a writing instrument." I noted to the operator and he replied, "right, some people collect watches, and some people like pens."I was happy to have visited today and left with a really nice looking and feeling pen for $45. I'll be sure and use this whenever I've got something important to sign my name to. Any one need me to autograph something? a picture, a baseball, the magna carta?Happy Yelping Phoenix!
5	Bring your hubby here to pick out his own gift.  done and doneAwesome service.  The saleswoman had answers to our questions.  My hubby was in geek heaven here !!! Purchased the multi pen of his dreams , and relieved me of having to find something to buy for him for his birthday.  An all around win !! Thanks so much to the knowledgeable staff helping him to get exactly what he was looking for.  You made my gift giving season so much easier
2	Have bought probably 6+ Waterman Ballpoint pens here. I tend to lose them and give them as gifts. Was really happy to keep my business local as my office is a short walk away. Stopped by the other day to see about getting the decorative silver tab replaced on my pen, waited for about 15 min as two  very pleasant Canadians made thier purchases. The shop keeper was very nice in telling me that because Parker/Waterman doesn't provide replacement parts I would have to send the pen back to Parker/Waterman, at my expense, wait around 8 weeks to have it fixed (if I could prove it had been less than a couple years since I purchased) and then pay to have it shipped back. It was the next awkward moment that solidified my making this review... it was clear that the best choice would be to skip the hassle and expense and buy a new pen. I did. Online. For less than the local store. Sad, when you realize that having a personal relationship with a local vendor doesn't outweigh the convieience, savings and service of shopping online. Interweb 1, local business 0
