4	My stupid computer.  I called around and this guy actually picked up on a Sunday to help me out with my infested computer which i needed anti-virus removal run on.  So 1) He works on weekends, 2) could he answer my questions about these sneaky viruses versus my antivirus programs? - yes, he did, he spoke great computer speak, but translated it to me in normal people language, lol. :p  and 3) most important to me at this time, Oh my God he didn't charge $200 frigging bucks!!!   MUCH better rate.  Thank you, Brian.  :)   He offered to work on it remotely or come out to my home but I actually chose to drop it off with him as less distractions for me.  And once it was complete, he talked it over with me and let me pound him with more questions about Facebook this and how many windows and blah blah blah, security this that.  Computer is all clean. I'm good!
5	I've had Brian help me with my computers a few times over the years. He is very knowledgable, patient, and reasonably priced. I recommend Brian to all my friends/colleagues as a trusted resource. I use Brian when I need to, and he does such an excellent job, I rarely need to speak with him :)
5	I had to replace my router this week and when I did, my wireless printer needed to be reset.  I tried to do it myself, but it just wasn't printing. This was a real problem because I work from home and need my printer to work.  I didn't like the last guy that fixed my computer and didn't know who to call.   I randomly called Brian from an ad I saw in the Yellow Pages.  He tried to talk me through it on the phone but my printer is a little older and it wasn't as easy as it should have been.  He came out to my house later that day and had the printer back online in a few minutes.  His price was very reasonable too.  Brian is my new go to guy for any computer issues.  Thanks Brian!
5	I just had Brian remove some malware from my PC while I was out at an appointment for the evening. He handled our issue after hours and kept me updated as he was working. He did not come across as a smarty pants IT guy which is SO refreshing, and he got the job done at a very fair price. Great experience! He will be our go-to guy next time for sure!
