1	On Friday, June 1, 2012, I stayed at the Motel 8 located on Las Vegas Blvd in Las Vegas, NV.  Woke up the next day finding evidence of bed bugs.  I took pictures of the blood on the sheets/pillows and a picture of a dead bed bug on one of the pillows.Went to the check out desk but no manager was on site and the clerk could not help with my dispute.  I asked him to call the manager. He made a comment that the owner is actually the manager but he was not available nor did he have contact information for the manager.  He asked me to come back in a couple of hours when owner would be there.   I felt, right then, that I was giving the run-around.  Sure enough, when I returned, the original motel rep was gone for the day and owner/manager was nowhere to be found.  Therefore, I explained it all over again to the current motel rep.  He also said that he did not have contact information on the owner and that he was not in.  He told me that the owner's brother was in the back office stating he would have his brother (owner) would call us.  In attempt to talk to the brother, I knocked on the office door and no one would answer the door.  Once again, I was getting the run-around.  I explained that if the owner's brother was in the back then why can't the brother call the owner to help us?  Obviously, he would have his brother's phone contact.  It was also obvious that no one was in the back office.The motel rep said that my name/phone # had been given to the owner/manager by the earlier hotel rep and that I should expect a call.  Today, 6/6, and still not a phone call from the owner.Also, while on premises, I talked to the maintenance man and he explained that they've had bed bug problems in our room (room #100) in the past. He said that they embalmed the room twice. He explained that they used the "do it yourself" kit both times and a professional was never used.  You would think that if their first efforts did not work that they would call on professional.  They continue to run a business knowing they have bedbugs.
3	you get what you pay for.
