5	Nighwire Magazine is fun, informative and a great breath of fresh air to all the negativity in the world today.  The humor will make you smile, the dining reviews are always on target.  The wine & spirits feature and the recently added craft beer features are great.  If you want to feel good and lighten up your day... I suggest you pick up a copy or go online and read it!  Love it.. keep up the good work
5	Nightwire Magazine is a "free" monthly publication featuring entertainment, dining, wine & spirits, health&fitness, travel, sports and humor.  It's a fun and delightful magazine that will make you smile. The magazine provides content for everyone without being political or making statements.  The dining with Nightwire provides reviews on area restaurants and walks their reader through their experience and suggests menu items they really liked. They don't give stars/forks & spoons or stupid smiley faces, just their honest opinion on the restaurant and they seem to have fun doing it.  The entire magazine is uplifting and fun....in this world full of doom and gloom its nice to have a publication that makes you feel good and brightens your day.  There is no other publication in Pittsburgh that is read cover to cover, saved, shared and loved by so many loyal readers.  If you haven't pick up a copy, you should really do so, then you can sit back relax and just enjoy reading this fun and entertaining magazine! Hopefully you'll find a joke or two that will make you laugh or better yet, maybe you'll relate to some of the humor and laugh at yourself... Humor, the best medicine in the world... Keep up the good work Nightwire!!
5	I just picked up the newest issue of Nightwire Magazine.  Congrats to Nightwire on becoming the first fully augmented (AR) publication in the U.S.  For those of you, who may not be familiar with AR.. you have to check it out. What their AR does is to bring their whole magazine "alive" with videos, blogs, facebook, flip through photos, commercials and really cool content laid on top of their printed pages.  AR takes all forms of media and by scanning their pages with your smart phone or device with the free app LAYAR the pages magically come alive!  I'm blown away as I'm sure you will be too.. you have to check this magazine out... amazing technology! Really love the craft beer features and now that they come alive you can actually see the breweries and the brewing process.  Love this magazine, itsdefinitely got something for everyone from sports, dining, travel, craft beers, wine & spirits, theater, events and great humor. Check it out... Oh, if you can't find a printed copy you can go to their website www.nightwire.net and view their entire magazine online and how cool.. they made the AR work with their online version of the magazine. I'm truly impressed!!
5	Nightwire has been around for over 10 years!  I love the jokes & local flavor.  Dining reviews are fairly written & I love the travel features.  New restaurants & places are often featured making this little magazine great for newcomers to the burgh!  Pick one up when you see it- they go quick!
