5	Jimmy Johns is my favorite sandwich place ever.  I always get the gourmet veggie sandwich.  Not only is it tasty, it's enormous, and a bargain considering how many vegetables I'd probably waste if I assembled it myself from grocery shopping.It doesn't hurt that I have good memories associated with the company too, like when my summer school teacher ordered us subs to get us through an especially long class session.Plus you get free smells!  (You just have to pay for the food.)
5	Great sandwiches, good selection and variety, super fast service. I eat here once a week at least.
2	the selection was good and everything but i only got 2 slices of roast beef in my sandwich. and my friend only got 2 slices of turkey. they don't give you any meat at all.
5	I love Jimmy Johns. It came to a point where I had Jimmy Johns every night for 2 weeks. The vito is awesome and I love their totally tuna. The bread is what makes the sandwich though and oh man, it is awesome. Jimmy Johns probably has the best sandwich bread that I have ever tasted and I know my sandwiches.
4	In the middle of Downtown Pittsburgh, Jimmy Johns is a breath of fresh air amidst the stuffy city. Because, unlike 99% of other eateries downtown, they DELIVER! Most people don't realize that hairstylists don't take that lunch hour.....we're chowing down while mixing your haircolor on the fly. Hence, we NEED delivery. Not only does Jimmy Johns deliver, their bike-riding delivery drivers get your sandwich and skinny chips to you sometimes faster than you can collect the cash from your coworkers. It's amazing.     Their sandwiches are good, reliable, and can be made relatively healthy. The employees are really nice, and very patient and cool with annoying modifications to the sandwiches. They also have awesome dill pickles.
4	Vegetarian sub is fresh and tasty. Always No.6
3	If I ate meat, I'm sure I would be a bigger Jimmy Johns fan. But, as it stands, they only have one vegetarian option, which seems sub par for a sandwich shop. The veg sandwich is tasty enough, I like that they have sprouts for the sandwiches, and that you can choose wheat bread instead of the traditional white sub. But there's only one thing I can order on the menu, and this girl likes options! Also, the only 'sides' you can choose from are huge pickles or chips, and I don't care for either. Again, lack of choices. I know it's a chain, and I know plenty of people that really like these sandwiches, I just wish they had more selection for the veg crowd.
5	This place is so addicting. I love their California club! I was staying over at the McKee family house which is literally right around the corner from jimmy johns. I went on a straight binge of jimmy johns sandwiches  for like a week. So good..Mmmmmm! Miss that place... The pickles are huge addicting also. They have a nice variety of sandwiches and you can order whatever you want on it or off it. They have soups too... But I never tried em. I stuck to the sandwiches because it was what they did best!!
5	Don't go to Subway!Vito, pepe and tuna subsAnd the bread is good!**and I don't even like bread
2	Jimmy Johns is fast. So fast that they forgot to put sprouts on my tuna sandwich. Considering that was the primary reason I got said tuna salad sandwich, I'm pretty bummed. The tuna salad itself is chunk light tuna, not even whole albacore, and has a pretty fishy taste to it.  I'll give 'em another try, and hopefully bump this review up another star.
5	i love the sandwiches here. they are so good and they really are quite fast! they are always super nice. my friend ordered chips with her sub and they forgot them, but immediately came back to deliver them even though she was not mad and did not call about them. another time, we ordered from the wrong location and they still delivered to us even though it was out of their delivery range. they are always super friendly and give great customer service. we are loyal customers!
5	Good sub place. Bread was good. Only con is it's out of the way of the Pitt campus (relative to everything else). It is worth the walk though. I would go back.
4	I've eaten here twice in the past two days.  As always, the food is excellent.  I especially appreciated the willingness of the guys who took my order and prepared my food to take extra special care to keep one of my items free of all traces of gluten.
4	I found my first experience with the unwich to be a delightful treat.  I must eat gluten free so I am always wary of the ability of sandwich shops to meet my needs.  They did a wonderful job of keeping my unwich from cross-contamination and I loved every bite of the all veggie choice (sans avocado spread which couldn't be verified gluten free).  I did find it a bit odd that all of there deli meats had gluten but better safe than sorry.If I had written this review yesterday I would have given 5 stars.  However, today I ordered the same unwich for dinner and was pretty disappointed by how wilted and even brown pieces of the lettuce holding the unwich together were.  I would expect crisp and fresh lettuce since the lettuce is a key player here.All in all, I'd go back and keep my fingers crossed for fresher lettuce.
3	Taking off a star because of the surprise delivery charges.
4	I wish there was a jimmy johns where I live ! But every time I'm in an area where I find one Its always a treat !
3	You can't go wrong with a sub from Jimmy Johns-perfect place for lunch. They deliver or a quick place to stop in and get your order.  One of the best secrets is the nine grain bread you can choose to get your sub on instead of the white roll. It is so tasty!  I always go for the beach club-turkery, provolone cheese, tomatoe, lettuce, and guacamole.  One of my favorite things about this place is the option to get guacamole on the sub.  I also highly recommend the vegggie sub-sprouts, cheese, tomatoe, cucumber and more gucamole! Their cookies which are huge (especially the chocolate chip) are delicious!
2	every time i order from them it takes more than 30 min and i live less than a mile away. my order is always right minus one time that was wrong
1	i  am 1.7 miles away from store and out of their range for delivery 1.7 miles well now i will never order or eat from their again
1	This company treats it's employees really poorly.  Employees are required to come in and work when they're sick, so there's an increased chance of becoming ill if you eat at Jimmy John's.  It's worth your time to research this company's history of mistreating the people who make it a success.
5	Very delicious! This place is perfect for a quick lunch stop or a fast delivery. I have always been satisfied here. The bread is my favorite part and the cookies are always fresh! Love this place!
5	One of the best places you can come to! Owner is the nicest person you will ever meet. Food is excellent, staff are super friendly and food is fast! Honestly, you can't get faster than that! ;-)
