3	Taking a cue from the competition down the street and around the corner, TCBY comes back to the market with a serve-your-own format that guarantees you are only as hungry as your wallet and secures bigger sales for this chain.  There are some high points here, but a number of detractors as well.When you first walk in the door you are greeted with the (not so) obligatory (but grossly optional) hand sanitizing station and a choice of 2 cup sizes that rank as large and grossly huge in my book.  This is adjacent to the wall of fro yo, which is a point winner.  Not only do you have the regular flavors you came to love at TCBY (peanut butter and cheesecake), but you also have a few tart yogurt options (again a nod to the competition) and even a sorbet that, while I applaud the non-dairy option, was a little off due to the ice crystals and consistency- not a pleasing mouth feel, especially compared to the smoothie goodness swirling around it.The other high point here is the plethora of toppings options that line the rest of the path towards the cash register.  TCBY easily outdoes their competition here just in terms of diversity and number of options.  Gummy worms, candy pieces, hot toppings... yeah it's all here. So are the healthier and more natural fruit toppings.  Still, it's easy to see which category is pushed here.  Whereas PInkberry and Yoforia try and go semi-healthy- TCBY just proudly dumps a vat of hot caramel on their heads.The rest of the store is seating and it feels like a futuristic candy drop.  A spartan white interior with clear plastic molded chairs in all colors of the rainbow.  It's almost garish and off-putting.But hey, I'm not their target market, as a stop by on a recent Friday night taught me.  Apparently this joint is all the rage with the tween set in the Myers Park and Southpark areas.  I thought I had gotten caught up in an 8th grade field trip.  The store staff did not seem to mind, but they know their customer base.  For me, I'm more likely to get it to go next time.
5	OK I'll start off by saying I'm a sweet freak.  I love dessert.  Also, I was a huge fan of TCBY back in the day when the only flavors were vanilla, chocolate and swirl.  So when I heard that a TCBY was opening close to home, I almost exploded with excitement.  I figured it was going to be just like Yoforia, which I have frequented and enjoyed many times.  I was right, it's just like Yoforia, but BETTER!  The fro yo is soooo good.  I didn't try the fat free ones, just stuck to the classic low fat varieties.  I was able to sample a few and was happy with them all.  The toppings area was amazing.  I can't even name what concoction I came up with because I had pretty much everything on it.  The variety is fun.  One reviewer said this is geared towards tweens and the younger kids, but I'm 29 and loved it :)  It's ice cream, what do you expect?Finally, my husband said "this is the best frozen yogurt I have ever had."  He wasn't a huge fan to begin with but he is offically converted.  We'll be back, probably tomorrow.
4	I used to walk miles to my closest TCBY in New Orleans when I was a teen.  Today, my kids love it too. I still think its probably not the healthiest thing in the yogurt-arena, especially with all the awesome toppings (especially roasted almonds. yum!). I think Tasty-Yo has richer chocolate flavors but TCBY is convenient and a fair price.  They also have other neat flavors, like grapefruit and watermelon.
3	Frozen treats do a body good! TCBY opened just in time for the warm weather. This location is conveniently located at the end of "restaurant row" on Montford. It's self-serve, lots of flavors, and lots of toppings. Friendly employees. Bright and cheery interior. Seating is a bit limited, especially outside (only 3 small tables), but sit on the curb and enjoy. Side note: for those of you riding your bike here, this building area does not have a bike rack.
4	I like the self serve line and load up all your stuff and pay at the end. As usual the frozen goodness is great.  I will go back many times this summer!
4	I'm an ice cream addict, but TCBY frozen yogurt  has pretty much the same idea and I would like to think it's healthier. I first went on the grand opening, where the lack of seating became very apparent. Other than that, it seems like a really clean and organized location with lots of options. I LOVED the smaller cup (which is still rather large) with vanilla and cake batter in it. All it needs is more seating, but as long as i'm eating delish fro-yo, i'm not complaining.
4	TCBY - This Can't Be Yogurt! More like ice cream, minus the fat...yay!  I haven't found anyone that can do it like TCBY yet.  Best yogurt out there IMO and the selection of toppings you can chose from to adorn your bucket of yogurt is bountiful.  The interior is always clean and "fresh" and the people working the counter always helpful and polite with the whip cream or your money ;)My favorite is the red velvet or the plain vanilla, either will treat you right!
3	In Charlotte sea of Fro-Yo joints (someone in the retail real estate biz tells me there's 20 different ones trying to penetrate the CLT market) TCBY ranks in the bottom 25% for me, and I'll tell you why. While TCBY has evolved from the days I went there as a kid...and yes, the yogurt is super creamy and comes in a variety of self-serve flavors...the toppings aren't stellar. How can you use fruit packed in syrup? The fruit is mushy and cloyingly sweet. Any sort of nutritional value is canceled out because of this. (Not that the chocolate toppings at other places are any better!) The decor is fresh and modern and very yogurt-esque, but again, with more "junk food" toppings than fresh options, I can't say TCBY is ever my first choice.  (Even with $1 coupons, I don't always go.)
4	Very cute.  Walking in here is like walking into the Teletubbies clubhouse.  Be warned, this is not the TCBY of your youth!  They have changed their set-up to mirror other popular yogurt places of the 21st century such as Menchies & Pinkberry.There are about 10 self-serve ice-cream & sorbet options, followed by a toppings bar and a scale to weigh and pay.The choices are pretty good.  I would stick with something you like or try it first.  The toffee-nut, oh yes!  The banana?  No no no.Clean, spacious, good location.  I could definitely add this to date night after a movie at park road theater and dinner at Good Food.The staff was very friendly and we really enjoyed our experience.  Open until 11pm on the weekend!
5	This place is the tits!
3	True, TCBY has brought itself into the 21st century in order to compete with all the other self-serve frozen yogurt establishments that have been cropping up everywhere. I've tried about 10 different chains between FL and NC and they are all fairly comparable in my opinion. And, they're all priced pretty much the same. So what's the one factor that can make or break a place? To me, it's attitude of the staff. They need to be welcoming, friendly, polite, and encourage you to try different flavors if you like. If I feel like I'm just a bother to the person behind the counter, there are too many other places I can go. I visited this store on a Thursday evening around 7:30. There were only two other (elderly) customers in the shop. When I came in, I was not greeted. I had to ask to sample a flavor and the man behind the counter grumpily asked how many did I need. After that I was on my own. As I was about half way through, he took a cell phone call to the back room. He did not come out until I was at the register. His only question was, "do you want your receipt?"  I paid and that was the end of our communication. Will I be coming back here? NO. There are too many other places that are just as good if not better who are a lot more polite and concerned about the customer.
4	We had a TCBY on campus at college, so when I found that they are now self serve I was surprised!...very similar to Menchies/YoForia... But glad, i like to pick a few different flavors and have the amount that I choose.  They have great flavor and topping choices.  Everything still tastes the same as i remember, but now you self-serve.I didn't like that they don't have the tiny taste-tester cups like at the other Fro-Yo places- you never know if you are going to like a flavor based on the name!
4	If given the option, I'm going to pick Yoforia all day everyday, but my better half likes the plethora of candy/less-than-healthy options that TCBY offers -so from time to time I will cave and agree to pass up Yoforia (my love) for its lesser, more established cousin... TCBY. TCBY is definitely trying to compete with the boutique Greek yogurt shops, but seems to be having an identity crisis... unsure if it wants to fully transition to a Pink Berry lookalike or stay true to it's yogurt and candied past. The high school kids who work there are always chipper and the place is always bright and clean. Either way, it's not my fave, but I'll keep going back from time to time because my significant other finds it enjoyable.
4	The fro-yo shop reviews continue. This is my first time being in a TCBY since I was a kid. I was impressed overall. Here's what I had. I split my bowl between a pile of chocolate and brownie batter on one side and a decent dollop of the honey vanilla Greek yogurt, per DH's recommendation. I had a hankering for cherry/chocolate (must be the upcoming Valentine's Day holiday), so I topped my fro-yo with semi-sweet chocolate chips and maraschino cherries. The toppings selection is good, and the service area was kept relatively clean. It's somewhat difficult to get a good sense of all they offer because the jars in which the toppings sit are dark. It's hard to scan the space and make a beeline for what you want. Plus, I want to see what the toppings look like so I can check easily for freshness.The yogurt dispensers should come with a burly dude who will hold down the lever for you or something. I was pulling down so hard on the brownie batter one, and it took forever to get anything out. Yogurt: Not a fan of the brownie batter (a lot of work for not a lot of reward!). It tasted synthetic and almost boozy. Boozy's usually a good thing, but not this time. The chocolate was fine. The honey-vanilla Greek was the star. This stuff is wonderful! I hope they keep it around for a while. Subtle, fresh, slightly sweet, super creamy are all words that come to mind. I probably could eat it with nothing on it, but it would be fabulous with fruit. TCBY did not have any tart yogurt options that I could see--at least no equivalent to Yoforia or Menchie's original tart variety.The atmosphere of this TCBY is nice. It gets a lot of natural light and the colors inside are comfortable yet fun. Overall, I like this TCBY.
5	TCYB is by far the best tasting frozen yogurt chain in America. Orange leaf is second best and Pinkberry third
