4	Our daughter Heather, was born with a congenital heart defect. She has been under the care of a Pediatric Cardiologist since the night she was born. We (with the Lords help) believe that she has surpassed most Doctors and has even been told "I would bet my paycheck (DOCTORS) that you would have had open heart by now!" When we moved here to Arizona 3 years ago, we were more concerned about getting a new Pediatric Cardiologist than anything else! We started off at the Cambridge location and did not like the cardiologist we were seeing.After some research we found Dr. Garn at the Dobson Location! All I can say is that we love him and we actually look forward to seeing him for our 6 month check ups. He spends a lot of quality time with us making sure we know exactly what the latest update is on Heather. He seems very thourough and doesn't want to just go in and do a "heart cath" which we are grateful for! Staff is great and wait times are minimal compared to otehr places.
5	If I could give Dr. Stock and his staff 10 stars, I would.  Dr. Stock at the Dobson location is professional, knowledgeable, thorough, compassionate, and spends a great deal of time with his patients.  His staff including Lynn, and ultrasound technician, Mary, are so kind and attentive.  If your child has a heart defect, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Dr. Stock.  We have the utmost confidence in him.
3	Good experience.  The dr was very detailed.  I wasn't 100% comfortable with the sonographer, but she managed to get the pictures the dr. needed...eventually.
3	Ditto on the sonographer!  She seemed super irritated because my 6 month old son was crying and upset the whole time.  We were all super nervous and uncomfortable and she did not help the situation at all.  The actual doctor and nurse (Kristy I think) were great but the sonographer lady really rubbed me the wrong way.  He's a baby with no shirt on laying in a cold room with a stranger messing with him!  Of course he's going to cry!  Learn some bedside manner and help console him not say things like "can't you give him a binky or somethin?" NO!  He doesn't take a binky!
