1	They now charge items by the pound... practically a rummage sale.yes... fill your cart up with whatever.. you want & they put it on the scale for .99cents a pound...items such as books furniture & electronics are at a flat rate...my mom ALWAYS goes here & comes back with at least 5 full bags...They put everything in bins you have to rummage thru everything..Books are .25cents which is why I will go back.
4	This place was awesome then around 2006 - 2008 or so it turned into some Goodwill Express thing or something and it turned into complete crap where all the crap that wasn't sellable in other Goodwills would end up here. It essentially turned into a pick and pull junkyard just for a bunch of crap instead of car parts. It has since turned back to what it was and is back to being pretty awesome. The neat thing about Goodwill is that they get a lot of stuff donated to them from Target and sometimes they'll have some cool electronics that are still brand new but Target decided not to carry them anymore, got credit on them and just donated them to Goodwill. They also get a bunch of stuff that was returned to Target that they can't put back on the shelf donated to them as well. On occasions I've found stuff like perfectly fine Nintendo Wii controllers, Wii games, Xbox 360 controllers, memory cards, and the occasional game all opened but all working perfectly fine. All at priced that were close to at least half off of retail.    For me, what's awesome about this place is the random classic video game stuff I've found. I've found complete, boxed Nintendo NES systems, Genesis systems, Atari Systems, Sega Cd systems, I found a boxed Super Scope 6, a few Genesis arcade sticks, and a bunch of loose systems. What's funny is that every 3 years or so, you start to see a lot of newer systems show up in the stores. 8 years ago you would probably only find a Genesis, Snes or NES laying around. The 5 years ago you would find a bunch of N64s and Dreamcasts show up. Now I've been seeing Xboxes and PS2's showing up. Pretty much about 80% of my classic game collection came from this one store.      I also picked up an Altec Lansing speaker for my MP3 player. It was opened but I opened the box to check it out and it was still brand new inside. Everything was still wrapped in it's original plastic and the foam pieces were all still there. That thing retailed for $100 and I got it for $30.    It's a nifty place but it is a thrift store so it's messy and totally random with what you will find but it's fun like going through someones storage unit. What's even more fun sometimes is looking at what they're charging for some things. Sometimes you're essentially getting things for a steal and sometimes they think they have something worth a lot on they're hands and charge way more than anyone would pay for it.
