4	Beautiful old house that can be loud when it is full. Charming. Great location.The room is clean and big and sparse. The shower is open to the room in what would make a great closet if it were a personal home. Innkeeper is super sweet and knows the city, makes a great coffee and is very attentive.I would totally stay here again.
4	I LOVED the Casa. My husband and I stayed here on our honeymoon in September. Great location, beautiful house split into suites, delicious breakfast with some of the best coffee I've ever had. (Vegetarian Breakfast btw- in fact no meat at all is allowed into the house. So while you're welcome to use the kitchen, you have to respect the vegetarian rule)The hostesses are wonderful ladies, one lives on the site so there's almost always someone around, and they both gave us some great pointers on stuff to do and places to eatIt does get a bit loud when the palace is full- our room was right at the top of the stairs, so we knew when everyone came home at night, since there was some serious squeaking.
4	Stayed here for our honeymoon - we definitely chose the right place for us! A beautiful old home with gorgeous (if very squeaky) wood floors and great architectural detail, but with lots of white paint and minimalist furnishings to keep the feel modern. It reminded us of home since we live in New Orleans, yet felt just more luxurious.The Marie-Anne suite downstairs is particularly wonderful. We were lucky to receive an upgrade for our first 2 nights and stayed there before moving into the small upstairs room that we had booked (the St. Laurent) for the remainder of our stay. The claw foot tubs in both rooms were great for relaxing after long days exploring the city on foot!! Breakfast was a delight: fresh fruit & croissants, yogurt & granola, delicious juices, even eggs cooked perfectly to order. That definitely exceeded our expectations for what would be available in the mornings.. The location is another of Casa Bianca's best aspects. It faces the park of course, and then it's surrounded by streets full of interesting shops & restaurants, which makes for days full of fun walks and great shopping. We ended up having to buy a duffel bag for everything we picked up along the way, and we didn't come here to shop much! Public transit is pretty easy to deal with too, although it's on the high end at $3 a person (at least that includes a transfer or two). Sophie, the manager, is a great hostess and her assistants are very friendly as well. We got some great recommendations for nearby restaurants, jazz bars, etc. Check in here and let them take care of you!
