5	The goods.  The absolute, gyro goods.I needed a gyro.  I found this joint.  I got a gyro.  I am happy.Seriously, I don't know about anything else they serve, but the gyros are top tier.  Chicago worthy.  Chocked full of meat and sauce and onions and tomato.  The pita was even good.  Heck, the paper they wrapped it in even tasted good...I mean, uhm...Anyway, the service was good.  The inside is a joint.  The outside is a joint with joint-like parking.  Next to it is the 'licka' sto' so you can buy some Flamin' Hot chips to go with your gyro.  The only way to eat.The price is right, too.  My gyro was only $4.60, which is a whole dollar less than my usual gyro spot.  I saw a slider on the dollar menu (you don't usually see dollar menus in places like this) that I will have to partake of.  I would put my name on their gyros anytime, and I fully recommend this place for it.  If you've never been here before, keep an eye peeled for it or you'll pass it up.  Its on the corner of Osborn and 24th...next to the brake/tune up place.
5	Friendly people, great food, LARGE portions make for fine lunchtime eats.  Call ahead and see what the special of the day is.  Also, the gyro special (gyro, fries, drink) is usually $5.99--and it will fill you up.
3	I've been watching this place out of the corner of my eye since we moved to the neighborhood, and I finally stopped in yesterday to give it a try in my quest to sample all of the local fare around my house (for better or for worse...still haven't gotten up the courage to try Los Betos...). I made myself go to the gym beforehand to earn my treat, and all I could think about was curly slices of gyro meat with each lap in the pool. I expected it to be grimy and icky inside, but actually it was clean and the staff was very friendly and welcoming. I ordered the gyro with everything, and DH got the Philly cheese steak just the way he likes it, with meat/cheese/bread only. He said it was great; my gyro was solid. I couldn't help wondering while I was waiting what the heck they do with that glistening, homogeneously-speckled column of "meat" when they close down for the night...do they wrap it in tin foil and put it in the fridge? Is it so processed that it doesn't even need refrigeration? What IS it?Whatever, I like gyro meat. It's the Greeks' answer to the hot dog. It's the pita's Velveeta. You don't know what's in it, but you don't care because it's mmmmmmm tasty.
4	Couldn't muster the energy to make myself dinner, so I gyroed it up. The gyro is still very good (the pita bread is perfect), and I also got hummus and dolmas. The hummus is fine, but the dolmas were the sleeper hit of the evening. I've always been kind of iffy on dolmas and have only recently started trying them at different restaurants, and these ones are high on my list. They have a perfect leaf:rice ratio (I hate having too much gummy rice to knock back) and there was a very lively tang to the dressing. And kudos to Steve, the owner, for keeping up with the Yelp reviews. Good to know a business owner cares what his customers think.
5	I love hole in the wall places where food is good, owner who works the kitchen and they know what is good food. Olympic Gyros is one of those spots that i make sure to stop by once or twice every week for lunch. Few places where you can have a full meal for under $10. Tonight I was working late so went their during closing time and Steve the owner was cooking. He is a Chicago native who knows about food and we ended up talking a lot about food in phoenix, small business, what is good food etc etc.JayPS: They have also introduced chicken wings so try them.
2	Ok I'm Greek so I'm very picky about so called Greek food. Please tell me the owners are not really Greek. We ordered two Gyros, One souvlaki and one chicken souvlaki. The Gyro's were ok. Nothing special at all. The pork and chicken were pretty disgusting. I'd like to know when supposed Greek food started being spiced with curry. Both pork and chicken were dry. The tsaziki, which is so easy to make, didn't even taste like it was made with yogurt. We ordered the 4 meals but came home to find only 3 fries in our bags. Anyway, sorry but knowing what real gyro and souvlaki should taste like, I can't hardly bear to even give this place the two stars that I did.
2	The owner responded to this very quickly which is nice and shows he cares. He let me know he is not Greek but it just doesn't change my opinion of the food. Just wanted to let everyone know he did respond asking what he could do to make my experience better.
5	Olympic Gyros retains their 5 star rating, and I'd give them another star if I could.  Like many of you who have reviewed this place, I was contacted by the owner with a thank you and a little background.  That is key for me.  I love when owners care.  I was here not too long ago and got the Italian Beef.  Good.  I told the cook to make it sloppy.  He did so and made it juicy and drippy and soggy...the way I like it.Alas, this sandwich failed to take me back to Chicago.  BUT...it is still an awesome sandwich.  It just doesn't have the taste I remember from my childhood, which was from a long forgotten hole in the wall that probably isn't there anymore.  Whenever I hear of Italian Beef, I can almost taste that place from back in Chicago's offering.  I was little when I had it, and my uncle's girlfriend gave it to me.  To a little kid, getting something so tasty from such a pretty lady...that sticks in your memory banks.  I have only had one sandwich take me back there.  Olympic Gyros' is still great, though.  I'm just over nostalgic.  I see a review that states this isn't Greek food done well.  I cannot say, because I am ignorant to true Greek cuisine... something I hope to remedy before my days are over.  But this IS Chicago food done well.  This IS greasy spoon done well.  I believe that is what the owner is shooting for.WHOAWHOAWHOA!!!  Hold up!  How could I forget to talk about the WINGS?!?!Yes, they have wings now.  I love that they promoted this event.  Awesome specials on the wings going on now.  I think they even gave some away at the very beginning.  Anyway, I got a dozen and a half for under $6.  Yes that's right.  I got naked wings and then a dozen hot.  The hot wings are what you want when you go to get wings.  Not gourmet.  Not high class.  But friggin' good and cheap.  These are the kind of wings that you run and get at like 11 at night when you're playing Spades and need something GOOD.  These are not frilly, froo froo wings.  Just wings.They will sell many of these.  Because I believe this owner will not rest until he does.  They seemed very excited about the wings' debut, which excited me.  I wish them the best.  They'll definitely continue to get my business.
5	In my last update, I stated that the Italian Beef didn't quite do it for me.  I just had one today and it was completely awesome.  Totally soaked, and they gave me extra juice to boot.I've also had a pizza puff and a slider.  The pizza puff was dead on...its all the greasiness and crispiness and gooiness that I remember from the Chi.  The slider was tasty, but don't confuse this with any White Castle offerings.  Both of these are cheap and worth tacking onto any order.What can I say?  I love this place.
4	Was in the mood for some Gyros and Yelp reminded me of this place just down the street. This place didn't disappoint! HUGE portions, delish food, (especially the pita), and super friendly people. Will definitely be going back :)
4	I live nearby  and have driven past this place many times. Today my wife called me and asked that I bring her lunch. Needless to say, we were not disappointed by these gyros. Savory meat piled high with the right amount of sauce atop a a fresh pita was a great lunch.
4	oh my, these are huge gyros.  somewhat scary looking at first.  not pressed in their cellar but good enough to find on a food cart in nyc.  simply can not beat the value if you are hungry for lunch.  they do need some greek coffee though.with all the i heart chicago wallpaper, you'd think they would have a plasma TV with my big fat greek wedding on repeat play,
5	Best gyros in Phoenix period. The hummus is really good, too.  I love greek food and these are the best gyros out here.  The pitas and the meat are the best I've tasted out here.  Some places give you the preccoked presliced no tasting meat, and others load their sandwiches with tons of lettuce and tomatoes with no meat.  This place piles on the meat.  Special note: If the wife makes your gyro be prepared for biggest meat gyro you've ever seen, but the husband makes a better gyro giving you a better balance of meat and toppings.  Unfortunately, I can't review the rest of their meals because I can't get past ordering the perfect gyro.  If it's not broke, don't fix it.
2	I think the owners changed..  The price is kind of high now and the gyro is not as good it seems.  Not enough sauce maybe?  The fries are ok, but the seasoning is not very even.  They have a frequent flyer's card - I think if you buy 10, you get 1 free.  Maybe I'll check in on them again because I think the husband and wife team was just starting out when I went.
1	Steve is a great guy but the gyros and fries fall short of OK let alone great.  First off the gyros always sliced so thin that it quickly burns and curls on spit when cut. That Would put you out of business in Chicago. Next the toppings are weak and need to be improved. The pita is ok but not worthy of my mouth or money. Now the fries, come on guys these fries are greasy and no flavor Steve turn the temp on the fryer to 350 and they will fry properly.  Stop giving us greasy fries they suck buddy.  Gyros needs to be flavorful and juicy you know that, but many places here have no idea how to make that happen.  I wish I could have a gyros like central gyros or costas gyros back home. Your sauce is good but that's just not enough to earn more stars.  I will submit this to the AZ papers as well maybe just selling the business would be best.  The gyros here should be free.  Come Steve better gyros for all is needed.  I mean dry and burnt just doesn't work man. I will be watching this place and informing others if things improve.  Peace.
5	Hands down the best Gyro in Phoenix. Customer service is always great and the people that own it are super nice. The meat is piled high and its nice and thick and a little crispy. Perfect! Only downside is parking is a little bit of a pain and the 7 pm closing time.
4	I loved coming to this place for lunch when I worked down town. The gyros were good. The best in town? I think not - I much prefer Papa's Gyros which are more flavorful. I love their fries though! The service is quick and friendly. Parking can be a pain though.
4	Awesome Gyros! Big portions. I definitely recommend Olympic if you like Gyros!
3	= = = = = = CLOSED = = = = = =This place has closed & a similar restaurant is now here in it's place.
4	This place has wonderful falafel sandwiches and they are always so nice. Definitely worth checking out.
5	Their cheese pizza is so good we order it every Friday night for dinner, and trust me, my husband is some kind of cheese pizza connoisseur.  I think he would live off of it if he could.  Anyway, rain or shine he's calling them to get 2 cheese pizzas every single weekend.  They are cheap (like $6), hot, cheesy, the good kind of melty, salty, heavenly mozzarella deliciousness that comes off in big gooey strings.  The sauce is flavorful and the crust is DELICIOUS.  I am not a huge fan or pizza and I even like their cheese pizza.   Yummy!
2	It's okay. But better gyros are down the street at Z's Greek.
