5	Dr. Bonsett-Veal is awesome!  Of the big three doctors (family doctor, dentist, eye doctor), I always hated the eye doctor the most.  Dr. Veal's chairside manner and general personality make him awesome though.  He's very enthusiastic about eyes and seems to really know what he's talking about.I was particularly impressed with his "scientific method" approach to some new contact lenses for me.  The first pair he gave me fitted great, but the prescription didn't seem quite right.  So, upon going back for my checkup, he gave me some more "is it better with this, or this" options and fine-tuned the prescription.  He gave me a new contact for the trouble eye and is having me try it out for another week before he writes the contact lens prescription.He has a fantastic selection of designer frames too!5 stars for Dr. Veal!
4	Dr. Bonsett-Veal was great!  I think he is very personal and related to me quickly.  He was my first eye-doctor visit ever and I felt great.  He also explained my options, like whether to get glasses or not for my slight vision correction, and an extra 'eye-mapping' test.  Which I got and he emailed to me so I have on my records!  I went sunglass shopping there because he recommended it, they were very helpful to help us look around, however the prices were higher than other places, and the cheap glasses didn't fit as well as we would've liked, besides that I thought it was perfect.
4	Dr Bonsett-Veal is incredibly quirky and funny! He is incredibly personable and explains everything in great detail. The office staff are friendly and helpful as well.
2	I had a pretty frustrating experience with the Bonsett-Veal office similar to Christopher H's review. I chose their business over others simply because of proximity to my house and I expected a quick and simple prescription renewal like I've had for years at my old optometrist's office. Their staff is friendly and Dr. Bonsett-Veal is nice enough but the "scientific method" that another reviewer refers to isn't conducive to easy, breezy prescription renewals.I've had a stable prescription for many years and have never run into an optometrist who had an issue finding the right glasses and contacts prescription. With my first appointment, I was given a both glasses and contact prescriptions that were considerably lower than I have had in the past but I trusted that they would work. It took multiple visits to the office to finally get comfortable contacts and a prescription close to what I've had. Weeks later, I had to return to their office after ordering glasses using the Bonsett-Veal prescription and it being just as awful as the contact prescriptions. During each appointment, I felt like the staff was rushing me and that no one really believed that the prescriptions weren't effective. I'm due for my yearly appointment with them but I definitely won't be returning because of how much of a hassle it turned out to be.
4	I have gone to Dr. Bonsett-Veal for over 4 years. I have found his prices to higher than other eye specialists. I feel that he is an excellent doctor and I don't mind paying for that. However, his frames and lenses are higher than most other places. My prescription for glasses purchased from him cost over $500. I wanted sunglasses. I went to a local shop, I was able to get the sunglasses and frames for $245.75. I am on a fixed income so this was a great help to my purse. I have found his staff to be personable. The office has the latest equipment for diagnosis of the eyes.
