5	With $1.00, I can either get 4 gum balls from the gum ball machine at the mall, or choose an item from the plethora found on Wendy's value menu.  I rarely choose the gum balls.  I give Wendy's 5 stars because in my opinion it is everything you could ask for in a fast food joint: Value, friendliness, and most importantly, speed.  I like to play a game called 'How many seconds from the time I finish placing my order until the time I have my order in hand and am driving away?'.  Today it was 24 seconds - now that's fast food!  They are so quick when taking the order, charging at the first window, and delivering your food to you at the second.  And that was around the time of the lunch hour rush.  My favorite game, however, is called 'Don't come to a complete stop when picking up my food'.  Since they usually have my order hanging out the window before I even get there, I can just roll right through, grab my food while still in motion, and be on my way (With a "Thank you" of course).  This location usually has hot girls working there too.  Did I mention that the girls at both windows said "have a good day!"?.  Well now I did.  In fact, the second one even asked me how I was doing, and while I know their bosses tell them to say those things, my friends at Wendy's almost always sound more genuine than at other places. Many times I get the mandarin chicken salad, which is amazing, but today I got a jr bacon cheeseburger, a crispy chicken sandwich, and a frosty.   I never expect gourmet from Wendy's, especially from the dollar menu, but it's good food and definitely worth it, especially the decadent frosty.  The only complaint I would have is that the first-window girl was not hot like the second-window girl.
2	Ew.Wendy's used to be my favorite fast food restaurant.  WTF happened to their hamburgers?  They taste like beef-flavored mud with condiments now.  Their fries are terrible too as of late.What's not terrible is their service.  This is the fastest service and delivery of food that I have ever seen from a fast food joint.  Five stars for service.  Unfortunately, I cannot rate by service alone.  Yuk.
2	Well the new pretzel burger is decent. Service was ok-you can only get so much enthusiasm out of minimal wage workers, lol. Food wise, everything is way to salty for me. Its like licking a salt lick, I know the cows back home would love the extra flavor of this place! Fries where way to salty for me & you can taste it in the burger. Its been a decade since I visited a Wendy's & if my Bf doesn't sucker me into another trip I'm sure I can go another decade & not bat an eye.
5	Drive thru was fast, big order was correct, food was fresh and the guy, Dionte is probably the hottest fast food worker I've ever encountered.  He might just be the reason why Wendy's will continue gaining my business.  Lol
