1	I guess I should have known a new location wasn't gonna change anything.I had even been warned by my fellow co-workers that had already eaten here...BUTI had to try it myself...it's BBQ and it's in my office building..there such huge potential upside.They told me it was small,pricy and just OK.Well I stopped in after work This place is attached to the Sand Dollar Lounge a blues bar next door, so Harry's has no restrooms but for some reason it still has the smell.I still stayed and I got the Beef Brisket with 2 sides for $10.95 and 2 catfish tacos for $5.95I was the only customer but they were making it fresh so it was gonna be 15 minutes.I wandered around and checked out the small dine-in area they had a jukebox and vinyl records & autographed photos of soul legends everywhere.The waitress was real friendly when she had to break it to us they were out of cilantro & onion for the tacos so they would be dry as a bone. no tartar or lemon offered, just some sour-looking  salsa.The beef brisket was actually as little as a school lunch sandwich with a ice cream scoop of mac n cheese on the side and 5 hushpuppies.The mac n cheese looked strange from the go, but after tasting it I had to spit it out. Dry, gritty like sand and where is the cheese?? Stay away from the mac!! You have been warned.The brisket was more like pot roast smothered in super sweet and watery sauce. Not my kind of BBQ.The hushpuppies were good-crispy but soft and flavorful in the milddle.The catfish was dirty tasting and kinda rubbery. I didn't eat them all & I wouldn't try them again. I hate dirt tasting fish.I should have listened....pricy($28.95 full rack ribs),small portions and nothing special about it BBQ.
1	Why you ask? After all I gave it 1 star last time around. As I mentioned before it is the ONLY eatery in walking distance from the business park I work in. So reluctantly I entered through their doors again. First thing I noticed upon entering was the wall sized paper menu with black magic marker drawn through half of the menu items. Looks like the nixed all the appetizers,salads,hamburgers,catfish tacos and OKRA. Raised Sweet Potato Pie to $3.95/slice. Well the only things you can get on the NEW menu for under $5 is Seasoned Fries for $3.95 or Hot Link Samich w/side of potato chips or potato salad. I went for the later-BBQ Hot Link Samich w/potato salad.$3.95-Not bad. I was completely suprised to see a poppy seed HAMBURGER bun when I opened my to-go container since I had ordered a link. They slice the link into pepperoni thin slices and smother it in super spicy but bland bbq sauce and a doughy bun. WTF!! :( I had faith that by ordering a link I was playing it safe, I mean how the F*#% can you screw up a HOT LINK Samich. Harry O's has figured it out. Slice it to shit,smother it and pretend it's bbq. Bad location, competing with super popular Polaris Street Cafe and the taco truck in the neighborhood. Food is way overpriced takes way too long -I mean Famous Dave's has a full rack rib meal for $20. Here they want $30 and I never smelled any smoke in this place. What gives?!? Definitely not worth the money or the wait. 1/2 star for giving it a go.
1	Harry O is charming, but terribly terribly misguided.  His bbq is not only NOT the best BBQ in the whole f''ing world, it's up there, in my book, as one of the worst.  Chicken had to be days old -- it fought with me as I tried to eat it...it was that tough.  A spicy link was sliced so thin and so dried out, I could have used em as pennies in a slot machine...the rib was edible, not great, but edible.  The mac & cheese was odd in a boxed kind of way with added cheese -- and the slaw was just an embarrassment, not even slaw, but shredded old cabbage with something wet on it...  No one other than my co-worker and I ate there during the hour we were there.  He had a pathetic excuse for a pulled pork sammich and hushpuppies ("that take 15 minutes to make...") puhleeeese... with bbq beans from a can.And if you're interested, he does serve "desert" on his menu.  I wasn't interested in sand that day...and since lunch was so unimpressive, I thought why add insult to injury...I hope his catering business is better (he claimed to do whole hog, etc...), because the food he's servin' up at this empty, dirty, tired, junk filled, embarrassment of a restaurant isn't acceptable to this Southern bbq aficionado, nor to anyone she knows...  Sorry Harry...p.s.  You do have a sweet jukebox though.  Perfect bbq eatin' tunes -- too bad it wasn't on the whole time we were there, if only to fill that sad empty space...and muffle the sound of me trying to eat chicken jerky.pps.  For 2, it was, and I'm not joking, $35.
5	Harry O's new location on Las Vegas Blvd & Oakey.  We drove by several times and finally decided to give it a try. We ordered almost everything and everything was delicious! I had Catfish with mac & cheese and greens - AMAZING! My boyfriend had ribs (falling off the bone and so flavorful, no sauce necessary!), Potatoe Salad and BBQ Beans (all perfectly tasty!). We also got Rib Tips (not to be missed!), Cornbread (moist & cakey-good!) and Fried Okra. We ate as much as we could and still had left overs! All this for under $40. GREAT BBQ AT A GREAT PRICE AND GREAT MUSIC! If you are on the Strip...GO!
