5	Great beef fried rice at a good price.
4	I really only get the fried rice togo here, and I'm always searching for good house special FR. Its a full meal in itself. Anyway its pretty good here, lots of meat and veggies, rice is tender and you get a couple or stuffed wontons for free with the order....those are good too. They don't deliver but usually have preorders hot and ready for you. Good place with a wide selection and a picture menu on the counter just in case....
1	One of the bottom 3 restaurants in my entire life.1) The place is filthy. Floor had food on it, table was sticky.2) The girl at the counter was rude.3) I ordered Kung Pao Chicken. It had no pepper and no peanuts and was EXACTLY the same plate as my friend that ordered Teriyaki chicken. It was neither Kung Pao OR Teriyaki.4) We asked what was up with the order, they said they were out of peanuts, peppers and teriyaki sauce.5) We asked for our money back and they refused to refund money even though we did not get what we ordered and did not eat what they gave us.6) I happened to notice that you also have to pay full price for refills, even tea.This was over a year ago, but I forgot to rate it then....Horrible horrible establishment.If you want dirty rude atmosphere with low end food that you did not order, go here for sure.
4	I love this place. They have the best egg rolls and sesame seed chicken ever! I have looked and tried many other restaurants and no one makes their sesame seed like them.  Their egg rolls are awesome, very plump and very cheap! Their house special rice is also great, it has chicken, beef, pork and shrimp in it.  I have been going here for years and was always sad when I moved away. Only thing I wish is their prices were not that much, they have gone up in price but its worth it if you are craving something in particular. I recommend trying the sesame chicken and the house special rice.  They also have a drive thru so if you don't mind waiting in your car, I say go check it out!
5	Excellent food, great prices. Definitely check it out.
3	I was starving and decided to give this place a try as it was on my way home from work.  When I called in a pick up order I was disappointed that they didn't have tofu.  I ordered veggies.  I had no idea what I would get when I arrived to pick up but was craving Chinese so I was taking a chance.  The lady that took my order and rang me up was friendly enough.  The place was clean enough (with multiple fish tanks around).  The food was super hot.  Rice was good and the cream cheese wontons that I got were DELICIOUS.  The veggies were mostly broccoli, carrots and bean sprouts.  They were really overcooked in a white sauce.  I ate them and my kids really liked it but I'm not sure I would bother to order them again.
1	Hunger struck and Happy Food was nearby.  The place was clean with a number of useless aquaria, meaning that they were not attractive, not kept properly and scum had accumulated on the glass.  The purpose of an aquarium is to bring some beauty to the surroundings.  This was not the case but the least of this restaurant's problems.  The pricing was rather inexpensive and was surprised that the lunch combinations included 3 choices plus fried rice for 5.89.  Crazy, right?  I ordered the pork chow mein, vegetable egg foo yung & an egg roll as my choices to be accompanied with fried rice.  My eating partner just had an egg drop soup.  It took a while for the orders to come so I took that as a sign that everything was freshly prepared.  The orders came in styrofoam containers.  My pork chow mein was a 2 on a scale of 5, the vegetarian egg foo yung came as a hockey puck so I would say it is also a 2, the egg roll was small (that's Ok) with veggies.  It was not over fried.  The fried rice that came with the dish was inedible---hard grains of rice stuck together.  You had to put a fork in it to dislodge the grains.  I did not eat it.  I ate what I could of the combination keeping in mind that I had only paid $5.89 for it.  The egg drop soup looked gelatinous--full of corn starch, but the person eating it said it was not bad. Does that also mean not good?  The woman who took our order and our payment never came by to ask how the food was which to me is an indicator that a restauranteur takes his/her  business seriously.  You certainly want customer feedback.  I would not have been cruel but instead made constructive suggestions.  I still don't understand why they give a choice of 3 items for the combos.  That is taxing on the cook--making 3 dishes for each lunch ordered UNLESS, UNLESS... it is all pre-prepared and all he is doing is re-heating it on the wok.  Just thinking.... Anyway, this is NOT a place where I will ever be seen again.  I usually give restaurants a second go round, but I cannot do it here.  The food is just too sub-par. Frankly, I don't know how they stay in business.   If this restaurant had been really good, I would have driven from home (13 miles away) to eat here--that's how loyal I am to a good restaurant.  Stay away folks.... there is nothing here that you want.
3	I had the chicken noodle soup plate during lunch. It came with a side of crab rangoons in a sweet and sour sauce.  It was good. Nothing great, but good. The prices here are cheap! Lunch Rice bowls from 4.19 to 5.19. Most expensive item on menu is 8.59, whiich are shrimp meals.The place overall is clean. Simply decorated. Booths and the sound of fish tanks circulating water and classical music. Plates are Styrofoam and plastic ware. Menu displayed in word and in pictures. Easy to follow.The only thing that really put me off is the tray where my food was served... it was sticky. =S it kind of makes me question the cleanliness of the kitchen.
1	Ordered 2 Chicken Dishes. They both tasted like they were cooked in old/burnt oil.Could not eat anything that I ordered.Additionally, I did not like the fact that inside there as a dirty fish aquarium with a fish that was 1/3 the size of the tank. Cruel. Not Recommended!
