2	The service there is just ok.  I've been with my physician for two years- really for just three appointments and the first two visits, I had a wait time of at least 1 hour each.  For the third and last of my appointments, I called in about 15 minutes before my appointment and asked it there was a wait- the operator told me that she's not allowed to tell if there was a wait- that I'm required to be signed in "no later than 15 minutes past my scheduled time".  I explained that I live across the street and that I can be there in 5 minutes- that I just didn't want to have to wait another hour.  She said nope "not with company policy".  Well, that last time I waited- for only 30 minutes- which is ok, I guess.  Is this how all physicians are in Las Vegas?
5	OK Ladies you can thank me later! Need a fantastic, awesome, friendly, knowledgeable, sweet, respectful, reliable, and funny OBGYN with the best personality on earth? Dr. Sheila Tack! OBGYN Of course us ladies must have our check ups through out the year aside from Maternity needs. I would not want or trust any Doctor other than her with my yearly Well Woman's exam and routine maintenance needs in between. She rocks! Plain and simple, hook yourself up with a great Doctor! I refer her to everyone including my baby sister! Thank you Dr. Tack for being so awesome! She has two locations, Spring Valley (SW) and also an office near Town Center. I wish I had more reasons to see her through out the year...well maybe not! lol Also a shout out to her Assistant Natasha! Love ya girl!She truly is Awesome! Dr. Sheila Tack! OBGYN
5	Okay Ladies, Ths month is breast cancer awareness month and no other provider in the valley offers HALO screening except WSC. For those that aren't aware of this technology, it basically detects breast disease at the molecular level, far earlier than a mamogram. Do be a squeeky wheel and demand the right to this screening. Know  that many plans and doctors will discourage you because Halo is more money. Push back and do you darned'est to advocate and get that Halo appointment!
2	I wasn't very impressed with my service when I was there. I didn't wait long to get in but I didn't feel the nurse did a through check when I went in for my yearly. To get a doctor I would have had to wait over a month so I took the first available. She wasn't a doctor so I am not sure if that makes a difference but I didn't find her friendly or helpful and she took less than 3 min in total with me. I felt she was rushed and I have had much better experiences with other Obgyn's in the valley.  I wouldn't recommend this facility.
4	The address on here is wrong. They are now in building 5320 on the first floor. Expect to wait a very long time, but the doctor and staff are all very nice. And honestly I've never been to a gyno who I didn't have to wait an hour to see. So I took one star off for the wait time.
3	Typical crowded waiting room where they pack it full and take your blood pressure about an hour after your appointment and make you wait for hours for probably a 10 minute window with the doctor.Was here for my wife's OB appointment and I have to say that the wait is an epic suck.  Nice chairs, but with the amount of sick kids running around which I assume is because moms were in there for their OB appointments, it was a festering sick cluster if you know what I mean.Strangely enough, perhaps the niceness of the waiting room is inversely proportional to the wait time.  At Duke Hospital, it was something like a 1.5 hour wait after your appointment time but it was.... NICE.  But I digress.Once inside, they take you through what is a pretty typical clinic setting.  I will say that Dr. Brill, the nurses, and staff were all pretty nice and it didn't feel like rushed service once you got in.  But it was the "getting in" part that you'll have to suffer through.If women have to do this a lot, I feel for them.  Men that would have to go to these types of appointments probably would have went crazy by now.
4	I read about Dr Kneesel on Yelp and I want to recommend her! I guess it depends maybe on the day of your appointment or maybe the hour? I got in maybe 20 mins after my scheduled appt, so the wait wasnt that bad...If you have insurance this is a great place. If you don't...ouch. In any case, if you aren't sure which doc to make an appointment with, try Dr Kneesel - she's was very kind, explained the procedure thoroughly, made a few jokes to lighten the mood etc. I've only been to her once, but she seems like a good fit for me for many years to come!
1	RUN don't walk outa here. They treat you like cattle. If you plan on having a baby find another DR this place is not about being caring, it is all about money. The front staff loud and rude. Will shout your problems from roof top!DR Farmer delivered my daughter, she was on call. It was the worst delivery possible. I was not able to get any drugs or epidural. I had third degree tears. After the birth she would not give me and pain medication to numbe the area when she was sewing me up. I was screaming the nursed apologizing. I should have sued. When she was done she walked out with out a word. The same way she came in. Like she was upset to be there. I hate her. She is terrifying horrible person.
4	Ugh.  It was time for the annual invasion known as going to see the GYN peeps.  I've been a patient at WSC for at least seven years and usually see Dr. Volker, but he didn't have any appointments available until July.  I was okay with being seen by a nurse practitioner, so I accepted an appointment with Sheila Tack at this location.  WSC has a few offices around the valley, but it was my first time at the Spring Valley office.  I walked into a packed waiting room,  which is typical for an OB/GYN office; I was prepared to be there for at least an hour and a half.  I signed in for my appointment 20 minutes early and sat in one of the comfy chairs and settled in.  I was given some paperwork to fill out a few minutes later and having completed that, I sat down and was engrossed in reading my friends' Yelp check-ins when I heard my name called.  What?  I even looked around before I got up to make sure there wasn't another Theresa there (yes, that's my name)--I was called in at 10:20am, my actual appointment time.  I got weighed, had blood pressure taken, and then donned the fashionable exam gown with the opening in the front, of course.  And then...I waited for about twenty minutes in the exam room.  At least in there you can lie down on the exam table and chill out.  Sheila came in to do the exam and she had company:  a male medical student.  Oh joy.  Whatever--these students have to learn somehow.  I just tried to ignore him.  Ms. Tack was very professional and personable.  She didn't rush through the exam and answered the questions that I had thoroughly.  Of course, the whole thing probably took less than ten minutes.  I'm happy to say that this session with the lady doctor, er, nurse practitioner was done in an hour from the time I checked in and I don't have to do it again until 2014.  The End.
2	Women's Specialty Care is like a restaurant where the food is great, but the hostess is rude, the waitstaff ignores you, and you're seated next to the bathroom.  Good news first: Sheila Tack is awesome -- about the only practitioner ever who has a sense of humor, who's clearly intelligent and compassionate, and who doesn't treat patients like overgrown (and slightly stupid) little girls.  When you're talking to Sheila, you get the feeling that, well, you're talking to someone who respects you.  She's straightforward and clear and gentle, and I only wish they could clone her.Now on to the bad.  Calling them is a pain -- you have to listen to their whole phone tree before you hear a person (hint: Press one for English and then jump right to #7).  The people on the phone are nice enough, but they often have a hard time comprehending what you're saying, especially if you're asking about medication.  It's no fun to have to repeat something (literally) four times and not have much confidence that the well-intended phone person understood you or will relay the message correctly.The front desk staff is just plain rude.  When you get the feeling that your icky little gyno problems are really a big interruption in their day -- what with your paperwork and all -- that's a problem.  There's a real disregard for patients and their privacy.  Specifically, when I was done filling out the paperwork, I came up to the front desk.  The front desk person, seeing me, got up and went to chitchat with two other people.  I showed her the clipboard to indicate I was done.  She didn't acknowledge me and went on chatting.  I put the clipboard on the counter, not feeling happy about my personal information -- address, problem I was seeing them about, you know -- being just out on display on the counter.  She walked away, leaving it there.  When a new patient walked in, I finally just took the clipboard with my paperwork and had to put it on the lower level of her desk.  Next,, the red tape and inefficiency are outrageous.  I wanted to be equipped with a birth control device.  Sheila Tack indicated that we'd need approval from my insurance, but said they'd get that, order the gizmo, and be ready to go in about 3-5 days.  Coolz.  Okay, so when over a week had passed and I still hadn't heard from them, I called.  The phone person said they'd make sure to leave a message.  It wasn't returned.  I called back a day or so later.  Finally, the phone message was returned: they said they'd put in the request for authorization.  (Really?  Only just NOW?)  When I called my health insurance to find out what I could do to move this process along, I was told they didn't even need to get authorization -- it was preauthorized.  When I called Women's Specialty Care to find out what the heck was going on, I was told what amounts to a complicated labyrinth of "X has to approve Y, but if it's Q, then you'll have to order the device and then have it sent to us..." blahdiddy blah.  Seriously?  The issue is that Women's is not a "buy and bill" organization: that is, they do not stock any birth control in their offices -- it all has to be special-ordered, and that adds an extra layer of time and telephone calls and special-ordering that *you, the patient* will have to deal with...when or if they get around to ordering the medication or gizmo you happen to need.  I am sure that if I hadn't made several calls to make sure the staff was doing their job, I'd still be twiddling my thumbs, wondering when my birth control was going to come in.  Did I mention that it is very, very hard to get a timely appointment?  I love Sheila Tack and I understand she is only one (terrific) person...but the next appointment I can get to install the aforementioned birth control gizmo is TEN DAYS AWAY.  That's in addition to the two weeks or so that I've waited already for them to pick up the phone and get the authorization they didn't need anyway from my insurance company.In short, I'm looking for another provider.
5	very kind and always helpful. they have even gotten me in for a same day appointment
5	I was a patient at a different Women's Specialty Care office (eastern) and hated it but was too lazy to change. I moved to this side of town and decided to try this office when it was time for the dreaded annual. WOW! What a difference! 2:50 appointment, in at 2:55, out at 3:18. Met with Sheila Tack who is professional, friendly, and efficient. Definitely do not need to look for a new doctor now!
5	I highly recommend Dr. Brill. He is a wonderful doctor/surgeon.  He has delivered two of my three children and I'm going to schedule my son's circumcision with Dr. Brill aswell. :)
2	It was overly crowded in the waiting area, I feel that its odd that there was no receptionist to greet me . Sign your name on list and they come from time to time to check up on it .  I arrived 10 min early to my appointment at 11 an I did not get called into the office till 11:45 . When I got called back she took my weight and blood pressure  and sent me back into the waiting area. 15 min later I was sent into the room then waited again to see my doctor. My doctor is sheila she really nice and helpful she turned around my irritation and annoyance that I was feeling already . As soon as the appointment was over I was changing and the  nurse came in to rush me out . Made me feel really uncomfortable . Then i proceeded to check out  that was also a long wait! The checkout receptionist was actually really nice and curious I appreciated she was smiling . When I looked at the clock i left at 1245. I was just their for a 5 min checkup, that took  almost 2 hours.  I was prescribed medicine I called to get it refiled when I called the office I was given an attitude for not knowing the name of myMedicine from a some receptionist.. I am going back for a follow up thats it I am in need of a new office.
5	Great doctors office.. No complaints every time I come  Im seeing Dr King..  And he's a great doctor
1	My first impression was not a good one. I walked in 30 min early, as requested, for paperwork. I signed in and was not acknowledged for about 10 minutes. Finally, I was called back up and given paperwork. The office was too hot and too packed. I think there are 5 providers but for every 1 person called back a half dozen came in and a high number of them were in house slippers. I think they also used the waiting room as daycare because there were a lot of children and noise.I saw Dr. Brill and was not impressed with his bedside manner or the dismissive tone he answered my questions. I do not feel that I was given any sort of consideration or reassurance. I was sent for an ultrasound at a different office and it was just as bad as the first. This office even had a receptionist who's bum was showing, in her scrubs. I watched a back office person reprimand a front office person and was asked to stand and wait while they "caught up". The amount of unprofessionalism was beyond comprehension. The last straw was the food on the floor in the ultrasound room. I will never set foot in these clinics again and I feel bad for any woman who thinks this is a normal office.** Update: I was just informed that I had been sent to collections for a lab bill from Dr. Brill's office. I had received no notification that I had an outstanding balance by mail or phone. Very annoyed.
5	I love this place I went here when I was pregnant last year and they were always sweet and helpful of course there is a bit of a wait that's because they are great doctors and everybody goes there. Unlike other people I like the fact that I can take my kids there and not feel like I have to keep them super quiet it's a kid friendly place nice clean office and I love DR GARG. Great doc I'm pregnant and I will be heading right back to dr garg at women's specialty care
2	Had 2 appointments at this location so far.  Both times the waiting area is packed like sardines and pregnant patients were standing against the walls and outside the door because the waiting room was so full.  The wait has always been long.  I've seen women get called up & leave their kids to take up 2 or 3 chairs while they were being seen by the doctor.  As for the reception desk, no one greets you, you just sign your name in & sit down, but there is a younger girl that works the front that has always been polite when I've had to talk to someone.Upon meeting my doctor (Kneesel) for the first time, she was very rushed.  As soon as she came in the room she told me to prep for a pap.  As soon as she was done with the swab, she was already saying her goodbye speech, when the results will come in & when my next appointment will be, etc.  I told her I had questions to ask her since I had just met her.  She said, "Let's run through them quickly" with a look of dismay on her face.  I'll never forget that.  Excuse me for wanting to get to know you, on our first meeting, as my doctor for my pregnancy and waiting 1 hour in that waiting room to ask you questions about your practice.  Someone knocked on the door and told her she had a phone call, then she cut me off and told me to come back with the rest of my questions at my next visit (next month).  I take this as a sign to look for another provider while there's still time.
4	Here are some of the experiences with woman's specialty and you can be the judge.I saw Dr. King throughout my entire pregnancy and he was nice and answered most of questions. He has a good sense of humor. There were times where he'd get really busy and be in and out. I feel like he was overbooked a lot of my visits.There were a couple times where I saw Dr. Brill since Dr. King went on vacation and he was very informative, experienced, and nice as well. They were nice enough to reschedule me when Dr. Brill seem overbooked. This helped make my wait time seem reasonable for him.When it came down to my labor and delivery I was not informed or told that I could be a possible VBAC candidate. I was told I would require a repeat csection due to my first born being a csection.The day I went into labor I had no prior signs as my doctor never check me. I went in and Dr. Kneesel was on duty and she then told me I would make a great candidate for a VBAC which again I had not been informed or given the option for prior to going into labor. I am so overjoyed that I was able to give birth vaginally because it was something I always wished I was able to experience and I did with this pregnancy.The only real negative I have is the wait time is forever even if you are early. Plan on a 1-3 hour(s) wait time. The wait time is worth it if you're waiting for the right doctor.Overall, I liked woman's specialty care and would recommend but please always ask questions on the possibilities for your pregnancy and what you can have as I would hate for someone to have miss an opportunity like I almost did.
1	If you have PCOS please DO NOT GO HERE! I had Dr. Kneesel and my first appointment went as normal. Months later after I got married my husband and I wanted to start a family. Six months later I was still having trouble trying to conceive. I researched on my own and learned about PCOS. I went back to my doctor and let her know what was going on and to test for PCOS. After an ultrasound and blood test it was confirmed and she placed me on Metformin. She asked for me to make an appointment 3 months later to check up on me. I did as she asked and when I went in for the appointment she blasted me saying that Metformin isn't a miracle pill and that I was wasting her time. (Sorry but YOU were the one who asked ME to make this appointment!) She then went on to say that she was FARRRRR too busy to deal with someone like me because she had WAYYYY too many patients already. Needless to say I never returned because of her extreme unprofessional demeanor. AVOID AVOID AVOID!!!! They're probably too busy to see you anyway.
2	I wouldn't recommend this place for first time mothers like myself... If I would've known you can't switch doctors after 34 weeks pregnant I would've switched doctors a LONG time ago.. I'm almost due & my doctor is Dr.Brill, he isn't personal what so ever & doesn't try to create any type of relationship with you which really sucks because since this is my first baby I should atleast have a relationship with my doctor... He's very dismissive & EVERY single time I go for an appointment he takes a very long time to come to my room & he's so quick to get out of the room once I finally see him. He doesn't really tell me much... I learn more off my baby app than I do when I go to his office.
1	can't ever get a call back from anyone. Had a biopsy, no results would be given, tried to get a nurse or anyone to call back with results. No call back for 4 days. Called to try to make an appointment for another biopsy that doc ordered. No call back. Sorry customer service, sorry patient care. I do like my doctor considering leaving because of office response staff.
1	First off let me start off by saying, I LOVE DR. IVIE! As far as their office staff and office manager, I only give them one star.  This will be the THIRD, YES THIRD, time this has happened to me. I schedule my appointment over a month in advance, drive all the way to the appointment, wait, wait wait, then come to find out... MY APPOINTMENT HAS BEEN CANCELLED!!! No one ever called me to reschedule to let me know the appointment was cancelled. I have left several messages for this office manager to call me back and she never returned my messages, phone calls, or emails! If it wasn't for Dr. Ivie, I would definitely be looking for a new doctor.
1	I am sorely disappointed   in the staff and the accommodations for clients. I schedule my exam for 1030, arrived 15 min early for paperwork an did not get taken into a room for even preliminary vitals until 90 minutes after my appointment. 2 hours later I vow I will never return. All I need is birth control as these people cannot even handle that. I  a doctor myself and would never treat my clients this way. And I have no decent colleagues that would!!!!
1	I moved to Las Vegas from Sarasota Florida last year and was referred to Dr Ivey by a fellow physician for my annual pap. To book my appointment as a new patient, I had to wait for 8 weeks before I could be seen. My appointment time was set for 10:30 AM on 7/08/2014. When I arrived I was appalled to find 42 other patients waiting to be seen, 6 of whom were SLEEPING they had been waiting for so long. I completed my paperwork and then waited for another 90 min past my appointment time before going to the front desk. Once there I was told that this waiting time is fairly typical and that there were still 2 patients ahead of me, and that the entire clinic only had two rooms in which to see patients in. What?!! Is this the last pit stop for every vagina in Las Vegas or what? How completely disrespectful of other people's time. Seeing the waiting room gives preference to the county health department. I highly doubt the quality of care I would have received when the practice seemingly only cares about churning vaginas rather than caring for people. I'd like to think that this note of mine will make some kind of difference in how things are run there, but I seriously doubt it. I have already notified my personal doctor to think twice before referring anyone else to this practice and I intend on posting this to other sites to warn others. It's shameful to think that my experience is typical and one that will have no impact on the future of the healthcare that office provides.
