4	If you're gluten-free, Sprouts is a miracle. They label all their gluten free products right on the shelf price tag in big huge letters: "GLUTEN FREE!" You can't miss it. No fumbling through huge product packets while trying to search out the products in the store. It makes shopping for wheat allergies a million times easier. They carry many of the same products as Whole Foods but for MUCH cheaper.Some notables: they have cheap bulk spices, a wide array of natural beauty products, a large selection of vitamins, organic beef, wheat-free bread and baked goods (from Gluten-Free Creations bakery in Phoenix), and hmmm...what else? The organic produce isn't too great though. It's cheaper to go to one of the local farmer's markets instead, and better quality too. Their non-organic produce isn't all that fantastic either, although it's better than your average grocery chain. I'd just rather pick up produce from local vendors when possible, so I'm somewhat biased.
2	I've bought ground beef from this Sprouts 3 times that has spoiled before the sell-by date!!!!!!!!!! The first 3 times I figured were flukes. The 4th time I bought their organic ground beef instead thinking it was their regular ground beef that was bad and it STILL SPOILED 2 DAYS BEFORE THE SELL BY DATE! It turned brown and smelled sour!They accommodated me by refunding my money the first 3 times but it always was with an air of suspicion as the manager inspected the meat and always checked the receipt. I couldn't get the fourth pack of meat back to the store by the sell by date and didn't want to go through another round of questioning. Instead I just decided I will NEVER buy beef from Sprouts again!At Trader Joe's they don't care about refunds and they sure as hell don't care if you have your receipt. They'll always refund your money with no questions or suspicious looks. Needless to say, I won't be buying meat from Sprouts EVER AGAIN!**The only reason they get 2 stars is because I have to shop here for gluten free products because there's no Whole Foods east of Tempe...grrr**
5	I'm surprised to read the bad review about Sprouts. Honestly, I haven't bought a lot of their meat because I come for other things, but its never been a problem for me. I didn't know this before I went to this Sprouts, but I LOVE pink lady apples. They are also usually on sale too, which makes me happy (and even when they're not, they're cheaper than other places). Other things that make me love Sprouts: their corn muffins are delish, they have a regular bulk section, but they also have a bulk spice section. Who wants to pay friggin $3 for a tiny jar of spice, when you need a tablespoon for a recipe you're trying out? I assume they also have a good deli because I see people getting the lunch special here, but I've never tried it.
1	Three words:  Fuck this place.  If it wasn't for the fact they carry gluten-free/dairy-free coconut milk Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough ice cream, Tamari Wheat-Free Soy Sauce, Hemp Milk, Boston  Baked Beans, Brown rice in bulk, Blueberry gluten-free waffles, and a variety of bulk spices and flours, I would never shop here.  With the exception of the checkout clerks, the rest of the staff is not only completely worthless, they are, for the most part, grumpy ass holes.  ESPECIALLY the managers.I tried doing a special order one time to purchase a case of large bottles of Tamari soy sauce.  Haha, oh what a fail.  They never called me, like they said they would when it arrived, so I finally called to inquire.  "We've got it in", the manager said, "come on down.".  Sweet.  I get in my car, drive down there and what do you know, they don't have it.  Wtf?  The guy looked everywhere and 35mins later, we agreed it was lost and I ordered another case.  Well, 2 weeks later, again, no phone call on their part, I called and they said it was in.  When I got there I asked to open the box to check my order, and what do you know, they ordered the wrong product.  They ordered the low-sodium (which needs to be cooled) instead of the regular.  Fuck it, I took it anyway.We have had to return four (4) packages of beef that went sour before the sell-by date.  FOUR!  Each time greeted by an unapologetic, seemingly annoyed manager.  We were never offered anything in exchange for our troubles.  The third time I told the guy that not only was he going to refund my $$, he would also be comping my package of fresh beef, which he did, but after a bit of an argument.A few days ago I was in the store and asked the manager if he had any chocolate syrup other than "Fat-free / Sugar-free" syrup (loaded with Splenda!) and he sort of chuckled and said, "No, we're a health-food store", like a pompous cock.  I said to him, "well, real sugar is certainly better for you than fake chemical sweeter" to which he again chuckled and said, "whatever, I'll make sure to let our people know" in an extremely condescending manner.  I just laughed.  First, this guy can only be described as the opposite of healthy.  Second, their store is FULL of sugar candies, IN BULK!!  Third, Splenda is hardly "healthy" for you.  Fucking idiot.So yeah, avoid this store, if you can.  Unfortunately, it would be more of a major inconvenience for me to avoid it, so I suffer the pain.  Oh, and don't bother asking a floor guy anything, they're COMPLETELY worthless as well.
4	I just love Sprouts and their vegetarian and bulk items. They have lots of natural body products and loose spices and herbs, something I rarely see at other natural food stores. This location is definitely still 'Mesa' in that no one uses recycled bags, the majority of shoppers are older and rarely anyone I've seen shopping here is vegetarian. Sprouts in Mesa, in my opinion, isn't really out there to replace corporate shopping centers; it's for speciality items, organic produce and bulk items.
3	Apparently watching Food, Inc is not a good thing.  For other stores anyway.I have just recently started going organic.  The choices of stores are pretty small but Sprouts seems to have the corner on the market.I was surprised at all of the things that they have in the store and while I'm still relatively new I very much like their selections.
5	Looking for REALLY Fresh veggies, fruits, herbs this is the place to go! I find it fairly priced and I love the "bulk " section. You can buy any cheese here and if the container is larger than what you need they can downsize it to your convenient need. That its a complain I always had at other stores especially when I am following a recipe and all I need is 8 oz of Parmesan not a lb!
5	Found a much wider selection of my favorite dressings here, Hi Health only carries a few. The fruit selection looked really fresh and great prices. Was happy to find many items on my list of eating healthier and trying to cut back on sugar added products. So happy to have this place to shop!
4	This review is based solely on the sandwich dept. in the deli.  I'm sure the rest of Sprouts is good, but I'm not really the grocery shopper of the household.  This is one of the best lunchtime deals around.  Similar to AJ's, order at the counter exactly how you want it.  Choice of bread, meat, cheese and toppings.  The best part about it is the price.  Get the combo with chips and a Hansons soda for appx $5.  The sandwiches are very good. Not quite on par with a great deli, but you can't beat the quality at this price.
4	-Inexpensive produce.-Fresh sausage and other meats.-$2.99 freshly made to order sanwiches.-Decent prices, cheaper than Whole Foods.-Parking is convenient.-Employees in the produce dept not so friendly. -Cashiers are usually friendly.
5	Great place if you want fresh fruit and vegetables at a reasonable price. Also good if you are searching for gluten free products since they have all gluten free items marked.
5	This sprouts offers a great selection and quality service.  I plan to come here for more of my daily needs.
5	One of the many reasons why I love Sprouts so much: they carry Boca Spicy Chik'n Patties!!Have you ever tried them?! If not, you should.....they are so good! Now, I only say this with such confidence because I've had my fair share of meatless patties back in the day, so to be able to eat these things again makes me a very, very, happy woman. Other things I like about Sprouts:- Their produce section is wonderful -- everything is fresh most of the time (very rarely have I seen some of the items look bad)- The meat selection is amazing!!! I don't normally eat a lot of meat (see how much I love those Boca patties?) but it's hard to not buy something when everything looks so good- Their bulk section is nice as wellTo add to the awesomeness of this store everything is really cheap!! And the people that work there are nice as well :)I love you Sprouts!
5	This is a fantastic store. I really wish I had one in Santa Fe. The produce is always fresh. The meats are top quality. and they always have great sales. I feel healthier just shopping here!
2	Mesa AZ Store:  Try harder.  Watch out for the employees stocking shelves or you'll get run over.  Always a long line at checkout.  Always.  Long.  I like their concept, I like their products, and I like the variety of bulk items.  But you pay for it in questionable service.  Never met or chatted with an employee I'd call "Nice."
2	The cashier named Carla could not have been ruder.  I was kept in line waiting while she spoke to a nurse from Washington about how she tills the soil, what she grows, what's for dinner, where she was from (Oregon, I think it was), how long she worked... yet I stayed polite and never complained.  Carla never apologized for keeping me waiting either. Obviously, talking to customers beats standing there bored waiting for more customers.  It suits her to keep the customers waiting to appease her own boredom by having to stand at the cash register.  In fact, she was "clever" enough to take her time scanning the blond, younger nurse's groceries to justify her personal chatter.  Now, did I get such say, "friendly" service?  Absolutely not!  She didn't speak to me when serving nor acknowledge when I spoke to her. So, I cannot say she is friendly - picky as to the quality of her service - or non-service.  Clearly she demonstrates bias to her customers.I had been tempted by the Organic Tomatoes which were the Manager's Special of the day.  They are usually too expensive to purchase when not on sale.  I questioned Carla about the amount they scanned as and she said that it was the right price.  Do note that I was shopping at almost 6PM and the store opens from 7AM!  I told her that I would check on the amount it scanned up.I was correct.  She'd scanned it up incorrectly.  In fact, when I returned to her she ignored me for a while.  Finally, I told her I was correct and she had the audacity to raise her voice at me, the patient customer that "She was just saying" and used the "Whatever while I told her it was wrong"- She could not just say she was sorry, however.  Being rude is obviously so much better.The sweet, young teenaged boy packing could in contrast be polite.  Not this older (60?) year old woman who was cashier.  This does make me wonder about Sprouts' choice of staff.  The young guy was fast, efficient, acknowledged me and pleasant to deal with.  Obviously, her pension for her efforts earlier in life were giving her a sense that this job is not that important - nor are the customers that frequent your store.Not only was I kept waiting but to add insult to injury I had no real apology, just a snide couple of remarks nor could she even look me in the eye when giving me change.  Yes, that was another separate wait all intitself.  The change then the receipt she'd "forgotten" to give me that went with the change.  Gee, to smile, it would have killed the woman.  I had to wait for my receipt for the $1.30 that was returned to me yet some more.  That was another transaction on top of all the others.I am proud that I saved the SRP guy purchasing organic tomatoes some cash.  He was behind me in the line that Carla worked at.  I also spoke with my husband's hairdresser and client in the store of my experience and showed them how I was cheated (evidence being the receipt) and that they better beware and not deal with Carla.  Now, I've had prices scanned incorrectly at Sprouts.  The norm is an apology - everywhere - even in Sprouts.I would like you the store to consider who they recruit and know that by the end of the working day, there is no excuse that the window special in the front of the store should be inaccurate in what their 'drawcard' depicts.  Otherwise, it is misleading advertising and I for one, if it will ever happen again to me will be contacting consumer advocates.  We've previously had some bad meat and watermelon experiences but this one takes the pick!Now, I have contacted SPROUTS own website directly and it is over one month yet they have still have not bothered to get in contact with me.   Reading the self-congratulatory website is not at all helpful - not is the website true to my experiences.
4	I am surprised to see any bad reviews here.  We have shopped at Sprouts for the past 5 years and have only great things to say about the store and the employees, who have always gone out of their way to be friendly and helpful.  Sprouts is our main store.  We rarely step foot in the larger chain stores.  Wednesdays are a fabulous day to shop since they have the previous weeks sales and the coming weeks sale prices on that day.  They may be busy at the registers but isn't that great news!  (for all of us)
5	I've never heard of Sprouts until I moved to AZ, but being a fan of Whole foods, I think this establishment is very similar. They have a lot of organic food products, fresh produce, fruits, decent selection of wines, and ok selection of beersI think the best part of sprouts is their lunch special. Yummy sandwiches and soups are super affordable ($5) and they have some tables and chairs there if you want to eat there.Another favorite part of sprouts is their meat area where you can get stuffed salmon or already marinated carne asda, pollo asda, teriyaki chicken, etc. They do lack the beer selection, but you'll find stuff here you will never see anywhere else. give it a try!
5	I am equaly surprised at a 2 star review.  I am fairly new to the Phoenix area and was introduced to the store by a friend.  I cannot begin to tell you how great this store is.  The service I have received here is outstanding!  No question!  I had a special holiday dinner and needed a product customized.  The staff went out of their way to "get it right" for me.  Not only once!  Their prices are unbeatable.  I can gratefully overlook any minor inconveniences, I just do it another way.  It is a little out of my way to go there, but I go as much as I can.  Keep up the great work.
4	I like Sprouts because I feel like I am avoiding Monsanto food and a lot of the bio-engineered products you get at the big grocery stores.  I love it because its small and basic.  The only complaint I have is that its really busy most of the time but that's indicative of high quality.  The prices are a bit more expensive than Fry's or Safeway but less than Whole Foods.  I think Sprouts strikes the fine balance between economical and quality.  I only hope the quality stays the same as they expand nationally.  Sprouts business model is centered around smaller stores, higher quality food and it obviously works, just walk in on any given day and the store is filled with people looking for healthier, organic foods.
4	good healthy food.  Love the bean soup mix from the dry bins
4	Great place for produce and dry goods.  I try to avoid it between October and March as it is overrun with snow birds.  Not a one stop shop though, and that can be annoying.
4	My go to place to shop. Great people and great products. Seafood is great too.
4	This is a nice Sprouts.  Clean, friendly staff, good stuff.  It's a bit far from our house, but we were in the area and wanted lunch.  The lunch counter sandwiches were pretty good.  First time I've tried that.  I can definitely recommend.
5	Love this store! There's one lady (can't remember her name) but she's super recognizable with arm tats and short spiky hair- anways, she works in the meat department and is super knowledgeable. Came in to buy some lobster tails on sale for $6.99/each -- yes you read that right- probably the most delicious deal in town! She also helped me select some yummy carne asade spiced to perfection and a few other meat items. Completed my shopping trip with a lb of their fresh hot salsa (sort of by the cheese section) and a bunch of asparagus and assorted artichokes. Overall, this store has a great selection of vegetable and meat items. I'm never disappointed when I come here!
5	My favorite Sprouts in town. Best prices on organic produce, a generous selection of nitrate-free meats and a staff that is full of character and always willing to help.
5	I Learned about this store from some co workers who said it was a great place for produce. When I finally made my way to check it out I was mad I waited so long. They have a variety of great produce, meats, health food items, supplements, even a bulk section. Prices are generally great for the produce and they seem very competitive with other store prices. I now come here once a week to stock up.Today I went in to the store for just some small dinner items. I had been hearing about "The garden of life" products including the Raw protein powder. Fortunately for me (unfortunate for him lol) I stumbled upon Matt who graciously spent at least 20 minutes with me educating me on the products and answering any questions I had. He was knowledgable, honest, and very patient.He even have me coupons on top of the sale prices. I was very impressed with Matt and his excellent customer service. Definitely  something that is a diamond in the rough these days.So thank you Matt for your help and thank you Sprouts for hiring Matt and having great prices and products!
5	Sprouts is where I go for all my veggies! They have great prices and once a week they have a day where you can get both the previous add and the new add prices. They always have a great selection of fresh produce at great prices. They also have good meats that don't have all the chemicals added...farm raised, no hormones, etc. The store is always clean and the people working are always friendly.
5	This place rocks! I started eating much healthier earlier this year and Sprouts has been a key to sticking with it. Fresh fruits and veggies, AWESOME sandwich deal in the deli, happy and knowledgeable employees. The only negative is how many snow birds crowd this place out in the winter. I do not know why they cannot follow instructions and write down the sku numbers for their bulk items, or why they deem it necessary to sit drinking coffee in the deli for hours so there is no room for those actually eating the deli lunches to sit, but that is neither here nor there. I love Sprouts!
2	Poor customer service at checkout  floor help much better. Love the store & all the products.
3	This spot came highly reccommended by a mate. She sings praises of their organic produce selection.Popped by and here is my experience.-Gave me an open market feel-love the bulk food selection-organic produc was very limited at the time I ventured out to this location-the quality of their produce is similar to the weekend farmers' market we go to-a lil pricey for the quantity, and quality-fast check out-awesome customer serviceWill give Sprouts another go... perhaps a different location that carries more variety of organic produce.
3	Great selection of exotic meats (wild boar,  elk, bison,  etc) and organic items. Everything I have purchased here has been nice and fresh except for fruit.  Be sure to check the packages of strawberries and blueberries carefully because many of them are full of moldy fuzzy fruit. I stopped buying fruit here for this reason.
4	Geat selection of Organic foods. They also got Good Fish. Picked up Some Ahi Tuna a few times from these guys and price is good, Fish is really good.  The sell cheese curds, but they aint the squeeky kine, Bummahs :(But they have good produce, kinda pricey as with all organic foods. But they have lots of natural snacks and enviromentally friendly products.
4	Went to my local Sprouts one night to find that it was closed. Weird, right? Something must have happened in the building. Anyway, I needed peaches (craving a peach cobbler) and they were on sale (.49/lb) so I drove to this location. This store may be a little bit larger than the store on Gilbert Rd but laid out fairly similar. I was able to find other items that I needed to pick up with no problem. There were a lot of people working and everyone was very nice. I like how this location has the double decker shopping carts. There was a lot of empty shelf space in some areas of the store. Not sure if they were actually out of a bunch of items or if someone just needed to get on top of stocking. My cashier was nice and efficient. I like this location but probably won't go out of my way to shop here but if I am near this location, I will probably change my route so I can be sure to stop here.
5	I LOVE the meats and produce in this place.  They have a huge organic selection and I weekly obtain the most delectable veggies.  The people who work there are the nicest too.  Love this place.
5	I am new to Arizona and I absolutely love Sprouts. Having a place like that makes the transition of moving to Mesa, AZ from Seattle, WA a lot easier for me.
5	One of the best healthy food store I go to. I live their deli sandwich there. Place is nice and neat.
5	Lunchtime sandwiches are the best plus they r healthy. Fresh produce what more can you ask for. Everyone here is very nice and always willing to help out. Love all the organic produce available and if you happen to have an allergy to gluten they have a lot of gluten free products also.
2	We bought the Sea Bass.  Before I bought it, I asked it if was fresh.  "Yes, it came in yesterday, but I don't know when it was fished."This was the fishiest tasting fish . . . just NASTY.  BAD.  Do not buy fish from this place.  I will never shop here again. Period.[Later edit: Ok, some months later I shopped here again.  We like the selection and open feel, but we avoid the fish.]
2	Don't get me wrong the food is great here- however I never get good customer service here. Today Davey the cashier and Alicia the bagger spent their time talking about the latest sprouts gossip while ringing me in. This has happened many times. I brought my boyfriend this trip to sell him on sprouts and the good produce but we couldn't even get a Hi from the cashier :-(
4	Out of all the Sprouts locations I've visited, this one seems the most spacious, with very well organized aisles. The produce when I went was very fresh, and you can always get a great deal on groceries at any of the locations.P.S. Hatch chiles are back in season! 99 cents per pound. : )
5	Compared to other grocery stores it is a little pricier but you get a bigger selection of healthy foods and brands. Compared to other health food stores it is LESS expensive by far and just as good. The produce isn't always amazing but you have a far better chance here than any other grocery store. I love sprouts!
3	I was recently diagnosed with Celiac disease and Lactose intolerance so this is my go to place for all my grocery needs. Tyler had helped me on my last visit at a different location.  He gave me some great advice and resources for clean eating. Love this place buuut...  The flip side to this is when I was told it was ok to return items, the manager in charge of returns was the grumpiest lady I've seen. When I was asking her questions, she just ignored me and kept on working at the register. I raised my voice a bit louder and still ignored. I was extremely pissed off at this point. I almost made a remark to her but I didn't.  Didn't catch her name either but i do know she was at the location on Brown. There's nothing worse than having diet issues because of medical problems and having to embarrassingly returning it and having a rude grumpy lady make me feel like shit for returning it. God! If you don't have people skills, don't manage! It just makes everyone working there unhappy, including the customers.
5	Oh man have you  tried the sandwiches here? Do you know how good they taste and how perfect the price is for college students? You can build your own sandwich for 3 dollars! And it taste so darn good! I always pick up chips a muffin or the soup of the day as a side to go with it and I'm completely satisfied! Everything is fresh here and most of the stuff if not all are organic, i even found make up brushes that I use all the time, and exotic amazing smell homemade soap! I love it! I love to shop here, I love that they ask if I want a paper or plastic bag, and the people that work there are always so nice.
