4	I ended up at Power Collision Center after a car accident. I chose them because they are one of State Farm's partner body shops and they're affiliated with a Toyota dealership, so they use OEM parts. I had a great experience with them from start to finish-- they do beautiful work and have great customer service. I can't even tell where my car was damaged.
5	I took my beloved Penny in for an estimate to repair her t-bone damage on 6 September. Steve Grothaus worked up a very detailed estimate and shot it over to USAA within an hour. The next day, we ordered two new doors and all the other parts that got crunched.10 September, baby's in the shop with a projected work time of 13 days.13 September, Steve calls me to advise me of the work's status and says I should have her back late next [this] week, ahead of schedule.17 September, Steve calls me to say she's almost done, just a bit of tweaking and blending left to do and I should have her back Wednesday or Thursday.19 September, Steve calls and says she's done, I can pick her up after 1500. I show up at 1530, baby looks absolutely flawless. There's zero evidence that she'd been pranged and she's spotless inside and out.Work completed to perfection and four days ahead of schedule, with the customer kept in the loop the entire time? Yep. As good as it gets.
5	There were some ups and downs but Kari (who handles State Farm claims) is so amazing it made the downs go much more smoothly. My accident was in February and they repaired everything. However after I got it back I had issues with my AC. It took months to figure out what the problem was because of course the AC would work perfectly the moment I would drop it off anywhere. So just about every month since then my car has been back to try and fix the issue. Come October when there was finally a clearly diagnosed issue Kari worked with me to reopen my claim and have State Farm cover the fix. Every time I had to go back in to try and fix my AC they would put me in a rental which was soooo helpful and I so appreciated! So now, months later, I can say I was well taken care of by autonation and my car is back to blowing cold air. I would absolutely work with Kari again.
