1	Everything about this restaurant is wrong.I checked in a hotel near this restaurant and ordered some food for delivery. It took me 3 calls to place the order. Food arrived after good 2 hours. French fries are soggy, soup is bland and salad is shit. They didn't even have the courtesy to apologize and wave off the charge for the delay. Plz, Plz stay away from this. I completely hate this hotel. I hope they have -1 rating.
3	Was stuck in Charlotte overnight due to a missed flight. The nice girl at the front desk said this place delivered till 1:30. And they also deliver beer. I needed that. We had the honey hot wings which were great , the fried mushrooms where awesome , the beer was cold. The one bad thing , the pizza sucked. All in all great place to end the night after the day I had.
5	Wings are great. Love the bar employees and the crowd. It's a good mixed crowd where u r likely to hear everything from country to hip hop. Stop by for a great time.
4	Nice little spot. Good affordable wings. Good service for a bar. Pool tables are in decent shape. I would recommend this spot for a good time if your in town for the night.
1	Ordered food around 8:00 now it's around   11:30, called twice but no answer- weird for a restaurant that is open until 1:30 A.M and has already charged my credit card. When I finally got my food it was cold and sucked- I'm not a food snob either (papa John or dominos delivery pizza is fine by me). The pizza was awful, wings were soggy, and mozzarella sticks were cold on the inside. If you're looking for good service and food aim elsewhere this place was awful- bad enough for me to take the time to download this app, and make a review..
1	Had problems with this room service option the first two nights I was here. House salad missing items , missing condiments,more just attention to detail. Called them and they offered me a $15 voucher great day three use the voucher outstanding everything perfect. Decided to go back for a day 4 bad mistake. Ordered the fillet it's supposed to be one of their specials. Incredibly tough. Ordered a baked potato with sour cream and butter you would think it would come on the side. But of course it didn't and it was completely melted throughout the styro foam container.  I could live with that but the house salad I ordered missing ingredients again but most of all no salad dressing. When I called back to tell them I don't want anymore vouchers just you all don't know anything about attention to detail. I let them know I was missing the salad dressing and the person who sent it insisted I must be missing it. Now they are coming back with more salad dressing. Honestly I am done with these folks I'll never use them again.  I love staying at Marriott properties but if this is what they recommend shame on them.
1	That was the most poorly spent money I have ever given a restaurant. It took two hours to deliver. Once it arrived, the food was cold and soggy. I couldn't eat any of it. I don't think there's any reason for anyone to ever order delivery from here, I should have heeded the warnings.
3	Decent little bar, grill and pool hall. Bottled beers are icy cold.  Oysters are always good and cheap too!  Chili is pretty good as well.  Definitely deserves better than 2 stars! Music can be a bit loud at times...
