3	It's in chinatown, but not a chinese restaurant... per se.My friend took me here for my birthday, she had heard about it, told me it was a new asian fusion place. The place looks very trendy, and the bathrooms are clean, definitely not a chinese restaurant lol.I found the menu to be limited. It's mostly a drinking menu with some food options. Come to think of it, yeah I would come back for a drink, to eat not so much. The place is full of ambiance but the food is lacking.I don't know what to say about this place, asian dish done western style? by the way that's code for watered down and plated nicely.The popcorn chicken we ordered were very nice, crispy and tender. It was a nice appetizer.The nappa cabbage confit, were sprinkled with salt and fried onions. This too was a very nice dish, although once you ate through the first layer, the rest of the cabbage was bland since they only salted the top.The Hoi tod (which is a mussel crispy pan cake from thailand) was puny and not crispy. This was a total miss, I understand they were putting a spin on it but, it lacked all the elements that made a hoi tod good. Anytime you have something eggy and soggy instead of crispy that's a miss.The beef short ribs, looked good, but they were not fall off the bone, and too salty.The eggplant although it looked well seasoned with some dark sauce, turned out bland.The mapo tofu was also bland. The three things I liked most were the popcorn shrimps, the crispy chicken skins, and the orange ice cream. the chicken skins were super crispy and tasted awesome.For dessert we ordered orange ice cream, and the waitress insisted we order a sweet xiaolong bao, a sweet dumpling. Just from the description I thought it was weird but we just went with it since she kept suggesting.The dumpling was a bit weird, a sweet filling inside a dumpling is like eating rice with chocolate sauce... not good. You will never see this in a real chinese restaurant, it's just not done, not because people haven't thought of it but because the dumpling texture is just not right with something sweet, it's just mushy and sweet, one note, no symphony here.The ice cream was another story, it had very nice orange flavor and not tangy at all. Beneath the ice cream there were some caramelized ginger slivers which added another dimension. It was nice and refreshing, perfect.Not exactly east meets west, more lost at sea and adrift in confusion...
3	Alright so this is a funky Korean-fusion spot in Chinatown that was opened by the former chef of Cafe Sardine. The menu is pretty ecclectic and the vibe inside is definitely way better than anywhere else in the neighborhood.Food: I ate here with a group of friends from out of town so we got to try about 10 things on the menu which was fun. The menu items are definitely original (both in terms of the ingredients themselves and the combination of said ingredients) and the food was good for the most part, but none of the dishes were as delicious as, say, a Laksa from Satay Brothers or a seafood pancake from Hwang Kum. So yeah there's tons of fun stuff to discover but I wouldn't necessarily go back for any one dish in particular. I'd have to say the the food, overall, is a 7 on 10.Service: The service was really great. Casual, friendly and quick. I give them a 10 on 10 for this.Drinks: The drink menu rocks. They have tons of cocktails, a good wine list (for an Asian restaurant) and an A-MA-ZING Korean-style michelada.Ambiance: The place has a really cool neon crab on the wall inside and it's definitely the nicest restaurant in Chinatown, but the design overall is not really remarkable. It was pretty quiet when we ate there though so maybe the place gets a little more magical when there is some hustle and bustle.Overall I'd say that this is a fun spot to go to with a group of friends, and you'll probably get to try something you've never eaten before, but I don't think I'd add it to my list of "go to" places in the city just 'cause there wasn't any food item in particular that I fell in love with. But it's definitely fun to try. So yeah, try it.
5	Ok, I really liked this and I'll tell you why and mostly it's because everything about this place is unexpected. On an underdeveloped edge of an odd corner in Chinatown you find this brand new restaurant behind an odd facade. From outside and in you can see it's divided into two. One side, the kitchen, is brightly lit like a showcase with a crowd of diverse cooks. Like a live show you watch from the comfort of your table on the other side, in the dining room, where it is dim with clean warm hanging lighting, black and purple and glowing neon red crab decor, but not quite in an 80s way. It sort of nods smilingly at that 80s scene though, with black carpeting on the walls and such, but the food and cocktails are playful and new and the ambiance is modern, elegant, cool. My Royal Jelly cocktail was weird and wonderful, like a Chinatown Manhattan. We ordered about 8 plates and agreed on 6 of them that we totally loved this. The other two were polarizing, but with these and all of them we always took pleasure in talking about the surprising things happening with the food. Standouts were the ribs and calamari, and we want to go back soon to share the duck, this looks fun and delicious. Liked it. Will do again, for sure, so nice to have a new option in that area and in the Montreal food scene in general.
5	I've eaten here twice: once in the winter with just one other person and once just recently with a large group. It's not the place for unadventurous eaters.Both meals were full of surprising but unequivocally delicious flavors. The plating of both entrees and main dishes was frequently beautiful and the balance of spices perfect. Even the desserts were luscious. Something truly different from Montreal's excellent but predictable French/Quebecois cuisine. Full bar, warm ambiance, excellent service.
5	Really surprised this place isn't the hippest place in Montreal, with a line out the door.  The food was great, the service was great, and the atmosphere was great.  Everyone there was extremely accommodating of the fussy vegetarians in my party, and went out of there way, even making not-on-menu items for them.  Ask for hot sauce, and you'll receive a delicious creamy sriracha type sauce.  Some of the prices were a little high for what we got, but overall a great place.
