5	After contemplating a breast augmentation for many years i began to research plastic surgeons in Las Vegas . I had heard good things about Dr. Edwards from several friends who had work done by him and were pleased with their results.  After seeing him and a few other doctors in the area I knew right away I was making the right choice by choosing Dr. Edwards and was certain I would be getting A+ work.  He is very honest and realistic about what type of results you will get after your surgery and takes the time to go over your body with you and only gives you options that will look good for your body type specifically. I also never felt rushed.  I was very confused on what size I should get and the Dr. as well as his staff was very patient with me as I went back a couple times just to try on implant sizes. Dr. Edwards is one of the most compassionate, caring doctors I have ever met and although he is running a business i never felt like he was after my money and I truly feel like his number one priority was my safety and to make me feel as comfortable as possible while going through with my breast augmentation.  I had my surgery at Flamingo surgery center and I have nothing but good things to say about the staff there.  They put my nerves at ease and made the surgery process easier than I expected.  The Anesthesiologist Dr. Boman is very gentle and kind , and very experienced ( he is also pretty funny ).  You can be assured you are in good hands.  Dr. Edwards is available all hours of any day and always there to answer questions you may have before and after surgery. It has been three weeks out from surgery and so far I am very pleased with my results.  I have already recommended Dr. Edwards to a friend who is having her breasts done by him later this month, just as I would recommend him to anyone looking for a doctor who truly cares for his patients and does amazing plastic surgery ! Thank you again to Dr Edwards, Dr. Boman, Kathy, Jackie Perez, Kelly and everyone at the flamingo surgery center for everything you have done for me !
5	I finally decided to get a breast augmentation. I saw a total of 3 different doctors. Hands down Dr. Edwards and his staff are at the top of their game! Dr. Edwards was very thorough and easy to talk with. My every concern was addressed in a timely manner and I was not afraid come surgery day. I am 1 day post op and I am PLEASED with the results! From beginning to end he was realistic and honest. My surgery with the lift took 2.5 hours and he was there when I woke up.  Thank you Dr. Edwards and staff!
5	Love love love Dr. Edwards!!! He did a great job on my breast aug and lift! I would recommend anyone To go to him! Not only does he have many prestigious awards but was named best in Vegas countless times. Do the research. He has also moved with a great team at anson and Higgins who did my moms facelife and did an amazing job! I will return for a tummy tuck ;)
5	I would like to take a minute to thank Dr. Edwards and his amazing staff. I had gone to Dr. Edwards after hearing from a friend about the fantastic work he had done. I had 15 year old implants and one had ruptured and both had extreme calsifacration. I was a scared about what the options may be. I called his office and spoke to Kelly, she was a great first contact. She put my mind at ease, explained the initial process completely and sent the necessary paperwork to me via email, very easy.  After my first office visit I knew I had made the right decision. Meeting with Dr. Edwards put my mind at ease. He was kind, gentle and direct with answers to all my questions. The final pre-surgery details were made so easy by Jacqueline Walsh, she was caring and informative. My surgery experience was just as amazing, it was relaxing and stress free. The post-operation follow up was just as Dr Edwards had explained, there were no  surprises or complications.  My results are amazing, I was completely satisfied with how full and natural I look. I absolutely recommend Dr. Edwards and his staff.     Vanessa
