3	**sigh** I have a love hate relationship with Crack-in-the-box.  Oddly enough, I love their eggrolls and sourdough hamburger but try to not eat anything else! Unfortunately, they just added mini funnel cakes to the menu.  I had to try them.  Happy to report they won't be a new addiction.  Might see ya there.
2	Okay, is there something going on with fast food places in the Valley?  Or is it all over?  Places seem to be doing something with their meat that I am not liking.  Some kind of greasyspicymuddy taste has invaded burgers from Wendy's and Jack in the Box and I'd like to know WTF is going on here.I used to really like Jack's Ultimate Cheeseburger, and the Jumbo Jack has been a favorite of mine since the '70s.  Now yuk.  Something has changed.  It's almost like they are trying to duplicate some greasy freshly barbecued taste and failing BADLY.I hope you guys don't change your tacos or egg rolls or I won't have much of a reason to go anymore.  If I need a fast burger, I'll go to McD and get a burger there.  They'd never change.Of course, they changed Coke, so I guess I shouldn't say never. . .
3	Basic jack n box. Not fast service & high prices than other jack n box but straight to the point. No high praise or low service
4	A year ago I would have probably rated this place with 2 stars.  Recent makeover and this place looks a lot better inside.  The employees have also been very friendly the last few times I've gone in and have gotten my order right each time; something that wasn't common here and most fast food places in the area.  Good turnaround.Now, I'm not saying this is a four star restaurant or anything like that... Just 4 stars for a fast food place.
4	food was good. seemed to take longer then usual. Then I say a sign in the lobby that said "we don't cook it until you order" not sure if i belivie that but...... anyway
1	The girl would not serve my friend in a motorized vehicle in the drive through. Told me she was calling the cops but called a security guard and no justice was had. Rude and mean woman needs to be fired from her job. Worst service ever at a mediocre establishment that just lost all credibility.
