4	Every town needs a joint like the Outside Inn Tavern.  This place is a a good place to take a break from the mainstream Vegas lifestyle.  Go hard for a couple nights take it easy on the 3rd.  Hit up the Outside Inn for some good service and a laid back feel.  Mingle with the locals in this interesting and naturalesque atmosphere.Top 3 reasons why every city needs an Outside Inn.1.)  Only the ballsy stroll into this place.  With a name like the Outside Inn how do you know it's not a place to secretly hook up with your friend's lover?  It's not an Inn at all although it would be nice if I could wake up at one.2.) Mellow joint with a serene woodsy feel.  Sounded a bit cheesy when I  got the heads up on the drive over but really wasn't at all.  Think high log beams but not the old school wood feel, the fresh lighter color logs adorn this tavern.3.) Friendly bartenders and even friendlier locals hang out at this hot spot.  It's hot but not crowded which is nice (I went on a Saturday night).
1	I've gone to alot of bars here in Vegas and by far this one has to be the worst!! I read the reviews of friendly bartenders and have to say met the most rudest and racist bartender ever.. i work the same business in food and beverage here in Vegas and have never gotten discriminated the way i did... and would never treat my customers the way she does... i didn't get her name but if you go in there you will see who she is a foul mouthed  lady with a big nose and trust me you will not want her to serve you. I didn't even finish the game cause of this racist lady. The only thing that was good was that i hit a 4 of a kind and had a Monterrey burger which was Delicious!!
5	Ok well I don't live too far to this place so it has become my local bar.  It has pretty friendly staff and great prices.They have food, its open 24 hours and has butt loads of draft beers... If you you like knowing your bartenders name and enjoy having friendly faces around.. than go HERE.
5	My husband and I enjoy the Outside Inn for breakfast. The serving sizes are HUGE, the prices are decent, and the service is the BEST. While we have not yet been there for lunch or dinner you better believe after the consistent breakfast service we get we will definitely be back.
4	At first, Outside Inn seemed just like any other neighborhood bar--nothing special. The name, however, had me intrigued as it was rather humorous. Upon entering this bar/restaurant, I liked the rustic wooden decor with exposed wooden "log" beams and the overall "woodsey" feel. The bar area seemed dark and there were plenty of tv's (although none that I could see were large screen). The dining area was rather small and the decor colors were dull. I would have preferred a little more exposed wood to match the rest of the decor, instead of the vinyl, blue booth seating areas. The food was surprisingly good. Sweet potato fries pleasantly surprised in their flavor and consistency and prime rib tasted better than most other neighborhood places out there. The prices were reasonable and the draft beer selection was vast; however, prices were a little higher than average for a place such as this. Service was very quick and friendly. I would recommend this place and will come here again when I'm in a mood for some beers and some good prime rib. Nice neighborhood place to relax and unwind.
4	Upon reading the other Yelp reviews, it seems like I missed out on food!  Unfortunately, I came here with a friend after stuffing myself as usual at Firefly.  Even a stroll around the Town Square afterward did not make me want to eat more...I asked my friend to take me to a bar that is a bit low-key... although Town Square features one of my favorite places to go (Yard House), it was Mayweather-Mosley fight weekend, and I wanted to just chill.The sign on the street does not say Tavern, so I only saw Outside Inn... would've never guessed that this is actually a bar haha.  Had a great time, good drinks (decently priced at $6 per each of my gin & tonic), and great company.  Yay.
3	This place seems to be hit or miss.  I have stopped in here many times in the late evening to grab some food since its right around the corner from my place. Some of the staff are very friendly and try to make conv, while other times I have been in there and they almost seem annoyed that I am asking them for a drink and what not.The Chicken tenders that they server are great since they are not the normal Tyson brand breaded tenders.
5	I love both locations, but this review is based on the Jones location.I ended up here after I found out the bar I was initially going to was closed and I had already been to another bar that had no potential.  Let me say that I was delightfully surprised when I walked in here around 10 PM on a Saturday night.  There was a good crowd of people, the jukebox had an excellent selection of music, the staff was friendly, and just an instantly jovial atmosphere as soon as you come in.  It was an awesome night.Although they don't have Delirium Tremens at this location, they do have Leinenkugel's Sunset Wheat on draft, so I was happy regardless.I don't live in the area, but I will definitely keep it on my list of "bars to go to" when I'm trying to plan a weekend outing!
3	This is a local Southwest neighborhood bar with a log cabin feel . They offer a few different menu options from pizza to fish and chips. Our server was friendly but it took a long while for her to follow up and take our order. They have a pool table , and a few tv's for your sports viewing pleasure. For our appetizer ,we ordered the spinach & artichoke dip which turned out to be a generous portion. For dinner we shared the sausage Stromboli with marinara , it was quite good washed down with a cold Hefeweizen. All said it is a fun local place when you feel up for a casual beer and bite to eat.
1	I don't understand how they are always out of beers on tap! I live right across the street from this one and get bad service all the time. But I love to go to the hualapai one, the People are friendly and not rude!
4	Had Outside Inn this past weekend, and I was completely satisfied. The sliders were super deelish, with crumbles of bleu cheese and on top of a hawaiian roll, really? I tried to blame it on the fact that I was starving, but no it was just really good. I wasn't however extremely hyped about the desserts, but all in all great place to cheat on your diet!!
4	Great neighborhood bar with a great staff! This place is rockin' during football games. The grub is hella good too!
4	Hit the Outside Inn last night with the GF. big surprise - the interior is meant to look like you are outside - kinda like a cabin in the woods sort of thing. Had a $25 Restaurant .com . after driving by this place to/from work for about a year, i finally give the place a try. Pleased we only had to spend $35 with the coupon ( usually it's $50 ) . Also liked that they didn't put the automatic 18% gratuity on the bill. the server was pleasant. They had a $2 Moretti beer special so i ordered for my pre-meal libation. gf ordered diet coke. Server returned a few minutes later and said they are out of Moretti - I asked how she planned to solve the problem ( she got my drift - what alternative beer can i order for $2 ) - she did say they have an IPA costing $4 for a 16 ounce draft ...hmmm...not quite the solution i was looking for but i decided to go with it. It was tasty but damn if i know the name of it. We ordered the sausage stromboli, some sort of foo-foo salad for the gf ( she does the , " no this, no that, then put this that and the other on the side " ..geez.. we could've hit the salad bar at Glacier's ! ) and the fish n chips ( Pike that's allegedly flown in from Minnesota ) The stromboli was decent ( $9 .. i think ) - was more of a flaky crust then what i consider is the norm pizza crust . unusual shape too ( pic attached ) The salad - whatever the fish and chips - like the chips ( basically fries cut like potato chips ) the cole slaw decent if you like extra vinegar and the fish - also good but the quantity was lacking - 3 pieces of the fish stick size. ( $12 ) Overall, an above-average bar/grill that i'll try again - especially with a restaurant.com coupon.
3	Bartender ignored us. Food is good here.
3	We had been here about 5-6 times before Sunday.  Previously had received exceptional serve. This time had a Groupon. Not good. NO KIDS ALLOWED ANYMORE. Took our teenager home, made her something to eat and went back. I was looking forward to the Chicken Fried Steak that I absolutely love, not to be. No gravy for the steak!!  Asked about the Southwestern burger, waitress said she loved. Did not like, hamburger overdone, no mayonnaise, relish or other condiments. It did have avocado and some green chile. Not happy. Husband had eggs benedict that he enjoyed, lots of canadian bacon.
3	I had money on the Steelers vs Ravens and figured we might as well watch the game with a bunch of Pittsburgh fans.However, I am a big time Patriots fan and was still bitter from the loss to Pitt the week before.  I loathed both teams on the field but thought it would be an interesting atmosphere but the longer I was there, the dirtier I felt.  I've been to other team bars but the Steelers and their fans here irked me the most.  Soooo irked that I even took satisfaction in the Ravens winning in the last minute and watching all the Steelers fans get all pissy and sad even though I lost my bet.  We had a restaurant.com coupon and ordered wings, chicken fingers and a steak sandwich.  All of the food was above par bar fare.  The hot wings weren't ridiculously spicy but offered a nice burn in your mouth that went great with their nice selection of beers on tap.  I opted for a Newcastle Werewolf which tastes like autumn.The cabin atmosphere is great.  It almost feels like this place should be up on Mount Charleston.  There is no other bar to go to in the SW LV area if you're a big time Steelers fan.  I only wish there was a Pats bar like this.  Maybe I envy this place.  Maybe I'm ticked the Pats have lost 2 in a row.  Maybe I should see a shrink.
1	I would have given this place 2 out of 5 stars for comfortable and clean atmosphere, having all the NFL games on, and being close to home. BUT they changed the game we were watching when in over time 5 times! Each time, they were really rude about it saying "we are working on it" and "there you go" with attitude. The problem could have been that we were here for 4 hours and had already tipped over 20% on our $60 bill so they just didn't care how they treated us, but not the best way to end game day.Other than that, the food was cold and mediocre and didn't fit the menu descriptions. The mixed drinks weren't very good, and neither was the draft craft beer. No refills on the water or soda with out asking. This is the second time we have been here with so so food and service. Due to the TV incidents and rude response, I would rather drive farther than come back.
3	Decent staff, a little above average "bar food", and a cool  ambiance with fireplaces and a pool table... looking for a northeastern ski lodge cozy feeling was found at the Outside Inn!
5	I loved the way this bar looked right when I walked in the door, all log cabin and out doors like. The food was tasty, I would order it again but the real reason this place won me over was for the reason I came to it in the first place. They were the volunteered location as a charity event for friend who was a regular at the bar and needed help with some medical bills and what not. Imlovemto see companies reaching out and making their customers apart of the family. This place gets allllll my love.
1	CLOSOSOSOSOSeeedddddddd Thanks god Shit hole
