5	Screw the Depot, this place rocks for cheap DIY! You'll never know what you'll find at this hardware thrift store. They mostly carry used home improvement stuff like doors, windows, sinks, furniture, door hardware, oops paint, etc...but from time to time you can find a great selection of brand-new stuff that contractors donate. I scored a brand-new-in-the-box Moen kitchen faucet for $37! I was super excited over that bargain. I've also gotten a bunch of little things here like a soffet vent for the roof, door knobs, paint brushes, windows, etc...and you can't go wrong for the price. Their prices are a fraction of the cost of home improvements chains and you're helping recycle and giving money to a good cause.
5	oh. my. word.this place rocks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!my sister and i went today and were there for about 3 hours. we did not stop saying "LOOK AT THIS!!!!!!" "OMG IT'S SO CHEAP!" literally. so cheap.they had brand new stainless steel appliances, chandeliers, supplies, cabinets, flooring, ceiling fans, paint, furniture, DOORS, WINDOWS, i could go on! and its not gross stuff like you sometimes find at good will. it's AMAZING stuff. and the place is HUGE they were having a light fixture sale(70% off) so my sister was able to get two amazing chandeliers (originally both together would have been close to $400) for a smokin hot $139!!!!!!!!! can you even handle that? I cant. this is the place to go.we also hit up the location in mesa- they have more bathtubs, sinks, electronics, toilets, etc. we felt the location down town was a bit better than the one in Mesa but it all depends on what you're looking for. i can't get over the prices.1 thing- prepare yourself- it gets sticky. they don't have an AC- only a swamp cooler thingy. but you forget about how uncomfortable it is once you start flipping out about all of the amazing things you find. i don't know why I haven't heard of this place sooner! thanks for sending it Jessica!!!!!
4	A great place to find home improvement items / furnishings at prices that are way easy on the pocketbook. The used items are in good condition and of higher quality than you would normally find in a place such as Goodwill, and there are many new items as well (see the pics). There's even a room for antiques. And, as the entrance poster says, "Your purchase today helps eliminate sub-standard housing in your community."
4	I discovered this by accident and have to say it was bittersweet.  Having just finished packing & unpacking, cross country I was overwhelmed with stuff and determined (still am) to pare DOWN. Regardless, the home-design freak/scavenger in me went mentally crazy looking at all the stuff I wanted desperately to get ... and would have if I had a house here. I limited myself to a pair of lampshades in a pattern (Waverly Cottage Rose I think) that I've been collecting guest room items in forever. Never thought that they had lampshades. $2 each in my hot little hand. I will be back for more. Thank you ReStore for all that you do ...
3	I walked around looking for something to buy and all I found was a number 8 for the address out front. Lame... Not that this place isn't cool but I did not find a "deal" worth buying something not new. Don't get me wrong, I can be cheap and frugal. I looked at doors, windows, faucets, furniture, bookcases, cabinets etc.. nothing I needed at that moment.
5	I've only been to the downtown Phoenix location.As with any rehab store...they had their share of crap. Some people seem to think, their broken down, unrepairable stuff is somebody's dream come true. But then you have people that donate things that are cool and worthy of re-purposing. And that alone is worth checking out.I loved the bulk items...nails, screws, bolts. They were very-very cheap. As was Flashing, and plumbing supplies. Some of their ventilation hoods, and stove tops were super cool.And they had some nice patio/sliding doors and a few super cool exterior doors. Lighting was a disappointment....but thats just the way it goes. I don't dock them for that at all. The One and Only thing that I saw there, that made me cringe a little is - Paint. Only because Paint typically has an expiration date, whether you know it or not. I personally would only buy paint in a high volume store, that I know they are moving it, in and out.But if you don't know good paint from bad....then go for it. But good paint doesn't last forever.Great-Super Cool Store.Highly Recommend.
3	The only things we could find here for us was some bird seed that had been donated by a feed store or something because some of the bags had small holes in them. I don't think my birds care if their feed comes from holey bags but the price was hard to beat, only $2 dollars for huge big song bird feed bags. We also got gypsum for our rose plants and they also had mulch over there. The furniture available was old and dingy. They had aisles and aisles of things that a regular person would never need or want but maybe a contractor type or handyman could have some use of. I will stop by here again occasionally but don't waste your time if you are looking for decent things to look nice in your house because they might not have it. I did see two GE Monogram regrigerators and microwaves still in their boxes but the prices were not very heavily discounted.
1	Very disappointed.  All they want is new stuff and for you to drop it off.  Hello, they are bypassing some good used stuff and people contact them because they pick items up that many people are unable to drop off.  Won't contact them again.
3	I was surprised to find that had a TON of brand new irrigation supplies. As a gardener, I am always fiddling with the irrigation, and am in constant need of emitters, hose, and connectors to support my filthy habit. They have it all (at least when I went), and at a fraction of what the hardware store charges.
2	So disappointing.  Both the one in Tucson and the one in Phoenix.  Their prices appear to be RETAIL rather than RESELL.  Way overpriced.  There are better stores in town.
