3	I am stuck in the hotel without a rental car (ok that is my fault, but in my defense its ugly (lots of snow and black ice) out there and I don't want to have to worry about the conditions of the road).  So as I am checking in, one of the first things I asked was what places would deliver to the hotel.  My options were pizza, Chinese and Fridays.  Well, I had Chinese last night, and pizza just didn't float my boat tonight.So I ordered the ribs (why not eat something messy when no one can see me?).  There were a lot of them and they were good.   Good service, I had told them I might be downstairs having a glass wine (which turned out to be the case).   He came over with a big smile on his face - such a friendly face a welcome change to my normal experiences.
4	Decent food for the price.  Service is terrific and always clean.  It is nice to see the Manager out in the resturant at all hours keeping things running well.Ignore the other reviewer, Tracy from LA.  She says everything was great but only gives it three stars.
2	The only thing I totally dig here is the french fried green beans, and hello--if you screw up frying something, then you REALLY have problems. So. I got some sort of chicken salad once, and it was disgusting. The lettuce was soggy(gag) and just not good.The last time I went, I got the cedar planked salmon, and it was decent.An okay place to go if you have few options.I was going to give this place one star, based on my experiences with TGI Fridays in general, but this actual location is all right...if you don't have many options.
2	I did not like their food both times I went..I had burgers both times and they were gross and soggy. Ick. Plus, the waiter took forever to bring our food and our check. I seriously spent 2 hours eating when I could have spent half that time had I had a decent server! He constantly forgot things that we asked for too and I was left without something to drink a few times. Bad service.
3	Service: Excellent.  Waitress readily available. Manager checked up on us.Drinks: Good value.  Can't beat $3 margaritas and mojitos.Food: Half priced appetizers from 4-7 PM and after 9 PM.Atmosphere: Good.  Nice mix of people at the bar.I would have given this Fridays more stars if I hadn't woken up in the middle on the night with tummy problems.  I guess the half price appetizers didn't agree with me.
4	I went to the TGi's on the east side and it was fantastic. Even though I came out $50 less rich, I will definitely go back.  I paid for my date's dinner and he got a delicious steak & shrimp with a fully loaded potato (bacon & cheese & chives)! I ordered the jack daniel's chicken breast (2 breasts!) it was SO juicy and delicious.  I highly recommend it. The brownie dessert is to die for. Also, the french onion soup is SOOO good.  The layer of baked cheese on top is amazing. The food came out so fast, I could barely finish my soup. Go go go!
2	It's Fridays. I'll go here if it's convenient but never by choice.If you've never been, they have a variety of Americanized food. There are a few decent dishes like the pecan crusted chicken salad or anything with Jack Daniels glaze. As you can guess, the good dishes are either loaded with sugar or sodium and lack developed flavors. They have some decent lunch specials starting around $7.  The service at this location is great and I go here if the group wants to for lunch. In my opinion there are just way too many other great options in Madison.
1	Between the filthy bathrooms that reek of urine, the food on the floor in the bar, the chipped and dented paint on chairs and booths, or the radically reduced menus, it is a wonder that TGI Fridays manages to stay in business.  Granted, we were there in the day, and we were sober, so we noticed when my mother put her forearm down on a chunk of food left on our table. Maybe alcohol would have eased our pain. We probably would have still noticed the flies zipping overhead, however.
5	Great staff. The Best Happy Hour in town. Friendly bartenders!
3	The host was amazing--nick I believe.  If you're going for a cheap meal and good appetizers this is the place. Their 2 for $10 or 2 for $15 (appetizer and entree) is awesome. Their drinks are really weak though!
4	Bartenders are excellent. They flip bottles, perform magic tricks are attentive and make the out of town visitors feel at home. Crazy Mike is crazy and awesome. Food was good, not awesome, but good in general, and the prices are on par.
4	This can be a great affordable family restaurant if you use the Stripes card they offer. They have a large menu and good service. They usually seat you right away.
4	There was large menu with many choices, but my boyfriend and I both got ribeye steaks. The flavor was really good and they were both cooked the correct way, but it seemed like the cut wasn't the best. Our waitress was really nice, but only refilled my boyfriends drink once, mine not at all. The food was pretty good though, and the brownie dessert we shared was amazing. I would go again, think the waitress was newer and don't want to let that ruin the experience.
