3	Typical Starbucks, but slightly less enthusiastic or overly friendly employees. The nice thing about this location is that they will brew fresh decaf after the 12pm hour. (I thought that was the company's overall policy, but there have been some locations that will NOT do it...even when asked.)There is ample seating with numerous outlets. The wifi is still not free, unless you register a Starbucks card. However, it seems like my wifi works on my iPhone. Bonus points with paper liners in the bathroom! They are good about keeping the place clean too.
4	I love this location, especially when (the woman with tons of curly brown natural hair) is working/in charge--not sure if she's a manager but she should be. Somehow things are always rocking when she is there, and the baristas are knocking them out just right. But it's almost always perfect there. My priority is my drink--clean shots and creamy soy. It's also good for studying and work--not too loud.Second, it usually has a 101 sanitation rating so I can get a latte in winter without worrying about picking up a cold too.That said, this place MUST solve its fly problem in warm weather. Flies come from somewhere and Corporate should be finding out where and dealing with it.Also, ALL Starbucks should ban smoking on the premises. The smoke flows in the door and suffocates everyone inside. Because this location is small and a dead-end inside, the smoke is worse. East Blvd is the worst, though. And cigar smoking is just plain rude.Starbucks Corporate also needs to prevent people from going between cash register and drinks making without hand washing. This is the law but no Starbucks observes it that I've seen. This is rare at this location though--another reason I like it.I'm kinda confused why someone found the place too "White House" for them. Is that a new code word? No Starbucks employee ever talks politics on the job. This guy is probably upset that Starbucks employees get benefits for part-time. I like the fact that they are more likely to be going to the doctor and staying home when they are sick, not giving me their bug. Another reason I avoid the independents.
3	A very friendly Starbucks
4	A "cute" Starbucks with the smallest parking lot in the world. No drive-through. Otherwise, the same as other Starbi with coffee, coolers of pastries and suchlike.If it's a nice day, sit outside and enjoy the traffic going past. There is seating in the back, behind the coffee bar but it's really loud. Perhaps a picture or two on the wall might help to reflect some of the noise?
1	Oh, how sad that this Starbucks in a great location has one of the rudest cashiers I've ever encountered. In general he is dismissive of customers, as if they are there to serve him instead of the other way around. On my last and LAST visit he relieved himself of a loud and long yawn right in a customer's face as he rang up the sale. Some of the nicest people I know work in Starbucks. How this one was hired and why  he stays is a mystery!Sorry, I'll take my gold card elsewhere.
3	Parking is terrible!!!!! Okay I may be exaggerating here but considering I almost got hit twice just pulling into the parking lot after work was a little crazy.  The spaces are narrow and diagonal so be ready for some tight spaces.It wasn't busy inside so it was nice. Servers were pleasant and my order was ready in no time.  Totally made up for the parking lot disaster out there....
2	A colleague and I decided to have a quick Friday morning meeting at the Providence Starbucks today... HUGE mistake! Although the service was great & we were able to snag a table, parking was a nightmare & I nearly got hit by an Audi and BMW who were fighting for a parking space and didn't seem to care about anyone else in the parking lot (I'm sure they are very important people, but did they really need to use inappropriate hand gestures when I didn't even want the primo spot they were both vying for???)... This was my first experience going to this Starbucks on a weekday, and it will be my last. I have been there several times on Saturday mornings and found the experience relaxing and delightful. Unless you like being a part of a high stress coffee experience that involves a bunch of people that are in way too much of a hurry and think they're very important, I would suggest patronizing a different Starbucks Monday-Friday.
3	Occassionally come in here as pit-stop before work. Can be pretty busy on weekends with long lines. The parking lot is very small. I got speedy service today, and was out in less than 2 minutes.
3	Came here on Christmas Day. Ordered a "regular" coffee, and got up sold the Reserve. Very good. Motley Crew as you'd expect. Felt bad these guys had to work on X-mas, but they didn't seem to mind.
3	Good Starbucks with a nice staff. My only complaint is that they have really limited parking and it's a hassle to try and exit in your car.
3	I bet a lot of curse words are said in this parking lot.Parking is a nightmare here. Well, unless you're like me and go at 2:30pm. But even when the small parking lot isn't full... it is super awkward getting in and out of it. The workers are nice. Small location, but nice and quiet to bring your laptop and get some work done. A typical visit here you'll see a lot of Myers Park moms. Saw a MP dad for the first time today. Hello nurse. It's Starbucks. No big surprises here. You pretty much know what you're going to get. If the parking lot if full, head on up the street to the new Teeter. They have a Starbucks inside.
3	The staff at the Starbucks are always super friendly, but this location is always packed.
