4	Russo's is in the same location that used to be Carmine's Pizza Kitchen. I ordered my usual pizza: Sausage, Bell Peppers and Onions. The service was quick and the pizza also came out quickly. The crust was a little bit thinner than Carmine's pizzas. The pizza was very good. I'll be going back for another. I have two complaints. The first is that the Iced Tea was not fresh. The other complaint is that the internet on my I phone did not work inside the restaurant despite showing 3 of 4 bars. It almost seems like the internet is purposely blocked inside. However, if you walk outside it works fine. The waitress tried to give me the password, however it must have been changed. She was not sure if it had been changed since it was Carmine's.
5	I love this place!! The new owner is 10x nicer than the previous owner of Carmine's and the food is absolutely fabulous.  Here are some of my favorites: Caesar salad and chopped salad are phenomenal.  The lasagna is great and their pizza is to die for.  I'm in love with their crust.  I have a 2 year old and they treat her so well and they are extremely accommodating.  This is a tremendous family-owned business and I love being able to go out and support the smaller guy, especially when the experience is so wonderful.  I highly recommend them!!
5	Really enjoy the simplicity of this place, food is great, right price, & reminds me of a favorite pizza place back home in Maryland... Have been here twice in last 2 weeks and will continue to come back & keep trying all the dishes. Had the chopped salad today and it was perfect... Wouldn't change a thing... Check out this place, so happy right down street from my house & they give me the remote for my tables tv, seriously can it get any better??? Thanks keep it up!!!
5	Great place to grab a bite to eat on your lunch break. It is a family environment, the owner is very nice, the food is great, the waiting time is short, the service is great and it is close to work! Woohoo!
5	If you're looking for really good homemade Italian, this place is for you. The pizza is delicious. You can taste the difference right away--not your typical chain restaurant cheap cheese and sugary sauce. The owner, Tony, makes his signature penne pasta with an incredible vodka sauce--my personal favorite. I was surprised to find out everything is made fresh when you order. Nice friendly atmosphere and great service. Nicole, the server, is so nice. We love this neighborhood pizza kitchen!
5	Love the pizza here! I'm from NY and Russo's is the closest to home pizza here in Vegas. Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday they only charge $10.99 for a large cheese pie, awesome deal IMO! I have gotten food here many times and it's always great!
2	Decent food. Ordered the Sicilian pizza not knowing what it really was. The crust was super crunchy I was hoping for doughy. Place is really nice inside and the service was good.  Huge portions. I don't think ill return just wasn't for me. But is worth a try
4	Great pizza joint, with extras, like chop salad, calamari, and more. The pizza was pretty good with emphasis on crust and sauce. The chop salad was a like whoa. Wasn't expecting all that flavor. Man it was good. We will definitely be coming back.  Would like to try more items on the menu, like greek salad, and some of the main courses. Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was the guy behind the counter seemed a little peeved we came in at 8:30 and they close at the early hour of 9.  Cmon, this is Vegas, what pizza place closes at 9!Overall very happy and will be comming by to sample the slices and more salads.
5	Best pizza in Vegas I've had so far.There's weekday specials and pizza I found to be quite large. There are Tvs at all the tables so you dont get bored waiting.The decor was interesting also.
4	J'adore eating here! I'll review in backwards order. The homemade cheesecake is the best. All the pizzas are good especially pepperoni. Service is usually ;) quick.
3	I loved it when it was Carmine's Pizza Kitchen, the new owner Tony that changed it to Russo's Pizza is a great guy, he's improved and takes a lot of pride in the service and getting to know the neighborhood customers unlike the Carmine's staff. The pizzas not the same, Tony doesn't use my favorite brand of cheese grande like Carmine used, the sauce is good, just different also compared to Carmine (i know the tomato brands are different also i wont reveal anymore secrets lol), the crust isnt as doughy and chewy as Carmine, since Tony took over he must have a pride in his own recipes, I dont blame him, I wish him luck, he has great fettucine alfredo and other items. Its worth a try it may be more for others!
5	Today's favorite, the pene pasta.  It's delightful.  I love sausage and when I see a dish on the menu with it, I usually will try it.  And this was very good.  The sauce is made with pink vodka, it's very light and full of flavor.  They add some peas and onions and then toss in the ground sausage and pene pasta.  Each of the little pasta tubes is covered with the sauce and you can taste the cheese, creamy flavors exploding in your mouth with each bite.I would try this again.  Good food, great service, and a full menu that I would love to try, so we'll be back!
3	I wanted to give this place four stars but in the end I just couldn't do it. We went here monday night and got the carry-out special 18" cheese pizza for $10.99. We added pepperoni to if for $1.75 I think it was. We also ordered the chopped salad.The pizza was good. We used to go to Broadway on Sahara and Centennial until they bugged out. I would say both places are comparable as far a quality, but the pizza a Russo's was missing that slight herbal overtone that Broadway had. Also, they really wusseed out on the pep. I know I'm getting a good deal on the pie on a monday night, but you are the ones after all offering the deal so you should serve up the exact same pizza on a monday as you do on a friday. That said the pizza was a solid four stars.Where they lost the fourth star was on the chopped salad. The quality of the salad was great. The creamy balsamic dressing was wonderful. But at $10 for the salad, they really could have thrown some more greens in.
4	GREAT PIZZA and STROMBOLI!  the large pizza is HUGE.  that's about all i have ever tried here and i go back a couple times a month.  one of the best, if not the best pizza  i have had in las vegas....
5	Stopped in on a whim last night. We just wanted to go to a place where we could sit down and enjoy a good meal. This turned out to be that place. We started with the pasta fagoli. It was excellent. The taste perfect. A spot on taste of how it is meant to be. I had the chicken parminga with a side of spaghetti. I was so impressed with the sauce. I am a snob when it comes to Marina sauce. This is delicious. As good as mother made. The chicken was good I liked the flavor I just wish it was a Little thinner cutlet. That is just my preference. DH had the linguine with clams. Two dozen clams adorned the linguine. It was a huge portion cooked just right. Then the bread, perfectly crunchy, crusty Italian bread. Real butter. No room for dessert. Took home leftovers. The place is spotless. The owner very welcoming. The server was wonderful and attentive. We can't wait to go back.
5	ive only had the italian cheese steak, an thats enough to get 5 stars out of me.
5	Real NY style pizza. Just like I was home!
5	My wife and I have been here 5 or 6 times in the last month and a half. It is the best neighborhood Italian place I have found outside of NY. Everything we have ordered their from the chicken Parmigiana to the Marsala to the Pizza and the Penne in vodka with sausage and peas is perfect and homemade. the Meatball and chicken subs are great. Menu is somewhat limited and they don't do veal, but who cares. I cant wait for next week.
5	This place is great. Great Italian dishes and sandwiches. One of the best NY style pizzas that i have found in LV. The staff is very friendly. I suggest you give the place a try.
4	Delicious little pizzeria, tucked away in a small eatery center. Family owned, and with New York origins, this place was super cute, super clean, super delicious and super fresh. We ordered the Greek salad which was very fresh and crisp, the calamari which was so light and fresh and just downright delicious, the bucket of chicken wings (which did not come in a bucket but were instead served in a nicer oblong plate with the creamiest ranch dressing on the side) and the Russo's supreme pizza to which we added olives, ham, and jalapenos for a dollar each. All our appetizers were so light and fresh, that it really made the difference while we waited for our pizza. Usually appetizers will sit heavy and then by the time your entree comes, you don't really have room for more food, but not here, and I really think it's due to the way the food was prepared. Just as you would expect from a small, authentic, family-owned restaurant, our food was made with utmost attention and the freshest ingredients. I would give this place 5 stars if only our pizza order hadn't been messed up. While we had ordered a supreme with added toppings, when our pizza came out, it only had the 3 added toppings we had asked be added. Our server without hesitation immediately apologized and took it from us with a real "We're gonna make this right" attitude which we really appreciated. We would've been happy if the other toppings had been cooked aside and just tossed on our pizza, because not gonna lie, we were eager to eat it! But the chef made us an entirely new pizza, and he did so super quickly! We felt bad because our pizza was huge and we were worried the first pizza was gonna get tossed but when we asked for our to go box, our server boxed our left overs and came back with the first pizza in a box as well and we were so relieved because perfectly good food shouldn't be thrown out! Of course we weren't charged for the first pizza and now we have dinner for the rest of the week! haha. And despite that little mix-up, it was definitely a delicious experience and a much better option than a fast food pizza chain. Certainly much pricier, but worth it, considering all the food we got out of it!
1	I drove really far to get to this place and eat. I arrived ten minutes to closing time. The cashier told me they were "closed" because they had a slow night.This makes no sense to me. They are slow so they reject a customer?
4	I am a fan of Russo's.  Tried the pizza many times and it was very good for Vegas.   I tried the wings and they were cooked to perfection.  Recommend this pizzeria.
4	Great NY style pizza. Really good sauce and quality toppings. However, ours lacked a bit on the quantity of toppings and we'd like to have a few more shrooms and sausage on our pizza in the future.
5	wow! this is pretty good nyc pizza. those who know what im talking about will know the knowz. those that dont knowz wont knowz the knowz. after eating at elements me and my sister said that the pizza's would be our dessert.i got a slice of pepperoni and she got a slice of cheese. it was excellent. crispy crust, slightly salty sauce and cheese, and slightly chewy dough under the sauce and cheese. it wasnt even oily, although i like a little oil.keep in mind this was a slice and it tasted great. im sure it'd be way better if it was fresh out of the oven.
5	Words could not express how great this place is.......family run and staff is great. I recently took a NYC visitor and he was impressed, that says it all.....
5	Great family owned restaurant. The food was delicious and the service second to none. Everyone needs to come here and meet the owner Tony and his kids, Nicole Kristina and Joey, that work here. The pizza is great and the linguini with clams the best in the world. They made us feel home right away.
5	This is the closest my husband and I have come to NYC pizza in Vegas. The crust was thin enough, but next time we may as them to make it "well done"...we like it crispier.   Great tasting sauce. Good amount of cheese and toppings.  The only thing is that, I prefer loose sausage pieces over the sliceable sausage meat.Seems like a family owned place. The staff was very nice.  The decor is tasteful...way more inviting than other pizza joints. I like that each table has its own TV.   They don't serve alcohol.Coming back for sure...
4	It could be great. The sauce lacks enough flavor for my tastes. Seems a bit watery too. The staff was pretty friendly and attentive, but then again there are only 8 or so tables in there. The wings were pretty good and the fingers left a little to be desired. Loved the ranch.
5	Loved it! This is a hidden gem - well off the strip in Las Vegas that is worth the drive. My pizza was delicious! Thin-crust, FRESH ingredients, family owned place! The sausage was as good as I've tasted on any pizza. Really. The tomato sauce was obviously fresh. Wifey had linguine and clams and said it was the best she had ever had. The spicy broth had the "perfect amount of heat" she said. Her plate was FULL of clams too, btw. I highly recommend Russo's!
4	A place my fat ass and stingy wallet can agree on. I came here a couple times with my co-workers for lunch. For $4.99, you get two generous slices of pizza and a soft drink. They use pretty good quality ingredients; the dough is fresh made, they use special imported cheese, and they are generous with the toppings. The places is kind of small and it gets a little busy around lunch time. My street creds:I first got into cooking & food when I was in college. After being rejected by numerous girls and getting zero action, I decided it was time for a change. I needed a new makeover to boost my geeky image. I applied for a cooking position at a Mediterranean-Italian Restaurant near my home and learned to cook all sorts of dishes. I never became a professional chef, but I continue to enjoy & love food. 9 years later and 55 lbs heavier, I have a new passion for traveling and trying different foods around the world.
1	If you like the cook's hair baked into your stroboli then this is your place to come. We came here to be away from the strip. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME here. Service was horrible. Came in at 8:15 pm (they close at 9:00 pm) and the girl was not welcoming at all maybe cuz it was late. Pizza was good but pricey. My husband had a grey hair baked into his stromboli and when I told the young waitress girl she just said "oh ok" and took the plate with the piece that had the hair and continued her conversation with her friends. She ignored us the rest of the night. Wow!!! Will not go there again. I maybe would have added another store if there was an apology.
5	I went to Russo's one night to eat with my mom, and we had Rigatoni alla Russo. BEST pasta I've ever had !! I highly recommend it !!!! Great food great service such a great family environment! Love it !! GO THERE AND ENJOY. Most def deserves 5 stars more than that !! Can't wait to come back !
1	1 star is for Terrible service only! Only young girls are the servers so they are really lacking in customer service. You don't get the service you are expecting, they will not check on you after they give you your food and it takes them a while to take your order and the place is not even busy. I got up and refilled my own cup, she never came back to see if we needed anything.Food well... now that's another story....Pasta Fagoli is excellent, authentic Italian! Pizza is good.
4	Had a large pizza... normally I am not a fan of NY-style pizza, but this was pretty good!  Ultimately I believe it's a perfect combination of sauce, cheese, and crust that either makes or breaks a pizza.  The crust had a lot of flavor and was a good combination of soft and firm (so each slice would bend and flop, but was still strong enough to hold up all those toppings when you folded it)... and the cheese was tasty good... but there was very little sauce.  Next time i would order extra sauce on the pizza, but this time I ended up ordering an extra cup of sauce.  They were very accommodating, but the extra cup of sauce was cold.  They told me it would be... but it whatchagonnadoaboutit?   Anyway, the overall taste of the pizza was good, but the somewhat-sauceless pizza is my reason for the four-star rating.
1	Ordered take out the other night and brought our pizza home only to discover a water logged pizza soup in the box! I returned immediately and voiced my displeasure.What was Russo's solution? We'll make you another one, that's it. No refund, no coupon, no nothing. I have to drive there & back twice with a hungry family waiting for food and that was their way of fixing the problem.For a premium price they should be offering a premium service and a premium product, they're failing on both accounts. Customer service is barely there and their pizza has been consistently going downhill the past 6 months. Lack of toppings, consistency, quality and a young girl, who's always working, who doesn't understand customer service.We'll be searching for a new pizza joint after being unimpressed for quite some time now.
2	First order (February 2013): I picked up a Russo's special which was topped with pepperoni, sausage, mushrooms, bell peppers and onions.  The pizza was mediocre all the way and we were in no rush to order from here again.  Second order (September 2013): We had last minute guests coming over to watch the Sunday afternoon football games.  Since this is the closest pizza to my house, I gave it another shot and ordered a large sausage mushroom for pickup.  This pizza was actually pretty great.  Even our guests thought so and I was pleasantly surprised.  I couldn't believe this was the same place to be honest.  Third order (November 2013): An old buddy living in Boston was raving about chicken parm sandwiches around the Fenway area.  So that got me thinking to the last time I had a great chicken parm sub which was probably when Clinton was president.  I bit the bullet and got one to go.  Although the bread was decent, the chicken was bland and under seasoned as was the tomato sauce.  It was pretty blah overall.  The sub came with a small side of potato salad that was FROZEN.  My initial thought was that the crunch in my mouth was celery but it was ice!  Nice!  I called to inform them of this and the cashier simply just said "Sorry."  The owner called me 3 minutes later to apologize again.  He said there was something wrong with his fridge, everything froze over and blamed his cook for not noticing.I'll probably end up ordering from here again due to proximity but will drive that extra few miles to get pizza elsewhere for sure.  I wonder how many pizza chefs they have?  Maybe I need to obtain their shift schedule.
5	First thing I want to say is that this review is written by a New York City Italian girl !!  So ... if you want the truth ~ read on !!!  I live in the Northwest and this is quite a drive from my house.  But truthfully ~ it is ALWAYS worth it hands down.  I decided to read some of the reviews before posting mine and I was truly shocked to see how many cruel comments were written for Russo's Pizza Kitchen.  The pic someone took of the "pizza soup" was hilarous !!!  I clicked on it so I could view it better and it looked just like a New York pizza to me !!!  All yummy with cheese and sauce ... I could just see the oil dripping down my arm as I folded a piece and took a bite.  Ok ~ back to the review I'd like to leave (you can tell I'm from NYC ~ we tend to talk A LOT !!).  My husband always likes to have the linguine with white clam sauce and he dreams about it when he knows we are heading over to Russo's.  I absolutely LOVE their spinach calzone.  I'm in love with the sauce here ... and I have never had a problem with the service.  This is a small family pizzeria for crying out loud !!!  Not a 5 Star Restaurant !!!!  If you want personalized service ... you could dig into your pocket and get 5 Star Service.  As for me and my family ~ we like the feeling at Russo's as well as an always wonderful meal.
5	This is our go to pizza place!  Been meaning to post on here for a while!  They are so friendly and very accommodating.  We always Order the pepperoni pizza with extra thin crust well done and it is delicious. The Caesar salad is good.  Try this place.
3	Have yet to try anything else on the menu.  But their Italian Cheesesteak Sandwich is pretty good. When I ordered it to go the 1st time, my boyfriend ate the half I had left over and he liked it.  However as I'm sitting here eating the sandwich, I realized there was hardly any steak in it this time around. Minus a star for that.  Liked the fact that the restaurant had the old school pizza parlor feel to it, with the white and red checkered table covers.
5	Not sure if my review went through ~ but I want to thank the entire Russo family for an amazing night out for our family !!!  No one else in town would reserve a table for 18-20 people on a Saturday night.  Tony and his family were more than happy to accommodate us.  Not only were we greeted with Love Italian Style !!  ~ we enjoyed the most wonderful meal ~ something for everyone !!!  Highly recommend Russo's Pizza Kitchen for ANY occasion ... even if it's just a home delivered yummy pizza !!!
5	Great salads! The antipasto is my favorite, delicious every time. In fact I'm going to pick up one right now! That and the pepperoni roll, Mmmmm:)
5	We love Russo's! Truly one of the best pizza's in town! Have been coming here ever since since they have been in business! No one beats their prices and amazing taste. Russo's special pizza is delicious!
5	I Love Russo's! They have very delicious food. Their Pizza is the best in town!
4	I'll admit...every since Presto Cafe moved in next store, Russo's has not gotten my love nearly as much as it used to. Coincidentally, I've also cut down my carb intake so that is part of the reason (cheaters always try to justify their actions, right?). I love the feel of Russo's. It is a family run restaurant that treats their customers like friends. It had been at least 8 months since my last visit, and I genuinely thought the staff remembered me. That is always a nice feeling. On this trip, I went with my usual, fettuccine alfredo and a side salad. I love the side salad. First, its massive and easy to share. Second, the ranch is incredible. I don't know if they make their own ranch, but if not, I'd buy this stuff by the bucket. I also got garlic cheese bread which is always a winner. I am glad I ate here for lunch though, because of my lack of excess carb intake, I was ready to sleep by 3pm. It made me remember why I don't eat here very often, but not because of the food or the service. I just can't get away with falling asleep at 3pm. It can be tough going back to an old flame, especially when the new one is right next door. But when that old flame treats you well, you cannot say no.
5	I LOVE this place, the food is amazing never ordered the anything I didn't like, the family that owns the place treats you as if you are their family, so welcoming and pleasant. I come here all the time with my family service is always fast and food is great HIGHLY recommend this place to all!!!  Real Italian food with a smile to go with it !
5	Great food and friendly people. The cheese steak is different and one of the best that I ever had. One of my son's favorite restaurants!
2	This was my second time here.  First time, I tried the pasta and it was just ok, not great or remarkable.  This time, we ordered a large sausage pizza.  The pizza is ok, but nothing exceptional.  Sauce is ok, sausage was ok, the cheese I could barely taste and the crust I found to be chewy.  I've had better pizza elsewhere. I really wanted to like this little place as it is clean and friendly but just not sold on flavor for anything that I've tried so far and the server appears to be the daughter of the owner and she is running around to help everyone, but seems that they need another full time server as we never did receive a drink refill. I wouldn't say the food was bad, just more bland.
4	We've been back to Russo's on several occasions since our debacle... They've redeemed themselves by delivering a quality pizza that tastes good and is very fresh tasting.
5	By far the best pizza in Las Vegas! Reminds me of being home on the east coast. Pizza is perfect. The salads are equally as amazing (Greek salad is the best!) Parm sandwich was perfect. I haven't tried anything there that didn't taste good. Mmm. I want Russos tonight now!
5	Great humble atmosphere, and friendly staff all around. If I ever want pizza, I know this place will satisfy my needs. They are local, convient, and priced fairly. Any good review from other yelper's about this place is true, so I wont go into details; you'll just have to find out for yourself :)
5	They have an awesome stuffed pizza here A little overpriced almost 30bucks for it But maybe that's the reason why it's delicious haha Nothing bad to say about this place Looks nice and friendly inside to dine in too Friendly staff The chef or pizza maker is the owner itself has a couple of employees but most of the time its him himself making the pizzas Great place A++
1	I ordered a cheese pizza and wings for delivery last night. The pizza sauce tastes like bland tomato sauce from a can! It was so gross I couldn't eat more than a couple bites and I forced those down. I got sick because of how gross it was. My husband wouldn't even eat it and I have never known him to not only waste food but waste PIZZA! The wings... The flavor was merely okay! But they were tough! We threw almost all of it away! I have never had such BAD food in my life. I called back and politely informed the girl that it was so bad it made me sick and she apologized and said her manager would call me when he comes back in 2 days. I just received a call from him and he was immediately defensive. He called ONLY to inform me that the pizza couldn't have possibly made me sick! That I must have a virus! I told him NO... I am fine! The pizza was so disgusting I threw it up! And YES that CAN happen! Does he think he's a Doctor? He was completely unprofessional! I almost would've preferred he never called me back then call me back just to argue and be a cry baby about his pizza being disgusting! What a child! I will forever warn people now about not only the crappy food here but the rude and unprofessional manager!
5	I have gone here several times.  My favorite is their pasta.  Tastes fresh and delicious.  Pasta with clams is my favorite but I just tried their penne pasta and it was delish.  The pizza's are great too....tonight we had Russo's special.  The ingredients were fresh and the dough was wonderful.  My husband is hard to please and he felt that their pizza did not taste 'commercial' but fresh.
2	This gets 2 stars because of the friendly staff and the portion size.  They give you a half a garlic sourdough roll with your order and the spaghetti and meatballs was in an 8 inch round dish and one inch in depth, the food was piled high.  The problem comes in the taste...garlic bread has no taste at all, just bread with very light butter.  The sauce was bland and the meatballs had no taste whatsoever.  This place must be getting it's reviews on staff and portions size!
5	Hands down the best pizza in town with the freshest authentic ingredients....family run and the TV's at each table during sporting events doesn't hurt !
5	Russo's is the best pizza place in Las Vegas. I am originally a New Yorker and have tired ALL the well known Las Vegas pizza joints and I'll telling you the absolute truth.....they are the best! Service is excellent and always polite!!! Thank you Christina and Tony!
4	We use to always drive by this place but for some reason, just never stopped in. We decided to give it a try after a 5 hour trip back home from L.A. Ordered the linguine with meatballs, greek salad, and garlic bread. Everything tasted extremely fresh and homemade. I would've loved to have tasted more garlic on my garlic bread but the bread itself was delicious. I always think that the most important thing about any meal is the quality of the ingredients. Their pizzas looked good and we will definitely try it next time.
5	Great place!! The food is great quality and pricing. I've tried the pizza, apps, and salads and everything had been delicious. The owner is always there and checks to make sure you are happy. The staff is on it and friendly. It's cozy and family style inside, but they have tvs at the tables on the side which is pretty cool. I've been a customer for over a year and will keep coming back!
5	This is one of my favorite places in Vegas.  I go there at least once a week. I work around some of the best restaurants in the city, so I know good good. From the pizzas,  Russo ' s deli sandwich and pastas this place is top notch. Thanks Tony for a great place.
4	I came to Russo looking for some carb loading pasta dish night before long bike ride/run training day. I always wanted check out Russo since close to the house. Each time I make Presto Cafe run next door just reminder need check it out. I cam on Saturday night. I was surprise see the place jammed packed. The most part it seems like the place never fills out. On this night lucked out because scored the only table that was available. They do takeout so if worst came to worst could have done it. Thankfully I was able too enjoy my pasta fresh hot from kitchen straight to my table. I settled on "Our Signature Penne Pasta". I thought was pretty good. The Pink Vodka Sauce. Basically tomato cream sauce had nice balance between the two. Still had hint of Vodka. The italian sausage, peas, and onion was the perfect compliment. Peas tomato and cream beautiful thing by itself. The penne pasta was cooked spot on al dente. The portion size is no joke. It came in nice size bowl might not be deep bowl but nice and wide round dish filled with pasta. Thankfully was looking too carb load so could finish it all. All the pastas (I notice other customers portions) you could eat half now and rest later or leftovers. The price is really reasonable not saying cheap but not high end price would pay on the strip price. The bread that comes with your meal not bad. I wish the butter would have been softer. The whole menu most part is your standard italian dishes. They also offer catering options. Deliveries.The service was good. I know the only had one server and the place was packed. I just went up to the counter ordered then sat down. The only thing with service went to refill my own drink. It was busy but found it interesting other tables waitress was refilling their drinks. I atmosphere like that old school italian small family run business. The owner is very much on it from taking orderers, greeting people come in and out, and even helping bussing tables since busy had other customers waiting. Russo bringing food out in the restaurant. The whole table cloth the red and white checker board style. All the italian artwork mostly of food. If that not interesting can always check out sports on television. The table along the wall each one has it own television. I notice remote on each one. Not sure if allowed change them or not. No doubt looking for carb loading pre race or workout. Russo is great spot and one that sure will hit up again in the future...
4	I had their fried calamari this time and it was excellent! It comes served with a marinara sauce for dipping. ...See prior reviews for pizza. ...I dig this place. It is a must go-to, off the strip, family owned restaurant with GREAT food. ...My only complaint was the family bickering that I could clearly hear coming from the back kitchen area.
4	Cute little pizza joint with nice tvs at the tables against the wall. We ordered the garlic bread and asked for moz cheese on top. Came with marinara sauce. It was very good. We ordered the 12" Russo's Special and that was good as well. Next time I want to try one with tomato, basil and garlic. They were busy (Friday night) but it was worth the wait imo. U can tell they're trying hard to accommodate everyone in a tight place. I'm sure we'll be back. We also want to try the Alfredo and the lasagna some time.
5	Another fabulous dinner at Russo's !!! Went in thinking pasta ANYTHING but changed my mind when I saw people at the next table eating Sicilian pizza !! It looked amazing so I had to order it ... and I was NOT disappointed !!! It was seriously the best Sicilian I've had in many many years !! Thank you Tony ... for keeping your product real.
4	Stopped in last night and ordered a large pepperoni pizza, a traditional calzone, and a bucket of wings to go. The atmosphere was nice, I would definitely come and eat here in the future, the service was great! They were quite busy and the girl gave me a free drink while I waited which was very nice! About 15 minute wait which wasn't bad for all the stuff I ordered and for how busy they were. The pizza was awesome, one of the best I've had in a long while, great crust! The calzone was quite tasty too but I wasn't crazy for the ham, I would get pepperoni next time. The wings were nice and crisp and I would have given this place 5 stars if they hadn't forgotten my side of hot sauce! We will definitely be back soon!
1	I saw lots of positive reviews, so I decided to give them a try.  I ordered the 18" Carmine's Special.Customer service was great, very friendly.  The pizza however was terrible. Crust tasted like it was previously frozen, very bland. The pizza overall lacked flavor.  Didn't seem like there was much pepperoni or sausage on the pizza, but plenty of onion/bell peppers.I rarely don't finish pizza, but there's no chance. I've got half a pizza left over in the fridge, and that's going into the trash. Not impressed.
1	Thought i would give them a try as they have so many great reviews,, im not sure why? Unless i just had a bad experience with them. I orered 2 pizzas and some chicken, the girl who answered the phone was very fast and quite rude, didnt even reapet my order back to me, so i was concerned to start with, after 45 minutes still no food, i phoned them again to confirm my order, they still had no time for me, even if they were busy there is no excuse, was bluntly  told that all deliveries had left, then they hung up the phone. 1 hour and 23 minutes after my order the food arrived, the driver was friendly. But unforuntatly the pizza was cold, maybe thats why it didnt taste very nice, just a bad experience..
5	I really can't say much about the menu selections because we only ever get the pizza but the pizza is awesome and so much better than those big, impersonal chain places. This place is right around the corner, the people are always friendly and accommodating to us and I'll never go anywhere else.
5	My daughter introduced me to her favorite pizza place last night.  Many thanks!  We ordered by phone and it was ready for pickup when promised.  The toppings were exactly as we requested and the folks there were cheerful and friendly.  When we got it home and dug in, it was everything she told me it would be.  Very fresh and tasty and NOT smothered in garlic.  Some places seem to think it's ok to let garlic overpower all the other ingredients, but not Russo's.  Thanks for the great pizza!  I'll be back for more.
5	Pizza is always great... Try the Russo Special.  Staff is friendly and attentive.  Kids enjoy the chicken Parmesan, pasta & meatballs.  Great atmosphere with individual TV's at each table...
4	The Tomato Basil Garlic pizza is delicious! My only complaint would be the lack of sauce.
5	When it comes to Italian Restaraunts, probably too many here in Vegas. But this is definitely a jewel that sticks out. Pizza is Pizza and it's good but what really sticks out are the non pizza items. I really liked the chopped Salad. We also had those clam shells and the difference is in the soup part. I didn't want to waste the rest after eating all the clams so I just used some bread,soaked it in and ate it. The chicken fingers were perfect, not too bready. I'll tell you what sticks out and you would think an Italian Kitchen doesn't have it. But their cheesecake is absolute bomb. It was the perfect texture. Even shared it with a couple from New Jersey and they even said its just as good if not better than Junior's in NY or Carnegie..Check it out, and yes you can scrape the cheesecake off the plastic wrap and not feel guilty
1	The cook / pizza maker is an amateur.  It takes 1 hour to make a pizza and it was undercooked and stale.  The ingredients were very old.  The way the pizza was placed in the box was a mess.  There is no customer service.  It looks like this place is due for a health inspection which will result in a "C" grade.
