4	This is a little out of the way for me, but if I'm in the area it servers well for lunch. The shrimp are battered to perfection and served with amazing hot sauce, and the standard fish is also deep fried to death (perfect if you're in a greasy-food mood). They also offer tilapia, cod, salmon, oysters, scallops, clams, etc... Not a huge fan of their chips (greasy fries), but with the wide selection of fish and low prices this is a dependable lunch. Definitely a step up from Long John's.Coupons on their website:http://www.sullivanspier.com/
3	The PlaceFrom the outside there is nothing striking about Sullivan's Pier - it seems that the family took over a previous fast food restaurant?  Inside is decorated with naval/seafaring trinkets from nets, to crabbing traps, to lamps, and anchors.  The tables down the center of the restaurant are also really cool.  The clear table top has sand, shells, and assorted other beach-combing dried things underneath.  It makes for an interesting conversation piece.  The odd thing is that the tables seemed about 9-12 inches too short for the booths they were between.  Not a big deal, but it felt weird.The FoodI ordered the fish & chips "special" with Alaskan White Fish, french fries, and a drink for $5.  The fish and chips were both served hot and crispy, just as they should be, but otherwise it was unremarkable.  The batter was really crunchy, which some may like, but I prefer the "beer battered" crispy and airy type of fried fish.  The fish was thin, in my mind too thin for proper fish & chips, if I go back I'll try the cod which should be larger chunks.  The chips were standard fries, nothing out of the ordinary.  There were plenty of sauces to dip your crispy bits in; tartar sauce, cocktail sauce, spicy ketchup, ketchup, malt vinegar, and maybe one or two more.  My daughter wasn't sure about the fried fish, so we ordered her a piece of grilled salmon.  Then she tried my fish and decided she liked it, and proceeded to eat half of it - she's learned well from her mommy.  :)  The salmon was dry and tough - overcooked for sure.  I think it's on the menu for them that don't want fried food, to which I would counter, why are you going to a chipper?The Bottom LineThe value proposition is there, for $5 you get fish, chips, and a drink, and come away satisfied.  I'm still in search for the same quality of fish & chips I experienced in Ireland ... which I may not find here in AZ.  If you're in the mood for fish & chips, try Sullivan's Pier - it will satisfy the itch - and it's a family run operation so you can feel warm and fuzzy that you're helping keep more money in state.(edit: I believe they may be using Panko breadcrumbs/batter to fry their fish ... just FYI that it's not a light crispy beer batter type fish)
4	I ended up meeting a friend on the east side of town for dinner a few nights ago.  Since my wife isn't a huge fan of seafood we tend to go to all the places my wife doesn't like when we catch up.  My friend suggested sullivans pier, we used to go there years ago for fish and chips.  The restaurant seems to have moved or opened a new location on Southern Ave.  Nothing much for decor, seems to be a former burger king.  We were both drawn in by the coconut platter.  1 side, 2 HUGE coconut shrimp, and 2 big pieces of coconut whitefish for around $8. we also shared some friend mushrooms.  The shrimp were fairly fresh and tasty, the tropical sauce they server with the paltter is very good.  the fish were crispy and satisfying, and I tend to be a bit of a purist with fish and chips usually just Malt vinegar, and a lemon wedge, occasionally tartar sauce. The last time we had seafood together we went to Red Lobster and were underwhelmed with about the same amount of food except it cost around $60 for two.I only wish I had something like this on the westside of town.
5	RIP Sullivan's Pier.
