4	When the tire on my rental car was damaged, the rental company brought me and the car to this Firestone.  I thought I'd have to wait for hours, but the service was efficient and the people were very courteous and attentive. Special thanks to Curt who kept his cool.
1	The first time I came in here, they gave me a good tire at a fair price and didn't take too long despite the fact that they were busy and I walked in at the last minute. Pleased with my first experience, I decided I'd come here the next time I needed a tire replaced.Fast-forward one month. I come in expecting the same thing as last time, only this time I have an appointment. They start off by telling me that the last tire I got was "a promotion that ended last month," and that they intend to charge me $15 more for a cheaper tire. I should have walked out the moment they suggested this, because what followed was your classic auto-shop screwing.They tell me it'll be about an hour to get the new tire on, despite my appointment. If you gave me 20 minutes with the equipment they have, I could have put 4 new tires on in that time. An hour later they call me back saying they need to rotate the tires, and that'll take ANOTHER hour. They persist on calling me back several to remind me how my car isn't finished, but that they would love to sell me more services that my car doesn't need.I finally return two and half hours later to find my car sitting in their driveway looking like it wasn't fixed at all. The "new" tire has bloated spots that are eager to blow out at any minute, my special valve caps which check the tire pressure for me have been stolen, and the whole car looks unbalanced.That last point is crucial, since THEIR POOR WORKMANSHIP COULD HAVE KILLED ME. I checked the tightness on the bolts a few days later and found that they were about one pothole away from sending the front driver-side tire from flying right off my car and flipping it in what would have been a spectacularly bloody end to my life. I didn't even need a tire jack to confirm that every single bolt was loose, along with several more on all the other tires.Their tire is barely a month old and it already looks like it's nearing its death. And they must have known this, because they refused to give me a warranty on the tire despite doing so on the last one. Fortunately, they offer me "free checkups"!Don't worry about the checkups. I won't be doing business with you ever again.
1	As a female, the male service clerk was condescending and tried to rip me off, I've continuously have had problems here. They put tires on my car and the next day it broke down. I took it to a trusted mechanic and they said new tires never should have been put on this car because the frame is so rusted it's about to crack in half.  Firestone did a full auto check and never said one word about the unsafe rusted frame. East side Firestone is where I go: Bill is extremely helpful.
3	Contrary to the negative reviews below, I thought the Firestone employees were very professional. They didn't act condescendingly even though I am a female with very limited car knowledge. I made an appointment for a full vehicle check up, dropped off my car and was able to pick it up 1.5 hours later. They gave a me a pretty detailed list of everything that I needed to have done (routine maintenance and also things they discovered during the checkup), but I was not pressured at all to pay for any of the services. I am planning on comparing their prices to a few other places before a decide on one place for all the fixes.The checkup cost me a total of $10+change, including tire maintenance at no additional charge, which is really convenient. It helps that the Firestone is in a shopping plaza - you can kill time by shopping/eating while you are waiting for your car.  (:
5	Matt totally saved me when I would have been stranded on a 0 degree day.  Went above and beyond for excellent and very rapid customer service.  He was also very respectful and courteous. Thank you!
1	I wouldn't go here again, although the staff was seemingly "nice" I don't know if they know what they are doing in the back. Went in to get my headlight bulbs replaced, they forgot to replace two screws that hold the entire headlight assembly in place ( luckily I noticed right after it was done), and now my headlights are all askew, so they either forgot to adjust them or didn't know how. I'd do it myself if I could, but then again, I don't work at a car service center.
1	Pros: Timely service; straightforward pricing; little to no upsellingCons: $800 later, my car has the same issues it had before I visited Firestone.My car started dying whenever I accelerated after slowing or stopping (turns, red lights, etc). When it did accelerate instead of dying, it was extremely jerky. I did a little research online and figured I might need new spark plugs. Firestone ran their electronic diagnosis ($100) and said yes, it was the spark plugs - and about five other issues (ignition housing, etc, etc). All told, the repairs would cost $700.My car isn't new (14 years old) and this was the first time it's needed any repairs since I got it last year. So I paid the $700 and picked my car up a day later. The acceleration was noticeably smoother and the car didn't die -- for a grand total of 24 hours. Not a day after its Firestone visit, my car reverted to its jerky, dying ways.I called Firestone immediately and asked for a new appointment, but they were booked for the week. My car kept dying in potentially dangerous situations -- crowded intersections, busy roads, etc. When I finally got back to Firestone, they ran another diagnostic test (for free, thank goodness). This time, they said something was wrong with my transmission and that I should get the car's computer reflashed.When I directly asked the repair person, "Why is my car having the exact same problems that it was having before you fixed it?" the man said, "Honestly, I have no idea."At least he was honest.(Also of note: I called a different repair shop about getting the computer reflashed, and they were adamant that reflashing wouldn't help when I described my car's problems.)
2	I waited 31/2 hours for my tires to be changed. I was tild it would take half that time. No one came to tell me it would be longer or why. When I mentioned how long it had been they didnt acknowledge it was an inconvenience.  The waiting room was not busy so I dont know why they dint communicate wih me.
4	I've been here a few times in the past and it was not the best experiences of my life. Apparently they have had some management and employee changes and the service has gotten much better. I worked with Mike (the store manager) directly and he made sure that everything was good for me. The price was reasonable, the quoted times were accurate. Will go again.
