4	If you LOVE to eat you will LOVE the BITE of Las Vegas!! Everything from BBq,Mexican,Fine Dining,Chinese,Burgers and lots more.We sample several booths as you can see from the pics. My favorite of course @hashhousegogolv and the pork tenderloin sandwich. But thats just me being an Iowa boy.Not only does this event have top notch music for CHEAP-Admission is ONLY $8 per person.They always have 4-5 headlining bands like this year : @parachute @blueoctoberband @Uncle_Kracker @train plus another 1/2 dozen or so bands playing on both stages. Personally I really enojyed Imaginary Dragons!. @train did cancel because someone in the band was ill. 1st ever canceled show by the band. The show did go on....There's was also a small midway with rides and games for the kids including a rock climbing wall and carnival food stands like kettle corn,corn dogs,funnel cake and more.The main walk featured about 50 restaurant boothes serving food and drinks with GREAT PRICES-everything iwas UNDER $5!!! Did I mention admission was only $8!Several booths like @PortofSubsLV offer even CHEAPER deals like $2 sandwiches & drinks.CanyonRanch had kabobs 2/$3 and @hashhouseagogolv had sandwiches for ONLY $4.The only knock on the event is parking but what can you really do with this many people wanting to park close enough not to have to be bussed in.I'd love to see the event go for 2 days!!! That would be cool!!!
4	My sister and I went to the original venue held at the Fashion Show Mall parking lot, years ago- just wanted to show you how long I've known about it. We've gone a few times in the larger location- it's gotten huge (ie. packed crowd, so just a warning). The entrance fee has gone up, but you can get a four pack on www.lasvegashalfoff.com for $18. No outside food or coolers allowed. Where else can you sample food from so many different restaurants at one time? It's like a super food court outside (but way better! most food courts don't impress me anymore, except Hawaii's Ala Moana) with live music (MIx 94.1 FM artists) and events scheduled- except the prices range from $1-$5 for smaller portions. One year, I got a humongous slice of Key Lime Pie for $1.00. The weather is just right at this time of year. The park, located on the west side, is such a nice one, that you can enjoy the grounds. It's a nice family thing to do. And the food choices are amazing. Make your rounds before deciding on what you really want or you'll be sorry.We used to go to the San Gennaro Italian Festival but it's gotten pretty pricey for food and admission, that the whole thing cost us about $50 and this was a five years ago. This one's much better. Maybe, I can get my hubby to go this year. It's been a while. Food coma time.
3	If this were 2009, I would give it four stars.  This is my fourth consecutive year attending Bite of Las Vegas and unless my eyes are playing tricks on me, there were noticeably fewer food booths this year.  I had some Hash House and H & H Barbeque.  Both were great.  On the way out of the festival, I grabbed an LBS burger (yes, I grubbed hard).  Never eaten at the actual restaurant, but I was not impressed.  To me, there's just something so wrong about ketchup on a burger.As far as the bands were concerned, I didn't make it to the headliner because I had to cut out early, but overall, the concert lineup was not as good as it has been in the past.  I will definitely be back next year, but I would like 94.1 to get some better acts. Ryan Starr? Seriously?  On a positive note, this festival remains one of the best values.  Unlike San Genaro Feast (which I have stopped attending), drinks and food are yummy and really reasonably priced.
3	This was my third year attending Bite of Las Vegas. Is it just me or is Switchfoot the main headliner EVERY year? I was very excited to hear that Sara Bareillis was performing as she is one of my favorite artists. I agree with Heather, even though there were the same amount of booths as last year, there were noticeably less FOOD booths. I even noticed some booth's charging $6 for certain items, I thought all portions were to be between $1-$5. The parking situation was HORRIBLE, I knew not to park in the Flamingo/Twain but I was still stuck in the rocky gravel. It would be fine if they had some kind of control of the aisles. Their were huge gaps between rows and cars that could have made parking a lot easier for many. My friend mistakenly went to the Flamingo lot and was told the only way out was to jump the curb, in a Honda Accord! That is unacceptable at an event where there is an entrance fee. They should have enough money from ticket sales to afford proper parking attendants. Less American Idol rejects, more parking attendants!The food was really good and I definitely overindulged, I do like the layout of the event. You basically make a loop and try out whatever you want.
4	I'll be the first to admit - I'm a high maintenance lady! I hate lines, crowds, and in general I'm not big on festivals. After having a mental breakdown at both Lollapalooza and Taste of Chicago, I had basically decided I was too old for festivals and needed to give up trying. This my friends is a festival even this high maintenance lady can handle. The parking isn't all that bad if you arrive early-ish in the day (like in the first 3-4 hours!), and from parking to festival entrance we're talking 10 mintues. Not a big deal. I do think it sucks to pay admission AND pay for all the food, but I know they are raising money for charity so whatever. The food here is usually pretty good. It's not gourmet, but it does the trick. My main issue is most of the food is sizeable portions for like $5. Ok, it's called BITE of Las Vegas, I'd like to try lots of mini portions for $1-$3. Some places get the concept, but most didn't. At Taste of Chicago, for instance, each booth has to do a mini portion for like $1 or $2. I wish they'd kind of mandate that each place did one "BITE" portion for a small price, then sell freaking meal sized portions for those that want it. My husband and I usually split 3-4 $5 items before passing out into a food coma - I usually end up wishing my stomach and wallet had room to try more of the appealing items offered, but they are too damn big. My other minor complaint is I wish there were more seating. It gets fairly crowded under the few tents they have with chairs. I guess I could plan ahead and pack a blanket or something? I'm never that clever though. Overall it's fairly inexpensive, it's low key, and it has food - my kind of event. I've been 3 years in a row now and had a good time every year.
4	They have the best food from all over Vegas!
2	Not enuff handy-cap parking
5	This review is for the 2012 Bite of Las Vegas.  I had never been before.Holy cow this thing was awesome.  I didn't show up until 7pm and it closes at 8pm so I was a little apprehensive but my gf still wanted to go.  I'm so glad we did.  Parking was FREE but it's at this really rocky dirt lot and I can't help but wince at thinking of what the poor tires are going through driving over all those rocks.  It was 15 bucks at the door, which let us in to a grassy area with a bunch of food trucks/tents.  We had just missed the Counting Crows concert, and we knew Matchbox 20 was going to be on soon, so we didn't have a chance to shop around.  I was seriously wondering if we kind of made a mistake coming here so late and if this would be a ripoff.We found a vendor with no line (Bahama Breeze), grabbed a plate of habanero wings and fries for $5, and gorged on that while waiting in the longer line for H&H BBQ.  10 more bucks got us a sampler bbq plate and fried catfish.  Yum.  Then Matchbox 20 was on and well, that was the reason for this 5 star review.Amazeballs.  The first thing they do is come out and say... "Hey everyone we love you for coming out here, and I know we're supposed to close at 9 but we are just gonna play until they kick us out".  Suddenly my respect for Matchbox 20 just went up several notches.  I didn't realize just how many songs of theirs I had heard on the radio over the years.  They sure were one of those bands I hear in the background on the radio, kind knew their name and all, but never really knew anything about them.  Really love how energetic they were and how dedicated they are to showing appreciation to their fans (or in my case winning over a new one).Anyway now I'm totally kicking myself for not coming to this thing earlier.  Still, 15 bucks alone is totally worth a two hour Matchbox 20 concert.  Everything else was gravy.  I can't imagine the value this thing would have been if I got to see Counting Crows as well, plus had a chance to gorge myself on much more of the food.  Definately can't wait to come back.
4	I love this event. I look forward to it every year. This year was special. They always have a lineup of artists to preform but this year the headliner was Matchbox Twenty! The "bite" started at 11 am but we decided to go at 3 pm to avoid being in the sun too long. There was parking in a dirt lot across the street and it was free. All the food ranged in price from $1-$5. We checked out the food booths and tried the following:"Texas De Brazil" was something we have already eaten at the restaurant but couldn't resist a bite of what they had. For $5 we got a sampler that  included a piece of Bacon Wrapped Chicken, Sausage, Garlic Steak and a Roll. This was worth every penny! So flavorful and the people working the booth were very friendly."Martorano's" is a restaurant inside "The Rio" and it is on the upscale side so this was the perfect place to try something like this and not have to wear a skirt or pay menu price! We split a "Philly Cheesesteak" that had caramelized onions, american cheese and was on a crusty roll. They were charging just $5 for the same size sandwich they would charge $16 for at the restaurant. It was very cheesy and tasty. I would defiantly eat it again but not for $16."La Salsa" had the best deal of the day. They were offering Steak or Chicken Tacos for only $2. We got a Margarita for $5 and 2 Steak Tacos. They were generous with the meat and cheese and it was very good."Molly Malone's Pub" (who was there is also apart of "Kavanaugh's", "Sean Patrick's", "Morrissey's", and "Mad Matty's Bar & Grill") had a booze only line and then a food and drink line. We just got a Coke that was $2 and "Pretzel Sticks" that were $1.50 on the menu but he only charged us $1. They were 2 BIG Pretzel Sticks and it came with a homemade cheese sauce for dipping. It was very tasty and I would like to eat at one of their Pubs to try other food.Everyone was friendly there was plenty of security and police on hand keeping an eye on things. They always have someone emptying the trashes and keeping it clean.The only complaint I have is that there aren't any chairs unless you pay for a VIP section. It is hot during the day and standing for several hours is tough! The concert stage is nice and we were pleased with how close we were. Matchbox Twenty rocked the park!
4	I came across this event while browsing Yelp for stuff to do. I was somewhat disbelieving when I finished reading the advert for this food festival and they tagged on to the end, almost as an afterthought, that there would be a bit of live music...including Ed Sheeran! The line up changed a few times (originally Alanis Morisette was appearing) and I was waiting for Sheeran's name to disappear too. I checked again before leaving for the event, his name was still there, due to play towards the end of the 11-9 day.Having parked for free, in the quickly filling field across the road, I walked into the Desert Breeze Park for a minimal fee of $15. This was obviously well advertised, most of the area in front of the stage was already a patchwork of blankets. The smell of food immediately made me hungry. Every 20 yards brought a new aromatic assault; barbeque, asian, burgers. Each stall had to have dishes for $5 or less...many were $3. These were all tasters from local restaurants, stall holders talked about their restaurant and gave out tickets for 20% off when you next eat there.After eating my body weight in garlic chicken and rice I went to find a position at the front of the growing crowd by the stage (using my freshly garlicked breath to my advantage). It seemed everyone there was waiting for Sheeran to take to the stage, the organisers obviously knew this and put on the less popular bands first. It was becoming a battle of wills...who would give up their spot in the blazing sun to bathe their heads, for a moment, in the relative coolness of the shade? I gave up...two more acts to go...I found a large truck to sit under and guzzle water, but on hearing the crowd roar I was able to squeeze into, maybe, the third row back. Ed Sheeran is AMAZING! He was just on stage for 25 minutes (10minutes more than I banked on) but it was totally worth it.This event was real treat. The food was great, the guys on the stalls weren't pushy, the music was awesome. If there was a downside to the day, it was not being able to get out of the sun. Although fans were being handed out for free and you could buy water, I would suggest next year that hats and sun umbrellas be on sale and the limit, of bringing only one bottle of water with you, be lifted. The crowd thinned out a lot after Sheeran and I know, for me, if it had been cooler or more shady, I'd have stuck around for more garlic chicken and rice :)
5	This year was the first time I had gone to this event. In short I LOVED IT!!I had seen a commercial on tv and heard Ed Sheeran was going to be there, I bought my tickets the next day. My plan was to go a little later in the day to avoid the heat since Ed wasnt going on until 5pm, but the group I went with wanted to go earlier to see a band that was playing at 12pm. I will say that the heat was a bit overbearing at times. They were passing out hand fans that helped and of course freezing cold beer! If you act interested enough you can find some shade at a few vendors too. You can also walk down into the park and find a nice shady tree to sit under. We were close enough to still hear the music and thats where we enjoyed most of our food.I thought everything was well priced. Ticket $15, Parking Free, Drinks $3-5, Food $1-5. I ended up spending 40 bucks for the entire day from 11:30am to 6pm (LONG day) but well worth it. My only intention was to go see Ed Sheeran play, but I was actually glad that I got the full experience!! The only thing I was turned off about (besides the heat) was that people had shown up early (even earlier then me) and "set up camp" by laying out full size blankets and sheets in front of the stage. Only leaving a few inches in between to walk through. It was pretty annoying when trying to make our way to the stage and tip toeing around them. I was actually surprised when we got dirty looks or even a comment or two for stepping on their disgusting dirty blankets. All in all I would definetely go back! Even if one of my favorite artists wasnt playing.Oh and Ed Sheeran was AMAZING. Which was no surprise!
5	As a loyal listener to Mix 94.1, I've wanted to go to BiteLV for YEARS, but was stopped by high school extracurriculars, going off to college, and life in general. Nothing would stop me in 2012. Matchbox Twenty as the headliner? Counting Crows on the lineup? All the noms I could possibly of in one area? $15 for pre-sale admission? You had me reeled in before you even cast the bait.The event lasts from 11 am to 9 pm, but you can come whenever you'd like. Just remember that there's no re-entry. There were so many food venues to choose from that everyone will find something they'll like at a cost of $3 to $10 per item. I picked up a delicious chicken gyro and fried calamari from the Mad Greek Cafe booth.Event logistics seemed well-organized with their volunteers and security definitely on top of their duties. The booths had ample space for lines and even small dining areas. If you're willing to shell out the extra cash, there is a raised VIP section behind , but I personally love the feel of standing close to the outdoor stage.The live music left me speechless. I managed to make my way through the throng of Ed Sheeran fangirls to the front of the crowd, so my short Asian self had a great view of the stage for Counting Crows and Matchbox Twenty. Can I just say that they really know how to put on a show? An extended set until MB20 gets kicked off the stage? Seriously, it's a dream come true for this almost lifelong fan.Every minute was worth it. From parking my car on the rocky dirt lot to watching my favorite band in concert live for the first time, this event was hands down worth all the waiting and the money. Mix 94.1's gonna have a hard time topping this one.
5	I've been coming to Bite of Las Vegas every single year since I moved here. Lots of food plus music, heck yeah! Great combo in my book. They do it when it's no longer unbearably hot in Vegas.You get a map before you enter. The admission fee isn't bad. They did bump the price to $25 this year but still. Different bands/singers in one place...that's a steal! They had Train, Sarah Bareilles, Counting Crows, etc in previous years. This year was One Republic, Matt Nathanson, Better Than Ezra, Goo Goo Dolls and others. I was stoked to watch BTE and GGD! Hello 90's!Restaurants/ businesses that participated this year include Texas de Brazil, Edible Arrangements, Via Brazil, Funnel Cake Cafe, H&H BBQ, Braddah's, Skinnyfats, McCormick and Schmick's (our first stop this year. Hi Sarah Marie! ^_^), La Belle Terre, Stripburger, Voodoo, Nothing Bundt Cake and many others. I'm surprised Whole Foods and Serendipity weren't here this year. You can get food for $2 and some combos for about $5...and they're small enough portions where you can hop from one place to another to try other goodies.As usual, we got free food, alcohol and other stuff. Parking is quite complicated but did I say free stuff? Also, don't plan on using the bathroom when you come here.The highlight of the evening for me was "Iris" by Goo Goo Dolls. Oh my, Johnny Rzeznik still looks the same! Mix 94.1, Mark and Mercedes...awesome event! 'Til next year...
4	This is my second time at Bite and I enjoyed the bands this time more than last. However I was not impressed with the food vendors. The last time I was here it was food truck after truck. This time there was only one food truck which was Sauced and I did enjoy them. I had Braddah's and Skinny Fats as well as Drinks from Big Dog Brewery. We purchased the VIP tickets which gave us access to free food, beer, a covered tent and seating area as well as separate Port-a-pottys. We arrived around 11:30 and stayed until 5ish. I enjoyed all the performances the concert alone is 5 star but because the name has the word bite in it.. Minus one star for too many chain restaurants and not enough local flavor.
4	My wife and I had wanted to go to this for years.  We opted for the VIP tickets with the free drinks to include Budweiser products and water as well as 3 plates of free food.  We also had our own VIP covered area and 4 porta pottys.  We arrived at approximately 1230pm.  I was worried about parking, but it was well organized and easy to park.  The band lineup was great.  Plain White T's, One Republic, Better Than Ezra, Matt Nathanson and of course the Goo Goo Dolls.  We especially loved The Plain White T's, Matt Nathanson and the Goo Goo Dolls!  The Goo Goo Dolls were incredible!  Great opportunity to see so many great bands for the money!  The sound was also very good for an outdoor venue.  The weather was great as well.  Maybe a high of 85 and a slight breeze!  We did the Fremont St. free concert to see HInder in July and it was simply too damned hot to enjoy.  102 degrees at 930pm!!!The food for the VIP was provided by Top Dog Catering.  The food, especially, the kabobs, were incredible.   The only negative was the amount provided.  We were each given a wristband that included three numbered tabs to get food.  The food was pretty sparse by 8pm.  Most of the trays were empty and people were waiting 15 or minutes in line for more food to be brought up from the grilling area.  Overall, an incredible value for the money.  We will definitely be back next year.A couple suggestions for next years VIP section.  The chairs provided in the front of the tent were nice.  The little tables inside were nice as well.  However, a LOT of people in VIP did not get a chair or table and had to sit on the floor.  Maybe provide a chair for every VIP ticket you sell, or simply not sell so many VIP tickets?
3	I really enjoyed this event. I didn't eat much food, but there were LOTS of food vendors to please your appetite.  This was my first year going and I look forward to going next year.  I didn't arrive until mid afternoon so I missed some bands I was hoping to see.  However, I got to see Purple Rain, One Republic and GooGoo Dolls perform a few songs before we left early to beat the crowd. Which brings me to the reason I'm only giving 3 stars.  As I said, we left 1 hour before the concert was over, it took us approximately 15 minutes to get to the vehicle.  It took us ONE HOUR to get out of the parking lot.  There was very little organization to the parking lot I was located at. Apparently people who were far behind me began fighting. Thank goodness I wasn't in that crowd.  When the concert let out, everything got worse.  So I'm hoping you all fix the parking issue or find a bigger park with ample parking and organization to boot!
5	To be fair I was a volunteer with the burn foundation for this event so it was free to attend. However next year I plan to get VIP tickets. This event was ALOT of fun! they have a good system set up for entry which prevents long waits. The variety of food options is amazing and for a small price you get to try all sorts of food. Sauced came out on a list of favorites that I tried.Not to mention a amazing line up of artists performing.So many local companies show up and give out fun little goodie bags. Over all this was tons of fun and I can't wait till next year!
5	I always enjoy the line up of artists...this year they had Kobe Kaliey,  Daughtry and The Script.... They saved the best for last, Danny O'Donahue is fantastic!!  He really interacted with his fans. He really made my day.. I hope to revisit every year.
5	This rating is heavily weighted toward the music. Why? First, I've been hyped ever since I saw the lineup of performers for Bite of Las Vegas 2014. Along with local band Offset Season and the relatively obscure Heffron Drive were Lindsey Stirling (superstar in the making, surprised to see her so early in the day), American Authors (solid up-and-coming band), and several artists you've definitely heard on pop-rock radio (O.A.R., Colbie Caillat, Daughtry, the Script).At the same time, I wasn't as impressed with the food lineup. Nothing jumped out as a must-try, and many of the vendors were regional or national chains. I set the bar so low on food that I even chose to eat lunch before arriving. However, at the actual event, I was impressed that prices didn't seem exorbitantly high. I was thinking of going for Stripburger for their $4 burgers, but consistently long lines in the second half of the event deterred me. Water bottles were actually $2, and the places from which I bought water bottles were nice enough to keep them on ice (which ended up being a bad thing when the evening turned unexpectedly chilly). Alcohol was at least $4, but I ignored it completely.I did try some food. My friend's garlic fries from Stripburger could've used more crispiness, but nobody at any food festival serves that sort of reasonable portion for just $2. I also had a piece of a smoked salmon bruschetta from Culinary Dropout, which won best seafood bite as judged by three local culinary figures whose names and roles I can't recall. Not too salty, nice balance from the tomato and diced beets, but bread was uncooked. The rest of the components saved it. Finally, I ended up settling on a $5 pepperoni deep dish slice + bottled water (so basically a $3 slice) from the relatively line-less Amore Taste of Chicago. I will give them credit for having the dough properly cooked. The main issue was a little too much sweetness, but it was a serviceable slice otherwise.Music time. This lineup looked better than the previous few years' lineups, which I'm guessing is why I didn't take notice during those years. It delivered for sure. The parts of Heffron Drive's set that I listened to were pretty solid. I gravitated toward the stage for Lindsey Stirling and was rewarded by watching her energetic, stage-circumnavigating dancing from not more than 20 feet away. Oh, and very solid violin work as well, even through the spins and leaps. She deserved far more than the half hour that she was allotted.Took a break from standing during the next two artists' sets. Unfortunately, that means that I didn't get to see American Authors' lively three vocalist songs up close, or O.A.R.'s 45-ish minutes of solid and somewhat uplifting songs. I went back into the now-crowded standing section for Colbie Caillat and was rewarded with more solid singing and a valuable message to the ladies in the crowd about not "getting dolled up" if they were only doing it for perceived external pressures.Last two acts definitely gave Lindsey Stirling a run for her money. Daughtry actually performed an acoustic set, with two guitars and one keyboardist at most, and at least one song with only the piano and vocals. I'd forgotten how good he's supposed to be live, and I was pleasantly reminded throughout the entire hour. The acoustic nature of the set made it even better because they allowed Chris Daughtry to shine vocally (as well as local boy Elvio Fernandes, who contributed vocals while tickling the ivories).The Script got ridiculous. If you didn't try to get close to the stage for Daughtry or even for Colbie Caillat, then you were out of luck, especially with people raising their hands for enjoyment and/or photography. While the three members of Daughtry just sat on stools, these guys were on their feet (well, not the drummer), and the lead vocalist even made his way through the energetic crowd during one song. Another great live act, and one that deserves a little more recognition stateside.Miscellaneous stuff: they need better maps/directions to the portable restrooms, but at least I lucked out and didn't get a messy/smelly one. I liked the outdoor sinks, although I'm not sure whether mine was supposed to drain that slowly. They need better signage to label one of the VIP areas. They need better traffic direction at night's end so that they don't let one parking aisle go twice while others are still waiting. The beach ball tossing/hitting in the standing section is very annoying at best. The radio station hosts, serving as emcees, were lively and comfortable on stage.Go for the music if you go at all. Check out some of the food because you happen to be there. Bring large unopened water bottles, not a small one like I did. Wear sunscreen, as I did. Looking forward to seeing next year's music lineup. Woohoo!
3	This was my first time attending but I was volunteering through Meetup for the Burn Foundation working the beer tents. Parking wasn't hard to find since I arrived early (11:10am) & was easily directed towards the front gate. Would have been nice to have signs on Spring Mountain advertising the event. The line to get inside was long but lucky me I didn't have to wait in it due to working the event. It would have been nice to of had some signs up in the park making people aware of which way to go for food, bathrooms, stage, etc. Or maybe a map? You pretty much had to just walk around to find things. I also think it would be easier & less confusing if the park had a ticket booth for people to buy their tickets for booze & food vs @ the stands. Things may had moved along quicker when at these tents with people only having to deal with tickets vs cash. Also they should have signs up @ booze & food tents that state Cash Only and advertise on the website for this. ( I don't believe this was on there) Though there were ATM's it would of saved some people the ATM fee's who don't carry cash. I found customers a little confused when coming up to the beer tent. They bought tickets at one table then went to the table next to it to hand their ticket in for a drink & get carded. One customer had made a valid point. "Why am I being sold a ticket without getting carded if you know I'm going to be buying a drink." Good point!! A lot of people were headed to the tables where the volunteers were handing out drinks wanting to get one but hadn't bought their tickets yet to have to be told to go to the table next to them first. Very unorganized & then the fact that they had to go to another tent for wine or hard liquor. I unfort. didn't get to eat too much food because I was having fun passing out beer having a blast & our tent was busy. I did get some chinese food that wasn't bad, found it a little expensive $10 (mine was free) for the combo plate. Included rice, noodles, chicken & a small egg roll. The egg roll was the best!! My friend had gotten some mini bundt cakes to share that were delicious!! But Anything but Bundt is a favorite of mine. Their cake are always so fresh tasting & moist. When I walked by there the line was long. That's a great sign of how delicious their products are. My friend also shared some pretzel bites with melted dipping cheese, I think he said they were from Hard Rock cafe? They were pretty good but I bet they are even better if I was able to eat them when they were warm. My friend was able to walk around & check out the food stands & said there were a few that had food for $4-$5...what a great deal esp. for one who wants to try several items esp. from places they may not have eaten at. As the day went on the place got so crowded. Unfort. you couldn't hear the music from the beer tent I was working @ (near the food) & had to go near the stage to hear them. I think its awesome they let you bring in selected chairs to sit on and/or a blanket since there really isn't much seating in the park.  Another one of my friend's went & did the VIP section for $100 that included parking but she had said they ended up running out of food (around 6pm). I know I would  have been a little upset to have spent that amt. of $$$ on VIP to end up not being able to eat when I wanted to. These tickets are bought prior to the event so you would have thought they could have planned that better. It's definitely an event worth checking out when its back next year. If your not a big fan of huge crowds I'd recommend going early afternoon & getting out of there before it gets too busy, more so early evening. Bring plenty of cash, an appetite, blanket or chair if you plan on relaxing & sit back & enjoy the music & the AWESOME people watching. I probalby will be back next year volunteering again!!
4	OMG, I had such a nice time at this event on Saturday :)I unfortunately had to work during the day, but was able to make it for Colbie Caillat, Daughtry, and THE SCRIPT (omg, talk about an amazing band to watch live!! so interactive and they sound amazeballs!!)!!!! The line up was great, and all the food vendor options was awesome. I had a yummy burger and garlic fries from StripBurger which only cost me $5.  A great family friendly and music-lover friendly activity. Great crowd, and great music :) What more can you ask for? ... Maybe some free blankets cuz it was cold yesterday...and re-entry next year?!?!?!? Cover to get in was $25 at the door, which would have been even MORE worth it if I could have attended the whole day, but alas....work  -____-;
5	Bite of Las Vegas this year has redeemed Las Vegas food festivals for me. We were blessed with AMAZING weather all day that cooled off in the evening...sooo unlike typical Las Vegas weather. The crew was very well organized and helpful as they really had their stuff together. The parking was relatively painless and traffic entering/leaving moved along without a hitch. Most of the food vendors are local restaurants like Hash House a GoGo, Culinary Dropout, Rainforest Cafe, The Great American Pub etc., but the great part is that they are not food trucks that are slow to deliver, these vendors were very well prepared to handle the crowd and keep the line to a minimum.... something that food truck festivals fail miserable at.Let's start with the ticket prices, which we bought prior to the event for under $20. That gave us the viewing pleasure of 8 artists on stage and access to about 40 food vendors that were priced about $5 per item. What a great deal!Food:Now having experienced some other "food fest", I was a bit soured and didn't expect much from the BLV vendors. I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised, not overwhelmed though, but pleasantly surprised by the food selection and value. We started with Texas de Brazil that offered 3 choices of meats with a roll for $5...garlic sirloin which was melt-in-your-mouth good, sausage was very tasty, the bacon wrapped chicken was actually not bad at all. The roll was a bit dry but a nice addition. All the food was about $5 and portions were decent for a food festival. The Culinary Dropout offered Pretzel bites with cheese fondue with a "happy hour 2 for 1 special"...2 orders of pretzel bites or 1 order with a salmon bruschetta. The pretzel bites were fun and tasty to eat. My daughter tried the salmon bruschetta and liked it. We also had the Hawaiian shaved iced that was perfect to enjoy under the mild Vegas sun. 3 flavors for $5. They had it down to a system where you got your ice pretty quick with generous amount of syrup. Hash House A GoGo is one I would never go eat at again because I think their food is terrible, but they did know how to make a refreshing 3 color Watermelon Kiwi Lemonade that had everyone gawking. H & H BBQ had rib tip fries that were off the hook delicious. Generous amounts of tender BBQ rib tips atop natural cut fries...I would have loved seconds on this. The Great American Pub had lobster mac & cheese and crab fries. I don't usually like anyone else's mac & cheese other than my own but GAP had a pretty good version that we all enjoyed. Creamy cheese sauce, not overly cheesy with bright hints of green onion and crispy bread crumb topping...and it had actual pieces of lobster. I think I would go to GAP to get this again. The crab fries were ok. I don't know where they came up with crab since the white sauce didn't have any crab in it, but still a nice outdoor fest treat.The entertainment was awesome. There were some moments when the bass was a bit too much and caused some of us to loose a filling, but the lineup was great. Lindsey Stirling was our favorite and she delivered a great show. I don't know how one dances around like her and maintains playing the violin. She's one talented gal. OAR was good too. My brother is a Daughtry fan but he wasn't on until 7:30 and the weather was getting cold so we packed up. He said he has the album on iTunes :)All in all, this was a great event that we will look forward to again next year. Just some tips that made our experience that much better was that we came prepared with comfortable cushy folding seats ($19 at Walmart), a large frozen Smart Water bottle for each of us was plenty of hydration to last the day, a collapsible picnic shade tent (at Sears) was perfect to cool off in and the envy of everyone that walked by us. They don't allow outside coolers, but in the event you have special medication for your kids that need refrigeration, they do allow a lunchbox sized cooler to carry it in. I hope next year's weather will be as beautiful as it was that day, but also bring a light hoodie in case it gets cool.Great job Bite of Las Vegas! This was the best Food Festival experience for us.
2	For an event that is in its 18th year, I'm shocked at how poorly it was organized and run. I paid $100 to get the VIP ticket with VIP parking. The reason I got the VIP parking was so I could park close and if I wanted come and go, I didn't have to fight to find parking. I found out after I bought the ticket that there was no reentry allowed. An 11 hour event that people are held captive at?? And can't even go to their cars to grab anything. Ever heard of a distinctive stamp?Next I agree with Gina about the signage. Or have a map at the entrance so people can figure out where they are going.I found my way to the VIP tent, where due to lack of signage, I didn't know I had to go to the first table to get my wristband so I proceeded to find an area for my friends and I to sit. I then proceeded to the food line. When I got to the first volunteer at the food table after standing in line for about 10 minutes she told me about having to go to the wristband table before I get food. I did and waited another 10 minutes in line to get food. The food consisted of rolled meat for sliders, crab cake and chicken wings. We were told that we could only have 1 of each. Then there was salad and chips and salsa (no salsa was available). I later found out that the House of Blues provided the food for the VIP tent. It was horrible food and cold.  As VIPs we received 3 food tickets. I went back a few hours later and they had Jambalaya and chicken wings. Nasty and cold. I was lucky I got food. My friends went about 30 minutes after I did and there was no food left. At 6:30!! For an event that lasted until 10. Poor planning House of Blues. My friend complained to one of the people in charge of the tent and we got sent over to the volunteers tent to eat. Omg what a difference in quality. The food there was hot and tasty.The placement of the VIP section was good; right next to the stage. We had our own porta potties. Too bad they weren't serviced enough. Ran out of toilet paper and paper towels throughout the day. Also there should have been better signage for men and women. Guys were using the women's and vice versa. The bands were great! Although speakers in the food area would have allowed for everyone to hear them. Although jumbo screens on either side of the stage would have allowed people to see them.So all in all, I was disappointed. I overpaid for the event. Next year, if I decide to go, I will pay the cheap price and buy at the vendors since the VIP was not worth the price.  I hope the organizers take all these suggestions and improve for next years event.
4	What not to like about an event like this? Great music, great food, not too crowded and an awesome admission price! I'm a huge fan of Lindsey Stirling and I didn't stay to listen to anyone else. I'll be coming back next year!
5	Bite was amazing as always. When I found out they were selling tickets I bought mine and my friends. $15 presale and $25 at the door. PRESALE BABY! We ended up coming around 1pm and just started walking around and eyeing the park and everything that was around. We started out by the Race Now tables and worked our way around. After our first go around our other friends showed up and we started to get into the food. Food Pineapple park- My first stop on the bite road. I wanted the dole whip and I got it! I order the pineapple upside down cake and it was amazing, it reminded me of a shot i order when I first turned 21, not sure why I haven't ordered it since. Texas Twister- First drink stop, We though lemonade and you can refill, why not? And we were a little disappointed. It didn't taste sweet. It was more of a bland lemonade. Only plus was the fruit in the cup, my friends ate it all. Papa Johns- One of the last stops of the night. When you only have $3 left and you need something hot and homey, when papa was the way to go and it was close. Haha, super glad they handed out the garlic sauce. Culinary dropout- Not my first experience with Culinary drop out. They had the sames cheese and bread at the B&W party and it was still as delicious as ever. Panda Express and friends- When over because I saw sushi and was interested. My friends told me it was a bad idea but they were wrong. Probably my favorite meal of the day. They had spam musubi and some cream cheese wontons. They said for a dollar more I could get two egg rolls, so I told them to throw it in the bag. My friends of course stole some but that's why I got them. Rainforest Cafe- Our favorite place to sit and eat. We happen to grab a small table after grabbing some food we needed to st down to eat. They kept the tables clean and they were fill. Claim Jumper- Two of my friends went here and order some sliders and chips, as well as a salad. I of course ate all their chips and a lot of the salad. It was a Cesar salad and it was pretty good. We dipped the chips in the cheese fondue form culinary and it was bomb.com. They also had a guy yelling about double chocolate cookie that were as big as his head.. Very tempting sir. VendorsAfter stuffing ourselves with food we started walking the tents of free things and sign ups. The first stop was State Farm, who I already have insurance for but sign up to win a $250 ft card, I was down. Also they gave out shades, awesome. Next was Toyota. They had iPad to sign  up for stuff and they you spun a wheel for prizes. They had black shades, awesome. Also they had chap stick and hats. Next was KB homes. We literally just went there to get the free cotton candy. It almost blew away when the wind started but i saved it with my mouth. We walked our way the the Metro PCS booth and threw a phone in water to get more shade, purple, awesome. Then checked out the idea image booth. Orange shades, awesome. Then went over the the hospital booth, the had heart clip magnets, sunscreen, stress ball brains, and many different colored shade including pink, awesome. I got a lot of shades now, just saying. MusicMy real reason for going, because lets be honest a $15 is a steal. The line up included Daughtry, Colbie Caillat, O.A.R., American Authors, Lindsey Stirling and The Script. We really were just listening to the first couple bands and didn't actually sit and watch til Colbie. She was wearing shade which I though was funny but I love her song Try. During her set is when I had to get up and try and find a sweater. Her crew had shirt and some long sleeves but no hoodies or anything so we went on a mission to find something to warm me up. We failed. The military hoodies sold out and the race shop said they would get more in a hour. We ended up telling security we were grabbing a jacket and sat in the car til The Script came on. I thought they were so high energy and fun. At one point the lead singer asked for someone to call and ex boyfriend and he took the phone and sang and talked and kept calling back when he hung up. He also wanted to make a moment and ask for everyone to put down the camera and just turn on lighters or lights. I really liked that. He also came into the crowd which was really cool. RandomThe Vegas area was really nice and chill we ended up there multiple times to sit and relax. The best part was right before The Scrip came on they were giving away Tshirts, hats, cards, and dice for your car. The lady was really cool and was trying to make it fun by throwing it over her shoulder. The red couches were comfy and right my grass so you could take your shoes off. Other random was the bathrooms, i mean porta potty. When i went in the early day i grab some TP assume they would run out. I came back later and the potties still seem pretty clean and stock. Also love that they have the sinks to wash hands.
4	It was our first time & definitely not our last!Parking is on gravel & was definitely crowded but no complaints there because the ushers were so helpful! Parking our car & leaving the event was a breeze because it was definitely organized. Loved the food choices!  We were able to try Pineapple Park, Stripburger, Hash House, Sauced, Amore & much more. Our favorite would have to be the single slice Amore pizza that came with water since water was sold separately with other dishes & the fact that we didn't have to buy a whole Amore pizza for $20+. We also loved the Kiwi Watermelonade (?) from Hash House; so refreshing on a sunny day!The weather was definitely perfect on this day! It did get a bit cooler at night & I was not prepared at all. Haha. For $17, I was able to see American Authors & a little of Colbie Caillat! Music was great but we were definitely more fatties & ate continuously throughout. We were unable to stay any longer cause it got too cold for me but I will be prepared next year.Honestly, you don't need VIP treatment (overrated!). We enjoyed walking around, eating vendor foods, standing for the concerts, relaxing on the grass (many spots with shade) and people watching. I would not want to be stuck under a tent for what, $100 or something like that? Pfffft! As my Hawaiian boyfriend always says, "No need brah! No need!" Get in for cheap & enjoy the event. Can't wait for next year! :)
4	I remember when this event was held inside the Venetian (years and years ago). Having it at Desert Breeze is great. Lots of room to spread out the blankets. Room for the kids to play while the bands are playing. Good beer at a good price.
