3	Sure enough, I haven't reviewed this Home Depot either... guess I'll need to put in a few more reviews.  Not a big deal.Though I don't get up this way too often, I actually prefer this Home Depot to many of the others in the area.  Their staff seems friendlier and more helpful than most, and the place is generally more upbeat.  It's not a Lowe's or anything, but it is better than many of the other Home Depots in the area.But for whatever reason - maybe as I get older or something - I tend to find myself gravitating more towards Lowe's for purchases.  Even on smaller items that I could usually find at Home Depot before I can now find them at Lowe's.  Still, this location isn't a bad choice overall.The selection is what it is - you can find thousands of items and all - but why is it that they are all dusty?  Surely there are some things that they can sell so quickly that they don't get dirty, right?  And why do I always get accosted by someone trying to sell me on a heating system or windows?
4	Went here to get keys copied.  Got to the station and an employee saw me there and came over to help right away.  For some reason I thought it was going to be this big ordeal, but the whole process took less than 5min.... I guess they make key copiers a lot better than I remember as a kid now-a-days.This location is pretty convenient and never seems all that busy so it doesn't seem as hectic as the one I normally go to (in Matthews).  With the relaxed atmosphere, I find a lot of people are friendlier and more willing to help you with your home improvement needs.
5	Most places doesn't do percussion cuts of wood but one of the employes here help me get a job done correctly.
3	this location can be helpful and some times not so much. There is a guy that works near the front who has a mawhawk(helpful) older geltelman that works (helpful) most of the casihers(helpful) and a lady that is  younger in age of 20+ who was sitting on bags of mulch directly beside the mulch I was struggling to pick up (bout 15 bags0 and she is sitting flirting with a guy friend of her not once looked in my direction..
4	Although I tend to frequent Lowe's Home Improvement more often than not, I was generally impressed with a number of things about this location. Not too long ago, I found myself wandering around this store in search of various lighting equipment with a friend. As I walked in, I immediately took notice of comparable layouts and cleanliness to that of my local Lowe's. I also noticed there was less of a crowd, keeping in mind that this was a Tuesday lunchtime excursion. Although we were only "window shopping" materials, it did not take long for someone to come over and ask us if we needed any help or questions answered. Big plus. I seem to think Lowe's tends to have people readily available, but seldom going out of their way for customer service. Overall, I enjoyed my experience at this location and recommend it if you are local. For me, it is more of a drive and as it's "sister" store is directly by me, I may just stick to that. As we didn't follow through with a check-out process, that just may be an review addendum for another day. Check back!
4	To me Home Depot is the twin sister to Lowe's Home Improvement store.  What I find here I find there (all except Paint brands).  You really can come here for all your home needs.  Need to change the locks on all your doors and windows...come here.  Want a patio furniture set equipped with a grill and lawnmower...yep they have it.We're replacing all the bulbs in our house with LED...a little expensive (I was sticker shocked and just stood there staring until a sales associate asked me if I needed help, I must have looked confused) but after calculating all the bulbs I needed (gasp...just remembering) then how much I'll be saving in energy bills and how long they actually last; then it was a pretty good deal.  I just wanted to tell all the Newbies that are getting ready to replace all the bulbs in their house and outside...be prepared to spend a little grip.You can go online and place/pay for your order and pick it up at the store (already packaged and waiting for you).I also like the classes that you can attend for free that teaches you little tricks for the diy(selfers) (HGTV has made me this way)Every time I'm in here I never have to search for help, there's plenty of associates around and most of the time their knowledge about what you're asking.  If you ask them about a product that's not in their area than they will find someone for you.
1	I'll be back to this location as its the closest to my house, but I DO NOT like to be accused of stealing, especially repeatedly.Its home depot, you've been there.  Lots of things for the home, a little cheaper than lowes but a lot less helpful employees.  I just bought a new place, so I need everything.I'll cut to the chase, I bought a mailbox, 4 number stickers for the mailbox, some plumbers putty, and a $200 garbage disposal.  There was only one line open for checkout and it had quite a few people waiting that looked pissed off so I went to self checkout.I scanned the mailbox first, then the 4 stickers, then the putty, then the garbage disposal.  I guess anything over a certain amount has to be approved, because the screen instantly said wait on assistance.  I sat there for a minute and went to go find the person who was supposed to be helping me.  I found her and she literally said, "what do you want?"  I said, it says I need assistance.  She came over and looked at my order and went back to her screen.  She ok'd the disposal but then asked, "are you sure that the mailbox is on there?"  I said yes, she came over and pointed at it, and said "are you sure".  I repeated myself in a little stronger voice, YES.  As I continued to check out, she started to get angry about it, SIR, SIR, SIR.  I just ignored her, hoping that she would actually just look at her screen and save some face.  Finally she walked over to me and put her hand on my shoulder and said sir, you have to ring up that mailbox.  I told her not to ever touch me again and just pointed at the screen.  She didn't even say she was sorry.  Completely unprofessional.I paid and walked out, Havn't decided if I will write cooperate about it yet.
4	I really like this Home Depot. I was recently moving so I came to get a dolly. I planned on running in and running out but ended up staying about an hour. There were a lot of employees available willing to help. I didn't even know they sold boxes here for a reasonable price. In the future I know to come here instead of surfing Craigslist for boxes. Since I'm not that handy I am currently writing out a Honey Do List. Only downfall is that the parking lot is awkward and was pretty full but there weren't a lot of patrons inside. Also, all the registers were self check out which isn't the easiest when purchasing a dolly and large boxes.
5	I am not a big fan of malls, but this is one to stop by when your in Charlotte,. The Gucci boutique has a great selection and the Bloomingdales might be one of the best stores. Great selection and excellent service. Make sure you stop by Kings Cafe for coffee located on the first floor of the mall.
