5	Deedee had a really rough day this week...sick as a...well, as a dog!Poor little pup!She had an unpleasant reaction to some of the medicine she takes for her arthritis...she and I are both getting up there in years!Placebo's and scotch don't help as much anymore!She's fine now...oh, a little stiff and sore, but still going strong!To make a long story short(er), I had to get the carpet cleaner out of storage (what, you don't have your own carpet cleaner?!?!).You know, clean up a few of the spots where she got sick...not really worth having the full blown carpet guys in.But when I went to use it, one of the doo-hickey's in the fremastat had burbled and the plenum gargoon was kaput!So that had to be fixed...and in spite of my prowess in fixing most things, I didn't have access to the Plurkie's spanner and the Spretzer spindle needed to repair it!It's a Hoover (boy do I love the word..."Hooooooover"), and a look at the Hoover website (checking for the right part - a left handed torsion nozzle) led me to Park Ridge Vacuum (another word I love..."Vacuuuuuuum").I took it by PRV and they fixed my Hoover in about 10 minutes, while I waited...and they charged me exactly $5.00 US money!I could not have asked for better service, better prices, more convenience and nicer people...and to top it off, they had the PGA golf tournament (reg. tm. - "Glory's Last Spurt") on their TV, for my viewing pleasure while I waited!I would not even consider going anywhere else to get the fremastat on my Hoover re-snorkeled!
5	We have been using the services of Park Ridge Vacuum for several years, and have found them to be an excellent company to deal with.They are fast and efficient and the best thing is if there is nothing major in the way of a repair, and you say something really nice about the Cubs they sometimes work at no charge for their services!!So remember, they are excellent to deal with, are Cub fans who still believe!
5	This is the only place I would go. Quick and painless service and they know what they are talking about!
5	These guys are great--knowledgeable, fast, honest, fair, and fun, to boot. I'm so happy to have found them, to be free of Mr. Vac-N-Sew, where I always felt like I was being conned.
4	I've had my Dyson DC14 for a couple years and recently it went on the fritz. Every time I activated the "carpet" setting, the base would would buzz and shake like I sucked up a pile of rocks. More than that, the "floor" mode barely maintained suction.  Frustrating to say the least. Calling around, I landed on Park Ridge because five star reviews are nothing to overlook. The owner informed me that they'll fix Dyson's except for the Ball type. I brought it in on Tuesday, showing up right as the owner was locking up the for the day. He empathized about how bad the traffic can get on Shea and took me in. I explained the symptoms and it sounded like he knew the problem right away. Along with replacing a belt, he offered to swap out my HEPA filter and give her the full rundown.I came back to pick up my Dyson on Friday. After a quick test at home, I'm happy to say she's back to nearly brand new condition. These guys were fast and thorough, even knocking off a couple bucks because I opted to pay cash. All said and done, it cost me around $120, which is not bad when you realize that replacing one of these vacuums can cost two to three times more.
5	I've been using Park Ridge Vacuum for over 10 years ~ The owner is very friendly, fast and professional.No matter what type of vacuum you have HE can fix it!  I highly recommend
1	I hate to pop everyone's balloon here - but my experience was anything but 5 star.I was very fortunate to inherit a $500 Dyson from a friend.  When I got it there was a piece broken so I brought it to my local vacuum repair guy.  $120 later it was as good as new (so to me - I got a brand new Dyson for $120 bucks!)Fast forward 4 years... I figure it is time for a tune up/check up.  I now live closer to Park ridge vacuum.So here's the deal.  I walk in - and the tech on duty was gruff and curt.  I told him my vacuum needed a check up - he yanked it up on the table - flipped it over and told me it had been repaired 4 years ago for $120 ! (I was shocked - but apparently it is standard practice for repair people to write that somewhere so that they will remember what they did the last time)  He then proceeded to bad mouth the other shop.  Said he had worked there for several years and the owner was a crook!He then tried to take off the part that holds the dirt and couldn't figure it out.  He was yanking and pulling on my machine so hard I thought he was going to break it.  I thought to myself "how can someone work on vacuums all day long and not know how to open it up?!" I mean I get that they are all a little different - but this is an older machine so I would think he has handled dozens if not hundreds of Dyson's.So now I am on edge and he tells me it will be $120!  I asked why it would be so much when the last time was a "repair" and this was a "check up"!?  He then got and attitude and said that a "tune up" (or whatever they call it would be $39. and it would be ready tomorrow.)   FineSo I couldn't come in "tomorrow" - and I figured that when it was ready - they would give me a call - or if they find something "wrong" they will call me with an estimate (like a car repair place would).  Um... NOI go in to pick up the machine and the same guy was there (snif) He gruffly plops my machine in front of me and says: "I did exactly what you asked even though it needed more...!"  Okay - now I'm pissed.... "If it needed more - why wouldn't you call me?" - "you said you only wanted to do a tune up!" - yes! But if something is broken how can I know that?  That is why you bring it in to an expert - Was something broken???  "No - but it will be.... The beater brush is on it's way and you need a new filter,,, I told you it would be $120 blah blah blah" - I said How could you have known what would be wrong with it until you actually took it apart and looked at it?? "Lady, I've been doing this for over 20 years and I know what I'm talking about..." I could go on and on.  Suffice it to say I will never go back!  He was rude and arrogant and condescending.  He then proceeded to gripe about his old boss at the other shop again (I guess he was afraid I'd go back there)....I told him I thought he was rude (which trust me I have to be really really really upset to confront someone) and instead of apologizing - he just kept going on. Basically telling me I was an idiot and that he was the god of vacuum repair.Bad form dude.   If you are a good repairman - then fabulous.  But your clients are your bread and butter and being nasty does not do you any favors.  I'd rather go to a nice guy that did a mediocre job than a jerk.  I'm not trying to get anyone fired here.  But I hope the owner will have a talk with his employee about diplomacy.
5	Bought a Meile vacuum from them over 10 years ago.  Rarely need it serviced but when I do they are quick and efficient.  It is the only vacuum place I would consider doing business with.
