5	Most Fun and Relaxing Surgery I have ever experienced!Table-side manner is very important when you could potentially experience pain and possibly pass out!  Dr. Lind and his Assistant had a great sense of Humor while being completely professional and were very careful to help me feel as comfortable as possible!This was a minor operation on the same toe that has undergone a similar surgery by a different Physician, many years ago before Jongeys walked the Earth.  When informing the staff here that the previous anesthetic did not work, they were confident that the drugs had improved over the years.  Hummmm... as I suspected the "new drugs" were indeed "better", though even after extra injections I could still feel some of the procedure (mostly only a few sharp pains that were only momentary) and minor discomfort compared to what I had experienced before!Dr. Lind and his Assistant made sure I understood my "at-home" post-surgical work to insure the best healing outcome!  The Receptionist was great too, very friendly and patient!
1	I went to this practice after experiencing moderate to severe pain in my right ankle. When I made the appointment I told the person booking the appointment that it was related to my ankle (so they would hopefully assign me to a physician that was versed in that area).  When I went for my appointment, however, I was told by the doctor who saw me that she was not an ankle specialist, and could I come back later that same day to see someone who was.  As inconvenient as it was to do that (having to take time off work, twice in the same day), I went back. This new doctor, the "ankle specialist" examined me and basically said he wasn't  "exactly sure" what was wrong, could be one of any number of things, but he shot my ankle with cortisone in an effort to alleviate the pain. That relief lasted for two days, at which time I went to another practice (recommended by a co-worker) and took my x-rays from Carmel Foot Specialists. The new doctor told me that the x-rays were of "such poor quality" that there was no way anyone could make a diagnosis from them, adding "it's typical for podiatrists to utilize poor imaging equipment". The new doctor scheduled an MRI based on his exam and my symptoms, and I now have a diagnosis and a treatment plan--something that Carmel Foot Specialists was not able to provide, even after two separate visits, yet billed me over $500. What a waste of time.
2	Person answered the phone, my first reaction was how personable, then hold turned into ignore. I've threatened to go elsewhere for some time hoping customer service would become a priority but it just never does. Docs are nice, seem competent but staff can be abrasive.
1	Went to this practice several times and saw Dr. Lind.  We were told that my son needed  an orthotic for planters fascia tis.  We purchased a lower priced orthotic to begin with. The first orthotic failed within a month so we returned and purchased a more expensive orthotic (more than $300) and told it had a 1 year warranty.  Unfortunately, it failed in less than one year. In fact, it was cutting into my son's foot. So we returned.  We asked to have the orthotic replaced.  Dr. Lind did not even examine my son's foot and flippantly stated, "I'd like to see you get some more wear out of these".  This was after we complained that the orthotic was cutting into my son's foot.  We had to pay our regular co-pay for this visit and Dr. Lind (I'm not sure if he's a credentialed doctor or not)  sent my son on his way, foot still hurting.. and NEVER EVEN TOOK THE TIME TO REMOVE HIS SOCK TO SEE WHERE THE ORTHOTIC WAS CUTTING HIM.  If I were you, I'd think twice before going to this practice or taking my child there.  I complained to his office.  I was told someone would be calling me. I've yet to hear anything.  I'm sending a formal complaint to the North Carolina Board of Podiatry Examiners.  This is why insurance rates are so high.
5	Carmel Foot Specialists at the Park Rd. office was welcoming, attentive, friendly, and thorough.  The staff made me feel comfortable despite by broken foot.  The doctors and tech staff were willing and ready answer any questions I had.  They even gave me additional numbers to reach them at if I thought of any further questions.  I highly recommend Dr. Kaiser and Dr. Miller for all of your foot needs.  I was in Charlotte on vacation and needed immediate attention.  I was able to be scheduled quickly and get everything I needed.
5	Dr. Kaiser did a check up on my broken foot 5 weeks into recovery. Her instructions were very clear and concise.  Her nurse made me feel welcome and comfortable.  I will be sure to come back if I have any further needs- but with my new orthotics, I doubt i will :)
1	My daughter was referred here to have an ingrown toenail removed.  The doctor did a fine job, but I was disappointed in other aspects of this practice.  The phone number on the web doesn't work - must be an old one.  The office building sits back off the road and is easy to find, and when I called to get landmarks, while trying to find it, the auto answering announcement came on saying that due to high call volume, all operators were busy.  Luckily we found the building about 5 min. later.  One other lady walked in the door just before us, but no one else in the lobby.  No phones ringing off the hook, one receptionist actually "receiving" us, and another was surfing the www, looking at dresses!  High call volume???  Riiiight!  Even though I told them that my daughter didn't swallow pills and needed a liquid antibiotic, they prescribed her 500mg horse capsules that I was supposed to get her to eat - mixed in something.  It smelled and tasted awful.  They decided to extend the length of time she was on it, but didn't inform me.  I found out from the school nurse who spoke to them about givng the meds at school.  The culture came back, and they needed to change the antibiotic anyway.  The assistant who called to tell me that they had called a new Rx in to the pharmacy said that she couldn't tell me what type of infection my daughter had.  I told her to have the doctor call me back, but to give me about 30 min. to get home so that I could write it down.  Of course that part of the message didn't get through because he called me 10 min. later while I was drivng and could take down the name of the infection.  From what I could remember of the type of infection, when I googled it, I couldn't find anything, so I still don't know what it was, and have put in another call.  When I asked him about the antibiotic, he had trouble telling me about it.  Today, I called again, and requested that they send the records to the pediatrician, and was told that they had gotten "lost" because they send their dictations out of state for processing and had to send them again.  I simply do not get a good feeling about practice!
1	I was a patient of Dr. Lind.   I was prescribed a medication that needed to be specially made and sent to me and after a week I hadn't received and called and found they never ordered it.  Looked past that and this week had terrible pain in my foot. I called on Monday morning and again Tuesday and didn't receive a call until Wednesday, which I missed but called back later.  Never heard from them again.  The Park Road office has terrible management and are very unprofessional.  Since I couldn't reach Carmel Foot Specialists and they do not return calls in a remotely timely manner I went in to get my records.  I was very unhappy with them and the office manager was extremely unprofessional including a parting comment of 'Have a Nice Day' meant to be sarcastic.  I advise getting to a podiatrist who has his office managed well.  I have never been treated so badly by a physicians office.  I clearly got the message that patients come and go and none of them are important.  They will not be there if you need them ,  I highly suggest you find another practice.
