4	Listen, for 50-something dollars a night, you just can't complain.  Try to find a hotels for under $80 a night and you're really limited to seedy dumps.  My girlfriend and myself were surprised to see that Microtel was quiet, clean and cheap.  The rooms were definitely "micro" in nature, but I respected the simplicity; a nice bed, clean sheets and bathrooms, a tv with cable and an air conditioner...what the hell else could you need?!  The staff was friendly and although the complimentary breakfast was all prepackaged, it was a nice touch.
3	Ever the good steward of the Milwaukee County taxpayers, I booked this room for my two day training because it was considerably cheaper than the other options, coming in around $50 a night.  The rooms are small--I mean really, really small--and consist of a bed, small desk, TV and bathroom.  If you are really only going to be sleeping/showering in your room then this will be fine.  That being said, I was in a room on the backside of the hotel and the traffic from Washington Avenue was really noisy all throughout the night.  This is the place for the "no frills" seeker.
2	I stayed here with my fiance for a night a couple of Saturdays ago.  Upon entering the hotel we noticed that they had won a single diamond star 2010 and my fiance followed up with that by asking what has happened since then.  The lobby of the hotel seemed to be pretty nice and check in was quick and easy.  Our room was on the second floor and upon entering I was surprised at how small it was.  It reminded me of hotels over in Europe and barely had room to move around in.  We weren't planning on spending much time in the room and so I didn't pay much attention to it.  I guess that I should have paid more attention to the name of the hotel though as that could have been a clue.  As we were leaving the room and headed toward the elevator we noticed a vending machine that was probably 90% empty.  Odd but it seemed to fit with the rest of the dingy decor of the place.  After we got back to the place and my fiance climbed onto the bed it immediately sunk down pretty far.  Not a good thing.  In the morning we ended up checking out early and skipping the free breakfast as we were happy to get out of there.The bottom line for me is that I probably wouldn't stay here again in the future.  Yes, this place is cheap but I would rather pay the extra money and stay somewhere else that feels cleaner and has some more room.
1	The only reason I put one star is because I had to. One of the poorest managed and run motels that I have ever seen. The rooms were very sub-par with mold on the bathroom ceiling. There were crumbs in the bed and they weren't very clean.The rooms' walls were very thin and you could hear everything that went on from people stomping around upstairs to listening to doors banging constantly. There was a ton  of noise from these places as well as the highway running parallel to the hotel as well as adjoining rooms.Management was the worst of all. Horrible at enforcing the rules so other guests can be very discourteous as well as riff raff running around outside peeking into locked vehicles almost as if they were trying to find a way to break in. Head manager is very hard to understand as he doesn't speak English clearly with no common sense on how to run a business.Overall, one of the poorest run hotels I have seen in a long time and for the money, many other choices in the area which provide way better service and accommodations. So overall, easy to make a better choice anywhere else. Beware.
4	I didn't have any issues here at all. The check-in went very smooth, the king-sized bed was very comfortable, and the room itself was quite spacious while staying on the third floor. The internet speed was good, and the areas around the room seemed to be quiet and not so paper-thin. The location of the hotel was off of the main road yet had quick access to other main roads, so that was good.If I had any complaints, it would be that the breakfast items were so-so. The breakfast is pretty much doughnuts, toast, cereal items, yogurt and hard-boiled eggs. I did not notice any options for a hot breakfast, such as biscuits & gravy, waffles, etc that I normally see at Microtels across the country. For a continental breakfast, it was okay yet you will find yourself wanting a full breakfast when traveling.All and all, I would stay here again.
3	Fit everything I was expecting. Not the best, not the worst. Much of town was booked up and this was my last affordable option. Beds are so-so, towels pretty rough quality, typical amenities for a Microtel. Front desk doesn't bring you anything, you have to go get it. Breakfast was few donuts and sweets/breads and juice. Nothing exciting. The room wasn't dirty, just plain and simple. If you're looking for a place to crash and nothing else, this will do. Location is good for highway travelers and bad for those wanting to be close to the center of Madison activity.
3	It was okay.  Wi-Fi, clean rooms, although my faucet sink clasp wouldn't open so I couldn't use that...room was really big.  Had all the basics you need.  Had to dock them points on the continental breakfast, they didn't even have a waffle maker.  So that wasn't very good.Still, the big rooms were well equipped.  Wasn't half bad.
