1	I am all about supporting local business. So, I popped into this place for a trim. Upon entering the salon, I was hit by the overwhelming scent of synthetic air fresher. I'm all for nice smelling spaces, but overtly powerful and synthetic fragrance in a small space is not only assaulting to my olfactory, but it's in bad taste. Anyhow, the salon was empty except for a woman behind the counter wearing what looked like sweats and a tshirt with a purse slung over her shoulder, a stylist working on a client, another stylist sitting in a chair texting or facebooking on her cell phone... who knows; and a girl sitting in the waiting area, who may have been a personal friend or a patron. It wasn't clear. The salon itself was simple and attractive. So, I tried my best to take shallow breaths and go ahead with my plan of getting a trim. I walked to the counter and I asked the woman how much a trim would be. I think she assumed I must be cheap for asking. She was incredibly dismissive. The reason I asked, is coming from LA, Weho and Bev Hills, I'm used to simple trims starting at $80 to $200. I know it's Arizona, but I am so accustomed to inflation that I still ask, just in case. Anyhow, before she would tell me the price she condescendingly corrected me- a trim was a "haircut" and "haircuts" cost $30. My specifying a trim was to let her know I didn't need my locks turned into a Justin Beaver 'do or something. I just wanted a trim, but apparently she is the type that won't allow people to call haircuts, trims. Some times people need to just chill out and let go.As you can tell her attitude already had me feeling a little annoyed, and she seemed put off by me as well, but I decided to just ignore her and get a haircut. I asked if there was only one stylist on duty, because I wasn't sure if the girl frantically playing on her cell phone was in fact an employee, but apparently she was. I asked if there was a wait and the woman said, no- I'll go let her know. But, the thing is, she didn't go let her know. She sat down the other girl that had been waiting, which was fine- she was there first. She then took  the girls hair out of a pony tail, brushed through it- apologized over and over again for something or other- maybe being late... Then she walked to the back and never said a word to the hairdresser and began getting her supplies ready for her client. You know, I just can't stand bad service. She may have been the owner for all I know. I mean coming to work in a tshirt and sweat pants...  most employees wouldn't dare. I know I was dressed pretty bummy myself, as I am a permaculture enthusiast and today is my garden day- but I think her unprofessional attitude was a nice forewarning to the rest of her salon's service skills. And honestly, what professional business has the stylists on the floor in plain view of customers texting away on their cell phones? What ever happened to professionalism? I know Arizona is laid back, but it's kind of ridiculous in a business setting. I guess, common sense isn't that common.Oh.. sorry I got off track. Yes, as I waited and realized that Ms. Attitude wasn't going to promptly inform the stylist that she had a customer I decided to go to another salon- one that actually cares about customers and business. One that values my time as much as their own. Maybe just one that had a friendly face there to say hello.  We'll see how long this place stays open. I can't imagine this business becoming successful.
5	I'd love to comment on the poor review on here but why waste your time by drawing attention to little miss "I'm used to paying $80- $200 for a haircut in Beverly Hills". I agree with the reviewer who gave this place one star in the aspect of if $80-$200 is your normal payment for a haircut, then this probably isn't the place for your self absorbed precious little follicles. And if you want to spend less than $30, go to Great Clips and walk out with a mullet. But, if you want a GREAT haircut (or color or style or whatever your hair treatment of choice) for a reasonable price, THIS IS THE PLACE TO GO! Here's the reality of Inspire Salon: This hair salon consists of a group of talented ladies, some even being Redken certified specialists. Sometimes there is a wait because they have a loyal following of customers. Sit down and have a cup of complimentary coffee or water and pick up a magazine because they are completely worth the wait! I have been a customer since they opened their doors and have never left there dissatisfied.
5	Like with most women, my hair appts are a highlight every month.  For me, going to see Bonnie is a "spa" event.  I feel refreshed and renewed.  Her salon is a gem in Glendale.  The service is always excellent and I always feel like I am the most important person in the salon.  Not to mention my cut and color.  A month doesn't go by where strangers tell me they LOVE my hair.  Just yesterday it was a TSA agent, but it's been women and men in all settings from a chic boutique on Melrose in LA to a Scottsdale club to a hotel in Rome.  Bonnie understands coloring and cut to fit the person and their style.  Thanks for a great 18 and I look forward to the next.
5	I love my hair.  I'll let you know that right away.  When it comes to my hair, I am the queen of being picky.  I hate haircuts, I do, and every time I sit in the chair and the scissors get close, I get worried that somewhere, someone's going to chop too much.  In fourth grade I was butched, a very traumatic experience in my life that I never wish to relive again.  Some poor, almost page boy hair cut with tidal wave bangs.  It was not my best moment, but alas, we live and we learn.I've known my stylist at Inspire since long before my butch days.  And no, she was not the one to butch my hair, if that's what you're asking.  I have seen my fair share of different stylists, but we come back to those we love.  And those we trust.  And I have now followed my stylist to Inspire, never to go anywhere else.You see, what we lack nowadays is customer service.  And not solely in the way that we're being treated in convenience, but how we treat others.  Do onto others as you want to you, and I'm a piece of work, but not once have I every had a problem with this salon.  When I walk in, it's the warmest welcome -- as if reunited with a close friend.  The atmosphere is very laid back, the employees calm and diligent.  And they listen.  When you sit in the chair, it's not what can be forced upon you, it's what you want because that's your hair.  There's no fight for control, that as a hair stylist, they no best.  It's a clients world, here.  When I come out of Inspire, my hair days are better than others.  I get comments on comments about how wonderful my hair looks, and you want to know why?  Because I get it cut by people I can trust.I don't know what I'm gonna do when I move away from this place, but it's probably gonna cost me a plane ticket to get my butt back here for a proper haircut.
5	Melissa is awesome. The place is really nice and clean!!
