4	I had an appointment with Dr. Smith, one of the three dermatologists at Thomas Dermatology. I had to book a month in advance, which isn't unusual, but it would have been nice to get in sooner. You'd think with the number of doctors in this city, it'd be easier to see one.I don't think much of the receptionists--the first one I talked to was rather snippy and sarcastic and another was rather stern. None seemed to care about customer service, except for the cashier, who accidentally overcharged me for my copay and quickly refunded it. Not to worry.The nurse I talked to was nice--we chatted about our hometowns in Texas. Dr. Smith was talkative, happy to listen to my questions, offer advice and give me samples and discount cards for the drugs she prescribed. She's efficient, but she's not one of those doctors who tries to get you in and out as fast as possible. Hooray!
2	I went back for my follow-up appointment, which didn't go quite as well as the first. One condition had mostly cleared up, but the other hadn't, so I was prescribed a new medication. Dr. Smith spent a couple minutes asking a few questions and writing on her chart, then quickly left the room before I could ask about anything else. I understand appointments were running late, but that's no reason to rush other patients. I had a bad reaction to the medication, so I called the Thomas Dermatology after-hours line. It has a recording that says an on-call physician will check the line every few hours. I left a message at about 7pm and didn't hear back until 3:30pm the next day. I canceled my follow-up. Time to find a new doctor.
1	I went in for and met the Dr. very, very briefly. We decided not to do anything. I still got a bill. I don't recommend going here.
4	5 stars for Dr. Thomas, 3 for convenience.  For the record, I asked for recommendations for a good derm dr and about 5 out of 8 people had rave reviews for the man.  I hopped online to look for contact info and saw that he was awarded Best Dermatologist in Las Vegas about 3 times in the last decade.  So does that give one an accurate view of the waiting room? lol bring your patience pants.  But when you're good, you're good  and the visit  was worth the wait.  He was VERY knowledgable and confident in his knowledge, didn't rush me at all, cared, put me at ease....all that good stuff.  To top it off, he errs toward the conservative side concerning anti-aging treatments.  He gave me a script for a quieter form of Retin-A and told me he'd rather have me work with that before I start up with fillers (which of course he also does), which would give him a lot more continuous business than a simple rxn....NOT what I expected from a LV skin doctor!  That was very pleasantly received.  I'll be an annual client :)
4	I have been very happy with Thomas Dermatology and the results I've gotten for acne and keloid scars.I started going here about 6 months before I got married to see if there was anything they could do with the keloids that I had on my chest for years.  I didn't want those scars staring at me in my wedding pictures.  I had had them shot with cortisone before at a different doctor and it didn't work, so I was dubious when Dr. Susie Smith said that's what they would do.  Well, lo and behold, a couple of treatments later by the time of my wedding, those keloids had not only shrunken so much that they are flush with my skin again, but their redness went away and returned to normal.  I was amazed.I have also seen Dr. Smith when I had a crazy acne flare up, and we tried a couple different medications and lotions until we found the perfect one.  My skin has been smooth for months, and I even receive compliments on it now.It's a great dermatologist office, but my one complaint is the wait.  I always know it's going to be at least 45 minutes to an hour in there.  Once I was sitting in the doctor room for so long (not the waiting room, the actual exam room!) that I had to peek out and ask if they forgot about me!  But, that's what you get when the doctor has been voted Best Dermatologist in Las Vegas.  Everybody wants an appointment!
1	Had a mole removed over a month ago and have yet to hear from them with the results.
5	I visited 2 other dermatologists here in Vegas before making an appointment with Dr. Thomas. I was begining to lose hope in medicine all together based on my other experinces...but all hope was restored with Dr. Thomas. Although it took 3 months to be seen, he was FANTASTIC. He addressed all the issues I had in ONE visit, his bedside manner is wonderful, and his nursing staff can't be beat. I found a winner here and would HIGHLY recommend him.
2	Very little to make you feel like they care, more like cattle. Christine Crovetti was the person who took care of me, sort of. I wasn't impressed and won't be returning.
4	Husband liked the doctors but had some billing issues... Now those are resolved to my liking im changing my rating.... Tiffany worked with me to get to the bottom of the billing issue.
5	I'm so glad I came here, i finally got the right products for my skin. Everyone there was very nice and helpful. I didn't feel rushed, she rooked the time 2 really listen 2 my problems so that they could correctly be treated. The thing I like best is the this place has there own pharmacy. Very convenient. They will even mail u your refills free of charge. I think my dermatologist name was Cynthia or CandaceI can't believe I forgot her name. It's on one of these papers I just can't find it right now. I'm so sorry.
5	I would have given them 10 stars if i could. Dr.Lieberman is one of the best doctors i have gone too. Not only is he good at what he does, but he is extremely honest too. Yevonne is his assistant and is very good at her job. If you are tired of being treated rudely, talked down too. being charged for services you don't need or receive. Please see Dr. Lieberman at Thomas Dermatology. not only are they good at what they do, but they are extremely honest. Hard to find these good quality's in today's world. That is why i gave these fine people, 5 stars.   Steven  J.
5	I saw Dr. Thomas and he was great - if you're a new patient the first available appointment will be about 4 months out. He took the time to listen to what I wanted and what my concerns were and actually explained his answers/why he would or would not recommend a certain thing. One of the prescriptions was making my stomach hurt but I just called their number, spoke to a nurse and a new prescription was called into my pharmacy that day. I also called a couple of weeks later with another question and heard back from the phone nurse that day.I'd recommend Dr. Thomas to anyone looking for a dermatologist!
5	I been a patient with Doctor Thomas, for almost 4 years now, and I have to say that my condition is extremely persistent. All the other doctors quickly gave up on me, when they found out I been diagnose with Folliculitis Decalvans. Not Doctor Thomas thou, he'd tried so many ways to help me deal with this condition and it went away for a time, before coming back as this condition is known to resurface again at later time. However, that one year when I was free from it, was the BEST year I had in a long time. Yes, I know the appointment time is never really on point, but we need to understand that there are others who are in need of aid as well and the good doctor need to satisfy their concerns as well. A little patience goes a long way. Plus most Doctor Office, are jam pack anyway lol.Trust me on that I know...So if you have the patience for it, I would strongly recommend going to Doctor Thomas!!!
1	A few weeks ago I booked a new patient appointment here per a referral from my women's doctor. 1 star for wasting half of my day by booking an appointment without bothering to confirm my insurance info. I took off early from work also sacrificing a half of days pay so I could have an afternoon appt. at 1:15. I specifically asked when I booked if they needed to know my insurance info now and I would send them all my new patient paperwork. Guy: okay ma'am, you are all set for December 31st at 1:15 pm. Me: thank you for your help; should I send you my insurance and new patient paperwork now so you'll have it all set up for me when I arrive?Guy: no that won't be necessary, just print from website, full out to have with you on arrival and we will get your insurance info at that time. Me: okay thank you. Now he had ample opportunity to ask me who I was covered with. Did he take the extra step to do that? I was pretty surprised they didn't ask me for the info in the 1st place as anytime I have ever booked a doctor appointment with any kind of specialist, I have always been asked who my insurance was. So when I arrive today I tell my name to the gal at the desk (who had a diaper bag on the front counter and a baby in her lap by the way; that's super professional), and that's it she ends up scooting away in her rolly chair and asks someone else to take care of me. Uhhhh okay.... Another gal comes over and I tell her my name AGAIN, and then hand over my stuff including ID and insurance card I get an "ohhhh" followed by me giving a concerned look to receptionist.Gal: we don't take your insurance, it's an HMO. Me: well why would my doctor refer me to someone who doesn't take my insurance?Gal: I am not sure but let me make a quick check with someone to see if I am wrong (at least she went a little above and beyond here, kudos for that). (About a minute passes)Gal: Yes, we do not take your insurance but we can still see you today; it'll be anywhere from $60-150 for just a consultation, any procedures would be extra. Me: why wouldn't they ask me who I was insured with when I booked the appointment so this could have been avoided? Gal: I don't know (insert shoulder shrug) Me: no thanks that's alright I can't afford that out of pocket. Please give me back my paperwork. The I left. Soon as I sat back in my car I immediately called my doctors office to chew someone's a** for referring me to somewhere that doesn't accept my insurance. They clearly saw what insurance I had when I was there. Wtf would you do that for? Maybe I should have asked both offices but seriously why do I have to do someone's job for them? The office was beautifully decorated though, nice ambiance. I guess I won't be back here ever unless I can pull some money from my back end or I get an insurer they accept.
4	I see Dr. Lieberman and he's super great.  He's patient and kind.  He treats my family.  It's even better now that he has an office off of Seven Hills in Henderson.  The only reason that I did not give him 5 stars is because I have been spoiled by my Derm in AZ.  She would include suggestions on what I could use or do to keep my skin looking better/younger.  I believe you have to schedule to see someone else in the practice and they try to get you to buy Botox and get facials.  Not my thing...Again very happy with Dr. Lieberman and love that I can get an appointment close to home!
1	My daughter had three different rashes.  The doctor refused to look at the pictures on our phone or touch my daughter.  She told us to keep taking the medicine our pediatrician gave us and come back later ; ushering us out.  Very sad and frustrating.
5	I had a bad case misdiagnosed of shingles which turned out to be a severe case of dermatitis.  I was able to get in the next day and saw Venessa. She was wonderful, friendly and comforting.  With two great convenient locations.  Love the place
3	Though they were quick, I had to return three times to get a wart removed. The first two were through freezing before they decided they should just take it off. When t came to the third time, one of the nurses didn't do the paper work and I had to wait forever to be sure that they could even do the removal surgery. Everything else was okay though.
1	Well this used to be my place to refer anyone with a skin condition. They removed cancer 5+ years back on two adult family members and treated my own teenage acne issues 20 years back. Dr. Thomas is very skilled and knowledgable but we booked with another Dr. because it was a long wait for him and having dealt with a partner before without issue I thought this would be ok. Went sour. No follow up, can't get dr to follow up on call, nurse called and couldn't answer questions on medication, other dr "didn't want to step on toes" to offer advice, another staff calls and asks to talk to patient instead of me and patient is a child,has no idea of where we are at with treatment  because she says there are no notes of the last two conversations I've had with the nurse about the prescription. My trust is blown. We will be seeking another dermatologist for this unresolved issue.
2	Very interesting experience with this location. My son was referred by his pediatrician, and so far I am not impressed. We had an 8 am appointment and had to wait about 45 minutes until they got him into a room. I would think if you are running that far behind at that time in the morning, there is a problem with time management. Also, the PA was very rushed and abrupt and acted as though my five year old should be speaking to her like an adult. He was very afraid of a skin test they needed to perform and she acted like he was being unreasonable. (most five year old's don't listen to reason, a stranger coming at you with a swab and no explanation tends to do that). The PA that contacted me about results was a different PA, and was excellent and I would prefer to see him in the future. We are due for a follow-up appointment and their front desk people leave something to be desired. The call I received today to confirm the appointment was left by a VERY unprofessional staff giggling while leaving the message. If I were his employer I would be VERY embarrassed at the unprofessional-ism of my staff. We will see how the follow-up appointment goes. It is again scheduled for 8am.  So far ,I am NOT impressed considering the amount of money that I am paying for consultation and services.
1	I would not recommend this place to anyone.  I went in for an initial consultation, which I was told would cost around $80-$90 because I was a self pay.  Dr. Vanessa came in and looked at me for about 5 mins or less and then told me that I should get one mole removed because it looked suspicious and that I could have some others removed for purely cosmetic reasons if I wanted to.  I agreed to have several procedures done and pay for them all upfront.  When I went out to pay and schedule my procedures they told me that it was going to be $160 for the initial visit.  I explained that that amount was double what i was initially quoted and they did not seem to care in the slightest.  I cancelled the procedures and reluctantly paid the full amount for the BS visit.I then called several other dermatologists in town and explained what had happened and they told me that if I came in to get checked out and they ended up needing to do a procedure that they would apply the initial fee 100% towards the cost of the procedure.  Four different dermatologists confirmed the same policy.  When I called back to offer them to still book the procedures if they applied the $160 towards them they told me that they would not do it.Thomas Dermatology does not value client relationships, they just want your money.  i will never go back here again, and warn anyone else to stay away.
5	Unfortunately, my skin is confused and still thinks it's in high school so a visit to the dermatologist was necessary.  I had first visited this office in 2011 and was seen by Dr. Thomas.  This time when I called I was told that his first available appointment was November!  My skin could not wait that long so I took the first available and my schedule time was within a week.  I saw Dr. Susie Smith.  She spent a good amount of time with me going over my issues and concerns and what would work best for me.  I really liked her and would recommend her to others.  My appointment was at 9:15 and I didn't go back until about 10 but because I hadn't been in the office in a while there was some updated paperwork I had to fill out but with any doctor's office I always expect a wait so that seemed reasonable to me.
4	I was in need of a dermatologist visit and could not find anyone under my insurance policy with all 5 star reviews on yelp. I had to pick someone and I chose Thomas Dermatology, I went to Misty Cauldwell. No reviews mention her and how great she is. I had a wonderful experience with Misty and her team. They were very fast, got straight to the point, let me ask as many questions as I wanted and I voiced all my concerns. The office is shared by many different doctors, so I think whoever is giving this place bad reviews, they are not visiting the right doctor.
5	Best dermatologist I've ever visited! The office space is modern and the staff are on top of it. Dr. Caudell was extremely nice and knowledgable; she addressed each of my problems as if they were her own, and she made me feel very comfortable. They have their own pharmacy in the building and the pharmacist worked tirelessly and very quickly to get all of my medications at the lowest price possible. I definitely recommend!
5	I took my daughter to Dr. Caudell.  Dr. Caudell could tell that my daughter was nervous and she went out of her way to make her feel comfortable.  My daughter needed a procedure to remove a suspicious mole that was a fairly large size and the scar is barely noticeable.  Dr. Caudell is extremely meticulous about the long lasting cosmetics of her work and it shows.  We are very pleased!
