5	Great place for a smaller breakfast, and pretty great coffee as well.
5	This place is my spot. Drip coffee that is the best in town, go with the bold European blend or the Vanilla blend. Love those egg bagel sandwiches, the turkey sausage or the spinach mushroom swiss are the best in my opinion. The service is quick, and the staff is extremely friendly. They even know me by name in there. I do love this place.
5	I go here for breakfast and i usually end up with a sandwich.  All sandwiches here are great and filling with the side.  Breads are freshly baked right there.  I have had breakfast here and the bagel egg sandwiches are pretty darn good.  Can be kinda cramped inside with a full house on weekends but the service is so quick I'm usually on the road before someones rug rat starts bumping into me.
3	I stopped in here yesterday for a quick bite to eat.  I was surprised at how many people were here on a Thursday morning!  Quite a line.I got a bagel with cream cheese, and it was yummy.  I had a very positive experience here considering it was Einsteins!
2	I'll be honest. Einstein Bros Bagels in Tempe is my typical go-to breakfast spot. I can walk there, it's always full of friendly faces, and it usually produces pretty great, affordable bagels and coffee. What's not to like!? Last week I stopped by for a last minute bagel on my way to work and was extremely disappointed by the service I experienced. I ordered my usual egg white and cheddar sandwich on an "everything" bagel to go. I paid, took a seat, and waited while my order was completed on a busy Friday morning. I watched the bagel-guru slice my bagel, stick it through the toaster, and promptly drop it on the ground. After some swearing under her breath I sat back and patiently continued to wait...I wasn't in a huge hurry. She put a new bagel in the toaster and I watched as after 10 seconds or so...it ignited in flames! I saw her whack it a few times to put the fire out, and saw her put in a new bagel. Unfortunately when I got to work and unwrapped my long-awaited breakfast, I discovered that the bagel-burner had assembled my sandwich on the victim of the toaster fire. The sandwich was charred, crispy, and tasted like I had taken a spoon to what was left of a campfire after a night of s'mores. Overall, Einstein's produces good food fairly quickly and for a good price...but lately I've had some not-so-positive experiences. I am a sucker for service, and you can bet I'll be letting another neighborhood bagel joint make my breakfast from here on out.
1	This single location has completely turned me away from Einstein Brothers.  On the several occasions I have been there, I have encountered mediocre food and an incompetent staff.  If you are a fan of this chain, avoid this location.
5	vegs bagel sandwich is good and fresh flavor.
1	Everytime I come here they forget something in my order. They all seem to be rude and hate there job. When i have told them I had missing something, they told me that I should of got it myself. Even though the item was behind thr glass case.
1	They messed up my bacon egg cheese bagel and gave me a sausage egg and cheese bagel. They flipped the cooked egg in the plastic container on to the plastic table the place where all the other food Is prepared. That added a Some new taste.
2	Slow service, unless you're a regular.  :-(I was here before 6 a.m. and there were two people behind the counter and one that was just walking back there.  The two that were behind the counter just looked at me but didn't say good morning or we'll be with you in a minute.  When the third person came around the counter one of the other two said something to him about something in one of the ovens and so he stops and tends to whatever that was.So finally he makes it to the register and takes my order.Nothing difficult, three bagels toasted with cream cheese to go.  A customer came in a few minutes after me, placed his order and had his drink and food before mine was ready.  Seems regular customers get more priority.But from the looks of other recent reviews they really should focus on getting their act together because in this area we have more than one option.
3	Great and super helpful service gets this place an ok in my book.. I said no thanks to chips and they explained that i get them any way, kudos!
2	Slower every time I come.  Today order was done wrong.  It is not busy so why must we wait for service (to order and to pay) and then receive order half right.We hit another location in the area and always get better service so we decided that's just where we'll take our business.
4	Got bagels here to take to the team at work.  The staff was patient with me as I picked out the exact mix I wanted to take in, and they had a few recommendations.  The bagels were your basic bagels that I've come to expect from Einstein or Panera-type places.  Good but nothing to write home (or give a great Yelp review!) about.
2	I visited this Einstein's location today for a bagel and a coffee with my boyfriend today. When I walked in I didn't get a greeting or anything, just a cashier staring at me. After staring at each other for about 20 seconds, I guessed that was my queue to order. I was just surprised that I didn't get a hello or a greeting or anything. It was a little weird. Otherwise, my order was correct and tasted good. The cashier was just a little odd and the staff didn't seem to move very fast. I would visit again, but probably not at this location.
4	Good bagels and a fair price. I wait for the coupon in the Sunday paper and buy the 'hate to wait' dozen with 2 cream cheese tubs. I slice them and freeze them, pulling out a bagel to toast whenever I am in the mood. There are two EB bagels near me, but I like this one. They are usually not quite a packed and you can get in and out quickly.
2	My review is based off their lunch menu. The sandwiches are okay in terms of taste, but hardly worth the price. I paid $8 for a panini comprised mostly of bread. Oh, and I had to wait 15 minutes when the place wasn't even busy. To top it off, once I finally got my sandwich and proceeded to my car, the girl that put it together was out front of the store smoking - yuck. I've been here before for other menu items with similar experiences and will not be coming back. I'm sure there are better morning bagel places around...and I really wish I would of went to Sprouts for a better quality sandwich filled with meat and veggies for half the price!
1	I used to stop by this cookie-cutter bagel shop about twice a week to grab a coffee and a bagel on my way to work.  I mean, it was convenient, up the street from where I lived.  I stopped because my idea about customer service is not to give customers grief, and not to mock customers who are looking for an efficient (hell, that's why you are a cookie-cutter shop, right?) way to grab something because they need to be somewhere.So, after about 6 months of not stopping in there, I decide to give it a try this morning.  What a mistake that was!  Two people behind the counter, no line, one customer waiting for a bagel to be made.  One of the counter staff was on the telephone, the other was making this other customer's bagel order.  I assume I'll be helped next by the staff after this other customer's bagel order is finished -- no dice. Instead he grabs what apparently was a large telephone order being taken by the other staff person and begins making those orders, and this other staff person for some reason needs to enter this order into their computer.  I wait another 5-10 minutes, meanwhile a line is forming behind me, and still nothing.Avoid this place!
4	Being from NY I always crave bagels when on vacation. Einstein Bros. fits the bill. Only gripe is that their prices are more expensive than NY.  I mean almost $5.00 for a creamcheese bagel and orange juice is a bit pricey. The bagels are also softer than a NY bagel. I like a crispier outside. Regardless of those two things the bagels themselves are good. It has become my standard bagel place every time I am out West.
1	This is the worst Einstein ever. I go to my normal local Einstein and in comparison this place is like going to a 7 eleven. Never have coffee brewed and the employees ignore you when you come in.
5	Went this morning on a busy Saturday and bought bagels,  bagel sandwiches, smoothies and coffee for my six kids, my husband and I. The line was long so I was afraid we would be late for our soccer game (but everyone was hungry). I was blown away by the efficiency of this restaurant.  The blond lady at the cash register was training someone and was fast and accurate and friendly at the same time. As a business owner myself I thought she was a very valuable asset. The order was quickly processed. The line moved fast and our complicated order came out perfect. We were in and out in 5 minutes and enjoyed our breakfast very much. Will definitely be returning.
4	Pretty standard service.  I don't have any complaints but not really anything above and beyond.
