4	I really like this store. The quality is very high but the prices are too. Its worth it for something different, they have nice little dresses and some body jewelery. You do get a dancers discount there, but again, its a little pricey.
5	Love it! Last time I was there I walked right back out! Not this time took two friends and we were in there for 2hours they got some Cute, sexy outfits and John was nice enough to put up a dress for me. Anything you want and they don't have just ASK and you might recieve.... Cause I sure did ;)
2	This is a fairly small store, though I did like a few things I saw there. I did not stay to try them on because I was very uncomfortable around the male shopkeeper. I might have put aside my discomfort and tried something on had it not been for a shouting match he got involved in immediately outside the front of the store. That display of temper made me so uncomfortable, I left.
5	Absolutely the best adult store in Vegas.  Not the largest, but the best  in our opinion. We've shopped here for several years and have always loved the quality of the merchandise especially for these type of clothes/shoes etcetera.. The new owners have taken it to an entirely new level... The store has everything from Dancer gear, Go Go Dancer Gear, and everyday sexy wear for a night out on the town.  OK maybe the wife and I are a bit more out there but great sexy club wear in our opinion... Also, the new sex toy room, mens clothing, and tons of accessories & costumes are great...  Prices are really reasonable compared to other similar stores and the owners will negotiate on some items...  We shop here about twice a month as we attend lots of parties and need costumes or sexy outfits... We've always been able to find exactly what were looking for here...  If you're a dancer or even a woman looking for sexy outfits this is your store...Oh, I read in the last review that the male shop owner made the customer uncomfortable... John has always been very nice and respectful to me and my wife.  We've never experienced a problem with him over the years.... He recently purchased the store as he was the manager for years....
