5	Decorated to feel like you are in a Tuscan Palace Ballroom.  Swathed in White Curtains attached to the high ceilings, balloon curtains in curved passageways.  Hot fresh sourdough bread basket & flatbreads - MmmmmSalmon was fabbyPotatoes done mashed, pomme frite, shoe strings & chipped.Brick Chicken grilled to perfectionYummy Pork Chops fired in wood grilleExcellent Vokda Pasta purses - smack :-)Most extensive childrens menu I've ever seen!Great wine list by the bottle & glass - ck out thier partner vineyard with sketchbook.Bar Bite menu for $2.95 Cappuccinos done to perfectionLoved the atmosphere - I'll be back - YUM!
2	Day 2 and they're off to a good start!--warm, firm-crust sourdough bread, my favorite;--gorgonzola-topped lamb chops didn't work for me. they just don't go together.--crusted lavosh tries too hard, too much rosemary;--crab cakes moist and nice texture, needs more crisp;--warm garnish (lettuce, spinach) salads perfectly cooked!!--lobster bisque has cheese! ew;--shrimp diavolo, needed chives not green onions, penne not right choice for pasta, wanted tomatoes, not just sauce;--no steaks for lunch, except steak salad. very north-scottsdale--ratio of staff to guest is at least 4 to 1, and the place was pretty full (lots of manager types watching your every move); they've spent a lot of time prepping for service details and it shows ... and on the 2nd day!--exciting restaurant opening, you can feel the energy;--chandeliers and wall treatments and "curly fantasy" remind me too much of  Cheesecake Factory (just across the street)--chef stands at the pass in front of the kitchen, Hell's Kitchen-style. he even has the pencil perched on his ear, and he yells out the orders to the kitchen. all that's missing is the "YES! CHEF!!"can't wait to go back next week for a steak dinner.
4	My guy is a big fan of the not-so-chainish-chain, so we went to check out the new location in Scottsdale on opening night.  Thinking it would be busy up til the late hours, we went at 945 and it was empty, leaving us to be that awkward couple left in the restaurant.   The restaurant itself is beautiful, with a great tuscan feel and beautiful draping curtains everywhere; the dining room it a bit odd, however, being just big and open and THERE.Our server was awesome, ensuring us that we were totally welcome to enjoy and take our sweet time.  Though the wine took forever to get to us, the bruchetta came out quick and was DELICIOUS - get the quattro, thats all I have to say.  Caeser was just ok.  Pat ordered the Chicken Alla Sorrentina, which though he thought was only ok, I thought was fresh, flavorful, and wicked tasty.  I got the Penne Mediterranean - I had asked for extra tomato and onion; the server made a mistake and it had none rather than extra.  I pointed it out, and the server brought it out - stone cold straight from the fridge.  When mixed into the pasta, it was basically pure tasteless 1/2 hot 1/2 cold crap.  I told the server it was no bueno, and he sent the manager over immediately.  Before I could say anything, she opened with "I heard your dinner was unsuccessful and unsatisfactory - I wanted you to know your entire dinner is on us" and continued to offer to fix my meal or let me order whatever else I wanted!!!  That kind of customer service is rare and hard to find, and though this is not what I would expect every night at this restaurant (it was opening night after all) I was extremely impressed with the type of restaurant they were trying to establish.  I will definitely be going back again not just for the customer service, but for the satisfying fair priced well cooked food.  Cheers.
4	As one of the major new restaurants in my area, I've been wanting to try Brio since it opened, and I'm glad I did - I was very pleased!-- Roasted red pepper and mozzarella bruschetta was very good...my only complaint is that it could have used a little more balsamic, and the mozz was a little greasy. I personally would have done a mix of mozz and goat cheese but, hey, I'm not the chef.-- Chopped salad was okay...chopped lettuce, cucumber, tomato, onion, olive, and feta in a nice, light dressing-- Pasta alla vodka...highly recommended! tortellini stuffed with ricotta in a spicy tomato cream sauce, with basil, crispy prosciutto, and garlic for that special added kick of flavor that makes this dish unique-- Chicken limone...your standard picatta, but with two huge breasts of chicken and a side of yummy pasta (although the pasta was a little cold)-- "Dolchinos"...small servings of desserts...we tried the key lime pie, which was yummy, but it was the bananas foster creme brulee that evoked a WOW!All-in-all, I'm very pleasantly surprised by this chain restaurant. Lovely dining room, attentive service, and great food at moderate prices (figure $25-30 per person).
2	Beautiful decor, super friendly staff, but it's a chain...Typical italian fare and a brunch menu, so we tried both.  We had the french toast which is better at IHOP or any other breakfast joint.  We also tried the lunch sandwich and salad combo. My turkey club panini was a waste...tons of bread with one slice of turkey, too much cheese, and an unchewable tomato.  The chopped salad was ordinary.We won't be going back. Once is enough.
4	There are many things that come to my mind when I think of Brio.  Interesting food, great quality, elegant atmosphere and friendly service.  But one thing has stood out recently since I have gone there and that is, $2.95 appetizers in the bar until 6pm.  When you think something is $2.95, you probably think it is either a small portion, not good or both of these things.  Well it is neither of these things.  The appetizers are generous portions and great tasting with several selections to choose from.  I want to just make it easy and say to the waiter, I'll have one of each please.  I love a good cheeseburger and the Brio Bistecca Burger is definitely my favorite right now.  It comes on a tasty bun with mozzarella cheese and is served with well done potato chips...yum!  You don't even get messy eating it because they cut it into quarters for you.  The bruschetta is also easy to eat because you can just pick it up and bite it.  They have two different kinds on the happy hour menu.  Roasted Red Pepper & Fresh Mozzarella Bruschetta with fresh basil and a balsamic drizzle and Sliced Steak Brushetta with Gorgonzola Dolce, arugula, fennel, charred tomato, shaved Parmigiano-Reggiano and Tuscan Italian dressing.  There is also a Margherita Flatbread that is prepared with Fresh Mozzarella, vine-ripened tomatoes and fresh basil cooked in an authentic Italian wood-burning oven.  I don't eat calamari but my friends ordered the Calamari Fritto Misto which was fried to a crisp golden brown with peperoncini and they liked it.  This is probably just either half or less than half of what they offer for $2.95.  I still haven't tried either shrimp appetizers or the eggplant appetizer.  The Beef Carpaccio served with field greens, capers, mustard aioli and fresh Parmesan cheese looks excellent as well.  Tuscan culinary creations are perfected at Brio.  If you decide to go, please save me a seat in the bar.  As you can imagine, they go rather quickly.  Buon Appetito!
1	Yuck!    Yet another corporate crap restaurant comes to Scottsdale.   No better than any other chain joint, where it seems the primary ingrediant in any dish is salt.Save your money and fix a nice dinner for yourself at home with a good bottle of wine and you'll be happier for it.
4	NOTE: This is  not a 'walk to' restaurant if you are cruising Kierland....hopefully someone will think of building a pedestrian bridge from Kierland.A Tuscan feel upon entering - to me if smelled of crusty bread too!!I think the restaurant had only been opened a few days - so everything was quite new - including the service staff. No worries there.We stopped in for a quick lunch - they had a great selection of salads - good portion sizes!.Will be back.
4	I've only been here for happy hour, but it's great! 3-6pm and 9-11pm, $2.95 taster menu with 8-10 items on it, drink specials on wednesdays. I've had everything on the taster menu and it's all amazing!!!  A friend and I shared 3 items and were stuffed.  I've had the pasta a la vodka, also amazing.  Definitely worth a visit!!!
3	I've been here twice since it opened, with good memories of one of their locations in OH from years ago.  Good service, with experienced waitstaff that recover from gaffes easily (such as not knowing their own drink menu during dinner service).  First time I had the shrimp and scallop risotto, which was poorly executed to say the least: rice was still overly al dente, sauce was thin and overall just needed a bit more TLC and it could have been good.  The second time I had the shrimp and lobster pasta, and putting aside the miniscule amount of lobster present (two small chunks for a very large pasta portion) the pasta was fresh made and done well and properly sauced.  For apps I have tried the carpaccio (not dressed with any olive oil or lemon and cooked) and the fried calamari which was passable, but not even to the standard of Cheesecake factory.  Finally, most things have been heavily seasoned.  All in all, I will probably end up giving them one more shot
4	My husband and I finally made it to Brio across from Kierland last Saturday night. We usually do not stray too far from the Central corridor and RARELY to Scottsdale but this place was worth it. The place is beautiful inside and busy so I recommend a reservation. We ordered a bottle of Malbec (tasty and only $27.00). My husband ordered the lobster bisque...1 word for that ....mmmmm...and I don't think that's even a word. I ordered a chop salad which was more than enough to share....we followed up by splitting the lasagna. This was where it really got good because they split for us which to me is always a plus and kudo's to the person that can eat a whole piece. The pasta was light and fresh and it was covered with 1/2 alfredo and 1/2 red sauce. Maybe not traditional but was REALLY good. I wish I could have had desert but there was just NO room. All of the other food looked really good as well....and...before I forget the service was great. We were served by Saira who knew her stuff....she was friendly, out going with a great personality and helped answer all of our questions plus threw out her favorites. Next time I am going for HH to try that menu because $2.95 appetizers ALWAYS works for me but if there is no seat at the bar than I would be just as happy in the dining room and I would definetly ask for Saira. P.S....this place won't break your wallet.
4	Two of us tried Brio on a Thursday night at 6 PM.  It wasn't crowded, except in the bar where the happy hour crowd was enjoying themselves.  The rest of the place was only about 70% full so we got a table immediately, and it was pleasant and not noisy.My wife ordered the Bistecca side salad for $3.95 which she said had a great dressing.  She enjoyed it.  The sour dough bread and flat bread was good too.  Our main courses were Angel Hair Pasta Primavera for $14.50, and I had the Daily Fish Special, $18.95, which was three large Sea Scallops with a salad of greens and mixed fresh veggies with  a balsamic vinegar dressing.  I loved the Scallops and salad.  My wife liked her pasta dish too.The desert selections offered were small bowls with different fillings.  We enjoyed the Key Lime pie filling, for $2.45.  Our server was nice, efficient, with just the right amount of attention to our needs without being a bother.The parking is in a multi-level parking garage that is right next to Brio.  It wasn't a hassle to park, but it wasn't very crowded so we parked on the first level.  There is valet parking for $6.Overall we really enjoyed ourselves.  And we think most people would like Brio.  Our total bill was $56.73, before tip.  This included one glass of wine at $7.95, and one beer for $4.75.
4	I went here last week and just had to add my review. The place is gorgeous, the staff was friendly and attentive. I got the Pasta with the Vodka sauce, per reviews on here, and it was PERFECT. I also had the wedge salad which was so delicious. We had the cutest little deserts that came in an espresso cup. My only complaint was I did not like the breads that came before the meal.... and considering my entree wasn't a very big size, it would have been nice to have some really good breads before the meal. All in all, i think you should try it out!
4	Brio Tuscan Grille is a chain of formula restaurants serving Northern Italian  inspired food, much like Maggianno's Little Italy  is a chain that serves more Southern Italian inspired food.It has about 30 locations and is HQ in Ohio. There is another one in Gilbert, AZ.The decor is sumptious and large, with high ceilings, dark woods, draped white cotton materials in archways and to the center of the dining room, with Tuscan marble color inspired motif in beiges and terra cota, and faux terra cota wall textures in golden orange hues.. The bar is a classic marble top with dark wood storage canopy overhead, and several booths where there is no wait. The dining room is very large, almost ballroom size. There is also a large patio for snowbirds to enjoy the Scottsdale winter weather. I-Pop plays incessently on the speakers. (I-Pop is Italian top 40s music, not the latest music player from Apple!)The food is Tuscan inspired but has an American slant to many dishes and ingredients. And like Maggiano's, the dishes are HUGE!I sat at the bar for lunch and ordered from the Primi portion of the menu (meaning first, or appetizers) a Beef Carpaccio ($9.95) and Spicy Pepper Shrimp on Grilled Eggplant ($9.95).  They were served in long narrow oval dishes. The Carpaccio was in a plate about 18 inches long! Nice raw beef, covered with olive oil, capers, and a streak of Aioli. In the center was a stack of arugula in a nice, sweet, but light dressing, and served with 2 triangles of brittle cheese infused bread crackers.The Shrimp came in a rich cream sauce, with each shrimp laying atop a breaded and grilled Melanzone, or eggplant wedge, with a healthy dose of black pepper throughout to spice it up. The flavors were great, but a little overdone in richness and peppers, and too oily in the eggplant. They serve fresh warm bread and herb seasoned cracker wedges with butter, complimentary. Iced tea was $2.50.Service was very friendly, and professional. All staff wear white shirts and Ties, like you would find in most restaurants in Firenze, Italia..This is a great place to bring family and friends in the beautiful new Scottsdale Quarter mall, which is still under construction and right across from the higher end Kierland Commons on North Scottsdale Road.
4	I cannot believe I haven't done a review on this place. I have been to this location as well as the one out in San Tan Village.  I came to an happy hour here and let me tell you, there $2.95 happy hour appetizers were yummy. The portions were huge as well. There were about 7 of us and we ordered the calamari, the crabcakes, spinach and artichoke dip and the Beef Carpaccio. All of them were quite good. I love me some calamari and when it is made just right like this order was, it takes everything in me not to eat it all! We also ordered a few bottles of wine and for the life of me, I cannot remember what they were but they were good bottles of red. A friend of ours picked up our tab which was especially sweet. (Thanks Frankie!)
5	WOW, they sat us on time and  the food was very fresh, cooked perfectly  and tasted great and the decor made us feel like we were in Tuscany. My wife and I called them Saturday around noon and made a reservation for 7:45 as we were taking some friends out for their birthday. we showed up at 7:15 to try their wine before hand. When we got there they were telling people that there was over an hour wait. However, they sat us right on time.  The wine selection was limited however, everything we tasted was excellent. The two slight negatives for us personally are that they serve Pepsi instead of Coke and I don't like Pepsi and because it was so busy, it was rather noisy which made it hard to carrying a conversation. I RECOMMEND THIS PLACE and cant wait to go back.
4	Been there twice for dinner and both times were good. Big open room which gets kind of noisy, but it's a fun place. This is a chain, somewhere between Carabas and Maggianos. I tend to get the veal piccata type of dish at Italian places as a measure, and the veal here was very good. the wines were reasonable, waitstaff attentive, food was good. I looked over at my friend's lasagna and it looked gooey, sloppy, whatever to me. He enjoyed it. The prices were reasonable enough to put Brio on the list for a night out during the week.
4	I've been to Brio for both dinner and happy hour, and enjoyed both experiences.  The happy hour tasting menu has a bunch of items for just $2.95!  We had the burger, margharita flatbread, shrimp and eggplant and the steak bruschetta....all were really good and decent sized portions.  But make sure to get there early to snag a table, it is first come, first serve seating in the bar area and only goes until 6 pm!The only thing that I have had a Brio so far that I would not suggest is the lobster bisque.  I absolutely adore lobster bisque, but this version was so thick...you almost had to chew it!  Other than the bisque, the food has been perfect, seafood risotto, Gorgonzola lamb chops....all excellent.  And if you still have room for dessert...you must try the caramel creme brulee....it is amazing!
4	We tried Brio tonight for the first time and loved it. The wait was pretty long, so we ended up in the Bar and grabbed a table in the bar when one opened up. The dark wood and decor are nice - we liked the feel. The bread was fresh, warm and delicious. I liked my pasta and butter (for those of you who know me, you know I'm super picky). My husband, who really only ever "loves" hot, spicy new mexican food, "loved" his dish - Chicken Milanese Pomodoro - I never hear him talk that way about Italian food. The rest of our party was enthusiastic about the food and atmosphere as well. We'll be back!
2	Okay Brio, I will give you the fact that your Happy Hour 'tasters' menu is quite good. I will even give you your bruschetta (the tasty steak is the best) is fantastic, but your service is seriously in need of some attention. When dining in the dining room, service is your typical average, however every time I have been in the bar for Happy Hour or for a quick bite the service has been some of the weakest in the area. Today we waited for 10 minutes for the bartender (who is the server in the bar) to come over to us to take our order. He hardly said a word and the entire interaction was simply awkward. The interaction did not improve (to my dismay) as time went on. My mom and I had a few giggles over the awkward moments but by the time we finished and had to flag down another server for our check, we were done with the giggles. If you go, try the bruschetta... oh, and avoid a seat in the bar.
4	Friends have raved about Brios in other parts of the country, so I finally went to the one near me. Absolutely loved the Pasta alla Vodka. Handmade pasta filled with ricotta cheese, bits of prosciutto, in the best vodka sauce ever. My friend ordered the crab cakes & also loved them. Great service, nice atmosphere, all around wonderful dining experience.
3	My wife and I have been to this restaurant 3 times and dont know if we'll go again. Brio has potential as noted by our first dining experience but it seems to have gotten worse each time thereafter. We noticed the sauces have become watered down with smaller portions and when we called them on it we were told they do that for the happy hour crowd but we were in the dining room for dinner. They did replace the dish with the correct sauce and portions but we still felt as though they were trying to pull one over on us. When your spending more than $50 on a meal for two nothing should be watered down. The service which was amazingly good when they first opened has also slipped and we found ourselves feeling somewhat neglected at times with a forgetful waiter. Consequently, I've noticed we dont seem as motivated to visit them on date night anymore. Hope management cleans up their act.
3	So the inside looks like Cheesecake Factory.  The servers were friendly enough.  One of our guests just wanted water and was asked by another server and the manager if she needed anything to drink.  Attentive, but kind of annoying.  The bruschetta I tried was tasty.  The bread was more soft than crusty, which is what I like.  I'm not a fan of bruschetta  that tears up the roof of my mouth, so they got props for that.  The florentine reminded me of spinach dip.  I also tried one with prociutto, figs, and asparagus.  I think they should have cut the asparagus in half to cover the bread rather than run down the center.  It was still good.I was brought a chopped salad, but I ordered a Ceasar.  The food runner tried to convince me that I actually ordered the chopped.  This is a pet peeve of mine.  It's ok to make mistakes; just correct them.  Don't try to convince me I've lost my mind and can't remember what I said 15 minutes before.  The food runner seemed to have drank about 13 Red Bulls before his shift; so that may have had something to do with his intensity to force chopped salad on me.They definitely took the name of the restaurant literally when creating their food.  My pork chop tasted like the grill.  It was weird.  It reminded me of when you cook a hot dog on a grill for longer than a minute and it's covered in black.  My pork chop tasted like the grill burns.  The mashed potatoes and asparagus were good.  Nothing to write home about.  They set down food 3 other times to try to serve us that was meant for other tables.  We all said if they did it one more time we'd just take it and ask for a box.  I don't know that I would care to eat it though.If you're looking for a place to dine in the Kierland Corrider, you have many many better options to select.
5	I was posting another review and came across a rather poor review for Brio.  I have been here about 6 times, but have never ordered a real meal.  We are more of the order 6 appetizers and drink a bottle of wine crowd, so I can really only comment on the service, apps, and wine.  Service has ALWAYS been great.  Never had an issue, or a wrong order, anything like that.  Everyone has always been friendly and competent.  The wine list is very good, and I am a wine snob.  Always served at the correct temperature, and nice selection.  The appetizers have always been really good - we especially like the seared scallops, gorgonzola lamb chops, beef carpaccio, and the lobster bisque soup!  Don't let the mediocre reviews here scare you away from trying it... pick a nice night and sit outside on the patio!!
4	Good food, good staff. Great Happy Hour food and prices. Everything is $2.95.
1	The poorest excuse for an ITALIAN restaurante.   The worst service and most disgusting food.  F*ck this place.  I had 14 guests there for my birthday and spent $800 on crap.  These sons of bitches mixed water in our Patron Tequila shots.  5 guests ordered lamb chops and all were burnt to a crisp and RAW on the inside.  Pasta was chewy like gum and stuck to our teeth.   Marsala sauce looked like BBQ sauce.  Absolutely pathetic!!!!!!!  Half of my guests didnt even eat anything off their plates and the retarded waitors nor the manager would even care why the plates were coming back untouched.   long story short this place sucks and some of my guests n myself grabbed a burger and in & out.   Good thing is I work directly across the street from there and work with many clients and I make sure I tell everyone how gross their food and  service is.This was only half the story as I get too frustrated to type anymore. (great place to impress a chick that night but thats it!!!)PS.....................please please please support your local mom and pop restaurants.
3	I was here a couple of days ago for lunch with a client.  Instead of fighting for parking at Kierland, why not check this place out the next time you're in the area?It's an attractive restaurant with a big open dining area.  Kinda fun to people watch.I had the mezza chicken.  Basically a chicken breast, mashed potatoes, grilled veggies with a mushroom sauce over the top.  Plenty of food, that's for sure.Good service and reasonable prices.
4	I met a friend for a bite to eat and a shopping day. I got a brunch item a poached egg with a shrimp/crab cake on the side with some potatoes. A mixed berry lemonade. This place was really nice, and the food was really good. I heard from a friend that their dinner menu is good as well, can't wait to try it next time.
2	I had heard from several people the food here was good.  As I travel to Italy often I'm fairly picky about Italian food but am willing to make allowances for Italian-American restaurants.I had the lobster bisque which wasn't terrible but not great either.  A little too peppery and some pieces of what seemed to be dried fish.  I had ordered what I thought was the crab/shrimp cake appetizer but was brought the meal.  Since I hadn't actually looked at that part of the menu I didn't realize it wasn't the appetizer until I got the bill.  The crab/shrimp cake was adequate but there was too much filler for my taste.  The grilled potatoes and vegetables that came with the crab/shrimp cake were not warm.  Completely over-priced.The service was glacially slow.I will not return.
2	I should have written this earlier as it has been over a month but the poor service was memorable enough to have me writing this a month late.  I chose to go to Brio for my birthday dinner after having had lunch their with my mom.  So here are my two reviews:Lunch: Service was slow to get started but once our waiter started he was great.  My mom and I shared the bruschetta quattro and the Insalata Roma.  The Bruschetta's were good and the salad was excellent.  We also shared some mini chocolate dessert that was as good as those little shot glass desserts get.  We really enjoyed sharing the bruschetta and experiencing the different flavors.  The atmosphere  was wonderful so I wanted to try dinner.Birhday Dinner: My husband had called ahead of time to make reservations and let them know it was my birthday and that we would want some sort of birthday dessert.  When we arrived we were seated right away.  As I was reviewing the menu I watched the table across from us as they seemed to be having some trouble and the manager was getting involved.  10 minutes later, after no service, we asked that waiter of the table across from us if he could find our waiter.  Turns out, it was him.  Great.  He finally came over and got us started.  Most of our food was good.  Let me point out what wasn't.  My daughter ordered a side caesar salad with her meal.  When it came, there was no dressing.  Let me clarify.  It wasn't lightly dressed, it had no dressing at all.  Just a bowl of lettuce with a couple of croutons.  My mom ordered the Penne Mediterranean which was completely flavor-less.  My husbands "surf and terf" was supposed to come with crispy potatoes, but they were missing from his plate when we were served.  Upon asking the waiter had no clue that they should have been included with the meal.  I will say that when they did arrive, they were our favorite part of our meal.  They forgot to note my birthday so we ordered the Dessert Trio to share and all of those were quite excellent.
4	When I walked in I felt like I was in a restaurant in the Venetian or Balaggio hotel. Realy nice and the host staff and waiters gave the best service you cuould possibly get. I ordered the homemade tortellini stuffed with a ricotta mixture covered in a pink vodka sauce. The dish was right on, 5 stars for this dish alone. I only wish there were a few more tortellini cause i could have eaten them till i exploded. Anyway dad got the pork chops topped with gorgonzola . He loved them. My mom and girlfriend got the steak topped with hollidaise. They both liked that but the steaks were over done a bit. They had a huge party they served before us and think our steaks were forgotten about and were a little over cooked. We told the waitress and they took both dishes off the bill and gave us free dessert. We got the dessert sampler and molten lava cake. Freakin unreal desserts. I will be back I would have given them 3 stars cause of the over cooked steaks but they made up for that in a big way and I will be back.
5	I have eaten at this wonderful and beautiful restaurant many times. Every time has been great! The service was fast, helpful and friendly. The atmosphere is comfortable and upscale. The food is well portioned, plated perfectly and tastes delectable. There is many selections and will have something for any ones taste buds. I would strongly recommend the bruchetta combination for an appetizer.
4	My husband and I love the atmosphere at Brio Tuscan Grille.  Upon walking in the door we were greeted by five smiling friendly faces at the hostess desk.  As a hostess walked us into the dining room I asked her to seat us at a booth, which was not a problem since It was early in the evening.  Our waitress was just as friendly. We ordered two appetizers and savored every bite of the crab and shrimp cakes and gorgonzola lamb chops...YUM!! (These appetizers are also listed on the menu as entrees.) My husband ordered a fish special as his entree.  I don't recall the fish name though our waitress explained it was similar to sea bass.  So far everything we ordered was perfectly cooked...moist with plenty of blended flavors.  The entree I ordered was spicy shrimp with orzo and vegetables. The veges were tender though the shrimp was a bit over cooked. I'm crazy about orzo...this was extremely oily. After several bites I gave up on trying to justify the oiliness.  This wasn't our first time at Brio and certainly not our last. Their menu has so many scrumptious sounding items I'm getting hungry writing about them!
4	Had lunch with my boss at this place last week. Very nice on the inside, surprised to find out this place was a chain.Had the tomato bisque and split the bruschetta sampler. Both plates were excellent. Everything was freshly made (our waiter reiterated this fact several times). My favorite bruschetta had the caramelized onions on it. Also, I loved the mini deserts. Great way to have something sweet without paying/eating too much. I ordered the Bread Pudding and it was AMAZING. I
2	I went here for lunch today with a friend.The marlin special sounded good so we both ordered it.Not such a great idea.  The marlin was overcooked.  My friend said it tasted like chicken.  The roasted veggies were just ok as well.Next time I'll stick with one of the pasta dishes.
4	After recently returning from Italy I discovered the Brio Tuscan Grill while shopping at the Apple Store.  With a new appreciation for Italian food I tried the Risotto and Insalata on the lunch menu.  The Bistecca Insalata (a quarter cut of head lettuce and creamy ranch dressing with tomatoes and bacon) was crispy and tasty.  It could almost make a meal by itself with a glass of red Tuscan wine along with the seed filled crackers for extra taste.The Risotto with Shrimp and Scallop was a small but adequate portion.  A little more flavor but not nearly the size nor quality of fresh shellfish I had along the waterfront in the Fishing Village below the town of Sorrento.All in all a good new spot for lunch on the patio as fall finally approaches the Valley of the Sun.
4	Love the environment and set-up. Trendy with a bit of class. I had there egg plant apetizer and it was amazing! The sauce was great!
3	Finally went to Brio today, for lunch.First thing I said when we walked in, "are they owned by Cheesecake Factory?"  The atmosphere is Cheesecake Factory-esque, with a Tuscan flare.The menu is pretty big, nothing really stood out to me on it though.  Their brunch menu items looked like they had some potential but I was not in a brunch mood unfortunately.  Had the Lobster bisque to start, pretty good, but I've had better.  (The Lobster Bisque at Ocean Club REALLY spoils you.....lol)  Sister had the Beef Carpaccio appetizer...which was HUGE.  It's a huge, long plate of thinly sliced carpaccio with a small bunch of mixed greens in the center...it was pretty good, but nothing that I went crazy over.Had the Pasta alla Vodka for entree and again, pretty good but nothing amazing.  They are little ricotta filled pasta purses (don't know the technical pasta name for them, so that's how I'd best describe them!), in a delicious tomato/parmesan/vodka sauce with smoked bacon.  Very tasty, but not life changing.Food wise, it kinda reminded me of an Olive Garden, but a little more upmarket.  Maybe if Olive Garden made love to a Cheescake Factory....you'd end up with a Brio Tuscan Grille?
4	I don't know if it was the company or what.  After reading the reviews I was a little skeptical, but I wanted to try it, and since my husband was not interested in checking this place out,  I went with two of my favorite girlfriends.  I ordered the Pasta alla Vodka, and I did like it, A LOT.  The soft ricotta purses, were so yummy, specially if you ate it with a morsel of the crispy pancetta.  Our server was very nice, I think his name was Edward.  They were very attentive to our needs. The place is like a better Maggiano's IMHO.  The prices are very reasonable and we had a great time, we were there for two hours.
3	I stopped in for lunch as I was in the area and had some time to kill.  I was pleasantly surprised by the ambience and the food at the Brio.  It is across the street from Kierland Commons in the Scottsdale Quarter, and kind of out of the way if you are at Kierland.  But I was visiting the Apple Store, so it was a convenient stop. It is very nice inside and spacious, although not very intimate.  There are several small areas set off from the main room, but the over-all affect is like a large chain restaurant. I was there right after the lunch rush hour, so the servers were not busy.  There were two that were taking care of my table, and they were very pleasant, and very attentive.  Their suggestions were helpful, especially as to the size of the servings and the daily specials.  I had the bruschetta sampler and the Pasta alla Vodka and both were very good. The prices were reasonable, and that, along with the service and quality of food made it a very enjoyable lunch.The servers did tell me about their bar menu and happy hour, which sounds very interesting.  I will have to stop in next time I'm in the area - I'm always looking for good HH.
4	I have eaten at this location 4 times now and have had an enjoyable experience each time. Yes, it is a chain. It does not try to be, nor claim to be a locally owned & operated restaurant. That being said, it is a very nice chain restaurant with a slightly upscale feel with lovely decor. I always order the Pasta Fra Diavolo with shrimp and have them add mushrooms to it. I like my diavolo sauce extra spicy so I also add some crushed red pepper which gives it a nice kick! It's a great dish so I don't bother ordering anything else. My dining companions have recommended the crab & shrimp cakes & the grilled salmon as well. The bread basket is also delicious, but be careful not to fill up on it! It's tempting, trust me!
5	Just had a great brunch with hubby Howard at Brio Tuscan Grille in Scottsdale. Had their beef carpaccio. Large enough fo two with capers, special mustard and olive oil and forcaccio crackers. Fabulous and two great bloody Marys. The perfect Sunday light brunch for under $25. need I say try it!
4	Atmosphere - If the Pope decided to make a bootlegged version of the Cheesecake Factory and build it smack-dab in the middle of the Vatican you would have Brio Tuscan Grill. I know, I know, the Vatican is nowhere near Tuscany, but I think you get my point.  Service - Have you ever disturbed an anthill and watched the whole colony explode with activity? That's how Brio felt tonight. There were servers, bussers and ancillary staff hastily moving about, keeping everything in order.  Like a finely tuned machine, every angle was covered, every crumb quickly swept aside.  Did that teenager just windex my menu? Henry Ford would be proud, for apparently the US restaurant industry has become a quintessential assembly line operation. If the formula if followed, so too will profits. Food - The food tastes great. Is that any surprise? Among other things, my entree contained the following ingredients... lobster, shrimp, fettucini, mushrooms, asparagus and heavy cream.  I am almost insulted they didn't throw bacon, truffles and a few sticks of butter in there. I love food and I was really hungry, so what I had for dinner at Brio would be the equivalent of giving an alcoholic a bottle of Louis XIII Cognac and asking if they like the taste of it.  Effin A yeah I liked it! What do you expect? There are some foods on this wondrous planet of ours that simply taste incredible regardless of the setting. I should have ordered the roast chicken so I would have a better idea of weather or not this place really knows how to cook. Oh, we also had the fried ravioli appetizer. Stuffed with ricotta resting on top of a very good marinara sauce. Don't even get me started.  Summary - Either way, what I had was very good, but it's nothing that you can't get from about a dozen other Italian chains out there.  It's like the macaroni grill but with larger portions, nicer bathrooms and a 30% price hike.  Next time I am starving, craving a rich, creamy pasta dish and I happen to be in the neighborhood I'll probably come here again. And lastly, the red wine served at Brio is effective, as I am sure you can tell from the above review.
3	This place reminds me of Vegas-meets-Cheesecake factory decor wise.  It's loud and kind of cheesy on the inside, although peeking out at the patio, it seems nicer out there (and quieter)  It's your run of the mill corporate restaurants.  The food is decent, the portions are enormous!  You can't really go wrong with the pastas here, although my angel hair was about 30 seconds over cooked.  My co worker had the lasagna and she wasn't a fan of it at all plus it looked pretty pathetic and way too cheesy.  They have decent lunch specials, and if you are just grabbing a bite when you are around the SQ it serves it's purpose for an average meal, at average prices.
4	Went to Brio Tuscan Grille in Kierland for a lunch meeting.  It was the perfect atmosphere to do business - prompt service, good food, lots of space, and a moderate pace to the meal.   Plus, upscale food at reasonable prices.  A very diverse menu and lunch specials ranging from $7.95 to around $20I had the salad and risotto lunch for $11.95.  A huge wedge salad and a solid portion of the sweet potato and chicken risotto.  There was a considerable amount of meat in the risotto (I actually would have preferred less) and the rice was well seasoned with chicken stock, sweet potato, asparagus, and onions. Bread and flatbread were brought to the table before we ordered.The service could have been a little more attentive.  The server admitted she was new to the restaurant, but seemed unnecessarily nervous or distracted. I'm sure with a little more training, this will be a 5-star experience!
2	I have been wanting to try this place out for a long time and have heard great reviews.  At 130p on a Friday there was a 20 minute wait.  BUT...there was a table in the bar so we opted for that instead.  We sat down and ordered and were very excited about the atmosphere.  We ordered the ravioli for an appetizer, OMG delicious!  Superb!  Amazing!!!  We then moved on to the Italian wedding soup- Yikes- something went wrong.  The orzo looked like rice and was in clumps on the bottom of the bowl.  It was so salty I could not even eat it.  I had to return it.  There didn't seem to be a problem with that and our waitress did take it off the bill.  Oh by the way, I had to ask 3 times for more butter for the lovely flat bread and sourdough they place on the table.  Also, my friend had to ask twice for hot water for her tea.  The service was slow, forgetful, and not so friendly.  So, let's get back to the food.   I had ordered a flatbread which was basically a totinos pizza. yuck!  I had 2 corners and my friend took it home with her to take to work for lunch.  I would rather spend 99 cents for a cheap frozen pizza than eat at this place again.  Maybe a little happy hour with the ravioli- but nothing more...
4	Went to Brio for dinner early Sat. night. They were on a wait (of course) so we opted to sit in the Lounge. (I have heard  that they offer an awesome happy hour, apps are $2.95. I am looking forward to returning and taking advantage of that!)  Anyways.. This is my second time here and both times I have ordered the Pasta Alla Vodka. Absolutely Delicious!! It was so good, I don't want to venture out and try anything else on the menu!  Our server was great. It was a wonderful experience!
4	Delicious dinner optionsExcellent service and attentive wait staffHad the salmon on breaded tomatoes - excellentWould recommend getting the side salad as there is not much in the way of greens with the dinnerPAsta dishes were delicious and well presentedAttentive to the children attending with us
5	Before heading off to the iPIC theater, we decided to have dinner there because it was 6 PM on a Saturday and it was busy, but we were able to get a table for 4. The place reminds you have Cheesecake Factory or Cafe Lux, but the prices are a tad bit higher.From the time we sat down to the time we left, it was a great dining experience. The waiter made us feel at home. he made sure our water glasses were full. As for the food, my wife had the crab and shrimp cakes and said it was the BEST she has EVER had.  I had the Grilled Shrimp with Orzo which was excellent. Presentation was beautiful and the dish had lots of flavor with the right amount of heat. Our friends shared the Grilled Salmon dish which was wonderful. The manager stopped by to see how everything was and chatted with us for a few minutes.When we departed at 7:15 PM, there was a crowd at the door waiting for tables. I definitely will be back.
3	My wife and I went here Tuesday night for dinner with a plan to come a bit early, sit at the bar, and enjoy some happy hour cocktails.  Our plan was thwarted when we realized this place was some sort of cougar gathering place.  The bar was packed with little hope of somebody getting up.  So, we just took a seat in the main dining area without a wait.Anyway, everything to say about this place has already been said on here.  I expected much more because of the location but it really was just an upscale Olive Garden that charges triple.The Gorgonzola Lamb Chops appetizer was great and so was the Bistecca Insalata.  I should have just stopped there and let that be my dinner.  Instead, for an entree, I ordered the Garganelli Carbonara which was waaaay too creamy, oversauced and under-flavorful.  It was not advertised like that on the menu.  Almost everything else on the menu sounds good but I doubt the stuff tastes as good as it looks.  My wife had some sort of shrimp dish that looked excellent but was way to salty and no doubt contained frozen shrimp.The service was very good but I probably won't be back.  I almost never have pasta so when I do splurge I want it to be delicious and the stuff here is just blah.
4	Brio's weekend brunch is not only very good, it's a great value.  Brunch is all off the menu - no buffet here - and entrees run about $10-$13.  We tried the frittata special with the day's selection of veggies and cheeses, the sausage crepes that turned out to be creamy sausagey wonderfulness, and their version of eggs benedict that tasted an awful lot like good old classic e.b.  The yolks were slightly overcooked, but otherwise it was a very good e.b.  Their coffee is suprisingly weak for an italian restaurant, but caffiene is caffiene, and refills kept coming.  Never had a bloody mary with salt on the glass. It was exceptional.  In addition to breakfast items, they also offer their lunch menu during brunch.I got into a battle of wills with Scottsdale Quarter over parking.  They want you to valet.  Who needs to valet when there's a huge empty parking garage steps from Brio's entrance.  But half the parking spaces in the garage are roped off?  We eventually found a spot on the third floor, because I was determined not to submit to their passive-aggressive valet demands....but I digress. Back to Brio itself.They do take reservations, the atmosphere is relatively elegant with both indoor and patio seating, and the serivce was extremely professional and solicitous.  Combine that with the good food, and Brio has all the makings for a stress-free brunch.  Um, once you've parked.
4	Brio Tuscan Grill offers great food selections which are very tasty and is itself a fun place to eat!We have come here many times and have really grown to enjoy their late-Lunch menu, along with their Happy Hour in the bar area.  We have found that they come by often and refill glasses without being asking and will give you a brief update on how long it will be before your main item is served.  It is these little things which make me give them Five Stars; that and the great tasting food.Brio has recently updated their Lunch menu to included most items for $7.95, while the HH is a flat $2.95 per item, all very good.Like most restaurants their Wait staff is very attentive mostly until it starts to get crowded.   I'm sure most restaurants do poorly at 6pm on a Friday night, but I've learned either to go slightly early or go late so to avoid the nonsense of the dinner rush.Enjoy!
4	I've never been much of a fan of happy hour....Reason being, I like to eat and generally Happy Hour mostly focuses around tiny portions, usually hit or miss, unpredictable or all of the above.Well, I came out of my shell after being invited my friends to Brio Tuscan Grille for the best time of the day...First, my social life needs a little work so it felt good to be out and to mingle, but I won't lie to you - I went there for the food and I was far from disappointed.The Brio Tuscan Grille Happy Hour menu is tiny...just  a couple of items. However, the service is very attentive and swift. I am basing my experience on a wonderful setting, match made in heaven weather, mind blowing prices, and absolutely scrumptious dishes...$ 2.95 really - I've got to call that the smoking deal of the century.Brio you really wowed me, and not only did my social life get a little polished, but my taste buds also had an orgasm...what a way to kill two birds in one stone...Will be back!
3	I gotta admit, I've spent several happy hours out on the patio at Brio. Our usual server is a cute young thing and he always remembers our tastes. While I'd like some drink specials for happy hour, you can't complain about a $2.95 appetizer list... and everything tastes pretty good. By everything, I mean we ordered one of everything and went through 4 bottles of wine our first time there. It's also a terrific people watching spot; leave it to Scottsdale to have constant traffic at the valet out front when there's a half-empty parking garage 10 feet away.Recommendations: the flavor of the shrimp with eggplant was great (I wouldn't call it spicy, though), and the roasted red pepper bruschetta was really tasty as well (despite the fact that I hate peppers).
2	Like they say, you can put lipstick on a pig...but its still a pig. The food and the service are NOT what I expect from this beautifully decorated restaurant. I would have been better off at Caraba's. I've been to Brio about 3 times now. The 3rd (and likely last) time was a recent Sunday for brunch. There were 7 adults and 4 children. Our server seemed disorganized from the time she took our order to the time we had to hunt her down thru a passing server to ASK for the check.  Our entrees came out in batches. Some at my table were eating 3-4 minutes before my food arrived. I expected all the food to come out at the same time...even if that meant our server had assistance. To top it off, my food was cold. My salad that I ordered for appetizer was over dressed and the lettuce wilted. When a woman in my party asked for water, the server only brought ONE water. She didn't ask anyone else at the table if they'd like water also. When the server brought the single water, she made it a point to say "we don't automatically serve water". I know we have a water shortage in AZ, but damn! At least ask! Only the kids and the 2 adults who ordered French Toast seemed pleased w/ their food. 2 of the kids probably don't count, as they are 1.5 years old! These growing boys were just happy to be eating! Fantastic food can make bad service bearable. Outstanding service & presentation can make "OK" food great. But mediocre service AND food call for a 3 strikes and you're out in my eyes.
4	really good food & a good bar.  the location is good too.  definitely gone back numerous times.  parking is a bit of a pain, but not horrible and they have valet, although i think valet is the biggest scam around.
4	Happy hour is a killer time here at Brio.  Not only do they have happy hour, but they have reverse happy hour!  I came in for 50% Ravioli, and I found out about some awesome Happy Hour prices of grand total of $3 per appetizer.  1 or 2 appetizers, you are good to go.  I highly recommend the Lobster Ravioli.  It had a spicy flavor with the right amount of sauce and cream.  The lobster inside felt like I was in heaven!My only complaint of the night that does not give this great place a 5 star is that service was quite slow.  It could have been because of the many patrons during happy hour, but there was not as much detail and attention.If you are looking for authentic tasting food as though you were in Tuscany, Brio is the place to go.
4	Food was excellent!  Decor was fabulous! Would have given 5 stars but was a little bit noisy.  Will absolutely be going back.  Soon I hope!
4	Brio is delish, plain and simple. I have yet to get something that isnt tasty. I live about 15-20 miles from one so I dont get out there too often but I do wish there was one closer to my area.
1	There are way better original italian places to go...I promise
4	We went for happy hour and I would for sure go back just for that again! We had the happy hour version of the following: burger, pizza, bruschetta, and ravioli. Each was $3! Only thing better would have been better drinks on happy hour. There wasnt much of a selection of draft beer or cocktails--and the prices werent as good as the food. It was packed when we arrived on a Friday evening. The service was great considering the rush at the bar area.
3	I've been to Brio several times (all lunch) and it's a decent spot.  Through architectural trickery, somehow all the restaurants at the Scottsdale Quarter are made to appear very small from the outside yet lo and behold are cavernous upon entry!I had the Mediterranean Chicken Salad (my diet attempt for upcoming Hawaii trip) and it was ok.  Unexciting.  I've also had the flatbreads here and I believe pasta once....but it's just not memorable.Service has always been good, and the lunch specials very reasonable.  The best bread item (seasoned crisps) were stale this time--no bueno.I can't get excited about Brio, it's food, and faux Tuscan architecture but I can't really knock it.  Oh, and the bathroom really smelled like a bathroom--not cleansers but um...urine.  Seal that travertine folks!
1	My guests and I were seated and we asked for bread, as one couple had just gotten off a plane and they  were starved.  We got it 20 minutes later after asking 3 more times and threatening to leave.The Calamari appetizer was the worst ever.  50% of the plate (not exagearting) was old breading, and the calamari was tough and overcooked.I ordered the Shrimp Risotto, which used to come with shrimp and scallops.   No more scallops.  But of course they raised the price on the dish anyway.   Welcome to new American dining.   Cut the food.  Raise the prices.Brio presents a nice atmosphere because it was physically well designed.  Problem is, they forgot to hire anyone who can cook or provide nice table service.
3	The originality of the dishes are platitudinous however there was some fresh and delicious qualities. The bruschetta flight was decent (every place feels the need to put bruschetta on something that has the texture of a stale pretzel but its so much better on a piece of lightly toasted bread like sourdough) and the risotto had good flavor but the shrimp inside the dish were puny. Solid wine list, good happy hour, plus good service would bring me back for a snack and a drink... I would probably skip dinner though and just patron the happy hour.
5	This is one of my favorite spots as it has the trifecta of great ambiance, service, and food. During my last visit, our server recommended the Spicy Shrimp and Eggplant* appetizer, and with good reason too! . It was amazingly flavorful, saucy, and peppery. By the way, saucy means having the ability to mop it up with the complimentary bread!As far as entrees go, my two favorites are the Pasta Alla Vodka* (this was also recommended by our server) and the Fettuccine Napoli. I'm a bacon lover and these both have pancetta ;) The Seared Shrimp Risotto* and Citrus Chicken* both have great but simpler flavors in comparison to the previously mentioned menu items. I hate to say anything negative about this place, but the shrimp in the risotto was most definitely seared as described, but a bit on the tasteless side as well.During my first visit, we tried the bread pudding dessert.. To this day I still fondly think of it and often imagine the next time we will meet again. I'll be damned if you find a better bread pudding!Last but not least, the bellinis are awesome! I definitely recommend the peach bellini over the raspberry bellini as the raspberry is a generic kind of fruity and the peach is just... peachy :)While I've been to better Italian restaurants, this place is amazing in terms of location and bang for your buck.* = check out my photos!
4	I went here last night for a business dinner and was quite impressed. Our table had the Spicy Shrimp and Eggplant appetizer as well as the assorted Bruschetta Quattro - YUM!!  We were also treated like royalty, I might add, by the staff. Of course, it probably didn't hurt that one of my new co-workers used to work with the General Manager! LOLFor dinner, I ordered the Citrus Chicken w/Shrimp Scampi and Orzo. Wowwee wow! Tasty - went well with our bottles of White Oak Chardonnay. I didn't have any dessert (I'm trying to lose 7 lbs), but did try my new director's Creme Brulee and it was HEAVEN in a dish!
4	Three of us dined. I had a whole roasted chicken with mashed potatoes and grilled veggies was excellent. Of course, I could not eat a whole thing. My son really enjoyed ravioli w/ tasty sauce. My wife had crab cakes which was good. Our waiter was very friendly and attentive. Do I go back again? Yes, definitely.
4	We went for happy hour and were pleasantly surprised. They have a $2.95 food menu for happy hour and the options were very good. I had the Margarita flatbread and my companion had the Angus burger. Both tasted great. The burger, although on a $2.95 menu is a full size burger cut into 4 pieces. I also had a mojito which was very good, although this can easily vary by bartender.
2	I must admit, I had high hopes for this place... and given the posh, upscale atmosphere, I was ready to be wowed. The only "wow" I had, however, was at how disappointed I was.The food was far from spectacular; my Caesar salad had very little flavor (even for a Caesar salad,) and my eggplant pomodoro had just barely enough sauce to get some with each bite. The flavor on this, as well, was somewhat lacking. The spaghettini which came with it, however, was well presented and had a nice fresh flavor.Then, of course, there was the service. I would highly recommend NOT going here for a quick lunch. We ended up being there for nearly two hours, 30 minutes of which was waiting for our check. In addition, the server was rather brusque when my friend asked for recommendations.Overall, definitely not impressed. For as lavish as the decor is, and given the prices on the menu, I was expecting far better. Most certainly not recommended.
3	Happy hour: love the lounge and patio atmosphere. $5 cocktails and $2.95 appetizers! The shrimptini and spicy shrimp & eggplant appetizers were awesome as were the peach bellinis. The shrimptini was refreshing though a bit heavy on the dressing, and the spicy shrimp & eggplant was gooooood, as in I-want-to-dive-into-a-pool-filled-with-this-stuff-and-eat-my-way-out kind of good! Get the ravioli caprese if you dig Costco frozen meals and hate caprese - i.e. there was virtually no caprese. The formaggio was also kind of bland, which says a lot since I am an asiago lover. I still love you, Brio, and I suppose I can't really complain too much since $30 (including tip) got me a round of drinks and four appetizers. Still my numero uno at Scottsdale Quarter.
3	Love the upscale feeling...and the outdoor seating for great people watching. Great after work happy hour spot, with happy hour specials on appetizers and drinks. Food tastes very fresh and homemade.
2	My boyfriend and I were very disappointed by this restaurant. We expected to be impressed, and simply were not. This place does not live up to its hype. We came here for a birthday dinner, and I had a certificate for a free Beef Medallions with Shrimp Scampi. We also ordered the Brio Chopped salad and Calamari. The salad was delicious, but we weren't impressed by much else. The calamari was tasteless to say the least. The beef medallions were not cooked to our preference- we ordered them medium rare and they came out well done. The "shrimp scampi" was about 3 shrimp on top of the medallions, all sitting on a bed of orzo pasta and small pieces of roasted vegetables tossed in a sauce. We were just so disappointed. I would suggest going somewhere else.
4	Seeing a familiar place made me very happy.  i was able to order what i knew best.  The service and atmosphere was what i expected.  Only fault i saw was the bartender failed to explain their specials and had to find them on my own by remembering that i saw signs outside as i was walking in.
5	Simply put, I have never had a bad experience coming here. I've come here for happy hour, for dinner, for lunch, and I've even been to their Sunday brunch.One Word: AmazingMy parents actually attended the soft opening and they told me that I HAD to come to Brio. Best advice my parents may have ever given me. I've come here for my last 2 birthday and that's a pretty high honor in my family. The best part of Brio is that there is really something for everyone and for every food mood. When I'm feeling pasta I order the Pasta Alla Vodka or the Mushroom Ravioli. When I want to eat healthy I order one of their amazing salads (hint: their balsamic is delicious!!!). When I want meat i get their Mezza Chicken "under a brick"One of the best things about Brio is their desserts. They offer some large "full size" desserts and they offer little dessert shots. There are some desserts that they always have, but they also add new ones from time to time. I appreciate the variety the offer.Everyone I've taken here has loved it and I will swear by this restaurant
4	Excellent dinner! The service was impeccable right up until we ordered desert and again when we wanted our check. Then it was as if the waiter forgot about us for 15-20 minutes....Other than that one negative, the food was absolutley amazing! Every one of our dinners was delicious. (We all sampled each others) The appetizers and deserts were incredible as well. I would recommend this place to everyone.
4	Had a lovely lunch here with my husband recently. I enjoyed the crab and shrimp cakes with roasted vegetables ... very tasty particularly when paired with the Santa Ema Sauvignon Blanc. My husband was very happy with his Pasta Pomodoro and the service was wonderful.
4	Another solid meal and overall experience at Brio. The decor is amazing. Upscale with a wide open floor plan.Service has always been friendly and timely, although today the hostess seemed a bit put off by us coming in for dinner at 4:45pm and wanting to sit in the dining room rather than the bar area (which she had suggested but we declined).My favorite appetizer is the beef carpaccio. A massive plate of delicious raw beef. Excellent. I have had several main dishes in my visits to Brio, and there are a couple standouts. First, is the the lasagna. Second, the carbonara. Not the absolute best I've ever had, but certainly way up there. I have had a couple dishes that were a little off the mark, such as the lobster & shrimp fettucini, but it still found its way into my belly! So how bad could it have been, right?Anyway, I can't quite give Brio 5 stars, but it definitely hits the mark if you are looking for a semi-upscale restaurant with consistently good food and service.
4	Happy Hour is the only reason I come to Brio- where you can stuff your face for less than what one drink costs! You have to sit in the bar area to get the happy hour menu. Bar service is always fast, but you will be within earshot of the employees which is always a fun time. They talk a lot of crap about one another or their personal lives, which shocks me every time! I've sat with a couple of friends in the booths in the bar area and occasionally had female servers with bad attitudes, but I suppose I would too if my customers only came in between 3 and 6:30.
5	Well, darn that Atkins diet, so I could only try two of their happy hour appetizers; BUT, I got the hamburger sans bread--yes, I gave the homemade chips away and got to hear my friend go on and on and on and on (hell, I got it...) about how wonderful the chips were--and also got the shrimptini to eat.  Delicious!I strongly suggest for those of you who can eat the bread and chips (grrr..a sore subject for me) that you do so.  The meat tastes fantastic!The shrimptini was good, but next time I'm getting 2 burgers to eat sans bread, and, yes, they are really that good. My gosh, for $2.95 a plate how can you lose????  In fact, all 3 of us gals got 2 appetizers.  Obviously, you can forget that dainty Southern belle stuff when men aren't around with us.Beautiful place, great service from our young waitress who understood my diet and quick about it, too.  I heard this place was great from an old swankee-doo rich gal pal of mine from the area, and she was right.  It is a great happy hour place.Frankly, I'm coming back for a meal on that one day I can really eat whatever...ha!ha!  If the regular food is so good as the happy hour eats you can count me there!I love this place!!!!
5	Same compliments I sent to the restaurant as well:This was our first visit to Brio and we were so impressed. Everyone was so friendly and warm and our server, Alicia was fantastic. She described the menu to us with great detail and almost making it hard to decide because everything sounded so good! We were so grateful Alicia told us about the Summer special (Chicken Milanese and Lasagne) helping make it easier to decide since it was such a good value. She was so knowledgable about everything the restaraunt offered, the menu and how the food was prepared. Way more than we could have asked for, but such a pleasant surprise. I don't usually expect spectacular service at restaraunts, but typically decent at least. She blew me away with her service skills. I am so happy about this awesome experience, excellent service and delicious food. I can't wait to tell my friends, post on Yelp and come back to visit! Thank you so much! Worth every penny I spent in your restaurant tonight!
2	Lovely interior but average to below avg. food and definitely over-priced for the quality of the dishes.This was my second time at Brio - first time was lunch and food was fine (Strawberry/Chicken salad) but service (for 2) was terrible! It took 40 min. & 2 inquiries after ordering to receive the salads. At the time I thought, while the salads were good (not great or unique) it wasn't worth the wait or the high prices, though the restaurant itself is lovely. Also, I had to ask for a table that wasn't next to the loud clanging of the open kitchen so my friend & I could talk without shouting.So, 8 mos. later my 17 yr. old wants to celebrate his birthday where? Yup - table for 5, dinner, please!I will say the server was very nice & very accommodating. However, once again we found ourselves seated right next to the open kitchen & we were told all the tables for 5 were by the kitchen - so we shouted over the din (restaurant was only 1/2 full?). So, with entrees from $18.95 - 23.95 we opted for the "Dinner Special" an all-inclusive 3 course meal (3 entrees to choose from) for $16.95 ea., (beverage extra) and the ravioli appetizer. The appetizer was delicious - only 4 large ravioli for $14.95 though and the Chicken Milanese ordered by 3 of our 5 was enjoyed. I tasted it and it was good. My choice, the penne diavolo w/chicken tasted like spicy cheesy-Mac with tomato sauce mixed in - not great at all. Our other guest had the strawberry-chicken salad and enjoyed that.However, it was agreed that basically it's Olive Garden at twice the price in a better neighborhood. If you want authentic, true delicioso Italian food I recommend Roma Garden - same prices, not a pretty neighborhood but mamma mia, it's authentic! Or any other favorite place you love for Italian - Brio is not for foodies or anyone who wants to talk at a meal.
3	I have dinned here a few times, as a girls night out having some app's, dinner with another couple, lunch for a employee's birthday and then as a family for lunch with grandparent's would say that the service has varied in....when is was girls night and we had some wine and app's at the bar, our server was okay...when it was lunch it was just okay....dinner was better. Food I would say is good, it just seems like the typical big box franchise Italian restaurant that looses that special touch you find in the mom and pop type of places....
4	The service is crisp and professional.  It is located in the hustling and bustling new Scottsdale quarter, right across the street from the parking deck.  Outdoor patio seating lets you observe and people watch.  This is our absolute favorite place for a fabulous tasty steak salad.
1	I've never dealt with more snobs in my life that I have at this restaurant. My wife and I went here for a couple drinks and appetizers before attending a movie in the same complex.  Our first server, didn't catch his name but he was old enough to be my grandfather, essentially scoffed at us once we told him we didn't want to have dinner but only a couple appetizers and drinks.  After putting in our drink order of some peach iced tea special they had (nothing on the drink menu sounded tasty), he disappeared and sent a younger waiter to help us.  Neither offered an explanation of why the change, but I assume its because Grandpa expected to receive a crappy tip since we weren't there for dinner.  We ordered the Margherita flatbread and ravioli appetizer.  The flatbread was a good concept, but when I think "flatbread." I think flat bread.  This tasted more like a New York style thin crust pizza.  The raviolis were good but tasted like they were frozen and thrown into an oven for a few minutes.One of my biggest pet peeves while dining out is having an empty glass.  Between the iced tea and a water that I ordered afterwards, both went empty before a refill was offered.  Additionally, after we finished everything, we sat there, with all plates and glasses stacked at the end of the table signifying that we were done, for about 10 minutes before our server finally appeared for the first time since taking our order (no one came to check to see if everything was okay after food was brought out.)In conclusion, I rated this restaurant a "1" due to a commercialized food taste as well as receiving a level of service that was amazingly horrible.  This place is the very reason people call the area "Snobbsdale" and never in a million years would I recommend this place to my worst enemy.
5	I've only been to Brio for special occasions. The first was my 21st birthday, the next was the night I got engaged, and the last was for dinner after my husband and I had our civil wedding.Brio does special occasions like a buncha pros. On my birthday, they made me feel so special, with a free dessert that said "Happy 21st" and a coupon for a free appetizer on my next visit. We didn't get engaged until after dinner, so they didn't do anything for that, lol. But it was still a really romantic date (as far as I knew at the time!) Then, for our wedding dinner, it was me and my husband and our parents, and they really went out of our way to make it a celebration. The waiter was so friendly, and we got an entire dessert sampler complimentary. My husband was wearing his dress blues since we came straight from the wedding, and the staff was thanking him for his service, which we thought was cute.Bottom line, I love this restaurant. Eat here!Foods I love: the spicy shrimp and eggplant appetizer is to die for, the caesar salad isn't too anchovy-tasting, and the mushroom ravioli is my favorite dish. :)
3	Not impressed with restuarant but they're Happy Hour is amazing - that's impressive! You have to get there early though or you will find not one seat - $2-3 dollars a plate for very good Italian, no wonder it's not easy...Enjoy!
3	Well it was off to Brio last night for "date" night!!!  The last time we were at Brio was in September to celebrate our 16th Anniversary...yes consecutive years, and it was a great evening!  Last night, no so much.  In all the years we've been going to Brio, we have NEVER had such HORRIBLE service....ever!The food was as amazing as it always is, but the terrible service completely overshadowed the tasty treats from the kitchen.  Our server stood and waited for us to finish sitting and before we could even open our napkins was asking for our drink order, not a good sign of things to come.  So I opted for water to come while we contemplated our cocktails.  So the water came, then nothing....nothing....no one....nada.  After about 10 minutes the server returned for our cocktail order.  The longest 10 minutes in history I'll admit.  So off to get the drinks....15 minutes later they arrived with the bread for the table...now mind you we'd been sitting alone at the table with no attention for 25 minutes now.  That is a lifetime for a restaurant that makes their money by turning tables.  When the drinks and bread arrived we opted to put in our dinner order, thinking we'd be in for a long bumpy night.  So we ordered, I ordered the Campanelle Carbonara, but with the Spicy Pepper Sauce from the Spicy Shrimp and Eggplant Appetizer, as opposed to the traditional sauce.  The server said no problem, you want the Angel Hair Pasta with the Spicy Sauce, do you want to add Shrimp or Chicken???  Well the Campanelle Carbonara comes with Chicken, Spinach, Bacon, and Parmesan Cheese.  So I explained it is NOT Angel hair Pasta as the Campanelle is a 'trumpet' shaped pasta with curled edges.  He said "Oh you want the Lasagna Noodles".....!  Of course I just said ask the chef to prepare the entree as he usually would, BUT, substitute the sauces.  Glenn ordered the same, but with the traditional sauce.  We both opted for the wedge salad, and asked that our entrees not be fired until we were completed with our salad.  After all, we all know all the ingredients are pre-made, and just needed to be assembled and heated..  Whew...I felt...that was exhausting!  Then the salads arrived.  Ice cold, yummy...!  Now we are back on track.  Boy that salad does hit all the notes that take you back to your childhood.  Nothing is better than Ice Cold Iceberg Lettuce w/blue cheese dressing, bacon crumbles, and fresh shaved Parmesan cheese!!!  Then it happened.....yes just as we thought, in order to speed up the process that started so slowly............our entrees arrive BEFORE we were even 1/2 way through our salads.  So there they sit...all beautiful, completed just as ordered...and no Lasagna Noodles, no Angel Hair Pasta...just the wonderfulness awaiting our forks.  But...yes...But, we'd not finished our salads.  By the time we did, our pasta was sad, cold, and looked like it had let us down.  It didn't, OUR SERVER DID....oh by the way were we EVER asked if we wanted anything else to drink???  You guessed it NO....were we EVER asked how our dinner was???  You guessed it NO... Now you're probably saying, 'why didn't you do something about it'?  We'd have loved to, but there was no one around...not even someone to fill our water glasses.  Only after we were finished with our sad, cold, entrees and had stacked all the dirty dishes in a pile on the edge of the table, did our server make an appearance to ask how our dinner is going??? Are you kidding me???  We just asked for the check.  Upon his return we presented him with the discount that Brio had sent us for being frequent diners, he took that and never returned.  After sitting there at an empty table, empty water glasses and nothing to look at but the crumbs left behind from the wonderful flat bread.  We placed cash on the table and left to try to reclaim our evening.  On the way out, Glenn finally spotted a manager and explained our evening and that it would be a VERY LONG time before we tried Brio again.  He, the manager, just stumbled over his words and said he wished he's known about our evening so he could have done something about it.  Well maybe if he'd been circulating on the floor as opposed to hanging out with the ever so cute hostess' he'd have known.  Do we still like Brio...YES...are we extremely disappointed with our service last night...YES.....
4	Came here for my cousins rehersal dinner and the first dish out was the lobster bisque and it was one of the best things ive ever ate !!!!!! AMAZING, I could have ate 10 more bowls of this and forget the main dish.the main dish i got some chicken dish that i dont remember that well. I do remember that it was over pasta and the pasta was great, I also had 2 GREAT dirty martinis ,
5	My wife and I went out to dinner at Brios with my parents on Thusrday night and every one of us was very happy with our meals. The presentation and atmospher was equal to or better than any "5 star" rated restaurant in the valley. This was our thisrd time there and as usual the night out , the service and the food were supberb. It's always fun to go out to the Kierland area and this night was no exception. Great Italian/ Continental at reasonable prices. Try it you will love it!
5	Best Italian food I have experienced in Arizona and I was surprised because it's a chain. My guy and I were ooing and ahhing throughout the meal. I had the Lobster and Shrimp Ravioli with Crab insalata and it was a perfect portion, perfect flavoring and al dente! AMAZING. The only thing this place needs is Spumoni (minus the candied fruit)!!! Our server didn't even know what it was! What? i know!
4	Service was good. Food was good. Drinks were delicious! I'll def. Be back.
4	Bacca Limon Martini (as described on their menu)Bacardi Razz, Il Tramonto Limoncello and fresh muddled raspberries served up and topped with Prosecco. 9.00Bacca Limon Martini (as described by my taste buds) = unforgettable!So, yeah, we went for happy hour....and wished we had left more room for a full meal by the menu descriptions of some dinner entrees! However, for happy hour, the portions were plentiful and super tasty. We shared an oversized Brio burger and the margharita flatbread - both yummy, although the flatbread was a bit burnt along the edges. I liked it that way; my girlfriend, not so much....so they happily replaced it with the caprese ravioli. Super yum!This was a nice introduction to an upscale chain restaurant that I had been wanting to experience....next time, dinner & possibly cannoli :[]
3	Trying to be nice since we moved from the Columbus, Oh, the home of Brio/Bravo/Lyndeys(founder) etc.In the few months we have been here, we have had dinner, carryout and happy hour.   It does not seem to be the same quality food and attention to detail in any of the 3.  The worst is the "happy hour" food which per other posts is inferior quality.  The portions are just right and the prices are great but if the food sucks so what's the point?   Also, they broadcast Happy Hour but the bottle of wine was full price and we were not given other choices.The carpacio is always excellent and not bad at happy hour as well but everything else is salty, greasy and lacks the freshness and zip that I can't believe I am saying, from the midwest locations.
3	Went to brio for a nice dinner. it had great service (as to be expected). Server knew his "script" well, but didn't know much else about the dishes. I ordered the Shrimp Verduta and my girlfriend ordered the sweet potato something risotto. we also had the quattro appetizer of bruschetta.The bruschetta was ehhh, nothing special it, was all really standard dishes. The steak one had a nasty smokey tanginess to it that i didn't like. Overall i was not impressed by any of the four types of bruschetta.My dish was alright, i could have made something a lot better on my own. I would eat it again, but i would not order it (if that makes sense to anyone). Shrimp was cooked nicely, the sauce was just there.. it wasn't anything to tell anyone about at all.My girlfriend's dish was wack. I didn't like it at first. It tasted a lot better as a leftover the next day. I don't think it is something i would order again or even eat if i got it for free.This place is nice to go, but not for a romantic date. It is too loud, i would call it a step up from carraba's. It was really busy there, 20-30 minute wait for a table for 2. Next time i am going to do italian food in that area i'm going to maggiano's.At least i had a free appetizer's ticket from the yelp event earlier this year! sweet...
4	I don't usually like to rate chain restaurants but Brio was pretty darn good.  The service was friendly and efficient.  The pasta dishes were very good with large poritons.  I really don't have anything bad to say about this place.  Everyone seems to be mentioning the happy hour.  I'll have to come back to try that!
2	Went for happy hour with a  group of professionals.  Found a spot out on the porch and waited for our waiter!  Finally came.  Rather than waste all of our time on the details.................We will not go back.  The service was terrible!  The food was good and you can't beat the happy hour prices. Some of group never received their order and we had to ask (waiter had forgotten to turn it in!!).  No apologies or compensation.  We spent over $100 and had to chase the waiter again to get our bill and pay. Not worth the great happy hour prices and treatment we got.  No thanks!
4	Went here for lunch today and it was good! The sour dough bread they give you prior to your meal is phenomenal!  I ordered the Campanelle Carbonara and it was delish! Enough to share, especially if you order it for lunch. The Campanelle Carbonara had chicken, crispy bacon and spinach in it, YUMMY!The only thing I would change on my end was the friend who I had lunch with, that's about all. :)
3	This place was alright. I had the chicken skewers and we got the bruschetta quattro for appetizers. The bruschetta was pretty good. The chicken skewers you practically inhale...i.e. small quantity. So I payed $16.50 for these and there were like three wimpy chicken breasts on sticks with a mediocre amount of wild rice. I don't know, maybe this is to be expected from a place that seems to go more for appeal rather than food quality. It's definitely trying to take its place in Scottsdale as the cooler, classier version of the Cheesecake Factory. It definitely doesn't match up in terms of food, and I won't comment on the service because i've only been here once and maybe I had a sub-par waiter. The management is unorganized, but more on that later. My dad had two drinks and he loved them. That's about the only sure shot fired by this restaurant. But I mean it's alcohol... It's easy to enjoy alcohol. The generic cheesecake was also good. Again, it's easy to enjoy cheesecake. OK, onto the management. I understand that this restaurant is fairly new in Scottsdale so it's gonna be busy on the weekends. That doesn't give management an excuse to give out multiple reservations and not be able to give tables when people show up. OK, fifteen minute waits here and there with a reservation on Saturday is fine, but when it becomes a half an hour, you goofed up somewhere. I don't know who to bag on for this - the highschool hostesses, or the manager that trained them to figure out what time to tell callers when a reservation is available. A couple actually walked out after being waited for I don't know how long. The hostesses didn't even bother filling up the lounge. I'm sure if they told half the people that walked through that door that the lounge was free-for-all, first come first serve, same menu, same service, grab whatever table - the lounge would be filled. Instead people were getting tired of waiting, then asking what that table was doing empty. Then the highschool chick goes, "Oh that's just the lounge, you can sit there if you want. Same menu, same service." WELL s#%t, thanks for telling us now. I hope if you try this place you get good service and the $16.50 plate you order isn't meant to nibble on.
3	I have been here two times.  Same server - same (unpleasant) service.  He was training someone else, but himself was incapable, slow, forgetful, unprofessional - just not what you would expect from a restaurant that is trying to be a Scottsdale classy place.  Ambiance: Nice. Classy.  Enjoyable.  Baby Friendly. Food: Decent. Smaller proportions.  I like their tomato creamy sauce and bruschetta . Service: Below average.
3	While Brio has often done a very good job with their food, it was slightly disappointing on this visit.  While I enjoyed the Lobster bisque and my wife enjoyed her Brio burger, our 4 year old kid's menu pizza was very much underdone.  The staff service was prompt in addressing the issue. The service was good as usual!The Brio burger had applewood bacon that made it a very good burger and the lobster bisque was nice and hot!a. Our dessert consisted of the mini Tiramsu cups and they were very good!  Even our daughter's taste buds Have evolved to enjoy such a unique flavor
5	Brio has a fantastic happy hour with everything $2.95 and drinks resonably priced!You can get a hamburger, pasta, pizza, artichoke dip, caprese, etc. It is worth going early to find a nice spot in the bar since seating can be limited!
2	Walking into Brio is like walking into some kind of palace. Its highly ornate decor, combined with the well dressed staff make me feel like royalty.Princely, I order, with a quick hand gesture shooing my waiter when finished. I'm in full character now. All further communication with my server will be hand gestures, either kissing the fingers on one hand to signal bravo, or the back of my palm in a waving, dismissive manner.I do neither.Instead, I enter into a vegetative state, still in shock from seeing the shallow little bowl of Pasta E Fagioli they just served up. Then I taste it. That's when I wish they would have assigned me a royal taste tester to make certain an unruly chef wasn't trying to poison his magnate. I get through the soup, but I'm still unable to speak for fear the next thing out of my mouth will be "Off with his head!"I've learned the hard way it's not pc to invoke the term 'head' when on a date, and in such palatial surroundings.
4	I've been to Brio 2x in the last month.  My first time was because I had a gift card.  The second time was on my but obviously enjoyed it enough the first time to return!This place is busy right up until 10PM on weekends so call ahead and make a reservation.Very neat ambiance.  Reminds me of the Venetian in Vegas.  Upscale and wide open so the noise level is slightly above average.The food....  Yummy as can be!  I'm one who counts carbs so why am I going to an Italian restaurant?  The salmon is to die for.  The steaks are to die for.  Even the salads are yummy.Service is average to a bit above.  Bottom line is that this is not the place to go to if in a hurry.  Great for a group.
4	Compared to most restaurants in Kierland Commons, Brio Tuscan Grille continues to offer a good value and a nice time for Happy Hour!  The other restaurant that is good for HH is Tommy Bahama's.We come here probably once a week or so before a movie and the Happy Hour is great!  Wine is reasonably  priced around $10.00 while all the appetizers are $2.95.  Carpaccio, Ravioli Caprese, Flat bread sausage and peperoni and sirloin sliders, et cetera all for $2.95!  Nice!Brio recently began offering $5.00 Martini's on Wednesdays.  The only problem with the Brio is the bar area has limited seating.  What they really need to do is give some thought to expansion because the outdoor seating just doesn't always work well.  So get their early!Our most recent tab came to $35.63 before tip.  Good food, good drinks, good value!Enjoy!
5	I love this place. I've eaten here a few times now and there is not one thing that has not been above standard. When ever we are not sure where to go out to dinner this is our go to place. just love it!
5	Just fabulous food, waiters and bartenders and the atmosphere is outstanding.  Happy Hour is the best I have seen in Arizona.  REALLY FIRST CLASS.  Can't wait to go back.  Their dinners must be fabulous.
4	My review is for the Happy Hour. This place is packed for happy hour basically every day. Recently, my wife and I were lucky enough to score a table on the patio. The restaurant, bar and patio are beautiful. The patio has plenty of umbrellas to keep the sun out of the eyes while you sip on some cold beverages. The service was courteous and prompt. I actually felt like a guest.They have raised the prices on the happy hour bites from $3 to $4. We ordered a Brio Burger with cheese which was cut into fourths and it was huge. Not a bad tasting burger. The Picante Shrimp was excellent as well. The sausage and pepperoni flat bread was just ok for me. But last time, we only spent about 12 bucks for food plus whatever the drinks cost. And of course taxes and tip.This is a great chill place with a lot of ambiance to hang out with friends for Happy Hour.
4	This place is one of the best places to hang out in North Scottsdale. Great wine, an awesome happy hour, and lots of tasty, healthy food to choose from. It has a classy, dressed up vibe, while being casual at the same time and not too expensive. Great value here and service is pretty darn good too
4	Great happy hour food. Brio burger is amazing. The shrimptini needs to come back that was one of the best. Entree menu is very good too. Good place for a reasonable price.
4	Here last night with friends. We had to wait a little longer to be seated than I would have liked but we were a party of five so I understand. Once we were seated service was quick and pleasant. We shared a couple of the flatbreads to start, so by the time we ordered entrees I was already pretty full and went with a salad, the strawberry balsamic, which was delicious and just made me feel all ready for summer. We were there quite a while talking and enjoying our meal, and the staff never made us feel hurried although it was a pretty busy night. We tipped well enough that I don't feel bad about taking up space for that long, that's something I always make sure to do in that situation.
2	Food is good, Service though definitely needs improvement!!  This was my second time here, and unfortunately I'd have a tough time coming back.  Even for happy hour.  (which is a pretty good happy hour).  Our server, (Alecia G.) might have just been having an off day, but as mentioned above my previous visit, was a male server, who had no clue how to describe the food, or to suggestive sell on martini's and or cocktails.  This visit though was on a slower night, and I expected better service, than just having to ask for water refill (it is hot in AZ... you'd think water would be almost a given each time I got a cocktail).  We had to ask for the 4th place setting when our food came, and by the time we got that, the flatbread pizza was cold, and pasta the same.  At least there are other restaurant options in the direct area, (SOL, Eddie V's, etc)
5	This is one of my favorite places for Happy Hour. I have tried everything on the menu and it is fabulous! I love sitting outside on the patio too so it has a great ambience too! Love this place and have brought friends here that enjoyed themselves too!
5	Alfredo sauce was awesome, they use parmigiano reggiano!I had them make me a custom pasta, rigatoni with alfredo and crumbled sausage.My girlfriend and I shared a single entree which was huge for both of us and cost.......$12!Cheaper than any entree there!Service was good, she took a while to get our initial drink order. But after that she was great. Hooked us up on some free alfredo bread dipping sauce and a cheap entree, so she got a good tip!i will go back and hopefully it will be just as awesome.
5	Amazing service, fantastic food. Manager stopped by and was so pleased with how happy we were he comped our drinks as a thanks. Will definitely be back!
5	My review is for the Happy Hour.  We were lucky enough to score a table as we got to Brio at exactly 4pm, had we waited 15 minutes and we would have been out of luck.I'm usually skepticl when it comes to HH menus but this place is amazing.  The food was $3 or $4 bucks a plate and the drinks around $5 depending on what you got. The selection was fantastic and even better was the service.  There was 6 in our party and we ordered quite heavily on both the food and drink menus.  Our server was on top of it.  He was pleasant and friendly and really added to the experience.The food was out-friggin-standing.  We got the pepperoni/sausage flatbread and it was defnitely a favorite amongst everyone.The deep fried raviolis were top notch too.  We got the lettuce wrap cups and sliders.  We also did dessert, I did the marscapone cheesecake and it was amazing.  I am now confident I will return many, many times.
4	How is it that we find ourselves in Scottsdale so often? Ugh. But, when you have an opportunity to partake in some lunch with a bestie.... We had heard that Brio was really good, and it did not disappoint. The hostess at the front was nice, sweet, and had a great sense of humor. We were seated promptly, and ordered Arnold Palmers and water for 3 as we waited for our 3rd. The lemonade is fresh squeezed and made in house. Honestly, the AP's were BOMB!I ordered the Chef's Special pasta, which had bacon (MMMMM BAAACON!) and carmelized onions in it. It was good, but the Lobster Bisque I ordered before my entree showed up was exquisite.GF ordered a breaded chicken salad, which I had a couple of bites of, and I thought it was great too. Service was top notch, and the price was fair. All together a great experience. I love the interior decor, as well. It is well lit from above, but not too bright from the sides. The lights are super cool also. Looking forward to going back for Happy Hour.
1	One word..."Bleh".I am thinking this is a place where writing a positive review is a condition of employment or something.  However, I do see that many reviews are for "Happy Hour".My buddies and I took the 129 reviews and a 4 star rating as a guide but were incredibly turned-off.  Really a shame as we didn't have many opportunities to meet-up for dinner on the trip.Decor like a typical pre-fab faux everything chain restaurant (which I later learned to be true).Service  by a clueless 12 year-old.  Very sweet girl but clearly overwhelmed and not supported by any of the "managers" walking around trying to look cool.  No server assistant help either (we had to pile-up plates for them to figure-out it might be a good idea to remove them).Food was horrible.  Yeah, not overly expensive, but how hard is it to make this kind of basic Northern Italian fare decent...if not great?  The bread is a joke, the noodles I had asked for as a substitute for mashed potatoes (yup) were dried out from sitting in the pass under a light too long, etc.  Really pathetic.Oh well, we should have veered away when we saw it is attached to a shopping mall area.  Our fault (and the reviewers on Yelp sad to say).So, veer...veer at all costs.
3	Meh. As my fellow Yelper said to me a few days after we ate here: "No Brio review, I'm shocked!" I didn't jump on writing this review because I was pretty underwhelmed by the experience. The ambience sucks, the service wasn't very good and the food was totally average. My cursor is blinking at me and I still don't know what else to say about my time spent here. Ambience- looks like an Italian cheesecake factory. Why are the collumns so huge?!Service- the bartender kept interrupting us to take our order when we STILL weren't ready. Jeez, does it look like I've moved my menu in the 53 seconds it's been since the last time you checked? And then disappeared when we were finally ready. Food- -carpaccio, not bad but does it seriously need to be that huge? The two of us didn't even come close to finishing it. -Mediterranean pasta, pretty much the only one without a cream sauce on the whole menu. They split it for us which was nice and it tasted all right with mushrooms and chicken and stuff. -tiramisu came out frozen. They were super apologetic and didn't charge us for the replacement, but it was still awkward. They obviously just heated up a piece which made it melty and just not that great.So yeah, that's that.
3	Husband and I went here today on a whim. Hungry for any lunch and driving down Scottsdale Rd. we found this place by accident. Never heard of it before and if the menu wasn't appealing, we were going to go to Sol for Mexican food. The menu had Lobster Bisque and we were sold. The inside is vast and very open, with high ceilings, enormous "chandeliers", and draperies. Everything is burnt yellow and pale orange colors with simple artwork decorating the walls. It was nice, but not my favorite. Looking around, I think we were the only diners under 30 - except for the one baby. Everyone else was either in their 40s or much older. This didn't look like our typical lunch crowd, but we didn't feel out of place.I ordered the crab and shrimp cakes with roasted vegetables and hubby ordered the soup and salad - lobster bisque and Caesar. A bread basket came out, with half a mini loaf of sourdough and 3 pizza slice sized crackers with miscellaneous spices on top. Sourdough was good - hot and fresh. Hubby liked the crackers, but I didn't try - too messy.The food came quickly afterwards. Mine was really good - especially the crab cakes. Only two cakes came on the plate on top of sauce, but there was a heaping vegetable portion. The cakes were soft and moist - the crab and shrimp very apparent throughout and delicious. Hubby's bisque was good, with visable chunks of lobster. Certainly not his favorite, but he said he would eat again. Overall, the food was good, but it wasn't spectacular. Also, later we found out Brio is a chain restaurant and for the most part, we try to avoid those and eat locally. If in the area again and have a craving for lobster bisque, we'd eat there, but probably won't be back.
2	Went for birthday dinner with my daughter, along with wife and mother-in-law.  Had been here before for happy hour and it was pretty decent but we only ate appetizers that time. Decided to give it a try for dinner.Since it was a special day, we went all out.  Drinks, appetizers, salad, entrees, and one dessert.  All in all, the food was only fair (except the shrimp and eggplant appetizer-wonderful!) and we were pretty disappointed.  Over $200 with the tip left me with sticker shock as well.Bottom line - if you want Olive Garden quality food, go to Olive Garden and save yourself a bunch of money.  Or...stick with happy hour and some appetizers.
3	Pasta is okay, but the salad is really good I got a harvest salad the chicken was delish and so was the dressing. Service was great but I'm not a fan of their food the ambience is nice. No super expensive it's moderate. Love the location and the parking so close! Thanks to the yelp event I got $25 off yay! Thanks yelp! I don't know if I'll be back I wasnt wowed or anything. My friend did say the lemon drops were exceptional!
2	Four of us was here for dinner on a Saturday, around 8:30pm, the restaurant was quite busy but didn't wait long to be seated, and the food was pretty decent. However, we had some very bad service from our waitress. First, she forgot one of our lemonade orders, she never even bothered to come to check on us after the food was placed, not even once, which gave us no chance to ask for the missing lemonade; after we had done eating for about 15mins, she still didn't show up, maybe for a dessert menu? No, not at all. We had to ask a passing by waiter to get our check, and of course when the check was delivered, she showed up... We've heard good things about this place, that's why we tried it.. But the bad service just did not prove anything. Although the food was decent, there are just so many more better Italian restaurants in the valley that we could be treated so much better, and better food.
5	What a beautiful place, went for happy hour great prices, nice portion sizes, beautiful presentation, the staff was friendly an attentive, the food tasted amazing, couldn't of asked for a nicer time, the chef was amazing, very professional, would definatly recommend this place an take out of town guests... Loved it!!
5	I met a friend here for lunch, and we ordered the soup and salad, the Bistecca salad, and minestrone soup, really good price, and the salad was chilled, it was delicious, the soup was pretty good too, I think I like Olive Garden's Minestrone better, my girlfriend says their Happy Hour is really great also !
1	Went to a Sunday lunch with my mom, but never again.  The service was awful and it wasn't even busy at all.  My mom ordered a chicken flatbread only to find two hairs (not hers) and a piece of plastic wrapper? No thank you...
5	Absolutely my new favorite place! Just had my bridal shower there! Matthew was  great and also was Kimberly!!! Outstanding service! Exceeded my expectations!! Food was also out of the world!! Everyone was so pleased and they were beyond accommodating! Thanks guys! You're the best!!
5	Salmon dish is fantastic!  Every time I've been there the service is great and the food excellent. Decided to have a bridal shower there and the service was the best . Have not experienced that friendliness and help in a long time. The manager was great and very accommodating.  Would definitely do it there again.
5	Delicious dinner and great service.
4	The food here was good. I had the pork chops and vegetables. The chops were well done. My date had the lamb, which was excellent according to her. The noise level was a bit too much for an effective conversation. The restaurant is lovely but needs to be a more conversation-friendly.
2	Great place for happy hour! Appetizers are ok!
2	Don't recommend. Came here for lunch and wouldn't go back. Food and ambience was ok. My drink was weak (essentially $8 for a glass of juice with no to little alcohol). Too many other good restaurants out there so I wouldn't go back.
5	I went last night with a group of friends,  I had a Brio Steak Salad, and it was very good. The waiter was very nice and friendly. I also have a cosmopolitan martini that I LOVE it!
4	What a wonderful night we had at the Yelp event!  Fantastic food, bruschettas, homemade cocktails and delicious pastas and desserts.  We enjoyed ourselves to no end chatting with our friends and taking in the ambiance of such a unique place.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE! I was introduced to them because of a Yelp event held there recently but I loved it. The patio front and side are awesome. Now that the weather is getting a little cooler here - I can't wait to go there and participate in one of my all-time favorite pastimes ... drinks on the patio! It's a perfect venue. The parking garage is right across from the entrance. So easy! Oh, and the food was wonderful as well :)
4	Brio is the perfect restaurant to visit after a long day of shopping! In fact, when the Quarter first opened up and H & M arrived, my sister and I made it a girl's night out and after several hours of shopping at H & M, enjoyed wine and dinner on the patio at Brio. It was such a fun night and the Brio patio was calm and relaxing. Fast forward a couple of years and now the Quarter is thriving with many more shops and restaurants, but Brio still remains a favorite to me. I think this is the perfect restaurant for families who have kids and want to have a nice dinner at a restaurant, but in an environment where the kids won't stand out if they get a little louder than normal. This is also a perfect restaurant for a date night on the patio or when you have friends in town or need a nice dinner spot for one with the parents. It's really a good all-around restaurant, especially the patio! The food here is hearty, filling and tasty Italian cuisine. My go-to favorite dish are the lobster raviolis. I don't know what they do to the sauce, but it's a perfect combination of creamy and sweet and goes perfectly with the ravioli. I really enjoy their chopped salad as well and it has a perfect blend of fresh veggies. For dessert, you must try the chocolate souffle. Oh my! I go into the evening planning on having one bite and find myself having 10!
4	Love the Happy Hour at Brio's. Great food, drinks and people to meet. The staff is very attentive and want to ensure you enjoy your time there.
4	Good Italian food for a chain.  Better than Macaroni Grille!  The lunch specials are great and the vodka pasta is awesome. A little spendy but HEY! It's Scottsdale.  You will see some nice eye candy and sweater meat at the bar.
5	A few days after the amazing Yelp event at Brio, I decided to go back to enjoy my FREE bruschetta! This visit was yet again, AMAZING! First off, Kimberly, our waitress, was the most personable, helpful, awesome waitress ever! She was very insightful and suggested some pretty tasty appetizers. I'm not a fan of eggplant, but she assured me it was to-die-for. She was not lying, it was delicious!They also had the same live music as the Yelp event had and he was just the perfect sound for a happy hour date on the patio.Then, to top it off, the manager that was hosting the Yelp event came over and introduced himself. Thanked me for going to the Yelp event and for coming back! So hospitable! I felt like I had a second royal treatment!Thanks Brio, you guys are awesome!! :)
5	Brio has catered a few events that I have gone to in the last few years. Always fantastic food. But, I had never been in the restaurant itself before.I came here with my  daughter for lunch. I was not hungry till the next morning.There is lots of covered parking in the garage. Which is really nice for starters.The restaurant itself is beautiful inside. You can eat on the patio or inside .The hostess greeted us immediately  and gave us a wonderful booth.I was drinking hot tea, but my daughter had a few cocktails. A Bellini which was frozen (a little different) but,she said it was good. Also a Basil gimlet, which she said was OK.The food was really the best! I got Lobster Bisque soup which that alone was a full meal. Then I got crab cakes they came with vegetables. Wow, very tasty and more than I could eat. My daughter got a salad, and Pasta Pompadour with Eggplant.Again way too much and she took most  of it to go.Food was fantastic, service was very good.Too bad it is so far away from me. But, I never mind driving. It is a win win day or night out here. Plus they play fabulous Italian music!
4	Very nice (read fancy) ambiance, even in the bar area.My BFF and I came here for dinner one night. The raviolis were sooo good. My BFF had the chicken pomodoro, but since she's a vegetarian they had no problem subing in eggplant (which she said was delicious). Their raspberry cosmo is really good, and not too strong. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. All in all a great visit. We'll be here again!
4	Brio is a great option if you're at the Quarter looking for Italian. Plenty of outdoor seating in addition to their large dining room inside. I ordered the pasta alla vodka - ricotta filled pasta with a tomato cream sauce. Either my appetite is gigantic or the portions have been average at the Italian restaurants I've been to in the valley because I licked my plate clean. Entree prices range from $13-20.
3	Been about 3 years since I came for lunch.  Tried it again for a business lunch on Friday.  The place was very busy.  Had the salmon lunch entree with angel hair pasta.  The salmon was good, but the pasta was drenched in too much butter sauce.  The meal was decent for the price, but nothing wowed me.
1	I am so sick after eating here today. The plates and silverware were dirty. I tried to ignore it and just eat the food. The tomatoes were brown. I asked our server if they were meant to be that color and she replied surely yes. It is now 5 hours later and I am puking my meal up and have no appetite.  My boyfriend is just as sick and we will never go back.
2	Wow! Brio seems to be the 'place' for happy hour at the Scottsdale Quarter.  Packed and having to wait for 15 to 20 minutes for happy hour seems odd.  Happy hour was only available in patio/bar area and we had to wait.  With only 30 minutes to order, we were given a table outside, a very small table.  We ordered a few plates plus I had ordered dinner , a filet with mash potatoes and roasted veggies.  The server was good but seemed overly busy.  Other staff members that came by to serve the appetizers were not very helpful, just in a hurry to drop off the food and rush off.  We had tried to ask for an extra fork and ignored.  My friend received a different wine than ordered and again the server just rushed off.  I received someone else's filet dinner, the filet was basically rare inside.  Our small table was filled with plates since we had to order quickly to receive the happy hour prices.  Happy hour prices were great but I would advise getting there early.
4	Happy Hour visit. Return trip, the prices are half off so you can't beat that. The mini burgers were tasty, the carpacio also very good. I get it with all the stuff on it and its always been amazing. Also had a taste of the shrimp and zucchini (get it unbreaded). The Blueberry Martini also very good, had two (hey its Happy Hour). After all that was actually quite full, The bill was about $20. The atmosphere was good, we sat at the bar so we can talk with the bar staff who are very pleasant. Miss out gal Lara though what used to be there she was always awesome and knew what you wanted.
4	While I lived in AZ, I used to frequent this place quite a bit with my friends for their happy hour. I Always had a great time and the happy hour plates are uber cheap! My friends and I would always go waaaayy overboard with ordering and we never failed to end up with tons of leftovers lol. The bruschetta.. the beef carpaccio..the burgers.. and the list goes on an on... and the drinks are great too! I've even had my share of free desserts on the house at one point in time. Love this place! brings back good memories and the waiters/waitresses were always fun to chat with!!!
5	We usually come to Brio for dinner and drinks, and this time we decided to stop in for brunch (and drinks, haha!)... so glad we did!I ordered Berries & Cream French Toast and he ordered Eggs Oscar... um, well, I ended up eating half of his plate. The waiter was so friendly and incredibly patient with me, as I could not make up my mind and was ready to order three or four different items. He recommended his favorite and also whipped up fabulous for-the-morning drinks.I also have to mention valet service, as this is usually a hit or miss for most restaurants. Brio's valet obviously figured it out because they're fast, friendly and go off of tips... with an ATM machine nearby if you don't have cash.Definitely impressed with brunch selection and dinner was always five stars!
4	Lunch special was an angel hair pasta was really tasty and the shrimp was very fresh. I had the Eggplant Parmesan which was nice & crusty per the menu description with a very light marinara sauce but the buttered pasta on the side was not hot enough. Disappointing. Service is excellent, we got our food quickly.  We ordered the dessert sampler but they were out of the creme brulee and the server was very gracious and was offering us a good choice of substitution.  We ended up ordering the tiramisu which was very delightful!!!  A definite must try place!
4	Surprisingly uncrowded for Sunday afternoon.  Big portions, lunch prices for the win!  I wouldn't go for dinner because its overpriced IMO, but avoiding the crowds by going at off times and hitting it up for $14 lunch size pasta is a fair price in a non-chaotic environment.
5	For my 200th review I am choosing Brio Tuscan Grille.First let me say that it is a beautiful building , looks just like a Villa in Italy to me. The colors are just what they should be.Inside is beautifully decorated, and wonderful music is always playing. The restrooms are very clean and nice.We were seated at a corner tablefor 4,it was perfect. The nice thing is the have a waist high wall built around it ,so even though you are on the corner you are not bothered.It is really a relaxing setting. I enjoyed lunch very much.I have had their food before,because they have catered a few events I have been lucky enough to go to. Always good!Our waiter was Demetrius, he was very good,until he got busy,then he was a little frazzled. He gave us the wrong check twice, but things happen and it was the day after Christmas. So it was very busy.The food was wonderful as always. T got the Crab cakes and Italian Wedding soup, delish! I got Chicken with pasta and lobster Bisque. Outstanding!!!We will be back,I wish we could go again this week.Lots of parking in the great FREE parking garage.The more I come over here ,the more I like it!Oh and do not forget to get your reward card.Every time you come in you get points for dining here. Which adds up to free food.
5	The Decor is NICE , staff was nice and attentive. Food is amazing . This is one of my favorite Resturant .
4	I was not disappointed .......... the service and food were Very Good.                  You'll find a  Quality Meal ....... with Quality Prices.                  From the Hostess to the Servers ........ its all Ten's. About the Food ...... Throughout my life ..... I've had better Italian.This is Upscale Dinning ....... its more about the experience ...... then the Food.Conversations with your tablemates ....... are almost impossible ..... Extremely Noisy.         By all means ........ Try it Once ........ Then decide for yourself about return visits.                        Me ......... I'll be back ....... every 2 or 3 months.
4	I came here for lunch right after Christmas.  The building is beautiful.  You feel like you're eating somewhere in Vegas.  I ordered the lobster bisque soup and the caesar salad.  The table bread was great.  The taste of the lobster bisque was good but it didn't have any lobster chunks.  My friend ordered the vodka pasta - it had bacon in it which we weren't expecting although it was good.  We ordered the molten chocolate cake - very good - and two cappuccinos, also good.  Because it was my birthday, they brought us a free mini tiramisu.  Except for the amazing interior decor, this place is your standard italian restaurant with standard fare.  I would return again for lunch.
2	I want to love this place, but I just don't.Everytime I eat here, I wish I were eating at Olive Garden....For a chain, I just don't have any memorable items that I'd come back for (as opposed to Olive Garden's crack like breadsticks)Meh
5	First time eating at Brio.  A girlfriend invited me to lunch, great atmosphere, great menu choices and the food was delicious!!  I tried the Brio salad and added chicken, the spices were perfect and the chicken was a good size portion and very moist!  Our server was terrific, prompt, attentive and nice, her name was Kim!  I will be going back!
4	The name is more marketing than a showcase of authentic Tuscan cuisine but the menu is full of items that are tasty to the American palate. Attentive service, serviceable ambiance,  and a menu that probably has 20 dishes I'd like to try.  They also have a great "light" menu for those of us paying 'lip service' to diets.
3	For a restaurant with prices this high, I would expect a better meal. The food is decent quality, but definitely nothing special. The wait staff is decent, but definitely nothing special. I have only been here for work dinners, but would not necessarily choose to come here on my own.
5	OMG, I LOVE LOVE LOVE this Brio location! Practically every single time we go there, we have exceptional service and tasty food (the bread is to die for!). If something's not right, they fix it right away. My favorite dish is their beef medallions...I don't know what's in the sauce, but it's addicting! And their desserts are good too. The restaurant has a very nice ambiance to it, it's very rustic and relaxing. I highly recommend trying Brio out if you're in the mood for some good Italian food and great service!
2	I've been here a few times, and we've had issues before but this takes the cake!  We sat in the private area due to the amount of people already dining.  Totally fine, Brio does have a nice private/patio area with a fireplace. After sitting for awhile, my friend found feathers in my hair which was really odd.  But then, a bird pooped on my arm- it is good luck and we were in an Italian restaurant.  The dove was stuck up in the rafters and could not leave the area.  The server did know the bird was in the rafters, but didn't seem to care either way.  I didn't make a big deal out of it, just odd.   I moved to another chair and below the chair was a woman's feminine product-wrapped.  Again, odd.  Then we got our food.  The roasted chicken was pretty dry and over cooked.  This is the second time, I've ordered a meat entree and both times, the meats were under cooked or overcooked.  To top the night, I chip a tooth.   I'm not sure if I will go there again, never really a great experience.
4	Yes, it's all they said it was.  Happy Hour, that is.
4	In Scottsdale on vacation and the bellman recommended the happy hour here.  He was right!  This is a great happy hour!  $5.00 drink menu and $3.95 appetizer menu and the drinks and appetizers were good.  I got the Capri Salad and hubby got the burger with homemade chips, then we shared the Margharita Flatbread.  It was all quite good.  The flatbread could have had a bit more zip to it, it was a little bland.  Both the burger and the salad were very delicious.  The drinks were good too, although hubby's second glass of white peach sangria was very watered down.  No problem though - we told the waiter and he brought another right away.  The service was a bit slow at times, but since we were in no great rush, it was no bid deal.  Overall, a very pleasant happy hour experience.
4	Went with a few friends the other night and had a great time. I thought the crowd was a bit douchey but hey, this is the Scottsdale Quarter. We cramped into seats at the bar with some weird dance music playing which is strange for an Italian restaurant but again, they are catering to the Quarter crowd. I ordered a martini with no olives, confirmed that the bartender heard me say no olives yet somehow had 3 olives taking up room and polluting the taste of my vodka. Not only that but the pour was extremely low, were talking about half way, and I had 4 martinis throughout the course of the evening and they all were half pours which sucks at $10 a pop. A real pour goes right to the brim. I had the Chicken Milanese which was extremely tasty, I would definitely order it again. The red sauce was awesome and the pasta tasted like it was freshly made. Their spin/art dip was very good as well. Everyone at the table fully enjoyed their dishes and the waiter, although seemed new to the game, did a great job. I would go here again and after seeing their happy hour specials will definitely add it to my list. I will try their filet next  time since my buddy swears by them.
3	Maybe it was just us (M and I) that had an very off and weird visit.  They told us that it will be 15 mins for a table.  Then they came back in 5 mins and said a private area is open & will sit us there.  Ok, they sat us on the patio.  Cool.  The heaters were on and I was melting, so we moved to another table.  We were enjoying view and noticed the table we moved to was not cleaned yet.  OK, it was not dirty, it just had a used cloth napkin in the corner of the table.  We placed our order and talked.  Then I noticed a feather in M's hair.  I was like where have you been?  I removed it out of her hair.  When the appetizer and salad show up, M was pooped on by a dove.  YIKES!  I heard it was good luck?  She moved to the chair across the table.  When she sat, I noticed a fold white item underneath her chair.  I was like OMG, it is a maxi pad.  Where the heck did that come from?  Here is the low down on the food and service:Appetizer:  Pepperoni & Sausage Pizzetta - YUMMY!!!Main course:  Chicken Milanese - Was pretty good, but not GREAT...Main course:  Whole Roasted Chicken (M's meal, but I had some) - Flavor was good, but the chicken is DRY!Dessert:  Chocolate caramel something - It was ok.Service:  It was ok too.
1	Dear Brio,After giving you such rave reviews back in 2009, you have kindly let me down in the most unexpected way. See I do understand that you do not take reservations for happy hour, and I totally respect that. However the fact that I came to give you a courtesy head's up that I was bringing around 40+ people over the three hour time spam for my birthday happy hour a week in advance and you kindly but adamantly let me know that you could not accommodate me left me speechless. Your friendly manager kindly explained that he did not want a "rowdy" group and that he wanted to keep everything orderly.  He let me know that no I could not hold two tables once I arrived and that my party would be seated separately as they came in to keep everything orderly. So no standing around and being unorderly, et al. Again the look on my face was priceless. Last I check I was almost 40 and my friends don't get "rowdy" but ok whatever. However I still had a friendly smile and thanked your manager for letting me know that in so many words he did not want my business and that I needed to find a new venue.Yea hmm wow. No worries. I found another place that welcomed me with open arms for my birthday happy hour and they don't mind if we stand around and get a little "rowdy".  Love,Ebs
5	Had a wonderful evening at Brio with some old family friends. Every one at the table loved their dish, the pasta al la vodka was incredible. Our server, Brooke, was extremely accommodating and warm-hearted. Will return.
3	Caprese was excellent. Delicious tomatoes and nicely portioned mozzarella. Had the frittata for brunch and although good, there were so many rich components.  Ask for the Alfredo sauce on the side. Service was okay. The general environment felt a little unorganized and off.
4	Celebrating an early Mothers Day, shared the Lasagna Bolognese, Salmon Griglia, Tuscan Grillled Pork Chops, Pasta Pesto and Calamari Fritto Misto. Large serving of  Lasagna and very traditional, while the Pork Chops were very tasty and prepared well. The salmon and pesto were from the "light menu" which were small portions. Everything was prepared and presented very well.  The service was very good and the restaurant has great atmosphere for a nice evening. Would recommend this for a nice relaxing evening
3	We got in here without a 50 minute wait that was the option at True Food, which is our go-to place in the Q.The service was excellent and the waitress got me a nice cushioned chair from inside that made me comfortable.The starter was very good, Bruschetta Quattro, or something like that. But I had the Mediterranean Pasta which was just blah! My wife had Salmon salad which was OK but nothing special. I was tasting my dish and just thought that nothing stood out at all. I do not use dressing or flavoring so it was just not tasty food.I guess we will stick to True Food, it has a long wait for a reason.
5	Great happy hour and bar staff!!!
4	I love going to this place. I haven't had anything here that I didn't like. Their customer service on the other hand is a hit and miss :(However, their food speaks for itself so it hasn't dampened my opinion of this place. I love their steak salad. It's very, very tasty. Just order the dressing on the side though. It's over powering if you let them mix it in, at least in my humble opinion.
5	Had such an amazing experience here last week. Dined here after early day from work with my best friend and my grand parents. We had appetizers, lunch (nana and I had pastas, zach and my papa had sandwiches, we had deserts (lava cake, cheesecakes, and tiramisu, wine, and coffee) and the entire meal was exceptional.Lunch was super busy, but they always kept an eye on us and made sure we were well taken care of. I have always had an amazing experience at Brio and love it there. Check it out for date night or for a nice family dinner.
5	Love the food. The service is very good. So far one of the only places that prepare the Pasta just perfect. Down side is that its a bit pricy for pasta.But I highly recommend it...dont forget the deserts are great..
4	Brio was the 1st leg of our progressive dinner last night (8-14-2013)  It was my dining companions birthday celebration and he had never been before.  I chose Brio for appetizers.  We were greeted promptly and seated.  I had stopped by the restaurant earlier in the day to drop off a birthday card and flowers for our table.  At that time I explained that we were only having app's there and moving on to another restaurant for our main course and a 3rd for dessert. All was well when we were seated, card and orchid in place (whew).  I ordered the Carpaccio and the Spicy Shrimp and Eggplant for appetizers.  Wonderful was the food and service.  Until the server offered a dessert for the birthday boy.  Just an oversight, but all was well.  Thank you to Brio for making it a great start to our evening!!!
4	The food was excellent, and the service was great.  The place was crowded and reservations are a definite must, at least for a Saturday night.  I loved the decor, on a personal note.  I haven't had Italian food this good since Staten Island.
1	This place is a disaster. Went in for lunch on a Sunday and it was dead. Our waitress was fine but the food made the Olive Garden look like a Michelin star restaurant. I sent back my salad because it was wilted and slimy. The minestrone was super salty and tasted like it came out of a can. My sister's ravioli wasn't good... It tasted like it was heated up in a microwave. My mom got a caprese salad and it was okay but nothing to write home about. The flatbread was cold with very anemic looking tomatoes  and tasted like it had canned Parmesan cheese on it. For $60 with tip, even with the salad taken off, it was like highway robbery. Absolutely the worst italian food I've ever had.
5	Brio has a great happy hour. It is only valid in the bar and patio area, but the weather is perfect to sit outside right now and it makes for great people watching. You can't go wrong with the Tuscan Tasters for $3.95 each. My favorite is the shrimp and eggplant. Best part of the meal was our waitress, Kimberly. She was so personable and had great recommendations on everything from which Sangria to chose to dipping the hamburger in the sauce that comes with the shrimp and eggplant. We will definitely be back.. And will request Kimberly.
4	The shrimp & egg plant appetizerIs excellent.  Smoking deals at happy hour - really good drink prices and food.  Oh yes - the regular food inside the restaurant is very good too.  (Note that I said very good and gave them four stars - they are very good, but not to die for and think you went to Tuscany.
4	I had a really good experience here at Brio; the food was warm and good..the dessert was delicious, but the menu isn't anything really special. they are just regular, run of the mill items.It's clean, the waiters are nice and it's not very crowded! it's in a pretty cute area that you can spot it from the street. my opinion is that the one thing that stands out at Brio is the steak salad and the alcoholic beverages. those are my go-to favorites!
4	This place has a nice ambience and has a classy feel to it. We started our meal with a Calamari Fritto Misto which was delicious fried Calamari! They're bread was pretty special, one was made like a "pizza" shaped fried bread with spices on it.  We ordered a Lobster Bisque that was very tasty as well. My girlfriend ordered the Campanelle Carbonara which had grilled chicken, bacon, Parmesan cheese, spinach and Alfredo, it was done very well. I ordered the Pasta Mediterranean which had grilled chicken, mushrooms, feta cheese, spinach and tomatoes in it. So good! Definitely recommend this place!
5	I've been here a few times for happy hour and am never disappointed. The appetizers are amazing and the drink specials are very well priced. I recommend the spicy shrimp!
4	This is one of my usual happy hour spots when I need a good drink and some good food. Came tonight expecting their $2.95 small bites menu and found a brand new HH menu :/ the prices are a bit higher but some portions are bigger than before. I ordered two strawberry mojitos (Yum! One of the few places that carries Cruzan Strawberry Rum) and toasted Ravioli. The BF got a Keylime mojito, a Manhattan (aka Bourbon on the rocks, or that's how it tasted lol) and the Brio Burger. Food and drinks were great and service was quick since we sat at the bar. Only downside was the higher prices - our bill came out to around $36 for happy hour - for two apps and four drinks....might not seem so bad, but I think we were just used to the old menu and prices. Oh well that's Scottsdale for you! :)
4	I shouldn't give this away because I hurt my chances to get a good table, but I'm a good person and not too selfish so I'll let you in on the best happy hour in town. You can get wine for $5 and hold on...angus beef hamburger for $5. So delicious. Make sure you share with a really good friend or special someone in your life. A truly great time. Thanks brio!!!
4	Good place, decent happy hour. Good food. I used to give this place 5 stars but every time i come here (which is monthly) Im always reminded of something that somehow seemed to slipped my mind when writing my earlier review (the most important tips often somehow manage to do that, but thats why they have an 'update review' option, thank you yelp for catering to us frequently distracted folk) and thats the extremely weak drinks. Ok people now the frequency of my drinking consists of maybe 3-4 drinks a week and during/with dinner and i weigh about 100 lbs. personally i wouldn't call myself a heavy drinker and NORMALLY at a restaurant a drink or 2 will do me just fine. Not this place. It takes about 4, yes thats 4, and no I'm not exaggerating. I've sent back drinks numerous times (something i freaking hate and would much rather avoid, but this place leaves me no choice really) and the next drink maybe, maybe might be enough to make a dent. But then obviously when i come back again i have to do the 'send the water and ice drink i just paid $6 back and hopefully they send a real drink out next time dance'. Its just kind of annoying and its how it goes ALMOST every time. note the almost is because more often than not when i come here i pay $6 for water, ice and some sugar juice stuff but in the past (but not anymore :( ) I've had a really good bar tender (he has a mustache you can't miss him!) who actually knew how to make a real drink. But for the past few months i keep getting stuck with some other bar tender. If you don't drink then sorry if you read this whole review. Like i stated earlier the food is great and the atmosphere is nice. Despite there overpriced water/ice/juice drinks (they call them alcoholic beverages on the menu) i still frequent here monthly. Definitely recommend it.
1	The food was bland and barely edible.  The beef app was a joke.  It had no flavor.  Even the mustard didn't help.   The caesar salad was yellow.  Not even a shade of green in there at all.  The lobster bisque lacked flavor.
4	We hadn't been back to Brio for almost a year so were worried that it might not have the same pizazz it had before. However, we had an excellent lunch (my wife had a flatbread and I crab cakes with some delicious veggies). The only disappointment was the free tiramisu birthday dessert that wasn't much more than heavy whipped cream with a touch of coffee taste. Service was not particularly attentive.
5	My husband and I eat here quite often and really like it. The food is great and service is excellent.
3	What I like about Olive Garden and Carrabba's is they know who they are.  They're chain restaurants that give you an OK meal at an average price.  Brio is a chain that tries to be a classy local Italian restaurant but they don't live up to that. Don't get me wrong, the food is OK, the decor is beautiful and the restaurant is huge (thus taking away from the classy local restaurant feel).I started with the calamari which was a bit soggy and came with two sauces that were spooned over about half of the serving. What if I didn't like the sauces? Ask for the sauce on the side.For my main course I had what was advertised as Shrimp and Lobster Linguine.  A few problems with this dish.  The linguine was a bit overcooked and the lobster turned out to be scallops.  When I asked about the lack of lobster I was politely told that there was an error on the menu. Someone couldn't have told me that when I ordered?  Wasn't I supposed to notice?  The service was very good.  As the restaurant filled up it got hard to hear across the table. Again, the classy local restaurant atmosphere they try to project ruined.  They do have an enclosed patio area that would be much quieter but I think they like to hold those tables for private parties and large groups.  Wouldn't hurt to ask though.
3	First, I have to admit this place ain't cheap. However, the experience was very good.1. Food was good. I had Lobster bisque and a Lobster and shrimp fettuccine. No complaint.2. Service was excellent. My uncle's lamb chop was over cooked, they pleasantly replaced it right away and offer a lobster bisque while he waits. Excellent service.3. Wine price mark up is also reasonable. But you can't bring your own wine.
5	Love this place. They have amazing food and drinks.
5	Honestly, I don't understand why this place has such a low rating. Maybe those people weren't here during happy hour? A group of five of us stopped in on Friday after work. It is an AWESOME happy hour! The Rosa Sangria is to die for, and all of the other drinks looked great, as well. The food is really what made this place special. Very reasonable prices (especially for Scottsdale) and a good amount of food. I recommend the Blackened Shrimp, the Artichoke Dip, and the Eggplant Fries (my favorite). The deserts are fabulous (there was a caramel/pumpkin cheesecake desert that was to die for, the lava cake was amazing, too!).Our waitress was very attentive, considering it was a busy time. She even held her grace when we were being difficult and asked for separate checks. The crowd is obviously very Scottsdale (Botox and plastic surgery all around), but it won't deter me.I will be returning!
3	A group of us went for AZ Restaurant Week. I am not sure if it was all the large graduation parties or lack of experience with the Restaurant Week menu but service was a disaster. We waited 15 min for a first drink and it only got worse from there, finally after our dinner was served before our appetizer and we refused it, a manager stepped in and things got a bit better. We really appreciated his help.The food was really good which made it extra disappointing that things were so disorganized. Additionally on both of the plates that included vegetables, the veggies were cold. By then we had given up trying to get things right. We were there just under 2 hours for a very basic meal. The waiter was very apologetic once he caught up but I am not sure if I would try it again.
5	I go here regularly for their salmon salads and steak salads, so good!, never have any issues. I had a little situation last time with my food (my half empty lobster and shrimp bisque had no shrimp, and my steak salad came out with cold steak, half the salad drenched with sauce, the other half dry), and I asked our waiter (who was very nice and a good waiter) if he could get a manager over to us. Being a regular, I was curious if they had switched chefs or something since I was having so many issues. She saw my salad, apologized, and brought me back a new fresh one immediately (waiting there the whole time while it was being made). She also took care of our lobster bisque. Great food, and great customer service, gives then 5stars. Every restaurant has an off day here and there, but the way the situation was handled will keep me a regular at this place!
2	Below average Italian food and miserable service on the night we were there. I was back on a second occasion with a group and had only a slightly better experience. 2 stars for a nice patio.
3	Happy Hour: Monday through Friday 3-7 pm and then again from 9 pm to close.The Details (taken from Internet): While we were surprised that they offer no drink specials, we were delighted by Brio's menu called Tuscan Tasters, which features a variety of hearty appetizers for $2.95 each. The standouts on this menu include the Steak Bruschetta ($2.95), with a balsamic sweetness to it, and the Sausage and Pepperoni Flatbread ($2.95), with its thin crispy crust, was easy to eat and very flavorful. The servers, weaving their way through the crowd of people waiting for tables, were helpful and ever present. They seemed to work as a team, and help each other run food, fill water, and give other general support. Each of them claimed the Brio Burger with homemade chips ($2.95) to be their favorite.
4	I had a fabulous time bringing my mother here for the first time for lunch. She absolutely loved the ricotta filled pasta. I ended up eating off her plate it was so delicious! The service was great, we didn't have to wait long at all for our food. The second time I took my boss here we ended up sitting in the bar area because it was crowded. Unfortunately the service was sub par and irritatingly slow. The very very tan gentleman just.... didn't.... get... it. He took forever and a day to get items we asked for and he took even longer to get our bill. He only had to handle 3 tables. Luckily the food was great or I would have to knock the place down another star.
5	Hands-down, Brio is one of my favorite places in all of Scottsdale and across the country as a whole.  I know that, no matter what city I'm in while on travel, I'll get good food and good wine from Brio and the staff is pretty darn professional.  I love Brio happy hour, especially the ravioli and beef carapacio and the Brio burger is BY FAR one of the best for a chain restaurant. I first started going to Brio a number of years ago back east in the DC area, and I've been a fan ever since.
5	A very nice restaurant. If you ever wonder about a good appetizer you've got to try the Spicy Shrimp & Eggplant is hands down the best appetizer there!!!It is a little spicy because if the pepper, but it is delicious! I think that the eggplant just adds an amazing flavor to it and your palate will thank you. Try it and thank me later
5	I have been to this Brio a few times and everything is always great!  I am a huge fan of the lasagna.  The different sauces really sets it off!  The service is great too.  Great food + great service = 5 stars!
4	Brio has really fresh italian food! Valentin was our server and she was really nice & hard working. We could tell she was new but she was great! It took about 15-20 mins for a server to approach our table.. But we ordered a salad and two pastas! The total came out to be 43.56 before tip. I would recommend going there.
4	I've driven by Brio many of times and never really had any desire to visit this place. My family talked me into it the other night. So it was game on for this place. Walking into Brio I was a little surprised. It seemed like a more upscale Macaroni Grille. They use butcher paper for their table tops but fancier than MG. They have high ceilings and somewhat reminded me of some of the Las Vegas places with high ceiling and huge lights. Very nice decor. We started off with their bread basket of hot sour dough and flat bread. Really good. Down right outstanding. So if this was good I can't wait for our meals so come. I ordered the Sausage Peperonata Pomodoro. Very nice dish. Nice amount of sausage that had a little kick with tender pasta, cherry tomatoes, and Broccoli. The cream sauce was really good. It was really tasty and I really enjoyed it. I would say the star of our dinner was my wife's Balsamic Strawberry Chicken Salad. Wow. Outstanding. My wife was raving about it and everyone tried it. Both of my kids said that next time they are going to order this salad. It was the BOMB. I don't remember what was in it but it was booming with flavor. My daughter really liked her Chicken Pomodoro Classico with the red sauce. Looked really good and she just gobbled it up. My so ordered the Raviloi Di Bello and it had mushrooms and tomatoes. I tried this and the Raviloi was so fresh with cheese in the middle. It was very good and filling. We had a really good meal and everyone enjoyed their dinner. Our server was Dane S. She was really good. She welcomed us very quickly at our table and brought us our water cups. She was always paying attention to us. She did a great job but she was all business. She didn't show no personality but that's okay. So let's see. Nice decor, high ceilings which makes the place a little loud (that's okay), very good food, and excellent service. What more can you ask for.  So I enjoyed a great meal and will definitely be back. Enjoy.
5	I tried this place after hearing good things from my father, and can honestly say that I am glad he recommended it. I didn't have the full service,I just sat at a table near the bar and ordered some of the great happy hour specials they offered.  I had a mojito,mango with rum and some mint, which was very fresh and well made the bartenders are very professional looking (one even had the old time mustache). The appetizers range from $4-$6, and there are good ones at all three prices. The Margherita flatbread is an amazing tasting tuscan pizza like creation with great ripe tomato slices, and fresh cheese and basil,it was light and enjoyable.  We tried to order the spinach artichoke dip but we were talked out of it by our server who recommended something else (besides the ravioli) so we ordered the shrimp, which came with a great flavored sauce (a bit peppery) and served over a delicious fried eggplant which gives it great texture and another amazing flavor. We also had a small salad that came with a big slice of prosciutto and some greens with a fantastic vinaigrette dressing which I would recommend you try on any of their salads. The overall presentation of the place is great,it's in the Scottsdale Quarter so it's tucked away. Inside its amazing,large shelves encase some fantastic pieces of italian cookware in a rustic manner, and the temple style ceiling that raises to a point in the center of the floor is amazing as well. I would like to try the regular menu,it's quite expensive but I'm sure it's worth it,and the service will make it all worth while for you,I highly recommend you drop by for appetizers at least, they are great priced and well worth it.
5	Brio is outstanding. The GM Matt is top notch if there is a problem which is very few he is on top of it to correct the situation. The servers are all a step ahead of all restaurants in the area. Food is exceptional. Brio is very community orientated. By far my favorite restaurant. The Chefs Jeff, mike and Jorge are very accommodating.  You cant go wrong with Brio They have 3 lunch specials for 8.95. I usually have to have a to go box
5	Went into Brio the other night as SQ is close to home.  The restaurant was very nice looking and being as it was happy hour I took a seat at the bar.  The bar staff was very friendly and I was happy to find out they had some awesome deals for happy hour.  I tried their shrimp and eggplant appetizer and it was amazing.  I'm not usually a big veggie guy but between the shrimp and sauce this dish is delicious.  The bread was warm and fresh and I ended up using too much of it to sop up the sauce from the appetizer dish and made myself full.  Can't wait to come back and try more.
5	I love Brio! We come here all the time and are never disappointed. The happy hour is amazing, great options for food and drinks. The other night we had the brushetta Quattro, an all time favorite, minestrone soup, Caesar salad and tomato caprese. The bartenders are great, Larry and Brendan always take care of us. Chef Mike and the manager Kayla stopped by to see how everything was, definitely appreciated. Rarely does the manager AND chef stop by the table at other restaurants! The customer service is on point here and the food always exceeds expectations. I will be a Brio fan for life!
5	My girlfriends continue to like the happy hour expecially the black pepper shrimp. Just awesome! My husband likes the special lasagna night when its half price. But, if you want to know my favorite, it's Thomas K!!! He knows how to treat a woman like a princess! ! Food can take you only so far. Am I right?
4	Me and my girlfriend went here for restaurant week and this was a good choice. The deal was good and the food portion wad a lot, we took food home so that's always a good thing. For appetizer we had the tomato bisque and the bruchetta. For the main course we had the lobster and shrimp pasta and rock fish they were both good. For dessert she had the termusu and I had the cheesecake. Food was so good we will come again for sure.
5	Warm sourdough bread/butter are served before your meal... Oh my goodness! Chicken picatta is delicious accompanied by a glass of pinot grigio!  Lovely dining venue!
5	Went to Brio last night for a work dinner.  Love this restaurant.  Food was excellent, service was excellent.  Highly recommend.
5	this place has the best food ever love it hands down!!!
5	We went to Brio last night as our first excursion out with my daughter who was just diagnosed with an extensive set of food sensitivities. The food was very good, but more importantly, the staff treated us incredibly well. I had called earlier in the day to make sure she could get plain steak and vegetables without any marinades or sauces, and the hostess transferred me right away to the chef (Jeff), who was both knowledgable and accommodating.  At the restaurant our waiters, Valentina and AJ, were also very helpful (as I said, it was our first outing, so I was maybe a little overprotective).  Chef Jeff came out to talk to us, and even sent my daughter a dish of berries (allowed :)) for dessert.  We all had a great time, and she felt cared for instead of deprived.  Really great.
4	Our last night in the Phoenix area and this was our last stop! I had already eaten a trillion times that day and the whole week--needless to say I wasn't as hungry as I normally am. On  tjhis certain Friday night after 7pm, the restaurant was very busy and there was a wait. What I did like about this restaurant is they take your phone number and they will notify you via text when you table is ready. We had a 40 minute wait so this gave us plenty of time to shop! The hostess was very nice! After about 35 minutes of waiting/shopping at the mall, a text was sent to let me know my table would be ready soon and to start heading back. My husband grabbed the table before I made it back but the hostess kindly directed me to our table. Once seated it took our waiter a moment to get there---hey were busy so I understand. He finally came and took our drink orders while we looked over the menu. I tried their pink lemonade (not sure what the lemonade was mixed with) which was delicious! One thing that I did not like was our waiter waited until we waited for a while, placed our drink order, had a our drinks refilled, and placed our food order before he brought bread to our table. For the most part he was very nice. Our food arrived and I ordered a Brio Chopped salad and added a side of grilled chicken to go with it (only three dollars or so to add chicken to a salad). My salad, the chicken, and the restaurant dressing was very good! My daughter got the kids pizza which was the size of an adult pizza that could feed two people--at least! Her pizza also had fresh ingredients and tasted good. My husband ordered a Strawberry Balsamic Chicken Salad--which was soooooo good! My mother in law ordered a Caesar salad and barely received any salad in her bowl. The waiter was nice enough to take the salad back and have them add more salad to her bowl. The original salad she received ordered was very skimpy on the portion--I am not even sure if it was a joke or not. Although we didn't order any of their major menu items, the items we did ordered were really good. I am not a major Italian restaurant eater, but when I return to the Phoenix area and have a larger appetite for Italian, I will be sure to give them another try.
5	Thank you Brio Tuscon Grille for great lunch earlier this week.Thank you fellow yelpers for your check in and reviews.  When fellow yelpers check in, I do look up and if it is something interesting for me, I book mark. I do enjoy reading reviews online, otherwise I would not have been able to experience so many yummy dishes. This place is no exception, when one of the yelpers checked in, it sounded so interesting, I had to try for myself.We arrived here around noon, and it was about 80% full when we got there.I glanced at the menu and almost decided on salmon when my friend kindly pointed out on today's special menu.   My eyes were glued to the pumpkin ravioli from the moment I saw the today's special menu.I must tell you, if you haven't tried the pumpkin ravioli, try once. You will not regret it. First of all, it's fall, it's pumpkin season. Second, pumpkin is so good for you with vitamins.  Ravioli is served with many vegetables to make this dish more healthy.  And best of all, this was the best pumpkin ravioli I've ever had. I especially like the sauce used in the ravioli, nicely complemented the pasta dish.Don't forget to check in on yelp for free appetizer with two orders of entrees. We ordered tomato salad (Caprese salad). I thought they used really good quality of mozzarella cheese, I enjoyed the salad very much.For desert, I ordered mini-size tiramisu. It was so moist, I ate this small desert very quickly. I had to go jogging for 60 mins that night to burn all the calories from my desert, but it was so worth it.Coffee was very good as well. I like when restaurant invest in good coffee, saves me a trip to coffee shop after my meal.Service was very good as well. They were busy but they kept moving very efficiently.Looks like I found my new favorite place to eat, I will definitely come back again.
3	This was a pleasant surprise! We really enjoyed the food but did let the manager know the service was sub par. Thomas absolutely made things right. No excuses! We will for sure be back!  That is the way to run a business.
4	Came here for my brother's birthday last night. It was my first time and I heard good reviews so I was excited. The sourdough bread and crackers they brought out first were delicious. There's a Yelp check in offer for a free appetizer with purchase, so I ordered the roasted garlic artichoke and spinach dip. So yummy! It comes with a Parmesan flatbread. For my entree I got a Caesar salad and the Fettuccine Campania (fettuccine with spicy marinara, capers, kalamata olives, basil and parmesan). Really good! I normally don't like pasta but this was an exception. I didn't like the salad, too much dressing and cheese. My brother got a mini dessert, key lime pie. Yum. It was great overall. I loved the nice decor and the bathrooms are swanky and smelled good. They have a private dining area and a type of sunroom with a fireplace.
4	Understated Classy for a corporate chain. Menu is meat heavy but at least they have calorie counts to let you know and a sub-600 section.  Chicken limone was a standout,  especially with angel hair instead of potato.  Desserts were very reasonable in price and size.  Wine list is very accessible with the sustainable IL putto a bargain. Service was great and the Table fly-by chef Jimmy was a nice touch.  Recommend
5	Incredible food and great overall experience.
5	Beautiful location. Great for large groups. The staff was so accommodating and attentive. It felt like we had our own personal waitress. We had a large, needy group and the staff did a wonderful job. We started out with the Roasted Tomato & Herb Pesto Bruschetta and Roasted Red Pepper Bruschetta. Soup was lobster bisque and the entree was Pasta Alla Vodka. The pasta was heaven in every bite. Everything the rest of the group had was very delish!
5	Went to this restaurant few weeks ago.  The food was great including the desserts.  The service was very good.
3	Really pretty interior! It was all decorated for Christmas when I went today.I went with a friend because we were in the Scottsdale Quarter and were craving bread. We went in around 4:30 and it was pretty slow (awkward time). We got a bread basket and it had a half loaf of white bread and some crispy flax/rosemary crackers. The bread loaf was warm and good to satisfy our craving. It wasn't crusty bread, but it was good enough. We asked were oil and vinegar and they brought it out promptly!We ordered the Strawberry Balsamic salad ($15) to split. It was good, but standard. Came with strawberries, gorgonzola cheese, balsamic dressing, grapes, and candied pecans. Definitely overpriced, but it's all we ordered so whatever. Service was good, we had Ethan.Might go back for happy hour, but it probably won't be my first choice restaurant--more of an "in the area so it's convenient" type.
4	Brio was the perfect choice for our goodbye dinner before my husband traveled to Italy. The casual atmosphere was great for our kids and we loved the free appetizer with the Yelp check in. My daughter loved the Chicken Milanese and I enjoyed the light Shrimp Verduta. The Bisteca Insalade was a meal unto itself, but I would not include Brio in the category of Italian restaurants that gives you portions far too large for anyone to finish. They were busy and a few times we waited for our server, but overall we would recommend it.
5	On a crazy busy 'day after Christmas' restaurant hunting expedition, our family in Scottsdale took us to Brio.  The food was all-around excellent, and the appetizers were out of this world.  The spinach dip and beef/shrimp appetizers were particularly memorable.  An extra star for being so kid-friendly!   Our children were crazy/screaming by the time we were finally seated, and the waiters pushed the kids orders through quickly to maintain our sanity.  Thank you!
4	Had a nice lunch here today.  The food was really tasty and they had some nice, healthier options instead of all really heavy stuff with huge portions.  I had a 5 oz filet with some yummy vegetables in a balsamic sauce.  My 3 1/2 year old liked it, too, it was kid friendly.  The service was good and the staff was friendly.  We would definitely come back!
5	My family and I went there for lunch and it was a great experience, the room was very elegant and the service was great just like the food, we all ordered a bowl of lobster soup and it was cooked to perfection with lobster floating around to compliment the taste. My mouth was watering as soon as stepped inside because of the smell of cooking in the kitchen. We are definitely coming back
