5	Brian is a miracle worker and one of the most honest and hard working men you will ever have the pleasure of meeting.
5	Brian did a great job with my car.  It looks like it is ready for the showroom and it is 5 years old!  He gave an honest evaluation of what he could and couldn't do before he started.  He also spent a lot of time discussing how I can best keep it in top shape at home.  I definitely plan to use his service again.
5	I purchased a used Ford Escape a few years ago that already looked fairly beat up at the time of sale. A few years later, my sport fabric looked like the Exorcist had been at work in my truck. I was embarrassed of my vehicle, and I didn't really like driving it anymore. My husband decided to get it detailed as a birthday gift and told me to pick the place. After reading the reviews and seeing the portfolios of different companies, I selected Brian's because the price was less that I expected and the reviews were stellar. Still, I had low expectations because sport fabric is so notorious for staining. Brian was kind, joyful to be around, and honest. He told me it probably wasn't going to be ready the same day, which wasn't an issue. I was pleased that he planned to take the time to really work on the issues. The next morning, I picked up my Escape, and I was breathless! It looks better than when I bought it. Not a trace of the stains-even those from before I purchased it- remains! My dash and console are now actually tan and brown instead of the weird gray color they had turned from years of debris.Top that off with the fact that my paint job looks like liquid glass, and I couldn't be happier.
5	My car was a disaster when I brought it in to Brian's Exclusive Detail.  I travel long distance quite frequently, so there was a lot of dirt and bugs all over it.  There were also scratches all over the hood that I had been told probably warranted a total paint job.  After bringing my car in to Brian's, it literally looks like a new car.  He did an amazing job for what I thought was a very fair price.  The scratches are completely gone and every inch of the interior was completely clean.  He kept me updated during the detail process and never did anything without checking with me first. I also like that he didn't give me a hard time about the state of my car, just gave me some tips for how to maintain it going forward. Also helps that his garage is right off of the light rail, so if you're like me and you work uptown, it's easy to drop the car off and then pick it up at the end of the day.
5	I just bought a new work van and took it to Brian to detail and he did a fantastic job with it. When he was done, it looked like it just came off of the showroom floor. I also had him tint / blackout the side and back windows of the cargo area and he did a great job with that as well. I would definitely recommend him.
5	Brian is the greatest. Professional, punctual and absolutely dedicated to detail. He cleaned my car up from 2 pounds of vomit at a price that was very reasonable. I highly recommend him.
5	One of the most honest businessman I have met with. Very meticulous and detail oriented. He advised me what I should do to keep my car looking good and also advised where I shouldn't spend the money. I got the full detail and window tinting done on my car and I cannot recommend Brian enough. I will be his customer as long as I am in Charlotte.
5	Brian did an amazing job on my window and he was FAST! I had to get my driver side window tint removed and put back on!, he was done in about 20-25 min and it looks AMAZING! Very nice guy!
5	Brian was very friendly and easy to work with about getting my car detailed.  He did an amazing job with extreme attention to detail.  He worked with my schedule and even walked me over to the light rail station so that I could go run some errands while he worked on my car.  He takes obvious pride in his work! I have already recommended him to friends and will continue doing so!
5	This place is great! I just bought a new (used) car which needed a good amount of TLC. Brian got me in right away and they did amazing work.  Every nook and cranny was cleaned and the car shined like new!  Brian is my go to guy for all future detailing. I will go back in a few weeks for window tinting also...his pitch was very convincing:) Thanks again!
5	To say Brian is a miracle worker is an understatement. When I took my daughters 4Runner in, I didn't have much hope because when we bought it used, the paint was gone. It was chalky and white. But, today when I picked it up my daughter and I were arguing over whether or not it was her car...I didn't think it could possibly be hers!  Her car is actually shiny, clean and GREEN!  Who knew?  Her car looks so much better than when we bought it years ago.  I can't wait to get mine and my husbands cars over there.   I can't say enough good things about this wonderful family business...trustworthy, excellent work and wonderful people!
5	they honoured my check-in offer from yelp even though they had intended for that offer to have already been over and off of the app.  they quoted me one hour and honestly it probably only took about 20 minutes to get the front two windows of my small SUV tinted. they did a great job and they were a pleasure to work with.  they were also very patient with my lateness despite my appointment time.
1	I will not be back, and I'm sure Brian won't miss me or care about it, probably would prefer it to be that way.I went here in November after I bought my altima to have my windows tinted.  I was living in SC and was planning on moving into NC after the new year.  Well I recently went to have my car inspected and it did not pass for the tint being too dark.  I immediately called Brian and he asked that I bring it in to have a look.  When I got there, he wanted to drive me to work, drop me off, and take my car to have it inspected himself.   Uh yeah, that is not happening, so I drove us to one of his friends places to have the tint inspected, but his tester did not have working batteries, he just told Brian it would be too dark.  If Brian does tint, why does he not have his own tester??  As we were going back to the shop, he explained how it was not his fault and that he would give me a deal to not charge me for the removal, just the new tint.  While that's great that I'm getting a "deal" and I appreciate that, it would have been nice to know about the NC/SC differences before when I was originally getting it done as I would have gone with NC tint to begin with and I would not have to worry about a "deal".I make an appointment for Friday morning and show up with my car.  He tells me I am going to have to bring it back another day.  Really??  Well this is inconvenient for me!!  His response: "How so?? Did you ever think about why you need to bring it back? I have two cars that are taking longer than expected and I have 7-8 cars waiting to be taken care of."  Okay and?  A simple, yet customer friendly courteous response would have been, "Megan, I'm sorry for then inconvenience, I overbooked.".  Oh no, it's too much for Brian to take any responsibility or blame, an appology would have gone a long way. I took my car back yesterday to be done, not any kind of friendliness, apology for last week, thanks for your business (or me sending him business in the past), etc. from Brian.  I'm glad it is all done as I will never go back.  Work is okay, but customer service goes a long way with the work, and frankly, he doesn't have it.
5	(Had to get my tint removed upon moving to NC) Brian was very understanding that I had to bring my 2 year old to my apt time and got the job done in an hour instead of 2! Great customer service and job well done. I will be going back when I get new tint put back on it!
5	Brian and his team did amazing work on my black 2001 BMW Z3 Coupe! 13 years of oxidation, swirls, and scratches were magically lifted via polishing and paint touch up and whatever else Brian did to give the car a true show-room quality look. Brian took the time to discuss pros and cons of different tint option, as well as what percentage of tint would meet my needs and capture the look I wanted. I went with 40% Ceramic film and the application was flawless! I've had many of my other vehicles "detailed" at dealerships, car washes, and Detailing by Tim in Charlotte; as well as tint application through Autoshield & Sunstoppers and I regret that I wasn't referred to Brian's Exclusive detail earlier! Unmatched professionalism, quality, and trust! Highly Recommended!
5	I brought my Subaru Outback to Brian yesterday to get tinted.  The back window had some tiny welding spray from when the car was fixed.  This left tiny, completely unnoticeable bubbles in the tint.  Although it was no fault of Brian's, he still upgraded me to the top of the line tint on the front windows at no extra cost.  He is a very nice guy and cares about his customers.  I put 35% on the front and 20% on the back.  It looks great.  I will recommend Brian to all of my friends.
5	I had Brian tint my car and his shop did a great job.  I've had all my other cars tinted through dealers. The quality of Brian's work is a definite step above what I've had at dealers for the same or less money.  The tint went on perfectly, without a single bubble. Brian and his family were very nice and easy to deal with.  Also, the location is great if you work Uptown - the light rail station is a few hundred feet away.  I was able to drop my car in the morning and pick it up that afternoon via the train.
5	Brian and his team are the best in town! Look no further.  Competitive pricing and job done right quickly and the first time!
5	Simply the best at what Brian does.  My car looks brand new when I get a detail from these guys!
5	From the moment of my window tinting inquiry, they were responsive. They offered a Christmas discount, which was awesome. I brought my car in same day. They washed my car in addition to tinting while I waited (less than 2 hours). Brian is great - friendly and trustworthy. The industrial warehouse is somewhat remote feeling but the waiting room is nice and secure. Easy location off Old Pineville Road and Woodlawn. Tinting comes with warranty. Well done Brian.
