5	Great customer service... And even better rates on our truck payment....
5	Sunwest has been my bank of choice for the last 15 years! I was so happy for this new location to open and I'm even more pleased with the new renovations made to the building.The staff here is by far one of the most genuine, kind groups of people I have ever come across in a business. I have yet to visit this location and have a bad experience. The tellers are always smiling and greet me with a friendly hello (which we all know on certain days can be the highlight of our day) The Branch manager here Loree is an all-star! She used to be at the main location (Black Canyon Freeway and Cactus) but is now working at this new location on Bell. Loree is always willing to go above and beyond to help out customers (even staying a few minutes past closing hours when I annoyingly stroll in five minuets before they close... Sorry Loree :] ) She is extremely knowledgeable and trustworthy (obviously this is extremely important when it comes to people who are dealing with my money). I've followed her to this location because I know I can always count on her to answer all my questions. Ed the older gentleman that works here is a hoot! I absolutely love his personality! He always brightens up my day by cracking a funny joke or just simply putting a warm smile on his face! The other tellers here are just as wonderful and always are in good moods which always makes for an enjoyable environment.This credit union has low rates for personal loans around  7.90% which in comparison to other personal loans is extremely low so for this I do thank you! Sunwest is also insured by the National Credit Union Association which helps once again ease my mind. They have 7 locations around the state and also do shared branching which makes it easier for me and I'm sure other customers to deposit money regardless of what area of town you are in . I also like that you have several different options when it comes to managing your accounts. You can choose to have money transfers automatically take place monthly without having to set yourself a reminder, they have direct deposit available which for me is extremely helpful. This credit union also has overdraft protection fees which we all know is important. Another great selling point about this company is that they also have notary public services available at all of the seven branches, and ding-ding-ding these services are at no charge to members. So if you are sick of people you don't trust messing around with your money, if you're sick of outrageous interest rates and rude bank tellers make the switch to Sunwest and I'm sure you will be the happiest you have ever been with a Bank/Credit union!! Oh and I did forget to mention that if you suggest Sunwest to a friend or family member and they do go open an account I believe that Sunwest gives you 10  ( I'm not positive on the amount, but who cares its free money).Thanks for making my life easy and hassle free if I could give this location ten stars I would!
4	A great credit union with good rates on loans. The only reason they didn't get 5 stars was their online banking was made back when they first made windows and it's terrible. They need to invest some money into making a better site for their customers.
