5	This place is legit. The atmosphere is truly one of a kind. Most of the bars in Vegas you go in, and you're just another customer, but here it's more like you're part of a community. There's also a lot of unique entertainment, I mean playing jenga when everyone else is wasted? hilarious. I want to see twister next.Open mic nights are pretty bomb too, lot of cool local music, and you just have a lot of fun. Don't ask me about dancing, because I'm no good at it, but I can't say I haven't tried. It's way fun.Overall it's just a really cool place, worth checking out!
4	Ken M. describes this place perfectly. Jazz band, barbecue out front, low key place. Bit of an older crowd, but they seemed like good people just out to have some drinks and listen to good music. Can't beat that.
4	I go for the open mics. The selection is weak, but the service is usually excellent and the prices are okay.It is a really comfy environment and a nice play to meet up with a group of friends.NOT a typical Vegas bar!
4	I am writing a fresh review as the service has been better on every stop in since I first posted. Additionally, I head the beer selection is about to perk up :)The bar tender, this rad, tall blond with a great sense of humor, absolutely ties the place together.Sunday night Open Mics here are great. Lots of fun and some really great people.Definitively stop in and check it out soon!!
4	On my first trip to The Cellar, Kim made me feel like a regular.  The beer selection needs help, but is getting there.  Awesome whole in the wall, can't wait to go back.
5	We always have a wonderful night at the Cellar Lounge!  The atmosphere is like a warm blanket, it just feels like home.
4	Great live music.  Feels like you're among friends even when you're not.  Intimate setting, impromptu jams with some of Vegas' best rock, blues and jazz musicians, all the time.
5	11:30 on Thursday through Saturday...that's when you should visit the Cellar Lounge. Billy Ray Charles and the Boys from the parking lot will play 45 min- 1hr sets till the sun rises...laid back atmosphere, unpretentious and just plain home. Fun, friendly people and great blues/r&b band with cheap drinks and no cover. What are you waiting for?!
5	The cellar is probably my favorite bar in Vegas. I am from the deep south, and I love the blues; I'd have to say Billy Ray Charles does it better than any regular show in town. The drinks aren't expensive and you can dance all night long.
5	I got a tip from one of Ronnie Baker Brooks kinfolk to go see Billy Ray Charles at the Cellar Lounge.  We went last night and had a great time.  A mixed friendly crowd and as another reviewer pointed out...the tall blond bartender does a good job.  Also, met Dave one of the owners and he was very nice as well.  I thought Billy Ray and his band were great playing blues, jazz, R&B, etc.  This place reminds of some clubs in Chicago and I will go back frequently....just will need to take an afternoon nap before my next visit.
4	Had a great time!  The bartender was very nice.  Good blues music.  Played an Earth, Wind and Fire song that was off the chain!  We did a little dancing too!  We will definitely be back.  :)
4	Great music, open all night, cheap but strong drinks, we always find ourselves ending a long night out here. Patrons are pretty laid back, some dance , some play poker, some eat BBQ. It's whatever you want. The bartenders are great but depending on if their boyfriend or friends are there, they may not keep the drinks coming as quick as you like. 4 stars
5	I don't remember what day it is, but go when there is the BBQ guy.. ohmigod!.. yum! And with the music! OH!! LOVE LOVE LOVE!!
4	Been here 4 or 5 times with the gang from work. This place is great, live music til late, good food, lady bartender is awesome. This place was fast on the way to becoming our new hangout, but then went there on a Monday night  and met the bartender Jason. So rude & arrogant, absolutely no people skills. He forgot to pay my cash-out on a machine & when asked for it he basically said that me & my friends were trying to rip him off because he "never makes a mistake"!. Well 10 min. later he realized he had sit the $ down behind the bar & forgot to give it to us.His response, "oops, ship happens. too may good bars in this town who appreciate their patrons. dam shame such a great spot has such a crap employee.
4	As you have heard before.. The Cellar Lounge is where it's at when Billy Ray and his Boys are playing the blues. Recently I got an invite from a buddy to check these guys out.. So after dinner we headed down and had some drinks at the bar with Diane the bartender. She was very kind, and attentive and prompt with keeping my glass full of bourbon!  It was the most fun I've had listening to Blues.. The live aspect made it even more better. For sure you will see me down there again soon to get my blues music fix! Check it out.. It's a sweet spot. :]
3	I have only been here on Monday nights for the blues and west coast swing dancing. Well, I mostly just watch and listen to the band as my dancing skills are quite poor.The atmosphere is very casual. It seems like everyone knows each other. The band starts at 9pm, occasionally there is a blues dance lesson before. It is dark inside and sometimes with the band playing it is hard to have a conversation. Step outside to the patio for more light and quiet.
4	Great spot for music ! This really helped me to get my fix for a mid-western style neighborhood bar. The blues band (Billy Ray Charles) is top notch. The drinks are reasonably priced and well poured the times I have been there. Still have yet to had the BBQ but it is on my to do list. I will be back for sure. The bar staff has been good and attentive. Mondays a swing dance club meets there and are a hoot to watch. Really makes the atmosphere electric. Weekends the blues band starts later so plan accordingly unless you are in for the long haul. i hope to bring some more friends there and for now this place ranks as my top spot to see blues music in town.
4	Talk about a Blind-Pig.. Good drinks, good service and dammit good soulful music.  But kinda' sketchy.  Visit the Cellar and you'll know what I'm talking about.  Password not needed.
3	Very smokey atmosphere, Bartenders were friendly I enjoyed the music but I couldn't get over how smokey was definitely a smokers bar
3	Interesting joint.  Went there for open mic night and saw some unique performances.  Lost $100 in the video poker machines, so I'm over this place!!  Menu looked to be very reasonably priced for bar food.
5	This local dive is exactly what I was looking for: live music, stuff drinks, and a good atmosphere.  I will be back.
5	I hesitate to put such a good review because a place like this place so much i want to save it. It's a portal for great music in Las vegas.  True heart and you can smell and feel the history go through that place. From BB king to the unsigned local talent, if you're real enough you'll be through here
5	I wish the east coast was half as cool as Vegas, because this place fucking ruled! First of all the lady bartender was as cool as shit! She wanted to know everyone at the bar. You could've been a king or a popper and she was down! Give this chick a raise! Second of all, coconut and clue was down as well! They came over and talked to us and had the whole bar friggn grooving. After we left we were still bar hopping because of the major high, you guys all rocked! What an awesome Vegas experience!
5	Been here several times this year. We make it a plan to visit every time we come out to LV. 5 stars for a dive with live music. Good/Cheap drinks, rockin juke box and great live acts. If The Blues/Rock n Roll is your type of thing, don't miss out.
5	Never in million years would I have thunk find some true Jazz music here in Vegas more less in dive bar. Most grateful for my friends in life too make the suggestion too end birthday night getting our dance on here at Cellar Lounge. It good thing had our dancing shoes on because just happen that night had wedding party so no tables too sit down. Really once hear the sounds of Billy Ray Charles last thing you want too do is sit down. I am no means music mogul! LOL!!!! One thing that speaks true too southern blues/jazz is seeing three piece band. Drummer, bass, and guitar/lead singer. I never been too jazz festival more less New Orleans. I can tell you is seeing the bass guy just killing it, sitting down lay back rocking it (not sing backup just doing his thing on bass), and then the guitar/lead singer Billy can not only rock guitar riff but guy can sing. Not forget about the Drummer that guy does great job too. Lot of times felt like hearing some BB king or rocking it on bourbon street jazz festival going from one bar too the next bar. They played one song acoustic that was literally mind blowing End of the Road by Boyz II Men. The crowd me included belting out the chorus line. Amazing. In little dive be amazing authentic blues/jazz music. My friend mention that Billy has even won award for his music or writing credit. Any case if looking for place too chill, relax, hear some awesome blues/jazz live, and best part is there no cover charge too see these guys. I feel they put so much more heart into the music then any cheesy cover band you see on the strip or hotel period in Vegas hotel lounge. Mention dive this place has all the characteristic of one for me. It not exactly in the most lovely part of Vegas. Talk about lack of signage outside its so tiny that if not looking can easily pass it. Once you get too the front door interesting cause Cellar you literally walk down flight of stairs like going too Cellar. Inside find really not that big of bar. One main island that has machines all around, some spots not machines sit down, no real central theme or least I never got vibe of one, and in one corner have the band sets up with small dance area in front. They have some booths and tables that sit down watch the band. Talk about low ceiling if giant or hate smoke might not be ideal bar. The drinks are all reasonable price! Sure they serve food but we came here for the band and get our groove on. The bartenders  were all friendly and got our drinks in timely manner. HUGE fan of the Cellar Lounge even after just one visit. Look forward too bringing group of friends just chill, relax, hear great music, great friends, and great times.
3	Maybe I am jaded living in Las Vegas but, I was not super impressed. I went into the the Cellar lounge with super high expectations and was somewhat disappointed. My friend told me about this place that was underground, crazy for Las Vegas, and I was really interested in checking this place out.The cellar is located on the southeast corner of Sahara and Valley View, the entrance is well marked with a canopy to the east of the Mariana's market with lots of parking. The bar itself is located in a large, dark, and smoky room with typical dive bar decor. There is a small open area where they have live music, mostly jazz and blues, on most nights. I was told they also have large separate banquet rooms for weddings and other events.The bartenders were friendly and managed a busy Friday night bar well. The alcohol selection is typical with no specialty cocktails or craft beers. The Cellar is a solid dive bar where you can walk in, drink a beer, play some video poker, and have a good time without spending a fortune. I was expecting more of a speakeasy atmosphere. I would not recommend this place for a date or intimate gathering. It is very loud, with the live music and all. I would definitely come back here when I am in the mood for a dive bar.
3	Not quite what I remember. What happened to the pool tables?! This is a cool place to grab a quick, cheap drink but I couldn't see myself hanging out here all night - it's a 'place to start the night' kind of place. I saw they have live music, jazz, which doesn't appeal to me personally but by the looks, it's one of the draws of this place.I did like the ambiance of the Cellar lounge, dark, not too smokey. The bartenders were ok, not very talkative but attentive. We had 2 beers and 1 glass of wine for $11...cheap!
4	Billy Rays Charles & band brought down the house, good jams, great local dive bar. If you have a fav bar you frequent in your home town and you're having withdrawals, this place will fill the void! Cheap, strong drinks and friendly atmosphere.  A lil' to smoky for me but this house band on Saturday nights makes up for the smokiness. Band played from 11:30 to 4am with frequent breaks. The Cellar Lounge has flavor and it's out of the strip norm made the evening so chill with a side of a buzz!
4	Cool place to go to listen to open mic night and the "starving musicians" who travel across america to sing their songs. Some were good and some not so much. However, all fun to listen to! The cellar is a basement style establishment which is kind of dark and drab. Has a laid back vibe. A fun place to go to have a few drinks and listen to live music.
4	nice little place. I like it because it's not the typical las vegas bar/lounge. I went on Saturday night when they had the live blues band. staff was friendly and helpful.  little bit of an older crowd when I went. Drinks were little more than I expected ($8 for crown and coke). I'd like to check this place out on another night... like when they have the acoustic night. if you're looking for something different than what typical vegas bar scene offers then try this place. ***NOTE: they will be closing on March 30th***
