5	I like to consider myself a "massage whore" but have always been particular (aka picky) about the quality of the massages I get.  This place ROCKS!  Okay, so it's not Canyon Ranch and it's not the Spa at the Wynn but who cares.  When you're laying face down, all those amenities don't matter but the touch of the therapist.  And can I say Michelle is AWESOME?  I thought about not "sharing" her with the rest of the world for my own selfish reasons but this woman has a magic touch and I would be doing the world a service by at least letting it in on this little secret.  I found this place through my husband whom Michelle had been treating for his brain injury at rehab.  She has been treating him for nearly a year and just recently, I was injured in a car accident.  My doctor referred me to this useless pathetic chiropractic clinic who was more concerned about billing the insurance company and getting me a lawyer than actually treating me.  Yes, can you believe that I'm one of the very few who actually doesn't sue but just wants to get better?!?!  After a month of useless therapies, I decided to go see Michelle and just pay out of my own pocket because I just wanted to feel better.  After 3 sessions with her, I feel like a new person.  I plan on continuing to see her and Mary who is just as fabulous as Michelle.  If you don't believe my review, check the other reviews written about them on Spa Finder.  You won't be disappointed.  Just promise me world that you will still share a little bit of her with me.  :)
5	I've been going to this place for over 2 years now for colonics and let me tell you..if you are shy, have questions or are nervous about getting a colonic give this place a try. The person whom I see is Laura and she is very nice, professional and can answer all of your questions. For the colonics you are taken to a VERY CLEAN and sterile room and Laura gives you instructions on what you need to do. If you want her to help you in any way you just need to let her know otherwise she will leave you in the room alone. At anytime if you need her you just press the call button and she will come and check on you. She is so good at making you feel that you have total privacy(which you do). They have a whole list of services from massages to body wraps but I can only speak of the colonics as that is they only service I have done. Give them a call!
5	Had a colonic for the first time, and I'm glad it was here. I was a little nervous, but Laura, the lady who helped me, was nice and funny, and made me feel comfortable. It's nice to be able to just sit in the room by yourself and relax. I'm not a big "natural" health/hippie/hipster person or whatever, but I had a nice, relaxing time at Desert Wind Therapeutics. So basically, for the colonic, you set up your appointment, go in, she gives you the information and how to set yourself up, and then when you get yourself situated, you have a paper blanket thing to cover yourself with. She comes back in and gets you started. There's a call button if you need help or need more water, etc. Again, I'm not really into this sort of stuff, but it was definitely a pleasant and relaxing experience.
