4	This store is located at the Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood. It's a very small store so if you didn't know what it was, you'd probably pass it by. This store popped up just after I had gotten my first charm bracelet, so every time I'm in town I have to have to add one piece to my collection. And I love that it's located at the Miracle Mile because that's where I do most of my usual shopping.Since it's very small, the clerks usually greet you right away even if they are busy assisting other customers. And they LOVE showing you everything. Personally, I don't like to bother the clerks to show me every tray in the store unless I want to see certain charms, but it seems like they really enjoy showing you everything!And don't be shy to ask for their opinions, they usually come up with good suggestions to match the charms you already own. I'm verrrrry picky as well, but never have I felt that they were losing patience with me. And I come here a LOT.
4	It's story time, folks!In today's reviews, I'll be telling you all about the birthday where Sidney T. and I got each other the same gift, almost. It began one cold or warm day (I forgot) in February, because Sidney T. and my birthday are in the same month. Panicking to find the best gift for my new found playmate, I resolved to her love for Pandora. So I bought Sidney T. a birthday cake charm. Handed to her in a nice little box (complimentary of Pandora) and a nice Pandora bag. Weeks later, Sidney T. gave me my gift saying "I decided to use the same bag you gave me." Not assuming much, I opened it and found there was a box bigger than the one I gave her. When I opened it, I realized she had bought me a charm bracelet, like the one she had, for me to start collecting charms. She had purchased it before I had given her her gift. Thus began my tradition of buying a charm each time I'm in Vegas. Because you see folks, Sidney T. and I found love in the city of sin when we were the only two people who are fun enough to pack our bags and drive 4 hours at every chance of a complimentary room. This Pandora, located at Miracle Mile inside Planet Hollywood, have been a must stop each Vegas trip for us. We come in, pick a charm, go buy a Fat Tuesday while we're at it, and back to the room to get ready for Marquee! The staffs are really nice but they do watch your every step which kind of freaks me out. And that's all for today's story time with Binh T. True story, bro.
2	I purchased one of the 'charm' rings from Pandora and, sadly, the top that screws on to keep the charms in place broke. No biggie - I'll replace it.  NOT so easy. Pandora does not have replacement parts. They advised me I have to buy an entire NEW ring.  Seriously?  I've spent hundreds of $$ in charms that I can no longer use because of this, and I didn't even ask them to replace their own faulty ring...I was going to pay for the replacement part.  The way I see it, they've probably 'taken' several other buyers with this ploy.  I'm soooo disappointed because this is actually a beautiful ring that I received compliments on all the time. I'm passing the word on!!
