5	Awesome yoga studio.The staff is warm and friendly.  There is a lot of helpful information on the community board.  The classrooms are very nice.  They have a really cool gift shop.Desert Song is a great facility.
5	I first found Desert Song about a year ago when I was searching for an intro class.  I took the three session intro for 75 bucks.  Taught by Heidi Leiche, the intro class was full of yoga history as well as practice.  When you learn a bit about purpose behind a pose, rather than just how to do the pose, you get the full benefit of the practice. Heidi is especially easy to talk to and never makes you feel silly or stupid.All of the other instructors are good as well. I try and get in a class twice a month here.  Not pretentious, very friendly.  Good for all ages and body types.  I highly recommend this center!
5	I am a yoga newbie. I was referred to Desert Song by family and friends, who all raved about the instruction and facility. I have only taken Mary Beth's "all levels" yoga class 2 times, but I will keep going back again! You can tell that the people who take these classes are very passionate about the practice. I think the last time I attended her class there were 6-7 yoga instructors TAKING her class! That should say something!I am thrilled to have found a class that is challenging for all levels. I have found that I can only do beginning poses, but have tried to do some of the more advanced variations. The "all levels" class will probably keep me challenged for a long time. Then, when I feel like I have mastered the basics in the more advanced poses, I'll try my luck at some of the "advanced" classes.
5	I first took Mary Beth's Mommy & Me Yoga xx years ago. Now I'm back after an intro class. This is a very comfortable place to practice yoga. If you have injuries or medical problems, the intro and gentle classes are excellent. Weight and dress are also not an issue which contribute to yoga's stress relief benefits.Heidi's intro classes are great (and not too big). But maybe you should try another teacher when you're done with intro; Heidi's other classes tend to fill up . . .
5	Excellent teachers and lovely facility.  Regardless of your experience level, there is something for everyone! Convenient location for the central area, not to mention FANTASTIC massages.  I highly recommend this studio.
5	I came across this studio when searching for a place that offered prenatal yoga.  I have been so pleased!  The instructors are very friendly and knowledgeable, and the students are also very friendly and passionate.  The massages are also excellent.  I highly recommend this studio.
5	It really doesn't get any better than this.  The only place I will go - If you want to try yoga or you've been practicing for a while,  you will be glad that you went here.  The staff is great.
5	My wife and I took the couples' yoga and massage class here last Friday night, and thought it was great on so many levels.  There were several people in the class with us, yet it didn't seem too crowded; the instructor and her husband taught us a great deal about both massage and interactive yoga, which was engaging throughout; and finally.... What an awesome date night!  Seriously, we would have easily spent $40 or more having an average experience at any of our typical haunts.  But the payoff for this two hours was far better than any other date we've had recently.  Thank you so much, Desert Song.
5	I have taken 3 classes so far, Meg's 5:30pm Monday Class, and an All Levels class with Ellen. Meg is amazing, you feel it the second she walks through the door, her Basics class is wonderful, the poses are held long enough to really feel them and get them, she helps everyone and a lot, constantly explaining how to work the pose, deepen it or modify it. She is wonderful and I would not want to replace this class no matter how good I got!I did Ellen's 10:15am Saturday class and was challenged! The poses are still held but flow quicker from one to another. She is constantly explaining how to work the pose, and is walking around and correcting, helping and bringing her energy and enthusiasm to all corners of the room. I found it more challenging in a different way and thoroughly enjoyed it!! She is a joyful and enthusiastic teacher.I find Desert Song a wonderful, intimate and nurturing environment and I am absolutely going to continue going there. It is also 5 minutes from my house......which is yet again another huge plus!!!
3	I really like the classes. The instructors really seem well-versed. But, they are so jam-packed. I hate that. Also, one time the instructor introduced herself to all the other yoga newbies but, completely ignored me. Maybe, I rubbed her the wrong way,I don't know. Whateves. Also, the Mommy and Me yoga is so overrated. I think I just did not really mesh well with Evon. But, I do love the front desk help especially the guy who teaches restorative.
5	Love this place.  Been going for over 10 years.  Heart-centered yoga taught by heart-centered teachers.  It's a spiritual place for me as well as a place for me to work my body and mind.  Mary Beth, as owner, walks her talk and is as genuine as they come.  Mary has an excellent kids class that my little ones absolutely love.  Evon's prenatal rocks.  Ellen's Saturday morning is an inspiration.
5	This was another discovery I made when I was in Arizona for my vacation. Anyone who does yoga in Phoenix should go to Desert Song, and at least try out the amazing classes. There's a $30 all-you-can-yoga 2-week pass, and it's definitely worth it. If you don't feel that you get anything out of the classes, it's probably your own fault: all the instructors ask what people would like to work on, what your energy level is like tonight, give you options if you want to push yourself and help you improve your posture and position. If you go to class willing to speak up and ready to learn, you will love Desert Song.In particular, Mary Beth is a great teacher who varies her classes so you always get a good workout or stretch, and you don't get bored. I worked my vacation schedule around when Mary Beth was teaching so I could go to her all-levels. Thanks to Ana C's glowing rec, I also tried a class with Ellen. Score there, too. Also tried out a yoga flow class (and though I can't remember the instructor's name, but I think you're getting the picture. Great people all around). For people who have injuries, Desert Song is WONDERFUL. When you check in at the beginning of class, (you sign in at the front desk) the instructor asks you if you have any limitations or concerns. You don't have to announce that you're post-op or that you have a bad knee, and your instructors bend over backwards to make sure everyone works at their own level and is accommodated with a pose modification that will be right for him or her.Really, as good as it gets.
4	I'm visiting Phoenix and was looking for a gentle yoga class, and took Rachel's 10:15 a.m. class on Tuesday. What a great pick-me-up! The class managed to be both gentle, yet challenging -- not easy to manage (please note that this is not a traditional restorative class, with long holds and an emphasis on relaxation). The instructor had a good background and emphasized correct form, so participants didn't' hurt themselves. Like any good yoga teacher, she offered modifications and encouraged people to work at their own level and not hurt themselves. The pace was relaxed. The only feedback I would give Desert Song is that the class should have started and ended on time; we started a little late and ran late. It happens, though. Desert Song's staff was uniformly friendly, helpful, and positive. The facility was lovely, clean, and quiet, and I really appreciated not having to pay to rent a mat (every studio in D.C. charges for this), since I didn't bring my mat on my travels. The studio had nice bolsters, blankets, straps, and other props readily available. The energy of the place was really good, and I will definitely swing by on future trips to Phoenix.
5	I first started going to Desert Song about a year and a half ago with the intro class, and I am hooked! Mary Beth is amazing and makes you feel like she has built a workout around you. The classes are always something different, so you get a good workout every week. The into class is great for anyone just getting started or who needs a refresher. Also when you do the intro you get a discount on the first class set you buy and can drop into any classes in addition to the intro classes for only $10 the whole month you are in intro.Stephanie is my favorite instructor because she works you very hard, but her classes have a great energy. I am really starting to notice an improvement in my balance and strength (I no longer feel like I am going to do a face plant when I go into cobra). Whether you are a beginner or advanced you should check it out.
5	Best in Phoenix. Even with injuries, I feel that that have always taken great care to work with me so that I never go too far and reinjure. Mary Beth and all the other instructors are the best. They also have special workshops and off site yoga trips, like the Pura Vida one in Costa Rica. I have known this studio since the 1990s, and will always return.
5	Dessert is simply best for all people. The into class is great for anyone just getting started or who needs a refresher. Yoga is always great for me. So i liked this place very much. If want to interact with great people while furthering your yoga practice, try out this studio. Heidi is especially easy to talk and teach you about the posture and benefit of yoga.
5	i wish i could give a gazzilion stars!  i have minimal yoga experience, but i can honestly say peri & anna's mommy and me classes are out of this world- relaxing, informative and fun.  i feel so much better afterwards. everyone is so nice and the place just has a great vibe probably due to the great people working there!
5	I have gone to Desert Song for years,on and off. Went for my pre natal yoga, and now going to Monday morning mommy and me yoga, taught by Anna. This class brings me so much joy. The first couple of classes were fun but not much yoga. Well, I don't know what changed, but whatever it is, I am happy. It's 50/50 yoga for mommy's and yoga for babies. Plus dancing around the room, and 5minutes devoted to being in the moment with your baby.  Mommy and me yoga, at Desert Song has been a amazing way to bond with my daughter, get her out of the house, and show her interesting things at such a young age, she is 6months now.Anna is a Be talented teacher. She juggles the babies, 1year olds and lets us mom's get a work out in.
5	This place is a well of calm and grace in the middle of this cesspit we call a city.The instructors are knowledgeable and kind and welcoming.  I have yet to meet anyone on the staff who was anything other than completely authentic and sincere.They have classes for, literally, everyone.  Total noob or seasoned veteran, you'll have a home here.Go.  Now.
5	I have been attending classes at Desert Song for about a year and absolutely love the staff and culture.  All the staff members are extremely knowledgeable and excellent teachers.  They focus on alignment and teaching yoga for the whole person not just as a form of physical exercise.  They ensure you are doing the poses correctly and always provide several variations.  Every time you sign in, the teachers ask you how you are doing and if there is anything they should be aware of.  I am not sure if other studios do the same kinds of things but I have no reason to find out.  Also, Desert Song has a number of offers and deals throughout the year on massages, yoga classes, and merchandise.  Other studios I considered going to were much more expensive.  They also offer several different levels of yoga so that beginners and very established practitioners will find classes for them.  If you have never done yoga I highly recommend taking their Intro class.
5	I only come here for massages so that's what my rating is for.  Their 90 minute massage is $105, which is a bargain compared to local hotel spas, etc.  I highly recommend Ann, who is great!
5	This place is life changing.  LIFE CHANGING.  Any class taught by Heidi will knock your socks off.  I feel as though I'm floating thru class with ease but then I'm sore the next day.  It's as meditative & healing as it is exercise.  Very clean, great staff, and adorable retail space.  Restorative class was really nice as well.  Can't wait to get a massage here as well.  Best yoga studio in Phoenix.
5	When I think of Desert Song, the word that comes to mind is "haven."  Desert Song is a haven from the hustle and bustle of daily life.  A place to recharge and recenter. As soon as you walk in, you can breathe a little easier.  The atmosphere is calming and inviting.I've been to a lot of yoga studios and I think this place has the best staff.  I particularly love Mary Beth and Alisa.  Mary Beth is a great teacher, a great leader for the whole class but, on top of that, she gives tons of personal attention to everyone there.  Alisa is also wonderful. I know she usually teaches prenatal but I had her as a sub for another class and I thought she was top-notch.I've also gotten a couple massages here and they are wonderful.  Rivaling 5 star spa experiences I have had at some of the most luxurious resorts in the country.  Does it sound like I'm crazy about this place? That's because I am! Seriously, give it a try.
5	I have only been one time thus far for a prenatal yoga session. Incredible. I highly recommend. Staff is friendly, accommodating. Atmosphere is serene and peaceful. I do not have enough words to describe how much better I felt after leaving. I can't wait to go again tonight.
5	I have been going to A Desert Song for now over 16 years since it was at the 16th street location. The staff are very dedicated to their craft and will help anyone, at any level. I would recommend the intro series for the new students, or the basics class. The staff will get to know you by name, and personally help you. Even in a large class you may feel like you are having a private yoga session, especially with the owner Mary Beth.As others have mentioned, this place is truly a breath of fresh air in Phoenix. When I am tense all I need to do is go to yoga and it all washes away. If I need some deeper intervention, desert song is hands down the best place to get a massage in the valley. The practitioners can root out your stress and rub it all away. After a massage here I feel as if all of my stressors in life have magically disappeared. There's nothing that even comes close. They've ruined me for everything else.
5	Desert Song's Intro to Yoga class was a perfect introduction to what has become a weekly Thursday evening routine for me.  Desert Song offers a variety of classes at different times of day, but Thursday evenings with Stefanie (Basics) have always been my favorite.  If I can manage it, Stefanie also teaches an All-Levels Community Class on Saturdays for $7!  For the perfect end to a hectic weekend, try the Restorative Class on Sundays with Adam.  It's just yummy.
