4	My first EVER visit to Panera! I'm probably the only person in America who hadn't been here yet. Well now I am one of the happy, carb filled masses.My mom and I came here on Sunday morning to grab a quick bite to sustain some last minute gambling at Green Valley. I thought my Turkey Sausage and Potato souffle was tasty, if a bit dinky in size. I also didn't notice any potatoes. My mom's breakfast panini was much more substantial and I was slightly jealous.A lot of their menu sounds really good, but don't be like me and check out the nutritional stats online when you get home or you and your thighs will be sorry. Trust me!
3	Panera Bread's Cream of Chicken & Wild Rice soup is very good. They make it only a few times a week Tues, Thurs, & Sat. The food quality has gone down over the years. The pick 2 is good combo if you don't know what you want. My usual is the tuna san. & chicken noodle soup. The salads are a hit or miss. The pastries and breads are good. And the toffee cookie always satisfies when they have them.We don't usually eat in Panera but they run a clean restaurant, play mellow jazz music, they have free wifi, and the bathrooms are also clean. Panera's can get very busy for lunch & on the weekends. The restaurant will seat a lot of people and they also have outside tables too.
5	I come to this Panera every Sunday with my sister. Everyone knows that Panera food is the best for the price, but this Panera at The District is special. Every time I go there the young cashiers are super friendly. I am such a pain in the ass sometimes, I've got to be honest and hate to admit it, but I am curious about ingredients or what things taste like in certain dishes and I expect the high School aged cashiers to roll their eyes or give me some sort of attitude, it never happens. Me: Orchard Apple Harvest Salad? What's the dressing like? Kid: Oh it's my favorite, a very sweet cherry vinaigrette! Me: Great, I'll take that! They are always super friendly, great at telling me what's inside the sandwiches, and if they don't know, they always ask for me. I see the manager from time to time, a nice blonde lady, she's usually talking to customers asking them how their meal is, or training a new employee. I stopped and told her that I was so pleased with a couple of her employees (of whom I wish I could remember their names), and she thanked me and said that she would let them know that they were complimented. People of Yelp- do that more often- I'll bet the high school kids like being acknowledged. Besides the people that work here are super friendly here, it's very clean here, which is rare for a minimum wage type place. I love that The District is dog friendly too! I'll take my golden here to meet another dogs, kids, and accompany us when we sit outside at the Coffee Bean, Rachel's (another great place), or wherever. I'll continue to go here pretty much every Sunday - very nice, very relaxing.
4	Great selection with decent prices. Free wifi and a decent rewards card. Great lunch date place! A lot of children but that could be a pro or con!
4	I find myself at this panera bread a lot because it's close to my work.  I was never a big fan of Panera bread in the past.  I think it is because we would always go for dinner and I don't think this is the best dinner place.  Like I mentioned I try to run in and out of this place when I need to grab something that ins't fried or a burger.  I always order the Turkey Bravo sandwich.  This is a big sandwich and tasty too! Here's what I don't like so much with this Panera bread.  The kids at the cash register are a littl slow.  I mean "slow" in a few different ways.  I try to run in and run out, but there always seems to be a line.  I know what you are thinking that I probably go during a lunch rush.  This is not the case because my lunch is at 3ish during the week.  I'm sure they are trying to the best they can, but they need to move it along.  Overall I enjoy Panera because the food always taste fresh and it reasonably priced.  So, go enjoy a turkey bravo sandwich when you get a chance. Oh and the other stuff is good too.  Cheers!
5	Oh Panera Bread. Why are you so good?Yes, it is a franchised joint. However, they do everything very well. Your best bet is to get the combo meal in which you choose 2 items out of a variety of soups, salads and half sandwiches for a little less than 10 bucks. I highly recommend the Napa Almond Chicken Sandwich and French Onion Soup. The staff is very friendly at this location but beware! They will always try to persuade you to add a delicious pastry to your meal for 99 cents. The English Toffee Cookie is large and extremely delicious. The iced tea here is the best!! Don't forget they have free wi-fi too!
4	I usually like to go to "Grand ma" type bakeries for all my bread needs and avoid the chains but Panera Is an exception. It's hard to find yummy soup bread bowls these days atleast It Is in las vegas with all our hybrid dining options and ultra shic veggie spots. seems like theres no more room on the menu for carby bread but not Panera....Bread made fresh.
4	This is a go to place for my wife and I to grab lunch.  Usually we go to the one on Sunset but I think they are all the same.  For a great price, $6.99, you can get the 'Pick Two'.  Choice of a 1/2 sandwich, salad, or soup.  Mix and match however you see fit.  The sandwiches and salads are great but a favorite of mine is the French Onion Soup with the home made croutons.  For a quick, cheap lunch, this is a great place to go!
3	3.5 stars for good soups, salads and bagels, and really good baked breads and muffins.   The corporate food business model is based on the idea that people will keeping coming back for mediocre food as long as the food is predictably and consistently mediocre.  You have to hand it to them.  It's true.  People will choose mediocre food over and over again (MsDonald's, Subway, etc.) rather than try out an unknown restaurant where the food might dip below mediocre and down to awful.But unlike the typical corporate taste model, the folks behind Panera wondered what would happen if the food offered tasted good or if the menu included numerous healthy and tasty options.  People might still come back again and again.  Good call, Panera CEOs.  You were right.Panera offers a wide choice of sandwiches, baked goods, soups and salads.  There's something on the menu for most taste buds.  It's basically a deli / bakery with consistently decent/good food.  Here's my breakdown:Breads--really good, borderline great (4 stars)Muffins and muffin tops - - mostly "hells yes" (4 stars)Bagels -- pretty solid (3-4 stars) Sandwiches -- a little hit or miss (2-3 stars) depending on your preference (but the bread will be good)Salads -- pretty solid again (3-4 stars)Soups -- decent (2-3 stars) -- but put it in a bread bowl and it jumps up to 4 stars b/c if I haven't mentioned it already, the bread is really goodPrice is a little steeper than most corporate spots, but a lot of the food is fresh.  The service is hit or miss (it is a high volume corporate counter service place) and the ambiance is well, blah (bland and dull and nowhere I want to hang out).  But it's a solid place to get carry out from again and again.
4	What can I say?  A chain bakery cafe that is fairly consistent, in my experience, and employs friendly staff.  Bread is very good, ingredients are fresh, and prices aren't break-the-bank high.  I like the fact that the calorie amounts are listed on the menuboard; for some, that may ruin a dining experience, but for me, it's a useful tool to watch my food intake (especially since I spend most of my days sitting on a piano bench)!
5	No matter where I go, when I get a hankering for a sandwich, I always order the Italian Sub.  as a test run, before I eat anything else there.  Well, this location raised the bar on any Italian Sub ever after.  It looked so good I actually took a picture of it, and it tasted excellent.  It was a bit pricey for my budget, but you get what you pay for.  The bread was freshly baked and rustic, the meats and cheeses of the highest quality, and the toppings crisp and fresh.  I couldn't wish for a better Italian Submarine sandwich.
4	This place is a good change of pace from the ordinary sandwich shops. Great Mac n cheese and breads/pastries. Have become a regular customer over the years and would recommend it to all.
4	Yes they're a chain but still really good food! Staff has been great every time.
4	3.5 starsI really do enjoy my sandwiches here - sometimes it's just a lunch I crave.  The restaurant is clean, service is decent, and there are a lot of good sandwich options.  It's a little expensive though and if I'm going to pass it up it's usually because there are cheaper options.  One thing I'm never thrilled with are the pastries.  Luckily, with my panera card, I  often score free pastries and don't normally buy them.  Also, the panera card often rewards me with cash off a sandwich, free coffee, and other goodies.  And it's usually a surprise when I order and hand them my card so I feel like I've "won" something lol.  I like sitting outdoors here on a nice day.  Easy meal to enjoy with friends and not feel TOO guilty about afterwards.
4	Im so not a bread or sandwich person, so how I ended up here it's a secret!  Literally!!  I read about the secret aka the "Hidden Menu" for some healthier choices of low carb/high protein options like the Chicken Hummus Bowl and Steak Lettuce Wraps.  Sounds good to me! Since it's not on the menu board or mentioned in any advertising you have to let the cashier know you want to order from the "Hidden Menu" menu deets here: http://mypanera.panerabread.com/articlestips/article/access-into-paneras-hidden-menu/The Steak Lettuce Wraps I tried were surprisingly very good.  The steak was very lean, prior grilled served chilled, sliced thin strips, not processed didnt have that taste like it was treated with sodium nitrates. The fresh veggies that came with it were sliced cucumbers and onions and diced tomatoes.  All the ingredients were topped with a basil pesto and tossed with lemon juice.  The pesto was a really refreshing touch to this dish.  I would so order this for lunch again!  Restaurant was fairly clean although some of the tables needed to be bussed more thoroughly.  I passed up the booths that had bits of food debris (ie lettuce and crumbs) on the seats.  Service was pretty good. The cashier at the counter was knowledgeable, it's a good sign they knew what is offered on the Hidden Menu. Good thing it's available at all Panera's now. So based on only what I tried this visit it's a 3.7 ....Like I said I don't come here for the breads or sandwiches but I really like that they now offer low carb selections.   Next time I want to try the egg white bowl with roasted turkey that's on the breakfast hidden menu.
1	The amount of hate I have for this Panera Bread is not ok at all. I have been to other Panera Bread locations and this is by far the worst one without a doubt. I personally love a free meal [who doesn't?] but the fact that I have eaten at this location 4 times and only paid for 1.5 of those visits is not ok. I would love to give them 5 stars because I really do LOVE Panera Bread but this location falls flat.The first time I came here was great cause all I ordered was 2 bowls of soup. It isn't that hard to put soup in bowls and get it to a table. But the 2nd and 3rd time were not that great. I am a "semi-vegetarian" so pork and red meat are meats that I will not consume so when I walk into any food establishment I already know my choices are a bit limited. The 2nd time I went to this location I ordered a simple pick 2 lunch with soup and a grilled cheese sandwich. Seems really simple right...NO! I know they have a simple grilled cheese and a big kid grilled cheese with BACON but there is no way he could have "mistakenly" heard big kid grilled cheese while I was ordering. So needless to say when I bit into a piece of bacon I was beyond upset. I did keep my composer and had a talk with the manager who then rushed me out a new sandwich and gave me a full refund [that I did not ask for or demand in any way].My 3rd visit was a To Go order and was two salads with some modifications, nothing major at least in my mind. I ordered the amazing Fuji Apple Salad and the Thai Chicken Salad both with modifications that are based on taste preference. Because I was about to work a double I planned to have 1 salad for my lunch right before my shift and the other for my meal later on in my shift but thank goodness I work in a restaurant or I would have gone hungry that day. To make a long story short every modification I asked for was passed over and disregarded. So I did call and complain to which a second refund was given to me.There is a saying "fool me once shame on me, fool me twice shame on you" I definitely should have chose another place to grab dinner on my way home but I figured the 3rd visit was a To Go so I should have looked in the bag before I left so I gave them a 2nd chance and I wish I didn't. I ordered a Thai Chicken Salad and a Chipotle Sandwich [that has BACON to which I specifically stated that I am a semi-vegetarian and did not want the bacon]. Before I leave I open the salad box to make sure the modifications on that are good and this time they were. I then open the sandwich box and the sandwich looks like it should look. I get home and once again bite into BACON -__- like I couldn't even understand how that could happen. But I did call and yelled at the manager at this point I was beyond done with this place she did give me a refund on the sandwich after I was done yelling. I work at a restaurant so I understand what goes on beyond the counter so brushing it off, as a simple mistake was not about to happen.Needless to say I will no longer be going back to this location for my Panera fix.
1	Is it possible to give a -5 star rating? If it were, I would give it to this location! This is the worst, worst, worst Panera Bread I have ever been to. Why do I continue to go there you may ask... because it is so close to my house, I have limited options as a vegetarian on the go, and apparently I am a glutton for punishment. I have spoken with three different managers regarding the issues I've had with my meals, and nothing ever seems to change.I can finally say that I will not be going back, au revoir!
4	Panera Bread, although a tad overpriced in my opinion, is a decent place to a grab a quick bite to eat. I am not going to say they are a healthy option compared to other "fast" type eateries because I don't think everything on their menu is really promoting great health. However, it is a step up from a burger and fries combo at McDonald's. This Panera is a staple of The District, sits directly facing the parking lot and is conveniently located. The establishment is large and spacious, which is good, because anytime I have been here the place has been steady with patrons. Customer service is good, although I always get hit up to get their card, which I decline, because I don't go to Panera enough to warrant getting the card. Plus, all in all I am kind of fed up with this every freakin' place I go wants to give me some card deal. Hrumph. Anyway.Food - I ordered the Chipotle Panini and my husband ordered the Smokehouse Trukey Panini. Both came out deliciously melty and warm, pressed perfectly. I received mine with chips, my husband got a cut up apple, so we shared. Overall loved the paninis. We also ordered a yummy blueberry muffin which was dense and flavorful. Quality vs. price - Again, as stated above I feel Panera to be overpriced. I got two combo paninis (which do not come with a drink), one small drink, and a muffin, my total came to almost 20 bucks. The paninis are on the smaller side, so the price value does not exactly match the quality and quantity of what you are receiving. However, the taste is good.So you have to fight your battles with fast, convenient, "healthier" food. Of course I will return to Panera Bread in the future. I just wish it did not hurt my wallet so bad.
4	I know its a chain and everyone has been here...  But it's still fabulous!  This location is very clean, has a friendly staff and food is always amazing.I love the variety Panera offers.  Their lunch deals are outstanding with the Pick Two.  If you read my reviews, you know that I am a salad fanatic.   I ordered the Chopped Chicken Cobb with Avocado.  With their fresh ingredients, it is so tasty.  The grilled chicken has a great flavor and is abundantly spread over the salad.   Another bonus for Panera, they list the calories right up on the menu boards.  This makes it so convenient for us who want to eat healthier.  Thank you Panera Bread!  I will be back!
2	I'm not overly impressed wthis panera..food is so so, service is so so, prices warrant better quality and freshness
1	Something about this Panera bread upsets my stomach.I've eaten at other Panera breads and felt fine.I talked with the manager and he rudely brushed me off.This place makes you sick and then mocks you for it. Avoid it at all costs. Eat out of the trash cans near by for better food. My stomach is churning just thinking about it.
4	I loved this place!  Perfect for a healthy delicious lunch with a ton of options to pick from you can't get bored!  Personal favorites inclue the Mediterranean Veggie Sandwich, the sundried tomato bread is great, and the vegetable soup with pesto! Panera has great options for kids too.
5	I love this place!!!! I so wish there was a location in Utah. I got the chicken chipotle sandwich and Mac and cheese. Ohh that Mac and cheese was amazing so delicious  the people here were so nice, got our food quick. Seriously great food, good price, friendly people awesome location. You can't go wrong.
1	WOW. What a disaster today was!First off, you walk in, and it is overwhelmingly warm.We ordered, I had the asiago roast beef, with tomato soup, and a baguette.My aunt had a turkey sandwich, but she asked them told hold the onion, and instead of the chipotle mayo, if they could substitute it for regular mayo,...(she doesn't do spicy very well), and ordered a bag of chips with her lunch.We find a place to sit, and our plates come.The chips and the baguette weren't on the right plate, but okay. I guess that's an easy switch.But you could clearly see the huge slices of red onion, and the huge glob of chipotle mayo on my aunt's sandwich. She takes it up to the counter to have it remade.I'm sitting with my daughter, and before I take a bite out of my sandwich, I see a stand of plastic wrap hanging out of it. It is VERY noticeable, and I am beginning to wonder how no one saw it....I then take my plate up to be remade.The manager informed me that it was "from the cheese".Girlfriend, I do not care where it is from. I don't want it in my sandwich.She came by with our new plates afterwards, and offered us a free cookie, but we declined.The food was Ok. The soup was the savior of it all for me.Yikes.
2	WHERE'S THE BEEF?   It amazes me how restaurants could mess up such a simple sandwich like a BLT. A BLT is not exactly a culinary work of art. It is beacon, lettuce, and tomatoes with mayonnaise on bread. Yet, some restaurants mess it up. When I set eyes on my Panera Bread BLT, or more like LT; I was asking the exact question that the old lady asked in the 80s Wendy's commercial "Where's the beef?" In this case the beef was beacon. What I saw was a few pieces of ordinary beacon with lettuce and tomato on bread.  The bread was comparable to Wonder bread which is ironic considering that this is Panera Bread. I was unimpressed that there was not a choice of bread and that it was untoasted. The potato chips that I picked as the side was actually better than the sandwich.    This is my second time at this Panera Bread. A few weeks ago, I dined here with Shirley. B. The roasted turkey & avocados BLT that I ordered then was a tasty sandwich. And I know that Shirley liked her soup. But that doesn't make up for the atrocity of a sandwich that I had tonight and for the record, a good amount of it was leftover bread.  The restaurant itself, which is in the Paseo Verde Parkway side of The District, is a clean and attractive dining environment. The noise level is average with some rock playing in the background. And there is sufficient seating and lighting. Panera Bread is on the dining level between fast-food and casual dining. You step in line then order off the menu board. After paying, you bring a number to a table. They bring you the food, but you serve your beverage. When your done they bus the table.  A BLT gives me an impression of a restaurant. And when a BLT is so short of the beacon that it becomes a LT it is leaves me with a poor impression.   I never say never. I could return to Panera Bread. Maybe their speciality is bagel sandwiches. Who knows! If I cross that bridge and return to Panera Bread, and leave satisfied with a different sandwich, I can always update my review with a reference to this one. After tonight's sandwich, color me unsatisfied.
1	The place is ran by idiots. I get there and only one in line but the cashier sees me and continues to use a little brush to take crumbs off the device right behind the cashier station.  Finally she FINISHED, so then asks if I'm ready. Asked to get a bagel and they couldn't toast it.  What?  The week before they didn't have the tea made.  The manager during the evenings is not on the ball.
4	Consistently good food and great service. Food is always fresh and if you're not satisfied with something they will replace it or give you something else. Broccoli cheese soup is great.
5	A week ago we order out form this location. When I got home I realized that they forgot part of the order. We called and talked to the manager and she said she would replace it and to come in whenever.  Today me and my mom went in, we let the cashier know the situation and she went got the manager.  She remember me and waited for the cashier to take our order. I was expecting just my meal to be free but she gave us everything for free! It was really awesome to see the whole staff super caring for their customers and taking care of them.  I work in retail and understand the importance but they went above and beyond my expectations!!! And not to mention their food is amazing!!!!
2	I love Panera Bread so much that I frequent all of the different locations in the Vegas area. This location is the absolute WORST! I went for (most likely) the last time last night. I went in for a takeout salad. The employees were not friendly and looked a bit "out of it." The girl who took my order never smiled and seemed to be "chained" to the cash register. While she was attempting to take the order of the woman in front of me, a kid came up and asked for a takeout box. Instead of finishing the order, she stops the customer mid-order and walks away to get a takeout box. When it's finally my turn to order, I ask for a little extra salad dressing on my chopped chicken cobb with avocado salad. She tried to charge me almost $1 EXTRA for dressing. What? I've never had a Panera attempt this extra upcharge before. I mean, I asked for no eggs on my salad so you'd think they could toss in a spoonful of extra dressing for free. As I waited for my order, I kept hearing the kitchen yelling about being out of this and out of that (bread, sauces, etc). Luckily they weren't out of any ingredients in my salad. I grabbed my takeout bag and headed for home. Once I started to eat my $10 overpriced takeout salad, I was so disappointed. First, the portion size was super tiny. There was a good amount of chicken but hardly any blue cheese, lettuce or avocado (I'd say the kitchen was attempting to hide the fact that a miniscule amount of avocado was on my salad -- it was about 2 small slices that were chopped into 5 pieces each to make it look like there was more). I eat this salad at least once a week (no joke) and most Panera locations add at least 4 or 5 FULL slices of avocado. And as if to sum up this experience, the whole grain baguette portion in the bag was totally burned on the bottom (see photo). Panera is a good chain restaurant but this location is horrible. You can do much better than wasting your money here. I hope the corporate office can address some of the problems here. All you have to do is take a look at the Yelp reviews and you'll see the common themes and problems.
4	Delicious bread muffins cookies coffee. Pleasant staff. Clean beverage station and usually enough half and half..BUT the Internet is extremely slow if it even connects. Area near windows need to be cleaned.
5	The boyfriend and I went in here for a quick takeout meal and our service was excellent. Lily was behind the counter, and went above and beyond to help us. We were asking a lot of questions about the menu and she was very helpful. She was able to explain many of the menu items in great detail. Her super friendly attitude and approachability was super refreshing. She was such a delight. I honestly will return more often knowing that this location has such great service. The boyfriend usually tolerates service staff and lets me take the lead, but while we were waiting for our food, he was raving about how nice lily was to us. I ordered the white cheddar mac and cheese and it was delicious, one of my favorites. Make sure you get the bread with the mac and cheese because it goes so well together. I also got the grilled cheese sandwich with Fontina and Gouda. It was really good. The boyfriend ordered a super large sandwich, The Italian. He really liked it. It was really big and had a lot of stuff on it. Steak, Turkey, Ham and Salami for meat, as well as Swiss Cheese, Peperoncini, lettuce, tomatoes, red onions and some kind of special sauce. Definitely recommend for those that are super hungry.
4	The only time I eat here is when it's someone else's idea. Not that the food isn't great, but the crowd is annoying. The place is always slammed. I guess that's a good thing. Means the food is pretty darn good. And you know what? It is pretty darn good. I'd recommend it to anyone.I hate to say this, but since the arrival of Cafe Zupas, I always refer them over Panera Bread when a friend suggests we eat here. The sandwiches, soups and salads are just better. But, they suffer the same thing this place does. Very crowded. This place isn't as congested as Zupas, so I would come here more often if I didn't want an issue with finding a place to sit and being able to hear the person sitting across from me. Great food here. Great food. I recommend. Just be ready for the packed house if coming for lunch.
5	Salads are delicious, Tea is delicious, and they are pretty fast. I have also ordered their catering for work and I love how they give you large drink containers and EVERYTHING you need. It is unusual that you can get healthy food delivered, but Panera does it and does it well. Highly recommend it :-)
5	Updated review.. I noticed employees cleaning in areas that were left unclean before. The Internet connection is better. Much better. And it felt good to try some fresh muffin samples. Thanks 4 listening.
4	I always enjoy Panera! Great fresh food! Yummy soups, salads, and sandwiches! Don't forget the great pastries and goodies! Love the iced tea varieties! Love this location- great atmosphere!Always a good choice!
4	Panera is always consistently good. No matter if I'm in Vegas or Cali I have liked the good I get. My company uses them for catering at times and like that food as well.  I have eaten at several in Las Vegas and always gravitate toward this one when I'm in the mood for Panera. Not sure if it's the size, that it always a little busy, or that it's in the district, but I really like this place. This store staff are very nice. My four use old has dropped her bagel here two on separate occasions and both times someone behind the counter just brought us another without being asked. If you find yourself in the district check out this Panera.
4	Always a great lunch spot!  The pick-two deal is perfect!  Cup of soup - 1/2 sandwich and an apple for $6.00.   Caution:  you can add a tasty dessert treat for $.99 !!!
5	Love the breakfast selection.
5	I really like this particular Panera at The District.  It has a warmer ambience, food is fresher and a little more spacious.
5	Coffee is fresh and very good. Get there early for good selection. I love there bangles!
