4	I consider the only motivation for venturing this far down Leith Walk is to check out this bar. I'm not really into interior design but you really do have to see the male toilets in this place. It's like something out of a George Micheal video.Its a wetherspoons so you know what to expect, but the service is really fast thanks to the microwave in the kitchen.I go here when I want to talk to have a quiet chat with somebody, or eavesdrop on the old lady conversation.
2	I cannot make up my mind about Wetherspoons pubs.I don't hate them - they are really cheap, so you can't argue with that. But I don't get totally psyched at the thought of meeting in them either. The lack of music can be grim i(it's eerily quiet), the meals are often microwave chewy, and the pints can be flat.This Wetherspoons, like most of them, is massive. There is a lot of floorspace and it's not as rundown inside as its shoddy exterior suggests. The outside looks sadly shabby, like the building is forlorn. And there's nothing that makes me sadder than a beautiful building being wasted. Well, truth be told there's a lot more that you can spend energy on being sad about, but I am regretful that the sign for this establishment was obstructed by a poster for Streetdance 3D when I was here.Thinking it would be a nicer place to visit, it had the lacklustre but functional setting of most pubs from this chain, but an added air of sorrow. I can't explain it and it's a bit dramatic of me to say, but they could do so much more with this building. It is, largely, a bit of a downtrodden part of Leith and although Wetherspoons is the best of a bad bunch it's not particularly enticing. Bless them for trying, but there's something a bit seedy about this place.After Stuart's review I was quite sad I couldn't visit the urinals. Never thought I'd say that sentence but they are incredibly 80s if their website picture is to be taken at face value. I am half expecting George Michael to pop out from behind a partition and start singing "I want your sex". Guys, you should be so lucky, eh? The whole affair is a wee bit 80s, but maybe that's where the air of misery comes in - it's all a bit Thatcher tainted.
4	You know what you're getting in here even before your foot crosses the door, as you do from any Wetherpersons. Rubbery burgers, inexpensive yet highly drinkable booze, and an atmosphere that hovers inbetween dentist's waiting room and prison dining hall.As for the pisshouse however, well I must agree with my fellow reviewers that it truly is a tourist attraction in itself. Given George Michael's reputation in public bogs however, I'm not sure if I'd be too keen on bumping into him.
1	No No  No!!I drive past here three or four times a mont and every time it sends chills down my spine!! The customers they attract speaks volumes for what it is, and all the fat, old men shouting disgusting things at any female put me right off. I was sort of excited when a friend suggested we check it out though, it was like getting to see the spiders layer. I wasn't even nearly tempted to sit down or stay for more than 3 minutes. Dirty, Smokey, ripped furniture and not very nice!!
4	Here I sit on a Sunday afternoon at 13:27.Been coming here many years. It's Leith it's What you get?down to Earth folk. It's just missing the sawdust on the floor. Families with children ( running about like  drunk goats)  Goats? Ehh?lots of older regulars meet daily. I actually Don't mind the place. Lots of characters. Most staff pleasant but a couple standing there curdling milk with the stair of their faces.Just looking now a few rough diamionds, reminding me of  the Baha Men song " Who Let the dogs out" Ahem. Enough said.  Still I like the place, more characters then alphabet spaghetti. Beer cheap of course being a Wetherspoons. Will I come back? Don't be silly,of course I will. Hey ho! Away to go!
