5	What an effing awesomely awesome kick-ass system.  It's a great way to see the city and to get from place to place AND get a touch of exercise, if you want.  I did.  it was great.  Pick up bikes anywhere, drop them off anywhere.  There are Bixi stands EVERYWHERE.  At one point we were ready to drop off only to find a bixi stand with no free slots. "Not to fear" says Liam, there was ANOTHER drop off less than a block away.  What's more, because it was just initiated when I was in Montreal, tons of people stared and asked questions... Nothing better than a hot French dude asking you how you like Bixi... YAY!  One drawback is that they put a hold on your card to ensure that you don't steal the bike.  I'm not sure if they do it each day you want the bike or what, but either way I LOVED Bixi.  If only they could do something like that in ... haha Bos... haha... ton.. HAHAHAHAHA  I won't hold my breath.
3	The system is new and haves lot of downside. Number 1: the cost is a bit too much. For a tourist some might think it's a bike rental for the day but it's actually a tool for you to go to place A to B. Otherwise some extra charge for the additional hours can get expensive. Number 2: The Vandalism: if you lock your bike in and it shows that you actually locked it correctly. You should have a ticket complying that you're no longer responsable for the bike itself; some guy got charged some damage he didnt do which currently has no escalation or way to escalate it. By having a ticket, the system should be able to make a overall check-up and basically have some 24/7 camera looking at bike. Number 3: One of the major issue is mostly the fact that you need a credit card. Why a prepaid card wouldn't be an option? It"s ridiculous.Number 4: too many Bixi are used in some really particular place causing some penury of bixi to some place: some staff x-fering bixi should be working on that a lot more efficiently.Overall: pratically, environnementaly friendly and suited to the already existing bike culture in Montreal!
5	Fantastic way to see Montreal! Coming from Toronto I could not believe the ease with which I could find a bike and make multiple stops throughout downtown Montreal. The bike is meant as more of a touring, not a racing bike. I am a regular cyclist in Toronto and had no trouble adjusting to the 3 gears and heavier bike, in fact it felt quite safe. My friend easily got the hang of it and the cordoned off bike lanes helped her feel more secure. The system was effective and inexpensive. Bike stands were readily available and it was a treat to be able to park a bike and no longer have the responsibility for it. Montreal is a lovely city and the Bixi allowed us to really see all the parts  and visit far more attractions than our limited time would have allowed us. I am a shrimp and could easily ride on the lowest seat size, I can't even describe my thrill when I noticed the front carrying area was exactly the same size as a shoe box! How convenient considering the shops in Montreal... In addition I did hook up my GPS on the cycling setting and had a great time exploring. It is important for people to see the system as a short ride bike taxi - not a day rental of a bike. it would only be appropriate for kids of 4' 10" and taller and you may want to bring a helmet along.
4	What a great way to get around a biking city. You can find a BIXI station all over Montreal which makes it easy to get around. The bike has 3 gears which makes it easy to get up and down all of the hills in Montreal. As far as the weight don't even bother picking it up, cuz its heavy. Prices of the rental is $5 for the first initial rent from there the first half hour is free, second half hour is $1.50, first hour $3.00, so on and so fourth. You do not have to return the bike where you first rented from, you can return your bike at any BIXI station in the city.
4	Bike-sharing is a fabulous idea that is huge in Europe, and only slowly making its way across the pond. Washington, DC was the first North American city to start up a pilot program (see "SmartBike"), but Montreal's Bixi was the first full-sized city-wide system on the continent. By 2010 there will be a few more in other cities.For $5 a day (or $80/year) you get use of thousands of bikes stationed around the central city. They are heavy bikes, built for street riding, but you're not racing them in the Tour, so who cares. You can return a bike to any station in the system (not just the one you got it from), so it is a great way to get from Point A to Point B, especially given the $2.75 per ride transit fare in Montreal. The bikes are especially easy to use because Montreal has such fabulous bike lanes all over the city (often segregated from cars).The one drawback is that since the bikes are intended to be used for short distance trips, you are charged an extra fee if you have one out for longer than 1/2 hour. This isn't a big problem, because you can always park the bike you have at a station after 25 minutes and then rent out a new one for no additional cost, but it can be a little inconvenient.
4	You ever come out of a Montreal bar at night a little hammed and feeling like you have a brilliant idea for the next thing to do or place to go?This will happen to you.1. You will come out of a random Montreal bar.2. You will spot a BIXI station and be amazed they are everywhere.3. You will attempt to persuade all in your party to hop on and go drunk riding4. You will most likely get yourself home afterward after riding off the buzzI'm not advocating operating any sort of vehicle under the influence, but I'm just saying...it's definitely not as crazy as those that drink and drive and seriously when you come out of somewhere drunk and you spot one of these things, you think it's the best idea in the world. (I might be speaking from experience).Anyways in all seriousness, Montreal has done a great job in implementing this bike share system. The bikes are solid and comfortable for commuting in the city and they have all the basic easy riding components. A kick stand and a pseudo basket. Lights make it easy for people to see you and the chain is nicely covered to make sure you don't get your pants (or skirt) caught in it.Their prices are super reasonable and their annual fee is amazing if you live in Montreal. It really makes it a feasible transportation alternative during the warmer months if you live within the coverage area of BIXI.Note to other visitors who might not be informed, you have to check the bike in every 30 mins, or else you get charged extra it's not like a rental you might do from a bike shop.  Like others have mentioned it's a means for you to get from one point in the city to another, not so much for touring.
5	Now in its second season, I've noticed to my great delight that many of Bixi's kinks (those that I'd experienced last year, at least) have been ironed out.The usage seems much better monitored, with trucks re-populating heavily-used stations throughout the day while making room at others for returns.  I use the system on a daily basis to get all around town, and it's rare now that I approach a station that's completely out of bikes, or that's completely full.  I've also yet to encounter a vandalized bike or bike dock this season, which was a recurring nuisance last year.To get around town, it's still cheaper than a round-trip on public transit; and going between or within most popular neighbourhoods (Plateau, Downtown, Mile End, Old Montreal...) rarely takes more than the 1/2 hour "free" period.  Not to mention it's far more convenient than taking the bus: there are more bixi stands out there than bus stops to bring you closer to your destination and you don't need to wait for the next bus to arrive.  Plus, not being squished up all hot and sweaty next to other passengers is not an insignificant bonus.Word to the wise, if you own multiple credit cards, make note of which one you used when purchasing your day pass.  Bixi remembers your number so if you swipe again w/in 24 hours, you're not charged the access fee again.
4	Bixi, Montreal's Bike sharing program was an excellent way to easily travel throughout Montreal.  But watch out for the security deposit that stays on your credit card until 10 days after your first rental.Bixi allows subscribers (or tourists) to enter a credit card to "check-out" a bike -- in 30 minutes increments during a 24 hour period.  That is you could check out a bike, bike 30 minutes to the next station-- check-in your bike, wait 2 minutes then check out another bike.  You can do this it seems an unlimited number of times in a 24 hr period.  JUST DON'T EXCEED the 30 min limit.  As of 6/2010 its $5 Canadian for a 30 min rental.There is a large number of these Bixi Stations scattered around several locations (and many near Metro or Hotels) so finding one was never difficult.The bikes are heavy solid bikes with a cute little bell and a little basket in the front, the seats are adjustable and there are 3 "speeds".  There are even pedal-powered front and rear lights for nighttime biking.All in all a great program.  HOWEVER, there will place a $250 Security deposit on your  card for each rental.  This is a charge that will stay on your card for 10 DAYS!  And in our case cause our credit card to lock out our card during our recent trip.  It was not made clear at the check-out kiosk that this charge would appear on your credit card. It is only because of that fault (and hassle with the credit card company) that Bixi doesn't get a perfect score for being a such a unique and fun way to bike in Montreal.
5	How I wish we had this in New York... what a great system! Each bixi station has a detailed map of all the other stations so that you can plan your ride, but there are also apps available for smartphones that will let you know the nearest station and bike/dock availability. The bikes themselves have a little basket in the front, front and back lights, a saddle with a height number so you don't have to play with the saddle every time you get a new bike, a 3-gear shifter (nice for the hillier parts!), and a cute-sounding bell. Simply awesome.
5	Montreal's fabulous rent a bike. You can find stations everywhere throughout the city, making for a convenient way to get around.Secret:  Ride for 30 minutes and park at a station. Wait a minimum of 5 minutes and repeat cycle. Your $5 will get you a day's worth of riding ;)
4	if you're visiting and you need to get around Montreal, Bixi's the way to do it.parked all over the city, you pick up a bike where you are, drop it off where you go - you don't need to return to the same spot you picked it up from (which is why it's better than zipcar).  Montreal is a fantastic biking city, and as a total non-cyclist, even i hopped on a bike to trek around.words to the wise: do not pick up a bike and keep it out.  return to racks frequently, lest you be charged lots o' $$$ - see Derrick V's note about how to stretch your Bixi dollar.  also, they don't come with helmets, so make sure you bring your own!
5	What did I do before BIXI?! Every city should have this bike system. I use it for everything; groceries, meeting friends for drinks, general getting around. The thought of taking a taxi doesn't even enter my mind anymore. With a basket and bungee on the front of the bike, it can handle a big bag, up to 20lbs. So it's perfect for mini shopping sprees.Although tourists can use the rent a bike system, it's really geared for locals, as it's cheapest to buy a year subscription for $78. By the way it's good for a calendar year, so if you buy it in August of 2010, it's good until August of 2011. You can take a bike out for 30 minute periods. If you keep it out longer than that you're charged extra money, so make sure you stay within the half hour limit. Once you return your bike you have to wait 5 minutes before taking another one out.My first complaint is that every now and then, depending on the popularity of a specific station there are no bikes, or no empty docks, forcing you to go to the next closest station. However, with stations generally within 300 yards of each other, you won't have a long walk.My second complaint is that the bikes are really chunky and heavy, and even in 3rd gear don't go really fast. Be prepared to be passed by all the other non-bixi bikes. But it's still faster than driving or public transit!I'm not an expert bike rider, and you don't have to be one to ride. There's lots of bike only paths around the city.I'm in love with the BIXI! I'm dreading the winter when they take them away :(
4	if only every city had this kind of service, if only the bikes were lighter
5	There's nothing quite like exploring a new city by bike! This system is something I wish every city in the US had - not quite sure it would work everywhere - but it'd be nice. Easy to use (just read the directions so you don't waste time like me trying to figure out how to unlock a second bike), cheap, convenient locations and, most of all, awesome!  If NYC had BIXI, I'd use it for shopping, when family comes to visit, barhopping... Love it!!!
5	Love my Bixi. Great way to transport yourself around the city, a lot cheaper than anything else in my opinion. Very accesible throughout downtown.
5	Me: avid city cyclist. Bixi: heavy, durable bikes, very cheap, easy and convienent. And fun!!! Wheeeeeeee! Better than walking. Better than the Metro. Cheaper than taxi. Healthier than driving. Don't worry about not having a helmet, you can't go very fast. People in cars were actually really NICE - no one honked at me! :)
5	Love, love, love the Bixi!! I am a HUGE fan. Do NOT leave Montreal without riding one.  I will admit, my husband had to really convince me to get on one (hey, it was raining and I was wearing jeans and ballet flats, can you blame me?), but once I did it was the greatest experience ever!  You certainly don't have to be wearing any certain type of attire to ride one, that was my misconception.  The Bixi bikeshare WORKS in Montreal and is a great way to get around town.  We were staying in Old Montreal but were able to go to Mount Royal, Cirque du Soliel, downtown, pretty much everywhere!  We even road to the top of the Park Mount Royal on Bixis.  What I mean by "works" is that people respect people on bikes here, it reminds me of Portland Oregon.  There are people of all shapes and sizes and ages on bikes at all hours of the day.  Probably the coolest part was biking home from L'Express in my going-out wear, tube top and jeans, jetting in between cars and being one with the city.  Such a great feeling, don't miss out on a great transportation success of this city!
5	The bixi bike system is tremendous.  Me and my wife have been on four separate trips already today, and can't believe the convenience and value of the system.  The bikes themselves are good enough and rugged, with three gears and sturdy tires.  There are stations almost everywhere, so staying under the half hour limit is not much of a problem.  The best ride we had today was from Jean-Drapeau Island to the other island next to it (the one with the casino) and then back into town over the other bridge (the southern one) and through the port area.  The ride was scenic and tons of fun, but it does take about an hour so you are going to pay the little fee it costs to keep the bike an extra thirty minutes.  Great work Montreal!
5	Love it. Must try while in Montreal. If you live in Montreal, annual membership is so worth it. Very convenient, and if something goes wrong you can phone them. Very helpful. Website tracks your riding info etc. Very convenient.When you return a bike, make sure you see a green light. You might get a fine of $200 etc. Bixi isn't built for a long ride. It's made for stability and frequent stops and safety etc. (Not for racing, not for endurance. It's made for tourism, convenience, and commuting)Montreal has a nice bike network. Best online map for bikes here: http://www.pedalmontreal.ca/
1	When the machine prompts you to read thru 52 pages, PLEASE READ.. They put a $250 hold on your bike till it is returned but credit could take up to 10 days!  Very Heavy Bikes!
5	The annual pass was purchased for me as a birthday present and I must say that I love my BIXI! I ride it everywhere and it gets me home all the time seeing as the Metro stops so darn early. These bikes absolutely suck going uphill (3 gears?!? Come on!) but they are tanks: potholes, bumps and construction on Laurier ain't got nothing on a BIXI. Cars seem to steer very clear of me and I love slamming my bike into the docking station after a long day, it gets some of that pent up frustration out. I shed a tear as I saw a bunch of stations being taken apart this morning :( Winter *le sigh*
5	Bixi made our trip to Montreal an absolute blast. Since we didn't pack bike locks in our carry-ons, we were a little confused on what we would do with the bikes once we got to our destination, but we figured out quickly that there are Bixi stations EVERYWHERE. We never had a problem finding a rack to clip our bikes into so that we could walk around, grab some food, or whatever. No pre-planning or mapping out your day required. If you see somewhere you want to stop, or need a rest, you just clip the bike back into the nearest rack, do your exploring, and then when you're ready to ride again you swipe the same credit card you rented the bike with, get a new four digit code to unlock the bike, and you're on your way. You only get charged for the 24 hr. period; that is to say you don't get charged every time you swipe your card. You can clip and unclip as many times as you want. We did get the $200 (per bike) hold on our credit card, but it just stayed in "pending transactions" until it fell off a few days later. I suppose this could screw you up if you were using a debit card, as opposed to a credit card. We saw so much more of the city than we ever would have on foot alone, and had so much fun taking full advantage of the very bike-friendly city plan of Montreal. I would say we're both moderately active (I run two miles two or three times a week) and we had no trouble navigating the city and managing the physical aspect of it. Obviously, you chart your own path, so if you're not in very good shape, you could keep your rides short and on flat ground. The bikes are easy to ride and while sturdy, they aren't too heavy to pedal around the city very easily. The bikes also have a nice basket and bungee cord set up on the front, which we used for our backpack/bags throughout the day.
2	dont pay with a debit card, $250 later you'll regret getting your deposit back 9 days later, horrendous customer service over the phone to top things off.
4	I've had not one, not two, but three of my bicycles stolen! Upon discovering the last theft, sheer outrage (*fists were shaking*) mixed with the feeling of my heart sinking was enough for me to give up cycling forever! OK, for a few days. I soon discovered Monty's BIXI system and before I could say "Holy bananas, this bike weighs a ton!", I was once again pedalling around the city, albeit at a slower speed than my previous street bikes. BIXI is extremely convenient (when you don't unlock one only to discover that it's busted or has a flat tire), and the docking stations are plentiful and easily accessible around the city. In the warmer months, you won't see me on a bus or on the metro...I get my booty to work by working it, literally, along the bike paths that the city of Montreal has been so kind to construct for its city dwellers. Now, if they'd only do something about the actual roads... Before I pedal off on a tangent, I'd like to give BIXI two thumbs up for helping me get to work in a timely fashion, for allowing me to burn a few extra calories every day, for making me feel like I'm reducing my carbon footprint, and for getting me home in the wee hours when public transportation is lights out and I'm too poor to pay for a taxi. On, one, two, three, Yay BIXI!!
5	Words cannot describe how much I LOVE Bixi in Montreal.  Been an avid user for the past two years and essentially use it every day - bixing to the gym, metro, school, restaurant, bar, work, you name it.  If you live in Montreal, buy a season pass (it's only $80 for the season which usually runs from April to mid November or whenever it snows).  An absolute steal.  If you don't use Bixi, I feel for your loss. You are missing out!If your visiting, make sure you try it for a day ($7) which is valid for 24 full hours or 3 day pass ($15).  The absolute BEST way to explore Montreal and see what it has to offer.
4	Bought so many 1 day passes till I realized I almost spent enough for the whole season pass. So I went ahead and got the 30 day pass for around $30 (there was an OPUS+BIXI deal so I got it for $16 instead.)Pros: VERY practical and VERY addicting!Cons:You have to park the bixi at any station before your 30 mins (or 45 mins if you are a member) is up. Then wait 2 minutes before you can take out another one.Too many damaged bikes! Either something small like the bell not working or something big like loose chain, flat tire or loose breaks.Still worth it though!
4	Why walk when you can ride? I picked up a Bixi Bike and was pleased with the performance. It feels almost exactly like the same Boris Bike that I rented often in London. Solid ride, three gears, good brakes and wide tires to eat up the bumps of a city road.The rental system is the same as London, where you swipe your credit card in the machine (it accepts 'swipe and sign' cards and probably 'chip and pin' cards too) and you pay a basic daily rate and then more depending on how long you keep each cycle. The first half hour is free.Machines are scattered throughout the city so you are never too far from a place where you can pick one up or drop one off.Tip: Montreal is a big city. Get a helmet and save your noggin, mkay?
2	Couple of pointers to improve the bike transportation in the major metropolitan area!*Create a map that lists and marks all the Bixi spots in Montreal.  Then distribute this map within the airports so travelers dont have to walk the streets trying to look for the closest Bixi drop*When you distribute a bike unlock code, it should be valid for 24 hours.  A lot of travelers dont bring locks with them when they come into the city and we have no way to lock the bikes.  The one use only is ridiculous so if we have to put the bike back into the slot at a Bixi station, you cant get another bike without paying another $7 and have another $250 hold on your bank account.*Make sure you put in larger than 8 font,  "ONE USE ONLY".  It wasnt until my 6'2 frame had to bend over and squint that I read that I can only use the bike once and when it is returned, it's done.The only plus side is because I think traveling the city on a bike is awesome and good for your health especially after eating all that poutine.  cheers
5	This is an absolute must if you're visiting Montreal. You get to see so much more of this spectacular city! There's stations everywhere so dont worry about exceeding the 30 minute free trip. Here's a tip, don't bike if you're drunk though, especially at night.
4	BIXI is a solid piece of Montreal's amazing bike culture, allowing locals and tourists alike to traverse the city by bike.Sometimes I feel a bit apprehensive about cycling in a city I don't know very well, but after witnessing a Thursday afternoon bike commute in Montreal, it was hard not to want to jump on a BIXI.  Not only does the city have ample reserved bike lanes and designated bike routes, but the drivers don't seem to have animosity towards cyclists.  How refreshing!BIXI was pretty easy to use.  We went for 24 hours for $8.  They do take a $250 deposit per bike, so use a credit card, more on that later.  Next, the machine gives you a four digit access code which you use to pick a bike.  The code expires within a certain time frame as well as after you use it, but with another swipe of your card, you'll get a new code later on in the day.The bikes themselves are, for lack of a better term, sturdy.  I didn't even feel like I was riding a real bicycle.  They don't have baskets, but a front area where you can strap your stuff.  They also have three gears.The docking stations are EVERYWHERE, but we did encounter a few that had no bikes, or only one bike, or only one bike plus a flat tired bike.  Fortunately, we could find a station literally every few blocks or so and there's a big map at each station.  Can't fault BIXI for being popular and well used, I suppose.My big beef (and this is why I recommend a credit versus debit card) was how long the $500 deposit hung out in limboland after our 24 hours were up.  Something like a week after.  Fortunately, it wasn't a big deal in the scheme of things, but I nearly had a heart attack when I listened to my bank balance at the airport and couldn't figure out why I had about $500 less than I thought I should (luckily this is a common issue and I was able to figure out what it was by googling "BIXI deposit".)Aside from that, I thought BIXI was a great way to get around the city and join in on an enviable transit system.
5	A great, and affordable, way to see the city the way the locals do.  Montreal has to be the most bike-friendly city I've ever been to.  Plus, you can work off all that sandwich you ate at Schwartz's!You may need a local to show you around a bit the first time or two.  Remember to give the bike you want a once-over before taking it out of the rack.If you have a smartphone, I would highly recommend getting an app that shows all the BIXI stations on a map.  There are even ones that will show you how full/empty stations are.... which is extremely helpful at times.Highly recommend!
4	Bixi is a great and affordable way to see Montreal. Their big challenge is ensuring they have enough bikes in rideable condition in all of the hotspots. There were times they ran out of bikes.Regardless, it is a fantastic way to get around during a weekend in Montreal.
5	A fantastic way to get around downtown Montreal; I was surprised automobiles are very respectful of cyclists in Montreal.  If you're going to be sight-seeing for at least three days get the 72 hour $15 option; we got the 24 hour $7 option and were bummed when it ended midday (24hrs after we rented). I didn't understand the fees at first, just remember the flat fee it to access the bikes (in/out) for the defined time period. Use a single bike for more than 30min during the rental period and the hourly rate starts to snowball. Use another company if you want to rent a bike to use the whole day. The bikes are comfortable but VERY heavy and only have three gears so uphill is a challenge. Another tip, it's hard to find a place to dock first thing in the morning and bikes disappear from downtown during the after-work rush hour. Damn, I wish I knew they have an app to find the closet empty dock and the closet bike available!
4	Wonderful system.  The last part of implementation is Bixi markers on local tourism maps throughout the city as well as signage. There is an app to find availability /  docking stations and the number of openings, but if you have smart phone trouble, you have to rely on strangers.  Also, as noted in other reviews, fully understand the charges to maximize time/money.  It is not $7/ 24 hour day as we originally thought.
5	Best way to see the city! So refreshing coming from Toronto to a fully functioning bike city - very easy and accessible. I wish that bixi was as plentiful and organized throughout Toronto!
5	Kudos to Montreal for such a terrific and easy bike-sharing program. They're all over the place and a super way to traverse the city.
5	LOVED Montreal and LOVE, LOVE, LOVED Bixi.  It is not the primary reason why I visited, but it is the primary reason why I will visit again.  What a great way to enjoy an already lovely city!I am a huge fan of the concept, and I have used similar bike systems in other cities, but Montreal's Bixi is the first I have seen that has done such a thorough job of laying out their system; there are an adequate number of stations and they are logically located near bike paths so that you can find them in a timely manner to avoid overage charges.  I wish every city that installed a bike system would be so logical (u-u-uhhh-um, yes, I'm talking about you, Chicago).Furthermore, it's not just the Bixi bike system itself, it is the commitment Montreal has made to being a bikeable city that makes the whole thing work.  The city has obviously made a real investment in their bike-lane infrastructure and it has created a local bike culture that goes well beyond just the excellent Bixi system.   Kudos to you Montreal.  I hope the rest of the world is taking notes!
