3	Is huge, 12,000 Seat sport and entertainment complex.  The place feels massive.  Went to see Luther Vandross, the seats are small, the aisles tight, the incline steep on the sides and I was in the cheap seats on the side, looking at the stage, thankfully they had two large screens on the sides to see the performers.
5	Section 105 Row H Seats 7,8Amazing seats....bathrooms and bar are close to the seats, and the stage is even closer.  We saw Brad Paisley here and had a great time.
4	As people who read my reviews, and my music venue reviews in particular, should know, I'm not a big fan of arenas. I'm an intimate music venue gal. However, I love a good show and arenas are all about big productions.Did a quick weekend in the Vegas to check out Rascal Flatts here. I'm not a HUGE country music fan, but I do have a soft spot in my heart for it having spent a summer in Nashville, TN. And these kids are on the cusp of pop/country anyway. I wasn't expecting the show we saw. These guys are SERIOUS about their live performances. The 7 big rigs in the parking lot should have tipped me off. Their stage was massive and stretched out into the audience. LCD screens everywhere, pyro & they even detached part of the stage "flew" is across the venue to the back. Needless to say, I was impressed.Sadly, the lead singer (who's name I don't know) was clearly under the weather or having vocal issues as he did not sing too much and when he did it wasn't very powerful. At first I thought it was the sound & acoustics, but I came to realize that it was him.Even though we were up in the 200s, I still felt we were close to the stage, which speaks to the layout of the venue. My only quibble was the lack of security on the floor. I get that these guys like to get close to their fans, and I respect that, but having their one personal bodyguard linger nearby as they creep onto the floor freaked me out when the fans would rush up.Picking up our tickets at will call, finding our seats and all that jazz went off without a hitch. Drinks were overpriced (when are they not), but there were multiple bars everywhere so lines weren't too bad.Overall a pretty good show & a pretty impressive venue. 4 stars.
5	I went to a convention here and wow they keep this place looking nice. They clean up after everyone and keep everything spic and span. The view while walking to the center is amazing...their pool looks super nice and their restaurant/bar area is too nice to describe. This is definitely a hotel I would consider staying at someday. It was a very enjoyable experience and I am looking to my next convention there later this year.
4	I have been to a few concerts at Mandalay Bay.It's big, good sits and there wasn't any chaos to enter nor after the concerts was finished.
4	I watched UFC 74 here. The venue was very nice, easily accessible from the casino, and clean. Seats were...well standard for most event centers. They were staffed well enough and they had a decent enough amount of bathrooms, which again were clean enough. Concession prices were rip offs as usual, but not entirely too expensive. And the fact that you could bring in your own food or booze is pretty cool.~G
4	I've been here for several conferences in the past and just returned recently. The conference/convention area is very spacious (everything is extra large and spacious in VEGAS!) so you tend to walk a lot. The rooms are spacious, the audio system seems decent but the AC is turned up way too high! Well, then again, I guess they don't want everyone to be stuffy or falling asleep at sessions. :)The lunch offering were ok although several ppl did not favor it too much, I liked the dessert on the 2nd last day (key lime chocolate chip cheesecake and pineapple cake, so moist and delicious!) I thought the snacks and fruits during the breaks were pretty good. Watched Goo Goo Dolls perform as part of the convention and the ballroom was a decent size with pretty good acoustic.
5	Second visit to this event center....Dane Cook was awesome, I love this guy!  Made friends with an amaizing bartender that remembered my name, could have been my cleavage, but I'd like to say my bubbly personality won him over! (2 redbulls & a coors light $34!)  Comfy seats, easy access to concessions and restrooms...Parking-the worst!!!!!, take a freakin' cab, you'll be walking for miles, valet is ALWAYS full, don't bother!  Caught a lot of flack for bringing 2 underaged girls, excuse me?, like you didn't like hot, funny guys, when you were a teenager?...blow me
5	I JUST SPENT 36 HOURS IN VEGAS, and SAW THE SPICE GIRLS AT MANDALAY BAY!  Sunday, 12/9/2007, baby!  Let me remind you all that I saw them at Shoreline in Mountain View in August 1998... at 13 years old!Yes, this was one of the most ridiculous weekends of my life (there have been very few others this crazy) and I spent most of my time drunk, but that only added to the experience!Absolut Mandarin and some Rockstar, a shot of Jager, and we were ready.So after spending $90 on two Spice Girls t-shirts, $20 on a mug, $16 on beer, and $6 on nachos (on top of the $250 for the two tickets... let's just say my credit card is seriously hurtin'!), we were READY (note the picture in my profile pictures!).Our GIRLS??  AMAZING of course!  For being way up, section 218, we still had a great view.  I danced my ass off the whole concert!  One of the best times of my life.
3	The events center was nice, but nothing special from a trade show perspective. Perhaps I would have liked it better if I were there for a concert or boxing event.I tried to get wi-fi outside, but it was $500 per day!!! PER DAY! I want to say it was a typo or a bug in the system, but I was so turned off I didn't even try connecting. There's taking advantage of an audience, and then there's straight robbery. $500 for wi-fi is ridiculous. The Las Vegas Convention Center has free wi-fi.Also, I tried to get a cab afterward, and there were none. I was about the 10th person in line, and I had to wait 20+ minutes for a cab. I'm not sure why that area's not well served by cabs. I would have been better off walking to the front of the hotel which is about 10 minutes from the event center.Overall, I'd say go for the event, not the event center itself.
4	I saw Rush here a couple of weeks ago. Nice, big stage - good sound system - good sight lines for the audience - easy access to the venue. It's kind of a long walk from the Mandalay Bay parking garage to the front doors. Crowd was pretty well behaved, although some of the elderly ushers seemed to have trouble keeping "crashers" in their own section. Guess all the young bouncers got hired by the nightclubs.Overall a very good venue for large-scale rock concerts.
5	I've been here now a few times, but this was the first time I been for a boxing match.  The other times were for Pimp N Ho events .... which were pretty much sit/walk anywhere you want so each time I've been it's been a great time.I just went this past weekend 6/28/08 for Roselle E's birthdayhttp://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=KFR1GDLW3M9ZobkbiuOPbwand it happened to be the same weekend as the Pacquiao vs Diaz fight.  We paid $65 for seats where the tickets said $100 on them.  Not sure how we got them at this price, but we did thanks to my sister Joanna E. http://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=bkOzjyOxjs4eQldDUNwazgFirst of all Pacquiao won which made the event even better, but the main thing for me was thanks to the tight security I was able to sit in a different seat other than the one I paid for,  But after finding a way down to the $400 seats...my view improvedHere's the view from my original seat:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Uut2Y-n5eMO6qIn7tvEYKA?select=NYs9IkE2Ui1MYrsoHLbPAQHere's the new and improved view:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Uut2Y-n5eMO6qIn7tvEYKA?select=ZaFfVbx6lo29xcz79sbFjQThanks to Manny and Mandalay Bay for making the event a success!!http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DIQjrcw2SaE
4	Came here for the 4th of July UFC fight.  Thanks to some high roller friends, got floor seats.  Thats right.  FLOOR.  hahaha anyways, considering that i was here to watch a fight, the crowd was good.  Your typical arena, and they have service at the VIP seats where they bring you drinks and food.  I usually don't wander out of the gaming areas when im in vegas, but for these seats with a $800 face value, I thought I would amuse myself.  For the amount of people, I felt like it wasnt overly crowded.  I would definitely come back for a good fight.
5	Rooms are spacious and well appointed.  But the bathrooms are FANTASTIC!  Nice marble bathtubs, great amenities.  Love it.  Always want to stay here.
4	Conference Center review: for Signature travel convention.THE PLACE IS HUGE.  Just.... unlike anything I have ever seen.  Growing up in hotels, working in hotels all over... I really had never seen anything like it.  It was 10 time the largest ballroom I had ever worked with.Going on forever, it was slightly daunting... but the services were really friendly, reasonable, and prompt.I would, however, spend the time in line to pick up a box, because they are so busy I have wait.... 20 minutes before a call goes through.But really helpful staff.  Expect rentals and conference items (tripods, linens, etc) to be pretty pricey.  But you can get or rent anything.
5	Good times to be had!! I saw my first ever live UFC event here.  The venue was pretty nice....easily accessible. I hate venues that don't have enough entrances/exits....but Mandalay is well laid out. I swear, there's not a bad seat in the place. We had the up top section - and since Mandalay is not that big (compared to arenas like Honda Center and Staples) you still get a great view. I could hear the leg kicks and smell the sweat from our seats. NICE! Seating was not overly cramped, either, like you might expect from a smaller venue.  Ahhhh.....good times for sure.
4	4 stars for Pacquiao beating Marquez in their 3rd battle last March (St. Patrick's Day Weekend too) and helping us all win on our bets that we threw down.  He knocked him out in one round, but the fight was pretty damn even, but he took the decision.  Holl-er at a Filipino!  APL was all up in the ring singing BEBOT BEBOT before the fight as Pacquiao's entrance song and we were all gettin hella hyphy since they gave us 2 free Jack & Cokes at the bar outside for signing up for MGM Players Cards.  We saw Mike Tyson outside roll through with some hoeskis, some Filipino actor that some of my friends knew who he was, and Sugar Shane Mosley.I thought it was hilarious that when Pacquiao got the knock out we started jumping all over the place and fob dudes straight from the PI that my friend sold 2 of his tickets to were like giving us all high 5's and 1 of my friends came back to his seat with a bag of popcorn out of no where.  I was hoping he would've came back with some nachos, red vines, and a couple cups of beer too.  There was too much pandemonium and chaos in the building.  MEXICANS vs. FILIPINOS...I thought it was about to get ugly.I thought it was funny when 2 of my friends almost got kicked out by the security cops for smoking a cigar inside when they escorted them out of our seats and made them stand against a wall in the hallway.COP - "SO...ARE YOU GUYS SMOKING THE DOPE?"FRIENDS - "NO OFFICER, WE WERE JUST SMOKING A CIGAR."COP - "ARE YOU SURE?  ...  ALRIGHT.  JUST REMEMBER THERE'S NO SMOKING INSIDE THE EVENT CENTER."Haha...I think they had some on them too...LOL!Minus 1 star for 17 year olds that look like they're 21 and the plethora of Mexican Cowboys and all the old Titos, Titas, Lolos, & Lolas in the building.  Thought there would've been a lot more 20 something year olds in the crowd, but the old folks brought some energy with them too.They kind of charged a lot for souvenirs here too.  Kudos to all the people slanging bootleg fight night shirts around Vegas on the weekends of big fights.
5	The map on Ticketmaster does not give this place justice. I went for the NO DOUBT concert on May 16th and were seated in section 117. This venue is small in comparasion to other venues in Los Angeles I've been too.. I could see Gwen clear as day just from standing. I did not once have to look on the screen to get a better a view. It was so easy to get in and out. There are so many exits and bathrooms. This venue is very well laid out. The best part about this venue being so small was when Gwen jumped off stage ran through the floor seats and came up our section and got in the row just above us and sang "I'm just a girl" right there. It couldn't get any better then that. I will without a doubt come back to this Venue for concerts in the future.
4	This venue is really cool.Catched No Doubt this past weekend and it was a real expericence.The walkways are huge and you dont feel crowded at all.Sound is awesome,Seating is real good regardless how close or far you sit for a event.I will return to this venue,as good as it gets.
3	Saw the Pacquiao vc Hatton fight here. Pros: Had HUGE screens to watch fight, the bathrooms were somewhat decent...and its a nice sized arena. Pacquiao knocked Hatton out in less than 2 rounds. :)Cons: A beer for $7??? And Laq for $9-11??? In a little ass cup!!! Oh hell. Also, I bought will call tickets for the fight. Doors opened at 630ish. I waited in line from 4:30pm till the doors opened. =/ Will call tickets shouldnt have to be that long! The people that were buying their tickets that day went in and out of the line 15 minutes tops. GRRRRRR one last thing, the seats are SUPER tight. I had a hard time walking to the bathroom and i was uncomfortable sitting down. I've been in other arenas that give more leg room while sitting. =/Maybe I'll think otherwise if I go to a concert or something. For now, 3 stars.
5	Last weekend my brother scored some tickets for UFC 100.  Road trip!  I am never disappointed when I watch any fight here.  I always have a decent view.  Beer and water are still over priced but I didn't come for that.
5	Went to the Jonas Brothers concert here (I took my sis) We were not disappointed. We were in section 116. The view was great. We didnt have to stand up or look at the monitors to get a closer look. This Event center is pretty small compared to others I have been too. So it seems that even if your in the 200 sections..that you still get a good view because its not that high. Definitely coming to see another event here whenever we are in town....maybe Ill get the hubby some boxing match tickets...that would be sweet.Oh yeah....Yes the water and food is overpriced...but come one people....your not here to have dinner....
4	I went to the Green Day concert here on my birthday and had a great time. We cabbed to the events center which was $14 from the Treasure Island on a Friday night. The venue itself is fairly large. However there is only one entrance and one exit so it was like a herd of moving cattle trying to exit from section 212. Otherwise the venue employs a range of pyrotechnics, video, and confetti.  Easily one of the best shows I've been to this year.
3	I went to the Killers concert here last Saturday. Best people watching I've ever encountered at a concert, but I guess that has 0 to do with the venue. Lights were great, acoustics were OK for a venue of this size, but my main issue was NO VIDEO FEED. If you're sitting down it's hard to see the band up close.. particularly with a huge mosh pit of hundreds of people between you and the band. Every other large concert I've been to in my life has had video feed of the band up close displayed in video screens. The lack of this was pretty f-ing annoying. I won't be back to see a concert here unless I REALLY love the band.
4	I've been to several events here and enjoyed it each time.  I didn't expect much from the venue with the Barrett-Jackson auction, but it was really pretty great.  The floors are concrete, but they put down carpeting so it wasn't so hard on the feet and hips (for us old people), clean, bright, and a pleasure to attend.  Only complaint is that it is a bit of a walk from either valet or self-park, and I've adapted by wearing comfortable shoes.  I enjoy the variety of rooms available, from the arena to the large rooms, and it all comes together very well to create a frame for a good time.
4	I'm surprised it didn't fill up for the Pacquiao fight. Then again, this wasn't the only place that was showing it closed circuit. Seats were on a first come first served basis, but we were able to land ones in the front row of one of the sections. There were 4 huge screens in the center of the venue, along with 4 other ones at the corners. I didn't expect to actually watch the fight, but I'm glad I did. It was $50 well spent. There wasn't too much of a crowd when we left, so we were able to head back to the hotel to get ready for our night out without wasting too much time. Wouldn't mind watching the Pac Man's next fight here again. Although I might just stay away from Vegas altogether. Fight weekends are crazy. Expect lines everywhere and be prepared to pay more than usual to get into clubs. *ahem*XS*ahem* Lesson learned.
4	We saw the UFC show here a few weeks ago and had a great time! The seats were excellent and the food/drinks were surprisingly affordable! I was expecting to pay A LOT more for drinks, but they don't gouge you. Since it was a big sausage fest (UFC guys) the line to the women's bathroom was nonexistent! Woo hoo! There was even a bathroom attendant!The only drawback was trying to get OUT of the event! There's only one exit and imagine thousands of people all trying to walk out of it!
3	Easy in. Easy Out.. sort of, but I'm sure the out would have been better if I wasn't wearing painful strappy heels for the first time.  I went here for the Black Eyed Peas concert, which was amazing!  The sounds were great. The show was great. The events centre even allowed for them to do some aerobatics.. (if that's even a word).  The drinks weren't terribly expensive like in the clubs.  There isn't much leg room, but that's with more arenas I think.  The biggest thing that brought it down to 3 stars instead of 4 was the fact that the screens that the people in the nosebleed section need to look at to see the show a bit up close were too far off to the sides of the stage to really see them.  Luckily I didn't have a nosebleed seat, so I didn't NEED to see the screens, but when I did want to see some of the up close shots, it was annoying to turn that far to see it.
4	Went to see the Killers in the fall and just bought tickets to Muse in April. I'm looking forward to going back to this venue. It's a great place to enjoy a show.
4	This venue, which holds about 12,000, is super convenient, easy to get into, and you're pretty much guaranteed a good seat. We went to the John Mayer concert last night, and the sound was amazing. Getting into the venue was simple and efficient. Getting out was a little bit more of a hassle, but still minimal compared to other venues. I'd def. recommend seeing a show here!
5	Under normal circumstances, I'm not a fan of arena type venues for shows. I like to feel more connected to the band I'm there to see, which is hard to accomplish in these giant places. That said, I couldn't have been happier with this place. Thousands of 311 flocked to this place, all to see our boys with the boom. What makes 311 day different from any other show is the crowd. 311 is a more than a band, it's a lifestyle. It's why the fans will stand for 5 plus hours and never tire. I danced my night away among strangers and friends alike. Every seat in the house was a good one. The sound was amazing! The in and out was cramped, but no biggie. Beer prices weren't bad, but I still rolled sober for this one.  For the hive: "And you can do as you feel as long as you move                          Two perfect strangers sharing a groove"
5	Super cool place, I remember the name from the Rocky movies. I liked the strippers at the high stakes poker tables, the waiter girls would only give you a free drink if you tipped alot but overall it was fun and as clean as it got in vegas, nice place if you have some real money to spend
4	Having never actually been to a concert in Vegas, I didn't quite know what to expect. A few of my friends have done the concert thing in Sin City, but while some liked the experience a lot, others didn't. Not much help right?I was super excited when Muse decided to add a Vegas date on their Resistance tour and roped in Cheryl Y and Johnny R to go along with me. Since the show didn't start until 8PM we spent the hours before hand shopping, gambling, and drinking. Since we were staying at TI instead of Mandalay, we left a little after 7PM for the venue. Like any other concert scene, the traffic leading into the parking structure was a little nightmare-ish. The good thing was the abundance of police officers directing cars where to go, and making sure the no one was being an obnoxious ass and blocking others.The event center was pretty close to the parking structure, and security was very organized. It's also free just like most hotels in Vegas. It didn't take us that long to get in and start looking for our seats. From prior experiences I decided to get my concert merch before since the lines are shorter and well, you don't have to worry about what you want being sold out. The lines after the show got out was just horrific, and holding up all the people trying to get out. It was quite literally like a mob scene.If you're a drinking type at concerts then you'll love the set up. Literally cash bars, beer bars, and snack bars all over the place. While some of them are cash only, you can always go to a snack bar and order there if you have a credit card.I'm sure you're also dying to know how my concert was right? Well Silversun Pickups was good but not great. Don't get me wrong, I love them, but their sound is more suited for a smaller venue. Sure they were the opening act, but the whole set-up was better for Muse than SSPU. Still, if I ever get the chance I'm sure to see SSPU again.Now onto Muse. What can I say really. They were awesome. Matthew Bellamy sounded as great as I hoped he would. Dom's drum set actually spun around so those sitting with a partial view (behind the set) got to see him drum his heart out. The set list was fantastic. While this tour was for their latest album, they included a lot of their earlier hits (Starlight, New Born, Plug in Baby, Knights of Cydonia, and Supermassive Black Hole).Definitely had a great time with good friends :) Thanks Churro for coming with!
4	I just saw the Alicia Keys concert last week with my boyfriend at the Mandalay Bay Events Center. Entering the Arena was a bit difficult confusing because there was a huge crowd leading to the security scanners. It seems disorganized but we passed through the security gates pretty quickly. Even before Alicia Keys came on stage I noticed that the Events Center seemed smaller than the arenas I've been to in the past. This is a good thing, since my boyfriend and I decided to purchase tickets in the higher sections. Though we were higher up, the stage was still easy to see. Overall, a great experience at this location.
4	Muse made all my dreams come true here. They sure know how to please a 360-degree crowd. Kudos to them for knowing how to make everyone feel they got their money's worth. They sure know how to put on a show. Sweet that it was an all-ages show so my little brother could finally come and rock out, too. Breaks my little rocker heart that they're playing Coachella this weekend & I can't be there. Pros Seats easy to find Short restroom lines You can bring in a drink as long as you pour it into one of their plastic cups. Cons Parking is a mess Takes a long time to exit with the herd of people after the show.
5	Saw Muse last weekend, was a greater than great show.  Not a bad seat in the house, and they sounded awesome in this facility. Didn't have a bad experience, everything was pretty much what you love and hate about these type of venues.  Especially the part when we exit!   It was a long process, if you were there, you feel my pain, but it was worth it!  Would see another show here in a heartbeat, lots of great seats and un-beatable sound!
5	#147It had been almost three years since my last trip to LV. That said, the Muse concert on April 10th was more than reason enough for me to finally make a pilgrimage back! At the time, LV and Oakland were the only California shows on the tour schedule (LA, OC, SD were subsequently added for the second North American leg). But really, at least I had an excuse for a weekend trip.We showed up a bit late ... well, actually pretty late seeing as the only song we heard Silversun Pickups (opening act) play was 'Lazy Eye'. I was a little bummed about that, but buffet eating took longer than expected. As a result, finding parking was relatively easy in the outdoor lot on the Las Vegas Blvd side of the Events Center. Also, entry into the actual Events Center was quick. We did have reserved seats on the 100 level so we didn't have to fight for space like the GA folks.Granted that our group bought tickets the week of, the seats weren't the greatest but also weren't terrible. They were technically behind the stage, but the setup for the Muse concert was excellent. Silversun did have a backing to their set so we had no view of them, but the Muse setup was 360 degree friendly. The band did a great job of entertaining the folks behind the stage too. There did not seem to be a bad seat in the house. Here's a picture of when they opened with 'Resistance': http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Uut2Y-n5eMO6qIn7tvEYKA?select=mvM8b0EYb6a1IlqzijjK1QI also snapped of a shot of when a bunch of inflatable eyeballs fell from the ceiling. I think it was during 'Starlight'.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Uut2Y-n5eMO6qIn7tvEYKA?select=4wAWfjlk_LdF6c5fMlrN6AAs always, Muse put on a great show. They played a lot of fan favorites. I won't bother to post the set list because you can find it on wiki (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Resistance_Tour#Set_list), but IIRC they didn't play one of my favs, 'Bliss'.My only complaint was that a Bud Light draft was $8, but I guess it was a concert. Muse made it worth it anyhow.
1	What a horrible venue to go to if you want to see your favorite band play. If you aren't lucky enough to get floor seats, don't even bother purchasing tickets to a show at this venue. It's lame because once floor seats are sold out, you have no choice but to find seats closest to the stage. What's retarded is the fact that there is so much floor room and the capacity could clearly hold more than is sold, and yet they restrict the amount of floor tickets available. Actual seating is so far from the stage, you're better off not attending at all. Typically, for large concerts, venues normally display large screens to zoom in on the artists playing; however, Mandalay Bay Events Center does not.It's bad enough that Vegas has an almost nonexistent music scene but to add horrible venues, that just tops it off.
5	The kids saw Rhianna & Ke$sha on July 17, 2010. Very organized event. 6th row seats were AWESOME! Rhianna's stage extended into the floor seats and so the kids were 4-5 people away from her performance. Event center allowed cell phones and cameras - added perk! My niece filmed a good portion of the concert (for bragging rights) on her iphone with great quality. Security did a great job. No sneaking down the aisles from the cheap seats which was good considering how much I paid to have them in row 6. Leaving the concert there wasn't any pushing or shoving. I can't stress how organized this place was. Would definitely come back.
3	**This review is based on putting an event on NOT seeing an event**After spending 4 weeks here at Mandalay Bays LARGE event center, I've found that they are very hospitable here, they definatley reflect the "ROCK AND ROLL" mentality of getting things in and out, sucks our show was here for as long as we were then. Great group of guys, George and Richard made my stay here a lot easier.
4	Believe it or not, I came here to attend an IRS Tax Forum!  The ballrooms are pretty spread out, and it's easy to get lost, but the staff is more than willing to help you find your way around.
4	I've been to two events at the Mandalay Bay Event Center... One was a UFC match that I won tickets to, the second was the Usher concert this past Saturday night. I like the Event Center because they make it easy to get into the events. Even though you had to go through a metal detector and have your purse searched, it only took a couple minutes to get in. I really like how relaxed they were about bringing in cameras, however that may be more event specific then venue specific? Mandalay Bay definitely wants to make sure that people that want to drink can do so at the events they put on. There was no shortage of refreshment stands, and not just beer carts either... Shots of Patron and Jager were $9 a pop, beer was $7 I think? Two drink max per person. The staff was very helpful with regard to helping people find seats...  And keeping people out of seats they didn't pay for. For both of the events I attended, I had very good non-floor seats.Getting out of the events makes you feel like cattle. I don't really see how this could be improved though, 12,000 people leaving any venue at one time is going to cause some traffic jams. Speaking of, I highly recommend chilling at a bar or restaurant at Mandalay Bay after the event ends if only to avoid the clusterfuck in the parking garage. Yes, there were people directing traffic but again, when that many people try to leave one place at one time, there will be a jam. It took 30-45 minutes to get out of the garage.Overall, not a bad venue for this size. I would much rather see a show at the Pearl over at the Palms, but comparing a 3,000 seat facility to a 12,000 seat facility isn't really fair...
2	We got free tickets for the Judds concert.  I'm not a big fan of country music, but hey, it was free.  The tickets were for Floor seats, and for little ol' 4'10" me, it was a disaster.  These seats aren't tiered, and I couldn't see a thing.  And even with Floor seats, we were so far back that it was ridiculous.We moved further back to an unoccupied section, had a clear view, and it was much better.  The sound system was good, but the screens should be bigger.I thought I'd be smart and park in the back, by the Convention Center and Shark Reef, thinking we'd be much closer to the Events Center.  WRONG!!!  It seemed like a mile walk to the concert, and is much further than the regular Self-Park.  And that's where they put all the handicap parking spaces.  I saw people with walkers dragging their asses to No Man's Land to get to their cars.  They thought they were smart, too.
4	Definitely an experience to remember.  We have gone here twice now (David Foster and Friends both times) and each time you can feel the energy in the arena.  The staff are always helpful and try to process the crowd to their seats as quickly as possible.Word of advice, do not take a DSLR or you will be taking pictures from your camera phone all night.  I figured the first time I could not really zoom in and take good pictures.  Haha, says the security personel at the entrance, "professional cameras are not allowed in the arena sir."  Are you for real? "Yes I am for real" (Actually he said, "sorry sir, it is not allowed").  I am not sure if this is policy all the time, if it is just this type of  event, or if it is because they are taping for DVD release (we found out later).Well with that out of the way, next time I'll make sure to take with me a point and shoot and start practicing with taking pictures in dim areas.  Then, comes the next, "sorry you cannot bring in beverages".  Okay I get it, it is the same scrutiny as if I was at the airport.  I guess next time I will be fully prepared.  Moving on...Floor seats are not too bad though they can get quite expensive.  The experience is great.  I'd love to be able to come here again at other events whether it is sports or music.  The facility and staff have been good to us so far.
3	I came here to see Flogging Molly the day after St. Patrick's Day.  The seating in this venue is really cramped.  If you have long legs, you will be miserable.As for the setup for concerts, the floor is pretty big.  They try to discourage moshing and crowd surfing, but it doesn't really work.  Getting in and out is pretty easy and they have a wide variety of beverages for sale.  Just look around.  They are all expensive, but at least you don't have to settle for Coors Light.I'd rather see a concert at the Pearl or another nice venue in town, if I had my choice.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by this venue. Since it is more of an arena, I went in expecting the worst of it as a concert venue. However, this place is actually rather small and the sound was pretty good. I definitely have a new opinion of this venue now - and a good one. From now on, I won't be so adverse to seeing a concert here.
4	I was sort of hesitant to attend a concert on the mainland because everything is on a much bigger scale and was afraid I would not have good seats. Boy was I wrong. I am so glad I came to watch NKOTBSB this past 4th of July weekend at the Events Center! Although I was running a bit late due to traffic and stormy weather, I was able to find the Events Center okay. The signs led me to the pathway and I was surprised to be going through a metal detector! Bag checks I am used to, but metal detectors? Wow. As you enter there are people taking your  photos for mementos and there are 2 different stations where you can buy tour gear. For the amount of people in attendance, I wish they would have more stations to alleviate the long lines. The only thing that was easily attainable were the programs they were selling for $30.There are many ushers that assist you to your seats, and ours I must add, were awesome! I do not like floor seats because once everyone starts to stand, I can't see anything (well, unless I am in the very first row). We were on the risers on the 2nd row so I could see right above everyone's heads. I had an awesome time and NKOTBSB put on an awesome show!
3	Ok nothing special.
4	The Mandalay Bay Event Center was a lot larger than I expected! In fact, it is reportedly larger than the Sands Exhibition Center, and that is pretty large. Neither are as large as the Las Vegas Convention Center, where they have shows like the Consumer Electronics Show, Comdex or the National Association of Broadcasters, which bring in over 100,000 visitors.  But for the next tier down in show sizes, the Mandalay Bay can handle it. It is connected to the Mandalay Bay hotel, if you walk past restaurant row and out toward the Shark Reef it is just beyond there. Since the Mandalay Bay is also connected to the next door Luxor, which also is connected to the Excaliber, and on the south side, you have the higher end THE Hotel and 4 Seasons, there is enough accommodations nearby to handle show vendors and attendees. THe Mandalay Bay event center is on 2 floors, so it can be broken up to accommodate smaller shows concurrently. There are large escalators to the top floor as well as elevators. There is a FEDEX next to the bottom floor, which is great for show shipments in and out, although most shows are professional managed by Greyhound Exhibition Services, or whatever they call themselves now. (GES Relationship Services, maybe? I forget)It has all the amenities of most large venues. HOwever, unlike the Sands, which has its own cafeteria and box lunch vendors, the Mandalay Bay has a mall type food court near the escalators, so you can choose from half a dozen food concessions instead of that pretzel, boxed sandwich and diet coke at the cafeteria like places at the Sands. For the evenings after the show, you can always go back and book dinner at one of the half dozen finer restaurants at the Mandalay Bay, like Fleur, Red Square, Shanghai Lillys, or Aureole, etc. There is a tram that connects the Excaliber, Luxor and Mandalay Bay. This is separate from the Monorail that goes down to the LVCC through Casino row, and is free.
1	I went here recently to see a couple of world-class singers in the adult contemporary/pop genre.  Too bad the venue is run by amateurs.The singers and their bands were outstanding.  I don't fault them, which is why I'm not mentioning their names, although when I was playing drums in classic rock and country cover bands, somebody always went out to do a sound-check before we played.Okay, here we go: The seats on the floor were small, uncomfortable, and squeezed ridiculously close together.  The acoustics in the place were awful, with a concrete floor and absolutely nothing on the walls to soak up the sound.  The band was way too loud.  The mix was terrible; you could hear some instruments while other were barely audible if you could hear them at all.  The lead vocal mics were feeding back.  Finally, and probably worst of all, they pointed the flood and spotlights directly into the audience's eyes frequently and multiple times per song.  I spent most of my time watching the monitors rather than the stage, or just sitting there with my eyes closed.  I wish I could have done the same with my ears.I ended up leaving shortly after the second act took the stage.  It was the most dreadful concert experience of my life.  I will happily go see either act play again--just not at Mandalay Bay.
3	came in here watch the Cirque Du Solei-MJ, Immortal. The venue remind you almost as if you are going to watch a basketball game. Great for a concert, Cirque Du Solei show.The show itself has some good parts, some could improve better. Not to give away what is like, the show is not so much go by sequence of his life, but just theme of different songs/messages from his works.end of show, I still think to myself-God I miss him. 'Gone too Soon', yet would you want to see him still suffer in this world?
1	We had tickets to the Michael Jackson Immortal Tour on Sunday night.  We arrived in a sea of people, went downstairs to will call and then BACK upstairs to get a drink.  Then we waited in a cattle call to get through three metal detectors.  There were thousands of people attempting to do this.  What A JOKE! The planning of this event was awful.  They didn't inform folks that there was food and drink inside.  As well, when the event was over, the Las Vegas Marathon ended right at the exit we HAD TO TAKE to get out of the event center and to and through a narrow walkway in the casino.  There were 44,000 persons added to the already 20000 plus who were exiting the show.  If there had been an emergency, there would have been no way to help a soul.  They are really lucky that nobody from the marathon was so tired that they passed out.  I am very disappointed in this terrible planning.  It took us an hour to get to the front door of the casino/hotel.  And, then we had to take an overcrowded tram to another hotel.  It certainly is not designed for 50 people, but up to 50 were jam packed in.  We are lucky we didn't roll off the track.  What idiots.
3	Recently was here to the Cirque Du Soleil Michael Jackson Immortal Tour.  I couldn't believe how many people were screaming as if MJ was in the house.  The event center was okay but a bit TOO COLD.Also it's a far walk from the main hotel to the front lobby.  After the show, the setup of where cabs come for pickup (who wants to pay $65 to go 2 miles in a limo or wait for 1 hour in the cab line)?  The only PLUS was that they extended the free shuttle between hotels a bit later to accomodate the foot traffic.Not sure if I will go back to this event center to see a show but if it's Cirque with good production, I just might.
1	I called to check for locals deal and was told I had to go to some zoo something or other.com site to buy locals tickets. This site did not have the MJ Immortal tickets so I went back to Mandalay site and bought my tickets through them (which brings you to ticketmaster). I got a mailer that stated local specials and had the MJ show which had no expiration date. I went to the ticket counter the night of the show and showed them my tickets and the mailer and explained what the lady on the phone said (that the site she sent me to did not have the MJ show but here is this mailer) the sales counter person told me the locals special ended on the 23 (I'm standing there on the 26) and that because I bought my tickets from ticketmaster (where Mandalay site sends you) and didn't call to buy (which I just explained thoroughly I DID) they would not do anything for me. I'm sorry but that is just very poor customer service if you send out a mailer you should honor it and your customer service phone people should know when your locals deals are available!!!!! Poor job Mandalay!!!!
4	Great venue for a concert. Pleasantly surprised
2	UFC PPV Fights are way cheaper at MGM Garden for the same type of view.  Our seats not only were terrible but we felt very squished.  Will give the venue 1 more chance for Labor day for similar seats.  Refuse to pay double what MGM seats cost for the same center view.
5	Just got back from an amazing weekend, stayed at Mandalay bay to enjoy Rock Vegas 2012.venue was overall kinda small but the advantage was that it wasn't as packed as i thought it would be! had great seats and Rock Vegas was hands down AMAZING!staff was great, vibes where awesome! met some cool people and enjoyed Rob Zombie at full potential! so glad my friends and i drank way before, drinks were SUPER expensive! but fuck it its vegas right?
3	Super nice and clean along with plenty of drink places around. My only deal is how far of a walk it is from the hotel and casino. We stayed her for an event and would walk down in the morning and holey balagna  after the elevators and casino floor traffic it was like 25min some times. Other then that id say it was just like above in star rating A-OK
4	This was the second concert I had been to at the events center. I went to get a massage the next day, no joke. My neck was so stiff from staring to the left to see the stage/big screens.The seats are comfortable and the venue has plenty of snack bars and restrooms to accommodate the crowds, but the seats are positioned in a way that if the person next to you sits forward in the slightest way, it makes it difficult for you to see and so you in forward, causing the person next to you to not be able to see. There is ample parking for the Center, the Shark Reef and Convention Center are near. Plus there is a Starbucks right outside of the Center, so you can grab a snack before/after. They have a lot of security for the Center which is nice. No outside food or drink. You will walk through a metal detector and your purse will be searched.I will continue to attend events here, because you go where the fun is, right?
2	Came this weekend to see Carrie Underwood.  Like another Yelper said, we totally had stiff necks.  Bummer! The sound was awful.  Carrie can sing but, it all just sounded wrong.  We were sitting in metal folding chairs.  I just thought it would be much nicer here.  It seems like it was more of a carnival venue vs. luxe hotel.
2	I was here for the Michael Jackson Immortal Tour last year and the Muse concert on St. Patty's Day 2013.  Some of the ushers don't seem to know where to send paperless ticket holders like me.  Two guys gave me the right direction, however, once I got to the security area, I was asked to go somewhere else.  Wasted my time in a line I wasn't even supposed to be in.  I went back to the same security area and told him I was at the right place from the very beginning but he told me to go somewhere else and all he said to me was "oh!  You found your answer huh?"  WHAT???On getting my wristband, I got yelled at by an usherette for going under the stanchion instead of walking all the way around to get to the end of the line...as if there was anybody behind me! DUH?!The venue itself is pretty ok.  Crowd control is pretty bad though.  They yell at people unnecessarily but don't do anything when there's a group of rowdy guys.
3	I came to this Events Center for Muse. Not the best acoustics for a live concert, but small enough for an intimate concert experience. It looked like every seat can be a good seat.
4	I was there to see Muse. Much smaller venue than Staples in Los Angeles. That's were I was going to see them originally. Great view and acoustics.
5	great concert venue!
4	Just got done watching the ufc ultimate fighter finale. The venue is huge (plenty of seats).  The food choices are lacking.  Just your typical pizza, nachos, hotdogs etc...  The staff and security were very friendly and did a great job making sure people had their tickets.  The events center was clean from the bathroom to the seats in the arena. I will be back later this year.  Not sure what venue but now I know what seats to get for future fights.
4	My boyfriend surprised me with a trip to Vegas to see MUSE recently and it was AMAZING!!!! The venue was pretty small and it was really easy to find our seats. The bartender made a really great margarita. We were sitting kind of off to the side of the stage, but there were no obstructions of our view. The stage was visible from everywhere. Even when everyone was exiting, there was no traffic jam to get out. I would definitely come back and see another show here.
4	This place is big. Very. Big. We've seen multiple concerts and shows here, and it amazes me how they can constantly shape the room to what they want without losing too much space. I will say though that the one enterance and exit is a pain, since if you get seated on the opposite end of the room, you have to walk all around to get out. And some of the staff are not very nice- there's one old asian lady I have seen a few times who has always had a very sour mood.
4	One of the better venues in Vegas in term of size, seating and visibility. I feel like you have a decent view here from any seat even if you're sitting further back or higher up like I usually am. There's not much of a food/drink/beer selection, but that's the case at most Vegas arenas and event venues unfortunately...expect to pay about 5 bucks for a large soda or 9 bucks for a beer.
2	I attended the Backstreet Boys concert at Mandalay Bay Events Center. I have never been to an event/concert at this venue and was not sure what to expect. However, I did expect more than what I got.The events center itself is not laid out how you would expect when looking at ticketing assignments on the Internet. My friend and I thought we would have seats on the end of a row, but ended up being closed off in a tight space next to a concrete wall/prison-esque wire. The show was wrought with problems. When I pay money for a concert, especially at a place like Mandalay Bay I expect the show to be pretty much flawless. The Backstreet Boys brought their A game, the people running the concert did NOT. The two "large" (not really even that big) screens continually kept going off. Off and on, off and on. Sometimes there was even a blue screen saver. And other times there was some drop down menu up in the right hand corner of the screens. If I were running the technical camera aspects of this show I would be ashamed. And if I were the manager of the people running this show I would seriously reconsider their employment.For Mandalay Bay bringing in a lot of big acts, and for it supposedly being such a top-notch venue I felt as though I was gyped out of the money I paid.
4	The venue felt modern and clean, except for the chairs which had fabric that was a bit pilled.  I liked that there was literally a person stationed at the bathroom for cleaning and maintenance purposes.  (You can tell a lot about the place by the bathrooms).  All the people I interacted with were friendly.  Prices were high for the food and beverage, but I have never been to a venue where it wasn't the case.
3	Two knocks on the Events Center:1. The process for getting the GA wristband was tedious and lengthy. Wait in line for doors, inch your way to doors when open, realize that that wait is only to get patted down, go to the ticket scanners and wait, get in the venue and realize you have to line up again to show your ticket and get a wristband, walk halfway around the venue and get in line for wristband, wait for wristband and finally - FINALLY - you are able to get on the floor. 2. The GA area is low and setback in relation to the stage. I was about 3 rows of people from the barricade and really didn't feel all that close, and my neck was killing me the next day after looking up for 3+ hours. Otherwise, it is a great mid-size arena. The seats on the sides of the bowl near the stage off killer, killer views and are about stage height. It is no wonder they are the most expensive section. Unless your a mosher, go for these seats. It will be well worth the money.
2	The first issue is that there is only one entrance and exit.  That creates huge bottlenecks.  You are packed tight until you are back into the casino area.The second issue is with the fact all of the concessions were cash only. There is no reason for this, inexcusable.  Inside it is your standard small arena.  The size does mean you get good views from almost every seat.The staff was a mixed bag.  Some were friendly and helpful, others were the opposite.
4	I have been here for two events. One was for a tennis tournament and one was for a Maroon 5 concert.For the tennis event, me and the fam watched some legends put on an exhibition. Jim Courier, Michael Chang, Andre Agassi, and the man himself, John Macenroe. The tennis court itself was set up perfectly in the middle of the arena. It didn't matter where you sat in the whole place. You had a perfect view of the court at all times.As for the concert, WOW! The sound, the lighting, the overall ambiance. Everything was on point. Again, it didn't matter where you sat. The whole backdrop of the stage was a giant screen. Now, for the lone negative. THE DAMN CUPHOLDERS! Who's idea was it to put the smallest cylindrical shaped contraption on the back of the arm rails of the seats in front of you? Not only are these things unstable and oblong, they are situated way too low so you literally have to reach down like you are trying to touch your toes. Might as well put your drinks right on the floor or under your seat.So memo to the Mandalay higher ups. Do something about those cupholders! Otherwise, I just wont get a drink and if I do, I will just put it under my seat where it is more accessible than your genius design.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #10
4	First time here and it was nice. We came to see the "Lady Antebellum Take me downtown Tour".The doors open an hour early and you have to go through metal detectors and be wanded. then straight though to another line to show tickets to get in and then all the food vendors and find your seats.We stopped at the location selling shirts (30ea cash only)  cds etc, as we walked in thank goodness because after concert they were closed!!The concert was great with all 3 groups that came on and great that they use the Big Screens for those to see better depending where they sit. I do have to say for the amount that you pay for the tickets in certain areas you would thing the seats were more comfortable and while you were sitting you were not so close to the other person that you kept getting elbowed from.. Lol.. But they do only have one area to leave from after the concert and we were like cattle being pushed into a slaughter area. shuffle shuffle stop etc ..
4	I didn't like the fact I couldn't valet park for the event I saw (PBR). The arena sound and events were great. We had a great view of the show. The vendors are major rip offs. I got a vodka tonic and it was $20. Beers pretty high too. We didn't even eat the crap food cause it was so much money. The seats were so small it was awkward when a lady sat next to me. Elbow to elbow. And we are ladies... Some bigger ladies and men would have a hard time sitting in these seats. Overall though enjoyed the event and would return.
3	The most 'unnatractive arena i've been in and not the most comfy.  If my date were here, i'd be sitting in his lap or cheek to cheek, certainly. Good sound though!
3	Mandalay Events Center is one of the two major venues for large scale concerts with a capacity of about 12,000 people.  I have seen several concerts here starting in 2001 shortly after moving to Las Vegas.I prefer this events center to the MGM Grand Garden because it's a bit more manageable in size which makes parking and leaving a bit easier.  There are plenty of concession areas and bathrooms.  The center is always kept clean.I have one problem with them and it's a problem with them and TicketMaster.  I had my electronic ticket on my iPhone but the woman scanning tickets in the line I was in didn't have the ability to scan the phone.  Come on--work with your partner TicketMaster.  This is 2014.  Get with it.  The leg room is awful and the stairs going down the rows has different sizes.  As it turned out, the woman in front of me slipped and as I went to grab her from falling, we ended up sort of groping each other.  That ought to be worth a star of its own.  I think every arena is built this way.  There's a master blueprint somewhere that states this is the way it has to be and if you digress, the place will fall down.In any case, I am a fan.  I'm not here often, but I do like seeing shows here.  I like the vibe of Mandalay Bay.
3	Went to see Lionel Richie last weekend and that was our first time at the event center.  the concert itself was great, so no complaints on that end.  I did feel that the getting in process was a bit disorganized.  Doors opened and hour prior to the show starting and in order to get in you have to go through metal detectors, which I personally don't mind, people are nuts and I like feeling safe, however, it's like a mob of people, who if someone really wanted to do something stupid they totally could in that super long line/mob of people trying to get in.  Ao, i really hope that's something they are looking into.  We were seated in section 114.  Not a bad location, but the seats were so uncomfortable.  We didn't know that section had folding chairs, had we known that we would have opted to sit in a different location with more comfortable seating.  All in all not a horrible experience, just comfort and long wait times to get in.
5	I like the seating arrangement here more than at the MGM for a UFC fight.
3	We recently attended a comedy show at the Mandalay Bay Event Center. We saw Aziz Ansari and he was so funny!! First off, this place is huge.  I kind of feel like it would be better suited for something like a Rodeo or Monster Truck Rally. I could see myself enjoying a concert by a big mainstream artist while standing to watch. It was a little less intimate than I would have preferred for a comedian. That being said, the sound was great.  The seating is bleacher style and made of metal.  Needless to say it is pretty uncomfortable which definitely detracted from my experience.Finally, and perhaps the most discouraging, was what happened while we were being herded, like cattle, into the Event Center. They have a security point and then a point were tickets are scanned. This lead to two separate traffic jams of anxious folks looking to get to their seats. Now, this didn't bother me too much as it's expected. However my husband and I watched in complete disbelief as security turned away a couple with a very obviously physically disabled person accompanying them. Rather than allowing them to skip the crowded line, they were forced to the back. We were both dumbfounded by this. I really hope that this was a one off situation and isn't a regular practice because I felt it was insanely rude.I never attend a concert or show based on the venue so, if who you want to see is playing here, then by all means attend. I would just recommend standing in comfy shoes over sitting in an assigned seat.
1	Came here to watch a game between DENVER Nuggets and LA Clippers. Traffic going to the parking garage was barely moving. It's kind of expected for big sporting events but when we finally got to the parking garage there were no spots anywhere. People were just driving around with nowhere to go. We were there for almost 25 minutes before we could get out. There was no overflow parking, security were just waving people out. Overall it was very disorganized. People who could not find a spot were heading over to Luxor so we had to park at Excalibur just to get away from the traffic that was hardly moving. We ended up missing the first quarter of the game. Two weeks ago we were at MGM for the hockey game and it was nothing like this. We were very impressed at how smooth the flow of traffic was and going to the parking garage was very easy. Mandalay Bay should take lessons from MGM.
1	Went to see the LA Clippers vs Denver Nuggets. Luckily arrived very early since parking was extremely limited. By far the worst experience of the night was at the concessions. We stood in line for 40 minutes!  Missed the entire 2nd quarter. The venue was only 1/2 full, I can't imagine how bad it would be during a busy event. Management really needs to re-train their employees to focus on moving the lines faster. With only 11 items on the menu this is ridiculous!  Especially given this was the food line, I could expect possibly a long wait in the cocktails line if everyone was ordering something different.
4	I have been to a number of concerts and various other shows here over the years. The center itself is well organized and I haven't had a bad seat yet. The parking is pretty good. I usually arrive pretty early and am able to get a good spot and never have trouble leaving afterwards. I have heard from a number of friends that they often have to park at neighboring casinos when it gets packed. Just arrive reasonably early and this will be a non-issue. Unlike many other venues in town, the seat numbering isn't too confusing and I am often able to locate my seats on my own with little to no assistance. Bonus points for that convenience.
4	I had never been to the event center before so I was hoping we had okay seats. We were pleasantly surprised. We had a good view of the stage (Maroon 5) and the lighting was fantastic. I felt we could have sat anywhere and enjoyed the show. The negative, we're tall and our knees hit the seat in front (when you weren't standing) and the cup holders were awkward. But otherwise we will see another show here.
2	Venue is normal for concerti venue. This has to be the most fucked up place to get a cocktail. That is the reason for 2 stars.
4	Went to see Maroon5 here for New Year's Eve.  It was an easy walk through the casino and then the food court to get to the events center.  Even though the walking areas are packed, you never feel like cattle.The venue itself was great.  Security was very efficient in getting everyone through and the lines were never long.We had floor seats and security was really good about keeping the walkways clear from those who were blocking the views.  Concert was great! Definitely will be going back!
