4	A small downtown liquor store that is not a sh*hole (a rarity in my hood) ... but what set's this place apart is the AWESOME guy behind the counter ... I needed a ice shaker ... Kettle One had a gift box for $21 but he told me to get it and he broke it out and gave it to me NO CHARGE ... and besides that he was SUPER nice!  I will now get EVERYTHING from this place!  Nice people rawk!
4	Great selection of beer.  The proprietor confided that he would rather get rid of the pedestrian stuff like Budweiser and just sell the exotic stuff.  His brother, who clearly is the one with the business sense, insists on keeping the Bud.  The people here are very friendly.
5	Nice and knowledgeable guys running this place and a great selection.  If they don't carry what you're looking for, they'll find it and order it for you.  And, if they can't get it through their distributors, they'll tell you where you can find it.  Not very fancy, but a really great place.
4	thomas market liquors:the reason i have a blinding hangover at work this morning.while this is no Topsit's better than most of the liquor stores around the areaand a short bike ride away from my houseapparently long enough to finish a bottle of $5 champagne though..
5	A liquor where you can actually go in and talk about the liquor.  The guys know what they are selling and have a lot of cool stuff.  My uncle has been looking for Arak and Ouzo.  I know where I can find them in California but had no idea where to find it in AZ.  Stopped at every liquor store along my five mile drive and not only did these guys have know what I was talking about, they had it.  Bought both bottles and was happily on my way.  Now I have a go to spot for unique liquor in AZ.Also, it helps a lot when the place is clean and not full of guys buying $1 cans of beer and single cigarettes.  Definitely one of the best liquors stores I've been in anywhere.  Keep up the good work guys.
3	I have become somewhat of a beer snob over the past few months and picking out new beers to try has become one of our new favorite hobbies. The selection is pretty good considering location and size of the spot but it's nothing like Topps or similar places like that. They have a lot of liquor and like a said a pretty decent selection of craft beer.
5	Decent selection and great employees. I stop in 2-3 times a week to get a soda on the way to work.
3	The best part about this place is that it is conveniently located in downtown phoenix.  The store itself is a little shop that was undergoing some needed repairs. The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable and helped me find the pomagranite vodka I had been searching everywhere to find. Overall it was a pleasant experience and may go there again should the need arise.
4	Very pleasantly surprised by this neighborhood find. Friendly staff and an impressive selection of microbrews gets a lot of points from me. They're currently in the midst of a remodel so things are a bit scattered, but I picked up a sixer of Barking Squirrel and a 750ml bottle of Balvenie Doublewood ON SALE that were definite wins.A bit higher priced than the bigger stores and the selection isn't as wide, but if you're in the area and want to support a local business, Thomas Market Liquors is a winner.I'll be back.
4	I headed here to grab a gift on my way to a bachelor party. I knew a bad whiskey from a decent one but needed some help navigating a higher echelon of malts. After reading the reviews, I was surprised to see how cluttered the store was. Definitely a step up from your typical corner mart but not a place that I would have expected any sort of service, based on the clutter and selection. I explained my situation and was introduced to a range of whiskeys behind the counter. Props to the store for stocking those options at all but other than, "older is better and more expensive", our communication kind of stalled. Then again - maybe there was nothing else to say. "Yeah this goes down smooth with that titty glitter you're going to be choking on while you and your brahs enjoy ABCO tonight"?So I was pleased enough with my visit. Don't think I'd return for advice on what bottles I need to stock my bar but props for the employees being friendly, knowledgable -enough, and knowing what is in stock.
5	Being that this is the closest place to where I live I decided to give them a call and see if they had the liquor I required for my most recent concoction.  I was told they had everything I needed and I thanked them.Having never been here before I didn't know what to expect when I first arrived.  At first it did catch me a little off guard since I had become accustomed to the bigger chain stores.  I was happy to see a great selection when I walked in and was warmly greeted. I took a moment to look around to see if I could find everything I needed but wasn't having much luck so I asked the cashier for assistance.  As it turns out he had pulled everything I asked for and it was waiting for me at the register.  It's a very comfortable place, the people are genuine and the service is great because they actually want you to have a good experience.
4	I was tickled pink walking into this place. Think slightly divey 7-11 + booze + loud New York accents. Although not a superstore filled with gourmet selections, this store is located downtown and carries enough specialty items to make that perfect cocktail. (And should you be interested, they sell "AZ Slammer", a newspaper that displays the most terrible mugshots on the cover. They also have a column aptly titled, "Summer Love Connections". Just a dollar!)My friends had called ahead to see if they carried the ingredient list for a cocktail. We were greeted like old friends upon arriving. After deferring their insta-offers for assistance we finally asked for help. Turns out they had pulled the (much needed at a late hour) bottles and they were at the counter already.While meandering about it was highly entertaining to hear the guy up front. He'd holler things like, "Hey ___!" What the FBOMB are you doing?" (I can't remember the name of unfortunate soul in the back.) "HEEEEEYYYYYY! Fbomb Fbomb Fbomb you better do this ___!"The store offers very friendly priced snacks. You're not paying eight dollars here for crackers. Very convenient for a late night nibble should you be in search of one. (Cookies, ice cream, chips and so on.)Excellent customer service and proud management.
