5	the coffee was great. the flat white was full and round with a slightly choclatey smokiness. great milk texture and temperature. we'll be back to try other coffee options including double espresso, espresso macchiato and piccolo. (also some good looking teas, fresh mint & honey and yunnan green grabbed our attention)
5	If you are looking for a coffee fix with a mega kick, Freeman is the place to go.After checking it's online menu, I went there with the intention of ordering Coco of Bruntfield White Chocolate, Lavender, Lemongrass and Vanilla, but I succumbed to the overwhelming aroma of coffee the moment I walked in.  I ordered the machiato instead and my friend ordered Mocha, we loved it! The coffee is rich and very aromatic, definitely for coffee lovers!Freeman as a cafe, has character! The furniture may not be perfectly matched but the atmosphere and the couches definitely gives it a homely feeling. For the kids, they even have a blackboard and chalk to boot! YAY for freestyle chalk art!I wish I found this place earlier, would have been a good place to cramp for exams and fill up on caffeine fuel.A final note, the children books on the tables are the menus. Having been fooled by the books' cover, I actually looked around a bit for the menu but had a good laugh when I realised.
5	LOVE... LOVE... LOVE...Can't believe I did not find this one earlier - it has been open since January I was told and this is so much the sort of place I want Edinburgh to have.Freemans looks like it might have arrived in the "very-Edinburgh" area of Marchmont direct from Shoreditch or Hackney; and there is a definitely a slight hipster vibe ... but that is all good and the coffee is great  and taken seriously - and food matches up. One of the best cheese and ham baguettes I have ever had and special shout out for the home-made fennel jam. Efficient and friendly service too ...In also has a fabulous south facing out door seating area and BIG windows; stripped back decor with a nod to vintage/mid-century (loved the newspaper holders).With the door open to Edinburgh's summer sunshine it feels airry, spacious and chilled.As a large percentage of my reviews mention the magic words "almond croissant" my only non-ecstatic is that looks like these may not be on offer - will be checking this out next time!
5	Went back. Had the fritatta. Still 5 stars.It's just perfect for any time of the day, any day of the week. Relaxed, unfinished look. Great staff, super friendly. Wifi. A great range of savoury food, and sweet. And given I'm trying to eat less bread, they do all their sandwiches as salad, and the the special was the fritatta, win. But if you DO like bread, the scrambled egg and toast was cut like a beast.And I love that this side of the street gets the sun. It makes the outdoor seating very useable, and often used.It's fast becoming my go-to brunch or lunch spot in Marchmont.
5	The caramel brownie - oh man the caramel brownie!!! The coffee is also fabulous and the atmosphere so laid back and relaxed. It's so airy and bright whilst still having gloriously comfy sofas and chairs. I must come back for lunch as the sandwiches look scrummy and the woman sitting on the sofa beside me had a delicious looking bowl of soup with doorstop slices of bread.Just as well I no longer live near here or I could forsee spending lots of cash and consuming lots of calories, but I think I might have found my new favourite place in Edinburgh. And the brownies.......mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
5	I live close by to this place and I was on my way to Cafe Artista the first time I spotted the cafe after they had recently opened. Cafe Artista was rammed, so I thought why not. The decor is great, very bohemian feel to it with mismatched furniture. The atmosphere is relaxed and the staff are friendly/polite/helpful. I have ended up coming here quite a bit for a late breakfast or to read a paper with a coffee of an afternoon and it always delivers. I visited recently with my partner who is vegan and the staff made her a salad off menu to accommodate her. This consisted of salad leaves, olives, tapinade, hummous (I think) and some of there fantastic bread. I was actually eyeing her breakfast salad over my eggs thinking she had the better choice, even though the eggs, spinach and mushroom were excellent. I am a bit fussy to say the least about coffee and the brew they have here is great. Espresso and Amercanos have been really consistent in quality between visits, which after the barista yelp coffee training I was quite surprised about (This is a good thing, and so is the barista training :D ). I have never tried anything other than the eggs and coffee options, but my friends report great things about the cakes and sandwiches. Off topic from here in I guess:On another note the other patrons of this place can be really quite interesting. I have had many a conversation with people in passing, while sharing tables etc - this place seems to attract a wide range of folk. One such character was the actor Mark Beltzman, who was here during the festival to perform in a show.  We ended up chatting about all sorts of topics over an hour or so before realising he was here to perform in the festival. Reanimator the music no less. Not a fan of musicals per say, but I am a keen horror fan. This was right up my street one of my favourite good bad movies turned into song and dance. That was a great start to a Sunday afternoon. :D
5	Really very good coffee. Friendly staff let me try the soup before committing. I didn't ask - they offered. Green apple and courgette .. was excellent. Spent 2 hours working and watching the local crowd and their babies trotting about. Perfect stop - good bustle and atmosphere - I could happily live next door to a cafe like this.
5	What a great coffeeshop! My latte was delicious, as was my accompanying banana bread. The staff were very friendly and the vibe was great. I loved the variety in seating options (from tables to couches and armchairs) and the sheer amount of light in the shop makes it a great spot to enjoy a book or get some work done.Can't wait to return next time I'm in Edinburgh!http://blog.erinkestenbaum.com/2012/12/coffee-freemans-edinburgh-scotland.html
5	This is an Awesome coffee shop. From its chic rustic, vintage interior to the perfectly brewed coffees, this is a most welcome addition to the Marchmont neighbourhood.Serving a selection of food, baked goods and a masterful range of coffee (and tea and ooohhhhh the rose hot chocolate, will warm the cockles of your hear on a winter's day), Freemans is a joint that knows its stuff.There are lines out the door on Saturday and Sundays for brunch but it is well worth the wait. On weekdays its populate by cool students, mums and the odd freelancer partaking in the free wifi and coffee highs. It is very kid friendly (blackboard wall to draw on), dog friendly (water bowl and lots of attention for my wee Springer pup) and sit back in a chair and read your book friendly.I love the seating options (indoors & outside), I love the very friendly & knowledgable staff and I love. LOVE. the flat whites.
5	You get a great Flat White here - no doubt about it.  Looks like there is a nice selection of cakes, which was a shame as just had one from toast (up a couple of blocks).We came here after Toast because the coffee there was BAD. That all I have to say on that note.I like the quirky vibe in here with the benches and couches mix and it was a nice time to go in as it was to busy with trend setters or school kids hogging the tables.Bumped into Jenny L and her man after her move to her new flat.  We quickly caught up and chatted over cake and coffee and could her each other too :)
4	This is a cool cafe! I've been here a few times now, and I like the look and feel of the place. It's nice and chilled, with a mishmash of different chairs and couches. The BBC tv series Pramface has been filmed in this cafe a few times too!
5	We walked through Freemans doors with empty bellies and no direction and left feeling satisfied and with purpose. Basically we were fed, hydrated, and were able to use their free internet to plan our next moves. I ordered the spinach, eggs, and toast and a rose hot chocolate. The rose hot chocolate was definitely the star. I am a lover of floral tastes and was pleasantly surprised at how good this tasted. I though of ordering another, but thought that would be a bit gluttonous. The eggs and spinach were perfectly cooked. The slices of toast are massive. You order at the counter, but if you order food they do bring it over which is nice. The atmosphere is very comfortable with a good mix of large and small tables and couches. The staff are very friendly.
5	The set-up is awesome, super cute and rustic. Very bohemian. Long wooden tables to share and the staff is very friendly. I did not order a food, but it looked delicious. I had an iced coffee and it was really good. Nice and refreshing with a super nice coffee blend.
5	Great coffee - seriously!Reminded me of school - its all in the chairs so I'm not sure how comfortable they would be for a leisurely brunch so it might be worth grabbing a couch if they are available. Good menu and I spied some gluten free lemon cake :-)Came here for brunch and we lucked out as there was no hot brunch on that day - boo-hoo! We did however grab takeaway coffee and it was fantastic. I'm not sure what blend I had but I've been dreaming about it all week. I'll return.
5	Another great coffee, another great afternoon. Loving the relaxed vibe and seating arrangements. The decor just gives a warm homely feel. Just perfect for chilling! Had the usual flat white and bought some beans too. It was busy but managed to squeeze into a space at the end of a table! Part of the fun with this place!
4	Slap bang in the middle of Marchmont, Freemans has become something of a haunt for me over the past year and a bit of living in the area. The decor is something like that in a old primary school - wooden classroom chairs, a blackboard and numerous maps, all a bit mis-matchy.Freemans is a fairly 'serious' coffee shop. It does all sorts of special roasts and the coffees are not the massive cup sizes served in Starbucks (still, whatever takes your fancy). And the coffee is really good. For those not into caffeine, there is a range of herbal teas (I've tried a few of the more exotic ones, and it's safe to say I'll be avoiding the Matcha green tea in the future) and hot chocolates. The cakes are also pretty good - the flapjack is very tasty (and not too dry or chewy, which has ruined many a flapjack)  and the cookies are moreish. The meals are a bit on the expensive side, but the portions are generous. I've not had lunch here in a while but the breakfasts recently were tasty. The granola is recommended, and they do the best fresh OJ I've tried in a long time. Word of warning - much like Toast up the road, this place is usually full to the brim by brunchtime at the weekends, so you need to strike it lucky to get a seat.
4	Yep, it's busy. It's so busy. As I slip in through the door, a young woman sliding out from behind a tiny table near the counter gives me a nod, conspiratorial, comforting. I smile in relief and prepare my bag for being quickly dumped as soon as she vacates. The world and its dog is here.But there is a reason - many, in fact - that it's so close to impossible to get a seat sometimes - it's that Freemans is the real deal. They know coffee and so, rightly, they are known for coffee. They've also got a range of rather stunning-looking eatables, and I was delighted to get to try a white hot chocolate (which, as many of you will have picked up by now, is my holy grail) with vanilla and lemongrass. Holy moly, that was good.It's light and the bare wood manages to be chic without being too hipsterish. You'd predict cool alt/indie music but they keep things upbeat (or at least, when I've been in) with a more unexpected dancey mix. Also they are dog-friendly and have a big bowl of water inside for the canine companions, so provided you're not averse to the joyful greetings of a shaggy friend or two, this is a fine, fine place to be.A couple of minor hitches dock that final star: last time I was in, the young lady zooming to and fro past me seemed deaf to my timid "excuse me"s as I tried to ask for the wifi password. (Oh, yes, there's wifi too) - I assumed, probably correctly, that I wasn't being heard over the throngs and the pumping music, but when I toddled up to the counter and asked again while she was standing still (in the process of making a coffee), there was definitely no response. When she'd finished, I got a curt "yes?". Just a simple "hold on a sec" in the meantime would have been nice... Also, password having been obtained, I couldn't actually connect to the wifi in the end - connection timeouts everywhere. I ended up hotspotting from my phone so no real problem.But really, the main point is that I got my work done and had a lovely time while doing it. Generally speaking, Freemans is the bomb, and it appeals to all demographics: young, trendy professionals; yummy mummies; older folks hunting out a tasty lunch spot and chatter on a sunny Marchmont afternoon... Whoever you are, don't come here in the early afternoon if you want a quiet chillout with a cup of tea or a Skype call. But do come here - any time of day - if you want energy, vibrancy, a seriously cool atmosphere, and some truly kickass coffee (I'm told) or sandwiches (I guess from the look of them) or hot chocolate (I know first-hand).
