3	I gave 3 stars because Masako was very nice and friendly. She did a good job however the place needs a facelift and a big cleaning in order to give a higher rating.
1	Bought your groupon today. Tried to call the number that prints in the 'how to use' section to schedule an appointment. Operator tells me number is no longer reachable. Go to handy-dandy google, find your free wix website and this yelp page; call the number. It's no longer reachable.Groupon refunded my money.
1	Received an amazon local deal to this salon for my birthday.  Tried calling to set up an appointment and never received a call back.  Tried emailing (per the suggestion on their voicemail) and never received a response.  Finally showed up to their address and according to the Studio Salons listing they don't even have a spot there.  For those unfamiliar with Studio Salons, it's a large faculty that's subdivided into small independently owned salons that are like rooms within the large facility.  Each space can fit maybe 2-3 people at a time.  Anyway this one isn't listed there.  I plan to call Amazon to get the money back for the voucher but I see they are still advertising deals so I wanted to be sure to warn others not to purchase for this place.  From what I can tell it doesn't exist and assuming it does they don't ever return calls so it's impossible to make an appointment.  I also prefer to go to a larger salon where they have the space to cater to more than one person at a time.  The Studio Salon setup presents an awkward feel in my opinion.
2	My good friend purchased a one hour massage as a Christmas gift for me. How nice, right? I was greeted at the door and when she asked me how long, I said 1 hour. I then handed the gift card, for whatever reason I got the sense she did not like this. Not sure why. She seemed to struggle as to who would give the massage. She ended up saying Sonny would. I wasn't in the mood for a dude. I wanted a females touch as I felt stressed from my workout earlier.  I said I wanted a female and she reluctantly accommodated me. I'm not going to write allot other than it was one of the most poor foot massages I've had. I will say the full body back, chest and neck massage was par. I think they work out of the boundaries of their license but I'm not going to worry about that.Way to much talking up front during the massage didn't allow for me to relax. There are better choices out there.
