5	This place is the ultimate salon/spa experience at a reasonable price. Basic pedicure is $25 which is "expensive" to some people but they actually massage your legs & feet with hot stones!! HEAVEN!!! The salon itself is extremely clean and well kept. The massage chairs are super comfy and all the nail products they use are GREAT quality. All the nail polishes are even ESSIE brand too! Ever since coming here in September, I won't go anywhere else!! I swear by this place. Give it a try & I promise you won't be disappointed!
5	Love coming to get my nails done here they are always in a happy mood and they actually remember your name after a couple of times they know what you like and always offer more products .. they always make time for you and aren't rude to my kids always friendly
5	Been living in Las Vegas For about 6 months now I'm from LA so my nail standards are pretty high lol FIRST time getting my nails done in LV because again I'm very picky. Came across this place because of all the great reviews on yelp (: and I must say I found my new GO TO nail salon thank you TONY !!! Shape was exactly what I wanted and the nail color was the precise shade as well. Love that they have ESSIE OPI & China Glaze. And their little boy ; I FELL IN LOVE Definitely coming back for my pedicure (;
5	This is my second time going there and I can say that I have found my go to place! The customer service is awesome and the prices are so resonable. Tony does an amazing job with my nails, anything I ask or show he does perfectly! $30 for acrylics and a design? Honestly the cheapest most amazing nails that any one has done for me. Cant wait for my next fill!(:
1	I had high expectations due to reviews, but my experience was different. Guy was rushing throughout the whole pedicure process . I realized they rush when they see it's getting busy . And I'm not even picky with my nails. Wow . Will never come here again . I rather wait for good service than the type of service I received. Guy even kicked me out of chair !! He didn't even put a toe divider and my nail touched , I had someone else fix it.
4	My mom and I got GEL french manicures and pedicures.  We were just in the neighborhood and decided to try this place out.  Even as a walk-in we waited only 5 minutes.  Everyone here is super friendly and I loved the stone massage, which I never had before.  Quite a drive for me to visit this location, but I would recommend coming back !!
5	I've been coming to this place for about a year now and it's great. The wait isn't very long and the manicurists are always nice. Tony always gives me recommendations about my toe care cause my toenails always grow in ! Their son is always here and is great entertainment while you're waiting for your nails to dry.
5	Love the way the nails are done here. Not very talkative but who cares! The place is very clean the chairs are comfy and the nail technicians know what they are doing. They accept major credit cards and cash. A very calm and serene environment. Can't wait for my fill!
5	Ask for Tony. He is very patient and does exceptional work. I got gel nails and they were FANTASTIC!!!
1	Im so sad, to be doing this review. Ive visited 3 times, and have yet to leave happy. November 2014- A decent experience. I always get a gel mani/pedi. Tony was lovely, and took care of an ingrown toenail, and my nails looked lovely when I left. The downside is they chipped a week later. December 8th, 2014- HORRIBLESame mani/pedi- this time with a design. They looked lovely. I decided to ask if they might have time to wax my eyebrows. DO. NOT. WAX. HERE. Tony burned my eye browns so badly I had to see a dermatologist, and get antibiotics, and a prescription cream to apply. I couldn't wear eye make up for a week- and the skin was peeling and bleeding. December 27th 2014- I went back, hoping that things would be better, if I stated that I had previously been unhappy. I was very specific with what I asked for. I have an ingrown toe nail again (a normal problem for me) as well as wanting a pretty design for the new year. I was treated so rudely. They insisted on doing my finger and toe nails at the same time (not very comfortable for me), and didnt remove the ingrown nail. What really just pissed me off, was the owners son (who's maybe 7 or 8). He was running up and down the room, jump roping, and yelling. He got bored of that, and came up to chat. Okay, fine. He started telling me that his birthday was in July, and honest to goodness, said, "You'd better gimme some money, so I can buy Pokemon!" Okay, I get it. Kids ask for money to buy stuff. But c'mon! So then, he actually takes my purse off the hook attached to the chair, opens it, and hands me my wallet. For Real?!  I told him that it was not okay for him to be touching my things, and took my purse and wallet back, then putting them back on the hook. It was pretty bad, after that. I told the gal doing my nails that I was not okay with the noise and atmosphere, nor the service I was receiving.  She finished, I paid ($65) and the boy still tried to get me to pay him. I wont be back.
