4	I've seen the City Cafe hailed as Edinburghs original style bar which I think does the place a disservice as it has much more character than most of the style bars that sprung up around town in recent years. The place looks vaguely like a 50's style diner complete with pool tables. There's a few booths and other seating but it tends to be standing room only when the weekend evening come around. Food at the City Cafe is of good quality and served in generous portions. They doe the standard burgers, wraps, club sandwiches along witha few more interesting options. If only they had a juke box as good as Nice N Sleazy in Glasgow!
4	The City Cafe has hipster written all over it, and it's not a bad thing. It looks like a typical 50s diner from the outside, and you can imagine girls swinging in their big skirts while guys lean over the jukebox looking smouldering with a James Dean quiff. Not that any of these attributes are bad -  I love that sort of thing.There's seating outside and lounging smokers are posted there on a sunny day. If you choose to go over the threshold you can expect a functional amount of booze, some food offerings and a variety of people socialising of all ages. During the day you can nab yourself some grub (including spicy burgers which always go down well), and have some quiet drinks accompanied by house music playing unobtrusively in the background.During the evening, The City Cafe is transformed into a different animal. It's a gig venue, and popular with local bands. During the Fringe it particularly comes alive and ususally hosts a number of in-house comedy and dramatic artists for the duration of August.My friends and I envisaged the worst comedy act I've ever seen in the City Cafe, but not even that deterred from my otherwise great impression of the place. With its checkered floors and low-fi appeal, I love that it looks a bit left of the dial and is laid back enough to trawl in wearing some baggies for a few beers. One of the better bars in Edinburgh.
3	Back in my days as a slave to a certain trendy High Street Store, this is where most of the work night outs would commence.It is full of scene kids who think they are uber unique and carry around satchels filled with Shakespeare because they think they are being different. Despite that element, there is quite a relaxed atmosphere and it is an okay point for starting a night out. It gets annoyingly busy on the weekends so go during the week to avoid the crowds, then head down to Cab Vol as that is where the cool kids go afterwards.
4	City Cafe has got that kind of underground, we are not part of the mainstream atmosphere to it, having long been established on the scene as a prior to going clubbing venue for dance aficionados and other alternative genre lovers. It's pretty no frills in here, with the relative simplicity of the interior giving the bar a no nonsense, get a drink down you and don't make a fuss edge to it.The drinks here are always pretty cheap as far as I can recall, obviously a bonus when you're about to go to a club and pay club prices, and you can also play pool, also a bonus if that's your activity of choice, and also great if you're in an awkward, banterless situation, where you can substitute physical activity for chat.
5	I totally agree with everything that;s been said before me. It just reeks cool, and it's sort of a place to be seen but to push aside mainstream George Street bars.Make sure you're looking cool when you're in here, maybe come here after a hair-cut or after a few cocktails!!It's a really nice place to be in general. I love sitting here no matter the weather, it's a nice experience with a lovely atmosphere!
3	its cute... but a bit divey... the food was decent but nothing to write home about... too much food, as well.  the beer was flat, too.  the people were nice and so was the music, i suppose a must see, but don't expect much.
4	The City Cafe has had a complete refit as of Dec 2010 (we visited Feb 2011 on a quiet Sunday night). The diner aesthetic has completely taken over with the space split into booths, bar chrome shined up, a Wurlitzer juke box moved to the front and the venue downstairs becoming hire-only. There is much more focus on food and the diner feel (menus at every table, staff in bowling-style shirts) and the food looks pretty good. We'll be back to sample it for sure. The ever-so-slightly cooler-than-thou feel of the place is gone, although I have no idea what the Fri/Sat crowd is like. Free wifi and comfy seats. Win.
4	I really like what they've done with the place. The new menu is fantastic bar food  we got two platters, one veggie and one meaty (see pics) and it was all cooked to perfection and well presented.We sat next to the Wurlitzer jukebox which was free to use and had some cracking golden oldies on it. Unlike TGI's or the Filling Station the new 'theme' didn't cross the line into parody or feel contrived. The City Caff is the City Caff after all. Although, I have to say, sitting in the booth listening to 50's music with a burger defo made me bagsy Fonzie, there's no way I'm being Ritchie Cunningham.
4	Surprised I've not reviewed this place before, having been a customer over a number of years. Probably best to be writing it up now though as since its takeover (& small makeover) last year the food has thankfully returned to the level of quality I'd come to expect so if you are in the market for a good burger this is a good choice. The eggs benedict is decent too.There's now a single pool table upstairs after a few months of there being none. By the looks of things it allows for better cue positioning than the two tables that were here in the past but I've yet to play on it myself.
4	A friend told us to meet her here and i was expecting a lame, sticky-floored, uninspiring tourist hole... ...but it was actually one of the coolest places we'd been to in Edinburgh. A 50's diner! Awesome!They have a jukebox, black and white checked floors, chrome fixtures and the swellest darn uniforms you ever did see. The drinks menu isn't spectacular, but the food totally makes up for it. I had my regular cheeseburger and while it wasn't the best I've ever had (In-n-out in Barstow CA, you have that trophy) or the best even in Edinburgh (Golf tavern, this one's for you), it ticked most of the boxes in my brutal cheeseburger checklist. The patty was really juicy and delicious and there was plenty of pickle, just the bun let it down. But only a little. It was a 3.5 bun around a 4.8 burger.I highly recommend dropping into this place at least once. The theme is so cool! I'm sure it would lose it's lustre eventually, and the waitresses probably want to self-terminate, but if you've never been you should give it a whirl.
3	A peanut butter banana milkshake at 10pm on a Saturday night. Do I need to say anything else?Well, I probably should. But I mean, the fact you can get a peanut butter banana milkshake at 10pm on a Saturday night is pretty epic. Or Ferrero Roche milkshake. Or After Eight. Or whatever tickles your fancy. As Luke D has said, it's a 1950s style diner....bar...thing. It immediately makes me think of Marty McFly and that scene where he sees his parents and is like "whoah my mum is hot". You know that diner they're in? But with less incest and more milkshakes.It's open all day so there's the straight-up diner menu of burgers, fries, hot dogs, shakes. And the menu runs till 10pm. Winning.But it's also a really big, loooooong bar with a pretty impressive selection of spirits. Equal parts ice cream and schnapps. Nice. There's a pool table up the back, tv screens with movies, big booths, and a downstairs space for renting out events. I was a birthday party here in December and it's an alright space to be fair.The music was a *little* odd. Or maybe it was just surreal drinking milkshakes in a diner whilst listening to dancey dance stuff, by a proper DJ with decks and everything. Lindy hop might have been more appropriate. Or even the soundtrack to Grease.  And the crowd was a bit random. A mix of students and older folk, but mainly students. That could bug me and would probably stop me coming here all the time.I can see myself coming back here more often, and I'm curious to see if the burgers are as good as the shakes. Three stars for now as it was nice but the music was a little off. Great staff though. And that milkshake was better than any vodka red bull (not that I've ever enjoyed that drink). Was buzzing until 4am. HARD. CORE.
2	What can I say? Not. Impressed.Slow and messy service.  Food is just OK.  American dining theme is fine although I'm not a huge fan.On the plus side, they have a room with a bar downstairs which you can hire for private events, and a pool table at the back of the main bar.
3	good black currant lemonade (carbonated & sweet). the chicken strips weren't that good. fries looked good but were just average. The burger, however, was really juicy and tasty! fringe venue downstairs-sits quite a few people
4	Well hiya hot dogs! And burgers! And curries! And milkshakes. And waffles. And all-day breakfasts. And moroccan tagine. And wow, wait, there is SO much food here and it's ALL good and they serve it all till 10pm.But I'm mainly all about the hot dog. (Look at uploaded photo. That was one beast of a 'dog).The only thing missing from this American diner is rollerskates for the wait staff (although, thinking about it, that sounds terrifying. How did they ever do that without dropping and breaking everything?) It's adorably American-dinerish inside. The black and white tiles, the red plush leather booths, the duke box. And they have all that American diner food, like the hot dogs, burgers and milk shakes. But they've also got the traditional Scottish options (fish and chips) and other things (a whole range of curries, including one with duck) and if the quality of the hot dog, burgers and milk shakes is anything to go by, it's alllll good.There's a pool table. There's a downstairs hire space. There's a bar. There's food. It's open from early doors to late doors. I already mentioned it, but there's food till 10pm. Yup, milk shakes till 10pm. You know when you were 11 and watched Grease and always wanted this cool American diner place to go where all the cool kids hang out and break out into songs about cars, or hair, or something, and then you can slurp a milkshake and be one of the cool kids too? (Or was that just me?) Well I think this is kind of the closest thing we'll get in Edinburgh.
4	In a former life I used to visit this establishment from time to time, I worked around the corner and there were few more welcoming sites than the stylised facade onto Blair Street. Back in those days there were sweets for sale over the bar (true) and fish tanks near the door (I think that's true). They both seem to have gone, replaced by alcoholic milkshakes - this is the debauched age we live in people, where the innocent pleasures of old just done cut it.They also did a nice line in free postcards. Not the sort advertising another club night, or a brand name from some faceless multinational, these were postcards for the sheer hell of it. Pieces of art; items of cultural; cartoons of note and photographs of integrity.Maybe they're still there? Maybe I tried too much milkshake from my neighbour at this morning's brunch.What else has changed... well it's refreshing to be able to see through the windows at the back - there's a whole world out there, though to be honest it's better looking from the other side: between the flats of Tron Square* you can peer through into the warm and cosy glow of this establishment.*That's not the square outside the Tron pub, for that is Hunter Square at the top of Blair Street. The one with the gold double postbox to celebrate Chris Hoy's Olympic success. But you knew that.There's just the one pool table now, but it's probably still over priced and doubly popular. For all I know the downstairs bar could probably still do with a bit of a facelift, but this morning the glass doors were covered over to shield unsuspecting eyes from whatever the ladies on the other side were getting up to and making lots of noise in the process. A dance class perhaps? It's certainly part of the community.I had a very nice plate of scrambled eggs (tasty, colourful and not in the slightest bit runny), salmon (fresh and succulent) and toast (toast). Followed it up with a Malteser milkshake (non-alcoholic, tasty).It was really nice to be back in this place. The City Cafe has a different feel depending on the time of day, so try it at your leisure and see what gives. If you see them selling sweets from behind the bar you will let me know, aye?
3	brunch is quickly becoming my favourite meal of the day!  the options of eggs and toast or a burger with chips for the first food consumed of the day is a foodie's dream and it was for this meal that i headed to the city cafe with some other lovely yelpers to start my saturday!the city cafe portrays itself as an american diner, with chrome and red leather detailing and the stereotypical black and white tiled floor.  on entering i was given a warm welcome and pointed in the direction of a large table reserved for us partaking in brunch.  i have to say the seating area was my first let down of the day as it was in the middle of the restaurant which was rather dark and didn't allow too much natural light from the windows at the front or back.  not overly pleasant when dining on a rare sunny day in edinburgh.seat taken and chatting commenced, i looked over the menu and decided it was a breakfast brunch and opted for the eggs florentine along with a ferrero rocher milkshare that i shared with the lovely Lou V.  the milkshake arrived shortly with a mound of whipped cream and a ferrero rocher chocolate adoring the side.  i was very kindly given the chocolate to eat and we both took a sip of the milkshake.  it was very very good, thick but not so thick you couldn't drink it through a straw and tasted exactly like the chocolate it was named after.however, the milkshake was most definitely the high point as food started to arrive and my dish was one of the first out.  it looked very nice (i've posted a picture) and i was very much looking forward to it.  but after everyone had received their dishes and i finally dug into mine it was more on the luke warm side.  i don't know if this was from sitting for a few minutes while everyone got their food or if it had come out of the kitchen this way.  i don't know if you've ever eaten luke warm poached eggs, but it's not really the best way to eat them.  the wilted spinach lacked its promise of having been wilted in butter and the toasted muffin was just that....a dry toasted muffin.  the only thing that really saved this dish was the hollandaise sauce which was really tasty (probably full of the butter my spinach lacked!) and i wish there had been more of it.  so overall city cafe was really just A-OK, the milkshake was great, the actual meal was sort of lacking and i didn't leave feeling as excited about brunch as when i had walked in...  will i be back, maybe for a milkshake but i'll probably get my food from somewhere else.
3	Had brunch here with fellow yelpers and I'm surprised how often I've walked pass this place without noticing it.It has an American dinner look to with black and while tiles, serving shakes and burgersService speed is ok but I must say I enjoyed myself tremendously with its burger meal. The chips are huge and crispy, the vegetables on the burger was fresh and the others were also raving about the sausage rolls and shakes.Price range is affordable. There's even a pool table.Perhaps not very suitable for large groups, as the seating arrangements we had was slightly awkward to socialise in.I'm definitely going back again.
3	I like the City Cafe.  I don't love it, but I like it well enough.  It doesn't live up to the American Diner experience it appears to promise - the food isn't authentic enough and the music is terrible most of the time but it had a chilled-out atmosphere and is always good for a place to go for a coffee/drink and a catch up with friends.  I love that you get free coffee refills, and there's a good selection of drinks both alcoholic and non-, and they also do some amazing milkshakes - the banana and nutella is out-of-this-world good!  The food is a bit hit and miss, I've had some decent, if not amazing, burgers and sandwiches but I've also had some soggy vegetables served as crudites with dips.  The chips are ok, but I can't help wishing for some skinny fries with my burger rather than the thick cut chips on offer.But the music! Oh, the music.  Often too loud, and often not in-keeping with the vibe of the place, it grates on my nerves.  I don't want to hear generic pop crap when I go to a self-styled 'diner', I want something a bit different.  Good space though, and they have a room downstairs you can hire for events, gigs etc.  Staff are all nice, and service is good..
4	BEWARE: Tourist review.As much as I want to hate myself for going to an American diner themed place, I remember how much I enjoyed the veggie Scottish breakfast here when I was in town four years ago.  Returned with my brother and boyfriend while we were in town, and we wound up returning twice in two days.  (Granted, the second time was due to me leaving my gloves there the first time.  But coffee was consumed.)  The menu is huge.  The breakfast was as satisfying as I remembered.  Nutella shake was bangin.  Coffee was solid.  Wifi was free.  The horde of Scottish hipsters at the pool table was adorable.  The restrooms were really cold.  The bill was very cheap.It should be noted that after a few hours after our last meal there, my boyfriend felt a little lousy and my brother broke out in hives (very unusual for him).  They blamed the mayonaise left sitting on the tables, and since I skipped on the mayo for that meal, that could very well be the case - but the reactions could also have been to one of our beers after dinner as well.  At any rate, Americans keep mayo in the refrigerator, so City Cafe should consider staying authentic and doing the same.I'll be back next time I'm in town.
4	I could see that this place could be great at night. I was her in the am for breakfast was alright (I had been up for over 24hours, so nothing would have satisfied me but sleep really). Free wifi, outside seating and that 50s feel.
4	Great for brunch or lunch...American style diner...Huge burger challenge!
3	The City Cafe is great fun with a 50s diner theme throughout,   the space is split into booths, the bar looks straight out of Greese with the bar chrome shined up, a Wurlitzer juke box is at the front too and the venue downstairs is hire-only. I went to the Elite event here and really enjoyed it so when we were caught in a sudden down pour on the Royal Mile this weekend we dashed in for some shelter. A couple of Bloody Mary's and we felt a lot better. They did have capers in which I wasn't overly keen on, the bacon vodka option was interesting and tasty plus the spice level and flavor were good too. We ordered nachos with chilli beef which were nice but not as good as good as they could have been. I think I will stick to the burgers next time though not the Ultimate burger challenge which I fear would be the end of me.
3	I remember when City Cafe was much more utilitarian, starker, all metal, and allegedly a favourite of 'cool' types... and then it had a makeover and was transformed into an homage to American diners (without going quite the full hog into a full-on theme). I liked that you used to get a sundae glass of popcorn when you ordered, alas this detail has gone by the wayside.I've eaten here a few times, and always been happy - burgers good, fajitas good etc. I would criticise the children's menu though - I came during the Fringe last year with a friend and her two young children aged 18 months and 5. Despite doing a children's menu (and the website having an example of a colouring in sheet you are supposed to be supplied with, we weren't) they didn't have any highchairs so the toddler was climbing up and fidgeting the whole time at our booth. And the kid portioned burger is tiny - one little slider sized patty, which definitely wouldn't fill up a 5 year old...Most recently I was here last night with two friends who are up from London. Their journey up had been delayed so we didn't arrive til half 9 and were glad the kitchen was still open (the same couldn't be said for The Tron, where we'd gone first). One had nachos, which were fine - although a very small serving, and the other had the Apache burger. The chips that came with this were lovely - big, chunky, crispy and floury.So it's fine, and I'll almost definitely be back, if only because it's one of the nicer pubs in the area (they also serve Stowford Press, a plus), but the portion sizes are small and my (admittedly rare) experience of coming here with children was a real disappointment.
4	Every time I'm in Edinburgh I end up here at some point. The food's great and the staff are a pretty cool-but-nice bunch.Whilst its changed over the years, now got the whole American Diner thing going on, it's still a bar so you'll feel just at home coming for a few beers or a meal. But don't expect intimate dining, particularly at the weekend or during the festival in August.Get a couple of craft beer taps on the go and I'd never leave the City Cafe!
5	Never tire of the City Cafe. On a recent visit, I ordered the Apache Burger which came on a wooden board with a side of fat, crispy, floury fries. Not the burger challenge by any means, but still a mouthwatering repast. I washed it down with a cold Guinness, as I couldn't find any other ales (not a criticism, more an observation) The decor, the service and the overall feel of the place, always drags me back whenever I visit Auld Reekie.
3	Amidst the panic-writing of my final year report, I almost forgot that it was pancake day today. Almost. At midday I called my sister and arranged to go for a pancake date later that afternoon. A quick Google search of 'pancakes in Edinburgh' yielded numerous matches, but the most convenient meet-up place for us both was City Cafe, just off the Royal Mile in town. I had heard of this place before, mostly because of the burger challenge that it has (if you can eat the mega burger, you get it for free, but if you're defeated then you have to cough up 30 quid). Sure enough, the menu online showed there was a pancake option and so the deal was sealed. The interior is a bit faded, it's trying to be All-American diner style but just is a bit more A9 than Route 66. Our table was also a bit dirty but that's being picky. The waitress was very attentive at the start, collecting drinks orders and promising to come back 'in a few minutes' for our food order. That turned into maybe ten minutes, which is excessive considering this was a Tuesday afternoon and the place wasn't jumping. Anyways, I opted for the pancakes with Nutella while my sis went for the Belgian waffle equivalent. It might be down to a lack of reading the menu properly on our behalf, but I was a bit surprised when both desserts came out in a sea of maple syrup as well as having Nutella in wee pots at the side. It was enough sugar to induce early onset Diabetes, and I struggled to finish it (admittedly, I did finish it, so it wasn't *that* bad).It wasn't particularly cheap, 14 quid for the two dishes and a coke and OJ. It satisfied my Pancake Day craving, but I'm not sure I'll be rushing back for the burger challenge.
4	Good food. Good price and great service. Took me back to my roots with the decent bacon. Definitely recommend.
3	The good things about City Cafe: their breakfasts, their pool table, their beer pitchers (which save you a few quid), their nice atmosphere which has the American diner feel down. Their big burger challenge, though it is painful to watch let alone attempt. Their chips which come in their own little wire fry baskets.The bad things: their cocktail pitchers are very, very weak. You could drink from them all evening and only get mildly buzzed (this was my experience with their elderflower one, their long island iced tea, and their Pimms). Their food is odd. Their nachos would be OK, except that their guacamole tastes exactly like mayonnaise. I once had their veggie burger as well, and something in the way the cheese on top of the patty stuck to the upper bun made said bun go extremely soggy and frothy in an extremely unappetising way. It was liquid bun by the time I neared the end. This burger inspired me to make a yelp account.That being said, I go there a lot and will probably continue to do so. But I will stick to pints and chips.
4	I only *just* settled on 4 stars for this place. Its drinks selection is pretty limited...BUT!It's actually a really cool place to hang out, grab some food, admire the staff, HAVE A SWEET MILKSHAKE.I was here for a staff do on friday there and had forgotten how good the food is, big chunky chips, juicy burger. A pretty solid shout. Can't quite vouch for value for money as boss man bought the food, I think it's about a tenner for a burger with some chips.The vibe is very american diner, although the staff uniform isn't to type so it's not over bearing as an idea. The music is pretty varied, and largely to my taste from what I can remember. There's a pool table! Remember when bars had those?all in all I like this place. I don't find myself going to it that often but i'm quick to recommend it if drinks and food in town are on the cards.definitely worth a try :)
2	Like Natalie Imbruglia I'm torn.I've been in the City Cafe a couple of times in the past and I love the vibe of the place, the retro/Americana feel, and it's always busy. The last time I was here with a group of friends we spent several hours playing pool, whilst the rain fell outside.Thankfully there was no rain on Saturday and despite being busy, Kirsty, Clare and I managed to get a wee booth in the corner. I've had a breakfast here in the past but never anything from the evening menu, on first glance it's nothing out of the ordinary but there are some intriguing items, most notably the meatloaf, served with mash and creamed corn.It's not clear if it's table service or not, some people seemed to have people taking their orders, but as we hadn't even had a hello I wandered up to the bar and ordered, after some deliberation, the Hawaiian Burger for me, Clare ordered the Mac Cheese and Kirsty opted for the meatloaf.The food arrived pretty quickly and first impressions were mixed. The Mac Cheese looked a bit anaemic (and quite a small portion), my burger looked ok, and the meatloaf looked a bit amateurish. Whilst I wasn't expecting beautifully presented food they could at least have made a bit more of an effort I think.We were all hungry so dived in sharpish! My burger came with some chunky, fluffy chips which may, or may not, have been reheated rather than cooked fresh, the bacon on the burger was pretty flavourless, the patty thin and on the dry side with the grilled pineapple the start of the show. Disappointing and so unappealing I didn't finish my meal (which is largely unheard of!).Tellingly no-one else finished their food either. I got to try both the other dishes, the Mac Cheese wasn't up to much, and the meatloaf was an odd, dry, yet familiar flavour... had the cooked it on the same grill as my burger perhaps? The creamed corn and mash weren't anything special either.Not massively impressed. It wasn't inedible by any means and perhaps it was just a bad night in the kitchen. However, between that, the oddly removed staff who were all really busy yet despite being the only person at the bar at one point it still took about 5 minutes for any of the 4 people behind it to notice and serve me.I love the interior, I love the Americana vibe and from memory the breakfasts are pretty damn good! But I don't think I'll be rushing back for food any time soon. I'm all out of faith. I'm torn.
