5	After searching for places in Madison for some good Chinese food, Yen Ching by far was the best.  Their Mongolian Beef cannot be topped and service was fantastic.  Too bad their delivery area does not reach my house but who cares, it is worth the drive to dine in or take out for lunch or dinner!
5	YUM!: This place is great. It's not commercial chinese, it's got great flavor and a wonderful atmosphere. I've been going there for the past 13 years of my life. The sesame chicken there is the best I've ever had (and I've tried at least 20 restaurants all over WI and MN) and the rice dishes are great. My boyfriend loves to get beef dishes and they are fabulous. The food is worth the price ~$8 a dish I think. It's a cute place, go check it out!  Watch out, closed Mondays!
5	Love this place and the service is fantastic!! So friendly!! Best egg drop soup and potstickers anywhere
3	Not the best I had...As a previous reviewer said they also took at least an hour to deliver our food (though in all fairness we were a little out of their range)...Though when we got it it was still hot...Otherwise this was just run of the mill typical Chinese food.  For Madisonian it might be some of the best but for a Chicagoan I would say not...
3	I had my doubts, but it was great. The food is made fresh. Appetizers were my favorite part. Pot stickers and egg rolls - delicious!
4	We checked this place out because of positive reviews on Yelp.  This looks like a real find.   We did take out and it was all very good.   The food came out very quickly too and it was handed to me by the owner.  I knew this because of the news articles posted at the front restaurant that tells about how the restaurant came to Madison and its owners immigrated from China to America years ago etc.  It is an interesting story. We will be going back for full service sometime soon and I expect my rating to go up as I think this is a hidden gem in a very unassuming location.
5	GREAT food, good prices.  Really nice staff.  BEST Sesame chicken we have ever had. Definately NOT fast food chinese
1	My wife and I ate here after reading the high reviews and were REALLY disappointed. We visited on a rainy day and they had buckets all over the restaurant to catch water from the leaking roof, and the bathroom was even worse. I've seen cleaner dive bar bathrooms. Serious. Aside from the buckets and bathroom, the food was mediocre at BEST. The sauces tasted like they came out of a can and the egg drop soup was terrible! We won't be back.
4	This restaurant is now closed.
