5	Stopped in to this new location to purchase a yoga mat. All of the employees were super friendly and knowledgable.  You could tell that they were very passionate about their products. They had a bunch of mats i could try out.  I have owned two other yoga mats in the past- both were inexpensive under $30 a piece. they were alright...as soon as I laid my hands on "the mat" I could immediately tell the difference! well worth the money. I look forward to using my new mat, as well as visiting this store more often.
3	Oh you lulu... I was so excited about you opening up in the mall until I came in here and you really didn't match what I would have received as customer service.. (Best customer service out of all the locals in the valley is the Scottsdale Quarter) I received a email saying hey guess what!! Still pants are back.. I had to go in and also snatch up the Track to reality and a few head bands and matching hot yoga sports bras. I will make the extra 15 min drive to go and see a friendlier staff willing to help.. Wen you spend $100+ on yoga pants and you get tons of stuff when you come in you would think they would great you with a smile!
5	How did I completely miss the fact that there's now a Lululemon in Scottsdale Fashion Square. Yes, the stuff is pricey, but the selection is great and the service is unparalleled.Plus, this store now offers free poolside yoga on Wednesday's at 6:00 pm at the Valley Ho. I'm definitely going to check it out.Namaste!
5	THE STORE:Bright and open, lots of room, nicely laid out.  It feels a little bigger than the average Lulu store, and the employees are always friendly and knowledgeable.  This place tends to have a pretty decent selection of clearance items, too.THE BRAND:In my opinion, Lululemon makes the best workout clothing, bar none.  I don't say that lightly. Over the last 8 years or so, I've tried every kind of yoga clothing, from most of the other big brands, including Lucy, Prana, Athleta, Hard Tail, Patagonia, etc., to Champion sports bras and off-brand yoga pants from Target.  There is absolutely no comparison in fit, quality and comfort.  I haven't had a single piece wear out yet, and I've been using their stuff for years.  Their clothing does cost a little more than the other big brands (but not a ton more), but it works better and lasts longer.  The men's clothing is excellent - it's the only brand that my picky husband is happy with for yoga.  It's really slim pickins out there for men's yoga gear, and he has literally tried everything, from the big brands to tiny start-ups, and nothing else comes close.     I never thought I'd be the girl in the most expensive yoga clothing, and I was heavily biased against them when my husband bought me my first Lululemon top, but it was flat out better than anything else I'd tried, and looked a lot less worn after frequent, hard wear, to boot.  The tops hold everything in through a lots of upside-down activity and twisting, and they're still flattering and open (important in the heat).  The pants are amazing - flattering, comfortable, versatile, and they stay out of the way.The clothing is definitely versatile, so even though I buy it for yoga, it also works well for my other activities, like hiking and biking, and I even have a few pairs of casual pants for weekend wear (I used to buy Lucy pants, but both brands are expensive, and the quality and look of the Lulu pants is far superior, for me, anyway).The tops change too often for me to list names, but I swear by the Inspire Crop II pants.  I know it says they're for running, but it's an incredible yoga pant - silky but not slippery, fitted, stays put, looks amazing.  The Skinny Will pants and the Studio Pant are also huge favorites.   Full-length pants run long, and they'll hem anything for you for free, and provide new bra cup inserts for free, too.
5	I wanted to update this review because a number of people have asked me why I am such a fan of Lululemon. Well, yes, the clothes do tend to make women look amazing, but my reason is more personal. You see, I'm 6'3", 200 lbs, and when I first started doing yoga I had a cheap, regular sized mat which meant that during class I had to readjust my place on the mat between every position and I couldn't get into any sort of flow. So, I talked to some people who had more yoga experience and they recommended that I try the Big Mat from Lululemon. The Big Mat is wider and longer than a regular mat and it has allowed me to actually enjoy yoga and get better at my practice.The other problem I've always found is that gym clothes aren't often made for tall people.  In fact, one of my biggest pet peeves throughout the years has been the fact that most workout pants are too short. Luckily Lululemon is a Canadian company, so its men's clothing is designed for physically fit hockey players, many of whom are tall. (In fact some pants even say that they will work for hockey butt, i.e. the large glutes gained from constant skating). Lululemon pants come in 32-36" inseams. They fit and they continue to fit even after being washed. They are also ncredibly comfortable... in fact now I know why women are so fond of wearing yoga pants everywhere!Plus, I'm really impressed with the company's commitment to the community. Every store sponsors free weekly yoga classes. In the Phoenix area you can go on Wednesday nights to the Scottsdale Valley Ho, and on Sunday's to the Biltmore Fashion Park or Scottsdale Quarter. Plus all three stores recently came together to sponsor the first every Mistletoe Flow which was a fun run along the canal followed by a yoga class at the Scottsdale Valley Ho. And these classes aren't just some cheap, half-assed classes that they provide. Lululemon works with the best instructors in town and participants get a quality experience that doesn't cost a dime.Lululemon, it's not just for women anymore!
5	I love that fashion square finally has this store! Not only do I love the stores products but the employees are really nice.I had purchased 2 sports bras & a work out top online- it was past the 14 day return policy but hey that's okay -- I know I would find a bunch of things for exchange! I also purchased a pair of cotton yoga pants, I did wear them but after the first wash- they did not fit the same :/ I explained to the sales girl and she did not give me any trouble for exchanging them for something I liked! Whew! I was pretty worried, lulu is not cheap! The store is very organized, and easy to see what's new. My only complaint is : it's very hot temp wise! Trying on lots of yoga clothing is not fun when you are a little sweaty! This has happened more than once at this location.The staff are pretty informational and are super friendly!Of course I will be a repeat customer !  I can not get enough yoga pants!
5	Great store and very friendly!  They were helpful with my return and just made me a happy customer!  Thank you!
5	Great staff!!!! Knew their product and were very friendly. You don't get this kind of helpful fun atmosphere very often... I half way felt bad I was only here for a return!
5	This is a great location!  Great variety and always have a sale section :)  Working are friendly and knowlegable.
5	Wow!  The customer service here is amazing!  I had an awesome experience with the staff.  I've been a customer for many years, but this was my first time in this store. My old lulu tops no longer fit me properly.  The staff was so kind, helping me find new tops that fit well and were comfortable.  They had a bin of toys for my kiddos to play with and were very patient.  I'll be sure to visit again next time I'm in town!
