1	How does this place stay in business?  Because there are people like me who fall victim to their sales pitches.  People like me who are in pain and will try anything.   All they have you do is walk on a piece of paper and then they disappear for a minute and viola, they have the fix.  It seems too good to be true, because it IS!  For about $300, I got a pair of little plastic pieces.  They will try to sell you three for close to $1000.  After they run your credit card, they pull out a piece of red paper that has a statement saying they don't give any cash refunds - you have to sign it.  What a fool I am!  I should have left then. But it is so quick and the people who work there are such good salespeople, UGH!Learn from my $300 mistake.  Go to a doctor or physical therapist and get a prescription for anything you need.  Do not go to Good Feet!
1	Don't waste your time and money like I did. Look up mark fugit orthodics. He custom makes them for your feet at less than 200! I'll never get my money back on a product that helped minimally and made other parts numb.
4	I went to Good Feet 6 years ago in Colorado Springs,CO and purchased 2 year aches supports. They lasted about three years. I do a lot of walking on concrete and was very happy the improvement they made in shoe ware and comfort. I replaced them with life time arches and after 3 years just failed. The People in the Tempe, AZ store were very helpful and replaced the $350 arches for $13 dollars.
1	So my 61 yr old mother is in town and has been using the location in HI for many years, that location closed last year and going to the one in tempe has been on her list lol.. she paid for a lifetime warranty and has been exchanging them for years no problem, from the get go the sales person was agressive and forceful, she made it clear mom should buy new ones, there was an 85$ member fee for an exchange which only the tempe location charges. Went through a whole sales presentation and all the fake used car sales lingo etc, she was saying my mothers foot had changed and thats why the inserts didnt work anymore.. Mom ended up buying a foot massager she had been eying for years, no exchange or new orthodics thank goodness. Turns out the display model of the massager is different from the one they sell in the package, a cheaper flimsier version of what the customer thinks they're buying. After calling corporate my mother is taken care of, the representative further explained the inserts should be fine and she shouldn't need a new pair. All in all great company decent product but stay clear of the Tempe store and any others that are part of this franchise! SHADY.. The sales persons and owners should be ashamed of how they take advantage of our elderly in pain, as a fitness PROFESSIONAL I would never lie to someone for a sale or sell someone something they don't need.
