3	I have used this HT Pharmacy on occasion.  If you have grocery shopping to do, they typically can fill your RX while you are shopping and have it ready by the time you are ready to go.
2	I've had a number of frustrating shopping experiences at this location. The store layout is quite different than other stores and items are not organized in any sort of logical manner.   Granted, this store is smaller than others, but I've nevertheless left without the item I came in for. On a positive note this location sells dry ice in block form, which I've purchased a number of times and have been satisfied with.
4	Friendly employees & good store layout makes the HT at Providence Commons a  convenient and easy place to shop.  This HT typically has a good selection of things that are on my everyday shopping list including  all-natural cleaning supplies and organic fruits & veggies.
5	Recently moving practically across the street from this location, I made one quick visit through the store for an emergency mashed potatoes run.  The store appeared to be Harris Teeter's slightly smaller neighborhood type store and had everything that I shop for including aforementioned mashed taters.   Every employee that I encountered was friendly and I made note to check and see if they offered online ordering at this store.  SCORE - online shopping is available here - hooray!!!I placed my order online Friday night for an 11:30 am pickup ($4.95 for them to do all of my shopping for me so I can avoid rudeness and poor manners from shoppers?  Yes, please!).  My home shopper called around 10:00 am Saturday morning  to let me know I had a "clean shop" (they had EVERYTHING on my very long list) and I could come and pick up my order early. I pulled into the designated pickup spot and let them know I was there and then ran in to leave my plastic bags to be recycled - my first friendly HT face was an older gentleman who let me know that I could just leave the plastic bags on top of the dropbox as it was full (he was so cute, I wanted to smooch him!).  Back in the vehicle I waited only a short time before two more friendly HT employees were out with my order.  I thought the young lady's voice on the phone sounded familiar and when I went to get my groceries, she had been a fabulous home shopper with Stonecrest that had helped me before.  The pickup was quick and effortless, with VERY friendly employees helping me out.  Harris Teeter customer service has always been excellent in the many years that I have shopped several locations.  A smiling face and pleasant disposition goes a LONG way in dictating where I spend my money and when paired with the convenience of online shopping, I am loyal to the Teeter for all of my shopping.  It looks like I have found another excellent location for my grocery needs, thanks Harris Teeter!
2	Having never been to a Harris Teeter before moving to NC, I was hoping to a fine alternative to Publix. Alas, it is a clone with a more down homey name. Over priced and full of itself.The only saving grace is the cashier Mary. The few times I have shopped here I always seem to get her. Let me tell you brother it was worth it. In between incoherent mumbling conversations with herself, and the inability to scan items with any sort of competence, she is a dream. She is the sole reason that I will return to this location...well that and maybe some milk if I run out, or bread....possibly beer, but there is always Total wine for that........sigh.
4	Popped in quickly to literally grab milk and bread. Easy, pleasy. Everything was where it's supposed to be, it was well stocked, clean and easy to purchase. I would say "I wish all HT's were like this," but they are.
