5	The mere thoughts of a barbershop have me reminiscing to the days of my youth, when I had to sit on the booster seat to have my hair cut by Amazio. Amazio is either very old or dead by now, and the vision of an octogenarians with scissors is what comes to mind when I visualize me walking into a barbershop today. Not so at V's Barbershop. I tripped on V's when I was looking for someone to shine my shoes. It turns out that in addition to a fine haircut, V's will include a complimentary shoe shine included in the price of your haircut.  Mr. K, the the one issue I had with your review was you left out some of the extras included in your haircut, like the steam towel, massage, shaving cream trim and razor finish.V's has now opened another location down by the new AJ's in Chandler next to AJ's on Chandler Heights Rd, so it is now my home town barber shop. My shoes couldn't be happier!
5	Old school, classic feel. I searched high and low for the type of barbershop you see in the movies where the mobsters are getting the shave and shoeshine. I finally found it in V's. They actually do the shave with a straight blade and the hot towel and shoeshine are complimentary with your cut. I would reccomend V's to any guy looking for a good cut in an atmoshpere where you feel like a local magnate in the community.
4	This would be a nice place to hang out even if you weren't getting your hair did.  Manly wood paneling, flat screen TV showing some interesting sporting event, and some friendly young Eastern European men to make small talk with- but it's even better because these guys have some mad hair cutting skilz and their straight razor shave is super smooth.  Do the hot towel and you're a fan too.
5	in a tv land, far far awayway back when,  black and white daysthere was a town, called Mayberrycatchy theme song, i'd whistle, theeand in that town, there was a placewhere men would gather, every dayand shoot the shit,  get a shavechew the fat, rant and ravegomer, emmit, earnest tbass,  and barney, deputyfife, the sheriff, and his boyopie,  all hung out at floydsfloyd, the barber, cut and styledotis, the drunk, goober pylehoward sprague, the hillbilliesthat walked the square, of RFDthings have changed, a lot, since thenbut there's still barber shops, and wheni want a hair cut, i go to V'schat it up,  with nodari igor, rony, and the otherukraine, bela-russian, barbers,neighbors, friends, all gather therecuts are good, prices, fairmakes me think back, black and whiterabbit ears and sister fightsmore than, forty years agoand I wonder, where time goesas i sit, and watch my songenerations, one by onesitting in a, barbers chairshine my shoes, cut his hairnew born, thirteen years agoand wondering, where the time goesand wondering, where the time goes.....
5	Why would anyone ever go to supercuts, greatclips, or anything like those places when you could come to V's.  This is the barbershop your grandfather told you about.  Well, with the exception that they have small lcd tv's at each chair.  Not that you would need them though since the barbers are all great to talk to should you feel like a little convo with a haircut.
4	Don't think that there is a better establishment to get a cut, shave, and shine in one spot.  Kills a ton of time if you are getting ready for a big appointment or event.This is a great spot for a traditional cut and shave.  A true BARBERSHOP.  I truly feel like a man when I step foot in V's.  It smells of man, there are sports on the tube, and men's magazines.  I feel at home, rather than at a Salon where I feel everyone is looking at me funny and I am doing something out of place.My biggest issue with V's right now is the addition of a busy restaurant (Arcadia Tavern) has left no parking spots.  I have an issue driving around for a parking spot to go and eat dinner, let alone for a drop by hair cut.  It is making me change times for hair cuts from my usual post work (5:30 to 6 pm) to sometime in the afternoon and heading back into the office afterward.  Oh well, I can cope.
5	I was at the club the other morning, grooming myself after my workout (you know, much like lions and monkeys...picking off the tic's and lice, smoothing my fur using saliva, etc.:-) and I thought to myself, "I need a haircut:-)BTW, if I can just digress for a moment...I see things at the club that no person should ever be subjected to...this particular morning was no different...an 85 year old, Grandpa Jones look alike, standing naked at one of the sinks, one leg up on the counter and shaving "himself" in places that I had trouble believing that anyone other him would care about...you just can't "un-see" that kind of thing:(If that describes you...please, for the love of god...go into a shower stall or something...I was blinded from seeing this and I spent the next twenty minutes stumbling along, asking for someone to just put me out of my misery, before I managed to grope my way into a shower and boil myself:)Anyway...I still needed a haircut...(or, I needed to reform my band from 1970...we played a very ragged version of "House of the Rising Sun"...and that's about all we played:)These days, my choice for sartorial reconstruction is V's Barber Shop...I used to go to Great Clips, but V's  has won me back and won me back for good:)This location is everything I want in a great barber shop...a manly experience that simply cannot be duplicated at a "salon":)Nowhere near enough testosterone in any salon...even the unisex Super Clips and Great Cut's:)That's not the case at V's...it's all testosterone, all the time:)The barbers are all barbers...they may be stylists too, but first and foremost, they are barbers...they know how to cut hair for men and they know how to chat with guys like the great barbers I used to frequent in San Francisco and Portland.Lots of sports to talk about (and flat panel TV's with ESPN on at every station), plenty of magazines to read while I'm waiting for my call to action (and not a Cosmo or Vogue in sight:) and tons of wood paneling and manly smells (I mean witch hazel, talcum powder, etc....not "pull my finger" manly smells:)And, most importantly, they cut my hair correctly...all of the barbers and any of the barbers at V's do a good job...they cut my hair right...as right as my poor misshapen head will allow:)That's important to me, because (as I might have mentioned before), I'm not a "classically handsome" man...I'm a little bit "quirky looking"...and a decent haircut helps:)I'm pretty sure that a good haircut is the only thing that keeps the Beautiful Carin from second guessing herself and the (possibly drunken) decision making that led her to select me as her husband (no one ever believes that she proposed to me...I can't believe it myself...but that was a great haircut that I was sporting that day! :-)So I'm back at V's and I'm happy to swing by and get my "ears lowered" (a colloquialism that I suppose is lost in the mists of time) and talk football and golf and chicks and other guy stuff with my buddies at V's:)And if you need one, there are even post or pre-haircut cocktails available next door at the Arcadia Tavern...and believe me, sometimes quite a bit of alcohol is required to forget the horrors I've seen in the locker room at the Village:)"Involuntary Shudder"...
5	When I was in college down at U of A some fraternity brothers and I stumbled across an old fashioned barber who finished off a good cut with a straight edge razor shave and hot towel. Ever since then any other haircut doesn't compare. So I move up to Scottsdale and get turned onto V's Barbershop by my new boss. He had been going there forever so the day he took me it was like a right of passage, the good ole' boys you know the Italian Mafia....well here it is the Russian Mafia. I got recommended to Rony he runs the second chair as you walk in, that was three years ago and I haven't got a haircut from anyone since. Rony is a great barber. He remembers your cut, style, and birthday and has one of the largest client portfolios I have ever heard of. If your in a rush and dire need of a cut Rony will fit you in staying late or coming in early. The guys in there are great, the customer service is excellent and you get that old school feel. Yes it is located next to a busy restaurant with Arcadia Tavern but they do help you out with free valet. If you are looking for a good haircut go to V's on Indian School and ask for Rony.
4	This is the barbershop I've always been looking for, but didn't know still existed.  I'd been going to my wife's salon (where they say they cut men's hair too) for far too long, when one day I decided I couldn't take it any more.  I tried many other places before finding V's, but I'll never stray again.  The barbers are friendly, ESPN is always on, and the hair cut is always right.
5	I've been visiting V's on and off since they first opened in 1999. For a while I thought that I needed to pay a Scottsdale stylist big bucks to cut my hair but as I get older I've come back to the realization that a good barber is all I need.I'm not sure why I ever strayed because I've never had a bad haircut at V's. I've gotten a shave here as well, although I tend to think a straight razor shave is overrated, and I also really appreciate the fact that they offer a shoeshine service. In fact I've stopped in many times just to have a polish put on when I'm headed to an interview or an important meeting.Currently I'm working in California so I only get back to Phoenix about one weekend a month, but if I can make it work, I try and hit up V's to get my haircut.Today I took my two boys with me so we could all get our haircuts. As always the atmosphere was great and the service was excellent. It's fun to see all the other fathers with their sons and I know that when I move back to Arizona permanently this will become a regular event for my children and I.If you need a great place to get your haircut, get a shave, get your shoes shined or just to hang out with the guys, head over to V's - you won't regret it!
5	I don't give five stars to anything, but I have had a myriad of barbers who ranged from mediocre to horrible. The first time I walked into V's, I knew that I wasn't going to stop getting work done here. The atmosphere is clean, professional, and bloody quiet enough for a conversation to be held. This is the perfect place to get a haircut in peace before going on my manly duties for the day. Go see Nodari. Jesus, this guy's a freak of nature with a razor in his hand.
4	Because men deserve more then just a 'haircut'.  There's no shame in a little pampering every now and again and this is the place to get it done.  This cadre of mostly Russian hair craftsmen are efficient, to the point, and very good at what they do.  Ariel, up at Kierland, is the closest thing that a barber can get to being a maestro.  My only complaint is that their loyalty program is pretty much nonexistent.  They tout it and I have given them my email.  But in my 8+ years of going they have never sent me even the smallest promotion or discount.
5	I have a curly-haired redheaded toddler.  We call him the Ginga Ninja.  Thus far, getting him a haircut has been an exercise in incredible patience on the part of the barber/hairdresser, and V's Barbershop exceeded my expectations. V's Barbershop is light, open, and inviting.  Several staff members were visible as soon as we walked in, and we were immediately greeted and placed with a barber.   The Ginga Ninja was immediately uncomfortable, and our barber settled in, completely unfazed by Toddler Freakout.  A woman (sorry I can't remember your name!) staff member brought us a Tootsie Pop, and that simple, singular act of brilliance helped so much.  Our boy was still ridiculously upset, but between the professionalism of the barber, the ingenuity of the staff, and a whole lot of baby restraint, we got it done, and he looks awesome.I left V's Barbershop in awe of their skills, comforting environment, and attention to detail.  I will easily recommend them!
5	What a great place for the men in our lives, whether big or small. My son had his first haircut today and Diane took care of the business. Prepared to have him not wanting to cooperate, she switched the tv to Nick and made him play.  This place has the great barber chairs and has a great musky smell. They sell giftcards and so a great gift for the male in your life. At the end they gave my son a certificate for completing his first haircut.
5	I love this place, always inviting, quiet to have a conversation, great atmosphere and good people! I cannot say enough about my barber Alex, he is the man! I have been coming to see him for several months now and will not go anyplace else! He does an immaculate job with his haircut and is a freak of nature with a razor!!!  You can tell he knows what he is doing from how quick and precise he is. He is a great guy to talk you and has alot of great stories from the country from which he immigrated. The price is awesome, only $21, and that includes a perfect cut, styling, razor shave of the neck, sideburns, ears etc, and a cold/ hot  face towel wrap and a great back massage! If you are a guy who has gone through a myriad of barbers, never finding that one, or did, but was just mediocre then you can stop looking with Alex. If your a guy who is extremely particular about your hair, you will not be disappointed! **Parking is less than to be desired since it is located right next to Arcadia Tavern, so you might need to valet (complimentary) or park across the street. Saturdays are really busy so if you choose to walk in prepare to wait a few, otherwise I would always call to make an appt first.
5	A joy from start to finish!  I have a pretty intense Jew-fro, and barbers sometimes make me feel guilty for making their lives difficult. Nodari cut my hair, and he was super nice and gave me a fantastic cut.  Plus, the hot towel and the little back massage device at the end were lovely touches.  And at $21, you can't beat the price.  I would never go anywhere else in Phoenix.
5	Reasonable prices for great service (I'm usually out the door for $26 total).  These guys won't let you sit around too long.  If you want to talk, they'll talk - sports, women, whatever.  If you don't want to converse, then you can watch one of the TVs they have at each chair.Each regular cut ends with a straight edge shave and hot or cold towel, as well as a quick machine massage.  Good guys here, well worth a few extra bucks over going to Cost Cutters etc.
1	Too expensive for a haircut.  Shoe shine?  I am wearing flip flops.  Everyone wanted tips.
5	Love this place. Great haircut and shoe shine. Would recommend.
2	So I've been going to this place for a couple of years now.  But lately, every time I pull in I'm met with a full parking lot thanks to the tavern next door.  I'm not going to play the valet parking game when all I want to do is see my barber.  I just want to get my hair cut and be on my way, you know?Update: I value the service enough that I arranged to be dropped and picked up today.  Good haircut.  However, I would prefer that my barber not try to involve me in gay-bashing.  Talk of how gays must "f*** in private in Russia" but how they just do in the open here in America and how they are a bad role model for children is not appropriate conversation.  Believe what you want, just don't ask me to agree with you when I just want a damn haircut. Seriously, wtf?
5	So I heard you could get yours shoes shined here...So I went to check it out.I had a pair of Born boots on and brought my Doc Marten MaryJanes .I've had the boots for a few years and wear them just about daily.The MaryJanes get their fair share of play as well and all the scuffs evidence that they are worn.Normally,I wouldn't venture into a "barber shop",the general vibe being overtly mancave,and not wanting to invade a space as such.Well,I got there shortly after they opened for the day,all the barber chairs filled and buzzing.Even so,I was greeted promptly,warmly and genuinely by several staff members.Tim,the staffer that handles the shoe shines greeted me and made me most comfortable as he worked on my boots while chatting happliy all the way.It's more than obvious,he loves what he does and enjoys his working enviroment.For a place I expected to feel out of my element in,everyone made sure to make me feel most welcome.As far as my boots and shoes,they look incredible!Got compliments on my boots the rest of the day!Thank you Tim!Thank you V's!!!!
4	I got a gift certificate as a birthday present (and it was cool they offer gift certificates) for a haircut and a shave. Josh was very pleasant and skilled. Though I arrived a little late they didnt give away my appointment. Overall it was a fun experience. They also have a man to get your shoes shined which is very convenient. Unfortunately one cannot get the shoes shined while they get a haircut.  My haircut wasnt even really a proper haircut as I am totally bald, so it was more of a sheep shear. But Josh did make me feel like he put effort into it. Downside - So you are on the border of Expensive Phoenix and Overly Expensive Scottsdale. $50 for a haircut and a shave. If you want to spend that then this is a great place for you to go. It is very nice inside and the guys are pro's. I usually spend $30 for the same service at 12th St & Northern (12th St. Barbers)  near my house. It is purely a geography thing.Worse - Parking is a nightmare. They share this extremely small parking lot with a very popular tavern. Parking is across the street at Safeway if it is crowded.
3	Got a good haircut. Could use some work on communication with the customers.
5	Not Sure how I keep forgetting to write about this place. V's is a must go for any guy wanting a good haircut at reasonable price, but here is the greatest thing, It is great for my boys as well. I must admit this place can be busy so we now make appointments before we arrive. Every one I talk to has their favorite barbers but I can tell you me and the boys see Lazzario "Laz" or Josh and have never been disappointed.They have TV's at every station and will turn on anything you want to watch, this is particularly great for the boys who will watch nickelodeon.They do straight Razor shaves and shoe shines as well and always have my American Crew Hair Product in.Keep up the good work!
5	V's barbershop is awesome. The shop is very clean and the staff greeted me right away. I made an appointment over the phone and they sat me down right away even though i was a little early. Its got a nice old school vibe and they had south park on the tv which was a nice touch. I received the best haircut I've had in ages. I saw a barber named Josh who had been recommended for his skills. Josh worked very fast which made me a little nervous at first because I've had a lot of disappointing haircuts at other places across the country but I can easily say I will be a regular here and I highly recommend V's and Josh for his excellent work.
5	Look good, feel good. Right? Right. V's Barbershop did not disappoint in the least bit. According to my mental tally of top five haircuts, this one ranks second in my long career of barbershoppering. Well done, you've received a new loyal customer.Kuddos to Josh for his fine attention to detail with the fades!A tip to everyone out there. Please wash your hair before going to the barber out of respect for the staff. No one wants to finger through greasy, vermin ridden hair.
5	These guys are really really good!!!Coming from San Francisco , I tried and seen most barbershops but these guys are very impressive. The hot towel shave is a must! Alex really took care of me, he was very patient and took his time. I highly recommend him. They use great product ( art of shaving) and everything is clean and organized. They are a little pricy but we are talking about your face here!
5	Super affordable and amazing service. I've been numerous times and have gotten a great haircut from four different barbers in this shop. Coming from living in Washington, DC for the last five years I worried about finding a professional barbershop in Phoenix. V's has soared over and above all my expectations. I would recommend this place to anyone. If you're looking for a quality professional barber go here.
5	Still great. Easy in and out. Always there to give you great service. Keep up the great work in. Arcadia
5	Gentlemen, if you want to feel like a king for 45 minutes to an hour come to V's where you will undoubtedly be treated like one. Get a hair cut and the guys here will take their time to make sure that every hair is trimmed properly, every line is perfect, and that you are looking your best when you walk out. Plus a flat razor edging that is perfect.If you want that king treatment I was talking about, after you get the haircut, get the full on flat razor beard shave and sit back and relax. First they trim up your beard to your liking so if you want to go from a full beard to just a goatee, mustache, or strap, they'll get it right. Then comes the warm lather and hot towel wrap. I swear I have fallen asleep at this part. So relaxing. Then comes the shaving itself. They take their time here. They get it right. They go over and over and make sure you have a smooth shave. Then another round of the hot towels and finished up with some after shave and you are out the door to go conquer your next battle.
5	I've NEVER gotten a bad haircut at any V's Barbershop
5	Finally found a top notch old school type feel barbershop with V's. Great atmosphere, lots of tvs and reading material to keep you occupied while you wait. Alex, would highly recommend him, executed exactly what I was described I wanted in my haircut, and it turned out great. Love the hot towel shave as well. Very reasonably priced too for the fantastic service you're getting. Won't go anywhere else now!
3	They close at 6 and that's that.  Don't ask for any favors.  As a loyal long time customer I got turned away right at 6.  Always great service and a great cut but after this I'm seriously considering taking my business else where.
5	I had a great experience at this shop for my very first straight blade shave.  I think her name was Abrila( spelling?). She was great and made me feel at ease. I would highly recommend doing this if you have never done it.  Great way to treat your hard working face! Thanks,  Dave Lastinger
1	I love getting a shave. Its a personal treat for myself that I try to get once every other month.  I've gone to this V's down the street from me about 4 times for a cut and shave and only twice have walked away happy and those were my first two visits and it just kept getting worse. Trying to get an appointment on Friday or the weekend is a wasted effort but then again so is trying to make one for any other time. I thought I knew the the drill with this place by now. Close at 6pm no shave appointments past 5pm all of which I can understand for a good cut and shave. So today with my girlfriends birthday weekend around the corner I call in and make my appointment at 5pm for a cut and shave knowing full well I had a less than great experience on my last visit. But a boy has a right to dream I guess. I leave work early to be there at 5 mins early only to be told to sit and wait a half hour which sucks but its not the first time they have failed the appointment game for me thus the 5 mins early. But I think I'm getting my shave so I sit and wait my turn.After my wait they get me in the chair and give me the worst speed cut I've ever had. My scalp still stings 2 hours later from the buzzer being dragged through it. After the "cut" the barber (if you want to call him that) asks "Did you want a shave too?". Is it really that hard for someone to tell you up front they don't have time to give you a shave?I was kind of at a lost for words which wasn't a problem for him because he filled the silence with "Cause I can buzz it off and save you a few bucks but we need to close our doors". Knowing that I have a full schedule till the weekend and thinking it couldn't be worse than me doing it myself I made the terrible mistake of letting him "buzz it off" which is the equivalent of letting someone take an electric sander to your face. No oils, no soothing balm, no warm towel just some deep red scratches and a feeling of dejection. All of this, my leaving work early 30 mins early, my wasted 30 mins waiting , my blitz of a hair cut and my 'not shave' with scars included cost me $31. Which is a $13 savings compared with my last visit. And that was and will be my last visit to V's Barbershop.
5	I've been going here for about 15 years and would recommend V's to anyone and now that I have two sons they also go to V's.  While I will sit in any open chair since everybody is friendly and does a great job, my boys would probably wait all afternoon for Josh who is excellent with the kids.
5	Great spot. Alex always does a great job cleaning me up, quick, clean, and professional. If you make an appointment they are always ready right away. If you don't, they are busy so be prepared to wait.
