3	Went here for lunch today-I ordered the chicken souvlaki wrap, sis ordered steak sandwich and hubby ordered smoked meat sandwich.  With 3 coffees, the total came to $42.00.  I really wanted pancakes for lunch, but we missed the cut off by 30 mins.  The waitress was adamant about the cut off too.  Grrrr.  Sis ordered her steak sandwich med rare, and it came well done.  After the waitress was called over,she immediately took it back and had it re-made.  The size of the steak was huge!  Fries were delicious too.  My souvlaki was completely ok.  Just ok.  Smoked meat was a hit with the hubby-but like I've said before, any red meat seems to be delicious with him.  So the rating is A-OK.  I wouldn't run back, but when in the area, it works.
1	Went back for lunch again (was in the area again for work) and was asked if we were there for breakfast or lunch.  Being that it was 11:00 am I said we'd take both menus and take a look.  By the time we were all ready to order off the breakfast menu (we had to wait a bit for another diner to meet us), our waitress told us that we were no longer allowed to order off the breakfast menu.  When I told her we were given a menu and a choice when we walked in, she said "that was then".  Well now.  So on two seperate occasions I've tried to order breakfast, and twice I've been denied.  No leniency either time.  And what's worse, this time---no apology.  Not even a  "Sorry about that!" or even "Let me see...".  Nothing.  The worst waitress experience I've EVER had.  I even conciously noticed if she ever said "please or thank you" and the ONLY time she said thank you, was when I handed her back the visa machine.  Thinking back, I should have not tipped.  GRRRRR.So now, I happily take back my 3 stars and begrudgingly give 1 star!!!
2	I'm not a fan at all.  The place was clean, but that's all it had going for it.  The food was bad and overpriced.  The service was slow too.  It looks bad given it's in a mall area, but a few people around here recommended it.  Don't go here if you like good food.
3	Wait time in line was what they said it would be. Coffee is good. Derive was really great. Food was good, not great. What you would expect. Portions are huge. Wish I could give 3.5 stars for the service as the food doesn't merit a 4. Overall not a bad spot to grab breakfast. I have to disagree with best eggs Benedict in town. Pretty sure that was premise hollandaise sauce. Try them at Symposium instead.
3	We stopped at Jacks on a Saturday afternoon around 2:30pm for lunch after a busy day at the farmer's market across the road.We were seated promptly, and out party of five got one of the huge wrap around tables.The waitress was friendly enough and  our orders were taken fast enough.  The menu is fairly exhaustive.  I had the classic reuben.  It had a lot of smoked meat, a little more sauerkraut would have been nice, but overall it was ok.  Two of my three kids had the kids pizza.  The kids pizza is about the size of a small pizza at most pizza joints.  The dough was freshly made, and it was smothered in cheese.  I loved the piece that my daughter let me steal from her.  My third kid had the spaghetti, she liked it, but she felt the portion size was too big for her.  She told us there was no way she was going to finish it.Overall the meal was average on the adult meals, and above average for the kids.  The restaurant was clean, well put together, and we had a good server.  We will have to visit Jacks next time we are in KW.
5	I go here time and time again. The food quality is above average. The portions are very large.Despite being in the far North end of Waterloo away from the students, this place is always packed during mealtimes. Try a weekday lunch, and you'll see. I've always had great service whenever I've gone.My recommendations are the Taco Salad and either the chicken or pork souvlaki platters. The Taco Salad comes with a glob of guacamole and can be topped with meats. The souvlaki platters are the biggest in Waterloo for their price (topping both Benny's at Uni/Weber and the Daily Grill restaurant at Northfield near Conestoga) and the tastiest - the tzaziki is /not/ cold when I get it and they provide plenty (I can't stand other places that provide tzaziki in little plastic cups cold directly from the fridge).
5	Attended 1030am Monday breakfast.  We had a group of about 20. Pleasantly greeted, warm family atmosphere, clean and very good service and free Wifi!Ordered a vegetarian skillet - huge portion but a bit over priced and very well prepared and tasty.Staff is very attentive and polite.  I will be returning!
3	I'm giving 3 stars and not 4 only because this place can get really busy and loud. That's a bit of a turn off. The good is pretty good; home style cooking. Not too many spices used here, but it's still pretty tasty. The portions are huge and you'll most likely have dinner for the next day too. The only dish I suggest you stay way from is the Fish and Chips - not their best dish. I personably like their chicken tenders. They have a homemade batter and they use real chicken. You can also get a Dijon dip which is so good!
4	Had a decent club sandwich here, the service was friendly. Comfortable atmosphere. Usually busy.. The portions are big. Lots of menu items to choose from, good value. Located next to the St Jacobs Playhouse and Courtyard Marriott a few minutes from St Jacobs downtown
3	Went here with my boyfriend for Saturday morning breakfast. We arrived around 9 am and there was already a 20 minute wait! And once we were seated, you could tell they just wanted to rush us out of there. The breakfast menu was really extensive - there were waffles, pancakes, egg scrambles, eggs Benedict, etc and you had a choice of at least 4 different varieties of each. The food was pretty standard for breakfast food. My boyfriend had a breakfast special and he liked it, except for the hash browns which were the shredded kind (we both agreed these are our least favourite type of hash brown). My meal came with a fruit boat, which was a pretty generous portion. We might go here again, but I don't know if it's worth such a long wait.
2	I had the hot turkey sandwich and fries. The fries were decent. The hot turkey sandwich was pretty bland. The turkey was tender, but definitely lacking in flavour. The gravy was okay but once the gravy ran out, the turkey on its own was just bland. My cat enjoyed the turkey when I brought home the leftovers so he would probably give this restaurant five stars.The portions are huge (I ate about three-quarters of my sandwich and there was still enough turkey left for my cat to get three good-sized meal/snacks out of it). And the waitstaff are extremely efficient.
2	The food lacked seasoning and the wait staff wasn't attentive, while the place wasn't very busy.I decided to walk across from my hotel and see what the local place could offer. I ordered the ribs, which were on special and came with a vegetable, salad or soup, and a potato or rice. Being on special I expected it to be something that they were good at. I ordered the soup and the potato was baked and loaded. Te soup was cabbage pastrami and was good, too hot, but overall decent flavor. Te pastrami wasn't apartment, but small chunks were in the soup. The meal came and the vegetables were cauliflower, carrots, and broccoli. The were steamed and still had water on them, they were soft and had no seasoning. The potato was burnt on one side, the ladies consisted of a bit of cheese, a sampling of cold bacon, and a few chives. There were lots of ribs, however they were tough and had minimal flavor. The BBQ had a decent flavor, however it was just poured on and masked the dryness and no seasoning. To top it off, I didn't get a drink refill after asking once my meal came and it took even longer to pay the bill. I had high hopes when I saw the decor, not happy with the outcome.
1	Was too tired to drive from hotel to a restaurant so tried Jack's! Had "tasteless" Cattleman Chicken; advise "drive to a real restaurant like Montana's!
3	Seated quickly at the bar, waitress helped me select a dark beer, a porter, and it perfect for my taste. I ordered the Chicken Caesar salad which I enjoyed. Most would likely say it lacked spice, meaning salt.  Serving size was good. But I was never asked how I enjoyed my meal or if I wanted another beer or water, since my glass was empty.  Really liked the decor.  Wish the waitress was more attentive.
2	Portions were large, but food was bland. Garlic bread had only a hint of garlic and was served lukewarm. Souvlaki and Greek salad were both tasteless. Service was fine, but when we asked for a recommendation between two items, the server said she doesn't eat there as she brings her own meals. Not the most helpful answer. We wouldn't return.
