5	Muncha is our standard breakfast and lunch joint (when we order out) at my studio. It's a little hole-in-the-wall spot in an industrial area of Tempe. The owners are great; they staff the counter themselves and know their regulars. The sandwiches are generally enormous (I recommend the 61, turkey with italian dressing), and they've always got new daily specials. Substitutions and sandwich customization is a-OK with them.They feed you -really- well for the price, I can't recommend them more!
5	A breakfast/lunch-only place driven by the local industrial and commercial buildings nearby, they have really good sandwiches!  Simple, quick, friendly - go enough times and they start to know you by name.  Their specials on the whiteboard are usually really unique, inventive, and super tasty (they had this one with a mustard sauce/dressing that I still get cravings for, but yet to see it again...).  They close around 2 or 3p so go only if you're in the area.
4	Munch A Mania is by far one of my favorite restaurants.  I take everyone there, and I pick it up when my friends have babies.  Everything is good, and the service is GREAT!  It feels like I'm going to a friend's house when I go to Munch A Mania.  The only reason I didn't score it 5 out of 5 is because I'm a vegetarian and my options are limited.  My husband loves the club and the french dip.  My dad loves the cream soups and the turkey wraps (a frequent special).  Everyone at my work craves their breakfast.  The prices are hard to beat!  We use them for all of our catering at work.
5	I love this place. I haven't been in years but I went this afternoon with some friends I used to work with and it was still just as awesome. It's really rare that small places like this are as good as you remember so I give them a lot of credit. The place looks great, it's clean and the food is fantastic. I got my old favorite, #43 a chicken sandwhich on a wheat wrap and a side of their pasta salad and it brought me right back. Oh and one of my other personal favorites- REAL ICED TEA!! None of that nasty fake stuff. Prices are perfect for the times we are in, the place is always busy but really fast with the food and the atmosphere is cozy... all in all a great place to stop in for lunch by yourself, with friends or even with a client.
5	My first trip to Munch A Mania was a great one.  The owners were super friendly and polite, and I was surprised that there were quite a few people in the store, considering it's in a strip mall.My bagel with cream cheese, bacon and tomato was a delicious combination that I never would have thought of myself.  The bagel sandwich and a 16oz soda was less than $5... cheaper than McDonald's or Chompie's for sure.  (Also, they have Barq's Red Cream Soda!)Because it's on the north side of University Drive, it's easy to stop by if you're one of the many people who commute to ASU/Downtown Tempe from the 101.  Quick service, delicious food, and friendly people.
4	This place is very good. It is a mix of fast food and a general greasy spoon. It was a very clean place and the people that were running it (who were also the owners) were extremely nice. There menu is very small but they can make anything you want. I had a two meat burrito. This burrito came with your choice of two meats (sausage, bacon, ham) eggs, cheese pinto beans and potatoes! The thing was huge and after tax it only cost me $4.86! Filled me up perfectly!
5	OK, So I was gonna give them a 4 but I thought about it and made it a 5. The food is very good and plenty of options. The staff is definitely friendly (I work in retail and preach this sort of thing so I have to acknowledge it). I was going to give them a 4 only because I thought they were on the pricey side compared to other places for the amount of food you get. I decided to go with a 5 because the service is really good and you do feel like you are getting a homemade sandwich when you sit down to eat. Definitely give them a try.
5	I went here for a sandwich  (the #20 with Ham, Bologna, Genoa Salami, Capocolla, Cooked Salami, American & Provolone Cheese) and thought it was absolutely delicious.  The sandwich meat was extremely tasty, although the bread was admittedly about average.  It seemed like everyone in the place knew one another, which can be a good or bad thing, depending on your perspective (I was eating alone so felt slightly out of place, although the man and woman running the place were both very courteous and friendly).  However, I do think that if you want to feel like you are eating a homemade sandwich in a friend's kitchen, this would be a good place to go.   Another yelper suggested that this is "pricey," which I think is strange.  A full size sandwich or a half sandwich/soup costs 5 dollars -- that strikes me as a fairly inexpensive lunch.  The menu is online, so you can decide yourself if eating here is going to bust your budget.
5	This is by far the best sandwich place in the whole valley in my opinion. I love sandwiches too!The owners are great, super friendly and makes it a point to remember people and make them feel welcome, even when it is packed.The food is awesome, and the service is fast. The prices are great. When I worked in the area I went there almost daily and it was cheaper than going to McDonalds etc to get a similar size meal. I tell everyone I know to go there, and you should check it out!
2	As all the other yelpers have said, Awesomely friendly owners. Nice Ma & Pa placeFood is OK, but not memorable. Pancakes are from a packet mix, frozen packet homestyle potatoes meat was microwaved.All the plates were styrofoam, cutlery was plastic. Very un-green
4	Friendly attention and good for a breakfast stop. I had BBCTO and it was enough to start the day. Place does seem to have a fix sort of clients, and you will feel like eating in the kitchen of somebody for the familiarity they are welcome.
5	GREAT SANDWICHES, and GREAT PEOPLE
5	I was brought to munch a few years ago by a college friend and have been a fan ever since. The prices are pretty inexpensive and the owners Gordon and Mary are some of the nicest people I have met. I havent been there for about a month and they still remembered my name and asked where I have been. I get the chicken sandwich with bacon, avocado and ask for the "magic" sauce. There is tons of ASU memorabilia on the walls, mainly softball and baseball. If your ever in Tempe for lunch, this is the place to be.
4	I found Munch a Mania on Yelp while looking for a small breakfast place between Phoenix and East Mesa.  It looked good, had good reviews, and good prices so we drove on over.  It was great!  I laughed when we ordered because the lady asked if we'd found them on Yelp, since they know all their regulars.  Service was quick, and the food was delicious.  When we went up to pay, another guy said, "hey, you must be yelpers!"  So very small mom-and-pop style place, and definitely worth the recommendations that bring people in via yelp!
5	Awesome sandwiches !!!! Gordon and Mary make u feel at home
5	Freshly sliced meats on fresh bread. Kicks the crud out of Subway.
5	Best place to grab a Sandwich. They treat you like family while your there.
4	First timer here. Had to visit based upon the stellar reviews this place gets.Its very, very old school here, but I like the feeling. Its different from the usual atmosphere you get at the other places. For a mom and pop shop, the prices for the food were very reasonable, and the food was also definitely very good. It gets really busy during lunch, but that doesn't really make the service any worse. Except for the fact that I asked for a water, and the guy at the counter (Gordon?) asked if I wanted 'Tempe tap' or bottled. I asked for tap, and then....nothing happened.My italian beef came out surprisingly fast, and it was quite delicious. For $6.25 you get a sandwich and some chips which is pretty good. Except for the fact that they pretty much only have Poore Brothers chips, which is awesome. Have to take a star off because there is no tap water on their fountain. I ended up having to go to my car to grab my bottle of water for my lunch.Other than that, really good sandwiches for the price. Decent service.
5	The owners are amazing and if you become a regular they will quickly remember you. They make everything fresh and it is truly evident in the taste. I love their chicken salad, so yummy!Definitely take the time to try their specials of the day. A lot of my co-workers love them. I tend to stick to the same thing since I'm gluten free and my options are limited.  I would definitely suggest this place for breakfast or lunch. :)
5	5 stars because of the good food, good prices, Gordon, and Square Pay. Took a few co-workers here because I heard great things about this place. Its always nice when a recommendation lives up to expectations because friends can quickly turn to obnoxious jerks when given the chance.Gordon is super friendly, he somehow knows how to hit it off with any personality that comes in. Also be sure to ask for suggestions you might just end up with the Truth or some Thunder and Monsoon.Prices are more expensive than Subway but the food is way better.  The sandwiches remind me of the way Paradise Bakery services them, square, not submarines but at a better price.Another great thing about this place is you can Pay with Square. If you haven't used it before, it works like this:  Setup a profile with Square and when you walk into a business that uses Square your name and picture automatically appear on the register.  Your just order you food and go, you don't ever have to touch your wallet or smart phone. It is freaking amazing!Awesome place, makes Tempe feel like the college town it should be.
2	Got a Reuben with sauerkraut on the side for take-away. It's listed in the "Hot Sandwiches" menu. Turned out it was anything but - which is a surprise because I work very close by. Beyond that, the pastrami was unsavory and the thousand island was a runny soup that didn't do much to make up for the low temperature.Chompies up the street knows how to make a tasty Reuben (albeit over-sized); I regret not grabbing my sandwich there. Won't be getting another Reuben at Munch-a-mania, but I might try breakfast sometime hoping for better results.
4	It's finding places like this that remind me why it is great to be a yelper. I was looking for something different to do for lunch than my usual spots so I hopped on here and found Munch A Mania and I am very glad I did. This little hole in a wall, or in this case industrial strip mall, is one of those hidden gems that you need to be connected to find out about.The location itself is unassuming but the food is anything but. I walked in with no idea what I wanted and it got even harder to choose once i saw the menu where everything looked great and inexpensive as well. In the end I went with a meatball sub combo, I think the total was $7 less than I spend at subway for a foot-long. i was also impressed by the use of an iPad & Square to pay, as a tech nerd I always enjoy seeing that kind of thing get used, also shows me that the owners are willing to think outside the box.The sub was good as the bread seemed fresh, the meatballs were well sized and full of meat and not too much bread/filler. The meatballs and sauce were actually flavorful which is more than I can say for subway. Also the sub with a bag of chips was just about the perfect sized lunch, i was full but not overly so. Definitely enough of a pleaser to convince me to come back and try some of the other subs i passed on for the meatball.I am holding off the extra star until I can get back and try a more standard cold cut sub but I am doubting it will be long before I stop by again. If you want to try something different for lunch I say come check this out as it is a welcome change to the standard chain sub shops that are a dime a dozen in Tempe.
4	iv hit this place a few times now for breakfast  clean friendly and great food and prices .
5	My job is about 1/2 a mile from this place.  I drove by one day and decided to go in and eat lunch.  Best choice I have ever made.  My boss buys our lunch from here once a week.  The salads are the best around, are huge and a great price.  Gordon & Mary are the best.  The place is always crowded/busy no matter what day I go in.
4	One of the better sandwich shops in Tempe, does get busy sometimes though. They also have a great breakfast I hear.
4	I work only a few blocks away and so naturally we get lunch here about once a week.  The food is good and fresh for the most part and you can't beat the prices but I'd say they should really look into more of a variety of breads.  I think that might help as its better than the plain sandwich bread they use now.
4	Perfect hole in the wall eatery. Prices are cheap, great service, and very good sandwiches.
5	Plus column:great chow, low prices, great service, good vibe, good parking. Minus column:nadathis place is solid all around.   a cheers-like attitude (extremely personable and genuine).  clearly a hit with the college athlete crowd. they need about 10 more of these around maricopa county.  hearty comfort food at a great price.   try it, you'll probably like it.
5	This place is awesome friendly staff and amazing food!
5	Just walk in and order the Truth. You will get the best hot sandwich made.  Gordon and Mary are the nicest people.
5	I used to live across the street from Munch a Mania and always wondered how the store survived since they were only open during the week at daytime hours.  Once I finally got a chance to make it in there with my husband and a friend I realized exactly how they stay open.  Great food, great service, and really make you feel at home.  The owner's Gordan and Mary go out of there way to make you feel welcome by remembering your name, asking you how you are doing, and making sure you are satisfied with their food.  It kept my husband and I going back every time.  Definitely a great place to eat in Tempe during the week!   I would highly recommend!
4	I got the Roast Beef and Mushrooms with melted provolone on top. I have to say the sandwich was pretty tasty and it was a good price. The only down side on this sandwich was the use of canned mushrooms.. Fresh mushrooms would be so much better!! Come on guys!
5	Awesome! Great customer service.Can't wait to go back
5	This is by far my favorite sandwich shop in Tempe. From the second you walk in , you feel very at home- like you are in mom&pops kitchen. My boyfriend and I have started making Munchamania a weekly tradition and always loving everything we try! We have turned many of our friends and family on to this place and they have loved it as well. Aside from the comfortable atmosphere, the food is awesome. Sandwiches have a tendency to get very repetitive and boring after awhile however Gordo makes sure to always spice things up! Their "magic sauce" that is used on a variety of sandwiches is delicious. Munchamania always has great daily specials that vary from items such as huge fresh-made salads, delicious soups and three cheese quesadillas. They even have speciality sandwiches that aren't on the menu but will graciously be offered to you such as "The Truth" and "The Monsoon" that will blow your mind. This restaurant is definitely a must-try and I promise it will not disappoint you!
4	This place has excellent sandwiches! I suggest that if you are going for lunch that you be prepared as this place is small and it draws a decent lunch crowd. The owner Gordon is very nice and accommodating. They also do take out orders and delivery depending on where you are located.
5	Easily the best sandwich place in Tempe...and I'd argue that it's a top spot anywhere. Gordon and Mary are amazing and make you feel at home. The food is so good and I make it a point to visit at least once or twice a week.
5	Gordon and Mary are a staple mom n' pop shop in Tempe, Arizona. They have great, personable customer service and incredible food. Best sandwich shop in town. And then some. I might be biased since playing ball at ASU but rest assured, they won't disappoint. Love you Gordon and Mary! Lots of love and best wishes! PS-Gordon has a secret menu newbies. Well worth the hassle of squeezing it outta him. Good luck.
5	My girlfriend and I looked this place on Yelp for a good breakfast before a long trip to Tucson and we were totally impressed!  This is a simple deli-like restaurant with about 10 tables.  Portions are generous and the coffee great.  The burrito supreme for breakfast will fill the hungriest of breakfast goers and is enough for two!  We enjoyed end it so much we decided to get two sandwiches for the road.  Gordon was kind enough to give us some ice to keep them.  This place is a must for A-one customer service which is sorely lacking today!
5	You can't beat this place for sandwiches.#1 at 12:30 PM on a Wednesday it is packed.  I saw maybe 70 people in the time I waited for my two sandwiches to go.Prices are $4.99 for almost any sandwich you can image and $6.50 for huge salads!I waited longer than at other places but everything was so fresh it wasn't a problem, I will plan ahead next time.Tried the vegetarian sandwich with cream cheese, cucumbers, sprouts and avocado on a white sub roll.  YUM!!!!  So much fresh, ripe avocado.My kids shared the turkey sandwich with bacon and avocado on sour dough.  Large drinks are only $1.50 and they have two choices for fresh brewed tea.They gave my kids a free drink and apologized that they didn't have any free cookies to throw in when our order was ready!!!  We seriously can't wait to go back!
5	The guy Gordon that works here is the man!!!! He's so funny and very helpful. Knows everything there is about sandwiches. He's also got a great sense of humor and even told us about the secret menu. There's "The Truth" and the monsoon. Both ridiculously delicious. A must go but only open till 2:30!!!!
4	Came here for lunch for the first time since I'm working up in this area. The girls I went with go here every day. Literally, every day. I'm not sure I could do that - gotta have some variety!But this place is good, food tasted great and it was super (super) busy. Pretty much all locals from what I could tell and they are here all the time. The owners knew everyone and what they normally order.Menu seems to have a good selection and all the ingredients were fresh. I could seem them making sandwiches while we were eating.I'm sure I'll be back if I stay working up here!
5	This was delicious.  I went there and the owner who gives descriptions was not there.  So his wife helped us out.  She apologized that her husband was not there, but she tried her best and gave my party two delicious sandwiches.  One was "the Truth" and is was so tasty.  I cannot remember the name of the other one, but one was turkey and the other I believe was corn beef.  When we were there, they also had a daily special of tacos. I did not try it, but I saw it and it filled the plate it was on.  They prices are responsible and you have to love a "mom & pop" shop.  This is a must try.
5	This place is incredible!
4	I ate here for the first time today with some co-workers. Yum-meeeeee!!! The small dining room stays busy was customers coming in and out to order the delicious food. Many of the customers looked like regulars. The staff seemed to have a great relationship with the customers as they filtered in and out of the restaurant. Friendly staff that made you feel at home. I'll be going back to this place for sure!
5	I work right next to this place so it's very convenient. Mary and Gordon are all around really cool people and they make good breakfast and lunch. My favorite is the chorizo burrito supreme.
3	Great people, average food. I had the long islander sandwich on a sub. The guy at the counter was a nice guy crackin a couple jokes. But the food wasn't anything that would bring me back.. The meat wasn't flavorful and the coleslaw tasted/looked exactly like the stuff you get at Walmart when you're late to a tailgate and need to bring something. But overall it's a alright neighborhood joint where they know your name and can talk about how the ASU squads are doin.
5	Amazing food!!!!  Reasonable prices!!!! AND.... Awesome owners.  We go there at least twice a week.  Make sure to check out the "today's highlights" for daily specials on their website.  When we call for an order to go at lunchtime (no matter how much we order) it's ready and it's RIGHT even with substitutions.  Love this place :)
