5	This was the 4th service I tried. The other pet sitters I used didn't follow my instructions and some wouldn't even return my calls when I checked to see how my pets were doing. I can't say enough about Amanda's Pet Sitting! Amanda followed my instructions perfectly and was always in touch with me and returned my phone calls right away. I've used her services for years now and I'm always happy with her service. I recommend Amanda to everyone I know that has pets.
1	Amanda Turner is a thief and a con artist. We hired her to take care of our dogs and she took the mony we left for her and never came back. We had to have a lock smith gain access to our home and had a friend take our severely dehydrated dogs that had no food or water for almost three days to the vet for emergency medical treatment. We also discoverd upon returning hat she had also stolen items that she thought we would not notice. What she never knew was that our home has video surveillance and caught her not only not showing up to take care of our dogs but stealing from us. DO NOT USE HER  Amanda's Pet Sitting - AZ
1	Amanda Turner is a thief and a con artist. We hired her to take care of our dogs and she took the mony we left for her and never came back. We had to have a lock smith gain access to our home and had a friend take our severely dehydrated dogs that had no food or water for almost three days to the vet for emergency medical treatment. We also discoverd upon returning hat she had also stolen items that she thought we would not notice. What she never knew was that our home has video surveillance and caught her not only not showing up to take care of our dogs but stealing from us. DO NOT USE HER  Amanda's Pet Sitting - AZ
1	AMANDA IS A LIAR AND A THIEF,  we  had met Amanda through a personal contact and could tell immediately that something was not right with her. WE never had her sit for us but when our friend was missing house hold items, we could never get a straight answer about missing items in the house and when she was asked about the truth regarding her business she couldn't tell us anything that made sense. DO NOT EMPLOY HER TO WATCH ANYTHING THAT HAS VALUE.
5	We have been using Amanda for several years, and I have to say that she has always been great with our two cats, going above and beyond for them and for us. They both require special care and Amanda makes sure everything is carried out to the letter. They are happy and well cared for when we return, and she is always on top of all the incidentals (which in our case require daily attention). We use her frequently, for short trips and extended vacations, and she has always met our very high expectations.
