5	Oh my goodness!  This was a fantastic comedy show.  There was a young MC, two opening comedians, all very funny...and then there was Joe!  Definitely humor for 18 or over, but their limit is 21.  He was hysterical!!! We left with our cheeks and stomachs hurting we were laughing so hard,!  I HIGHLY recommend his show!
1	I would give this ZERO stars if I could.  I was embarrassed, shocked and very uncomfortable with this show.  I know the tickets were free but what a waste of time.  The first 2 comedians were very funny but the main act Joe was a joke.  His style consists of insulting every member of the audience for either their race or their looks which only makes him appear that he has no real material.  He was so offensive that 2 people told him that he wasn't funny, rude and to F off.  He asked them to leave and it left the rest of us wishing that we would have left with them.  Joe has to realize that his style isn't professional comedy.  He needs to get some new material or retire but trying to make a living off insulting people and being racist isn't comedy, it's lazy and not worth your time or money.  I hope Joe reads this.   Probably a nice guy but sure not funny.  Btw, I'm white but just don't find humor is slamming blacks and asians and calling it comedy, sorry. Shame on you Tuscany Hotel for having this kind of act i your establishment.
1	Do not waste your time or money attending this show because it's dreadful.The night I attended there were 3 amateur Comedians that were so bad the audience struggled to laugh.When Joe came on stage it was like watching an immature 20yr trapped in a fat 60yo's body.  Any audience member within Joe's vision was picked on at their expense.  That is the lowest form of humor.  I ended up walking out.If I had free tickets for this show I wouldn't pass them on to anyone.  That would be a cruel and unusual punishment.Take your hard earned money and spend it somewhere else.
5	Comedy is very subjective so it is hard to say everyone will love this show. What I can say is that I don't laugh out loud very often but Joe made me laugh out loud. He does not do a family friendly show which is why there is a age restriction. But I was not offended by his act. Joe engages the audience in his act so it is always different. True improv. The warm up comedians were more stand up type acts and they were just ok. But everyone needs to start somewhere. I will be going back.
1	This is an adult comedy show.  It is located at the Tuscany.  The setup of the room is perfect.  The chairs and layout couldn't be better.  Thats the end of the good stuff.There are a couple of warmup acts that are just getting started out in comedy.  They are kind of practing with a live audience or at least that is how it appears.  I appreciate new people learning their craft and have no problem with that at all.  The crowd a grand total of nine the night I was there did not laugh at all but they aren't the main attraction Joe is.  Joe comes out and acts like he is late for the show because of an interview that he had to do.  The person they should be interviewing is the person that allows his act in that room.  I go to a lot of comedy shows and he is the single worst comic I have ever seen.  If you want to get even with someone take them to this show.I give this the lowest possible rating.  I try to find a link to the show to add to the end of my reviews so you can get more information about the show.  I can't find one for this show, maybe they finally cancelled it.  I saw it at the Tuscany.
