5	Great nail spa! Cindy gives the best pedi massages! This is my favorite Surprise nail salon.
3	Okay so before I go into some detail and explain my updated review let me just start by saying that  I really hate to have to give this update because this really is my favorite Surprise nail salon. But I know fellow Yelpers appreciate HONEST, REAL, & CANDID reviews. I'm no Pedicure junkie but I do get them several times a year however, I don't get them for just the finished results of pretty pink polish. I pay for pedi's because I love the massages, grooming, scrubbing, and the pure relaxation.  I also don't ever just get the basic pedi as I always end up chaning my own polish after a few days anyway. I want only want the works so unless I'm completely splurging for the "VIP",  I usually go for the "Deluxe" pedi which includes everything of a basic pedi (nail grooming, hot towel, & hot stone massage); added to the Deluxe is sea salt treatment, and callus remover.  The Deluxe is $30; so not so cheap either.So let me share the poor execution of the pedicure service I just received today. I walk in a little before 4pm (so not near closing time). Two other women were already in their chairs having pedi's done. I pick my color and I'm shown to my chair. I briefly look around to see if Cindy is there but she is not. The other tech I usually see if Cindy isn't available is already working on one of the other women. I think to myself "no biggie". I've been going to this salon since 2008 and have never had a poor experience. Most of the techs are familiar to me. This tech today however was not a familiar face so I'm thinking he's just new to the salon. So I'm enjoying my massage chair (which BTW are new ones but I'll go more into that later) and I'm in my zone right away. He buffs, files, scrubs my soles for a couple of mins then rinses and drys my feet and legs. He grabs lotion and starts "rubbing" it into my legs. No oil.....so the lotion obviously absorbs into my skin and he's still "dry rubbing" with his latex gloves. WTH!!! does the same to my other leg. No, I don't say anything, I just waited to see what he would do next. Nope, still no oil. Usually the tech squeezes lotion and then squeezing oil and then massages the mix for several mins. With a true massage the pedi from start to finish usually lasts 45 mins. Nope, not today for me. He then grabs and starts the hot stone massage which is also very quick. All the while I'm just staring at the client down the row getting her fabulous LONG massage on with my backup tech. (Sad Face and pouting inside) This guy never even asked me which pedicure I would like!!! All the sudden, I'm all done. Polish and all; no turning back now. The 2 other clients that were there before me were still there and I was walking to the front to pay....thinking to myself I better not get a bill for $30. I immediately grab a brochure at the front to see what the basic massage SHOULD cost me; $20. I do in fact receive a total of $20. As I'm handing over my debit card, the receptionist asks how my service was today. Okay...you asked so I'll tell you. I made sure to share my experience in a professional manner though yet expressing my disappointment. I let him know I have been going there for years and usually see Cindy. He tells me Cindy is on vacation. Okay, I let him know that I was not expecting a basic pedi. I am always asked which pedi I would like, today I was not given that option. So yes, I did not feel embarrassed to sign my receipt and leave a $2 tip (10%). The basic pedi was even executed with effort in the massage (dry rubbing). Okay, so will I be back???? YES, I will BUT, my takeaway from this visit - I will never go with any tech that is unfamiliar to me if Cindy is not there. This guy must have not just been new to the salon but NEW in general. I wish I had his name to share so you know who to absolutely AVOID but I will be sure to get it my next visit and update this. Okay, so on a POSITIVE note, I really like this salon overall. Its bigger than any of the other nail salons in Surprise. Its also nicely decorated, clean and organized. The chairs I mentioned before, well they recently got new ones. I have no complaints about the previous chairs though. Because it is bigger the pedi chairs are comfortably spread out so I don't have to sit so close to other clients. (Especially if they have nasty feet). Prices are reasonable too. Pedicures from $20-$50Manicures from $15-$18 Gel mani from $25-$35
3	I was treated to a Mani/Pedi and neck massage for Mother's day.  I liked the polish on my toes, of course my hands chipped after a day (that always happens, no matter where or who does them), the hot towel and hot stone was nice.  The neck/shoulder massage sucked, I didn't feel relaxed or helped, I felt hurt.  Even the next day, I don't recommend it.  I paint my own toes, so I don't think I will go back, but if I do for what ever reason, I may chose this place because they did paint my toes well and they were very nice.
5	I had a full body massage by Karen and it was wonderful!  My back had been hurting for weeks and she worked on it using hot stones, tiger balm, and several different massage techniques and it felt great the next day!  The massage was different than any I had ever had before.  You remain fully clothed, which was not new to me, and she worked on and around each joint.  Im not sure what the techniques we that she used, it felt very different from other massages that I have had, but the results were awesome!  I decided to let go of control, allow her to do what she does so well and it was the best massage I've had in a long time!  I recommend you experience it for yourself, be open to different techniques and enjoy the results!
5	Simon did an amazing job!
5	I won't go anywhere else paraffin wax, hot stone, hot towel, lotion and oil massage with a trained massager for 30 min plus callus remover and excellent appearance of my feet for $35! I hope they never go away! its a must for me ever two weeks! After trying the other places I  town and being charged the same for less work it is a no brainer for me!
5	Mommy/daughter day! Haircuts, dinner, then mani/pedi at our favorite place. This place is huge and beautiful. We walked in (sorry) 15 minutes before closing and they agreed to take us w/o an appt. My daughter got the kid's mani/pedi with designs for $25. They offered her water and snacks. I got the hot-stone pedi for $22 (extra for design) and was offered the same, plus coffee from their Kuerig. It was such a treat! Great selection of high-end polishes. Very clean! I took my daughter and some of her friends here for her last birthday. While we were there, she announced that she wants to come back for her next birthday. I'm really ok with that. They even did our toe flowers using each others nail colors! Love this place!!!
5	Best in Surprise, for pedicures anyway!I have been to nearly every salon in the city and Estrella is by far the best I have found.My toe nails grow out long before the polish wears off or damages. I can easily stretch my Pedi's 4 and even sometimes 6 weeks just by choosing Estrella!Absolutely LOVE that their suite is huge -even when they are very busy, it is large enough that you are never tripping over anyone. Most of the traditional shops here in town occupy 1 small little suite-not these guys. Tons of room!Best of all, even with their std. Pedi package, you get a wonderful foot and calf message by a gentleman (or sometimes his wife) who are pros @ their job (I always tip them specifically too!)They are not "Cheap" but for what you get and the quality of their work, I have ZERO complaints. Please keep up the great work Estrella!
4	Nails salons are a dime a dozen but finding good manicurists is a whole other story.I have had John do my nails and he is fabulous. He knows his products and brings a wealth of experience. Would highly recommend him. The salon itself is clean and has a very open feeling. And the icing on the cake for this salon is that they actually have someone at the reception desk that speaks understandable English on the phone!
5	Best nail salon in surprise. Yes you'll lay a couple bucks more. ..but for a masseuse to walk over and massage your feet after a nail tech does the pedi? Hands down...the BEST pedicure ive ever had.
2	I am not sure what the fascination is with these barn like nail and pedicure salons. So many good reviews and I do not agree. Yes it isn't as expensive as a nice spa or salon. But I want to be pampered if I am going to have a pedicure. I want to be able to speak English to someone. I do not want the salon employees to speak any foreign language back and forth while performing services. I could tell they were talking about some of the customers. Rude rude rude. They were short handed and left the phone ring and ring and ring and ring. NOT relaxing. Will never go back. This was my second attempt at finding a great place for a pedi. Very frustrated!!!!
5	Excellent service, refreshments, massage, and relaxing!
5	My nails look good and their pedicures are nice :). They use new sterile tools each time and the staff was very nice. It was relaxing :)
1	I've been to this nail spa on about 4-5 different occasions and have never had an exceptional experience.  A few weeks ago, on a Friday afternoon, I went in for a gel pedicure and it took over 2 hours when I finally had to tell the nail technician that I was out of time and had to go.  She had already had to remove the gel polish from one toe after she placed the dryer to close and it dented the polish.  After I got home, I realized I had the same problem on the other foot as well.  It was very obvious and I was disappointed she let me leave like that.  I called back to the spa as I was driving home and spoke with the owner and expressed my frustration with how long it took for my pedi and that I was now late for plans with friends that evening. I was then there again this last Sat, 10/25, and again had an awful experience.  I had called earlier in the day and scheduled a liquid gel manicure for 11am.  When I got there, they were not able to tell me the nail technician I would be with.  It seems they rotate through them so you're not able to schedule with a specific person.  I was finally seated for my appointment around 11:30am (30 minutes after my scheduled appointment).  The nail tech then took an hour and 1/2 for what should take no more then an hour.  She would ask me how my nails looked and I had to advise her of the flaws (lumps, bumps and waves) that were still visible on my nails.  After she fixed them twice, I was too frustrated to keep providing her feedback AND I was out of time.  I had a wedding that evening that I needed to get home to get ready for.  As I was leaving, I asked to speak with the owner.  I had spoken with him after the 2-hour pedi experience and I advised him I had been there multiple times and I was, again, not happy with my experience or satisfied with the results.  I told him I did not expect to have to pay my bill of $45.  He told me he had to speak with the nail tech first because she works on commission.  HUH???  He's the owner and should have made the decision to take care of my bill and handle her commission or not based on my experience.  If you're looking for just a basic mani/pedi, this might be the place for you BUT this is NOT the place for me and I will NEVER go back!  Too much time and too much money wasted already.
