4	This store is very neat & I seriously was amazed at how courteous the cashier was.  It's not all that common in this day & age so this being my 2nd time in this store, I was surpised again.  The 1st time, other than 1 cashier & long line for check out or help, the male clerk was also very helpful.
1	So I need to first point out that there was nothing 'wrong' with the staff, they seemed eager to help, but weren't really helpful (seemed like they maybe weren't trained well). So I spent an hour or so on their website picking out the perfect desk; the website showed that the desk was in stock at this store, I was also assured by a chat associate that the desk was in stock. I went into the store, a young man went into the back and came out telling me the desk was in stock and would be ready up front. When I went to go check out at the front, I was told they still had to pull the stock. I waited for 10 minutes before someone came to inform me the desk was not in stock. I was told that the Rainbow location had some in stock. It took another 15 minutes to call another store, which did not have the item in stock. I was offered the opportunity to place an order and have it delivered to my home. None of the staff offered to have a manager come out, they didn't offer to sell me the floor model, they didn't offer to help me look for something else. All in all, I spent 2 hours trying to purchase the desk at Office Depot. I walked into Office Max right across the street and walked out 20 minutes later with a desk that I loved. Guess where I'll be going the next time I'm looking for office supplies.
2	No customer service. There was one employee handling the ink department/register, one person handling the print shop/register, and two employee wanderers. I and a young lady behind me took turns waiting in both lines hoping to be helped. Everyone managed to effectively ignore us for 15 minutes before I gave up. No one teaches customer service anymore!
5	Great customer service!!!!! I stopped here to get some photos print for school. The lady there called Gen helped me to size the photos (without a charge). She was nice and helpful I totally recommend you to stop here whenever you need this type of services and prices are reasonable $8.xx for 16 photos and quality of prints are good
1	Horrible customer service. Takes 20 minutes just for them to print something out. Employees are rude and don't even acknowledge you when you walk up to them. Won't be coming back here .
5	The customer service here is great! It was super busy today since it's back to school season and despite how many people there were, the employees seemed more than happy to help! While I was searching for an item, one of the employees came up to me and helped me find what I needed without me asking which was really nice.
