3	Okay, I admit that I have been a bit of a bad girl with my lunches the past couple of days.  Yesterday I ate at Fadz Sandwich Shop and today I went over to Wiener World.  I guess I haven't felt like brown-bagging it lately.  Wiener World is another one of those places that has always just been there.  The neon exterior sign proclaims "Hot Dogs, Fries, Kielbasa, Fish, Ice Cream, Pizza" and believe me, that's all you gotta know about this place.  The dogs are grilled and they do have a certain "crunch" to them.  I like the all-beef dog  with mustard, onions, relish, pickle, and (thanks to my Chicago friends) NO KETCHUP!  The chili dogs here are fantastic too.  The place is kind of spartan, but it's really more of a "grab-n-go" place.  I took mine back to the office.  They also have a walk-up window and in the summer, many people prefer to dine "al-fresco".  There are numerous squares and plazas nearby in which to have a pleasant lunch.I heard a great quote once about work and it went something like this:  "Probing the minds of management around here is like probing the innards of a hotdog.  The less you know what's really in there, the happier you are."  But let's face it, sometimes a girl's just gotta have a hotdog and today was one of those days.
4	Yum!  I'm sitting here at work and eating my kielbasa & fries as I'm typing this.  I just had to upgrade my review of Wiener World from 3 to 4 stars!  See, I call myself a "Diabetic Foodie".  I have type-1 diabetes, but I do love good food and good comfort food.  Don't worry, I still regulate my carbs & insulin to accomodate what I'm eating (Mike O. of Park Ridge, I'm looking at you!).  But I also have one little oddity (okay, one oddity out of many).  After I get over being sick, my appetite kicks into overdrive and I wanna eat.  So after being down for the count with a bad cold over Easter weekend, and taking yesterday off to recuperate, I came here for lunch today.  I wanted a hotdog ('cos sometimes ya know, a girl's just gotta have one).  But I took one look at the kielbasas and my mind was made  up!
4	Dogs are SilverStar natural casing type & fair to good.The specials at the back counter (hot sausage, hoagies) are often great.
3	Wiener World - solid hot dogs , good, not great taste, ok buns, topping are plain.WW wins the hot dog and bun competition between Franktuary but Franktuary wins the topping contest hands down. Now if we could combine the dogs served here with the toppings at Franktuary  you would have  a 4 star hot-dog joint.
4	An e-mail conversation with a fellow Yelper yesterday reminded me of how much I love stinky food.  So I had to satisfy my craving for such today with a nice kielbasa (or is that kolbassi) from Wiener World.  M-M-M-M load that baby up with onions!   Dee-lishous!  Now will someone please pass me the Listerine?I also promise I'll hit the treadmill and the elliptical trainer tonight!
4	Is a place so mundane as a hotdog stand worthy of four reviews?  Well, hell yes!  It seems that yesterday I got a craving for some fine encased meats again.  Combine my love of such with my love of dining al fresco and good ol' Susan sauntered up to the convenient sidewalk take out window for a fine luncheon experience at the nearby square.  The hot sausage specialty sure sounded tempting.  But I'm a chick who likes the basics.  So I got me a pure beef dog, small fries, and diet pop.  I learned the hard way when I was in Chicago to NEVER ever put ketchup on a hotdog.  With that lesson in mind, I smeared the red stuff over my fries.  Deelishus!
4	What's this, a fifth review of a hotdog stand?  Read on o' Downtown diners!It figures.  The other day I was telling my Yelp friend Mike O. about my sudden lunchtime craving for encased meats.  I figured hey, it being a nice day why not get a dog with all the goodies on it and dine al fresco?  It's mid-October--how many more outdoor dining days are we gonna have?  So I got me a regular dog loaded up with all the goodies, fries, and a drink.  Mmmm-mmm good, right?
4	What finer lunch is there than hotdogs al fresco on a bee-yoo-tee-full October day?  Considering that cold weather might be just around the corner, I figured I didn't have much time left in order to enjoy fine encased meats in one of Pittsburgh's many great plazas!   Wiener World's dogs have always had a certain snap to 'em and my beef hotdog was just perfect with all the trimmings (no ketchup of course--I learned that from  my Chicago friends) and topped off with a small order of fries and a diet pop.So, a tasty dog and great weather.  Worthy of a 6th review, wouldn't you say?
2	They charge $4 for a hot dog that is not any different from one you can get at any 7/11 for $1.  Not sure how to review it other than to say have you ever gone into any gas station convenience store in America and gotten a "big dog" or whatever, and put condiments on it?  It's the same thing but 3 more dollars.  They did have other types of dogs but they were more expensive.I hate supporting chains but independent places are supposed to offer something more unique than a neato neon sign.  You might pay as much for a dog in Chicago or New York but they're something special.  For less the amount I could have gotten a corn beef sandwich at various places nearby.  Liked the people and the atmosphere.  Next time I'll try the ice cream.
4	A fine cooked on a grill snappy dog.  A good tasting dog, with natural casing that snaps when you bite into it, that is grilled with they have the usual condiments.  Love the long sliced pickle on top.  If you are not in the mood for a dog, step to the back and get a really good Italian hoagie.  Dogs in the front...hoagies in the back.
4	Solid dogs, ESP if you are a dog fanatic. Gravy Fries are awesome. I have lunch here everyday I am in Pittsburgh. Much better than Franktuary.
4	I miss working downtown, because I used to visit this place a good bit when the weather was warm.  The dogs are a bit expensive but they are big and include all toppings.  They used to have an $8.50 special, two all beef big dogs and a drink.  It was a bummer that they do not offer free refills as the drinks are one size and they fill them with ice. I almost always had to get another drink because the dogs are salty and make you thirsty.  The staff is very nice and I recommend Wiener World for a tasty dog!
3	You know, with a name like Wiener World it is... difficult not to laugh like a 13 year old when talking about the place.  So please fold your chuckles till the end of the presentation.... Let's get down to business.  Wiener World is one of those "we've been open since God created the cow" places.  It's greasy and gross, and everything you'd expect from a million year old hot dog joint.  With that said the Hot Dogs were really good.  They were all beef, and really juicy.  If you are down town and looking for something quick give this place a try.... Ok... feel free to laugh now.
2	I've had fish sandwiches all over Pittsburgh, it's a staple of the burgh diet and one of the dishes we do best.  Sadly Wiener World does it worst.  A bad fish sandwich in Pittsburgh is like bad BBQ in Texas or a bad cheesesteak in Philadelphia, an offensive abomination that denigrates the pride and reputation of the region.  I have never had a worse fish sandwich anywhere (including in fast food hole in the walls) and at $10, this assault on your taste buds doesn't come cheap.It was bad in every way it could be bad.  Frozen, greasy, tasteless, heavy on bland batter and light on fish.  To add to it, even though the inside of the establishment is large, there are no chairs to sit down (just counters), they don't take cards (cash only, but they do have an atm) and the inside was freezing, I was shivering in the 60* temperature even though it was 80 outside in July.  So why do they get 2 stars instead of just 1?  My server was very nice, the fries with the sandwich were prepared fresh and were good, and I've heard from many reputable sources that their ice cream is fantastic.  That said, I'll be licking my wounds from disappointment for a while before I lick their ice cream.
5	Best dogs and dirt cheap. You can't go wrong. And of course... cheese sauce! But sadly cash only...
1	Every time I come here, hoping, just hoping that I'm going to have a couple delicious hotdogs. Raw. Unfiltered. Old school. Like a ballpark from the 1920's or something.But each time I come away disappointed, even more than last time.My father worked here three or four decades ago. I'd love to love this place and recommend it to my friends.The service is anywhere from good to great, and they are fast and friendly!And maybe, just maybe, I come when the hotdogs have been sitting on the grill too long. At odd hours. or an hour after the rush.Every time, the hotdogs (and brats) are harder than a rock.  Not a snappy casing, no, this is like barely edible hard exterior.So what's a man to do? Try again?  Sadly, I'll probably forget about my recent experiences, and try them again.I just hope they are fresher next time, because I can't imagine them worse than today.
4	I love a good hot dog and this is a good hot dog place.  The people working were incredibly nice and helpful people.  The inside as others have said just has a standing bar against a wall and that's it.  The hot dogs were full and plump and had good flavor.  They have plenty of options for toppings on the dogs.  I also got fries and a malt.  The malt was very good and the fries were just your standard average fries.  All in all if you like hot dogs you should try this hot dog joint.
