1	This Caterer entirely ruined my sisters wedding yesterday.  For a small 50 person wedding, the cost was ridiculous and even though they paid their bill in FULL months before the wedding, the caterer was still asking for money up until the day of the event.  The Basic Cake clause in the contract was not explained well.  The catering staff kept asking the family all night for a schedule of things even though it had been provided to them by the bride weeks earlier.  They even cut the cake before the bridal couple cut the cake and were serving it during the toast!  The food was cold, the displays were well done although very sparse, there was no butter provided for the rolls, salt and pepper was not provided and when asked for, was told that having salt and pepper available would be an insult to the chef.The staff was supposed to be at the hall at 2:30 PM and didn't show up until after the guests started arriving at 3:45 for a 4 PM wedding.Shameful, shameful.  I will never use this caterer again nor will I recommend it to any of my clients or businesses I do business with.
5	I would like to take the time to respond to the reviews of Megan V. and Sara H. I have used Occasions Catering for both corporate and social events.  I have also recommended them to several contacts as well as personal friends.  I have always had consistent professional service not to mention mouthwatering quality food, and yes salt and pepper was provided.I do not understand why Occasions would continue to ask for money if you ladies were paid in full. I also read that the cost was "ridiculous" in Sara H. review. So tell me why you would use a caterer that you think is too expensive? We all have the opportunity to choose whom we like. You've said they cut the cake early. I find that incredibly hard to believe. I have been to 3 weddings done by Occasions and that has never been the case. Why would someone take that upon themselves? Maybe they were told to do that by someone in the party?From my personal experiences with this caterer I have to say it is hard to believe that a lot of what you are saying holds truth and validity. Melissa and staff please hold your heads high and don't this get you down! You guys do a great job 100% of the time I have had the pleasure of working with you! Keep it up!
4	I recently stopped by a networking event and discovered they had a grand spread set up throughout the venue - and wow, I was impressed with the food. In one corner was a beautifully decorated round table set up with sliced cheese all the way around. I loved that they were genius enough to have a round table so we could all just rotate around it and being a huge cheese fan (it's an addiction really) I sampled all 6 types. Unfortunately, there were no cards marking what type of cheese I was tasting so no clue what I ate but hey, it was tasty.At another station there was a turkey carver, slicing fresh bird and creating mini sliders with cranberry chutney. Trendy and I dig it. Another station had a server sauteing chicken and carne asada at the event. I asked for a chicken soft taco and she presented it to me on a place then directed my to the ingredient station, where I topped my freshly-made taco with cilantro, sour cream, pico, guacamole. Move a bit down and there were glass globes with tuna cuts in them - you were suppose to toss whatever ingredients you wanted in them and make a plate of chips for dipping - nice presentation!Being the fat kids we are, my friend and I hit up the dessert table before we left and snagged rock candy and mini cupcakes... to which my friend pointed at the silver glitter on top and asked if there was such a thing as edible glitter as she took a bite. I responded 'well you better hope so since you just ate it' and proceeded to munch on my rock candy.Nice presentation and from the small samples we had, excellent fare! I would definitely book them for a future event.
