5	They did a great job on my carpet.  I've had multiple carpet cleaning companies try to lift the traffic stains off my carpet but they are the only ones who were able to and the stains haven't come back yet.
5	We had our carpets cleaned from Sears, they did a fantastic job. This was the first time I used them and was very pleased. I got an appointment the day I asked for and they were here exactly on time. Very professional, and very thorough. The price was so reasonable Large brm, family room, stairs, hallway, and a throw rug for $125.00 I did pay extra for carpet protection so I believe the total was 195.00. I have paid more than that previously and was not as pleased as I was with Sears. The rugs feel soft now. I told him I think the prior carpet cleaners didn't rinse them properly and he said he would make sure it was done right, especially on the frise carpet (long nap) rug. I would use them again for sure, highly recommend.
1	STAY AWAY FROM THESE PEOPLE  !  They ruined the carpet in our motorhome.  The 2 men they sent out couldn't clean a window correctly.  When we realized what they had done several hours later we called to talk to the owner/manager.  He wouldn't even come to the phone !  After several days of effort I was finally able to get thru to a Sears customer service agent back east  (that isn't as easy as your would think).  We had taken pictures of the damage they had done and sent them to her.  Unbelievably her father owned a Stanly Steamer Carpet  cleaning franchise and she knew what they had done incorrectly with their equipment.  Sears took care of the entire problem for us. WARNING.... Sears has absolutely no legal responsibly to do this !   It's a franchise owned by a private party.  It says Sears Roebuck on the side of their white vans, but Sears is in no way responsible for anything they do !!!  We were VERY lucky to get the Sears customer agent that we got who was willing to go to her supervisor to help us correct the problem.  These outfits operate on a very tight budget. Think about it...new van, two men, a lot of equipment and material, insurance on the van, business phone, and office space, not to mention driving time, all this for 100 bucks or less  !  Consequently, if anything goes wrong, it's SCREW YOU.
4	I had these guys out after the Super Flood of September 8th. My entire basement took in water, destroying all 5 rooms. The team jumped in and moved pretty much every single item in the basement around so they could rip out the carpet and dry things out. They were professional, cordial and super easy to work with. They all truly went above and beyond to help us out and moved so quickly we suffered very little dry wall damage. I hope to never have to use them again for water extraction, but would call them for other services.
1	I can't give 0 stars or negative stars. They make your carpet more dirty and try to rush you to sign the contract which will give unreasonable conditions. They will not explain anything. First thing is to get your credit card charged and contract signed so that you can't get your money back. They will give 30 day warranty. But you can't get hold of any of them in 30 days. It looks very shady to deal with them. If you are using them for carpet cleaning, you certainly have to hire another one to clean your carpet. Be ready to shell more money out if you use them. I will not recommend this business to anyone.
