2	I can't hate on this place too much as it was the only non-Starbucks iced coffee I could find while staying in Tempe last week.Still, the price tag of 2.75 for coffee with ice on the main drag of one of America's biggest college town's seems outrageous.
4	Hyper awaits, be forewarned. It's behind the counter, to be exact. Rather amusing to me, the super-charged cashiers may be too much for others. If you like tea and can stand it hot, try the Earl Lavender. I can vouch for the iced coffee and chai (iced and hot) - both great options. I hear the scones are good, too. I like walking into this place, seeing strangers, old co-workers and random people geeking it up with their laptops. I like catching strange snippets of conversation. You never know what'll drag itself off Mill Ave and through the doors. Downside: Bathrooms are sketchy. You'd think they'd be able to invest in some Mr. Clean Bleach for the floors and the walls. Oh well. I guess coffee is their forte. And since the coffee is good, I'm okay with an ick bathroom, an establish full of random and unique people and the fact that they're located off Mill -- their spot is actually a welcome relief from the trying-to-be-trendy boutiques and places to munch. If you're bored during the evening, head here with a friend. Sit outside and chat. Or grab your goods and walk around. That's what I like to do. There is a Starbucks nearby, too, if that's your addiction. But, c'mon, give this place a try. Deviate. Experiment. Expand your coffee bean horizon.
4	While I was visiting my sister, we were also waiting for her internet to be installed.  So I found myself at Coffee Plantation a few times.  I liked it! I didn't notice that it was overpriced (like everyone else seems to think) $2 for an Italian soda is pretty common.  But let me tell you, the kid behind the counter sure can make a mean Italian soda!I'd say the only downside to the place was the pastry I attempted to eat for breakfast, yesterday.  One bite coated my mouth with such grossness that I didn't bother having a third bite (I had to have a second to see if the first was a fluke)!
4	There are 4 good reasons to go to Coffee Plantation...1. It isn't Starbucks2. There are still plenty of things that they do not overcharge for3. Free WIFI4. The people watching is still the best free floor show in town
2	If you're stuck on Mill and you want some coffee really bad, they've got some really bad coffee for you.  Honestly, Coffee Plantation isn't on my top 20 best cups of coffee, but it's one of only a few places where you can get a latte near campus.  It's not very cheap and the barista range from friendly to hipper-than-thou art school drop outs.  Nonetheless, it is a coffee shop, they do make espresso drinks, and there is some good people watching to be had.WiFi's free- you can pay to use their computers if you're technologically disadvantaged though.
4	I went to Coffee Plantation last weekend when I was watching the Iron Man competition.  Yes we went to Starbucks first...but then we wanted to go shopping...and in the process of going shopping...we had to pee.  Only place around....Coffee Plantation!After doing our business, the cuz and I decided that we were hungry...so we tried their turkey and bacon sandwich....oh my God!!!  I am not a big fan of turkey...but this was one amazing sandwich.  That and they had very yummy iced tea.  The best thing of all...it wasn't packed like Starbucks...amazing....
1	I hate this place. Seriously  hate this place. I have been coming here for 10 years and they still tell me restrooms are for customers. Never mind that I work at Chase, I'm wearing a badge and a collared shirt and purchasing an ice tea...I'm probably not a customer...I'm probably a crazy vagrant that is going to poop on the floor in the bathroom, yea I said  it, but it wasn't me....It must have been the last person they let use it.. A real customer. Disgusting.. The food here sucks. Their bagels are stale, their eggs are not from a chicken, I don't know where they are from.. Maybe a giraffe (ok the banana bread is good but that's it), their drinks are over priced. And even though the chick behind the counter looks like she is on crack, she must not be, because she certainly can muster the energy to wipe down the counter.  AND THE COFFEE SUCKS!
2	The Coffee Plantation prides itself on the selling point that its "Arizona Owned and Operated," but unfortunately it is one of the few good things about this place.  A little less than a decade ago this was one of the coolest coffee shops in the valley, but it seems that little has been done to maintain its former luster, and now it is simply coasting on the fact that it has a prime location.  Back then live music was practically a given any night of the week at the Plantation, but now the customer is only treated to a poorly chosen Muzak station with the volume cranked way too high (my idea for good coffee shop music is anything that can generally be ignored, so many great coffee houses unfortunately feel the need to blast Nickleback into your ears). The location is the only other thing going for this place, it is a great location for people watching on Mill, and has a counter with stools facing the sidewalk and street.Onto the coffee and food.  Does anyone remember when the Coffee Plantation had a full menu of awesome sandwiches, what happened?  Now there's just a half-empty glass case of pastries.  The coffee is sub par, not terrible, but not great, and it's not unusual to get a lukewarm cup rather than hot; also, why do they always have to go behind closed doors to get my coffee, it kind of creeps me out that it is not right out in the open.  (I should point out that when talking about the coffee, I only drink regular coffee and I don't go for the elaborate coffee concoctions.)  The staff is hit and miss, sometimes friendly sometimes not.  Basically, this place has been running on auto-pilot for too many years and could use some new ideas and new energy.Everything in this review pretty much applies to the Plantation at the Biltmore Fashion Mall as well.
2	What has happened to the Coffee Plantation? I've been out of the Valley for 8 yrs. and the Coffee Plantation was always such a good place for food, bakery items, and of course coffee. On my last visit the store was dirty, the full menu of food was gone, and the coffee was burnt. I went to the Biltmore and alas that location was gone. Where did my old Coffee Plantation go?
1	I know that the Coffee Plantation has been sold more times than a street walker's services. So, I'm sure that has something to do with the quality and atmosphere going through vicious cycles.In the early  to late 90's you'd commonly have to hunt for a place to sit. They'd run happy hour deals during the week with the line of customers frequently reaching the door. There was live music and fun times to be had, people watching, and laughter everywhere. It was PACKED.Everything about it has taken a nose dive... Multiple times. Gone are the days of the gigantic bean grinder and bean counter (more recently  the food counter). Gone are the days of good tasting coffee and awesome happy-hour-ness. Live music, great service, and fun people- no longer.The last time I was there I was accosted by a surly customer saying I was infringing on his rights. I was at the long bar facing outward, with my camera pointed outside. He was on the bench outside on the phone doing god knows what, pacing back and forth like a drug addict. I didn't even notice him in my line of sight most of the time, as he was moving all over the place, but he marched right in and made it known I better not point that *damn* thing at him one more time, or else. Wow...talk about a crazy person! He implied I was doing illegal things by facing a camera at him. Wow. OK?!. He also looked to be on meth and was paranoid as  hell. Now I wouldn't dock the business just because of an unruly, crazy patron, but it left a sour taste in my mouth. When I informed the barista what happened, he seemed sincerely apologetic, but didn't do anything about it. He just stood there. I ended up having to pack up my stuff and leave for fear the guy was going to assault me. I also called the cops. So, no more Coffee Plantation for me. The coffee really isn't worth it. The only thing they have going for them is their location.
2	Oh, Coffee Plantation, where didst thou self-respect go?  I've been coming here for a couple of years, and this is what I've decided (+ positive, - negative, -/+ neutral):- Bad customer service.  There's one employee in particular who treats me like I'm a child every time I order... and she's never happy.- Messy.  Maybe it's because the joint is on Mill (which is gross to begin with), but I'm guessing it's because the manager doesn't enforce cleanliness.-/+ Coffee is decent, if not below average.  Don't try any fancy shmancy drinks here, you will be disappointed.
1	While visiting in Arizona I was surprised to see a place that actually had a real espresso machine, and more surprised to see that the employees had no idea what kind of coffee they were serving.  Even if it was a light or dark roast, but by the taste of it I'm assuming it was roasted for the taste buds of a chain smoker.  Although it really depends on who makes your coffee.  I made two visits, one with a friend to try the double espresso, and another by myself to see what the milk was like.  The espresso I didn't watch being made, as the machine is placed in a way that watching requires you to be in the way of the people in line.  It was pretty undrinkable, but it didn't make my stomach sick, which was a plus as far as espresso around here goes.  I came back and ordered a latte to see what was going on, and I watched a scruffy guy shove my coffee untamped into the machine, and then put my milk under the steam wand, turn it on, and walk away.  Heads up buddy, the Marzocco doesn't auto-foam, you just scalded my milk!  Needless to say it was completely undrinkable, and I threw it away after the first taste.Needs some serious training on how to make coffee.
1	Yuck, yuck, yuck. Went here today during the Tempe Art Fest today. Perhaps I should have been wary of the fact that while there were tons of people on the street, very few of them were in Coffee Plantation. And it was cold outside. Anyways, went in, waited in line (I was third but it took a while to get served) and ordered a latte. No syrups, nothing fancy, just a latte. 20 minutes later, after Husband has gone outside, gotten and eaten a hotdog and friend Heather H. has procured soba noodles, I finally get my latte. Even though I was third in line. Then, when I open the lid on said latte, I am greeted by the fact that THERE IS NO FOAM. While a latte is not super foamy, this one literally had NO FOAM. Husband and Heather H. said I should request a new one, but I had no desire to wait another 20 minutes. Then I made the mistake of drinking the latte. It was awful and tasted burnt. Ugh.I am all for supporting local businesses, but they need to deserve it. If you are on Mill in Tempe and want coffee, do yourself a favor and bypass Coffee Plantation, walk a few more blocks and go to Starbucks.
1	Oh how far the mighty fall.While the hip factor on this place has gone up and down over the years, at least they had semi-decent coffee. I went there today, and now even that's dead. It tasted like pencil shavings. And not those yummy, creamy pencil shavings either. They were the kinds you get from a pencil. Steeped in boiling water.It's no wonder the place is usually abandoned. Well, that and all of the Starbuck's in every corner of the Earth...
3	I have been going here since I was in high school, Im 27 now. Im so glad it has not become another hipster place that Mill Ave has become known for. I just wish they stayed open a bit later.
5	WOW!  This is my first time here at Coffee Plantation, and I am in love!  This place is huge!After wanting to do something different from hanging out at my "usual spot" I decided to change things up a little this morning.  I ventured out of my little bubble and wandered down here to check this place out.  I admit, coffee plantations a little out of my way...but like I said, I wanted to do something different this morning, and the change has done me good!Coffee plantation is huge and reasonably easy to find.  Located on Mill Ave in the heart of ASU, its a very large coffee shop, with tons of seating! Finally, a place with more then 2 tables!  LOL.  I love how large and spacious it is.  Full drink menu, and I love thier prices here.  Very competitive, and seems to be cheaper then Starbucks!  The hours here are great too.  Open early (I think the girl said 6AM??)  until late at night, like midnight on the weekends.  awesome!  Free wifi too!I will be returning here for a variety of reasons.  Great hours, friendly staff, independant with great seating.
1	Sub-par products (oversweet chai made from powder), inattentive staff (3 minutes for you to acknowledge me standing here?) and dirty environs (flies and split foam cushions). Errr, as much as I am a fan of local coffeeshops, this place doesn't make the grade. I've heard it was better in the past. But I don't see much hope for their future.
