4	"Usted es el bocadillo ms hermoso! .".. roughly translated.. you are the most beautiful sandwich!While this place is in a transitional neighborhood don't let the homeless fool you.. its really tasty! The service is very friendly and it's so cheap you can have a great taco lunch for under 5 bucks!Let's get to the nitty gritty.. first torta I had from here the "La Presa" couldn't be finished.. not even by my portliness! Its 2 thick pieces of telera topped with ham, cheese, pork sirloin, breaded beef, sausage, chorizo and egg. This torta's HUGE, seriously! Most come with potato chips though ask for the salad instead. Its a serving of shredded lettuce, cabbage, sliced radishes, half a caramelized onion and a roasted jalapeo. IMHO, makes for a balance but really, you can't balance this out but the thought is there!Alambre de Res burro, tacos and quesadillas have claimed major rock star status with me! Tender chopped beef, bell peppers, onions and melted cheese.. I think they use a little bacon fat too 'cause these bad boi's are bursting with flavor! Ah, gawd!The fresh juice they make here can also pass for a wonderful lunch substitute. I like the granola, strawberry and pineapple licuado! A meal in itself!They take your plastic card too! Just go for it!
4	I love this place because they make aguas frescas or licuados from just about any kind of fruit you can think of. They are not made from powdered mixes - they cut up the fruit right there and blend it with water, sugar and ice. I love the agua de sandia (watermelon), melon (canteloupe) and mango.  The drinks taste just like the fruit. Just beware, they are big and you can get full just from drinking them while you are waiting for your food.  You can ask for your drink to come in a to-go cup if you want to take it with you even if you eat there. The food is great! I love the tortas, quesadillas and tacos. I haven't found anywhere else that comes close to the taste and selection yet. You can call ahead and then pickup your order also.I love salsa and bachata music and they often play this in the restaurant. They sell tickets to local cumbia concerts sometimes too.This is a great place!Note: They were formerly called Tortas La Presa. I had gone to some of the other Torta La Presa locations and did not find the same food or drink selection and didn't know why. When I visited the 7th St location we asked and were told that due to a issue with the name and other places using the same name but being different, they had to change it.
4	Plan for this meal.  You MUST plan for this meal because one sandwich is big enough to be food for the whole day.The location is in a tiny strip mall just north of Dunlap.  It's nothing fancy.  Expect to see all kinds of people, lots of them, and they are all talking loudly.  This afternoon, when I was there, the place was packed with Hispanic families with lots of small kids, a bunch of older white haired people who must live nearby and their newspapers, a couple of tourists, and a nice kid who said his brother had sent him to pick up dinner.  He had never been there and looked around cautiously at the place until the waitress finally spoke English to him.Since the place is named for the beautiful sandwiches they serve, I will start with those...  soft buns are loaded with different combinations of ham, breaded beef, pork sirloin, eggs,  chicken, cheese, guacamole, assorted peppers or chilies, tomato and sometimes a little onion... One torta is more than enough for 2 people.They have taco plates with 3 tacos for under $5.  Their tacos come in varieties you may not have considered before... How about beef tongue tacos? or perhaps beef brains?  For the less adventurous, they have Hawaiian (beef, bacon, ham, bell peppers, pineapple, and cheese) or chorizo.I like the shrimp quesedillas... also big enough to split. There are a lot of different shrimp dishes on the menu.  I should try a few others, but every time I walk in the door, I can hear the quesedilla calling my name.They have fresh fruit drinks served in fishbowl sized goblets, and different kinds of fruit cocktail with whipped cream, honey or sweet cream for dessert.  They also have flan in different flavors.I noticed a good breakfast menu that is served before 11 am, but I have never tried it. I think I would end up going home to sleep off the food if I tried to eat a big meal like that in the AM.
4	Perfect example of a great restaurant that lives in a crappy place. From the outside one might be scared to go in... it's in Sunnyslope for cripes sake! The tortas, and aguas frescas are both incredible. They blow a lot of other "torta" restaurants I've been to out of the water. The atmosphere is pretty bare bones, but they have done a nice job of making it feel welcoming and festive. There are always lots of kids there and lots going on, so be ready for a non-relaxing meal, but a very delicious one at that. The portions are enormous, and most people would be able to split one sandwich. Just watch your back around the area.
3	Los Reyes is great, don't get me wrong.Food rocks, but there are a few items I wish were better.1)  They have no Ice Tea.2)  I have had some cleanliness concerns in the restroom.3)  I darn near cut my fingertip off one day on a broken chair.  They didn't seem to really know what the heck to do.But the GOOD STUFF is...The "Aquas Frescas" are great, but often a bit sweet for me.  So I ask for my favorite "Aqua Limon con poco Azucar".  I crave this drink, it is extra yummy.The tacos and burritos are all great.  Especially the Alambre de Pollo and Alambre de Res.The Tortas are killer.  Never had a Torta, huh?Just trust me and try one.I really like the Ranchera Especial (with a can of soda??)This is a soft warm bun type sandwich with a mixture of shredded or ground beef inside with cilantro and onion in a slightly spicy saucy  mixture.  Maybe you could call it a Mexican Sloppy Joe?  But so much better.No ice tea, no tortilla chips (Ruffles instead) and some really amazing sandwiches and other mexican treats.  Muy autentico.
5	It's hard to tell others about this place.  At least the people I know.  I get one of two responses:"You order a SANDWICH at a Mexican restaurant?"Yes, a sandwich.  It's not weird.  It's not even unique.  It's a sandwich.  You put turkey on yours.  They put ham, hot dog, carne, egg, chorizo, guacamole, mayo, and pico on theirs.  Okay, maybe it's unique.  At the very least, it's better than that quesadilla you're ordering.  But go right ahead.  More torta for me!"SUNNYSLOPE?"Yes, Sunnyslope.  I don't shoot meth.  I've never picked up a hooker.  Yeah, there's a lot of Mexicans.  But I'm Mexican, so maybe I should be offended that you pointed it out.  No, it's not scary.  You don't need to lock your car door as badly as you think you do.Torta Kings, you had me at, "breaded beef."
4	Thanks to David B. and a serendipitous coupon from lunchclub.com, I finally went to Los Reyes de la Torta. The description of the Huarache con hongos is what really did it... and it was perfectly described! It's like an extra thick soft corn tortilla topped with beans (navy or cannellini, not pinto) a LOT of queso fresco and... hongos (mushrooms). Don't like mushrooms? Pick a different topping... much like (as Dave B. describes) pizza!The waitress asked if I wanted red or green salsa and I asked for sides of each so I could try them both, but I only got the red... which was fine, because it added good flavor. The portion was huge! And, the price was fair (around $7 including a can of diet coke)
3	I was introduced to this restaurant from a new friend - I know of this great secret Mexican restaurant hole in the wall youre going to love.  So after all that anticipation and making it there, I can tell you she was correct.  This is a great Mexican eatery that I would like!Unfortunately not yet, I did not enjoy the juice bar.  When I ate there, I was unreasonably hungry that I ordered the most gigantic Torta I have ever seen.  The Del Rey.  Holy heart attack on a plate batman!  I imagine even weeks separated from that meal, that I am still suffering from that explosion of food that I consumed.  And it was so unbelievably delicious that I cannot imagine that I would like to find any justification to repeat that transgression againSo why the 3/5 mark.  I think a lot of the food is greasy.  I would really prefer more heart healthy food to give a rating of great / excellent.  But perhaps very authentic to Mexico.  And I also love that the food is a SUPER value.  That is HUGE.  I hated that I was served potato chips with the meal, but perhaps that is standard with a Torta?  And I wanted so bad to ask the waitress to turn the channel to NFL football - but I did have enough sense that I was in a Mexican place, surrounded by Mexican families, that probably like watching their version of football.
4	After hearing about this place in the paper and from the chef/owner of Barrio Cafe as a savory, cheap eat, I finally gave it a try earlier this year and have been wanting to go back! I had half a regular torta with the tender slices of  beef (mmm...little slices of heaven), avocado,  that pork, all on a white roll. And there's no way I could finish a whole torta. So, from a budget standpoint, it's even more worth the money. Also tried one of their huge huarache, corn tortilla that was snowed on by queso fresco. Anyone who goes must have one of their fresh fruit juices. They have a wonderful variety and it's a nice kick with meaty, not-sweet menu. It's definitely one of those places where there are more natives than gringos, which is a good sign.
4	Reminds me of my travels to Guadalajara with all its grilled meats, little spicy sauces and freshly juiced veggies and fruit.  The portions are huge, service is attentive, quick and very efficient.  These folks are really on it, no mistakes on take away orders.  I hate when I get the take away home and something is wrong or missing.  There has to be something said about their professionalism, none of the staff stand around talking amongst themselves, they are very impressive and I for one really appreciate it.  I absolutely love the fresh juices, especially the watermelon, reminds me of Shanghai.  I go here just for the juices, but usually end up with some tacos or the Del Rey, a mongo quesadilla, which 1/2 usually has to go home with me.  The torta's are mexican style sandwiches filled with Mexican ingredients such as chorizo, which add quite a bit of flavor and wasn't greasy as in some other dishes I've had elsewhere.  Served with potato chips, just like in Mexico.  Love the avocado, not commercial packed frozen guacamole, but real sliced avo's.  Sunnyslope is safe, unless you are looking for something you shouldn't be.  I'm a single female who drives a lexus and I go.  And yea they are Mexicans--thats why the food is so good and real.  It's not the conventional commercialized crap that most of us have gotten use to.  So go if your brave enough to walk from your car to the door and enjoy a little piece of Mexico right here in bland America.Okay, here is my question: Why doesn't the US have juice bars?  In all of my travels through South America, China, Thailand i've been able to get my favorite concoction, carrot, beet, apple & ginger.  Maybe cuz we don't really grow that much or do most people self juice at home.  Just my musings to justify my laziness of preparing juice at home.
4	Yay...another winning meal based on reviews from Yelpers.  Best Milanese ever.I mistakenly thought that I'm not really into Torta.  But it just turned out that I haven't had a good one...until Los Reyes.  Now I'm a convert.
4	I'm still a fan, just a disappointed fan.  Popped in for a refreshing watermelon juice.  This time it was for a juice take-away and I got to watch the bartender prepare it and I discovered to my horror that they add sugar to the juice!  I can't believe it, now I'm going to have to remember to say no sugar, no azucar.  I should have known it was too good to be true.  Okay, I'll stop whining.
5	So low carbin' is all Ive been talking about lately and Im working on creating a new list with my recommendations. It might seem like a taco/torta shop is the last place you can low carb but Los Reyes is exceptional, especially on the cheap! Order the Tacos Alambre de Res ($4.75) and have them hold the tortillas.. so what you get is a plate full of chopped beef, onions, bacon all covered in melted cheese served with shredded cabbage, sliced radishes, sliced cucumbers, grilled onion and a grilled jalapeno. Slather on some salsa and don't eat the grilled onion and you've got yourself some good eating right there!
5	Phoenix royalty is in the 'slope! These guys, without question, are los reyes. They are not screwing around by making such a claim. People love the huaraches, which are gigantic corm tortillas covered with white cheese, red or green salsa, and mushrooms (hongos) or various meaty choices. I've had the huarache with mushrooms and the version with carne asada. I've also had the mouth-watering shrimp burrito. All are delicious, but...The tortas are where it's at. I mean, they strike some kind of poetic balance that resists duplication. The sandwiches have a variety of toppings and fillings, and are served on a beautiful bolillo roll. I'm partial to the milanesa (breaded chicken or beef). There's something about the mild crunch of the filling that combines with the smoothness of the avocado and the kick of the jalapeno. Fantastic.Los reyes also deliver on the beverage front. The make their own fresh juice, so there are quite a few options for aguas frescas, licuados, etc. One thing worth trying is the vampiro: orange, carrot, celery, beet, and pineapple juices. The vampiro will probably cure the most intractable ailment.The restaurant is also bustling and fun. Servers are friendly and multi-lingual. If you live in Sunnyslope, check the place out immediately. If not, it's worth a trip!
4	The Kings of Torta I say!! The Torta Mexicana is what you want. Thinly cut steak with grilled onions, avocado and big fat Jalapeno right in the middle! The neighbor hood isn't that great after 5pm. I look Mexican so I blend in well like a chameleon. But it isn't until I try to order that my cover is blown and they figure out that I only speak English and Californian - however it does relax the nervous white folk standing around waiting for their take out!!  =))P.s. Parking lot sucks and isn't well lit but fight your way in! - You'll be glad you did.
3	When I first saw the place from the outside I was expecting it to be just another Mexican dive. I was wrong. The inside is nice, the staff is friendly and the food is good. I'm not usually a fan of tortas but these are an exception. Even the Mexican music they played wasn't the annoying polka sounding crap you find in other places. Very pleasant surprise.
3	Los Reyes has gotten such rave reviews, perhaps my expectations were too high, but I thought that the Torta Los Reyes, their signature torta, was just a glorified Denny's Grand Slamwich with hot sauce. I didn't find the meat that flavorful, nor the sauces. That said, the restaurant is surprisingly nice inside, the service is prompt and friendly, and the mango agua fresca was amazing. Maybe I'm just not the torta type, because for the most part, I'm a healthy eater and avoid beef, pork, and ham. My dad, on the other hand, loved the torta.
4	Every time I drive by this place, I get a little thrill down my spine. MMMM! Where else can you go to experience a bit of heaven between two soft pieces of bread? I met Mr. Hottie and Foodie Bear for lunch one afternoon at Los Reyes. I will say that I'm not a HUGE fan of sandwiches, but when it's free, what the heck? I walked in to the strip mall establishment and was met by the aroma of grilled onions and meat! So far, so good! Once seated, I found my eyes wandering around the menu and wishing I could eat everything on it! After sipping on a delicious horchata, and pondering the menu, I decided on the Torta el Rey which means "torta that has everything but the kitchen sink in it" (loosely translated)! This AMAZING sammie came with breaded thin beef steak, ham, chorizo, fried egg, cheese, avocado, lettuce, tomato, and jalapeno! This is CERTAINLY not something you want to feed a family member who is at risk of kicking the bucket due to heart or kidney issues. Consider yourself warned. I will say that if you eat this sandwich, you are bound to fall in love with it. It's a dangerous, forbidden love, but a love you will cherish nonetheless. One of the issues I have with sandwiches is the bread. In previous experience, the tortas that I ate had terribly boring bread, or bread that was way too hard. Los Reyes' bread was yummy! It was grilled and and crusty, but not so crusty that you cut your mouth or it's too hard. The ingredients of the torta were all well made and delicious. Everything was HOT where it needed to be and cold and fresh where that needed to be! Perfecto! So why is that 5th star missing? I want to head back to try another torta to be sure of a 5 star rating! Looking forward to it!
4	I fell in love with this place a few weeks ago when my friend and I decided to try it on a whim. (By friend, I mean fellow foodie).  I love that Los Reyes isn't your typical Mexican place.  Not that I don't love that food, but this place is a cut above.  My friend and I tried the cheese quesadilla del rey which was my first quesadilla made with corn tortillas and green sauce.  Muy delicioso! We also shared the Cubano torta which was very tasty.  I loved the cantaloupe juice I ordered, but I could see how many might not.  If you're not a real cantaloupe fan, it's a bit much.  The next time I went with a different friend, we ordered the del rey torta which was HUGE!  We couldn't even eat half of it.  I know they are known for this torta, but the combination of meats was a bit much for me.  I preferred the Cubano.  We also ordered the Huarache with carne asada and it was very good.  I would order it again.I can't wait to go back and try some more of their fruit delicacies and maybe a platillo or some tacos.  This place seems one-of-a-kind.  The servers were super nice and friendly, even though both times we were the only gringos in the place and had to point to the menu.  I will make this place a regular stop.Mrs. Siegel
4	Yet another place I would never have found without Christina P and Yelp!  And it was good.  Really good!The menu has quite a few recognizable items like burros and tacos, but I opted to try a huarache, basically an over-sized tostada with a thicker, softer corn tortilla and you choose your toppings.  Let's just say it's 8:16 am and I wish I were eating one right now.  They don't serve alcohol, but they do have a great juice bar with many options to choose from.  Of course, that won't satisfy anyone who can't fathom the idea of a spicy meal without a beer or margarita.  But it worked for me.  I will definitely come back if I'm in the neighborhood.  I just need to find a reason to be in the neighborhood now.
4	I was never a fan of Mexican food.  I craved Mexican food about 2 times a year.  It wasn't until I had a torta from this place that I now want to go here every week.  Tortas... yum.  I always get the Rancheras C Papas, avocado, chipotle mayo, grilled beef and cheese on a toasted bun.  Hubby got the Del Ray Torta, (view photo).  Add a Coke from the glass bottle, you know the kind of coke that is made with sugar cane and NOT corn syrup, let's just say it's pure heaven in my belly.  Agua Frescas are delicious as well.  Watermelon, Cantaloupe, Mango, taste like your drinking the fruit itself.  So refreshing and light.  Don't forget the shrimp ceviche especial, at .99 cents, you will want about 10 more of these... will take a picture next time I go. The only downsides, they serve potato chips instead of tortilla chips.  No alchohol, but trust, once you bite into one of these filling sandwiches, those two faults are easily forgivable if not forgotten.
5	We went to Los Reyes de la Torta last weekend for the first time. I was excited about the food, but wondered if it would be difficult to order and about the standards of cleanliness. Both concerns were completely unfounded. The staff there were English-speaking and very friendly. The place appeared to be quite clean, too! We ordered two agua frescas. One was mango and the other was cantaloupe/watermelon on the waitress' recommendation. Wow! Both were so fresh and delicious. Not too sweet, either. Our sandwiches were the del Rey and the Arizona. They were both huge and served on some really good sandwich buns. I just couldn't believe my eyes when I saw all the stuff they squeezed into both sandwiches! Ham, pork sirloin, chorizo, sausage, egg, avocado, jalapenos, breaded beef-- probably some things I'm forgetting. Somehow the flavors meld together to create the most savory combination with just a little heat. I had to stop after eating half my sammy due to threat of gastric explosion. Hubby ate the entire del Rey. Guess skinny guys must have a hollow leg where they put giant meals. I loved my meal. It's the kind of thing you'd see on "thisiswhyyourefat.com" but soooooo worth it. We will be going back and plan to blow our out-of-town guests' minds with this place next time they visit! I forgot to mention our meal was less than $30 including tip.
4	Awesome tortas!  Love this place!  Friendly service, clean, and great food.  Can't wait to go back.
5	This place was awesome!  Try the Del Rey Torta.  It's like having breakfast, lunch, and dinner at the same time.
4	Once again Yelpers you didn't lead me astray.  The food is amazingly fresh and wonderful and plentiful.  I had the shrimp tacos, others had the carne asada tacos, the Del Rey, carnita quesadilla, and the chicken torta.  All loved the food and  the agua frescas were amazing. YUMMM....We all died of a food coma for an hour or two after...I will be a regular of this restaurant.
4	I was surprised when I walked in; I had the impression from the exterior that the place was much smaller, and I expected only a counter, and perhaps a few tables. Pleasant surprise to be seated, with a waitress to attend.The menu alone made my mouth water, just envisioning all the dishes.I chose the Del Rey Torta, simply for the meat content, which is considerable, and it has egg. You can't go wrong with egg on a meat sandwich.When the sandwich arrived, I thought perhaps my meal, and my mother's, were on the same plate; it was huge! It could easily feed a small family. Or a large chef. :)One thing that was odd; potato chips with my torta. I suppose it was ignorant of me to think that a mexican food place would have tortilla chips, but that's what I've been conditioned to expect.Upon reflection, potato chips are a more fitting accompaniment to a sandwich, contents of said sandwich notwithstanding.The salsa that was served with the meal was phenomenal. Not too spicy, but a nice bite, with a slightly smoky flavor. Delicious!The sandwich was, as the menu implies, a meat paradise, with egg. I can't recall for certain, but I believe there were 5 kinds of meat, including chorizo. You can't ever go wrong with chorizo.The prices are very reasonable, even ridiculously low, given the volume of food.The torta turned out to be much more than I could finish in one sitting, but I think I may have been intimidated. I will have to challenge the menu again, at a later date.I would recommend Los Reyes to anyone seeking something non-traditional, in the Sunnyslope area. Its location on 7th street makes it equally favorably for those traveling from downtown, even on public transportation.I will definitely be returning.
5	This place deserves a visit.  You love Mexican.  I love Mexican.  but face it... we've both been lazy haven't we.  we go to the 'berto's places. we have our favorite Tex-Mex neighborhood joints.  and maybe we got a wild hair and went to La Parilla Suiza for a different style of Mexican food.  but we haven't pushed the envelope, and it's time we did!  so get yourself over to Sunnyslope and try Los Reyes de la Torta.  First of all, brace yourself.... you will not get chips and salsa.  and when you look at the menu, you won't see your fave burritos or tacos offered.  get over it.  your mouth is about to be the happiest part of your body!  they offer a wide variety of "tortas" (sandwiches to you, gringo) and like any good sandwich place, you order them with "The Works".  At Los Reyes, that means a whole pile of ingredients and they're all suicculent.  Agua Fresca?  Just say yes and name a fruit... within moments, a giant margarita style glass will be placed in front of you containing a smoothie based on aforementioned fruit plus a giant garnish of same.  I ordered the Mango version and cannot remember ever sipping  a more satisfying, delicious concoction, which went perfectly with my torta choice, the Del Rey torta, large enough to pose a serious challenge to Adam Richman on Man vs. Food.  In my case, Food won, but the torta, containing pork, ham, beef, eggs, guacamole, onions, tomatoes, cheese, chorizo, and yes even a hot dog, was a glutton's wet dream.  I suggest you come with a group of at least 6 people so you can order a bunch of different things and share them around.Try this place.
5	Went back with some veggie friends of mine and wasn't disappointed.  One of them ordered the regular flour quesadilla, and they loved it.  It had veggie stuff on the inside and I tasted a bite which was delicious.  I will probably order this next time I go.  Also, the grilled onion which came on the side was a big hit.  The other friend ordered the mushroom corn quesadilla.  She liked it but didn't love it.  I had the shrimp tacos and, wow, were they good.  I don't know why, with all the tortas on the menu, but I just seem to prefer the other menu items.  As always, the service was great, and it was very, very busy.  We had to wait to be seated.  Love this place!
4	I really liked this place and will definitely go back but its far from perfect. Not the cleanest or nicest place, but that's cool with me I'm used to going to crappy run down spots in Chicago that have amazing food. I got the Del Ray Torta, OMG it was crazy! Sooo good though! Its like the biggest sandwich I've ever had. I also had the watermelon juice that was so delicious! Disappointments include: music that was too loudno tortilla chips?! they only have ruffles!
4	The bacon and cheese breakfast burrito is top notch.  The thick pieces of delicious bacon spread throughout to be enjoyed in every bite is a wonderful touch.  The cheese holds the the whole thing togther making every bite as good as the one before.  The salsa does well to compliment while not overpower the essence of the meal.
5	I keep coming back! Latest obsession is the shredded shrimp quesadilla. Apparently, there's some sort of translation problem because "shredded" means "with onions and bell peppers." In addition to onions and bell peppers -- and shrimp, obviously -- the ginormous quesadilla is filled with cheese, guacamole and smokey, bacony beans! So good! P.S. When I was there yesterday I noticed a sign that Man Vs. Food was there to eat the torta. Episode airs next week, I think...
5	I read about Los Reyes on Yelp earlier this year and have really wanted to try it. My boyfriend and I went on Friday and we REALLY enjoyed it! I used to be obsessed with tortas when I lived down in Guadalajara, so I was especially excited. I ordered a torta with chopped steak, onions, peppers, cheese, beans, avocado and more. Delicious! I could only eat half (half is about the size of a burger). I also got an horchata - really refreshing after the spicy-ness of the peppers and hot sauce. My boyfriend got a steak torta and a Mandarin Soda. He LOVED it. He somehow managed to eat the whole thing! Definitely want to go back and try more of their food and fresh juices. Highly recommend Los Reyes!!!
5	Los Reyes de la Torta has watermelon aguas frescas as big as your head, and gigantic platters of carne asada that put any other establishment to shame. (The waitstaff also have impeccably teased hairstyles which I adore.) If you go, it's a table service type of place. When you bring your check to the cashier to pay, you have the opportunity to pick your very own Dum-Dum lollipop as a parting gift. (Please leave me a Cherry Vanilla, they are my fave.)I was holding off on reviewing one of my favorite neighborhood establishments in hopes of keeping the hungry hoardes away. But, as I heard the 'Slope's best torta place is being featured on Man vs. Food show on the Travel Network tonight, I figured it was time to finally toss my hat in the ring. See you there.
5	So of course i saw the Man V Food episode last night about the Del Ray Torta. Thought is looked amazing. So for lunch i went and tried their food. It was definetely difficult to choose what i wanted. So many things looked good. I chose the Arizona Torta. One word: Awesome! It was hot, delicious, and tasty... Oh and i got the traditional Coke in a bottle! Will be back.. maybe for dinner tonight!
4	My boss took a few of us here on 07-15-10 because he saw it on Man vs. Food. We ordered their famous Del Rey Torta and this meal was huge and absolutely delicious! I was only able to consume half the sandwich, you can surely bring a friend to split the meal. I would definitely go back and order this again. They also give you a red and green salsa. The red one is great cuz its got some heat after you keep eating some. Their ceviche is wonderful too!I also had their flan, but I wasn't a big fan of it. I make my own and mine is creamy and sweet. Theirs is...the opposite.Our order of water took awhile. The one in the group that ordered Coke got their drink first, probably cuz they paid for their drink...joking. But I ended up requesting to get our waters then they brought it.Overall, it was a great experience and I definitely need to stop for the Del Rey Torta again and bring some friends.
4	Agua Frescas...the term always eluded me. I knew it was some sort of Mexican drink, but I never really took the time to give it a shot, I guess my disdain for Horchata scared me off from other ethnic drinks, well...Los Reyes de la Torta made me regret my shortsightedness. After trying the Agua Frescas here, I went home and all but prayed for forgiveness from the Agua Fresca God for doubting him...this is one seriously good drink...at least at Los Reyes de la Torta it is. This place was our back up plan for dinner last Saturday...and quickly became our first choice because our other front runner (Sonora Mesquite Grill) seemed to be inexplicably closed on Saturday evening. This ended up being a blessing though, because I can't imagine having a better Mexican meal than we did at Los Reyes de la Torta. Right when you walk in, you know this place means business. Open kitchen, great smelling food being cooked up, 'best of' signs posted everywhere, and a packed house with people smiling and enjoying themselves wherever you look. Upon first opening the menu, we noticed the prices...dirt cheap. Because of this we decided to get three menu items to try, along with a couple of agua frescas. Here's a breakdown of what we tried: -Pineapple Agua Fresca - Delicious...frothy and natural tasting with each sip filled with a mouth full of mini pineapple bits. -Lime Agua Fresca - Like a fresh squeezed lime...unbelievable refreshing. -Asada Quesadilla - We both liked this the most out of anything we got. Fresh and tasty cheese, awesome tortilla, great tasting carne asada, and a mixture tomatoes/beans/cilantro/avacodo...melt in your mouth good. -Cubana Torta - We are big torta fans, but had to try one here. It was good, but we weren't blown away...again, we aren't big torta fans...so take this with a grain of salt. -Carne Asada Tacos - Okay, I know we already got a carne asada quesadilla...but we really like carne asada...so we just had to do it. The tacos were pretty good, but I wouldn't say they were spectacular. Everything in the taco tasted great but the mini tortillas they use for the tacos wasn't quite as tasty as the flour tortilla they used for the quesadilla. ...we left stuffed and satisfied with our meal. The only possible negative thing about this place is that they don't serve chips and salsa, which is a shame. The hot sauce they bring out to your table to go with your meal would go great with some warm crunchy chips. All in all...this place is excellent. Authentic quality Mexican food for dirt cheap, anyone in the area should definitely check it out. I can't wait to go back and try more stuff. This is a possible 5 star place, just need to go a few more times before it gets 'bumped up'. 4.25/5.
3	After seeing it on Man vs. Food, I had to try this out for myself.  The atmosphere was pleasant, and the food was pretty good for the price, but there was nothing that really jumped out at me.I had the Torta del Rey, which has a ridiculous amount of food inside: eggs, ham, pork, chorizo, beef, cheese, tomatoes, jalapenos, avocado, and onions (I skipped the refried beans).  And I'm pretty sure there was a plain boiled hot dog in there somewhere.  It's interesting to have all of those meats in the same bite, but none of them really were spectacular.  The best of the bunch was probably the breaded beef, so maybe a sandwich focused on that beef might be a little more memorable.When I saw that they have potato chips instead of the more common tortilla chips, I figured they must be good.  I've had some excellent homemade chips at several places in town.  But unfortunately, these were just original Ruffles, complete with the preservatives and grease.For the price, I'd go again if I was in the area, but I don't think I'd make a special trip again.
5	Have been here twice now in about a week. If I can make three, I would try it!  Love Mexican food and with Carolina's North down the street from us, it would seem hard to find a place that would give us a good Mexican food fix.  It wouldn't be fair to compare the two though...apples and oranges.Have never really got into tortas before our visit here and this place is NOT your typical Mexican fast food place.  The atmosphere makes you feel like you are in a real Mexican restaurant.  The wait staff is super attentive and always cleaning up for you.The food....The food is awesome.  Some simple advice.  Be adventurous.  While you might find some familiar fare, you have to try one of the tortas. They are awesome!  Have tasted three different ones and they were all excellent ( ordered the pork loin and the Alambre de Res...tasted my son's Lengua Torta...hmmmm).  On my last visit I met my cousin there.  He beat us and had already ordered a quesidilla.  That sucker is big enough for three people.  I was stuffed before we even put our order in, He doesn't like to stray from his comfort zone , so he insisted on ordering the tacos.  He also wanted rice and beans. For the most part, everything comes with a "salad" of shredded iceberg, grilled onions and jalepeno,sliced radishes, and lime.  When his order came, I think he was taken back by the white rice and white beans that it came with. I wanted to try them, but he does not share!  The  looked good, but I don't think I would order them..only cause the amount of food is already overwhelming. Twice it has put me into a food coma.Try the agua frescas!  There horchata tastes homemade also...not like the stuff the serve at most places.
4	Here's what happened... I blacked out, got punched in the stomach and left with a few dollars less in my bank account.It sounds terrible, I know, but it was my fault for eating too much. There were way too many things on the menu that I wanted to try so I ended up getting the Del Rey. That sandwich is F-ing loaded! I mean, I'm all about excess sometimes with my food, but this thing has almost everything that you could want from a Mexican joint overflowing in between two halves of bread. Ya only live once though so I went for it, and it was very delicious! I've seen a similar torta on No Reservations in Frisco, but never knew that there was one in the valley. I'm glad I got to try it! Now, because of Man vs Food, most people will only go for the Del Rey. I would like to vouch for the quesadillas there though; they were also excellent! Their salsas are great as well, I just wish they had tortilla chips to go with em! Oh, and did I mention the agua frescas?! Amazing! It's a great little spot and I'm very glad that a tv show can help out local businesses the way that it does. I'm going to be moving a lot closer to Los Reyes, so I'll probably be in there more often in months to come.
3	SO I have read all of the other great reviews and really wanted to go to this restaurant. Maybe I just don't get it. I mean, I have never had a torte, so I didn't know what to expect and the staff was not very helpful. My husband, sister, and I were seated immediately. They both ordered margaritas, but when they found out there was no liquor involved, they decided against a $6 juice. I didn't blame them! We started off with the queso---not what we expected, in a good way! The cheese is actually melted, but not soupy, and is not served with tortilla chips, but, instead, a tortilla. When I asked for chips, the waitress looked at me like I was a complete idiot and told me they didn't have them. Was this something I should have known? I guess. Next, our entrees arrived. I wimped out and ordered a chicken burrito. My husband ordered the breaded beef torta, and my sister, a shrimp quesadilla. Again, I am not sure what breaded beef is supposed to taste like, but I tasted my husband's torta, and the beef was dry and not flavorful. The sandwich is huge, so I guess that is a plus. My burrito was good. My sister's quesadilla was HUGE and  filled with rice and lettuce--unexpected. Overall, not bad, but not great. The food is super inexpensive. I felt like there was some insider information we were not privy to. The menu does not describe the meals very well, and the waitress seemed to be annoyed that we didn't know what we are doing. Maybe we are just used to more Tex/Mex food.
3	After reading many rave reviews my girl and I decided to go there for an early dinner last night. We ordered a carne asada quesadilla as an appetizer to share. I am not exaggerating one bit when I say it was the greatest quesadilla she and I both have EVER had! I had an agua de limon to drink and it was amazing! We both had the Ranchera de Pollo Torta and it was pretty good in my opinion, she thought it was just ok. I cannot wait to go back and try more of their delicious food!I have decided that besides the amazing quesadillas and good aguas frescas this place is just average.
4	delicious! def got the sandwich Adam on Man vs Food got! i think it's called Del Reys! it was sooooooooo good and the sandwich was huge, the price was great! however, there was a long wait, so I'd say be patient for their services!!
5	My family and I had our first experience at Los Reyes de la Torta this weekend.  I must admit, we had never heard of it before watching "Man vs. Food".  We knew immediately we had to try it.  What we got was a real treat!  The food and the service are amazing!  Of course, I had to try the famous Del Ray Torta.  It is HUGE!  My daughter and I spilt it.  It was probably one of the best things I have ever tasted in my life!We can't wait to go back and try other things on the menu.  All the employees were so friendly.  Our server checked on us several times.  Service with a smile is something that you will find here!!  If you are looking for authentic, amazing Mexican food, then look no further! :-)
5	Wow this place is another hole in the wall gem.  this food is as authentic as it gets.  It was recommended to me by a friend that is from Mexico.  Its probably not exactly like they do it there, but I am told its as close as you'll get up here.  The prices are very fair, and the portions are generous.  You might even need to spit it up if you are not a big appetite.  All the food is fresh, and the service was great.  You know that you have hit the right place for authenticity when you are the only gringo in the place, and Spanish language ESPN is on the TV.  You have to try a torta if you go there for the first time.  I mean the name King of Tortas say it all.  I recommend the agua frescas too, as that was such a great combination with the heat of the food.  I have been there a few times, and both the cuban and carne asada were not to disappoint.  There is plenty of seating, and I did not have to wait to be seated on any of my visits.
5	5 stars all the way!  Heard about this place from Man v Food so I gotta try it out.  Got there on a sunday noon and the place was packed!  Decided that I didn't want to wait 30-50 minutes for table so we got it to go.  The famoud del ray torta lived up to its billing. It's probably the best one I've ever had and definitely the biggest.  Only wish I don't live so far away or I'll be a regular here.
4	If only it wasn't all the way up there... i'd be on it like a lush at the FEZ happy hour... margaritas, martinis oh my! Anyways that's how I would describe my dinner outing to Los Reyes de la Torta with my best, Sara V. She thought of it and I bought it... so off we went after work on Monday night to Los Teyes de la Torta for some Torta goodness. The only Torta I've had prior is at Gallo Blanco. and they Ribeye there is delicious but here we were at Los Reyes and the menu was huuugggge! Sara V. was hungry so we started with an app, the chicharron quesadilla estilo del rey which is with queso, pico, onions, and jalapenos. I got horchata as a drink, and Sara V. got mango juice. Felt tropical and I guess it went with the feeling of mugginess outside. Anywho, the quesadilla was big, and really a meal in itself. For our entrees we decided to split two tortas, they were the Arizona Torta  and the Mexicana Torta - steak, sauteed onions, jalapenos. They were both big in its own right, half a torta is filling on its own. Sum up our experience, the tortas are really good, altho i can always pass up the Mexicana and try something else. The horchata was alright, nothing phenomenal unlike La Condesa which has a very interesting and really yummy Horchata. Not a big fan of Mexican mangoes coz personally I don't think that they're sweet, Filipino mangoes are still Queen! The quesadilla was yummy, liked it very much. I think it's proof that when more than half their clientele are Latinos is that it's a good torta shop. The dinner was not pricey and I had leftovers but really liked it and will come back soon!
4	Great food. Big portions and small prices. Good service. A must of you have not tried. The Torta Del Reyes is the MOTHER SANDWICH and only $7. Its over two pounds of goodness.
5	Wow! Super tender, fresh, perfectly cooked carne asada on a toasted out of the world delicious torta! I cannot wait to go back! Authentic as it gets, decent service and amazing food! They didn't serve alcohol during lunch despite the margarita signs everywhere, but who cares?!? This place will make your taste buds happy, but beware you can get addicted on the first visit like me.  The service can be horrible, but I almost don't care.
4	I have been on a quest for good Mexican ever since I relocated to AZ and for the most part what I have found is mediocre food at best. I happened upon this place by reading reviews right here on Yelp. Although I am a fan of Man vs Food I have not seen the episode where this location is featured but apparently many others have. After reading the rave reviews I had to check this place out and let me tell you I highly recommend this joint. The food:My friend and I ordered Taco's, a Quesadilla and the Del Rey Torta all of which were wonderful. The serving sizes are large. They are not stingy here. The presentation is nice also. The Del Rey Torta is huge and definitely needs sharing. We also ordered the Aguas Frescas in strawberry and mango and they were wonderful as well. If you are in the area definitely check this place out.Note. This place gets packed. I visited at 11am on a Saturday and people were lined up to be seated. While my party was seated almost immediately service from that point forward was substandard but the food made the wait for service worth it.
3	While I can't bring myself to give Los Reyes a full 4 stars, I can't say this place doesn't deserve the mad bum rush of hipsters who are flocking to it. Apparently some show came here, ate a torta, and now everyone decides that tortas are THE thing to eat.The good:- well, they build the right kind of torta. Not your flimsy bolillo, Los Reyes uses teleras which we all know is the only way to build a torta. - AMAZING milanesa. How amazing? I don't even LIKE milanesa but it was ridiculously good. - huge plates. By huge, I mean Goliath would eat one of these plates and definitely get the 'itis. The bad:- weak horchata. It's not homemade. Well, they might make it but it tastes like the pre-packaged kind. - Carne asada torta is not made with arrachera. If you're going to give me cecina, tell me. Don't call it arrachera and give me tough steak. - location. Where in the world is this place? I was in Phoenix? I might as well drive to Gilbert. No, nevermind, no one wants to drive to Gilbert.- no alcohol. Don't advertise a margarita and then tell me afterwards that it's alcohol free. I always start out with 5 stars. I took one off for them messing up my order (I asked for no avocado and they gave me extra avocado), and one off because the carne asada steak wasn't so great. It should be half of one but blame yelp. Will I be back? Whenever my little aztec warrior princess stomach needs milanesa, I might just drive up here for it. It's that good.
5	After reading all the great reviews about this place I had to check it out.               Well I'm officialy in love with Los Reyes de la Torta!Stopped in on a whim and never wanted to leave.The queso was thick and creamy and just GOOD.The torta is the biggest I've ever seen so full of flavor that hit you one after another.I almost felt bad paying them so little for such a huge meal,so I tipped generously.       So the next time your there look around,that brunette you see in the corner with a sleeping bag is me moving in and never leaving.
5	So I was like a lemming trying this after Man vs Food when recently visiting Phoenix.  But......  the kid is right.... everything on the Del Rey torta works together.  And it is HUGE.  And it's great too.  Wonderfully constructed, just enough of everything and not too much of anything.  I also had the watermelon juice (interesting, huh)?  One strange thing.... first Mexican restaurant I've ever been in that didn't have chips and salsa.  Only real downside is that the service is a bit slow.  But they're slammed and deservedly so.
4	It's now been a day later and I've finally awoken from my food coma to write this review.  I first saw this mentioned on Man vs. Food and figured if it was good enough for a food critic to give a thumbs up, it was worth a shot.All four of us ordered the Torta del Rey but on the back of the menu I see this extra entry that says "Extra meat on Torta $4", so I ask the waitress if what Adam had gotten was a del Rey with extra meat to which she confirmed in the affirmative.  So that is what I order, my less adventurous companions all order just the regular del Rey.15 minutes later this meat Juggernaut on a plate surrounded with Ruffles chips is before me.  This is the most massive thing I've ever seen and could definitely be a front runner for an eating competition.  The sandwich was about 8 inches long and would say about 5-6 inches high.  It towered over my coke can as I, my friends, the waitresses and many other customers came by to take pictures of this gargantuan meat monstrosity.  Everyone elses torta was cut in half, mine was sadly not but held together with two skewers.  All the layers of meat inside of the torta were succulent and delicious, the size did make for a bit less enjoyable experience since each bite had to be performed in a quadrant so all the available flavors could not be combined but were segmented.  I was probably good with only half the torta, which was about a pound, but goaded by everyone around I put on my Torta Warrior face and finished the other half much to everyone's amazement.  The chips don't seem to go well with the torta, would rather have had tortilla chips to dip in the salsas provided.Overall a very inexpensive place to eat and for a little more you can probably feed two people off one sandwich.  A must experience for anyone in the north valley.
5	I am a trend following hipster I will admit. I had no idea this gem existed. My friends and I have been on a string of man v. Food eats and this was exceptional. Had the torta del Rey and a resulting coma. Loved it and will be going back.
4	Had lunch there today and was pretty danged impressed with my torta.I had the Norteno, which was steak, cheese, tomato, avocado and a fried egg.  It was really tasty.   And quite a bargain at $6.99 since I could barely finish it.Service was quick, friendly and excellent, even though it was the lunch rush and they were at capacity.  Pleasant atmosphere also.
4	After reading the reviews, and having a friend tell me there was a restaurant near me that Man Vs. Food visited, I had to try it!  I was not disappointed one bit!  The Torta Del Ray, is AMAZING, 3lbs of awesomeness!  I didn't know until I bit into it, that there is actually a hot dog in it... lol.  This place knows how to make a torta, and how to make customers keep coming back.  I will continue to visit this place regularly.  You cannot beat the cheap price, for the large amount of food!
3	i saw this place on Man Vs Food. i've been to numerous restaurants that Man Vs Food and Diners,Drive-ins, and Dives has been to. the place looked great on the show. this is a small, very crowded place. i went during lunch. i have mixed reviews. the food was very authentic and good. i was very disappointed that they don't serve salsa and chips and you can't even buy them as a side. they have a large, extensive menu, but it was somewhat aggravating to read because it was a giant mish mash of foods and pictures and most everything was in spanish. so, yes, go for the food. it's cheap. authentic. no chips and salsa at all. i didn't order anything alcoholic, but the margaritas were huge. everyone was drinking some kind of fruity mixed drink and they are all very large. would i personally go out of my way to go here, no. good, yes.
4	Fun!  That's how I'd describe our experience at Los Reyes De La Torta.  Picture it - a lazy scorching hot Sunday in Arizona. We had already met our beer quota for the weekend and needed to dry out.  What to do besides Netflix or DVR?  My fiance suggests a cheap lunch at Los Reyes de la Torta.  Sold!!Forget the fact that, yes, we DID find out about this restaurant via Man vs. Food.  It just seemed too tempting NOT to try it since Adam actually visited a restaurant in the 602!  We knew what we were getting into - a huge torta big enough to feed two!  We were ready!Upon arrival - it looked packed!  Although located in what people might describe as a "sketchy" area of town, we never felt that vibe.  Just an eclectic mix of people, families, couples, kids, milling around outside.  We thought for sure we were in for a long wait!Wrong!  First off - the restaurant is actually bigger than it appears.  There were three different sections for diners to eat.  We were seated immediately at a table near the entrance which suited us just fine. We already knew what we wanted.  One Torta del Rey please!    We decided to share it - I knew I just wanted a taste (my body is not accustomed to that much meat at one time).  The waitress took our order in a matter of seconds.  Such prompt, and friendly service!  We knew it must be an authentic hangout because a bulk of the wait staff spoke broken English.  always a good sign - like when I go to an authentic Chinese Restaurant.  I expect the staff to be incomprehensible.  I also look for other Asians in the restaurant as validity.  Los Reyes de la Torta definitely seemed like a locals spot - very authentic - which made us like it even more.So - within about 5 minutes - our order was up!  And OMG was it great!  Huge torta - layered with meats.  I won't list them because most of our fellow yelpers already have - I just want to say that the flavor was amazing!  Such a good deal and so much meat for only $7.99.  Served with potato chips and two different kinds of salsas (green and red) red being my favorite because it was spiciest.  Very very good salsa.  The awesome thing about sitting in the main area by the entrance was that we had full view of the kitchen.  My fiance and I stared in awe, watching how fast the chefs were able to churn tout the food.  Everything was made fresh - we wondered how many of the Torta Del Reys they actually cook each day! Most people ordered that.The reason for the four stars is because although the sandwich is HUGE as is - there is an option for extra meat for a cost.  Of course - this is what had been served to Adam in the Man vs Food episode.  There is  a definite difference as to what was aired on TV.  We decided not to order extra meat this time around - and to save that for a time when we could go with a group of people.  Again the torta is meaty enough as is, the extra meat version be fun to do as a challenge with friends.Overall a super fun time and a great experience.  Fast, friendly service and good fresh food.  Oh - and clean! Super super clean!  That was a surprise.  I've been to enough sketchy Chinatown restaurants and have become somewhat immune to that dirty feeling - but this restaurant was definitely well kept!  They also serve a huge selection of frozen drinks (both alcoholic or virgin) that I want to try next time!Definitely give Los Reyes a try - or if you want a fun experience - take a group!  The food alone is entertaining enough!
5	Saw this on the show "Man VS Food". I had the regular Torta Del Rey and my wife had the chopped chicken quesadilla. Both our choices were delicious. Her quesadilla was tender and huge. The torta was...well...is "huger" a word? This sandwich had everything on it...literally. Breaded beef, chorizo, chopped chicken, beef strips, cheese, tomato, avocado...and all topped off by an egg! This thing was a good four inches thick. I wound up taking half of it home and it was almost as good reheated as it was fresh. We got out for less than 20 dollars and felt very satisfied. We WILL be going back!
4	I admit it.  I found this place through Man vs Food.  It did live up to the hype and not just for the tortas.  But first, let's start with the tortas.  I can only speak for the torta del rey and it was as huge as the one on TV.  The mix of meat along with egg, tomato and avocado was delicious and the taste very unique.  Something that does not get enough attention is their large selection of fruit juices and smoothies.  Since I couldn't decide between all the juice choices, I got a plain old pina colada.  It was really good - not too sweet.  My friend was more adventurous and got some drink named _?_eskimo_?_ - also very good.  Next time I go back, I will definitely try a fruit juice.  They had a lot of fruit in their fridge so it should be good.  Another plus is their 99 cent ceviche tostada.  It is a small tostada topped with shrimp ceviche and a slice of avocado.  Very refreshing and a great way to ease yourself into consuming a torta.  Lastly, the service was good and the inside of the restaurant was bright and clean.  There is no reason not to go back.  Remember to bring your appetite because the sandwich is quite filling.
5	After hearing about all the hype about this place and seeing it on Man V. Food i just had to try it out. And let me tell you this Los Reyes de la Torta lives up to the hype!These are the best tortas i have ever had in my whole life and have not found a place better than it in arizona. My personal favorite is the milanesa it just reminds me of my childhood eating breaded steak almost every night for dinner. They use great quality ingredients and they dont skimp out on them and thats what makes this place so great!Their drinks are awesome too! The agua de fresas is the best thing ever! its so refreshing and tasty its the perfect thing to wash down your torta with. Los Reyes de la Torta is definately the king of tortas so make sure you try this place out.
4	I will have to admit that because of the location and unfamiliarity of it, I was somewhat apprehensive about trying Los Reyes de la Torta. Now, I am so glad I did. This Mexico City style Mexican food was not only tasty but 1 Torta would have been more than two people with a good appetite could eat. I had the Torta Del Rey, filled with beef, pork, ham, chorizo, cheese, a fried egg, and then topped with avocado, beans, tomatoes, onions, and jalapeno. At first I thought it was an unusual combination but I was wrong, it was very flavorful. I will definitely have that again! The location is in a small strip mall and parking is limited. This is a great neighborhood restaurant and the price is more than reasonable!
5	Everyone I have told about this place is like "wtf is a torta."  I have to bring  them because it can not be described it has to be experienced.
5	This places was great we had the torta and some street tacos.  It was great would go back again.
5	I'm pissed. Now that Man vs. Food has shown my favorite little hole-in-the-wall spot to the world, word is officially out!  I've actually had to -gasp!- wait for a table. Twice. Ugh. ;)Seriously though - how could someone not love Los Reyes?  They have prompt, courteous service and the food is awesome.  Portions are large, and we always end up with food for the next day.  I love that the waitresses always remember to put extra salsa in the take-out bag.  It is some tasty stuff!Favorites of ours include:Mexicana TortaChicken Tinga Quesadilla del EstiloHawaiian tacos - I love pineapple and ham in anything! Carne Asada tacosLime Agua FrescasMango/Coconut Licuados Do yourself a favor and get yourself down to Sunnyslope to check this spot out.  The prices are ridiculously good, and the food is authentic and just freakin' delicious.  Don't miss it.
4	After much prodding from a favorite client to try this place, my husband and I went on Saturday night.  We were seated right away and for being where it is,  it was pretty OK inside. Our waitress was very nice and attentive the whole meal. I had the king tacos ( client's recommendation) and they were Delicious, 3 soft tacos with really good chicken, I don't know what they marinate it in but moist,  flavorful and cooked to perfection, perfectly sauteed onions on top with just the right amount of cheese. I had the horchata and it was excellent. Husband had the Del Ray of course and it kinda grossed me out a bit but he enjoyed it, I had a bite and that was enough, it was huge so he took half home and enjoyed the rest for breakfast the next day, he also ordered a side of beans and they were really good and not your  typical refried beans,  they were a white bean with a little cheese on top, Yummy. he also had the vampiro to drink, it was beets and other veggies juiced and he loved it, it did look just like blood. all in all it was really good andwe will definitely go back.
5	Very good and very authentic. I had the same torta Adam had on show Man vs. Food, I think it had the whole kitchen in it! But it was really and I could only finish half the torta.
4	Very good experience at Los Reyes de la Torta! Their service was exceptional and very friendly. They make you feel at home. I had the Torta Del Rey and shrimp ceviche. The portion size of my Torta was humongous!! It included: breaded beef, pork, ham, chorizo, fried egg, cheese, avocado, beans, tomatoes, onions, almost everything but the kitchen sink! It was ok but my breaded beef and pork were over cooked, so it made my torta dry. They give you a red and green homemade salsa to put on it. The shrimp ceviche was FANTASTIC! So good I had to get some to go! I look forward to coming back and trying a different torta of something else (and the 99 cent ceviche of course). I recommend you try Los Reyes de la Torta, you wont be disappointed.
5	So incredibly good and cheap!I crave the bistec quesadilla. I haven't ordered anything else because it is so good! Great hot sauce, lots of vegetarian options for my hubby. Kids love it! This is a family favorite.
5	Great mexican food, located in a crappy little strip mall but the food makes up for the location.  Nice pleasent atmoshere. Can be crowded but a good sign is that they are expanding their hours.  The Tortas are great, filling and reasonably priced.  The chocolate flan is sinfully delicious.  They have nice marqaritas and crappy beer to wash the food down.
4	I quickly found a parking right in front of the restaurant. I could smell the food instantly. I walked in at noon and was seated immediately in the main room where the kitchen is. I noticed two additional rooms - one to the left that looked like more of a party room with a bar and one room to the right that had a big screen TV in it. The staff was very helpful. I ordered the 3 King Tacos for $8.99. You get your choice of chicken or steak, not both.  The meal is served with guacamole and rice or salad. The orange sauce they serve on the side is HOT!Oh yeah, and the waitresses look half-decent, too, on top of their friendly service.
5	I'm in Los Reyes de la Torta!I'm in, Los Reyes de la Torta!No typos there my eagle eyed friends...I am happy to report that both are (in fact) correct!Differences without a distinction!I was reading a thread about over-hyped places the other day, on Yelp.I wrote something pleasant, but inane and in my haste (doing four things at the same time), I misplaced a comma!Other sharp-eyed correspondents pointed that out to me...and I'm as grateful for the unsolicited correction as I can be!After lamenting my typo (and the very fat fingers that I use to type these little stories), I thought to myself "Donald, why not go to one of these very hyperbolically reviewed establishments and see if you can find that comma"?After all, it has to be somewhere.So, after a busy morning, what with working, building, producing, running, meetings, making money, special "mommy/daddy time" with the Beautiful Carin and so much more (you know..."the usual"), it was off to LRDLT for a Tuesday Retox.I met a buddy (who has here been before and raves about this place) and I was hopeful (so very hopeful) that the place would live up to the hyperbole.I couldn't have taken that disappointment, along with losing my comma.I needn't have worried...the Del Rey Torta was everything I could have hoped for...and much more!The whole menu looked terrific and I noticed that the joint was completely packed (even well before the normal lunch hour got into full swing).Everyone in the place seemed to be happy and enjoying themselves...and why not, the food is cheap and tasty...the service is pleasant and efficient...what more could I ask of lunch?Furthermore, the aroma coming from the kitchen was heavenly (always the first indicator, for me), so I settled in and ordered the King Torta...with a diet coke.As my lunch friend says...Sofa King good!And Sofa King huge...certainly the portions are large enough for a small family to share (I saw multiple examples of people sharing lunches).But I do not share...if anybody tries to grab my victuals, they're going to hear angry growling and see bared teeth.Especially when the grits are this good!On a happy, sunny Tuesday morning, I found that some places really do live up to the hype.And while it isn't Keen's Chop house, or Boulevard, LRDLT is Five Stars for what it is!Oh, after lunch...I found my misplaced comma!" , "Insert it with care!
3	The tortas were ehhh. The salsa was so so. I am not sure if it would eat here again.  Everything was mediocre. Not sure how this place got four and half stars. My three are pushing it.
3	Best Mexican food I can ever remember eating. However, my stomach didn't feel right the next day. My friends that ate with me said the same thing. It felt a little bit like a cafateria inside but nobody seem to care because the food was so freaking good!
4	Soo I was unsure about coming here, but I mentioned to someone I would come. I found out about this place on Man V. Food I think or the internet. Anyway, I came all the way from Chandler to N. Phx to try this place. I was expecting a more quieter atmosphere at the time but they were blasting the soccer game. Also chips and salsa are not provided. The menu has a lot to choose from, I was soo undecided. However, I came here for the Torta del Rey, so thus that is what I ordered. I want to try to carne asada next time. Anyway, I knew it was going to be a huge sandwich. Lo and behold it was presented to me and all I did was gasp. WOW! It was a sandwich plus potato chips as a side (weird).Let me remind you I am a nutrition student, this is far from healthy....ham, cheese, egg, chorizo, pork strips, etc. Great tasting sandwich, but I much preferred it with the green sauce they provided. I downed that first half in no time, but I could no conquer the whole sandwich. Great big sandwich for $9, not bad. Considering I could enjoy the other half later on. I would definitely go back to try the other menu items.
5	Yum. Yum.  Yum.     The burritos here are awesome, as are the sope's, the service is super-friendly and it makes for a great quick lunch or dinner.      My girlfriend absolutely loves this place and I've become a fan as well.     Good food, good prices, good service, I'm there, and I'll be back, again and again.    Their flan is terrific and the selection of tortas and burro's is outstanding as well.     Give this place a shot, you won't regret it, beats the pants off the gringo fast-food establishments like Taco Bell.
4	Anyone who wants to go here....sign me up as your arm candy.  This place was fantastic for what it is.   You can call it Mexican but its not your typical corporate-menu Mexican fare.  The menu is full of ceviches, tortas, and large aguas frescas served in ridiculously large margarita glasses.  I rocked the "Hawaiian", my date rocked the "Mexican."   We had a little ceviche tostada on the side, washed it all down with a pina colada and found ourselves in heaven.  They will be seeing this guy again.
5	We stumbled upon Los Reyes de La Torta from a nearby hotel for some take-out. The food was excellent for all of us, from the 4 year old looking for a quesadilla to the 70 year old vegetarian grandmother. The service was great and the price is right. A perfect way to top off a weekend stay in Phoenix. Thanks!
5	Delicious! Must eat if you are in the area.
4	Great torta! I saw this place on Man v. Food and checked it out. Great torta, super friendly service, kind of dated inside but it lived up to the hype.
4	Great torta nortena. My gf told me about the place, as she saw it on man v food as well.  I was in that area and decided to stop.  The nortena has steak, chipotle mayo, cheese, avocado, grilled onion and don't know what else.The bread was really good. Nice and soft, perfectly toasted. I love sandwiches, but not the panera type places.  My dream sandwich is a Cuban sandwich in a puerto rican bakery.  But, this torta sure gives that a run for its money.  I'll be frequenting this place. Probably the best, most authentic Mexican place I've been here in Phoenix.
4	The first time we ate here i was super excited after seeing this restaurant on Man Vs. Food.  It was very easy to find although there is limited parking.  We were seated right away.  I ordered the Nortena Torta which was filled with Japapenos! Yum.  It was everything i was expecting.  You have your choice of a salad or chips.  My husband ordered the Del Rey which was enormous!  He really liked it as well.  I had a Coca Cola from Mexico out of a bottle which reminded me of eating in Mexico City with my family, although there are no refills.  The waitresses  are very attentive.  The second time we came in we had a great experience as well, but did not really like their Arnold Palmer because it seems that the iced tea is not brewed but a powder drink.  So we sent it back and ordered water instead which they made no big deal out of.  They offer so many different plates and choices. I can't wait to try something new every time i come in.  I can't wait to bring my family here when they come visit.
5	Had been wanting to hit this place up for the longest time since it was on Man v Food. Got there early on a Friday night and sat right down. Ordered the Torta Del Rey. Upon arrival of this beast landing in front of me i downed a tasty coca cola from the recycled bottle. My g/f ordered the torta norteno and pinapple water. the water was very good and tricked me into getting the watermelon water once that was gone. Both flavored waters very falvorful but could be server colder. On to the tortas....The del ray was exactly what i wanted. So big i couldnt even get a solid bite out of it. All the different elements coming together to form a magical flavor party in every bite. The red and green salsas were very good too and added some spice and kick to the torta. The norteno was a simpler and less beast like torta but was very good as well and would get it next time if im not forced by hunger to order the del rey again.Overall this place is a hidden treasure in sunnyslope and will now be on my list of go to places
5	After watching Man vs Food, there was no way we were about to let another weekend go by without checking out this place! About a 5 minute drive from our place, we arrived around 7pm on a Friday night... it took us 10 minutes to find parking! That was our first indication it was going to be good! We were promptly seated in a cozy, nothing fancy table. Families to our left, couples to our right, Marc Anthony special blaring from the TVs, get the picture?This is one of the only places in Phoenix I've been to that doesn't serve alcohol, it didn't take away from the experience at all, but a good thing to know before going. Our tortas were awesome awesome awesome! So reasonable, tasty, authentic. Will be back again soon =)
5	My husband and I are kind of Mexican food snobs -- he grew up in Mexico City and takes grave offense to any kind of bell peppers in his food, which was tough when we lived in Texas.  Because  we've been burned often by Mexican places filling cheese enchiladas with Velveeta and similar atrocities, it's a hard sell to get us to try new Mexican restaurants.  But Man vs. Food (plus several enthusiastic recommendations by our friends) won out, and we had to go to try Los Reyes.  It is amazing!  They have things on the menu I haven't even seen since the last time we visited Mexico City (like alambres) and an amazing selection of food at good prices.  My husband had the milanesa torta; milanesa is one of those foods you think should be easy to make but that can go terribly wrong.  His was perfect, and he had no complaints about anything. They also have an amazing collection of fresh fruit juices, including some of the more unusual mixes like the vampiro.  My sincronizada was terrific.  The service was great, too -- our waitress checked up on us several times, as did the other wait staff.  One word of caution:  the guacamole is really more like just flat out avocado.  It's not bad at all, but it wasn't what I was expecting.  Still, this place definitely exceeded my expectations and we'll absolutely be back!
4	Come hungry.  Really hungry.   The fact that Adam of Man v. Food fame came here to eat should tell you something.  You can feed an entire family of four for like 20 bucks.  The tortas are loaded with protein and even come with lays ruffle potato chips.  They have ceviche tostadas and bebidas liquidos (mango is an all time fave) but you can get something that is healthier involving beets and vegetables which looks cool but tastes like sweetened v8.  It is super busy, happy families, hungry locals, a tv in the corner that is usually playing soccer or some variety show.  Old School Phoenix.
5	The reviews are true, this place rocks in a big way. I've been wanting to try go here for months and finally found the time during a vacation day and was blown away by the food. Incredible flavors, piping hot as it just came off the grill, not from under a heat lamp. My wife and I both had the Torta Nortena, it was huge and delicious! Comes with your choice of chips or salad, get the salad! Fresh lettuce, radish, cucumbers, & a grill jalapeno and onion-mouth watering. The menu is huge and I can't wait to go back and try some of the other dishes. A friend that was with us got a platter and had to bring half of it home. The prices are very, very reasonable for what you get. I'll be taking all my out of town friends here. If they thought Chino Bandito was cool, wait until they get a taste of LRDLT!
4	My first torta ever. It was huge with FIVE different kinds of meat plus egg. Excellent! Ruffle potato chips out of the bag on the side was a disappointment. Atmosphere is nothing special, a little divey, but good service. Will definitely go back and check out other offerings.
5	In being a bit of a burrito man, I was suspicious that a torta could ever marvel a tortilla filled with meat.  However, all of the hype on yelp and man vs. food was appropriate, as the torta provided a massive yet tasty introduction to pork, turkey, guacamole, and a bunch of other hidden great tastes all in one sandwich.  The carne asada quesadilla blew us away-- HUGE in portion, amazing meat, and super flavorful.  I was also glad to be one of the few gringos in this place.  People were friendly toward us in any case.  Check out the horchata for some authentic aguas frescas...
5	It seriously doesn't get much better than this when it comes to Mexican cuisine in North-Central Phoenix. After hearing about this place on Man Vs. Food (as I'm sure many others did), a bunch of us were inspired to try the Torta Del Rey during lunch one day. This thing is monstrous! The size is incredible, and the taste is out of this world! I ate half of it and had to take the rest with me to eat later in the day. Other than the epic Torta Del Rey, this little restaurant is just one of those great hole-in-wall places that has the best food in the area. If you're in SunnySlope for the artwalk, stop by this place before-hand and see how far you can get into the King of the Tortas!
5	My friend showed me the Man vs. Food segment showcasing Los Reyes de la Torta and  so we came to Phoenix for SF Giants Fantasy baseball camp, we decided to try Torta Del Rey.  All the bragging about how big and tasty this torta is true.  I had a fabulous dinner here that was delicious, quickly served, and very affordable.  You would think that the torta would come with some tortilla chips, but no!  Instead, you get a side order of ruffles potato chips.  It's a great combination with the torta.  After a long day of playing baseball, I devoured the torta and the chips with ease.  There are a lot of interesting choices on the menu and it intrigued me.  I wish I lived closer because I would like to try other dishes.  Los Reyes de la Torta...absolutely the Kings of the Torta!
5	Absolutely a delicious blend of flavors. The uniqueness of each type of torta makes the menu enough to entertain my pallet no matter what my mood. I recommend their Aguas Frescas as well. :)
4	Delicious tortas! Very popular spot here on Yelp.  Recently on Man vs Food. This place is definitely a gem.  Wish they served beer haha. Me and my friend ate for under $20(not including tip). Which is pretty decent considering it was a sit down place. This place is worth a day trip if you're in the mood for authentic Mexican sandwiches.
5	This place is absolutely incredible. I've had Mexican food here in AZ, California, Chicago, Mexico and this place is the best. For the value you get an incredible meal that can feed the whole family. The torta must be 2-3lbs at least. It's huge! And under $8. WOW.If you like authentic Mexican food from Mexico City and don't want to spend too much money this place is it.
4	four stars and not five because they sat us so close to the servers station that the servers were bumping into our chairs. That being said, as soon as the food came out all thoughts of overcrowding were replaced by thoughts of heaven! Tortas from the Gods!!!
5	Heard about this place on Man vs Food... went here with my folks who were in visiting from out of town. Amazing waitresses and the food was outstanding!
5	Man, what I wouldn't give to be elbow deep in another Torta Del Rey right now. We were half way through our Phoenix/Tucson Man v. Food tour before we finally made it to Los Reyes de la Torta. We arrived after the lunch rush and got seated right away. Everyone was speaking Spanish so it felt like we were in some exotic locale and not north Phoenix. They don't serve alcohol here but my wife had the Margarita anyhow. It was so good and so was my iced tea. We ordered and tried to make conversation with the waitress but she just smiled and nodded... I really need to bone up on my Spanish. It was a bit of a spiritual moment for me when she came back and laid that giant torta in front of me. After collecting my wits, I snapped a photo and began looking for a handhold to collect my prize. The first bite was amazing... The bun was softer than I expected and had nice charred bits for a distinct barbecue flavor. The layers of meat, cheese and veggies (the avocado was plentiful and fresh!) provided heavenly bite variety and before I knew it half was gone and I was pleasantly full. We packed up our leftovers and wandered the restaurant for a bit before our touristy activities caught the attention of the staff. We spoke at length to a friendly staffer (seemed to have owner-like knowledge) and left feeling like a treasured guest and friend of the family. I miss you Los Reyes de la Torta!
5	Laura and I went in to Los Reyes de la Torta for lunch on our day off yesterday.  We were both really hungry as we hadn't ate all day and it was a good thing because I didn't even finish my plate.  I ordered the cantaloupe agua fresca and the tinga quesadilla.  The agua fresca was awesome full of flavor and even a very nice presentation.  I am a huge fan of chicken tinga so anyplace that serves it gets an A in my book.  This place is another perfect example of that.  The quesadilla  was awesome lots of meat inside along with a great sauce and cheese on the top.  This place rocks and I will be back for sure.  Laura even made the comment this is the first place she has ate at that makes her feel like back home in Mexico flavorwise.
5	This was my first time trying Los Reyes today and it was absolutely amazing. I recommend the torta del norte, it had the most tender steak and delicious chipotle sauce! Can't wait to go back!
4	Had lunch here today for the first time after hearing so many great things  about it. The food is enormous but still delicious. I was worried that with being on TV (Man Versus Food, a personal fave of mine) that the food would be more of a gimmick and less of a diamond in the rough. Much to my party's delight, everything we ordered was tasty and well prepared. The neighborhood of Sunnyslope is a bit rough around the edges, but this is definitely a good find and a reason to visit.For a business/work lunch, food was quick, service was polite and we ate a ridiculous amount of food. I can't wait to try a couple of the other amazing looking tortas!
4	Oh yum, this place, as the other reviewers have raved is great.Their definitely known for their tortas, but a great find in the pork loin tacos as well.  The server was a little surprised when they saw that I had ordered both those dishes.  I finished them both.The Mexicana, carne asada torta, had fresh bread, good mix of avocados and sides making this a great mexican sandwich.  The carne asada was good.  The Pierna, pork loin tacos, were moist and just right.  Good amount of toppings and the salsa was a good addition to the street style tacos.The aguas frescas, I had the papaya drink which was refreshing.
5	With 126 other reviews, there's not much to add. I did want to mention that in addition to great food, the staff is like a well-oiled machine. Arriving just before shift change on a Saturday meant that there were literally a dozen girls on the floor. Servers, bussers, and hostesses. None, not one, of them stood around idle or glanced at a cell phone/PDA. They were a whirlwind of efficiency. Wiping tables, one would move a table - another would sweep under it, while yet another would "turn it" with new condiments/napkins/hot suaces, et al. Same goes for the guys behind the line. A flurry of activity to crank out dish after dish. Awesome job! Awesome.I did ask for a takeout menu, but they don't have any - which is why none exist on the web, I guess. And, I did not snap a photo of the 4-pager myself. Sorry. We did grab a couple of food shots though - check those out.
4	-Food: HUGE portions, very tasty, delicious, & fresh! Good prices.-Tortas come with either a side salada or rippled-style potato chips.-A small accompaniment of red and green salsa...muy caliente!-Service was friendly, but slow (we had to hunt down the waitress to take our order)...they all wore yellow shirts and had a ponytail, so it made it a challenge when we had to ask for the check.-We came in at 11am...but it was already very busy. We were still able to get a table, but they are very close to other tables...unless you want to sit in the lap of another person...-Restroom is very clean.-Pay your check with the cashier up front.-Parking is not so convenient. The spots are very tiny, maybe meant for those Eurpean Smart cars. It's like a normal size parking spot that was split in two...is this to give the illusion of MORE parking spots? Someone parked so close to me, I thought I was going to have to climb into my car through the back window.
4	Great tortas, agua frescas, and tacos! Id give it 5 stars but they don't have beer.
5	Went here while on vacation in Phoneix based on seeing it on Man vs Food. Could not have been more impressed. Food was amazing. Far above expectations.  The torta was huge and delicious. Would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a fantastic authentic meal at a good price!
1	What an over rated plate full of grease.. I hate when I am eating and they come sweep under my feet.. I always feel like all those particles are going to go in my food... Service sucks.. Way way over rated..
5	I love this place.  The waitresses are very attentive and the food is excellent with bountiful flavor.  I always get the pechuga asada but I have had several other selections.  All were excellent.  One of my top 5 places to eat in Phoenix.
5	Awesome. Went here for dinner with the family. Found this place in the Phoenix Magazine top Ten best Mexican food places & I can see why.The service was great. & the torta I had was amazing.
4	WIN It was quite wonderful. The dejected look on my friends face was priceless when they brought out the salsa with no chips. It would have been nice to have but the shrimp quesadilla made up for it. The mango smoothie I had was a little closer to room temp than I preferred but, I'll be back for sure. The burrito gracing the cover of Phoenix magazine is calling me.
4	parking outside is a little annoying, we usually end up driving through the lot 3 or 4 times before finding a parking spot. we've only had to wait to be seated once, and it wasn't too bad of a wait; about 15 minutes.the food is always delicious! the food is the only reason we keep going back because the people inside aren't the best, they usually don't come to offer drinks. they come straight to take the order and we have to order our drink with our food or you won't get a drink at all. then you have to wait to get your drinks until we get our food.usually the waitress comes back a total of 3 times? take order. drop off order. leave check. bottom line -- awesome food.the mexicana torta with chips instead of a salad is where it's at :) yum.
4	I'll keep it simple. We had a couple burritos and chicken tacos. The burritos were good, quite large. But the chef/cook could mix the ingredients a little. Both our burritos had one ingredient on one end and another on the opposite end etc etc. The tacos were piles high with chicken. I have no idea how a person is supposed to eat them with any toppings. There was that much chicken. The restaurant itself is a dive. But ya dont come here for that. Its all about the food. Reasonably priced, especially with a restaurant.com certificate. I will go back soon. I'm anxious to try the tortas.
5	Well, right now I am sporting a very large Del Ray baby and have a huge smile on my face. I just brought home some food from  here and it was fantastic! I of course saw this place on Man V Food and had to give it a try since it was not to far from my house. This was my first time trying a Torta. I actually had no idea there was a Mexican style sandwich and I have been living in Phoenix for 42 years now. Where the hell have I been right? Well, I drove over and walked in and was pleasantly surprised. It was a very nice place. Nice and clean, the staff was very nice and helpful. The place was pretty packed and I had to stand in line for a bit to place my order. I ended up ordering a Del Ray Torta and something else I dont know the name of right now. It was a fried tortilla with beans, pork, lettuce and cheese. Both were extremely good. I had planned to take a few bites of the pork tortilla and put the rest in the fridge for tomorrow but that didnt happen. This thing was great and I ended up eating the hole damn thing. I then started in on my Torta. THIS WAS FANTASTIC!!!! If I would have known I would have started with this first. I polished off half of it pretty quickly. I then sat back and relaxed for a minute before starting in on the second half. This was the end of my partaking for the evening. I realized how incredibly full I was and I didnt think it would be a good idea trying to put anymore down there. I am now sitting here trying to type and breathe and not doing well at either.        If you try this place just make sure you remember one thing, don't order to much because you will eat EVERYTHING you order. Then you will not be able to breathe or move. But your taste buds will love you.
5	After reading Rand's review about a month ago, I just I knew had to check this place out! I stopped by Monday after work with a list of items I'd like to try (I looked at their menu online before coming in). I ordered way too much for my husband & I, but it was my 1st time so I had to try a lil bit of everything. I got the following: shrimp ceviche tostada, carne asada burrito, carne asada tacos w/a side of rice & beans, cheese quesadilla (flour tortilla), carne asada quesadilla (corn tortilla, handmade!) "estilo del rey" style (meaning it's topped with cheese, sour cream & cilantro) & lastly a slice of chocoflan for dessert. I had the tostada, burrito & carne asada quesadilla (over the course of 3 meals, btw) & all were excellent! Although, instead of shrimp I received chicken. It was still delicious but I was excited to try the shrimp, next time. The burrito had a lil kick to it & the meat was seasoned perfectly. The quesadilla was beyond amazing, I don't think I can ever eat a quesadilla again w/out getting it "estilo del rey" style, freakin yum! My hubby had the tacos, cheese quesadilla & half of my burrito. He thoroughly enjoyed everything & made 2 meals out of it. The chocoflan was chocolate cake topped w/a thick layer of flan. I didn't really care for the flan topping but the cake was tasty, super moist! Total for all that food was about $33, which I find totally reasonable. I can say that this is one of the top places for Mexican in Phoenix. I can't wait to return & try all the other yummy things they have to offer!
4	I apologize for not writing this one soon after I ate there. We had read the reviews and everyone seemed to really like the food.This place is not fancy by any means. Very plain but the food.... The offerings on the menu was different from any mexican food place I have been to. Many offerings I have never seen before. My suggestion is go there and experience the food. I have eaten mexican food all over the west from Texas to California and all states between. This was  the best I have had. I loved the menu selections. Not just burritos, tacos, tostadas or a combination of these three. A completely new offerings of items and everything looked good. First go to their website then go. It was hard for me to rate this restaurant. The food was positively a 5. The service was a 4. Not bad service, just not as good as it gets. The store was a 4. Nothing bad just not a 5. So I gave the place a 4. If I could give a 4.5. Go there. Eat! Enjoy. I loved the new food choices. Definitely going back.
5	I admit, I came to Los Reyes de la Torta because I saw it on Man vs. Food and the sandwiches looked awesome. Unfortunately, I did not have the stomach space to partake in the del rey, but I was able to enjoy the milanesa and a giant agua fresca.My milanesa was great - loved the fresh bread and the thinly battered beef. I forgot what the bf had, but his was even better because it was more saucey. Beware of the free salsa because they are both SPICY!!I think even better than the torta was the agua fresca. I had the fresa cremosa - strawberry milk and it was amazing! Oh yeah and they have Mexican cokes in bottles too. The parking lot is a bit small, but there was a guy guiding people on where to park. He was really nice and told us not to park in the neighboring lot or we would get towed.
4	I went to this place with a few friends of mine and they warned be ahead of the time that there may be a line. With that in mind, I left my house 20 minutes late.  By the time I got there, they were barely being seated.  The food was delicious.  The only problem was my waiter didn't speak English.  The agua fresca was amazing!  Must try this place.
4	I came here a while back with my boyfriend after us seeing it on Man v. Food. He had the Del Rey, but again he doesn't have a bottom to his stomach so it only put a dent in his appetite. I had the torta nortena, I have a semi-tolerance for spicy and this peaked over the edge for me but it was none the less great!Just a few notes, when we came here on a Sunday night there was no line and parking wasn't bad but I can only imagine if you come at another time because the parking lot and the restaurant is small. And also there is another restaurant with this exact same name so make sure you're going to the right one!
5	We drove all the way from Maricopa to Sunny Slope after my teenage son and his friend saw it on Man vs. Food (duh). They each got the Del Rey which is a huge meat filled sandwich, the same one Adam ate when he was there. My son finished it and thought it was delicious...his friend thought it was just too much meat and didn't finish his.I had a Beef Nortena which was flavorful and spicy and HUGE! I forget what our other friend had but she was very happy with it. The menu was extensive but we didn't really look it over since we knew we were coming for the Tortas (Mexican Sandwiches). Service was great but do not expect the waitresses to speak fluent English. My kids enjoyed the kids menu too!It really was a TREAT and if we are ever up that way again it is someplace we would go again!
5	Had the Torta del Rey and could only eat half of it.  This was one huge sandwich and all the ingredients really worked well together.  I'm saddened that this place is such a long drive away for me.  And when I'm in that general area I have to choose between Los Reyes and Chino Bandito.
4	Yum, Yum, Yum!  Like everyone else I came here because of man vs. food and the great ratings on yelp.  This place is for sure a "hole-in-the-wall" joint, but at the end of the day what matters is the food.  I found the food to be extremely unique with fatty ingredients, but surprisingly not "fatty" tasting.  In all reality these sandwiches are HUGE.  I personally ate half of a half of the famous torta and some chicken quesadilla and I was done until the morning.  The aqua fresca was also right on point.  I had the pina one and it was delicious.  To sum it up, I really liked this place.  I plan on going back to try some of the great looking mexican food they have.  We didn't have to wait and the service was just fine.  Give this place a try... it is worth it for the experience alone, but the food doesn't hurt - that's for sure.
4	My friend Megan and I stopped by before she flew back to Boston. We started off by ordering a couple of agua frescas. Mango for me and Strawberry for Megan. I usually get watermelon but I was in the mood to switch things up. I was looking forward to a cold refreshing drink but what I got was warm liquid mango. No bueno. I wasn't in the mood to complain so I just asked for a glass of water when I ordered the USA torta. The USA torta has breaded chicken, ham, pineapple, melted cheese, and chipotle mayo. The sandwich was so delicious I don't think I can get myself to order anything else ever again. Megan enjoyed her jamon torta but I don't think it was as good as mine! I really like this restaurant but the food is so filling and bad for you I can only eat here every once in awhile.
5	Oh my goodness!!! Love, love, love this place. I got the Torta Nortena de pollo and my fiance got the chicken tacos and we were in heaven. The food was perfect. Absolutely perfect. And cheap too! This is our new favorite Mexican place. YOU. MUST. TRY... THIS. PLACE.
4	Being in Phoenix for the summer, I decided to get Los Reyes De La Torta a shot instead of La Tolteca, which is a much shorter drive from where I am living. Went at about 6:30 on a Sunday evening with a buddie and had no wait at all. Good atmosphere. Had great, prompt service. Our waitress never let our drinks get below half way and was simply fantastic. Restaurant is in a small plaza but does not feel (and is not) dirty or grungy or anything of that sort. I ordered the Del Rey while my friend ordered the beef tongue torta. Both came out in about fifteen minutes just as we ordered them. Once again, very very good service. The only reason I am not giving Los Reyes five stars is probably my own fault. I got the Del Rey because of all I had heard about it, but probably should have gotten something that is more my taste. However, the sandwich was fantastic, the meat was juicy and tender, and the egg and avocado made it truly enjoyable. No complaints about the beef tongue either.All in all, if you are in the neighborhood give this place a shot. Great service, very good food, and very affordable. I will definitely try to make the drive again while I am in town.
4	Great place to eat.  Would highly recommend it.
3	Saw this place on Man Vs. Food and had read all the yelp reviews about this place. I was expecting a good meal, and it was descent, but I wouldn't say it is 5 or even 4 stars. The food was ok. I split a chicken quesadilla and ranchero beef torta. The quesadilla really can't even be called a quesadilla, there was barely any cheese on it. The torta was ok, but it seemed dry to me. The meat seemed cooked ok, but it wasn't of the best quality. It wasn't too expensive, so that's a plus. Overall, I just thought it was mediocre. Nothing too special.
4	Saw Los Reyes de la Torta featured on Man vs. Food, and had to check it out. I ordered the massive Torta Del Ray and wasn't disappointed. It wasn't the best sandwich I've ever had, or even the best torta, but it was definitely above average.The Torta Del Ray was packed with ingredients and flavor. It had egg, chorizo, hot dog, ham, beans, beef, pork, tomato, and avocado. It was such a large sandwich, it was hard to eat.  Although it was a massive amount of food, I finished the entire sandwich because it was so good. The restaurant had an authentic feel to it as well, which enhanced the eating experience.
5	The only reason I shy away is because I can never finish a meal there!  I love this hidden gem of a place.  Torta's are ginormous and delish.  I did not find the place dirty, one of the first things I judge a place by.  The staff are friendly and helpful.  They cook their food to order so it is definitely not Chipotle fast, thats what makes it so good!  Not your average run of the mill Mexican food place so don't expect the usual boring fare, expect A LOT of awesome tasting food at great prices, and they have kid friendly choices to boot!
5	What an excellent lunch I had here! Rand H. organized a little UYE for this place with Mike C., Robyn N., Arlin B. and myself. The establishment is in a rather cramped commercial strip but the restaurant itself is quite roomy, although it doesn't look it at first when you enter. I ordered a ceviche appetizer; this was the best ceviche I've ever had -- I would come here just for this! For my entree, I had the bistecas y huevos with rice and beans; it came with sides of avocado and Mexican cheese. I also had a refreshing glass of mango agua fresca which accompanied the meal perfectly. Great food, great prices, and great service even when the place is busy - no wonder this place is so popular.
5	This is by far the best Mexican food on this side of the Valley and maybe even the whole valley. The food is delicious and fresh, the service is excellent and the prices are GREAT! I've brought real Mexicans to this place and they love it. Man vs Food didn't even need to come and plug this place, it's great either way.
4	Tried this place based on a tip from a friend at work and glad I did. I tried the Del Rey which is thier largest sandwhich, Ham, melted cheese, pork sirloin, breaded beef, sausage, chorizo, tomato, lettuce, avocado, eggs and who knows what else was on there. I could only eat half. Now I have never had a Torta before so I have nothing to compare it to, But it was delish, my wife has a burrito which she also liked. Service was excellant, very friendly staff. They were playing Vicente Fernandez videos on the flat screens why we were there for luch providing some background ambience.  For Dessert we had Fresas Con Crema which was to die for. It wasn't on the menu, so just request it.  The only con was the limited parking but well worth waiting to find a parking spot. Can't wait to go back I heard the ceviche rocks.
4	I went here for lunch today.  The place looks just like you would expect and was packed.  I was in a hurry so I ordered my torta to go.  It was like $10 for the torta and a can of soda and it was ready in about 5 minutes.I have eaten a lot of very random and very no-so-good-for-you food in my day but this torta may take the lead.  As I started to chow down on my  Torta Del Rey 3 things went through my mind:#1 - wtf am I eating#2 - my wife is going to kill me for setting my diet back 2 years and clogging my arteries even more#3 - how the fu*k am I supposed to eat this thing without getting it all over my shirt and pants.I am a torta virgin and I think this might have been my first legit torta experience.  I have never in all my life seen a sandwich with so much sh*t piled on.  I took one bite like a normal sandwich then I gave up for fear of making a complete mess of myself.  I stuck to the fork and knife method which worked much better.Anyway, the taste of the torta is just ok because there really isn't much flavor going on.  To be honest I was expecting an explosion of flavors from all the stuff on the torta but it was just eh.  The hot sauces (both red and green) were great and added to the flavor.  I would go back but would probably not have the torta.  The rest of their menu looks pretty good and authentic but after tasting their flagship cuisine; I'm not expecting greatness.I'm giving this place 4 stars because of the uniqueness (at least to me) and authenticity of the food.
5	Saw the man v food episode so we dropped in. Many menu choices. Shared steak torte and carne esada burrito which were both delicious. They also have several fresh juices which was very surprising. V8 juice was very refreshing. Highly recommend and will definately be back .
4	The best shrimp ceviche I have had so far. The tortas are great. Loving the tacos, the best one in my opinion is the beef. Tried lengua and cabeza tacos, they're good, I ended up adding more salt. Aquas frescas are very refreshing.
5	Service was friendly and pretty timely for a busy Friday night.  The food was delicious.  A mountain of meats, spices, Veges, and yumminess.  So filling even having split the el Rey.  The mango crema drink may have added a bit to the fullness effect.  My 13 yo daughter asked why all the waitresses were so pretty.  "it's their thing"... They run a swift machine and they do it well
2	I recently visited Los Reyes de la Torta.  This was my second visit, which was definitely disappointing compared to the first.  The aguas here are DELISH!! They make a great summer drink, especially in this AZ heat.  I had the agua de sandia (watermelon), and my boyfriend tried the agua de fresa (strawberry) cremosa.  For the cremosa drinks they mix it with Carnation and sweet cream, and I have to say this is one of the thickest ones I've had before.  We ordered the queso fundido with jalapenos which I was really looking forward to.  However, this was a huge disappointment.  The waitress placed the plate down and I noticed that they served it with tortillas rather than tortilla chips.  I grabbed a piece of the tortilla, and went to scoop up some gooey queso fundido...except it wasn't gooey.  It was a gelatinous, almost solid bowl of cheese.  This didn't seem right to me.  We asked the waitress to warm it up some more, but it came back the same.  After asking her about it, she said they don't serve your traditional queso fundido.  They use mozzarella cheese which doesn't really melt to well...For dinner I had an order of the coctel de camaron (shrimp cocktail).  They are very generous with the shrimp.  Actually that's all that was really in there.  I would have preferred a little more avocado and  to have some cucumber in there was well.  I wouldn't mind giving this place another shot, especially for their awesome aguas.
5	This is a great Mexican food restaurant. Very authentic, I felt like I was in Mexico! The food is amazing the servings are huge and the price is cheap! Just wish it wasnt so far from my house.
3	Fun idea.  Crazy interesting combinations thrown on bread.   We went after seeing on Man VS Food but I was less than blown away.   I think you should go, just don't plan on having the best quality food of your life.   The overall experience was fun.
4	This is some artery clogging bowel busting goodness.The big, juicy Amber Rose-esque torta del rey will make Yeezy jealous.  Meat, meat, and meat stacked up high.Paired with a cantaloupe aqua de fresca and you have a winner.I'd only hoped that the chorizo was cooked a little more to a crisp, but with all that stuff piled on it's hard to notice.  Also, it's a mexican joint, no?  How about some tortilla chips instead of ruffles, or am I missing something?  That's like eating my pho w/ spaghetti.But it's cheap and service is good and worth a stop just to experience the Man v Food tour.
5	This place makes me wish I live in the Phoenix area.  If we had one of these where I live, I would surely be close to 300 lbs in no time.  The food is simply amazing.  Simple, flavorful, and very good portions.  Try finishing their special torta for a quick check on the portion size.
5	My grandma lives like 3 blocks away and i had no idea man vs. food had been here i know a lot of places are way too hyped up to be on the show but this one makes perfect sense. I was extremely shockingly surprised. I did not come in to sit down and get the full on experience but some day i can promise you i will be back again to get the amazing Del ray torta. Like the past review by JT M. I am kind of glad i do not live very close to my grandma otherwise that would make me gain an extra 15-20 lbs at least probably. Before i ordered i was seriously contemplating all these crazy items together in one sandwich trying to figure out if all these things would be good together. But i took the chance and am pleasantly happy with my decision and so is my boyfriend as well.  He would sneak bites when i brought it over to his friends and was like "theirs a hot dog in here!" i was like weird ya i know. But its all perfect together. I cannot wait to go back to try all the different agua frescas flavors. especially the horchata because that is my personal favorite. All i know at this time is the food is amazing and i cannot wait to go back.
2	I have only tried this place once. My boyfriend and I saw it on the food network channel DDD so we decided to give it a try. Our food was ok, nothing fabulous but not bad either. There were a lot of flys inside, the beans were very watery, the meat on the torta had good flavor but was missing "something". We might give it another try, maybe we didnt order the right thing.
4	Finally decided to check this spot out and they did not dissapoint! I got the Torta el Rey that basicaly had everything you could fit on a killer toasted talera roll. It had pork, hotdog, beef, ham, cheese, avocado, tomatoes and probably a few hundred other things. The sandwich was around $8 and WELL worth it. I can't wait to go back and try a more "normal " torta, but I"m alllll in
4	These guys are taking tortas in some bold new directions.  A slight nod to these sandwiches over those by other purveyors like Tortas el guero.  On a personal note:  Tortas to me are the Krispy Kremes of the sandwich world.  The first few bites are an incredible and unexplainable bliss but the last few are full of guilt and a prelude to an upset stomach.  Maybe that's why I always prefer the simplest tortas that don't overshadow the bread.
4	My husband and I went on a long hike nearby and yelped for something quick and delicious when we were done. I recognized Reynas from Man vs. Food, so we decided to give it a try. We weren't disappointed. The frescos and totras were amazing! Perfect for after hiking! We live in Seattle and have nothing that compares. The servers were so sweet and took great care of us, the food was delivered very quickly.I can't wait to return and try the ceviches. We will definitely be back next time we are in town.
4	Been to this place 3 times now and it's very, very good. Just let you know, your not going for the dining exprience. Your going for the food. This place could use some updating, but everything else is good. The food is great and the service is good. I'll be going back soon.......
5	Best Torta in AZ. I am in love with this place. I haven't even tried anything else, I love their Torta's that much.
5	Los Reyes de la Torta has the best Mexican sandwich as advertised. The deluxe torta with a lime agua fresca is just about all you need when you're hungry and want some great food. Not fancy, but it's clean, the people are friendly, the kitchen is open (and again, clean) and best of all the food is really good. The interplay between the meats on the torta are wonderful. The place doesn't look like much from 7th Street - in fact we drove right past it the first time - but turn in and enjoy. Highly recommended.
3	I ordered a Torta Mexicana and three asada tacos to go with the anticipation it would the best kept secret. I have to say the Asada had no flavor. The bread was good with the torta all the ingredients are as fresh as your gonna get. The food smelt better than it tasted. It wasn't bad , but I don't think I would come back for more. I really don't get all the hype.
1	Mind you - if my fiance could pick his last meal, it would be a torta - hands down.Los Reyes de la Torta?  Overhyped and under delivered.We ordered to go, so maybe if we actually ate there, it would've been better?  Regardless, that shouldn't be the case anyway.  The food was horrible.We ordered the Tortas Del Rey.  The thing is huge, I'll give them that.  BUT it was DRY and lacked flavor.  It had all the bells and whistles.  Unfortunately, the last time I checked bells and whistles (as well as the kitchen sink) don't have flavor.  Neither did this torta. My fiance is Mexican, and well- we know what a torta should taste like.  This was nowhere close to that.  Not even reaching substandard levels.  Came with chips.  It was to go, so why do they pack the chips in the same container with the hot torta.  Soggy chips!  Yeay, what a treat.  I ordered their king porkchop.  The spice was definitely there, but that was it.  Just a burning sensation in your mouth.  No other flavor.  The porkchop was dry as can be and severely overcooked.  It was like eating cardboard.  Rice and beans weren't seasoned.  Seriously?  And service?  Abysmal.  These girls working the front counter and "serving" have got a lot to learn.  What a disappointment.
3	Cheese Fundu - AMAZING!! I had a steak sandwich and it didnt wow me. Cheese Fundu- AMAZING!!! Because of this dish alone I would go back. The King Colada was also great..However, when you're thinking about where to go eat...this place a "Cheat Day" place. Unless of course you are working on a muffin top, then hell you should eat here everyday. Im just saying.. healthy.. this place is not!
4	I finally tried this place. I had no idea that it was on that show with that chubby guy who eats way too much. The owners are sure proud of this. I had the Torta Cubana which was delicious. The 2nd best Cuban sandwich I have ever eaten. The best one is at Cocina Express in Rocky Point but I digress. Parking lot is terrible and inside was packed. Enjoyable except for the two Chicago assholes sitting next to me who bitched the entire time about how everything in Chicago is better than Phoenix.
4	I was craving fruit for breakfast, so when my boyfriend pulls up at a Mexican restaurant, I was a little skeptical. I was wrong! Fully admitting this. The big fruit platter with honey was so fresh and perfect. I had a mango juice that was literally pureed mango. Amazing.  Boyfriend had the Huevos Rancheros. Also mui bueno. I guess this joint was on Food Network for their gigantic burger. Man v.s Food.... That guy. So, funny thing is, his face is plastered all over the restaurant, including on the servers shirts!! It's cool that he could give them the spotlight they deserve!
1	Horrible disgusting food will never eat here again regardless if Man vs. Food thinks it's legit WRONG!
4	Okay, okay, I didn't get it and now I do. After our first experience, my husband returned and had the torta. He claims it is the BEST sandwich he has ever had--this is a big deal for my DH because he loves a great burger, but he LOVES these tortas. So I decided I had to try this place again, and I am so glad I did. We have ordered tortas to-go several times, and they are great every time.
2	EwwwwwAre people just giving this place good reviews bc they want to pretend like they're super cool and are totally down with hole in the wall places in the hood?? Bc this was seriously nast. We ordered the queso w chorizo and that was bomb, I'll give them that.Our food came out, I had one bite of my chilaquiles and was like ready to spit it out. The green sauce was creepy and the steak was very off in flavor and not seasoned at all. I asked for a to go box and boxed up the steak to feed my dogs. My friend ordered their torta. She was like 'I can't tell if I don't like this bc it's gross or bc I'm full' I tasted it and was like 'bc it's gross.' she called me today to tell me she tried eating it for breakfast but threw it out bc it was nasty. We'll be sticking to the torta from Gallo Blanco, bc even though their service sucks, at least their torta is amazeballs. Seriously some of the grossest food I've tasted. The staff was friendly and the place was clean and packed. I just personally find the food super nasty.
1	Sat at table for almost 10 min before server came just for drinks.... then.... no beer!? What's Mexican food without Corona or Dos Equis?! Add no children plates and it was a bust... we left for another place. Soooo...FYI... not kid or alcohol friendly
4	I went here with my dad for lunch a few days ago and it was seriously tasty. We split the torta nortena with chicken and the chicken ranchera torta and both were delicious. My only complaint was the nortena's bottom half of the bread was soaked through so I had to eat it with a knife and fork, but the flavor was spicy and delicious. The ranchera was even better, it had a lot of flavor for being a more simple sandwich. I would definitely come back here again....
3	Been here twice, one for dinner and once for lunch. Seems to stay pretty busy around the clock, pros ~ Multiple seating areas, very friendly staff, huge portions, cheap prices and the agua frescas are a must try, soo delicious. Cons  ~ low quality meat used in the tortas, no chips and salsa (potato chips only) and no alcohol.In my two visits I tried the steak nortena which was really good, and the Del Ray which was just foolish on my part, left feeling completely defeated. All in all ill def. visit again, I'll just be very selective of my food choices.
5	Well, I don't think I'm "super cool" for liking this place, but I guess I am "totally down with the hole in the wall places in the hood." Just playing Samantha O. :)Really though, I think Los Reyes de la Torta is fantastic! I went last week for the first time in about a year and I forgot how good it is. All I've had so far is the Torta Nortena (with the steak, not chicken) and the steak tacos. Both were incredible, especially the Torta Nortena, which has grilled steak, onion, jalapenos, melted cheese, chipotle, tomato, avocado, and chipotle mayo. It's huge and it's fucking awesome. I haven't had a burrito here yet, but after seeing what the patrons at the next table had, it's on my to-do list. The burritos were about the size of my forearm and looked delicious. Los Reyes de la Torta may be famous for their King Torta seen on Man Vs Food, but to be honest I'd never get that one. It has way too many kinds of meat and it's total overkill. But hey that's me, maybe you'll like it. Eat this sandwich in under 15 minutes and it's free.In case this video hasn't been posted already, check out the 2 minute clip of Man Vs Food at Los Reyes de la Torta here:http://www.travelchannel.com/video/a-sandwich-fit-for-a-king-11276
2	After eating here, it all boils down to one term, mediocre. Me and my fiancee both purchased a torta, and while service was excellent, the food was just, well, average. One thing that hit me was how low quality the ingredients were, the meats tasted like they were purchased in the lunch meat aisle at a supermarket, and brand X meat at that. It didn't taste fresh, and in my sandwich's case (the La Reyna) like they used the cheapest sausage they could find. The breaded chicken on the sandwich had extremely sweet and cheap tasting batter on it. Even the egg tasted like it came out of a carton. Perhaps I just picked a poor sandwich, but my fiancee was not a fan of the Del Ray either, one of their favorite menu items.Since I do not want to focus on the bad, our drinks were constantly attended to, the food came quickly, and for the price vs filling your belly was positive. Then again when you use such, apparently, cheap ingredients it is no wonder they can keep prices low!It was a unique experience, just to see the massive sandwiches but we will not be going back.
4	Went there today for lunch for the first time and had the del Reyes torta. I was full after one half of this monster. But was very good.
4	I don't always eat tortas. But when I do, I prefer Los Reyes. Actually, I've never tried a torta before last night -- and to think, I used to call myself a cultured Mexican food aficionado.This place is bomb, that's all there is to it. I had the pechuga asada torta (bomb), side of guacamole (so bomb), pineapple agua fresca (way bomb), and half of my girlfriend's estillo del rey quesadilla (SUPER BOMB). The guacamole was some of the best I've ever tasted, although I heard some complaints about an overload of cilantro. Man up, cilantro is awesome.The prices were a little high from what I would expect out of a dinky little Mexican restaurant, but I guess after you're featured on Man vs. Food you're allowed to overcharge. Or if your food is this damn good.The next time I go, I'm definitely going to scoop up a strawberry agua fresca -- I tried my friend's, and it was... you guessed it, turbo bomb. It's a little bit of a drive from North Scottsdale, but any man will drive a few extra miles for some good tacos.
5	Still le merd.   Took 3 newbies today and they were blown away.  Superb lunch.Ranchera Especial is a favorite of mine.The Norteno de pollo or res is killer.Anything named Alambre.Yum
5	Your huevos rancheros is my absolute favorite!  My husband and I have been on a search for really good huevos rancheros and yours tops them all.  I love the scoop of avacado on the queso fresca and the big chili that is included.  Yummy
4	Since moving to Phoenix about 7 months ago, we were having a hard time finding any great mexican food....until now! This place is very good, great prices and very friendly staff. Highly recommended!! We have been here a couple of times since finding it 2 months ago...have loved everything so far.
5	Like a lot of people, I went here because it was seen on man vs. food. I was not ready to try the challenge or the sandwich. It looks like too much is going on in it. I had half the torta nortena and torta nortena del polla. They were both satisfying. The salsa provided gave it the right amount of flame. The restaurant has an open kitchen setting. Going to a mexican restaurant, i was set on getting some chips and salsa. To my disbelief, I had noticed plates with ruffles chips on them. Couldn't they just cut some tortillas up and deep fry them? I'll probably be back to try another torta or some other entree.
5	I won't lie .... I saw this restaurant featured on Man vs Food and had absolutely ZERO desire to eat here.  The sight of the food did not look appetizing to me.  OMG was I wrong! I went here to celebrate a co-worker's promotion and I absolutely raved about it for the rest of the day.  I had the Alambre de pollo Torta and I couldn't have been happier.  First off, the torta is massive. The only reason I got as close as I did to finishing it was because it was so amazing, I couldn't put it down.  Second off, well, it's amazing.  The only downside is that it gets crowded easily because it's still a pretty small place and because we went at lunch, it took an awfully long time to get our food ---- granted, we were a party of 8 so I'm not surprised.  I would definitely go again and would DEFINITELY recommend it to someone who's hungry!!
4	I only give it 4 out of 5 stars, cause it's always crowded. Went here this past Sunday with the wife and kids. Food is always great, but they could do with expanding this place. The table was small and right in the middle of all the traffic.
4	Ordered the King Carlos IV.  It was HUGE, two of us ate half of it.  I thought it would be smaller than that.  It had all the major meats plus hotdogs, cheeses, and a siracha type sauce.  I think this was featured in diners, drive-ins, and dives.  It was very good but just wow huge.  It came with a side of ruffled chips.  Very nice people.  The fruit smoothies were good the horchata decent but not the best I've had.  Great bang for your buck though.  I'd go again and try something a bit more sensibly sized.There was a wait of about 15 minutes or so.  Very popular on a Saturday for lunch :)
5	When I brought my 100% mexican staff to this 100% cracker dominated restaurant during lunch, they looked at me skeptically, rolled their eyes, and said something under their breath in Spanish that I knew was derogatory.  Something about chinita and something about mexican food (I can understand bits and pieces of Spanish, since I'm surrounded by my staff more than I spend with my Love and family)   Hold on, give it a chance!  I tell them....They look at me and say, yah, like when you took us to Barrio Cafe, only dirtier and still filled with crackers, only this time, there are more mexican servers.   So, I took the liberty of ordering my FAVE torta in the world, and that would be el Americano and ordered the fresca juices to wash it down.   So, they decided to order the same thing just to humor me....   ....And after their first bite of the giant torta and by the look on their faces afterwards, I was satisfied.   "Si mon!" was their response.  How did you find this place, THEY ASKED ME.... hah.....
5	Yummy, yummy authentic mexican food!Their Tortas are awesome, and so are the quesadillas. I love that the quesadillas have veggies inside.
5	Along with pretty much everyone else who has left a review for this place, I LOVE THIS PLACE. I went to high school in the area and one night my dad and brother wanted to check it out (my brother is a Yelp addict and saw it had amazing reviews). I was skeptical since, driving past, it is your typical "hole in the wall" kind of place, but I was not disappointed at ALL. The carne asada burrito is amazing, even the salad it comes with is great. I think my favorite thing aside from that would have to be the aguas frescas, particularly the orange one...SO good. You probably will not regret ordering a single thing from this menu. I've gone back countless times, one time bringing one of my friends who was convinced that anywhere a blonde gringa tried to take her for Mexican food would be craptastic, but she loved it too.
4	Stop by this place on a recommendation from my 9 yr old daughter who saw this place on man vs food.   We came, we ate, and we're stoked!     I thought coming from San Diego It wouldn't impress me.   But heeeyyyyy,  it did and we were delighted in everything we had.   3 different kind of tortas and an awesome quesadillas.   One thing was weird is the fact they they use ruffles potato chips instead of tortilla chips.  Overall a good place.
5	I've been here once but I'm willing to give it a 4.5-5.0 rating. The food and service were both excellent.Although they are the torta kings, I had the King Steak Tacos and they were perfect. I do know if they're making their own corn tortillas, but it doesn't matter because you're not going to find much better. They used skirt or flank steak and they wisely cut it against the grain. It was super tender and perfectly marinated. They topped the tacos with grilled jalapenos and onions, with a bit of fresh cilantro. No BS shredded cabbage or other whack gringo-garnish. All the tacos come with rice, which I could just sit and eat for a full day. Hands down the best Mexican rice I've had in this country.This is simply central Mexican fare at its best, served in a family atmosphere. I can't wait to try the tortas!
3	Food is ok and very consistent. Stay with the burritos or enchiladas and you should be ok. Don't care for the quesadilla much, it is a very cheap cheese they use.
5	Unbelievably good.  Iwas looking for authentic mexican, and this was it- even down to the soccer game on TV.  The food was homemade and devine.  I wished I lived nearby so I could go back and try everything on the menu.  Staff was very helpful.
4	It is a small hole in the wall kind of place. When we went in today, the place was full of people. The service was good and the waiter was quick. I would give the Place a 3.5 rating.The vegetarian and chicken burritos we ordered were flavorful and delicious.
5	Came here and was not disappointed.  The wait was a little long but the torta was delicious.  I had tried a couple of different tortas but they just do not compare.  I do not know if it is the ingredients, the chefs, or the combinations they have, but there tortas put all the rest to shame.  It is a good things I do not live in Phoenix or I would gain about 50lbs on these tortas alone.  Anytime I am within an hour drive of this place I will have to stop to get maybe one, two, or even three tortas just to satiate my craving.
5	This place rocks.  Food that has great taste and a great price.  We work about 2 miles from this place and it is always the choice for a great lunch!
5	This food is legit.  We ate the Alambre de res, which is a flour quesadilla with chopped beef with bell peppers, onions and cheese and the Torta Nortena Torta, grilled steak, onion, jalapenos, melted cheese, chipotle, tomato, avocado and mayo-chipotle dressing.  Both were fantastic.  The menu is extensive and there really is so much to try.  These 2 were fairly basic and clearly something a novice would order, but it was a good start and a great choices for a first timer.  I want to try the tacos and other tortas that have all sorts of amazing options like ham, chorizo, eggs, avocado and much more all in one torta.  Some of them were so high, I thought for sure the tops were going to fall off and the people eating them were going to bust the button on their pants- no doubt.
5	Incredible authentic Mexican sandwiches. The bread is light, the meat isn't greasy, and the aguas frescas are great!  The only drawback is that they are packed on weekend nights. But the service makes up for it -- helpful, positive attitudes.
5	Holy hell - it's best you just drop in and see what an amazing place this is for yourself. Seriously - WOW! This might be THE Phoenix restaurant to visit if you are from out of town.
5	The first time I went to Los Reyes I ordered the Del Rey (before Man Vs Food)...  That was the last time I ordered it.  I was unaware of what I was getting myself into and was pretty embarrassed when it came to the table.  I definitely should not have ordered 2 of the ceviche tostadas to start!  That being said, the ceviche tostadas were great and for $.99 can't be beat.  The platillo de pechuga asada estan muy bueno, it's really, really good.  I have never been let down by anything I have ordered here.  From the quesadillas to the burritos to the mariscos, everything has been great.
5	Best torta ever!!! La del rey is just an explosion of flavors!!! I wish the grilled onions and chiles werent extra. Do yourselves a favor and buy the restaurant.com coupons. Saves you money when its 3 or more peeps with you.
2	Flavorless. Almost no veg options. Bland hot sauce.My husband likes  it so I have to keep going there.
3	I finally made it here.  I love the feel of the restaurant (family owned, local).  You know those one of the kind places.  Went on a Friday night, it was packed but my friends got a table already.  We sat next to the area they made all the yummy shakes, so we had to speak a tad bit louder to hear each other.  I ordered the: Arizona Torta -  Ham, melted cheese, pork sirloin, breaded beef and eggs.  I had HIGH HIGH hopes with all the excellent reviews.  OH, it was ok, all the meats were bland.  The ruffles chips served with it, just did not flow.
4	Watermelon Agua Fresca was absolutely delicious and the three tortas we shared at the table did not disappoint! Especially when smothered with the salsa they serve. The food was cooked perfectly and absolutely delicious. Only reason for the 4 stars is location (way the hell out there in phoenix, wish it was closer!) and atmosphere. The main room is nice with the kitchen visible but the added on room is apparently where the place all the babies and three 20-somethings? But I definitely recommend this place to anyone!
2	No french fries: strike oneWaitresses are pretty but really slow; not rude but indifferent.They decided to clean the floor around us with a huge amount of bleach: gross fumes :(My torta de pierna was delicious but not so much so that it makes me want to come back.Sorry. I just had a bad enough experience to not want to come back.
4	Definitely the King of the Tortas. I love this place, great tortas and aqua frescas. It was featured on Man vs Food a couple of years ago, mainly on the reputation of their Torta del Rey, an enormous sandwich generally enough for 2 meals for me. The torta milanese is great as is the shrimp tostada. Parking can be problematic at peak lunch and dinner hours (it's in a smallish strip mall). They do take phone orders for take out.
4	The prices were a bit steep, but the portions are humongous. My sister and I split a torta. The tortas were absolutely good, and juicy. The salsa was smokey and added much flavor the the sandwich. The fresh juices were delicious and portions were amazing. A definite jewel in Phoenix. Oh, I wish you branch out towards Los Angeles. (:
5	they started off with chips and 3 different types of salsas, each 1 better than the next, the shrimp ceviche was to die for! I had never had a torta until now and I can't believe I've missed out this place the 8 years I've lived in phoenix... I left this place wanting more. we had the carne asada taco and the steak norteno torta w chipotle mayo grilled onions avacado and tomato! we left this place full as can bee and for cheap! safe to say we will be back!
5	I have been to this place a couple of times.  It is a hole in the wall in Sunnyslope, not fancy at all, but the food is awesome!  This time we had the Torta Nortena de Pollo and the regular size Shrimp Ceviche Tostada (both items shared between two people).  I also had a  delicious pineapple Agua Fresca.  I was glad we did not each order a torta because it would have been too much food.  The torta was very good and the ceviche was heaping and tasty (we ordered it on two tostada shells instead of one).  Great value for the price and service staff was very attentive.  Try it out!
5	I should have written a review long ago but forgot about it.Fact is, my wife and I have been going there for some time and we have found that the tortas are always wonderful.  Today I had the steak torte Norteno.  I can't think of a way that it could have been better.The cheese funditio is also a great favorite.
5	Some of the best food and salsa I've had in a looooong time!  Service also excellent.
3	"Amazing tortas, super cute waitresses, very reasonably priced. Would have liked something other than potato chips though. Homemade tortilla chips maybe?  It's just a shame when they do one thing so well then completely phone in the rest of the plate by covering it in greasy out of the bag potato chips.
4	Made the trek to this unassuming place after watching Man vs. Food showcasing the restaraunt. Hubby and I couldn't resist the temptation of the humongous tortas on the tv. After a studying the menu for quite some time, I ordered the Arizona torta along with a Pina Colada drink. Figured this should fill me somewhat.  The Olympics were on tv, which garnered most of my attention, until the food arrived. It probably took ten minutes or so for the waitress to return to our table with our glorious, fancy, fruit decorated drinks and a moundful of torta goodness. One bite of the sandwich= instant fan. The sandwiches are really large, so even half was enough. I will definitely be back. Next time, I will try the chilaquiles with eggs and steak...mmmm
5	Come here, and you won't need to eat anything for the rest of the day. Seriously. I had my torta around 1 pm, it's 10 pm now, and I am not even close to hungry, This is the place you may have seen in the Food Netowork's "Man vs. Food." I didn't get the monstrosity of a torta featured on the show but instead opted for the El Rey, the first one on the menu. Whoah. This thing was HUGE. And stuffed with every imaginable sort of deliciousness, from breaded beef,  sausages and ham to fried egg, cheese, avocado and a delectable spicy chipotle mayo sauce. The perfect lunch for a 110-degree August day in Phoenix. OK, not really-- I felt like I was going to faint a couple of times. But I soldiered on, and was able to (almost) finish the whole thing with the help of copious amounts of ice water. Oh, it's also worth mentioning that whoever owns this place does not hire anything but the cutest Hispanic girls, all with their hair tied up in perky pony tails. And like most other cheap eateries in Phoenix, you can make it out the door for under 10 bucks and stuffed fuller than a Tokyo subway train. Can't wait to get back to the "Torta Kings!"
5	I am so mad that I have not gone to this place before! The tortas are amazing and I do not have a single bad thing to say about them. This will absolutely be one of my regular places to eat. If you have not gone yet, you should!!
4	everything about my meal was awesome. If you are on a diet and deserve a cheat, this is the haven for you! The ingredients were fresh, the wait staff was friendly, and the prices were not absurd. Everything about this place I enjoy, and I am glad they are receiving all the attention by the food network and news. Sweet greasy goodness, there really isn't much more to say :)
3	For as much hype as this place got from my friends I was expecting some sort of flavor explosion to occur when I ate here. Instead what I got was a wait in a place with limited AC in AZ in the sumer for what was essentially a ton of different meats that weren't seasoned much thrown on a bun. While the torta I got, the del-rey, wasn't bad it also wasn't fantastic. It tasted like what it was a hodge-podge of meats one would find in mexican food all thrown on a bun. It was hard to distinguish any significant flavors and the one I got the most was that of hot dogs. I probably would have held this place up a bit higher if I hadn't gone to a torta place near work a few days later and had a very similar sandwich that actually had some distinct flavor and I didn't have to wait with little AC for it.I might try this again if I lived closer but I am not driving out of my way for this.
5	Authentic, Delicious, Fresh. You will wait a little while but it is worth the fresh and amazing taste. Although drinks took a while to come, the waitress let us know they were backed up. 100% amazing drinks. 100% amazing food. You won't be let down. Every single food piece, from the cinnamom on the pina colada glass rim, to the scrambbled eggs in the Torta, has an authentic  taste. I would know as my mom is from Guatemala which has some similar cooking styles of Mexico.
4	I really like this place. My food was not disappointing. I've had their tortas, specifically their Ranchera de pollo and their Torta Nortena de pollo. I liked that there was a slight bit of heat, not enough to send one running for water and not too little that one would want to douse their tortas with hot sauce. Their tortas are served with a side of potato chips. The tortas are a good size. I can finish a whole one when I'm starved, but otherwise, I take half and save it for later since the serving size was a bit much for me. Next time, I totally need to get some sopes since i have yet to find a good place yet and need to check out their Lengua torta. I have to also mention their aguas cremosas, which are delish; it's a yummy drink/dessert. Also, the staff was nice, the prices were good and its a clean lil place.
5	Simply Amazing!
4	Any old friend took my party here on a recent visit back to Arizona and this place did not disappoint. (Well, except the for the fact there's no beer/wine/alcohol.) My friend and I ordered two giant tortas. I remember mine having steak, pork tenderloin, ham, chorizo and two fried eggs, avocado, etc. It was a heavy sandwich and came with ruffles chips. The sandwich burst with bold Mexican flavors. I washed it all down with a giant order of michelada, with full celery stalk. My sister order camarones (shrimp) and her fiance ordered nachos. Both dishes received high remarks.This place offers traditional Mexican fare and a dozen crazy tortas. My friend said this restaurant can get packed, with lines of people waiting for a  table. It is a place not to be missed.
5	Best mexican restaurant in phoenix! The sandwiches are amazing.. You can't go wrong with one of the many choices. Don't forget to try one of their huge blended drinks.. I'd recommend the apple celery one. There is often a wait here, but it's not long and well worth it. The flan is also a great way to finish your meal!
4	I was expecting to walk into a little fast food dive.  To my surprise, this place is an actual full service restaurant.  It's still kind of a dive, but I was pretty shocked to have a hostess seat me, a waitress serve me, and a bar with a random waterfall-like display for food at the prices that I saw online.  A pleasant treat almost as good as the food.My only disappointment about my meal is I ordered the the tiny torta.  I had the ranchera del pollo; chicken, guacamole, chipotle mayo and cheese.  Very good, and perfect for its price at $7.25, but when I saw waitresses carrying the ridiculously stacked tortas, I have to admit I was hoping mine would be at least close to those.  But I should have known from the short description and cheap price that I was going to get the tinny-tiny sandwich.  My brother ordered a Del Rey.  This awesome monstrosity of a sandwich is stacked with just about every breakfast item you can imagine.  He usually eats healthy, but he enjoyed every bite he was able to take of it (although this was was one of the big ones and he could only manage half).One thing kind of bugs me for some odd reason.  Potato chips as a side seems kind of random.  I know that tortas are sandwiches, but why isn't a mexican place serving tortilla chips?  Just wondering.
4	If you've ever been an inebriated bachelor and piled whatever you found in your fridge in between two slices of bread or into a tortilla, or perhaps a struggling mother who feeds her family a hearty mash-up of Whatever once a week on Leftover Night, then you'll appreciate "The King of the Sandwiches".Don't be afraid of rubbing elbows with your fellow patrons, or of a little grease running down from your overstuffed-torta-compressing hand all the way to that elbow.Try somethign that sounds loco -- it won't be that hard.  A couple of the choices contain basically everything you could think of to put on a sandwich, and then some. Actually, you could get a single sandwich that contains the innards of about a half dozen sandwiches all at once.Epiphany~ LRDLT's Del Rey and Las Reynas sandwiches are essentially the Turduken of torta shop tortas.Enjoy your hotdoghamchickenfriedsteakchickenfriedchickenchorizocheeseavocadoonionporkchopeggjalopenoburgerburritosandwich
3	Where do I begin? I think I had so high hopes for Los Reyes that set the bar too high. I was craving the El Rey and ordered it as soon as I say down. To be honest te torta was just alright. I mean I actually finished it, but I felt like I had to keep eating it to like it more. It was just alright...I wouldn't order it again. I think it just too much going on in the sandwich I couldn't really like it. Now my wife had the carna asalda tacos and they were very good! I found myself wishing I would have ordered the tacos. 3 giant sized tacos good deal for the price. I will actually return to Los Reyes. I want to try the chicken torta next time and some tacos too. I wouldn't rate my experience bad here...just average. Hopefully I'll like it better next time not ordering the El Rey!!
4	I'm starting to have some withdrawal syndrome of true authentic Mexican food.Since I saw on Man vs Food los Reyes de la Torta and I drive by at least 3 days a week, I decided to give it a try.I got by fix to-go so I don't know about the dine-in experience, although while I was waiting the air got a little thick from the cooking.I tried the Hawaiian torta, the pambazo and the milanesa (breaded steak).The Hawaiian was pretty good although the pork element was a little overwhelming. A little off from the Mexican pierna.The pambazo was too moist and the "papas con chorizo" got lost in the other (mediocre) flavors. I would like a kick of chorizo flavor with cubed potatoes, less salsa in the bun, and less lettuce. This was disappointing for me.The best part, the milanesa torta. It, on its own gets the 4 stars for this place. Tasteful, nice portion (could feed 2 or 3), ripe avocado, jalapenos, nothing not to love of this torta.It's good to have something from the Mexican kitchen that it's not tacos!
4	Los Reyes has seemingly gained its reputation for good reason. I had the King Steak tacos and they were awesome and their rice may be the very best I've had in the valley. I've still only had one opportunity eat here but I can't wait to get back and put the tortas to the test!
5	We're back in Phoenix this weekend, ready for some good food and after seeing this place on Man vs. Food, we wanted to be bold and try the Big torta!  We ordered one to share and I still couldn't eat the whole thing.The King Carlos V is the largest sandwich I've ever had, and the layer upon layers of food is endless.  There is breaded chicken, beef, ham, egg, cheese, avocado, tomato, lettuce, mexican sausage, mozzarella and it goes on and on.  It is served with chips and by cutting it into smaller bites, I was able to tackle some of it, but eventually, I had to abandon the bun and just pick apart the layers.  I finally surrendered and quite altogether.  The sandwich was really good, the different layers eaten together were good, however, it is just way too much.  There is a large menu with many other delicacies awaiting another visit.  Good service, very crowded, many locals!
4	Saw this from Man vs Food and had to try it. I like the mountainous tortas with a long list of ingredients. We came and had about a ~30 minute wait.I tried the torta del rey, which was a giant sandwich. So many different meats and a decent flavor. I think having so many toppings might be overkill but I like the novelty.Decent sized place and it looks like it's always busy. I'd like to get the King Carlos torta, just to see it and split it. There were also lots of regular mexican foods on the menu that I'd like to try, but I had to get the famous tortas for my first time.
5	These are the best Tortas I've ever had! The Tortas come with a fried egg typically. Be adventurous, and give it a shot even if its later in the day.
5	For what they advertise, they knock it out of the park with their Torta's.  I am sure there are places in Mexico that can rival them, but in the US I have yet to find a place that can rival the variety and fair prices of these tortas.  I ordered one of their new asada tortas served with salad and grilled peppers and freshly made salsa all was delicious.  The bread they use for the torta is really fresh and taste great.  love the avocados they use as well.  My wife ordered the first torta on the menu torta dela reyes filled with egg, chorizo, avocado, sausages, and pork slices.  Very filling torta for a great price, had left  overs for a filling breakfast the next morning.
5	Best Tortas so far. Good Quality.
5	Ive been coming here for the past 5 years and they have maintained their low prices and great quality food. I lived in Mexico for 10 years and this is as authentic as it gets in Arizona.
5	Listen, don't let the location fool you, this place is awesome... go, go, go... the food, the service, the food, the fooooooddd...! super yummy... super delish.  Listen, you must try it, the place is clean, feels like home.   I super recommend this place, even if you pick it up and take it home... do it, try it.  Try the Torta Nortena beef or chicken.  I love the shrimp tostadas... the hamburgers are amazing too... go, and go soon...
5	When I get a cravings for real Mexican food wrapped in a torta me and my boyfriend absolutely love this place! I've tried several different torta, but my favorites are the Hawaiian and any torta with a lot of milanese!!! Agua frescas are delicious too!
4	Yum, yum, yum!  And I didn't have to don my formals, either!No items are bad here, and cheap too.
3	Ordered the Del Rey.  While it was good, I wish I would have spent a little more time studying the menu because I would have ordered something different.But no would'a, should'a, could'as.  So what I ordered was ok, maybe even a little more than ok.  A few observations...- A really biiiiggggg sandwich that comes out of the kitchen reeeeaaaallllllyyyy hot.  Almost too big and too hot to eat.- The hot dogs (or whatever they were) seemed to be of sketchy provenance.  I pulled them off the sandwich.- The avocado/guacamole on the sandwich was very good.- The bread/roll doesn't hold up to the size and composition of the sandwich...I ended up eating with a knife and fork.  Not complaining...just commenting.
4	Many many torta options and all seem quite big.  The place is in a small plaza and the place looks kind of ghetto.  I'm not into many Mexican foods, but I do like some tortas and tostadas, etc.  I ordered the Del Rey, so I could get a taste of one of their popular choices.  The order came with chips, which weren't that crispy, but the sandwich itself was probably worth the money already.  I think I would've enjoyed it more if I didn't try to finish it all at once, but I didn't have a microwave in my hotel room and didn't want it to go to waste.  I think half of the sandwich would have been enough already.  So make sure to come when you're really hungry.   The ham was a little on the drier side, but the cheese wrapped with the sausage and the beef was really good.  But I think it's better to share it with someone!
5	A yummy Mexican Sunnyslope dive.  The oatmeal horchata is tasty!  THE torta is really an experience!
5	This place rocks, from the Tortas to the burros and ceviche. the ONLY dig I have is no chips and salsa. The salsa you get is awesome
5	This is real Central/Southern Mexican food--del Distrito Federal.  If you don't know what that means, you probably have no concept of real Mexican food (and FYI, burritos are NOT real Mexican food) and need to travel outside of the resorts in Rocky Point, Cancun, Acapulco, etc.  My wife (del D.F.) and I are here every weekend because this is the real deal.  The tortas are equivalent to (and, in some cases, much better than) those to be found in Mexico City (and yes I can say that from experience).  Their quesadillas, sopes, and huaraches are huge and are on-par with everything we've found in el D.F. and el Edo. de Michoacan.  Not sure how they can mimic the authentic taste of la masa de maiz here in the USA, but they certainly pull it off.  All ingredients are fresh, and the meats are juicy and delicious.  Ceviche is top-notch.  If you do want to Gringo/Norteno out, they do have burritos with green and red chile sauceand flour tortilla quesadillas.  Atmosphere is friendly and clean--this is not gourmet, but not a hole-in-the-wall either.  The original 7th Street location is the best we've found in the entire US--bar none.  The Western location leaves a little to be desired in terms of taste and service.  Plenty of wait staff fluent in both English and Spanish, so be patient and they'll take great care of you!  CANNOT GIVE A HIGHER RECOMMENDATION!!!
4	My husband has been talking about this place since he saw the episode of Man Vs Food that highlighted it.It didn't seem appealing to me, so I have been putting him off.  Next time dear.  Well, relationships are about compromise my friends, so eventually I had to give in and take the boy to Los Reyes.My expectations were not high.  I mean, tortas are sandwiches right?  Why get so excited.  And so what if Adam Richman attempted to give himself a heart attach here, I'm not big on the competetive eating circiut so a sandwich the size of my head is not my cup of tea.The store front is in a run down stip mall.  It proudly dispalys a picture of Mr.Richman.  It's a little skeezy.  I prepare myself for the worst.I have an issue with calling something with no tequila a margarita, or no rum a pina coloda.  So, maybe call 'em smoothies.  I am not impressed by the menu.My husband got the La Reyna.  Now, a little background, one of our most explosive fights to date involved what he calls 'sandwich sience'.  I was packing his lunch, 'cause I'm nice like that, and he instructed me that the way I make a turkey sandwich is completely wrong.  He tried to school me in the ways of 'sandwich science' I gave him the butter knife and told him to pack his own lunch.  When my husband recieved his torta I swear to God a single tear fell down his cheek.  The cooks at Los Reyes de la Torta are certified sandwich scientists.  The way they wrapped the chorizo in the egg was probably the most beautiful sight my husband had ever seen.  His expression trumped the one he had on our wedding day as I walked down the aisle.  His silence through out the entire meal, and the fact that I never got a bite, leads me to believe that the sandwhich was not only well constructed, but very tasty. I had the alambre de camaron.  It was shredded shrimp, onions, cheese, jalepenos, rice, beans, and tortillas.  And you know what?  I was totally wrong about this place.  Seriously.  This was so good!  Adam Richman, you did me right. Los Reyes de la Torta, thank you for a great meal!
4	The tortas were really good... we've been here before, this time we got a USA and Del Ray.  One torta easily feeds 2 pretty hungry adults.We did have one issue - last time we went here I'd ordered a steak quesadilla, and it came with beans on it.  So this time when we ordered a steak quesadilla we explicitly requested no beans on it.  This was for a 'to go' order and the person who took the order over the phone assured us there were no beans on the steak quesadilla but made note of it anyway.when we got home..there were beans on the steak quesadilla.  My daughter and I cannot stand the texture of beans, so that made the steak quesadilla inedible for anyone in my family.  I called to talk to the manager, but it was during dinner rush and he was unable to come to the phone.. so I sent a message via their email contact.  as I said, fortunately the tortas as easily big enough to feed a few people each, so we split tortas and everyone was full...  but why beans on a steak quesadilla?
3	As others say ... I HAD TO order the Giant Man vs. Food Del Rey Torta.  Just like the pictures already taken ... this thing is Humongous!  I can't believe I ate the whole thing. The wife got the Alambre de res torta which was also very good if not better. Fun place to check out with friends.  Prices are good and the food is pretty good. It is cool to watch them cook in the open kitchen. It can get pretty busy depending on what time of day it is when you get there. Expect a lot of people.
4	The prices were a bit steep, but the portions are humongous. My sister and I split a torta. The tortas were absolutely good, and juicy. The salsa was smokey and added much flavor the the sandwich. The fresh juices were delicious and portions were amazing. A definite jewel in Phoenix. Oh, I wish you branch out towards Los Angeles. (:
5	Really good - Really HUGE sandwiches!! I'm a big dude and I couldn't finish it all! Very good selection, servers were nice too - the only negative was they push these giant margaritas that are pretty pricey yet, no booze! It's in no way a deal breaker but our server did not mention it - we had to ask...Stop in - you will enjoy it!
5	EXCELLENT! by far the best tortas I've had.
4	Yes! I'm a fan. I've eaten here twice and never left hungry, that's for sure! Food tastes great, waitresses are nice. Ambiance is hole-in-wall.. but that's to be expected given the location. I'm just happy to pay so little for so much food! Everything I've tried (mine and off other plates ;) have been very, very tasty. I love the meat combos they put on every torta. Even the chips are fun. Great place. Highly recommended for cheap eats!
4	My sister is here from NY and she's on a Mexican food hunt. We went here and ordered a bistec burrito, king beef tacos, and a chicken quesadilla, and horchata. The food was delicious! It was so authentic and flavorful! The flavors of the grilled opinion and jalepenos meshed so well together for a tasty kick in the mouth! I'm super picky about guacamole and I loved theres. It was creamy with the right amount of flavor. The horchata was ok, it was a little too ricey for my liking, but I liked that it wasn't super sweet.  My sister was very happy! I can't wait to try their tortas! The food was definitely 5 stars for Mexican food.The prices were great! We got all that for about $30.00.The only reason they lost a star from me is because the girls up front are lacking personalities. They are very pretty but very unprofessional.
5	Holy crap, these are massive sandwiches.On the recommendation of my boss (who very obviously saw this on Man vs Food, despite his denials), I made my way over to this place to try one of their tortas.  The bread is fantastic.  Light, super soft, hearty enough to hold the sandwich together, crusty enough to give you a nice grip, while it doesn't bring much in flavor or texture, it absorbs so much of the flavors of the ingredients.  Usually a negative for me when the bread doesn't serve a bigger role, but when there is so much going on otherwise, I'll make an exception here.I love the breaded beef.  The meat is super tender and there's a lot of flavor coming from either the breading or the beef (can't tell).  Also, the mexican sausage (not sure if it's just the chorizo) is good spicy.  In the portions they use relative to everything else, it balances out, but you get these nuggets of real heat - much appreciated.  I do wish the house guacamole had a bit more heat it to it, because as is, it acts more as a palette cooler.Also... fried egg on a sandwich - not new, but  there's something super breakfasty about it in these tortas.  Don't get me wrong, it was delicious, but there was a nagging feeling that I was eating breakfast.  Not that there's anything wrong with breakfast for lunch or dinner.Ambiance inside is very casual and relaxed.  Wait staff weren't the friendliest and I often felt like I was waiting for them to finish their personal conversations.  Food came up fast.  Already looking forward to many future visits and many future tortas.
5	Come hungry because the tortas are huge and you will want to eat every bite. I have only been once and I ate the Torta Nortena de pollo. It was soo good. I definitely will go back!
5	I've been here SO many times. The tortas are SO good. The ceviche tostadas that $.99 are SO good. Love this place!
4	I know there is a lot of hype around Los Reyes de la Torta and I am here to tell you that they are the real deal! I was very suspicious when I first arrived but I really enjoyed my dinning experience. Not fussy. Not fancy. The serve cans of soda. Service was above average. Just great food. I really appreciate the large variety of TORTAS! I can't wait to go back.
5	Unbelieveable hands down the best most unique mexican cuisine that has greaced Phoenix.  These folks know what they are doing. Out of this world flavor, super WOW quantities of amazing flovor packedwith thoughtful combinations of bursting goodness.  This place is the mecca of mexician. get there.
5	Thank you Man Vs. Food for introducing us to this place. This was our first dinner stop on our little vacation in Phoenix. Be forewarned this place does not have any curbside appeal, and we actually ran into some shady people on the way in. But the appeal is in those huge tortas. We opted for the original Del Rey torta and an amazing Aguas Frescas and Pina Colada. The drinks are HUGE! The tortas are even bigger. The only down side is their Ruffle-like side of chips they serve. I mean can't we at least get some tortilla chips or something. Throw us a bone here.Other than those horrible chips, everything else is amazing. The flavor of meat in the torta is unbelievable. And make sure to order an Aguas Frescas. So refreshing and so ginormous. Try this place if your are in AZ. It is a must!
5	Saw this place on Food Network and decided to stop by while we were in town for Spring Training.   Well I was not disappointed!! Arrived a little after the lunch rush and we were seated as soon as we got in th door. I order the Del Rey torta and it was more then emought foood... it was held together with two giant wooden skewers and came with two handfuls of ruffless chips.  The took our order and in less then 10 minutes our food was at our table.  We also were served  a red salsa that went get on top of the chips and torta.. There was a ton of meat on the torta and not your low quality stuff but good big sliced chunks of pork, nice and thin and lightly breaded milanesa..egg, chorizo, ham, sliced hot dogs, jalepenos, cheese, avocado, onion...etc etc....The torta bread is some of the best I have had..on the 2nd visit I had the Arizona and we started with the queso con chorizo and jalepenos toreados....Torta was just as good as the one from two days before...The queso con chorizo was enought for 3 people and they gave you quite a bit of chorizo too.M only complaint would be the jalepenos...as they were not roasted long enough, out of the 6 we got only 3 were roasted the right way and the other three needed at leat 3 more minutes on the grill.... they were still raw and lacked that roasted taste...But other thent that this place was legit.....They havr a Monster 5+ pound torta called the King Carlos V.... during our 2nd visit two of them were ordered by another table and our waitress was kind enough to stop by our table to show it to us before dropping it off....  I thought my torts was huge  now this one was HUGE!!! Will def be back  when ever I am in the Phoenix area
4	We were on the hunt for authentic Mexican Food for a visiting relative and we found it!  I googled "hole in the wall Mexican restaurant" but despite the rough neighborhood, Los Reyes is very nice inside.  It is clean and cozy and although I'm a "clean freak" I wasn't scared to eat here at all!  We had lengua tacos, cabeza tacos, and pollo tacos - everyone thought they were delicous (especially the corn tortillas)!  We also tried the shrimp ceviche tostada appetizers for .99 which was a great value and very tasty.  My daughter had the strawberry iced drink and the cheese quesadilla and she loved them both.  Usually quesadillas are greasy or dry and this wasn't either, it was really good.We can't wait to come back here and try some tortas, the chicken salad - which looked delicious, and we'll try to save room for some of the amazing looking fruit salad.Oh yeah and the taco prices were outstanding -- $6 for a big plate of 3 tacos and a "salad" which was lettuce, radishes, cucumbers, grilled onion and jalapeno.What a gem...
5	We were staying as a group of friends and kids at the nearby Hilton resort and found this on yelp. We arrived with 12 people and they quickly moved tables and seated us. The food was awesome from the Tortas to the burgers and burritos, The Aguas we so fresh and fruity. None of us had been before and all adults and kids were happy, happy, happy!! The prices were really good too. Good food good service, authentic
5	What can I say that hasn't been said already?Excellent food.  The service is actually quite slow- they have not scaled up to keep up with the recent demand.  But this is one of the few places where the quality of the food can truly make up for the sub-par service.Prices are also rock bottom.Can't wait for them to open up the Tempe store because Phoenix is a real hike for us from Gilbert.
4	Had the King Carlos, or more like had 3/4 of half of it (see picture). It was filled with about 206 kinds of protein along with a thin slice of avocado, tomato and lettuce to help balance it out... Sort of. The torta bread is really good but the flavor of sandwich itself is really muddled with so many meats. Still pretty good though.
5	Awesome food!  The sandwiches were the "bomb"!  I was a little unsure about the location but the food was excellent!
5	Man, you probably seen this place on Man v Food and it's the real deal. The Del Ray is legit. It's like a dang kitchen sink full of sandwich stuffs to feed your face. You should come here if you want some real deal Mexican sandwiches.
5	Faithful customer for years, now. I have been visiting Phoenix from OC quite often for business as photographer and visiting friends. Just like I can't imagine not visiting In'N'Out burger joint when back home, I cannot skip my Torta sandwich in Phoenix. Check them out!
4	Great place for tortas!  I came here for lunch on a Monday afternoon and ordered the Del Rey to go.  The service was great, the price was really good, my meal came out fast, delicious and hot.  The torta was stuffed with all my favorite things and came with two different kinds of sauce and a bunch of ruffles potato chips.  I was pleasantly surprised by this place and would recommend Los Reyes de la Torta if you're looking for a creative, huge meal at a low price.
3	Does "Los Reyes de la Torta" translate to "gut bomb?" Because that's what I got there. The food tasted good but man, did my stomach not like me for it.The boyfriend and I ordered the mushroom queso and a torta to share (these things are huge). I would not order the queso again. I guess we just didn't know what it was. We expected a queso dip for chips. We got a plate full of melted cheese that I guess you put into tortillas. It was difficult to manage and just not really what we wanted.The torta was tasty, I'll give 'em that. But honestly, it could have been better. We got one with pineapple and chipotle mayo. Could have used more of both. The mayo was almost non-existent. But there was plenty of meat so even though we shared one torta we were more than stuffed walking out of there. I would give it another shot but only if I was really, really hungry.
4	Very crowded on a weekday lunch and I can see why! Largest quesadillas I have ever seen.  Loved the corn tortillas. The burrito in enchilada sauce was also good but smaller than the quesadilla! I ate half of the del rey torta and it was good but the chips that accompany are boring. The tres leches could also be better. Next time I want to try one of the fruity drinks.
4	What to say about this place? Great food, great service and the location is great if you like to hike North Mountain a lot :-)I'm no expert with Tortas but this place has some amazing ones which will fill you up with lunch and dinner! Being a long time fan of Travel Channel's "Man vs Food" I've been meaning to try this place for some time now. Glad I did. Sure you will too.
3	I thought it was ok.....I've had much better Mexican food in Chicago!  I have to give them kudos for the fruit salad with honey and granola for desert!
5	Aguas Frescas is why I give this place 5 stars!  The best in the Valley, try the Jugo de Verde (with lime, pineapple, cactus) and horchata and cantaloupe if they have it.  The food is also great, not the healthiest, but definitely yummy.
2	Came to Los Reyes de las tortas because of all the good reviews, but I was kind of disappointed. Te place was clean an it was full but they REALLY need more servers service was very slow and the food came one plate at a time. We had the "del Rey" torta because of how famous it is but it OVER RATED! It was bland and super greasy. The queso fundido and the aguas frescas were the BEST thing very good !!! Tacos NOT good at all and the refried beans I won't even go there. But they do serve a LOT of food for the price!
4	The Torta de Milanesa was good. Not the best, but decent. I also had a bite of my friends Torta Cubana and that was good, slightly better than my milanesa. My torta de milanesa had beans and no-where else have I ever had beans in a torta, atleast never in Mexico, place where the torta is king. But this might just be a filling replacing the standard avocado added to tortas de milanesa. Since I noticed that my torta lacked that and the avocado always gives it that extra creamy and tasty kick!!         Also, my standards are high for tortas. I've been lucky enough to enjoy tortas de Milanesa and Cubanas in Currnavaca and Mexico City by Tortas Che and others there!! Those are bomb!!! ANYWAYS!!         The tortas here are not bad, their simply good, but nothing that I would frequent nor crave. The service here was fantastic!!!! No complaints there, we were getting attention left and right, nothing overwhelming, just accommodating and super attentive.        The ONE THING I did love from this place was the Fresas con Crema!! Those were AMAZING!!! That is the reason why I came here in the first place. One of my friends had these exact Fresas con Crema at his place and he shared some with me to try and the Fresas con Crema and I fell in love ever since!! OH YOU SWEET, SWEET, FRESAS CON CREMA with pieces of pecans!! :) You rock my taste buds!! :)     Yours truly,          Lizeth M. :)
5	This was our first time having tortas. They were delish! I had one of the torta chicas which is basically just a smaller version of some of the tortas. I had the Hawaiian one which was awesome. Had ham, pork, cheese, pineapple and a special mayo. It was just the right size for me. My husband had a regular sized del ray. It was just the right size for him. We were sat quickly and our food came in lightening speed.  I would totally go back if we lived in the area.
5	Marko vs. Food!  Marko vs. Food!  Marko vs. Food!  Marko vs. Food!  Marko vs. Food!    Man vs Food featured restaurant!   How dumb of me to think that I could come here and eat the same amount of food as Adam Richman?!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/los-reyes-de-la-torta-phoenix?userid=jI5grCzPrcpYgqtNVygWRQ#CXXkAXpG0dZ-rHaTrgPoNAI was visiting Arizona and decided to do a search on the restaurants that were featured in Man Vs. Food or those who had a James Beard Award Nominee or Winner.  Nice comparison, huh?!I got to Los Reyes De La Torta at 1:30 on a Saturday afternoon, and this place was PACKED!!!  I was quickly seated by two young and bubbly waitresses.  Did I mention that this place is always packed?!  I found out why!I started my meal by ordering the Aguas cremosas - $4.50.  I ordered the Canteloupe (choices of  strawberry, mango, banana, papaya, or canteloupe). The fresh fruit was mixed with carnation and sweet cream.  It tasted like a canteloupe shake with delicious condensed milk!   INSANE!!!!   Grade:  A+http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/los-reyes-de-la-torta-phoenix?userid=jI5grCzPrcpYgqtNVygWRQ#PxTofhxAKxTk2429G2MblgI ordered the Shrimp ceviche tostada - Sm $1.25  Lg $3.50.  HELLO TASTE BUDS!  This dish was boomng with fresh seafood flavors and it was refreshing and clean!  LOVED this dish.  Served with a crispy tostada.  Fun to eat!.   Grade:  B+http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/los-reyes-de-la-torta-phoenix?userid=jI5grCzPrcpYgqtNVygWRQ#gLLKK4MuxAgCS-mGGsrxDAFor my lunch meal, I ordered the Del Rey - $9.50.  It was ham, melted cheese, pork sirloin, breaded beef, with refried beans, hot dog meat & chorizo omelet, tomato, onion, avocado,& chipotle sauce. Served with chopped onion & cilantro with garnished salad.  HOLYSHAMADIGIGGIDY!!!!  This sandwich was HUGE, delicious, and insane!   I literally ate only 1/4 of this sandwich.  My Yelp friends know how much I can eat, bit sadly will I admit.....FOOD WON!  :(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/los-reyes-de-la-torta-phoenix?userid=jI5grCzPrcpYgqtNVygWRQ#djvlghcNqJjHgskcJOY_iQFood Grade:  B+Service Grade:  A!Worth the Money Grade;  AOverall Impression:  A!Worth the experience, worth the wait, worth the fun!  Amazing!  Go get it!
3	Adam disappointed me on this one!  Ok food!  Fruit desert was really good though!
3	Food was okay. Service slow.
5	the service here is amazing and the palmer omg i just cant get enough of that its soooo creamy and delish! the food is amazing and the plates are just huge!good pricing toothis place was on man vs foodgreat show
3	I would've given this place 4 stars if the wait to get a table and the wait to finally get drinks and our food had not been so ridiculously LONG.  It wasn't the restaurant's fault we had to wait 45 minutes for our table, but it is their fault that it took more than 30 minutes to get our drinks after we placed our order.  And they didn't even bring us waters in the mean time!Even though this place is famous for its tortas, the tortas actually didn't look that appetizing.  My friends who ordered them described them as "Mexican burgers."  I'm not really into that, so I ordered the carne asada tacos.  They were tasty, and I actually finished all 3.  The sides of raw radishes and cucumbers were a little strange, but it wasn't bad.  If I were to go again (which I doubt because the wait was so long and there are plenty of other - better - Mexican restaurants in town) I would order the chicken quesadillas.  I tried a bite of one and it was really good.On top of that it was pretty smoky inside the restaurant due to poor ventilation in the kitchen.  I hate leaving a restaurant and having my hair and clothes smell like smoke/food!
3	The food was decent, nothing spectacular about the food. I had a corn tortilla chicken quesadilla, it had the right amount of spice and flavor. I also got the Watermelon Aqua Fresca it was refreshing in the 100 plus  weather. The service was why I gave the restaurant three stars. We had seven people in our group. We all ordered aqua Fresca's and it took over 10 minutes to get drinks to the table.  I never got the water I requested.  The food took a while as well and the waitress didn't really stop by to see if we needed anything else.
4	Ever since I saw their sandwich featured on the Travel Channel, I have been wanting to try it.  Our recent trip to Phoenix finally made that happen.  My family got there before noon on a Sunday and we did not wait long.  On our way out there was a big crowd waiting so we were fortunate enough to have been seated in less than 10 minutes.  I have seen good reviews on their Aguas Frescas so we decided to try the Lime and Cantaloupe.  Both were very good and very refreshing, the lime reminded me of a lemonade slush.  We had the Queso Fundido with chorizo for appetizer, it came with chips, flour tortilla and pico de gallo and it was delicious.  The queso had the right amount of chorizo, a little greasy but that is expected from chorizo.  We ordered the Del Rey and Milanesa de pollo torta. The sandwiches were huge so half order per person was the perfect portion for us. The Milanesa de pollo was just ok but the Del Rey I really liked.  Avocado, chorizo, breaded beef, pork, ham, hot dog, omelet, refried beans and cheese all in a sandwich.  It was very tasty and there were so many different flavors going on.  It was great meal overall!
5	Great food and atmosphere. I had the shrimp cocktail and it was cold and awesome. The guacamole on the torta really made the sandwich and the ice cold watermelon drink was tasty. I am glad the waitress recommended it.
5	Get here before noon. Place fills up quickly. But awesome food great staff.
4	Great torta -- fresh bread, seasoned beef -- yum.  Their frozen blended drinks were excellent too.
5	Huge portions, recommend splitting a meal.  Authentic Mexico City food.  I recommend the carne asada burro with green sauce and a Mexican Coke.  It's in a sketch area of town for a gringo like myself, but so what.The Pina Colada is by far the best one I have ever had in my entire life.  The fruit juice bar is no joke.
5	I'm another Man vs Food follower and this place lived up to the hype! I don't usually order tortas at Mexican restaurants (too many soggy buns and mashed up flavors),  but after watching the show my wife and I had to hit this place up while visiting my family in Scottsdale. They have a HUGE menu to choose from and the four of us took forever to decide as they all sounded amazing. And....all four were! The atmosphere was pretty cool and we had good service, but when it comes down to it, we'd go back for the food even if everything else stunk. It was THAT good.
5	Del Ray Torta was big and flavorful.  Everyone loved the agua fresca!
3	My best bud has been saying "let's try this place" for.... About as long as I've known him. He saw it on some television show Man vs Food. Okay. I love me some tortas. But it's a sandwich on a bolillo roll. Mmm but I can go and sit and not have to make it myself? And it's probably good right? I mean, it was on TV as its in Sunnyslope. So it's probably "authentic". And they serve aguas frescas? Si, quiero ir. Donjay and I finally make it over after church one Sunday with Jon and Amy H along for the experience. Now in true Yelp fashion... I read the reviews and not just write them. And from the reviews I was wary of the infamous Del Rey torta. But.... We order it anyways. This sandwich is like every meat a Mexican ever cooked piled high on a soft bolillo. The meats were all delicious, but together they made something of a strange flavor. They didn't mix well. The chorizo was really good. Almost overpowering the rest of the flavors. I found myself eating them piecemeal and not like a torta at all. Digging in with a fork and knife. Oh and side note, don't attempt to eat this on your own unless you are Sasquatch. Donjay and I split this monster and it STILL took me about 45 minutes  to an hour to eat it. I didn't finish my side of chips. My horchata was bomb.com. And the service was awesome! Everyone was really sweet and quick and so I really want to up the stars for this review next time. I want to go back. I want to try some other tortas. The flavors were all good individually. I think I would like to try some other dishes here as well. I saw they had nopales on the menu! Yum... Ah memories of my nana cutting cleaning and cooking yummy nopales! Please be five star worthy!
4	Had the infamous Torta Del Rey. Very solid. Good amount of meat and cheese. Only complaint is that by the end of the sandwich much of the good meat was gone and it was very difficult to keep it all together ( not quite enough cheese or sauce to hold it in place). Torta was pretty big, but I expected far more mammoth of a creation after reading so many people saying they couldn't finish it. If you are hungry it is really pretty easy to put away (of course if you get drinks or apps, or eat the generic ruffles chips, you may get full). Good price for good quality sandwich to go with good service. Four stars!
5	The Mexican food Gods and Goddesses have possessed the mortal bodies of the people who work in the Los Reyes De La Torta kitchen to grace us with their magical food. I swear every time I eat here I am transported to another realm of taste bud enchantment.The servers are super sweet and kind. So casual yet so much "sabor!'. I love Los Reyes De La Torta. I am still trying to figure out if it is the food that is soul shattering amazing, or that the fact that I watched Adam Richman devour a torta on Man Vs. Food made me love this place even more. I swear, there is nothing sexier than a man who loves to eat delicious food. I could watch Adam Richman all day omg... So freaking hot... Wow I'm so weird but whatever. This place is awesome, go check it out and gain a new addiction to your list!Viva Los Reyes de La Torta!!
4	Went here with my job and also because it was on Man versus Food.The food was good however I ate the carne asada torta and had a cantalope drink to wash it all down.They have some sandwiches that are just plain disgusting looking but beauty is in the eye and mouth of the beholder.  My co-wroker had a sandwish with ham, ground beef, hot dogs, another type of meat, cheese.... you get the picture.  Not my cup o tea but apparently something he wanted.
5	Ok, you want quick and amazing food that takes you to your childhood, even if you're not Mexican? Reyes de la Torta will do it. I had always heard about this place from the youth I worked with. They said it was amazing. Once I went, I was hooked. You're going to get a completely different feel from this place. Yeah, it's in a strip mall; yeah, the hostess may stick you and your party at a table smaller than you're accustomed to; Yeah, there is soccer playing on the TVs instead of the news; .. but the food will make you not care about any of those things. Plus, they are always playing Salsa, not loud or rambunctious, trumpet-filled music. This adds to the experience as it makes me feel like I may be somewhere resembling my homeland of Colombia. When you're asked for your drink order, make sure you ask for one of their aguas frescas... translation: fresh juice. I always get the Agua Fresca de Limon. It reminds me of the limeade I drink when I am back home in Colombia - this drink makes the whole experience worth it.  The chips and salsa are good, although you might want to watch out with the salsa if you're not a spice fan. Ok, the restaurant is named the king of the tortas ... and you ask what is a torta?? To Mexican people, a torta is sandwich of meat, vegetables and anything else they may throw on there made on a hamburger-style bun - and that is what they're famous for -  that is why Adam from Man vs Food went there. But, I have never had their tortas simply because at Reyes you will enter a homemade-tortilla heaven that is like nothing else. These tortillas are amazing, from their texture, to their slight greasiness, to their taste, they are the best tortillas I have ever had. So, in order to continue to eat the best tortillas ever, I always get the chicken quesadilla. Yep, it's simple, but amazing. You can also choose to get it "Estilo del Rey" which means they top off your quesadilla with more cheese ( white cheese, not crappy, yellow, greasy cheese), sour cream and green onions. That in itself sends this quesadilla into the history books. Do yourself a favor and check out a truly unique restaurant tucked away in a strip mall just south of Hatcher on 7th Street. Make your way up to Sunnyslope and see what the buzz is about.
4	Found out about this place from the Travel Channel and Adam's show about Best Sandwich in America. Tried the Torta del Rey and was very satisfied. Will be eating here again!
4	Came here for the tortas. Tried the Cuban torta, pollo tacos, pollo burrito, and ceviche tostadas. Oh can't forget the wonderful watermelon Aguas frescas. The Cuban torta was ham and cheese with Chinese BBQ pork, it was good. The burrito although small for a burrito was filled with pollo, salsa, avocados, and beans. This was pretty good except for the size, I would consider this not big enough for a meal. The pollo tacos were ok, simple enough.  But the star of the meal and unexpected winner, which in retrospect probably eclipsed the other meal components was the shrimp ceviche tostada, we got two large and they were incredible. Spicy and fresh and savory.  I could have had two of these and maybe a shrimp coctel. Well I'm assuming the shrimp coctel is wonderful also. Need to come back and try more sea food at this wonderful place.
3	We love their food but hate there soda service. No fountain drinks here. Just glass bottles or cans. So there for no free refills. There best dish is the King Tacos w/steak . They are always busy. I would have giving them 5 stars but the soda thing is a star buster for us.
5	Yay!  I'm still a fan and I think this Torta is "As good as it Get's!! If your craving a really tasty torta, Mexican sammich, you can not beat Los Reyes De La Torta, aka the Mexican Sammich King!! The shrimp ceviche is DELISH!!  They have a super duper salads also for a great app or as a meal.  But it's the torta's that I come here for!!  Yes they have loads of other things on their menu you can choose from if your not a torta kinda person, but then I would ask; "why are you here?  Seriously?"  :-)The Torta Del Rey is crazy tasy but ginormous!!  You better have a HUGE appetite or plan to share this with a friend.  They still throw everything on this bad boy but the kitchen sink : -)  I would also suggest their Ranchera de pollo o res with either grilled chicken or steak, guac, fresh cheese, chopped onion & cilantro & a chipotle dressing.  or their Nortena de pollo o res with either grilled chicken or steak, onions & jalapenos with chipotle sauce, melted cheese, refried beans, tomato, avocado.  It's all good at Los Reyes De La Torta!!  I hope you give them a try if you haven't already!!  I'm looking forward to my next visit so I can try their new torta, King Carlos V.  It looks AWESOME!! I hope to see you there.
5	Recently moved to the Slope and glad that Los Reyes reigns supreme here. The tortas (Mexican sandwiches) are huge, they are delicious, and they will, they will, rock you. But what else would you expect from Los Reyes de la Torta? What you might not know is that their non-torta items are at least as good. Whatever the cheese they use (a white cheese, cotija maybe?) is delicious, not like the cheese used typically at the more Americanized places (which are also good, not trying to knock those). And the aguas frescas are very tasty as well; it's like drinking fruit! This place lives up to the hype so go check it out, but be prepared to wait because it's usually busy even during the week.
5	Wow! Thanks to Man vs. Food I ate possibly the best torta sandwich ever! The torta del rey had a plenty of meat and the watermelon aqua was to die for. If I was ever was on death row and I had to pick a last meal then the torta del rey would be a top candidate.  Not only was the food mind-blowingly addictive but the service was top notch as well. Our server was not only helpful and fast but she was also extremely courteous and professional. I only wish that there could be a location somewhere in Los Angeles because then I would go every single week. Simply put this restaurant is outstanding.  Go, NOW! To unbelievably delicious eatings!! :D
3	I had seen this restaurant on yelp and decided to give it a try. I'm new to the area here for a short time trying different places. The service was good the atmosphere was welcoming. I thought the asada torta I had was tasty but I wouldn't say it was the best I've ever had. The meat was seasoned well but I prefer it chopped instead of sliced.  The chicken tacos were so so. I will be visiting again to try other things on the menu.
5	Best mexican food in phoenix! I recommend this place to anyone who wants an excellent  meal!
4	What this place does, it does well.  The tortas are huge and flavorful!  If you're looking for healthy, you won't find it here.  If you're looking for a gnarly, greasy, massive sandwich, you came to the right place.  Hungover?  This is your spot.  On a diet?  This is not.  I recommend everybody try it at least once.
2	I cannot lie, I was exited to come here and I had high expectations. I seen this place on Man Vs Food and have been wanting that Torta ever since. I must say, I'm not impressed. I'm from Los Angeles Ca., the land where some of the best and most authentic food come from. So I always have higher expectations when it comes to Mexican food. This  was def not mi amor. I would say this isn't MexiCAN food but more like MexiCANT. No bueno
4	I'm here and I was excited to eat a sandwich from man vs food the Del Rey the moment I bit into it was nice and juicy I decided to smother it with the green and red hot sauce along with some valentina hot sauce it was now nice n spicy. And a river of flavor busted in my mouth I was able to polish off the full sandwich and then you also and eat a burrito enchilada this time I was very full and I call to check it was cheap as hell if  you're on a budget and you want to eat lots of food come here its fun to take a picture at the front of the store to show that you been to a Man vs food stop
4	Went there a couple weeks ago.    Nice place.   Waiter extremely nice.  Food was good.  Big tortas.  I didnt order anything to drink other then water but the drinks that went to other tables looked awsome.   I would go again
4	Real good carne Asada tacos. Only get three for close to $10 tho. You Can get better deals at similar places like this in phoenix. Either way the food was great and the price was just decent. I would recommend checking it out based on the quality and flavor alone.
5	This place rocks! The food is quite different then the Mexican food I grew up on in South Phoenix. This place as become my all tie favorite Mexican restaurant. Food is great, the staff is awesome, nice and very friendly (they all seem to really enjoy their jobs) and the building itself is very clean. They now have a lifetime customer!
5	You can never go wrong with Los Reyes! Had the Del Ray Torta... wow. Can never finish the Torta, but I get it almost every time i've been. Have also had the Hawayana Torta which was delicious as well. Their fresh squeezed juices are amazing and refreshing. Always a pleasure to come back!
5	Been here twice now and I can say with extreme confidence that these are the greatest Tortas in Arizona, if not, the entire southwest! Life-changing food !!
4	Ok so we gave Los Reyes de la torta another chance and I am super happy we did. We went for breakfast and it was very good. We order the chilaquiles ( they are best half green half red and with meat) and the eggs with steak which was HUGE and very tasty. We will definitely be back for more.
4	Came here because of yelp reviews and OMG my Tacos de Alambre de Camaron were out of this world amazing!  I shared one with my husband who ordered the asada tacos and he was also blown away.  You must try them, they give you SO Much shrimp for $7.99 it is not even funny.
5	This is tthhoouurrgghhllyy gooood. As I walked in I went through my checklist of pre-meal approval. x Tasty Aromax Other People x People of the restaurant's nationality x Satisfied DinersAnd a bonus of being able to see the chefs cooking. The wait staff was friendly, patient, fast, amd attentive. I split the Torta Del Rey with my Father, my mother got the Sope, and my brother ordered a chicken Quesedilla. Let it also be known that there is an exotic, extensive, and large drink selection including a fantastic fruit selection. As my meal came 10-15 minutes later I was not disappointed. The torta was huge and split in half, perfect to share. Instead of listing what was on the torta, it would probably be easier to list what was nt in the torta. It tasted like I was eating a farm. I will do my best to list out what was on this monster. Ham, Sausage Omelet, I think chicken, tomato, avocado, onion, and more! As a Jew, I have had a lot of great sandwiches, and this is right there at the top. By the time I was finishing I had to use my fork, for it was falling apart (always a good thing). My mother's Sope was delicious. As was my brother's quesidilla. Now their drinks were absolutely amazing. I got the watermelon agua de frescas and I am still dumbfounded on how they made this. It looked like they took a hunk of watermelon, put it in a glass, and served it. But the description says there is also water and sugar. It was big, flavorful, and refreshing. I think that the drink is what a desert oasis must be like. I will highly highly recommend coming here. I highly highly recommend getting the torta del rey. I highly highly recommend getting the watermelon drink. This was one of the best meals I have ever had. I recommend before you die and for your soul to come have a meal here. This was thoroughly good.
5	Been on a torta kick lately. Had the Mexicana torta with asada, grilled onions, tomato and avocado. Delicious! With a grilled onion, cucumbers, radishes and lettuce on the side this makes a nice meal. Will definitely be back to try others.
4	Well, we were quite lucky to find this place. In the Phoenix area for our annual Spring Training trip. One in the group said "I want Mexican." Jumped on Yelp and found Los Reyes. 4.5 stars with a boatload of reviews is great. Did not catch the Man v. Food references so that was a pleasant surprise when we arrived (being the food show junkie that I am). Actually tried the same torta that was featured on the show (split 4 ways ... 5 lbs is a lot of torta). I am a torta purist and the the hodge podge was a bit much but in general, tasty. That appetizer was great! Probably would be a 5 out of 5 if I had ordered a more traditional torta ... Who am I kidding, if I am in the area, I'll be back.
3	JD invades AZ Day 2:While researching places to eat on my AZ vacation,  I came across the "Man vs Food" episode where he visits this exact Los Reyes De La Torta (LRT). I was really curious, but a bit hesitant especially after that whole Mexico Bakery (MB) debacle (http://www.yelp.com/biz/mexico-bakery-san-jose-2?hrid=D-vOUl2zj5fBOhbOBHRFjg) --but I sacked up; grabbed my brother-in-law (BIL); headed over there; and ordered two of their infamous Torta Del Rey to-go.Torta Del Ray- This thing is a beast and makes the massive Torta at MB look like a midget. They really should call it the "Regadero De La Cocina Torta" (aka Kitchen Sink) because it's got everything you could imagine--and then some! There's Ham, Pork Loin, Beef Milanese, Hot Dog, Chorizo, melted cheese, Queso Fresco, Chipotle Salsa, Omelet, Tomato, Onions, Avocado, and Chipotle sauce. *Whew!* Now that's a mouthful, both literally and figuratively--and to top it all off they give you a handful of Ruffles chips (in case the Torta isn't enough food for you). The Torta itself was pretty good; I think I'm finding out that I'm not a fan of too much stuff on my sandwiches. I think the taste of everything gets muddled up in there and you get some serious mouth confusion. On the plus side, I really liked their Red Salsa; it went great on the Torta and the Ruffles. If I ever go back I'm definitely ordering one of their simpler Tortas. 3.5*Horchata- I liked LRT's Horchata; it had a good flavor without the chalkiness that you can sometimes find. 4*Service & Ambiance- We ordered our Tortas to-go so we didn't experience the wait-staff, but the two people at the front where we placed our order were very nice and friendly. LRT is located in a pretty Ghetto-Fabulous section of Phoenix; upon our first arrival we were greeted by two borrachos chilling in the lot and a couple of other suspicious characters just "hanging out". I'm not sure if I'd pay LRT a visit at night, but during the daytime I think it just adds to the experience. 4*Value- While $9.75 is a hefty price to pay for a sandwich, realistically you can easily share this with at least one other person. 3* Admittedly, it was a little contrived to seek this place out because I had seen it on a TV show, it was definitely fun to do once. If I lived in the area I seriously doubt I'd make the Torta Del Ray a regular item in my rotation. However, I can almost guarantee that their other more reasonably-sized Tortas would be much better. I'm gonna try to stop in one more time before I head out of town, but until then LRT gets a thumbs up.
5	I went in expecting a tasty sandwich. This place delivered a masterpiece. I ordered the Del Rey and was not disappointed. After ordering, the food arrived within 15 minutes and was bigger than expected. The atmosphere is really casual, and the wait staff is very polite. I had no idea about the Man vs. Food episode when I visited, but the reviews on Yelp were enough to persuade me here.
5	Me and my girlfriend went here for the first time today and I must say this place was to darn good..i got the carne asada torta and its has been the best torta i have ever tasted..im sorry but tortas paquime has nothing on them..i also got the lime agua fresca and it was also really good
5	Huge variety of torte's and other yummy Mexican dishes. Eating in-try the horaches, best ever. Last night we ordered pick up. Four adults so we ordered four different torte's, cut each into quarters and shared. The torte's are so big, I'm having left overs for breakfast. Service is always fast and friendly. Don't forget to try a fresh juice-always a wide variety.
3	great food.. it's just in a dangerous scumy part of town...two stars deducted for that..Very authentic food.. and always great.. be weary of the gansters that happen to habitate here..  just smile when they stare you down!
5	I have decided....Los Reyes De La Torta is my favorite place for Mexican Food.  I  would consider myself a Mexican food fan.  I have lived in Phoenix for over 20 years and I even had a Mexican roommate who made awesome Mexican food all the time.  So I think I know my Mexican.  This was probably my fourth visit to Los Reyes.  My wife and I decided to have Mexican food for Cinco de Mayo.  I tried several new things.  I started off with the Tosada de Ceviche (Shrimp Ceviche) - Awesome flavors - just the right amount of lime/lemon and salt.  YUM!!!  Then I went with the Peluche plate packed with goodies (The steak was nicely seasoned and blended well with the sausage, ham, grilled onions, grilled peppers, pineapple, jalapenos).  My wife got the always amazing Del Rey.  We also threw on a plate of Chiles Toreados (grilled jalapeno and onions).  Everything was fantastic.  Oh yeah - they also have great Aqua Frescas.We have taken out-of-town guests to this restaurant who also loved it.  My wife and I are surprised that we don't come here more often.  Other items that I've tried at Los Reyes that I liked as well.Tacos de CabazeaTacos de AsadaTorta Nortena with Steak(Tacos de Lengua - not 100% sure that I have tried it here...)I reserve my 5 star ratings for only my favorite restaurants - Los Reyes is definitely one of them!
5	This is by far my favorite Mexican restaurant. I wish they had one closer to my house, as it's not exactly in the best part of town... but who cares the food is fantastic. If I'm even remotely close to the area this is a must stop detour. Growing up with authentic Mexican food, I've been generally disappointed with the options when I moved to Phoenix. However, this place is as good as it gets. The food couldn't taste any better.... it's simply PERFECTION. I used to not even be a fan of tortas until I tried theirs. The torta Nortena is food heaven!
3	We have been here twice now and had the same experience. Great food and friendly staff but to get something to drink takes a really long time. We were seated, ordered and got our food before we even got our drinks. We also asked for water and never got it. Also napkins seem to be very scarce here and you really need them. If you don't mind slow service and want great authentic Mexican food then I would recommend this place.
5	Service was great, nice Mexican atmosphere, excellent torta's. Shared the big one w/my son; had to take leftovers home.
3	There was a time when I would have thought the Del Rey Torta was a fantastic conglomeration of meat. I must be getting old or something because the sandwich seemed like an obnoxious amalgamation of low quality meats. I had my fair share of overeating just to say I did; I legitimately felt like I'd be sick if I ate this whole thing. Were I visit again, I'd probably get a "normal" torta and be good with that.P.S. - The watermelon aqua fresca was fantastic.
5	this place is amazing! best burritos and tortas I've had in Arizona. You have to try the torta nortena. The food is great the service is great, no complaints at all. I recommend everyone to try it once.
5	This place is AMAZING. My husband and I ordered the Hawaiian torta and I ordered horchata and we both LOVED it all. The tortas are pretty large, and I'm glad we read that they were a sharable size, since we weren't all that hungry. Wish so much we had tortas like this one in Colorado.. will definitely be going back when we get back to Phoenix!
5	There should be diamonds above the stars! The food was excellent the service was top notch and the prices were very reasonable for the portions given nobody could fit desert after the meal. It was our first time visiting we had 17 people in our group and as all Mexicans trying out a Mexican Restaurant we are very picky and have high expectations. This is true Authentic Mexican food and everyone in our group was very pleased. They had one drawback, they do not sell Alcohol  but allow you to BYOB with limitations! :) the atmosphere was good very clean and the staff was super fast and organized. Again if only they had diamonds this restaurant would be on top. It's worth the drive no matter how far you are for us we will definitely return next time we are in the area.
4	Saw this place on Man vs. Food and thought we'd give it a shot.  Wife had the Cubano torta and I had Alambre con pollo with peppers and cheese.  Both were very tasty. Good thing we ordered the smaller ones, as they were filling for us.  The large ones would have been too much for us lightweights.  For beverage we had two different licuados, similar to a milkshake, but not as thick.  I ordered the pineapple and she ordered the strawberry.  We ended up swapping, as we liked the one the other ordered better.  Very yummy and would go again to try something else.
3	Tried the shredded shrimp tacos; they were delicious. The strawberry margarita was delicious. Also tried the shrimp quesadilla and they were ok. The reason for my 3 stars, I wish the shrimp in the quesadilla were de-vaned and the margarita came in a glass a little bigger than a wine glass
5	Los Reyes de la Torta (LRdlT) was my family's 3rd stop in our quest to try Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives and Man vs Food restaurants in the Phoenix/Scottsdale, AZ area.  My family loved the DDD restaurants we experienced and LRdlT was going to be our one and only M vs F restaurant to try.  If there are any other Yelpers looking for a M vs F restaurant to eat at in Phoenix, LRdlT must be your 1st stop.LRdlT is located in a mini strip mall.  At first glance, you probably would question how one of the best sandwiches could be cooked here because the restaurant looked simple and unassuming.  Highly recommend that you arrive around 5pm to beat the dinner rush.  The restaurant is not too big and the secret is out about how great the food is at LRdlT.  If you come after 6pm, expect to wait and you'll be jealous watching the lucky people eat some delicious, mouth-watering authentic Mexican food.  How do you gauge whether a Mexican restaurant has legit food?  Mexicans frequent the restaurant.  As we were eating, the waiting area filled up with Mexican brothers and sisters from another mother.A Mexican torta is a sandwich with such Mexican meats as carne asada, pollo asada, carnitas, etc.  Adam Richman of Man vs Food fame introduced me to the Del Rey and the King Carlos V tortas.  If you want to accept the food challenge Adam performed on the show, you'll have to eat the humongous King Carlos in 15 minutes.  If you're successful, you won't have to pay the $25 for the sandwich.  No thanks, the Del Rey was more than enough for my overstuffed belly.  If you want a filling and very tasteful samwich, the Del Rey will make you thank Adam Richman out loud.  The Del Rey is comprised of ham, melted cheese, pork sirloin, breaded beef, refried beans, hotdog meat, chorizo, omelette, tomato, onions, avocado, and chipotle sauce, all squeezed between soft, nicely toasted bread.  This conglomeration of meat, milk, bread, and vegetables will satisfy all food groups and your daily caloric intake in just one sitting.  To be honest, I probably could have finished the entire sandwich, but I split it with the wifey to save room for our other food excursions while on vacation.  You honestly can't fathom how amazing this torta is until you experience it yourself.  Ask for the grilled onions and jalapenos, which complement the torta.  To help the food go down, a must order is the watermelon agua fresca.  This will satisfy your thirst.Why oh why do my best food ever reside in places other than San Diego.  Adam Richman, you got it right recommending Los Reyes de la Torta.  The Del Rey was so worth sacrificing my slim waistline.  Until we meet again Del Rey, I'll be dreaming of how much I enjoyed engulfing you.
4	I loved the food here. The ambiance not so much- the TVs were crazy loud and the interior was very similar to Rodibertos. However, they had ice cold bottled " Mexican"  Coke, and the BEST street tacos I have ever had. Delicious! Super fresh salsa, plentiful lime wedges, And so much steak it was a tough job to power it all down. I mean, I totally did- but it was a bit of a challenge. The rice was only OK, and the beans were so-so. But the tacos were crazy good. They were also quite speedy which is always good when you are on lunch break.
4	Was wanting some Mexican food so did a Yelp search and found LRdlT.  Awesome!  We both had a torta; mine was the small version and was more than enough for me.  Hubby got the Cubano and enjoyed that as well.  The small torta is a good size and comes with small salad with radishes and cukes.  Whereas, the Cubano is just that, a sandwich.  The place was packed, service pleasant, food delish.  We'll be back.
5	Yummo!! 10x better than Paquime tortas! They are very generous with their meat portions in their tortas, rice and beans are excellent! Quesadillas are to die for. I have to stand up and applaud Reyes de la Torta for their mouthwatering aguas frescas! I've had watermelon, strawberry, and mango. I kid you not... Tastes like you're biting into the actual fruit! So refreshing!! They are served in a large goblet. If you're lucky you'll get a tiny umbrella :) Place is somewhat small so it's a bit crowded if it's busy that day but I'm willing to look past it because of their delicious food!
5	I had  northern sandwich which was recommended by  the hostess. Omg it was so.good and fulfilling. Two.people could ate it but I stuffed the whole thing. Worth the ten bucks  will be back
5	My first visit was excellent.  Had the Ahogada torta...A+..and biztec burrito with green sauce which I enjoyed the most. Great prices and great service also! We ended up here since our orig destination Mucho Macho Tacos isn't open yet.  Glad I discovered this place. I will be back!  The plaza is sketchy but so what who cares? BTW, MMT opens 8/26...previously Taco Attoyac in Glendale.
5	This place has great food and amazing shakes.  Love the queso and the watermelon and cantaloupe shakes.  Would recommend to anyone.  Just make sure to get there early cause can sometimes be a little wait to get seated but that's when you know you've found a hidden gem.
2	We went here last weekend, since the reviews were really good. We tried the shrimp cocktail which was good. We also got a burrito and tacos. Both lacked flavor. Nothing special. Only thing we enjoyed was the shrimp cocktail that is it. Will not be returning.
1	After waiting 20 minutes to have our order taken, an additional 15 minutes to get our water, another 15 minutes after that to get our food, and then 20 minutes after we finished eating to get our check, I was way less than pleased with the service. My boyfriend got the torta del rey ~ the rubber "hot dogs" in it ruined it for me. It also smelled weird. Too much going on maybe? Ick! Glad I didn't order it! I got the carne asade burrito instead. Which actually means bean burrito with a few tiny pieces carne asade mixed in. That was really annoying. The beans did taste good though. Over all extremely unimpressed with this place. Maybe we went on a bad day, but neither of us think we'll be back to find out. Bummer!
2	Food was ok not great. Service was slow. We got seated then 2 others got seated a few minutes after. They got their drinks and food before we got asked what to drink.  I will stick to getting my tortas where I've been going plus it's not as pricey as this place.
5	Omg! This place is amazing!!! The best tortas, great tacos, AWSOME burritos and fantastic drinks! They also have other food I teams but these are the ones I've tasted. All of their "Aguas frescas" are natural and best tasting! They also have "Esquimos" which are like flavor milkshakes (no ice cream) they are delicious.  I went last Wednesday for lunch didn't get a change to take pics but I'll probably be going back tomorrow and I can't wait!!! They also appeR on the show " Man vs Food" and are the best by far!
5	Come here if you want amazing Mexican food for a reasonable price. We always get the shrimp ceviche, shrimp burrito, and quesadilla estillo del Rey. Everyone we've ever taken here says "That's the best burrito I've ever had." And it seriously is. Try it.
2	I came here with my hubby because I was impressed with the tons of great reviews on yelp so I felt like like it was a for sure thing.. I was set on ordering the " Mexican Shrimp cocktail " since I had been craving one for a very long time & figured it would be outstanding since this place was featured on Man vs Food.( I moved here a few years ago so I don't know the hot spots for this item ) I have had MANY mexican shrimp cocktails in my life that were amazing so I didn't even think twice when ordering since its a very easy thing to prepare in comparison with typical Mexican dishes..  Unfortunately I was very disappointed when it arrived. .. its like the cook forgot to put half the amount of shrimp in it!!! It probably had 7 - 8 shrimp in it with barely any avocado either. .it was mostly juice and Pico de Gallo.. ( I ordered the large on too! @ $14+ !!! ) ..VERY SKIMPY!!! I'm not expecting to be over served but I definitely expect a fair amount of shrimp! Out of many many places ive tried this was by far the chinsiest!   The flavor was pretty okay though. .not amazing whatsoever but not bad..It was a very sad night for me since I was really looking forward to finding a place that had great ones.. :(  I highly recommend that people beware of wasting your money on this dish. .On the other hand. ..my husband ordered a combo plate with carne asada tacos , beans and rice and I tried his food and it was delish!  I may give this place another try but definitely not the Mexican shrimp cocktail!!!! I'm on a mission to find a place that knows how to make them the right way and is not chinsey with their portion. Also....its a restaurant atmosphere,  you are seated and have a waitress,  but NO Chips and salsa brought out to the table :(Definitely another downfall! I'll go to Arriba's Mexican restaurant or Garcia's when I want great Mexican food! .. the price range is same and you get fresh hot chips with yummy salsa too!
5	Its all about that Del Ray Torta. Nuff said, great joint. I haven't tried anything else here, but can't wait to go back.
5	Holy shit my mouth is so happy. Tacos were excellent and authentic, not to mention loaded with meat and cheese. The aguas frescas watermelon was so good I swear I heard angels sing when I drank it. You should definitely go try it, all these reviews are no joke man this is the place to get down on some Mexican food
4	I think everything there is really good, I did ask for some many things from their menu and never get disappointed. The price is fair since you end up full! so if you never been there before, do yourself a favor and stop by, it is 100% worthy!
4	This place is great for a quick bite of fast/mexican food.  The have great sandwiches.  Be prepared to be full and stuffed.  My friends are the sandwich and liked it. I had burrito which was super rich.  Will be back.
2	Living near East Side San Jose in California, I have high expectations when it comes to Tortas and Mexican food for that matter. However, I feel that Los Reyes rides on their fame of Man vs Food albiet their torta portions are massive. Nothing here was spectacular to me.I ordered the Del Rey Torta, from the rave reviews and I do tend to get signature items from restaurants since it should be a representation of who they are. Along with the torta I ordered a horchata.The Del Rey is a massive torta that easily feeds 2, a half for each person. It comes with a side of chips and in the torta itself it has: avocado, pickled onions, tomato, egg encasing chorizo, hotdog, then cheese, brisket, and fried steak. Bread barely held every thing in and was a huge mess.The torta had lots of textures, flavor wasn't as flavorful and didn't seem to be cohesive. It was just a lot of meat, cooked different ways in between two slices of bread. The chorizo didn't have that lovely red color nor heat to it.The horchata was plain chalky, powdering and doused in cinnamon powder on top.I packed half of my torta home since I couldn't finish my meal, but didn't even end up eating it afterwards. I didn't finish my horchata.Service is decent. Typical of a family run restaurant, casual but timely. Pricing was okay for what it was, though I would get Mexican food elsewhere.
3	Man vs. food!ridiculous sandwiches, but NO ALCOHOL and can be a long wait on the weekends, but everyone should try it out for sure!
5	It was my first time here. I got the del rey torta and it was spectacular. My friend got a breakfast plate that looked as homemade as it could be. I would definitely go back to this place and try the other tortas and fresh drinks they offer. Never had a sandwich like this before, MUST TRY! friendly wait staff too
5	Excellent choice and very great service. The food choices were perfect. We had a group of 6 people and everyone had different food. Will be back tomorrow to get something different. This is must stop.
4	Very good Mexican restaurant. Get the tortas, as the name implies. They are solid, but not the best I've had. They have nice spicy bottled salsas at the table to spice it up. Very filling.
5	The first day i came here it, right away it became my favorite place! The food is so good and made as you order it. The place is okay size and does get full fast sometimes but worth it. The times ive come here they seat me and my family right away and dont wait too long for our food. So many choices for food and drinks!
5	I love the food! The ceviche tostada is so delicious and inexpensive! I've had several of the tortas, the salads... the aguas, liquids, and everything is good....
4	THIS PLACE IS A SLEEPERThis place is nothing more than a sandwich shop with seats... and a little run down. Over the years, the celebrity chefs that have TV programs, i.e. Guy Fieri, Adam Richman, etc., in my opinion have been right less than half of the time with their suggestions. This one though is a WINNER! We both had the steak with queso fresco and avocado on a Mexican roll... DEEELICIOUS!Score 1 for Man vs. Food. No alcoholic beverages.
5	BOTTOM LINE: One of Phoenix' hidden gems. Great prices for both unique and authentic Mexican food. It's not the typical northern Mexican cuisine we're accustomed to in Arizona, but rather Mexico City-style. The staff is very friendly.If you don't know what torta is. it's the Mexican word for sandwich (though in the rest of Latin America it means cake). And these guys really are "The Kings of the Torta." My favorite one is the Hawaiian torta. The aguas naturales are amazing fruit drinks. Watermelon is my favorite.And for desert the fruit with nuts and honey is a great finish to this meal.
5	Traveling thru Phoenix, wanted some food, but not a chain. Yelp recommended. LOVED IT! Neighborhood joint. Local. Tortas. Sinfully delicious. Generous portions. Reasonably priced. ESPN Desportes (MNF) on the screen. Couldn't AI for more.
5	You know you hit the jackpot at an ethnic restaurant when you are a minority.  I had the pork belly tacos and my husband had the chicken tacos.  Very good.  Very fresh.  We had a good seat - right next to the kitchen and we were able to see all the food going out to the tables.  It all looked good.  Come with a big appetite and you will leave happy and full!
5	Bomb tortas in town!!! I had the torts de milanesa and my husband had the carne asada plate. Good food good prices, great selection, Plus its been on Man vs Food!
5	Holy wow! Home made tortillas and everything is so fresh. Order a drink- you will thank me later. I could easily drink one of theses a day for breakfast. One of my favorite non alcoholic drinks hands down. While the tostas are what they are known for, the casadillas are more than amazing. The customers come in waves but the wait is short and worth it. While you are waiting you can watch the food being cooked and press their own homemade tortillas.
5	OMG!  This place from the outside makes you wonder what the food is going to be like but once inside, you're in for a treat!  The food was some of the best Mexican I've ever had!  Definitely recommend!  Don't judge from the outside because the food is worth it!
4	Great place to eat!  The tortas are delish & massive!  Very authentic.  Def a hidden gem.
