4	I rent from this branch every other month.  The staff is great - attentive, professional and eager to help!  Highly recommended.
1	Horrible service. They refused to take my rental car back and said I had to take it to a different enterprise - as the auto body shop i would need to be taken to was "too far away" - even though it was only 4 miles awAy.
5	Harley Rentals at thie Enterprise!!!!!HelloThe location was 4517 West Flamingo RdLas Vegas, Nevada 89103I would like to leave a positive review for the staff at the Harley rental location.We rented an Electra glide 2013 for 3 days when we were in Vegas visiting family.The service and attitude was well above superior and I consider it the best rental experience we have had. The staff, Andy and Lisa was simply fantastic. They picked us up at out hotel on time, drove us to the rental location and we had a selection of bikes. They went to the trouble to find us one that had a 12 volt adapter we needed for our GPS. They gave us routes, answered every question with knowledge and concern. They operate the the best bike rental in Las Vegas. We had an amazing time thank to Andy and Lisa.!!Happy New Year and we will see you soon, so nice to deal with pros!! On 07/01/2014 2:02 PM, Enterprise Customer Service wrote:
5	This is hands down the best place to rent a car in Las Vegas.  They are priced less expensive because of their location and the staff is incredibly accommodating.  Kojak, Amy, Reed - amazing service!  There is no better place to rent a vehicle
4	In and out in just a few minutes.  Great pick up service.  Good rates.
5	This was my first experience with Enterprise and all in all, first for renting a car. Thanks for making it so easy and pleasant, The staff and service at this location is pretty friendly and i must say, very accomodating.I wanted to start my car rental on Labor Day, when the office would have been closed. After some discussion, they agreed to give me the car a day ahead but not charge anything extra. That was really helpful and made my vacation a bit more happier.After the return, the system or person whoever.... did end up charging me for 1 day extra, but one call to the girl who gave me the deal and it was all fixed. I got my refund for extra money charged. No complains, this much is fine.Amy was the name i guess, Thanks Amy !!
