5	Charlie's Maids was recommended to me by my sister who is a satisfied customer. I have used several cleaning companies in Las Vegas and found Charlie's Maids to be the best because of how customer service oriented they are, the consistent results achieved by the various teams of friendly and committed cleaners and easy booking system. I will continue to use Charlie's Maids and have signed up for their subscription service.
5	I scheduled the appointment through their website and that was very easy. The maids arrived on time and did a very thorough cleaning. I'm definitely going to use them again. I already recommended them to two friends and they also had a great experience!
5	Charlie's Maids aren't cheap, but they're worth every penny. The quality of service was exceptional and the customer service representative I spoke with over the phone was awesome.  She asked lots of questions to understand what I needed done.  The cleaning crew was on time, polite, and worked quickly. I'd recommend them to anyone.
4	I've never used a cleaning service before, but I'm so happy I called Charlie's Maids! They accommodated my busy schedule and arrived on time. I booked online with a credit card, and split the cost with my other half, so the price wasn't so bad.  Irene and Cassie were on time, we did a walk thru of the place at the beginning, and when they were finished we did another walk thru, just to make sure I was pleased with their work. I was. They were speedy ( 3 hours ) with their duties, and did a thorough job of all the items we discussed. I wish I had some "extra's" done, but of course those were extra-cash, so I decided to skip those for now.I'm happy with the over all service, EXCEPT I had to request a receipt via email. One is not provided after you book online, nor is there a confirmation number. They sent it to me a couple days later, BUT i was worried it didn't go thru or something. I didn't get a wierd vibe from them or anything, but, you never know. I also wanted to be home when they cleaned, just bc I don't want strangers in my place.
1	Horrible rip off had weekly service they didn't show up a few times... You know the Times you really need them to... Made me pre pay and the last time they no showed me I said refund  and cancel service...that never happened so I had two previous reviews one good one bad I decided to sell my house I called Agnes the owner said I would take down the bad review if they would come clean and never mind the refund she sent out two people who seemed to have never cleaned in their life they did hardly any thing mind you I had paid them! After two hours (I was promised three people three hours) two people I said good job you can leave more like just leave but the couple was nice just had no idea and I spent the next four hours doing everything myself thanks for nothing!
5	Charlie's Maids are fantastic!  Thank you Charlie's for making my house presentable!I needed a new house cleaning service recently, so of course I used handy dandy Yelp to see what house cleaning services were making people happy right now.  I tried calling the first company that was listed and I couldn't get anyone to answer the phone or call me back after leaving voicemails.  After a couple of tries, I moved on to the #2 company, Charlie's Maids.  And I am so very happy that I did!First off, my phone call was answered right away by the owner, Agnes.  She was super friendly and helpful.  She was out of the office at the time and asked me to send her some info about my house.  She said she would get back to me when she could get to the office and she totally DID.  I thought I was going to have to wait until the next weekday at the earliest (I had called on a Saturday), but Agnes got back to me in about an hour.  Nice!The day of my first service was simply wonderful as well.  I hadn't had my house cleaned in a while, so it was in massive need of some help.  The secret is out, I am a disaster when it comes to housekeeping! Shhhh, don't tell anyone!  Anyway, my first service was going to be a deep clean to get everything back in order.  I have done this in the past, and most companies charge a flat fee for a certain amount of time and then an extra fee for addition time needed after the initial amount.  Charlie's does it with a flat fee and they work until it is done, even if it takes all day.  I think they spent over 3 hours making my house sparkle! I paid $169 for the deep clean for a 3 bedroom, 2.5 bath, 2 story house.  This is a great price, in my opinion, especially considering the quality of the services rendered.  There were no hidden up-charges along the way or any hidden fees for anything.  Nice!I liked how the deep clean service went as well.  On the first visit, Irene met me ready to go and jumped right into it.  She did a walk through of my embarrassingly messy house along side me.  She explained what was included in the service I purchased.  She told me everything that would be in in each room, and if there were other options that would cost more, if I was interested.  It was nice to know what to expect.  She also asked me in each room if there was something special I wanted done.  Nice!At the end of the cleaning, Irene did a walk through with me again to make sure I was happy with everything they had done.  She said if I was ever not happy with something, just let her know and they would work at it until I was pleased.  Great customer service all the way around.  Nice!I have had a couple biweekly cleanings since my first cleaning with Charlie's and have been very happy with each one.   At the beginning of each one, Irene asks me if I need anything special done in any of the rooms.  She is always super pleasant and delightful.  She always makes sure I am happy at the end as well.  I so love good customer service! The staff is super friendly as well.  I have had other companies who send out the most unfriendly people ever or people who seemed annoyed by having to come to my house.  Irene and her team of 2 others were so friendly and fun.  They all seemed like good people and were so easy to talk too.  I have a very friendly toddler who decided to make friends with the ladies that came out, though she wasn't so sure about the man that was there.  Every other minute, my kiddo would escape from me and run over to help the ladies with the cleaning.  They were nice to her and even showed her how different things worked, like the vacuum.  My kiddo had a blast and wanted to play with them instead of with me.  The ladies were very nice to her and didn't get mad at her at all.  Nice!The prices are all very reasonable for the quality of service you get.  The deep clean was $169 for my average sized house.  I have been getting biweekly service since then and I pay $189 for that.  It is a bit more than I have paid in the past, but the customer service and quality totally make the difference worthwhile.So after several great cleanings, I am very, very happy with Charlie's Maids.  If you need a new house cleaning service, check out Charlie's Maids for sure!
5	Growing up my mother cleaned houses for a living, so my whole life I knew exactly how a home should be cleaned. And I must say, Irene and her team do an UNBELIEVABLE job! I couldn't be happier with the service and it is well worth the $$$$!!
5	Had my cleaning service done on Saturday, fast and excellent service. My home feels and looks great! Highly recommend Charlie's Maids, we will be using them again! I love that they sent 3 people to get the job done. My stove looks brand new!
5	We used Charlie's Maids to clean the house we sold and the house we bought. Alex and his. Crew did a great job. Reasonable price, on time, and trustworthy. Can't beat it! Will be using them again!
5	Used them to clean my house when I moved out.  They did a great job, was on time for their appointment, reasonable price and made my house shine, would highly recommend them.
1	They NEVER showed up to our house and never made a phone call... I left numerous messages and they failed to return them. I paid the service before hand and they scammed us!! We are very giving and accommodating people.. They took all my credit card and security code Info. I was preparing for a baby shower and they left us high and dry. I cannot believe it!!! wtf!! Now I'm worried they are scamming us completely.
