3	We started with our first RV back when we were 21 yrs old.  Camping World has always come thru with having RV supplies.  No complaints with the friendly staff who are mostly knowledgeable with your obscure problems with an RV.  The down side now is that they joined forces with Good Sam's Club.  We were not happy about this since back in the day Good Sam would not insure a young driver.  We couldn't believe that a mature driver at 21 who was responsible enough to fix up and own an RV could not be insured by them verses an elderly (loosing hearing, sight, and reflexes).  Good Sam segregated based on age. To this day we pass the word on about this company.  Now we hope that Camping World still delivers their friendly service to all!!!  Gotta join the Camping World club to enjoy the discounts on products.
2	Since acquiring an RV my husband and I have been to 3 Camping Worlds. The one way out South on Las Vegas Blvd is the one we actually purchased our RV at. This Camping World is WAY out on Boulder Highway. The other one we've been to was in California.All Camping World's are about the same. I believe most of them have places where they do work on RVs and of course the retail portion. Prices are steep for certain items. You are always going to see the normal price and the "Good Sam" price. You must be a member to get that price. We are members.This particular CW had some pretty poor customer service. My husband inquired with a young lady working the cash register how much wax/cleaning agent we would need to buy in order to wash our RV. She didn't know and asked another individual working there - who also, didn't know. In the end my husband ended up doing math in his head depending upon how big our RV is versus how many liquid ounces, etc. So, the employees were pretty much useless here.I didn't find the actual store to be bad. Everything was clean and they do have a lot of selection for different items. It's just that I would hope the staff would be a bit more educated on the products.
5	We got our own RV this week and had the pleasure of calling the parts dept. at this camping world. I had the pleasure of speaking with TONY GIGS. AMAZING EXPERIENCE!!! The nicest guy ever!!! I cannot even say how super duper nice he was...did not try to over sell me....showed us around...super super super great experience. Camping World should be very very very grateful to have Tony as a representative to their company!!! If i could give 20 stars I would!!
3	These folks were okay.  They took care of our problem from another Camping World without a hitch.
2	The store itself is clean and well stocked.That's it on the good stuff. The customer service is terrible! I was in the store on two occasions this week and both times I felt as though I was an interruption to the cashier.Someone really needs to work on customer service skill, your making all the stores look bad with your lack of customer service. We are full timer's and have traveled all over the U.S.A and have gone to many different Camping Worlds.We come up to the cash register, no one in front of us, the phone rings and the cashier answers the phone, we are completely ignored as she speaks to apparently a sales person asking about phone numbers. We wait and wait, she makes a few faces at the phone caller, then finally the call is over. No she doesn't apologize for the wait, asks what she can do for us? How about ring up our order?We go back a couple days later, because someone decides he wanted something else that he didn't get the first time. This cashier is talking with some other employees then turns to us and looks at us, so I give her our card number, she then asks if we wants to renew it? It's good till 2016 I say, she says, they are required to ask. Okay...No thanks have a nice day, or anything.
