3	I'm not a big Hallmark shopper.  It's too easy top buy cards almost anywhere else.  That being said, I wanted to get a card for a friend and since Amy's Hallmark is near my home, I drove here and got the card.Amy's has a good selection and is a typical Hallmark store.  I regret the move by Hallmark to make so many cards with sound.  Just give me a good, old fashioned card with a  nice saying.  Or give me something humorous without the razzle dazzle.
4	Am I the only one that could spend an hour in Hallmark?I take a while to pick out cards- to me, cards are very personal from the person giving the card to the person receiving the card.  So I like to take a look at a few cards and make my decision.  The workers are very friendly and helpful, but also leave you alone.I also like to purchase my Yankee Candles from here as well.  They have a great selection and they special deals on the candles.They have lots of gift bags and tissue paper which is sometimes a life saver if you are on your way to a party.Note: sign up for their rewards program.  You receive coupons in the mail that definitely add up!This is my go-to Hallmark as it's near my house and they always have what I need.
4	Super clean Hallmark store with super friendly employees. I love this place. It is well stocked, well organized and a great place to shop. I love the Hallmark-y smell it has too. A great place to pick up a last minute hostess gift or card.
3	Great service at this location
3	Store is clean and stocked!  Lots of nick-nacky stuff that I don't need but it was a good spot to find some Mothers Day cards/gifts.  The customer service was great except for the older lady who was creeping me out like she was following me. LOL  The staff seemed to know the regulars which is always a good sign.  Store was pretty busy for during the day on a week day.  Who doesn't love a bit of Hallmark?!
4	At least two stores on my side of town have closed over the past few years.  Although I buy my cards at Hallmark, I also love coming in and checking out all the knick knacks.This is a small store, but is jammed packed.  I took my time looking at the cards, picking out the ones that tug at my heart sleeve.  When I read one and start to tear up, I know that's the one.  Sending cards is very personal, and I love finding the magic words that I wish I could say, but can never quite get them to come out as poetically as a Hallmark card.I have a huge collection of cat "tchotchkes" and found one to add to my collection.  When I went to check out it was a topic of delightful conversation during the process.  Friendly staff, nice selection, always a pleasure to shop.
4	I love the selection of Hallmark cards that this Hallmark location has in stock.  The staff is always helpful and friendly.  They can help you find the right card for any occasion. They also always have a great selection and quantity of Hallmark keepsake ornaments.I am giving them a four star rating instead of five for two reasons.  First they close at 8 PM during the week instead of 9, which I find inconvenient.  Second their selection of items that aren't cards or ornaments is a little underwhelming and a little overpriced
5	This is my go to store for cards.  I prefer Hallmark to supermarkets, Target, etc., because I feel the selection is so much better.  Plus with some cards costing almost $5 I appreciate their customer reward program.  I am always getting emails with coupons  for free cards, credit on my account and $10 off coupons.  Employees are always helpful.  My only complaint is that they don't have typical retail hours.  During the week they are open 9-8 making a morning stop perfect but an evening stop inconvenient. Also, most Hallmark coupons are stackable.
