3	Pros: Relatively clean, organized, easy to find. I was able to buy what I needed. Cons: The older gentleman who works here should work on his customer service skills. When I was here, I was one of two customers and there were two employees.  The younger one was helping someone else, and the older employee had me wait till he was ready. I needed coolant for a mini, and the older guy made me wait till the younger one was available since he wasn't sure which kind my car needed. As it turns out, just regular coolant nothing fancy. Then at the cash register, the older gentleman rang up customers up before me who had not been waiting as long as I had.
5	I went here today because I was having some issues with my car starting and I thought it might be a battery issue. I walked in and Deon helped me right away and immediately after I opened the hood he saw the corrosion on my battery and pointed out that was the problem. After he spent at least ten minutes cleaning that off and carefully looked at the terminal he told me I would need to replace that because it was just too far gone. So I was just about ready to leave and drive off to a shop to spend who knows how much money, a mechanic walked in. Deon and he helped me change my terminal and fixed the corrosion, it runs like a dream now! I am forever grateful, thank you!!
5	Went in for brake pads and was helped by Hector T. So helpful gave me some great tips yhat saved a ton of time. Also brakes had lifetime warranty so tjey were FREE!
5	I cannot speak highly enough about the guys who work here. Hector is always very helpful & has been willing to offer his knowledge more than once in questions I've had for my Nissan Versa. Excellent customer service.
5	Thank you so much Angel you were very helpful. I have been to other autozone before and did'n't a great experience.  Not going to lie i would go to other stores part  stores before i would go to Autozones but I had to because of my battery. He went above and beyond then a lot of ppl would do. You will be seeing me again and asking Angel next time i need parts or help with my car. One thing I never got to say to him Happy HolidaysNolan W.
