5	We could not be happier with the services provided by Kevin and his team.  He really doesn't miss a beat when it comes to caring for our furry child.  Kevin is dependable and really great about communicating with us as clients about things big and small.  Not only this, but we can tell Kevin and his crew work with our dog when they are out and about with her since we have noticed an improvement in her behavior during our own walks with her. After trying a different dog walking company, we are so grateful to have found Downtown Pittsburgh Dogs to care for our beloved pet!
5	Downtown Pittsburgh Dogs has been the best thing to happen to me and my pooch.  I've tried several different walkers in the Pittsburgh area, and Kevin and his team truly offer outstanding service. They are extremely dependable and their communication is excellent. They've always been able to schedule my pup last minute when something pops up on my calendar. Like the review before me, you can tell they work with her on her walks, she's listening better to commands and her behavior has changed for the better. I definitely recommend this dog walking service to anyone who's looking!
5	Kevin and his team of walkers/sitters are reliable, friendly, honest, & trust-worthy.  I feel so relaxed leaving my dog in their care for both overnight boarding or day-time walks and feedings.  They have my full trust and confidence.  I know my dog is getting a lot of exercise with their team because she always comes home tired.  They are such a great Pittsburgh company.
5	Downtown Pittsburgh Dogs has been a godsend for me and my dog Mia. I'm in Pittsburgh for a long term work contract and had to bring my dog Mia being she's my little girl. I was considering dog daycare or a walker and had no daycare nearby and Mia prefers home anyway so I was referred to DPD and Kevin by The Crate Escape, who I originally selected but they didn't service my area. So I called Kevin and we met and he's a great guy so I felt comfortable. So the first day I joined to make Mia feel at ease and also see what it's like. It was an awesome walk for use both and I knew Mia could be home while I'm working and she'd get a break to exercise, pee and poop. That evening I decided it was such a excellent walk that I'd do 2 per day. It's been perfect! And I come home and even have a journal entry for each walk. For anyone that has a dog downtown home during the day I HIGHLY recommend DPD. Your dog will be happier, healthier, and will likely lose behavioral issues because your dog needs to connect with other dogs and people and they need exercise. And your pooch will sleep better and be calmer in the evening so you can rest and sleep better too. DPD IS AWESOME!
5	I just moved to Pittsburgh a week ago and was in need of a dog walker. Lionel and l are lucky to have found Kevin. When looking for service I reached out to a few, while others didn't seem to care if they got the business or not, kevin responded promply. Any reach out I place, he call me back promply. When he came to do a meet and greet with me and Lionel I asked him about behavior sessions and unlike other companies who would try and lock you into sessions he said we should do an assessment first to see what lionel really needed and I appreciate that. Lionel has had three visits with lionel already and it gives me great peace of mind to know my pup is in good hands.Its only been a few visits so I will update in a few weeks but I have no doubts it will continue to go well.
