5	Thankyou Cactus Preschool for teaching my daughter so much and working with her, you have been so helpful with my family. Your the best daycare in my eyes!
5	The service at Cactus Preschool is great, they prepare your kids for preschool and getting that head start to kindergarden.
5	Our 19-month old son started there last week and I could not be more thrilled about the quality of care he has been receiving.  From the Director down to his primary care provider, the communication is excellent and it is evident that they go the extra mile for him, providing the attention and instruction he needs.  I highly recommend this place.
5	I know this is a long review but I hope at least one parent finds it helpful....Our two year old attends cactus preschool and we could not be more pleased. Prior to Cactus our little guy went to a "big name" preschool (I wont mention the name) but it was horrible. Cactus has superseded our expectations on multiple occasions. The first week at his new school was a little rough and my little guy cried for the first 10 minutes every time we dropped him off. His teachers were patient and welcoming and now my son claps and sings when we pull up to the building. When I call to check on him they give me updates with out hesitation and with out making me feel like a parent that is being too needy. My son ALWAYS comes home with the cutest crafts that he made in class, the refrigerator ran out of space very quickly! My husband doesn't typically pick my son up and when he did the afternoon teacher made him run back to the car to get his ID before they would release our son to him. I was very impressed by that b/c teaches at his old school would just "take our word for it" =\ . My son got hurt while playing a fun game in his class and they called me almost immediately and tended to his tiny injury just as I would have, ice pack and some extra TLC. When i pick him up, his teacher always has control of the class room but in a way that is nurturing and interactive.  I really like the small window on the class room door. It lets me look in and see what and how my son is doing before disrupting the flow of things. I'm always pleased with what I see. We are potting training my son and they are so helpful with the process. His teacher actually asked us to bring in some big boy underwear, the previous school did not want the hassle of taking him to the bathroom every 30 mins to an hour and cleaning accidents. If you are looking for quality childcare I highly recommend Cactus on Southern. I feel like I'm leaving my little guy with a second family b/c they seem to care about the kids and not just the payment at the end of the week. Which by the way is another great feature. You only pay for service you actually use, if your kid is sick or you want to take a family day you don't have to pay if your child doesn't attend. Even on my days off I'm tempted to take him because he loves it so much and he really gets a lot out of it.My only complaint is the location. Its not in the best area and shares the corner with a gas station that is your typical south phoenix gas station. I really don't like that but I'm glad I didn't let it deter me from enrolling because the quality here really is exceptional.
