4	I first stepped in the door a bit disappointed only seeing the Mexican bakery treats but a few more steps in they have huge mouthwatering doughnuts and at a good price. Good thing I ignored my initial reaction. They have amazing Oreo doughnuts I still have dreams about and I'm not a big doughnut person. I am going to dock them a point because I wasn't too impressed with the selection but what they did have was great!
4	I was totally craving donuts... Stopped by here... Really scary place to walk into,, something you would see on the show the WIRE or the Corner,, well anyways...  There were 2 hispanic ladies working there,, they had a good selection of donuts as well as rolls...  I got the texas sized cinnanon bun and the glazed.... I really enjoyed them.... They are like 3x the size of a normal donut...  Good Prices and a Good donut,,, I totally recommend this joint,, if you dont mind the decor...
5	I found this place on yelp, and went there at 3 in the morning for a cup of coffee and a donut. I also got the pastrami torta since it was lunchtime for my night shift. I couldn't wait to eat the donut until I got home, so I had it in the car... And it took all I had to not turn around and go get another. I'm glad I didn't because this pastrami is melting my face off. It's a bit of a hole in the wall... But who cares!? The lady that helped me was nice, and its good food at a good price! Ill be back! :)
5	This place is delicious and always fresh. I swear that when they see someone pull up, they drop a fresh batch of donuts. Granted the decor and set up is a bit sketch, it's the product that matters. So if you're brave enough to not judge a place by it's outward appearance, you're in for the most delicious donuts in North Town.
5	I work up the street night shift. They have tamales oh my god are they good filling and inexpensive. I don't care what it looks like on the outside the tamales are awesome
1	the positive reviews must have been written by people with the munchies. The tamale was decent but the donuts were heavy and the girl at the counter had no clue of what she was selling. They are currently looking for someone who can make donuts. Sign at the door said experience is not necessary.
5	What a dump in the hood, but darn it they have the best donuts in Las Vegas.  Staff is friendly.  I'm afraid to go there at night, but for these donuts I am willing to risk it.  I just shop fast and remember to lock the car.   Don't loiter around outside or you'll probably get offered something illegal.  Which might be your thing, but I'm just here for the donuts.  Moist.  Fresh.   A big selection.
