3	This place grinds their meat and actually listens to you when you ask for a burger "well-done" The sweet potato fries were served with a crazy dipping sauce of maple syrup, etc, but somehow it worked well for dipping. Two issues though. The menu says "Cheeseburger" for $9.99 and she asked what kind of cheese I want. Surprise, surprise about the $1 cheese charge. That's a first - a cheeseburger that costs extra for cheese. Also , when "hot" waitress Emily asks what kind of fries I want, she fails to mention that Sweet Potato Fries are $2.99 extra. A little heads up might help, but gotta overlook that as these girls are wearing corsets and are really nice to you, sort of like a modified strip club.
4	Update: Owner offered free meal based on my review which was very nice considering I actually liked the food here. Things were even better on my return visit as bartender Tiffany and owner Chris made me feel right at home. The Chicken Scallopini that Tiffany suggested was awesome with a nice bold splash of garlic in the sauce that covered the tender chicken breasts and angel hair pasta. This is a super friendly local bar and one of only a handful in Vegas that has the good food to match up with the great service and of course the sexy corset-wearing bartenders don't hurt the atmosphere a bit either.
5	I am going to make this short and sweet.  I had THE best burger I have ever eaten at this establishment.  I have no words except it is basically a food orgasm.  Service was outstanding.  You don't visit, you are just plain nuts.
5	My friends and I stopped by here this afternoon after our camping trip as they have been here a few times before.  They raved about the Laguna Burger. I don't eat beef, so I ordered the Thanksgiving Burger which was a turger burger with stuffing mixed right into the meat, cranberry sauce on top, lettuce, tomato, onion, and served with sweet potato fries with an orange dipping sauce. It was delicious!!!!  They also just started an new BJ's Ladies Rewards program where you can get free makeup, accesories, and be entered to win prizes in their monthly drawings. The bartender mentioned a breast augmentation this time. Holy crap!  The food is great, the beer specials during football are great, and I just found a new hangout when I'm bored on Sundays!
5	Had the BBQ burger.  Honestly one of the best burgers I've ever had in my life.  Not sure what element made it so great, but I was very impressed.  I've been to many places where they charge $15-25 for a burger but this was far better at a reasonable price!
5	I love going in the mornings and eating breakfast vaso is the best!
5	Just had my fourth different dinner at BJ's at Valley View and W Martin. This time it was lemon pepper chicken with mash potatoes, zucchini and squash. Again, the food was excellent! I've been to a couple high end places on the Strip and my opinion is the food at BJ's is much better. This is not your typical bar food. High quality, well presented, ample quantity.On top of that, the staff is great. The ladies are friendly and attentive. Service is excellent.This BJ's location has a nice crowd on the weekdays and is quieter on the weekends. Just the way I like it. Also, there is a large separate dining area if you choose not to sit at the bar.
2	Did a google search for a place close to our neighborhood that served prime rib (pregnant chick craving), and low and behold...this place specifically had Thursday night prime rib specials. The service was friendly and fast, the prime rib hit the spot but...I can't honestly dub it the best I've had here in Las Vegas - granted, I've only had prime rib at the Broiler Room inside the Boulder Station which is were my love of prime rib started.It's close to our house so...I've probably be back when the craving hits ;)
4	Good food. The menu always changes though. If you like something, remember exactly what was on your plate. They rotate staff all the time so you never have someone who knows what was on the menu last week. 4 stars was given bc they have a punch card, after 10 your next meal is free. They also have a ladies 10% card too.
4	Gone here a couple of times sporadically, but the bartender remembered my drink making me feel super welcome. I had the caprese salad, which was awesome! Hubby had the gyro sliders and hummus, which was tasty. The food is a little pricey for a neighborhood bar but from what I tried is worth it.
3	The wings were good and other food looked pretty decent.  Not much of a selection of beers and it was pretty dead when we went in.  Amanda the barmaid was nice and chatty.
