5	Dr. Riley is such a nice change from my previous experiences with doctors.  He is attentive, takes his time to listen, and even follows up with me, personally, to see how I am doing.  When I went in to see him for mild chest pain, which I believed to be heartburn, he insisted that I be evaluated by a cardiologist the next day.  After failing my stress test at the cardiologist's office due to a nearly 100% blockage of the main artery to my heart, I was immediately sent to the hospital for emergency surgery.  Because of Dr. Riley's serious approach to my symptoms and his staff's hard work at getting me into see a cardiologist as soon as possible, I truly believe that I avoided a major heart attack or worse.  I cannot thank him enough.  In addition to being my trusted personal physician, he was also my elderly parents' physician.  He and his staff were always kind, supportive and respectful to them.  It seems difficult to find doctors today who genuinely show care and concern for patients both in the way that they treat them medically, as well as personally.  I have been fortunate to find that in Dr. Riley.
5	Finding a Family Doctor can be difficult and I have been having a rough time doing so since my former Doctor retired recently.  The requirements I had were...1.  MD2.  Office with one or two doctors...I hate when there are a bunch of people in the waiting room( especially gross sick ones ugh!).3.  Friendly, staff that actually returns calls!4.  Doctor that doesn't make you feel rushed and listens to your issues!5.  Easy to access, not in a big building that is hard to park in.6.  Available appointments.Dr. Riley is all these things and more.  I'm  really happy with the ease and the great medical care.  His nurses are good with needles as well.  I had to get my blood taken and a few shots and she performed like a pro with confidence!So, if you are in need of a new Doctor I highly recommend Dr. Riley.  I think they also take most insurances as well!
5	Dr. Riley has been my doc for 6 or 7 years now.  When I first went to his office, I was confused.  There weren't a ton of people in the waiting room.  I didn't have to wait one hour in the waiting room and another hour in the room.  As soon as Dr. Riley walked in, I started my "speed-recitation of current symptoms" - (this because my previous MD actually would look at his watch and note the time - and then do it again at the end of the "consult") - Dr. Riley listened calmly.  I was confused again, when he didn't just tell me I could pick up my prescription at the counter on my way out.  He actually TALKED with me.  He asked questions.  He didn't make a mad dash for the door!  Miraculous!!  And the good news is that this has not changed in all these years.  I don't have insurance, so Dr. Riley works with me on that.  He and his wife, the staff, everyone is great in this little gem of an office.  Dr. Riley is a real FAMILY doctor - he is always there for you.  What more could you possibly ask for?
5	Dr. Riley is very down to earth person who just happens to be really smart and have a medical degree.  I'm usually pretty freaked out by doctors, medical offices, etc. but I don't feel that way with Dr. Riley - he is very calm and a good listener.  His office is small and you can usually get an appointment the same day or next.
2	Tried to schedule an appointment today as a new patient because I broke my hand in a motorcycle accident, and was turned down. Receptionist said they take one new patient a day and as of 6/14 they are already booked until July. What? No sense of urgency.
5	Dr. Riley is great. I've only met with him twice, but have found each appt. very pleasant. He's welcoming and easy to communicate with.In addition, the ladies facilitating his office are kind and friendly; and have been very helpful during my past two visits.
5	I have been going to DR. Riley for a couple years and I would recommend him to anyone that wants a doctor that is very handles on. He is always the one that sees you unlike some offices that have PA ect. he always takes time to call me about my lab results. I have always had great service and experience
2	Dr. Riley is very nice.  I don't know how much he truly "hears" me, but I think he tries.  The office manager is a different story.  I had a visit in early 2013 and reported difficulty breathing.  The doctor was supposed to call in an inhaler.  Two days later, nothing had been called in.  I followed up and was again told it was called in.  Went to the pharmacy (verified location) and they had received nothing.  I went back a few months later for stomach virus symptoms.  The initial visit and mishap was totally disregarded and not even "remembered" for that matter.  I had to pay another visit shortly after because my symptoms were not getting better.  Nothing was done, and I spent about 5 minutes with the doctor.  I was told it would get better on its own.  Now...  Since September, I have had an open balance with this office, and I SHOULD have called to pay it sooner.  Having said that, I can also say there is no justification for the message left on my voice mail by the office manager.  It was downright rude and condescending.  She was shaming me and bringing up my place of employment.  I was totally shocked at how unprofessional her message was.  Needless to say, she got what she wanted...  but I will not go back to that office...  the mediocre service was semi-acceptable; however, the office manager's disrespectful and inappropriate behaviour is totally OVER THE LINE.
5	Hello, I have been going to Dr Riley for almost a year. I moved, Got new insurance and needed a new Dr that was close. As a new patient I was nervous, how ever when I got there the front office ladies were very friendly and the Dr spent about 30 min with me. I had lots of questions and concerns about my health ( it had been sometime since I had seen a doc). I'm approaching 38 and preventive maintenance is now important. I found Dr Riley on YELP, I found all of the reviews helpful. Thank You To Dr Riley and all the staff at Biltmore healthcare!!!
5	Been seeing Dr Riley for years. He recently moved to Banner Healthcare. I like him. He has called me at home a couple of times to check on me. I was pretty ill but how often have you had that happen?!  He is a great doctor and a compassionate human being. And he loves fly fishing!
