5	Love the chicken philly cheesesteak - especially with horseradish sauce. Judy's Noodle Doodles are yummy full of butterscotch, crisp chinese noodles and nuts!  Great food and people - thank you Jim  and Judy for opening up your new home!
5	SO Glad I found these guys again! In case you somehow don't yet know, after the original Triple Play closed, the cook set-up shop here, adjacent/adjoined to Boodles. The place is pretty cozy, but it's clean and comfortable....and it's the only place to get your hands on an original Triple Play cheesesteak. It's every bit as perfect as it used to be, too. I was near devastated when, after only a handful of visits, the old place cut-off my cheesesteak connection by closing down...and I know I'm not alone. Well, dry your eyes, Las Vegas, they're back! So stop in, help re-support a Vegas institution  and take advantage of the glorious rebirth of the undisputed best Philly Cheesesteak in NV. You'll be glad you did, especially when you see how genuinely happy they seem to have you come in. And yeah, while I don't think it's the entire oldschool menu, it's all of the classics and favorites....done exactly right. Booyah!
5	In a town that is constantly trying to reinvent itself, it's nice that there are still some things you can count on,  like great food and friendly service at Triple Play American Grill.  After the namesake restaurant closed it's doors last December,  several of us long time locals were left with a hankering for some of the favorites we loved for so long.   At the new TPAG the atmosphere is relaxed and everyone is super friendly, but most importantly, our favorite dishes are back!  The tender and delicious cheesesteaks, hearty burgers, stacked sandwiches and even fresh salads for those watching their figures.  Classic American, done right.  We are so glad Jim has found a new home and can't wait to go back!!
5	My parents have been getting these cheese steaks since like 1987. Ive been experiencing the awesomeness since I can remember (born in 1992). I was torn apart when I drove by and saw the old place closed. Ive been checking online periodically to see if there was any news. To my surprise tonight I saw the restaurant moved. So of course I called and ordered the same cheese steak Ive been eating since I was 5 years old. It was everything I remembered and more. The mushrooms, peppers, and onions were super flavorful! Curly fries are slightly thicker but otherwise exactly the same. Bun was different as well, it held up better to the massive amount of topping on this sadwhich.  The inside of the restaurant is cleaner and more inviting than the previous location. I love this place so much and will continue to go here as long as the food is around. I will be spreading the word. If you love a great cheese steak come here!
5	I wish the place were bigger, like the old location.  BUT...Same fantastic food!  Same fantastic wait staff (LOVE YA KELLY)!  And now the place is kid friendly since it's separate from / adjacent to Boodles Tavern.
3	Stopped in for lunch- friendly staff and owner reminded us of all the businesses that have been in this space for the past several years, most recently a hotdog place but way back in '09 had the best damn barbeque ever as Red Apple Barbeque.In any case, this place now specializes in cheese steaks- so we tried the 5" Moe (grilled onions and mushrooms, my favorite combination) with curly fries and a 6-piece order of the buffalo wings.Cheese steak was tasty- very literal interpretation of the dish, with plenty of shaved steak and melty cheese sauce woven into the entire sandwich. Onions and mushrooms were perfect, fresh roll it was served on held up without being too hard or too soft.Wings were also decent- hot here would be considered mild anywhere else, but they were decently sized and had good flavor.Service was polite, business began to pick up as we left around 4PM.
5	Yep...definitely coming back here.  Kelly our waitress was such a sweet woman. Got our Cheesy Cheesesteak Club card. :-)
3	I ordered a big philly with everything and ate it next door at Boodles.The sandwich was fine.  But for $13, I expect a little better than "fine."  I've had better Philly cheesesteak sandwiches elsewhere, and I'm from North Dakota for crying out loud.Eating the sandwich at Boodles wasn't the greatest idea either.  It's small and appears to have a regular customer base.  I've been treated on a contiuum ranging from indifference to hostility on earlier visits to Boodles.On a previous visit, I got the stink eye from some wannabe biker guy for about 15 minutes.  Just a heads-up to biker guy...your tough guy facade would be more effective if you were not watching golf on TV.  Jesus.
5	I'm so excited that I found the original chef from the former Triple Play! Food is wonderful as usual & so is the service! Now for Jim to bring back the French Dip or at the very least the Au Jus! That would make me super happy!
5	Back again for a second helping of a cheesesteak and wings I was still blown away on how awesome the food and service. All I can say triple play is a Great little local spot hands down the best Philly cheesesteak in Vegas
5	Good to have them back up and operating in a new location.  Excellent Philly's.
4	I'm so happy they found a new location. The Philly Cheese-Steak is by far the best. The bread they get is amazing! It soaks up the juice without falling apart. The burgers are also great, made to order with whatever your little heart desires, and as always, the people are friendly and take good care of you.
4	The legendary Las Vegas Philly Cheesesteak is back! This is the same Triple Play that used to be at the corner of Oakey and Decatur, until the buildings owners decided to worship at the godless altar of capitalism, and sold out to put in a garbage slot machine parlor! Just what local Vegas needs: more Jackpot Joanie's & Dotty's... But I digress!I was in Philly this last winter, and ate the top local rated sandwich in town. That cheesesteak was great, and to be honest, I can't tell the difference from the downtown Philly sandwich to the Triple Play sandwich. Thin sliced steak, provolone cheese, onions and peppers. They have a fairly wide array of other food you'd expect in a bar. And of course there is a glass barrier that splits the restaurant from the bar, so smokers next door aren't an issue. I spread the word to a few co-workers that Triple Play is back, and all of them were super excited to be able to grab lunch here again! Bottom line, this is the Las Vegas Philly cheesesteak to have. Enjoy!
5	So glad that we found out it is the same cook and great food as the old place, everything we ordered was great!  Excited that it is close and we will definitely return! The staff was great very friendly!
4	Good news, bad news. Good news is that Triple Play is BACK! Bad news is that it's not QUITE the same Triple Play that I remember.When I learned months ago that the Triple Play on Oakey and Decatur had closed, I was heartbroken. GONE was a great, smoky Vegas bar with beer by the pitcher. GONE was a pretty tasty cheesesteak.  And, worst of all, GONE was the best club sandwich I have ever eaten. But then I learned through Yelp that -- like the phoenix -- Triple Play had risen from the ashes and had been rechristened as "Triple Play American Grill." It's taken us some time, but my husband and I stopped by the new location today for lunch. And while the ambiance leaves a little to be desired, it's still the same great food that I love, even if the portions are a little smaller than I remember. (And no pizzas or ostrich burgers, old timers.)Of course I ordered the club sandwich. And while it tasted as good as ever, it seemed a bit small. (Maybe that's just a false memory, because I still ended up taking home half the sandwich like I used to do.) The steak fries tasted the same, but that portion seemed a bit skimpy, too.My husband had the patty melt with curly fries. Same great sandwich; same great fries. But, once again, the portion seemed a little smaller than before.Our waitress was friendly and attentive, but we were the only ones in the small, brightly lit place. How I miss the days of waiting for a booth in the darkened back room on Decatur! But this is now the Triple Play AMERICAN Grill, and you can sure tell by the decor. (All I can say is, USA! USA!)We didn't order drinks from the adjacent Boodles Tavern, so I'm not sure if they offer beer by the pitcher. And we didn't order a cheesesteak, although that seems to be a popular item, if the menu is any indication. (Lots of different versions are available, and the restaurant's branding proclaims itself Home of "THE CHEESESTEAK.") But our food was great, as expected. I just miss the smoky goodness (and tiny beer glasses) of the original Triple Play. I'm sure I'll be back; I just need to move into the future and remember the past with fondness. I'm glad the reincarnated Triple Play exists. But I still miss you, old-school Triple Play. (Sad tear. And ... scene.)
4	Philly - AMAZING!  Had to take a star away because it reeks like smoke from the attached gaming room. Fast friendly service.
4	I have to change my rating because I was very unhappy with my order this time. Food was still good for my husband and son but they both got burgers. I ordered a cheesesteak with easy peppers, mushrooms and extra cheese I asked that they cook the fries extra crispy so that they are not soggy when I get home. My sandwich was dripping in grease and my bread was falling apart and my fries were under cooked forget about my request.I do have to say that I did not see Jim so I am not sure if someone else prepared.I will give it awhile before we try it again.
