4	Never has a line and easy to access.
3	I was staying at a family member's home near Anthem and needed to mail a package. Ok, so there are US Post Offices everywhere, right? Always on a main drag and easy to find. Well, this one is not.Definitely not a a main drag . . . and certainly not easy to find. Once you look it up on Google, Map Quest, or the USPS website you think "no problem." But . . . it is at the end of a long dead end road across from a walled residential area. It is far enough out on the dead end that you are tempted to turn around several times thinking you are on the wrong street or it can't possibly be way out here . . . .but just keep your foot on the gas pedal and keep trucking along. You will eventually reach your destination on your right. Nice new modern post office. Plenty of parking and as another reviewer said "never has a line." Quite frankly, I think that is because most everyone else gave up and turned around.Customer service reps were not all that friendly either . . . I think they are just plain bored. My post office at home is super busy and the CS reps are smiling and friendly.  Lesson learned. Most folks do a much better job when they are busy and have regular interaction with customers. Maybe this will pick up as the area grows . . . perhaps the government needs to put a sign at the end of 43rd and Anthem Way letting folks know that their PO is just down the road a piece?
4	I had a great experience at this Post Office earlier this week and thought, "I need to Yelp about them!"  I would have given them a 5 stars, but its a Post Office...  Yes they are slow, they don't have enough staff and everyone's trying to get their Christmas Cards sent all at the same time.  But despite these issues, the people that work at this Post Office rock!!  The very nice lady that helped me suggested a different way for me to ship my package that was more secure and it saved me some Cha - Ching $$Cash-o-la$$!! This is a solid go to place if you're needing to ship something you just purchased at the Anthem outlets or if you live in the area!
3	Closest post office to my mom's house... Which is NOT close. Seems like an old station, but they had the Automated Postal Center so I didn't have to deal with any humans. Completely run of the mill USPS experience.
4	Although I live just a couple of blocks north of Happy Valley Road and there's a Post Office at the 101 and Behrend, this is my Post Office, 20 miles away behind the Anthem outlet stores.I needed to renew my passport in person and all of the in-town locations were booked out 5-6 weeks.  I called this location on a whim and sure enough, they were able to get me in within a week.  And then on top of it they called and moved the date up a few more days.The service was professional and efficient, they were ready for me at my schedule time and finished up the application within 15 minutes, it was a very nice experience. Plus it gave me the excuse to stop at my favorite outlet store, Pearl Izumi before I made the trek back home.  Great job USPS, I know you don't hear that enough.
