5	DA BESS' LOCAL KINE GRINDZ ON DA MAINLAND. Same owners as "Aloha Specialties" in The California hotel. Ono to say the least, they get pretty much anything you can think of that they would have at any Drive-Inn back home (Hawaii). cheap too! Check 'em out:COMBINATION PLATESServed with rice & Macaroni Salad. Mix any 2 pay highest price plus 50.Ross Js Special, 8.50Teriyaki Steak, Mahi, Spam, Fried ChickenMix Plate, 6.95Teriyaki Steak, Chicken, MahiTeriyaki Combo, 6.95Teriyaki Steak, Chicken, Pork LoinBento, 6.95Teriyaki Steak, Spam, ChickenLocal, 6.952 Musubi, Teriyaki Beef, Teriyaki ChickenTeriyaki PlatesRibeye, 6.95Butter Fish, 8.50Roast Pork, 6.50Burger Steak, 6.50Chicken, 6.50FAVORITESServed with rice & Macaroni Salad. Mix any 2 pay highest price plus 50.Beef Broccoli, 6.50Beef Stir Fry, 6.50Chicken Stir Fry, 6.50Beef Stew, 6.50Beef Tomato, 6.50Chicken Katsu, 6.50Chicken Cutlet, 6.50Garlic Gravy Chicken, 6.50Hamburger Katsu, 6.75Hamburger Steak, 6.50Kalua Pig & Cabbage, 6.75Mahi Mahi, 6.95Meat Jun, 6.95Pork Cutlet, 6.95Pork Tofu, 6.95Roast Pork, 6.50Spicy Korean Chicken, 6.75Tonkatsu, 6.95SANDWICHESCheeseburger, 3.75Hamburger, 3.50Mahi Mahi, 4.00Teriyaki Burger, 3.50Teriyaki Beef, 4.00Teriyaki Chicken, 4.00Spam & Egg, 3.50BOWLSChicken, 3.25Beef, 3.75Spicy Korean Chicken, 3.50Combo, 3.75ADD TO ABOVEMixed Vegetable 75Broccoli, 1.00Mushroom Onion, 1.00NOODLESSaimen, Small, 3.75, Large 5.00Won Ton Min, Small 4.75, Large, 8.00Fried Noodles, 5.25BREAKFASTRice and 2 Eggs with Portuguese Sausage, 5.00Rice and 2 Eggs with Spam, 5.00Pork Fried Rice with eggs, 5.50Pork Fried Rice without egg, 4.25Loco Moco, 4.75Portuguese Sausage Loco Moco, 4.95Spam Loco Moco, 4.95SIDE ORDERSTeriyaki Chicken, 2.25Teriyaki Beef, 2.75Spicy Korean Chicken, 2.50Spam Musubi, 1.50Chicken Musubi, 1.75Portuguese Musubi, 1.75Spicy Chicken Musubi, 1.75Kim Chee, 1.25Macaroni Salad, 1.25Rice, 1.00Tofu, 1.25MENEHUNE PLATESChicken Katsu-Chicken Cutlet, 3.75Hamburger Steak, 3.75Pork Cutlet, 3.75Roast Pork-Teriyaki Roast Pork, 3.75Kalua Pig & Cabbage, 3.75Teriyaki Burger Steak, 3.75Mahi Mahi, 4.00Tonkatsu, 3.75
5	ONO FOOD!  So many different things to chose from!  My personal favorite is the Meat Jun.  The portion sizes are huge, and if you LOVE rice just as much as I do, no worries about ever running out of rice with your plate, they give you lots!  So all you transplants from Hawaii,  or if you're from the mainland and happen to like "local food", like my husband, you gotta check out this place!Also, they've moved across the street from where the address says.  I dont know the exact address but its in the Smiths parking lot.~aloha~
5	I lived in Vegas for 5 years before moving back to Hawaii. Thank God for this place. The chicken cutlet is awesome. I took all of my friends there and they all love it and still go there even though I don't live there anymore. A big taste of Hawaii in Sin City.
5	THE BEST HAWAIIAN FOOD IN LAS VEGAS.I just ate their two hours ago and I'm already craving it again.First time, get their ross special. enough to feed two people or one hawaiian.Their mahi mahi is tender, non fried, and amazing.macaroni salad...hands down the best.chicken katsu...Just like in korea!  I though I would never be able to say that ever.the best chicken katsu, I remember when I went to korea long time and eating the katsu brought tears.I shared a ross plate and a chicken katsu plate with three people and it was just enough.some of the prices did go up since shannon's post.  Not enough to scare anyone away.
5	Great place to get some local kine grindz in the 702!  Great selections of some hawaiian favorites. Great Location and Good Food. Fresh and flavorful. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu.Plus the portions are huge! 5 stars for that!
5	If you want to experience delicous local food from Hawaii this is a must try. Everything on the menu tastes amazing! Great service and friendly atmosphere.Very affordable and big portions!Just a few recommendations:Loco moco w/ fried riceSpicy korean chickenChicken katsuRoast porkHawaiian plate (available on Friday's)
5	My home away from home.  They have the best platelunches you can find in LV aside from actually flying home to Hawaii.  It's like I never left.
5	this is a sister property of aloha specialties restaurant.aloha specialties and ross j's are the only two, the rest are not affiliated with them,
5	I love this place. Every time when I'm in town from the bay area, I make sure to stop by this spot to have a meal.They have great musubi, awesome mahi, and tasty ribeye. The Ross J special has a good combo of their food. I like when I dine in and they serve your food on a regular plate instead of a styrofoam container. I'm sick of living in an area where we only have chain Hawaiian restaurants like L&L. I wish there were spots like these back home.
4	I've eaten lunch here twice now.  I enjoy the food, but there are so many Hawaiian places to compete with, it's really hard to separate yourself from the pack.  I would like to give Ross J's 3.5 stars, but obviously that is not an option.  The place is certainly on the upper end of the scale, so it definitely deserves four stars as opposed to three.
5	I live down the street from here and have not been disappointed.  First time, I had spicy Korean chicken (supposedly the most popular item on the menu) and when I just put it it in my car for the ride home, the smell was unbelievably delicious!   When I got home and opened my to-go box, I was amazed at the portion!  I got tons of rice (like 5 scoops) and 3 chicken breasts!  Sprinkled with green onions too!!!  It was enough for at least 2 meals!  The menu is extensive, but I came today for shoyu poke, which they have on Fridays.  I got poke and a side of rice to go for dinner.  The poke was so red - it is great to see such fresh tuna.  I think I will try the mahi mahi plate next.  I really like this place, and I checked out the sister restaurant last week (see my review for Aloha Specialties).  This place takes credit cards which is great.  The service is also good, even just ordering to go at the counter...very helpful.
5	When it comes to Hawaiian food, Ross J's is as good as it gets.
5	This is the best and #1 local type of food to eat. I love that they are the only hawaiian barbque place in Vegas that has meat jun. That and other things ont he menu if I feel like eating something different. The best ono!
5	I have to update my review after getting lunch from here twice this week.  Today I had Oxtail Stew, which is one of their temporary specials.  A couple of days ago I had Portuguese Sausage Loco Moco (and a Spam Musubi).  I am now a fan of Ross J's.  The Oxtail Stew was absolutely fantastic.  I wish the place was closer to work.
5	Best Hawaiian food in Vegas by far!!!! The mochico chicken and fried rice is a must! The place is run by local ppl from Hawaii and not by Chinese ppl like L&L that's how you know food is done the right way.  The prices are pretty reasonable considering the amount of food you get on your plate.  On average $6 you get meat of your choice 2 scoops of rice (or for me i get the fried rice), and macaroni salad.  I highly recommend Ross J's to anyone from hawaii thats missing that island flavor and to everyone else willing to experience HAWAII'S VERSION OF "SOUL FOOD"!
5	Everyone I've brought here LOVE! this place. The best in Las Vegas.
5	A friend recommended this place and I was not disappointed. When you walk in you will see the big menu plastered on the wall.  There were so many things to try and they all look good. Luckily, I had to feed several people. I could not stand it anymore, my indecision was making me hungrier by the second. So, I went ahead and  ordered the following items:1. Ross J's special (Teriyaki thin slice ribeye steak, Fried chicken, Mahi Mahi and SPAM) This combo was HUGE!!!!!!!!! Enough for two people. The fried chicken was a little bland but the teriyaki sauce made up for it. 2. Spicy Korean Chicken which was awesome. (Three pieces of boneless thigh meat with skin- crispy fried and slathered in semi sweet spicy Korean sauce over rice. SOOOOO delicious! This dish has my stamp of approval!!!!!!!! Make sure you try it. 3. Garlic chicken - fried chicken with garlic and gravy over rice. A very  solid dish. All of these plates had a small side of DENSE MACARONI SALAD. I mean DENSE as in all mayo and macaroni with no air trapped inside!!! This will seriously put a dent in to your stomach. A little on the salty side but still one of the best Hawaiian style MAC salads that I have tried. This review is only for the food. I had to do take out. My bill was at around $25 and i satisfied 5 people (3 skinnys and 2 gluttons). a pretty good deal if you ask me. I feel like a bandwagon jumper by giving this place 5 stars but the food was really really  good.I am officially a Ross J's FAN.
5	I just had to come back to this place after trying it last week. This review is for the food only. I seem to be always on the run. Dining in has not been an option for me... yet. Besides, they give you so much food that I doubt I could finish it all. I probably end up getting a doggie bag anyway. I tried a few different things this time 1. Meat Jun plate - Beef dipped in egg fried on the grill with a sweet semi-spicy sauce on the side. Pretty flavorful dish. 2. Portuges sausge with egg and rice - The breakfast of Hawaiian champions. !!!!3. Tonkatsu (Pork) - Crunchy batter. Tender pork. You cannot eat this dish cold.They do not have the sauce with Worcestershire (like Aloha Kitchens) :-(4. Fried chicken plate - crispy, tasty, flavorful fried chicken pieces. Tastes best when it is hot and sizzling. A little sweet teriyaki sauce will enhance and contrast the saltiness of this dish.5. Ross J special - Teri Beef, Fried chicken, SPAM and Mahi -Mahi.  Warning: FOOD OVERLOAD. Make lots of room in your stomach because this will put a dent in it. 6. Spicy Korean chicken - You cannot go to Ross J's without ordering this dish. This is probably the best dish here!!! Spicy Korean chicken to go please !!!!! Yummy!!!  Oh yeah...prps to the MAC salad. MAYO, Macaroni and more MAYO !!!
5	My husband and I went this weekend and had the Chicken Teriyaki and the Chicken Katsu.  Both plates were HUGE and we should have taken the rest home but were insistent on stuffing ourselves.  It was broke da mout as they say at home!
4	Friendly service, reasonable prices, and large portions of quality, filling, well seasoned and tasty (albeit on the heavier side) hawaiian style food.  Enjoyed the korean chicken, kalua pig with cabbage and other items.  Definitely worth a visit and good, straightforward family style restaurant in Green Valley.
5	Once again Yelp reviewers did not let me down.  I had trouble deciding what to have for lunch today so I gave Ross J's Aloha Grill a try.  I had the teriyaki chicken, and it was very tasty.  I would have preferred more teriyaki sauce, but I'll remember in the future to request more.  But their prices are unbelievably low.  I almost feel guilty.  Almost.  So I'll definitely be back, and I did eye a few other items on the menu I'm already looking forward to try...
5	I have to update my review because this place is just so awesome and down the street and cheap.I took my friend Susan here post-Sex and the City for a late lunch, and we both each enjoyed the filling $3.50 spicy Korean chicken bowl as well as a new treat - ahi sashimi!  I never have seen this on the menu!  I know they have ahi poke on Fridays but I guess sashimi on Sundays works for me! The fish was sooooo fresh (see picture) it melted in our mouths and tasted amazing.  The chicken was good, tasty and the skin so deliciously crispy (and I love those green onions).I highly recommend visiting this charming place and remember, they take credit cards so have no fear :0) plus they carry Coke products yay!
5	LEGIT.People are right that the Spicy Korean is great! We got a bowl and it was pretty filling....makes me wonder, what then is the size of a plate of this?!! It wasn't really spicy, but very flavorful and juicy. Some people don't like skin, which this has, but mine had crispy skin on it so I ate it up. Got a side of macaroni salad to go with this. I have been feeling in a Loco Moco mood and theirs was great. To me, this dish is all about the gravy- without a good base then the dish is just a hamburger with rice. This was solid and savory gravy and with some yummy yolks mixing into it and a little ketchup (I'm such a Filipino! HAHAA) this was hitting the comfort zone.  We came 30 minutes before closing (they close at 3pm on Sundays) and there was a few people ordering and still a good number of people enjoying their ono grinds. Definitely a testament of how popular and loved this place is. If only this wasn't so far, I would come often. I heard they also own Aloha Specialties in California Hotel so if that is true, then I better go run to downtown for some lunch stat! 2 dishes we couldn't finish, mac salad, a Hawaiian sun and a fountain drink was only like $12. Great food quality and portions for cheap and Hawaiian hospitality= best meal of the day much to the chagrin of my cooking later in the evening.
4	Thanks to Nelson Q for suggesting this place to me. I can't believe I ate the whole thing (well not ALL the rice). Great punch, good mac salad, a lot of rice. I ordered the mixed plate and a beverage. I really enjoyed the Mahi-Mahi and the chicken. They have a soft drink fountain but I suggest you skip the Coke and get the fruit punch.If you've never had Hawaiian, I suggest you start with the mixed plate. It's a section of sweet, a section of savory, and rice. Take a little from each section and shove it in your mouth. Chew 34 times, take a drink of punch, close your eyes and wait for death. It's that good.
5	Always there to eat......This place is the best place to eat if you love local food from Hawaii.  I eat the hamburger steak with the spicy korean sauce. It's not on their menu, but since I've eaten everything on their menu they let me try out new things. Their spicy korean  chicken is delicious and so is their hamburger steak so I decided to have the best of both worlds and it was delicious.When ordering there they give out big portions so you get what you pay for, but you might not eat all that you pay for in one sitting. If you do, then you will get "KANAK ATTACK"!!!
4	I am a big fan of Ross J's. It's become a Friday tradition amoung my fellow co-workers and myself, to enjoy this great Hawaiian cusiune. Especially enjoyable as a "hang-over" remedy and a much better option than the over greased burgers at most fast food establishments. The sauces are made to perfection! Proportions are good, but as many stated before me, less rice more meat would make it that much better (?). The service is fast and friendly. Check this place out, trust me
5	If you like Hawaiian food this is one of the best places in town.  Large portions, great price, Fridays they have specials - Lau Lau!!!!  The Spicy Korean is another must try - dont forget the punch.
2	Korean Chicken and Meat Jun was hella hype.  Dam I had way better.  Never coming back unless it was free.
5	Spicy Korean Chicken bowl is my favorite for sure and i always get a side a macaronni salad. I do always check for the daily specials after one day trying the Lau Lau, it was mouth watering! They serve it every Friday. The staff is very friendly and helps answer any questions you have . Shaved ice on the weekends is a perfect ending to a great meal
5	I am so happy! This real hole in the wall is great. Don't be fussy about the decor, the furniture, the toilets, just come for good food...1.  Rice plates - All good with plenty of meat and food. Spicy Chicken, Ribeye, BBQ Beef, it is all AWESOME.2.  Specials - I always order them. Can't go wrong.3.  Spam Musubi - My kids love ordering these. Kinda like a Spam rolled sushi for the novice.4.  Wonton and Saimin - Be hungry. This is good stuff.5.  Service - Barebone, but really great. Friendly, efficient and homestyle...Just know you are eating food that will expand your waistline. Huge portions of rice, meat, noodles. Can't be shy, can't be fussy and cannot expect anything other than HUGE AMOUNT of food.
4	Forget about the spicy Korean chicken!!Repeat after me..Kalua pig. Kalua pig. Kalua pig.The kalua pig was better than what I had in Maui.The pork was so juicy and tender with hint of smoke, and it was mix with perfectly cooked cabbage which allows you eat the whole plate without the need for a drink.I can not wait to get hungry again, so I can have more Kalua pig.Kalua pig. Kalua pig. Kalua pig.
5	My buddies and I only order one dish from Ross J's........spicy Korean chicken bowl with a side  of mushrooms and onions or a side of mixed vegetables. Its the best! You get a lot of food for under $5, you can't beat the value! Been going there since 2003 when they were at the old location across the street and I rarely order anything else! Its not for the Starbucks/Panera Bread crowd, too unhealthy and too much food for them to handle!
4	if im ever in the area, this is usually the spot i like to go to.ross j's. the service there is great! i still have yet to ask the lady what her name is (shame on me) but she's always friendly. i love that she speaks in pidgin/island speak. my boyfriend and a lot of my friends grew up in hawaii, some born and raised, and i guess i've gotten use it. but for some reason its comforting (i have no idea why).anyway, loco moco, kalua pork, roast pig, korean chicken, and when they have it, their chicken long rice. everythings yummy!!! you might wait a little longer than usual for food, but thats because they make everything to order. definitely coming back when im in the henderson area. maybe open one up on the west side of vegas?just a tip: the plates are pretty big. i'd suggest sharing, or at least saving half of it for another meal.
4	I'd rather give Ross J's a 3.5 star, but I'll choose 4 over only 3 because the staff was nice and we liked the Kalua pork. I wish someone had mentioned that you can get smaller plates because the size of the regular plates is a little bit "ginormous". Granted, the plate looks large beccause it is filled with white rice, but you also get two servings of the main dish.1) The spicy korean chicken was decent. Very tender. Must be chicken thighs because it wasn't dry. It reminded me of the General Tso's chicken I've tried from authentic, good Chinese restaurants because it's battered, fried and has a sweet, tangy taste that's similar. Seemed a little salty to me, but the rice helped.2) Kalua pork would be worth coming back from Texas to get. The cabbage seemed fresh and the taste was better than most pulled pork I've tried....and I've tried a lot of pulled pork. This was tender and a little more smoky. Not sure what the seasoning is, but it's dead on.3) The macaroni salad is a lurking heart attack. Very....very, very creamy. I had to cut the creaminess with meat, rice, and anything I can get my hands on. It's not necessarily a complaint, but just a warning.4) Kimchi was good. Price was under $2 to add it as a side. I also added the Spam sushi thing, which I liked because it was different. Spam was a little salty, but hey, it's Spam.5) Mahi-mahi was fried, which seems like a waste. The fish could have been cod due to the lack of flavor. Definitely won't get again, but it wasn't horrible. 6) Meat Jun...not sure what the fuss is about. It seemed like cheap chicken fried steak meat inside in a omelet and cut in strips. Teriyaki sauce was too overpowering. To each his own.7) Fruit punch. What's up with the Yelpers saying this is great? It's Hawaiian punch. I can get that from the convenience store. The grape punch...seemed like grape Kool-aid. I'll stick with water next time, but if you enjoy very sweet punch drinks, knock yourself out.If we come back to Vegas, we're definitely coming back for the Kalua Pork. The noodles also looked really good.
4	Cheap, yummy and HUGE portions! What's not to love about this place. Ross J's Aloha Grill cooks up authentic Hawaiian food for dirt cheap prices. Everything I have tried here is delicious! Here are a couple of my quick tips on whats good...1) The macaroni salad is AWESOME - and I don't even like macaroni salad2) The noodle soup is so tasty. The broth is so rich and the ingredients taste fresh3) They have homemade cookies!4) The Korean Chicken and the pork are both great choices for dinner.Make sure to stop by here and say "Aloha" to these tasty eats!
2	I got Mahi Mahi and Spicy Chicken. The Mahi Mahi was ok, nothing special. The spicy chicken was good, not great. The amount of rice was for 4 people. Personally I like Island Flavor much more! This was typical fast food Hawaiian food type of restaurant.
4	Came here yesterday cuz I was craving some local food. Born and raised in Hawaii, i know what real local food is so i would say this review is pretty credible. Was craving korean chicken like the kind from ZIppys but this one turned out to be grilled and chicken strips. Not fried in chunks. Put the sauce on the side and added veggies to the bowl cuz i heard the portions were pretty big. Also had the fruit punch which was as close as you can get I think to hawaiian style fruit punch, i think Island Flavor has better fruit punch though, had to add water cuz it was a lil too sweet. Only tried this one dish but have to say it was really good and you get a whole plates worth of food for just ordering a bowl. Sauce wasnt that spicy, thank goodness and it was actually really flavorful. I'd definitely come back here again but only if Island Flavor is closed.
4	make sure you come here with an empty belly because their portions are HUGE. my boyfriend and his family are hawaiian and took me here for dinner the other evening. i wasnt expecting so much good food at such little cost. i had a small bowl of saimin that was the size of my head. it filled me up only a fourth way into it but i wanted to keep eating it because it was full of flavor.  the rice was good and i loved the macaroni salad. the staff was friendly and the food was tasty. i will be returning to test out some new things only with room in my stomach next time.
4	Hawaiians rejoice!  Another great place to get some ONO local food!  Those in the know are aware that the food at Ross J's Aloha Grill is very similar to the food at Aloha Specialties in the California Hotel because they are both owned by the same family (the last time I checked).  So the food you see at Ross J's for the most part you will see at Aloha Specialties.  This is good for the folks that live in Henderson that don't want to drive all the way to Downtown for some mighty good Hawaii-Style grub!  Save gas...save cash!I love me some Calrose rice and macaroni salad when my diet allows me!  I hit this place up whenever I get to this side of town.  All their dishes are local favorites so I never have a hard time going wrong.  Popular of course are the Kalua Pig, Chicken Katsu, Chop Steak, Beef Tomato, Garlic Chicken w/ Brown Gravy (super ONO), Loco Moco (Hawaii STAPLE, duh), Teriyaki Butterfish, Meat Jun, and the Teriyaki Chicken.  Each of these plate lunches and more come with two big scoops of rice and a big scoop of macaroni salad.  Even better, all of their favorite dishes and Teriyaki plates are in the $7-$9 range!  So cheap for so much food!  They also do Menehune (mini) plates, and combination plates to satisfy everyones appetites and wallet.  Beefy on a budget!  Sweetness.Ross J's also has gread noodles: Saimin, Won Ton Min, and Fried Noodles.  Always selling are their Bowls as well, my fav is the Teriyaki Chicken bowl.  I almost always get this with servng of mixed vegetables, and a Teri Burger and macaroni salad on the side!  Funny enough, this is my same order at Aloha Specialties as well.  Their Teriyaki sauce is addicting!  They also do burgers, and Spam Musubi too.  For breakfast, they got you covered!  Eggs with Portuguese Sausage or Spam, and rice?  Pork Fried Rice with Eggs?  Loco Moco for breakfast?  Sign me up, son!  Hawaiian Hearty at it's best!  Food is excellent, service is quick and friendly, and prices are good.  Visit Ross J's Aloha Grill and taste the Aloha Spirit!!  In the food, in the food...please do not taste the staff!
5	Consistent Quality, Gigantic Portions, and always hits home.Las Vegas seems to be so saturated with "Hawaiian food/BBQ" joints. Being from Hawaii as with my family we were desperate for a taste of home. Ross J's is one of the first Hawaiian restaurants in the Green Valley/Henderson area being around for well over a decade and we've been hooked ever since. They always kept a consistency of amazing tastings foods, huge homestyle portions, and all at a very reasonable price. My favorite is the Chicken Katsu & the Spicy Korean chicken. They also offer some of the best home made chocolate chip & Macadamia nut cookies up by the register(you won't regret taking a bag home). The Staff is always very friendly and again explore the menu they have too many tasty things to list. Not to mention eating here saves me money because I usually don't need food for another day or two if I finish an entire plate. Enjoy!
3	teriyaki butterfish: i ordered the dish with teriyaki sauce on the side. the butterfish seemed to be lightly pan-fried. it didn't smell too fishy and it wasn't oversalted. i'd give it at 3.5 for its moistness and good quality.pulled pork: i liked how the bbq flavor was mild. i'd give it a 3.5pros: quick servicecons: too much rice, macaroni salad was salty and too creamyrecommend for: mid-week quick fix dinner
3	staff is friendly,food comes out quickly,as I took mine to go, it seem to be pretty busy during lunch ,lots of easy parking.. And now to the food..The macaroni had too much mayo and very ,very salty,it taste like just like all salt,yuck? The combo special has loads of rice and the different meats, and fish,but a heart attack waiting to happen..The Kuala pork was not bad,it was moist and tasty..My favorite thing that the prices were pretty reasonable for huge portions... But I probably not go out of my way to return here....
5	da kine korean chicken broke da mouf,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,dat ting so so ono!da kine loco moco guud fo quick kine too.da musubi is da same as aloha specialties.eva ting da same as aloha specialties, but git bigga menu!best hawaiian kine in henderson, nevada.try um out next time yu come dis side fo shop at da galleria.
5	I finally experienced Ross J's and all I have to say is "WOW."I had been hearing rave reviews of this place for ages, but I'm always reluctant to venture out to that side of town, since it's quite a drive for me. Well, my opportunity arrived, Groupon offered an amazing deal, so I snatched it up. My first attempt didn't go as planned. We drove all the way over there and decided to do a little shopping in the area before heading to Ross J's. Bad idea, who knew it closed so early. Darn, my first attempt squashed. Second attempt was on New Year's Day. Yes, I must've been the only person who forgot this is considered a holiday. This is Vegas, where nothing ever closes, so I sometimes forget holidays exist for other people. Second attempt was a fail.Luckily, my third attempt was a success and boy was it worth the drive. We ordered the Loco Moco, Spicy Korean Chicken and two Musubis (Spam and Chicken). It was so delicious and best of all CHEAP! For all we ordered and a soda, we paid less than $15. I can't sing the praises of this place enough!The portions are ginormous and the food is great. I'll definitely be back to try out the rest of the menu items and probably get some more of that Spicy Korean Chicken. That was my favorite!
4	Very affordable. I'll be a regular here for sure, despite it being a bit of a drive to get to from my place. I tried the Moco Loco and it was Loco Good. I also tried a spam musubi for the first time. I'll be trying the spam burger and spicy Korean chicken next time. I definitely recommend this place! Just writing about it made me hungry. Think I'll go again for lunch.
5	Ok, I already made my return. Tried a few more items. The katsu pork is really good. I'm not usually a fan of deep-fried food, but this had a very nice crispiness and the pork still maintained it's moistness. I also tried the saimin. It was just ok. Everything else is fantastic!
5	YUMMMM!!!  Funny how they have better "local" food in Vegas than on Maui!  The hamburger katsu is a MUST and the fried rice loco moco is the bomb!!!  Can't pass up the spam musubi either!!!
4	I have an obsession with Spam musubi. That's the only thing I came here for... Not greasy, enough ratio of sauce and rice. Yum
5	LOVE, LOVE the Spicy Korean Chicken!! Great quality + cheap food = a great meal :) . Next time I have to try the Loco Moco.....
4	Another Great Hawaiian BBQ Spot here in Vegas. I can honestly say that the Vegans are spoiled with these places!! Thats A Real Good Thing!! Combination of Meat Jun and Mochiko: The main reason why I came here was to try their Meat Jun. I wasn't aware that another place other than my current favorite Haw. BBQ spot, "Island Style" was offering this dish. Well, the first time I had this I was Impressed and was absolutely hooked! Well, the Ross J version was a larger portion buy not by much, it was tender but not fall apart tender, egg batter was nearly identical in flavor but wasn't as fluffy and a bit oily. Their dip was also on the Spicy side which I did appreciate much with the meat. I would say "Island Style" edges out for the win but I'd have Ross J's any day of the week. The Mochiko was something I've never had and actually the teller convinced me to try this over the spicy korean chicken (I love "Island Flavor" korean chicken). Well, the Mochi flour used to give this chicken dish its uniqueness was Awesome!! Tasty, Chewy and Kinda Crunchy!!Plate came with a good amount of white rice and their Macaroni Salad had an evident sour creamy flavor rather than just the plain creamy mayo that plenty places serve it as. I liked their take on this one.Spam Musubi: Typical and Just Comforting! I Love Spam!Chill Atmosphere and Employees, Good Prices, Great Food!! No Complaints Whatsoever..
5	The best comfort food in the world. Clean and friendly place. I have been dinning here since I left Hawaii and this is the closest you can get to island style. The flavors of the Teriyaki and Mac salad are par with any take out dinner on Oahu, Maui you get the picture. Spam Musubi, Kalua Pork and the Korean Chicken are my favorites. The dish to die for is the Wonton min on a cold rainy day. Get there early cause they sell out.
4	I really like this place for lunch on gym days or when ever I'm craving teriyaki chicken, beef stew or loco moco...but mainly teriyaki chicken.On days I'm going to the gym, I load-up with the chicken teriyaki and rice...with an extra side of chicken to be mixed in, and it all comes to about $5. If I order a chicken teriyaki bowl or plate from somewhere else with extra chicken, it generally comes out to $7 or more. So it's a great deal here. And tasty...not overdone with sauce.
5	We usually go to Aloha Specialties at the California whenever we are in Vegas, but my friend recommended we try this place because the food was pretty similar and the lines are not as long. My girlfriend and I split spicy Korean chicken, katsu, musubis, and a small saimin. The food did taste pretty similar which is a good thing because I love the food at Aloha Specialties. If you plan on ordering saimin, I would recommend a small unless you are really hungry because if a small is what I ordered, I could only imagine how big the large is. Also, be sure to check out the Kool-Aid dispenser next to the soda fountains. Kool-Aid!
4	MEAT AND RICE! It has become the mantra of our office. When we cant think of anything else it is Ross J's to the tune of at least a few of us from the office a couple of times per week. 5 Minutes door to door from our office, 5 minutes to order 10 minutes to eat giving plenty of time for the 30 minute rice coma you need to get over with a power nap!Kalua Pig, smokey wet and MMmmMMm good!Korean spicy chicken bowl - The default of good when the brain is just not available to process the menuMochiko Chicken - Best loved special, crispy good on the outside moist tastiness inside, of course with rice what else do you need except maybe a dab of saricha sauce!Macaroni salad - creamy goodnessHuge portions stupidly cheap, and Fruit punch on the side (recently they got rid of the Grape punch). Clean restaurant, friendly staff, great food, not a bad word to say about the place!
5	Of all the Hawaiian places I've been to, this one is beyond my favorite. The food is quick, simple, cheap, and fantastic! The portions are a bit obnoxious... they pretty much tell you right off the bat, "the small is large and the large is larger".... the perfect way to describe their portions. If you want to eat well but want to save on $$$, this is one of my top choices. The staff is so friendly and laid back, there is hardly any wait even when they're busy, and you can tell by their overall business during lunch hours that many others agree with this review ;). I took 2 of my friends from out of state here for lunch today before dropping them off at the airport, and they were actually tempted to order more to go! In fact, the one said it was his favorite meal in Vegas so far after eating on the strip in major casinos all week. It is unlikely for someone to be disappointed with this place unless he/she is not a fan of Korean/Japanese/Polynesian-style food.
3	Yelp ratings prompted me to go here. I went during lunch on a Thursday and it was busy. Service was good. The mac salad was too salty, Mahi Mahi was okay, (I like thicker breading) the overrated Spicy Korean Chicken was okay but the Meat Jun was surprisingly good. Lots of rice. I will go back to try something else.
5	Good food had order spicy Korea chicken and served it at my wedding with the rice and mac salad...good food got my friends and family hooked!
4	This hole in the wall is great! :) My Hawaiian friend, who was born and raised, said that this is the closest place to authentic Hawaiian food. And if this is the closest thing to authentic Hawaiian food, I'm addicted!What I don't like about this place, is their menu because they have so many good choices that it's difficult for me to decide what to get! I usually order Musubi--all of them are really yummy and the meats and rice are portioned well. I've also ordered their combination plates. Their teriyaki chicken and beef are grilled to perfection and are tasty! They are not oversaturated with teriyaki sauce. The Spicy Korean Chicken has a great balance of the rice, vegetables and chicken. I wouldn't say the Spicy Korean Chicken is "dripping sweat spicy" but it has a nice kick of spiciness to it that will leave you wanting more.You'll definitely get your money's worth with the portions you get. I have leftovers every time. So instead of considering corporate L&L's, try this place out instead; you'll be pleased that you did.
5	this place is hands down better than vegas lnls, and aloha kitchen combined! so far this is the closest I've gotten to actual Hawaiian food here on the mainland. I was born and raised in hawaii so I know how things are supposed to taste ;)
4	I've been here two times now. First visit was a little bit of a let down.. I remembered trying the mahi mahi plate and it was only ok. This past weekend brought me, my boyfriend and our friends back to this place. This time I ordered the portuguese sausage fried rice. And it put this place back to my good graces. I still have a little bone to pick on in regards with their portuguese sausage (not flavorful enough to my taste) but overall it was a solid dish.The bf and our friends each ordered loco moco and they were happily satisfied with their food - not one grain of rice was left behind ;)I'll try another dish next time i come back here. Recommended!
5	I love supporting small business and love the effort they are making here.  So nice to get real friendly service, the girls working the counter and tables were great.  You don't see that so much anymore.  I also loved that you get real plates and silverware, even though everything was so cheap.My food was great, only complaint was the rice was a bit dry, I prefer mine to be quite sticky.  But that won't stop me from coming back.
3	Food: The mahi-mahi was well-cooked, and matched perfectly with the tartar sauce. The kahlua pig and cabbage however was oversalted. It was even too salty for my wife, who loves extra salty food.Service: Friendly, prompt.Ambience: What you'd expect.
5	Oh my gosh!!!!  This place is my favorite Hawaiian restaurant. No other place compares. My absolute favorite dish is the sweet and sour spare ribs. It isn't offered very often. You have to call and see if they are serving. It they aren't, the staff are usually pretty good about finding out when is the next time it will be served. If the Spare ribs aren't on the menu that day, I would go with the Spicy Korean Chicken plate. I could eat that all day!The food at this restaurant is delicious and the staff is amazing. They always treat you good, especially if you are a regular. They will take care of you.
4	Good lau lau, kimche and poke.  I don't have to go to Hawaii just to have good Hawaiian food.  I'm very satisfied... Lau lau was fresh!  Definitely goin back when I'm visiting Vegas!  To bad their were out of Kona coffee when ordered with my dinner.  Other than that happy with the service and food.
2	The food was just okay to me. Wish they put more vegetables. The meat wasn't very well marinated. The boss lady was not very nice. We order carry-out food, but then decide to sit down and eat. She then walk to us and told us we're not allow to do that.
4	Service is always good here. I remember when this place was called Taste of Paradise and it was across the street. It was the first place my cousin took us on our first trip to Vegas back in '98. Food is still good to this day. I bring my niece here and she loves the chicken katsu. I always try to get something different each time I come here. Korean chicken, chicken katsu, portagee sausage eggs n rice, corned beef hash, etc. I think they only had the corned beef hash during st. Patricks day... If they don't have it on the regular menu, I wish they would add it on. That was Ono! I liked the way they made it here. And I'm all about supporting local Hawaiian businesses. the service is great, quick, and good food. This is a popular spot for the Hawaiian transplants that live in the Henderson area. Seems to be getting popular among the local las vegas peeps too. Right on! Bettah than Aloha Kitchen, all the way!Same owners as Aloha Specialties at the California hotel downtown.
5	Another Hawaiian restaurant that I knew about, passed by all the time, but never had the chance to try.  I don't know why it took me so long but I finally went in and got myself some ono grinds.  Got the loco moco for around $5, looked like 3 or 4 extra large eggs made perfectly easy over, real hamburger patty, gravy and rice. Good ratio of each ingredient, each bite had a bit of everything. Would have took a pic but the plate looked to good to wait even a few seconds.  It was very good and did the spot. They have a good menu to choose from and pretty good prices. Portions are also huge for what you pay for, a lot of plates were about $5 and $8. They also make poke on fridays. Lots a space, clean, and fast friendly service.
1	We dined in for lunch one day, the floor had been mopped with a dirty/sour mophead, you can smell the funky odor on the floor. Teri beef is fatty/greasy and tough. Mahi Mahi is just chunks of cooked fish. Huge slathering of stucky white rice and overly mayoed mac salad with no flavor. My chicken katsu came with what I still think is ketchup and no katsu sauce. I asked for katsu sauce and the boss lady says that is katsu. No it's Ketchup, not tonkatsu sauce like everyone knows. So I asked for a side of teri sauce instead. My chicken katsu is Deeeep fried extra hard and the chicken had tough skin underneath. Too crunchy and taste like low grade chicken, greasy. Overly mayoed mac salad and a huge wave of white rice that wasn't all that fresh. Is this good food? I guess some think so and they are welcome to it. I like a certain place on 215 and Green Valley or 215 and Eastern much better.
5	My favorite place to eat in all of LAS VEGAS...! Hands down...Reasons:Customer service is superb.  I have been in Vegas for over two years now, visited this place at least over 2 dozen times but have nothing bad to say about it.  I love love the Korean Chicken Teriyaki rice bowl..its under four bucks, you get a good amount of rice and chicken.  The sauce is different then your normal Teriyaki sauce at other places. I've asked for extra sauce so many time, pretty much with every order...They give without charging an extra penny. I've recently tried their normal teri chicken rice bowl, also the same price but the sauce is less salty.  Feel in love all over again.  I don't know how this place stays in business charging as they do, but I think because its family own, quite affordable that the locals always comes back for more, keeping this awesome hole in the wall in business.  Their spam masubi is 1.50, spam is decent in size and enough for a good filling snack.  :) I think what put it over the top for me was last night.  I order my usual, the chicken teri bowl on the phone,  but when i came to pick it up, their person who took my order thought i order the actually plate which was two times the price, I make it known to Matt, and he, without hesitation, gave me my food charging me for the rice bowl and extra side of chicken.  (I also tipped a few bucks for the nice service)  When i opened it, the size of my order was not the bowl but the plate.  I was amazed at the customer service this place continuous to reflect.  I called Matt to say thanks once again.  No reason to not try this place if you haven't been in before, its worth the time, the drive and the room you have in your belly! :)
3	Had the moco loco with portuguese sausage and also traded with a friend for some of his spam moco loco. It was definitely filling and a pretty good value at $5.35 w/ tax, but that's probably because there's tons of rice. Didn't think the gravy was that flavorful either. I'll have to try some of the other items on their menu because I was a little underwhelmed on this visit.
4	This restaurant is very ono.  the food is good and the portions are huge!  great value.  would definitely come back if i'm ever in the hood.
3	They had some good items like the spicy Korean chicken, seems like everyone likes the Kahlua pig, but they were out when I went.  Big portions!  Everything else was so-so.  Mac salad not so great too salty and peppery - not the island mac salad I'm used to.
5	Probably the best Hawaiian restaurant you'll ever have in the Las Vegas valley!  I think it's safe to say that everything on the menu is a good choice.  I usually get the spicy korean chicken bowl because i already get full off that.  AND it's less than 4 bucks after taxes.  I got the the garlic chicken with gravy plate one time and the portions were ridiculously big!  3 big pieces of chicken w/ gravy over a mountain of rice with a side of Mac salad. This is truly food for my Samoan homies and for those who can really eat.Everything is priced cheaper than it should be, in my opinion.  But I hope they don't change the prices on anything. It's one of the reasons why I keep coming back.  MORE BANG FOR YOUR BUCK HERE!PS: they have cherry and grape Kool-Aid as options for a drink. Genius!
4	I've eaten here twice and the first time was take out for lunch. The second was dining in for dinner.After trying non chain hawaain places, I'll never settle for L and L or Aloha kitchen if I have the choice.For take out I got the chicken Katsu plate with fried rice and a side of spicy Korean chicken.I didn't get to eat it super fresh since it was a drive back to the office.I will say, I've had better Katsu chicken and I've also had better fried rice.They unfortunately forgot my sauce for my Katsu so I was pretty disappointed..The spicy chicken was good but for the meal, I'd have to say I'd need to eat their food fresh to make an opinion.That brings me a week later to dinner with my friend.My Spicy Korean Chicken came out on a huge plate and I had a side of veggies for an extra dollar.I know everyone has their preference of type of meat for their chicken.Although fatter, I prefer dark meat! They grill the skin side down so it's crisp and it's really good.The chicken bowls are around four bucks and for the plate of food it's a good value.Food came out quick.And even with the four items for take out, the ready time was only five minutes and it took me longer to drive their :P For them forgetting my sauce I have to take a star off.You'd want your guest to enjoy their meal wether it's take out or dine in, and I was unable to do so because they forgot half of what makes chicken Katsu: KATSU SAUCE :[
5	We are from Hawaii.  Every trip, we always come here to eat.  We love their hamburger steak (best ever), roast pork , saimin and chop steak.  Recommend this place to everyone who asks--where to eat in vegas.  Looking forward to our next rip in December and will be coming here to eat.
5	Awesome! Hamburger Katsu was great as well as the Pork Cutlet. We will be back soon.
4	Really good Saiman.  My wife is from Hawaii and was craving some authentic Hawaiian food.  The saiman broth was flavorful.  The noodles were perfect.  The great thing about it, the noodles and broth were the star.  They did not overload it with stuff to mask the taste.  I had the cornbeef Hash with eggs and rice.  It was done as they do on the island.  It's comfort food for those who are familiar with Island style food.  Not gourmet Iron Chef Kitchen food.  Just plain, down home island style food that will remind  you how your grandma made it.
5	Pretty much the closest thing I can get to a plate lunch like home here in Vegas.  Ross J's is my go to restaurant if I need my Hawaiian food fix.  I usually always opt for the Mahi plate and a fountain drink (although every so often I like to dip into their reserve of Hawaiian Sun guava juice).  The breading on the Mahi is soft and flaky and not the overly fried versions I find at L&L or Aloha Kitchen.  The plate also comes with a side of mac salad, and although it's nothing like grandma's mac salad or even Zippy's mac salad, it's pretty 'ono (delicious) to say the least.  The staff here is always friendly and inviting, regardless of how packed it is, and always willing to accommodate a special order (I like the korean style chicken sauce on my Mahi so I get it on the side to dip my fish).  All in all, Ross J's is a pretty good time and they always keep the super grubbin' eats comin.
4	I would say that this is the best Hawaiian restaurant.  Reasonable price and prompt service.  Portions are massive.  Too massive.
4	I have been on a quest for the best loco moco, and the winner is still in Kapaa, Kauai; however, Ross J's is damn good for being on the mainland.  I'm a traditionalist so I had the regular, but my friend had the portuguese sausage version - both were so ono!!!They are also very friendly and efficient there, for being a 'fast-food'ish sorta joint.
5	I've never had a bad experience here. I tend to stick to the bowl items with added vegetables and the saimin noodle. It's awesome to go and support a little mom-and-pop shop. If you ever look in the back, there's probably 3 generations of one family working there. It's super cute. :) The must tries: -Saimin noodle with hot mustard on the side-Korean spicy chicken bowl-Chicken katsu is above average - it has the chicken skin on one side still.If you go around lunch time, you'll get greeted by this tall, sweet lady who tells you "Okay, lovey." Like her, everyone is really friendly there.
5	Love this place!!! This is my regular place to eat. I've eaten everything on this menu at least twice. I sometimes have my favorite special made for me, although it's not on the menu.They do give you a lot of food though. For the locals from Hawaii...this will make you feel like home.
2	Chicken Katsu was horrible. Over cooked & massive fatty chicken yuck.
4	Large portions, enough food for multiple meals. Ordered the Hawaiian Plate with kalua pork. Yum. Awesome prices! Friendly service. Would definitely visit again if in town.
5	I love this place! I try to eat there once a week. The food is amazing & the prices are cheap. My favorite dish is the kahlua pig & garlic chicken with brown gravy. My husband loves the chicken tonkatsu.
2	I remember going to Ross J's years ago prior to its relocation and it was extremely tasty from what I had remembered.  I recently went here for brunch and was just truly disappointed:Ordered:  Garlic Chicken and Teriyaki Chicken Bowl with Mushrooms and VeggiesPros: * Huge portions.  So large you can even share *  Very friendly service *  Decently pricedCons:  * Both the Garlic Chicken and Teri Bowl were very bland (and I mean VERY bland)  * Slow service.  It was very busy and the cashier was also the same person delivering the food to the tablesOverall:  I hate giving low scores.  This place was real busy and seems to be a local fav, but I was just disappointed with my order.  The service, price, and portions were all a plus but the food itself was a thumbs down for me.
3	The Korean Spicy chicken was good but not spicy. We got the Korean spicy chicken bowls - mine with grilled onions and mushrooms and the BF's with mixed veggies. First off, we ordered the bowls which were less than $4.00 each and with the veggies cames to an addition of $1.20 (or something like that) to each bowl. Pretty cheap huh?? Funny thing is that out food came in a regular container and not a bowl- so I don't know if thay made a mistake and it was my lucky day or if their bowls are really not bowls but regular sized plates- if that is the case then this place is a good deal!!!We liked our food -just wish it was spicier- I have try a pack of their Corn Flakes cookies some time!!! But several times I have asked the lady at the register if anny of the cookies are soft and sadly but honestly she said "No, all the cookies are hard" I love me some soft chewy cookies....Anyways, I'll have to try other stuff on their menu sometime - I just can't help but order a spicy Korean chicken bowl everytime though- YUM - I wish they used chicken breast but they use chicken thighs instead. If they used chicken breasts (white meat) then this dish would be close to perfection!!!I do wish they would sell Guava Chiffon Cake!!!!! More Hawaiian places need to offer this yummy cake - it's so hard to find and when I find it - it's not made right!!!This place is set up just like other Hawaiian restrauants - with all kinds of yummy filling barbecue,stir fry,ramen,fried ramen,musubi's, ect... Right when you walk in you instantly feel the islands and you better come ready for some heavy grub cause that's what your gonna get.....
5	I've been back a few times since my first try, and I've gotta say that I must've found the one thing on the menu that's not good for some reason. I think I've had spam moco loco, the less expensive teriyaki pork dish, and spicy korean chicken since thing. The latter is probably the best thing, and it's truly not that spicy. I remember really enjoying the small side of macaroni salad that came with the teriyaki pork. There's actually no need to get the $7+ stuff unless you're really hungry or splitting a dish with someone! So yeah, come here and skip the portuguese sausage moco loco, imo, and you'll have a great meal.
4	During my lunch today, I was fortunate enough to chow down on Ross J's!  Love this place.  It's what I'm used to.  This, for me, is comfort food.  AMBIANCE: The place is like the typical Hawaiian food dive/diner.  There are booths and table tops, a self service soda station and is always filled with people, primarily from the islands.  If you are from Hawaii, it really makes you feel like home.  FOOD and SERVICE:  When it comes to the service, I love the "local braddah" with the backwards hat and bandana.  He's always offering the Aloha spirit to customers.  Never skips a beat when it comes to greeting people and thanking them for coming in.  This is what I've noticed everytime I'm there.  When it comes to the aunty with glasses and a small homeade flower in her ear, I think it's a hit and miss.  Today she was very cordial and nice.  Many times I have visited, though, she doesn't make "small talk" or greets you.  There's another Asian girl who takes your order as well who seems very quite.  Today, I got the Spicy Korean Chicken for $7.50.  First, the macaroni salad is "ON POINT" for my taste buds.  Seasoned perfectly and they package it in a separate container when you take out.  The chicken were boneless thighs with the skin on.  They grill the chicken with their Korean sauce.  The sauce is sweet and has a subtle heatness to it.  The heat doesn't hit you like a ton of bricks.  It creeps up but doesn't linger in your mouth.  I really like that component.  The portion was big and they placed the chicken over the rice so it absorbed the extra sauce.  I've visited Ross J's many times and must say that if you're looking for a meal worth the price, you must try them out.  I've had a lot of things from their menu.  For me, when I think of local plate lunches I've had back home, this place is pretty much consistent with what I'm used to .   The authenticity of food is why I highly recommend this place to Hawaiian local food seekers and enthusiasts.
4	Location is odd, in my opinion, and the interior may need some work, but for what it is, this is exactly what I envision a great Hawaiian Local food joint to be! The prices are amazing for the amount of food you get.This is seriously the ONLY place that my boyfriend doesn't have to ask for more rice, OR borrow from my plate! HA.I always get the spicy korean chicken (think Zippy's korean fried chicken... MMM). If I'm fiending for more variety, I will combo that sucker up with some sweet and sour spare ribs, or whatever special they might have.Also, my boyfriend and I share one fountain drink, and get a "combo" plate each... the total is still UNDER $20! Who can beat that?Winnahz.
4	RJ's Just like da kind you can get on the Islands.  Lots of hawaii style local food, katsu, loco moco, span, meat jun, korean spicy chicken, saimen, musubi, teri bowls, etc.  If you are a big eater and want lots of ono island-style food for good price, RJ's is the place. I am getting too old for this so I gotta stick with a bowl with extra veggies or a bowl of saimen.  The combos are too much.  Service is quick and friendly.  This is old school place.  It's the kind of place you find in Honolulu even though it is Henderson, NV.
5	Life isn't a beach. It's a chicken bowl from Ross J's!Ross J's is hella cheap, hella tasty and the service is hella friendly. Total island vibe I am feelin' up in here.  I could roll up all sweaty from the gym (which I have), roll out of bed with drool crust on my face (which I haven't) and I think the people would still be cool to me. They treat everyone like family. Hell, half the people there probably are related!GRUB ON THIS: It's all about the Spicy Korean Chicken Bowl for $3.65. No, it's not that spicy, but it's moist and action packed with Hawaii 5-O flavor. Yes, the chicken has skin so I try to pick most of it off. The portion sizes are for sumo wrestlers and circus elephants so it can no joke feed me for 2.5 meals. Do add extra veggies for $1.10 more. I've also had the lumpia and although it is fried to perfection the guts just seem flavorless and not worth the extra fat and calories in my opinion. The chicken bowl alone is a mouthwatering meal not worth missing.PEEP THIS:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/SueEpC916vd8Lo3Lyl9_pQ?select=ZcrwnR6ltufG0cOoIfwGew#SsckYmGiLl6vAjmFl0kLLAFYI: Take it from me. Takeout can be REALLY messy. The savory sauce MAY leak onto your leather car seat. Since it is 198 degrees outside here in Africa, Nevada you may want to keep an extra beach towel and swimsuit in your car. The towel will come in REAL handy about now. (The swimsuit is for spontaneous pool parties and/or mud wrestling.)  Ross J's is saving lives one bowl at a time, people. If you can't afford to take DA PLANE DA PLANE to the islands to get your Aloha on well whip out your board shorts and flip-flops and roll up here. It doesn't get cooler than this.
3	After many good reviews from my fellow yelpers, we decided to give Ross J a go when a milk tea from Noodle Cha Cha was impossible (they were CLOSED on a Saturday afternoon!  WTH?!?).  Well anyways, when we arrived at Ross J, we ordered the Spicy Chicken Bowl with added mixed veggies, Roast Pork Plate, and a drink.  It came out to $15ish.  I told my bf that she must charged him for the Roast Pork under the "ENTREE" heading ($7.50) instead of the roast pork that we noted under the "PLATE" heading ($4.50).  He inquired with the cashier and she firmly said "Well when you said roast pork plate, it is the 'ENTREE'".  He, being the friendly one in this relationship, accepted it because he was hungry regardless. The food was ok.  I must agree with everyone about how cheap the spicy chicken bowl is.  I do want to come back to try the corned beef hash, and when I do, I will update my review as I see fit.
5	This is my new favorite island food place. Great deals and great food. Plate lunches cost just as much as any other place but portions are twice as much. Def recommend it
4	I love this place. When you think of a Hawaiian BBQ kind of place, I'm sure L&L might come into mind at first, but once you try Ross J's, your Hawaiian food referral is switched. Starting off with their service, the staff is friendly and gives off their local Hawaiian feel. (I'm from HI myself) I love the locals service. They're all very welcoming and patient, especially when their lines are longer. However, I feel they're somewhat under-staffed during certain shifts. I've eaten here about 4 times and I cannot get enough of the garlic chicken with gravy... What I love is that the gravy isn't too salty, so the flavor of the chicken is what you're tasting with the compliment of gravy. I did try their loco moco, just because my boyfriend ordered the garlic chicken already. Their pork patty to eggs to rice ratio is right on the dot. The seating is limited depending on the hour of your visit.  If you're dining in, they serve your entree on large plates. Overall, all visits were worth the drive and money. Youre leaving with a happy stomach :)
5	Love this place.  Everytime i go here the food is good and the price is just right.  Good selection of local favorites too.
4	The food is great! I ordered pork cutlets from the favorites column and it was a HUGE plate. If I can't finish my meal at any restaurant then that place deserves kudos in my book. I think what would've made the experience like the absolute best would be if there was more people working. I came on Sunday and all the seats were taken and only one person was working the cashier and serving the food. Maybe I had bad luck and they just happened to have a chaos grenade go off when I got there...either way my taste buds were satisfied. Mahalo.
5	I just relocated to henderson about a month ago and had lunch with my daughter yesterday. I ordered their won ton saimin with vegetables and hamburger...the food was just like back home. The saimin noodles was fresh and portions was huge...had hard time finish this bugga but manage to put'em away. This place kinda remind me of Shiro's back home in Aiea and fast service with a smile. So, when i get the munchies for local food...braddah this is the place to eat and i going try the kalua pig and cabbage the next time...much mahalos and aloha! By the way, the waitress told me that the owner operates Aloha Specialties,too.
5	Again, i ate the hawaiian plate this past Friday and everything was so ONO with lau lau,kalua cabbage, lomi salmon and looks like about 2 cups of rice on one big plate. Whew Cuz, after that lunch i came home and had to take a nap little while...so full and contented. Like i said before, this is the place to get your bang for the buck!! Much Mahalos and Aloha from the local boy here in Vegas, but still no can beat home.
4	It's another plate lunch place!  How many different ones are there now in Vegas?  I am loosing count, but my husband loves his plate lunches, and we're heading here today.  He tells me you'll want to try the spicy Korean chicken, I tell him, I'll look at the menu and decide for myself.  Well once I looked, I ended up getting the spicy Korean chicken.  It was spicy, crispy and had good flavor, served with two scoops rice and mac salad.  I do like a good plate lunch, but there are so many carbs!
3	We decided to come here since we thought it was right off the highway. We found out later it is more inland. It is close to the Ethel M chocolate factory just to give you an idea of where it is located. I ordered the Spicy Korean Chicken which came with white rice and macaroni salad. It is a huge serving that you can split into two to three meals. I ate all of the macaroni though because that doesn't keep well and it was too delicious to stop. Ross J's does a better macaroni than Baby Stacks. The Spicy Korean Chicken was good but I thought it would be spicy I just felt a tinge of spice from it. I also ordered the green drink which is really sweet. It's like drinking juice from concentrate. If you don't have a super sweet tooth I would advise against it. It was a good solid meal for a nice price!
5	This place is awesome!!! And the price is right, oh yeah. I usually get a spam masubi and spicy chicken bowl. Under 5 bucks for a chicken meal?? Such a good deal! The saimin is also fabulous, and for four bucks it is hugeeee. They do daily specials on the board every day, and have a great big selection of authentic hawaiian dishes. I have yet to try anything that is not awesome. I usually call ahead so it is ready when I come, but even when I have walked in the food is always finished fast. It IS a busy place but they manage to take care of everyone at a steady pace.All of their food is delicious, and the people who run this place are so nice. SO NICE. So what are you waiting for? Come support this awesome local business!
4	Great food and great prices! The Spicy Korean Chicken Bowl is my favorite. Large portions for low prices. Only 4 stars because of the dive atmosphere, but it's always clean and friendly, and you can't beat the food!!
4	Try to make it here once a month. Love the spicy korean chicken and spam masubi.
4	This was my first time here, so my review may change when I return (something I plan to do!).I went on a Friday night at dinner time. It wasn't super busy and the service was friendly and quick. I ordered the Hawai'ian Plate and Diet Coke and the Mrs. had the same.The Kalua Pork was the best part of the dish. I'd give this a 5/5 on the awesometown-o-meter of flavor. It was succulent and flavorful, something I long for in pork. If you are looking for properly cooked pig meat, come here.The white sticky rice and mac salad were very good as well. The only gripes I have were that the salmon...basically didn't exist and that the laulau was just "meh."I'll head back for the katsu and kalua pork!
5	One of my favorite places to go for lunch.  There is so much variety on their menu, always have a hard time deciding what to eat. The portions of their meal is so BIG !!!   Even the mini size ones.  The prices are very reasonable for the amount of food you get.  Great bang for your bucks every time I eat here. The food taste awesome as well. So glad we are close to this place for lunches.
4	Solid food for the price. One can easily get by with spending $6 for lunch. For a mixed special rice bowl with spicy chicken cost me that. What you get? A large bowl of rice is piled high with meat and doused with teriyaki sauce. I didn't know that there were no veggies, but they offer a side of them for an additional $1. The service is warm and quick. It is no surprise that they have so many people stopping in to get lunch.
5	Tried them out for a Sunday lunch, and wasn't disappointed. As you might have deduced from the storefront, they are a real mom and pop, hole in the wall sort of place-- prime target for Yelping! The interior has a decently sized area for seating if you so choose. I suppose dining out might be a nice experience as well but they seem to get lots of take out business from regulars. That's another thing...you'll probably see a lot of regulars in line ahead of you. That sort of following counts for something. The lady at the counter was friendly and helpful-- no complaints there. We ordered some pretty standard staples; the chicken teriyaki with vegetables and the spicy korean chicken bowls. The "bowl" is simply a smaller version of the plate. Considering the portion sizes of their plates, the bowl orders were more than enough food for us, but if you are a hefty eater you may opt for the whole nine yards. I was a tad disappointed but hardly surprised to find that they don't offer brown rice. This is an AUTHENTIC Hawaii style eatery and the options will reflect that. That's not to say that they don't do some unique things here--the menu has many interesting choices on it that I will no doubt be back to try, including a beef rib eye sandwich and Hawaiian fried chicken. Hawaiian expats will certainly find themselves at home here.As for our food, it definitely met expectations. The chicken teriyaki was not drenched in a nausea inducing amount of glaze like you might find at an L&L. Oh and if you haven't figured it out, this place blows them out of the water. Like seriously. The extra dollar for veggies was worth it but it would have been nice to have some broccoli thrown in there. That turns out to be a separate add on for another dollar. The spicy korean chicken bowl had a unique flavor to it but it could have done with a bit more kick...I felt I needed to add some Sriracha sauce to finish the job. Still, even with the extra money spent for veggies, this food is very competitively priced. You can  walk in with a five dollar bill and walk out full and satisfied. It may not be as healthy as a Teriyaki Boy franchise, (where you can get a low-carb bowl) but it is much tastier and worth driving out of your way for. This joint is a do.
5	I was initially very hesitant to come here. A lot of my friends talked about how amazing it was but I have been very skeptical of the crap Hawaiian places that seems to be popping up everywhere. Thankfully I was not disappointed.Located over North Green Valley, Ross J's serves up huge portions of real Hawaiian food. The menu is pretty expansive, they have all the traditional stuff you would find at any Hawaiian restaurants - katsu, saimen, corn beef hash, and the like. But they a couple of their own original stuff: Korean bowls, hamburger steak and the like which are great. Also the prices are very reasonable.Every dish is a massive amount of food. I don't know how I finish each time but its so damn good. Suggestions: try getting the chicken with out the skin. The skin is a little fatty and actually tastes better with out it. Sub in fried rice for regular rice. The spam fried rice is awesome and goes well with pretty much any dish.Definitely check this place out if you are looking for some real Hawaiian places.
4	Ross J's is pretty good! I love how close it is to me and it's really good local food. Not "just like home" but pretty much as good as it gets. Their portions are HUGE!! Definitely one of two places I go to whenever I need my local grindz fix!
4	I haven't been back in a long while, but still rather satisfied with this spot. The portions are large so you can get a lot of bites at a cheap price. It's sort've outrageous actually how big the bowls are. The BF and I shared a korean spicy chicken bowl - it's not really "spicy" but more spice flavored sweet soy sauce in that it reminds me of korean food without the heat. It's still pretty good, but this time it wasn't as crunchy on the skin which can make it rather fatty. I don't know how big a actual plate would be if this was a bowl sized. Pork katsu menehune plate - menehune is their mini sized plates that has mostly rice, and a tiny scoop (like half what a scoop normally would be). The katsu was crisp and wasn't dried out which seems to happen a lot of pork chop katsus. Lumpia shanghai - their was 6 in a order and these were thin and long and not filled with too much. Still, even though I would have liked more filling, the pork, carrot and cabbage filling was decent. We also got a side of macaroni since the menehune didn't have too much and the BF loves macaroni. It was a heaping scoop side. There was one lady at the counter running the show. Poor auntie had a constant line of people, and had to clear plates and serve so it took a bit for service, but nothing we can fault her on at all. She was doing everything. Overall, still probably the best plate lunch Hawaiian food around in flavor and in price. It's no surprise there's this many people flowing in.
3	ordered a teriyaki chicken bowl to-go..portion size and food were great, along with a great price....but service was just ok..I'll still come back here for the food.
4	This little restaurant was very good! Tried the Local Plate and Ross J's Special Plate. Both of these were very good! The fried chicken on the special was insane and the Spam Musubi was spot on. Overall atmosphere was casual and friendly. Would definitely come back here!
2	I got spam and eggs and rice.  I know its nothing big, but I have it at a lot of other places and this was just blah.. I could have totally made it better at home.  My friends said the bowls they got were pretty good, but I just wasn't impressed.  I would rather go to the Cal hotel and get oxtail there or topselog filipino breakfast.   Now that is what I call Yumm.
5	I gotta say, this place is by far one of the best Hawaiian food joints in Vegas. Funny how this place is kinda a hole in the wall joint. But usually hole in the wall joints usually the best. I like the fact this place has good prices that comes with great food with pretty decent portion sizes. A place that you could come with a big appetite and leave full and happy. Two of my favorite plates to get here is the Korean chicken plate and the Ross j's special. Both plates are roughly 8 to 9 bucks but man, the portion size is huge!!!!!  Good for two meals or two people! Depending on your appetite of course.Also I like the fact the cashiers are really nice people. You could also tell from the way they talk and there accents that the people here are definitely from the islands. This is one of the very few places in Vegas where you could get authentic Hawaiian food, good customer service, and if you come here fairly often. You are pretty much treated like family. I love this place.
5	I've gone to this place for lunch a couple of times over the last two years and really liked it. I just never went often. Back in August a friend asked us if we ever went there because we are only a mile away. He said that his family ate there a lot. The very next night we went and for some reason fell in love with it. We now frequent Ross J's and I realized tonight that I have never written a review. It's funny reading the reviews because it seems as if everyone votes for the Korean Spicy Chicken. That's the only thing I have ever had there and I love it. I have it with the vegetables. You gotta have the veggies. The service is great. The wonderful lady at the counter introduced herself once, but I forgot her name. I'll find out next time. They are not slow, but they do have to prepare the food so there is a little bit of a wait. I think I'll start calling in my order. I actually asked about some other things on the menu tonight ,but ended up getting the same thing. Next time I'll be adventurous. Bottom line...the food is great and the service is great. I love this place.
2	Okay food. What surprised me was my food came out in 4 minutes, meaning it was precooked. That's ok if I was in a hurry. If I am near here I will return. Good prices.
4	OMG!!!!! I love this place seriously. I am amazed at how awesome the food is there. I orignally heard about this place from my co-workers and ever since have been coming here. They have very good food at a very reasonable price. It is the best Hawaiian place in Vegas.I am defiantely going to be coming here a lot. Especially, since my work is in the parking lot. Now I am one happy person! Thanks to everyone I work with!
5	This place is soooo good. I'm in love :) prices are absolutely awesome!
4	For the price, the quality  of the food and amount of food is pretty good. Did not expect to find a good hawaiian place in henderson. Lunch time specials are great. Currently a regular on this establishment since i work close by.
5	Prices good and portions big... And most important food was Ono! Cheeee! I recommend the garlic chicken plate
5	The best! simply put. I love it 5 stars i eat here all the time! SPICY KOREAN! is to die for, In fact I will be in after work to get some. The pricing is amazing for the quality and quantity you get. the staff is very friendly as well.
4	First of all, this place is CHEAP.  You can get a whole lotta diabetes for not a lot of money.  Example: Mix plate = Huge filet of breaded chicken, huge filet of breaded mahi mahi, huge portion of Teriyaki beef, approximately 1 pound of cooked, white rice, and mac salad.  All this for $6.95.INSANE.Second, big, big selection.  They really do have something for everyone.  And, and, they have my beloved Lau Lau on Fridays (Hawaiian plate, what what).Third, it's always packed with Hawaiians.  I feel that my presence is probably bringing down their rep, but, whatevs.  I want the diabetes too!Overall, good Hawaiian spot.  Leftovers for days.  Win.
4	First time here for dinner before going to see "Man of Steel" at the best movie theater in town.  A popular spot with Yelp peeps, I was pleased to see that they offer breakfast all day.  I had the eggs, Portuguese sausage, and rice for the bargain price of $5.50--deal!  The sausage had a nice little kick to it, but I only got 4 pieces and about 3 cups of rice--for reals.  I think there should be some equity in proportion, but it's so cheap, I guess I can't really complain.  I really can't complain because I didn't even pay--thanks, BP!  Friendly service and a good selection of Aloha eats--mahalo!
4	I know that Ross J's has been around for quite some time.  Shame on me, that it took me this long to eat here. I'm in the area from time to time and have been to Blue Fin and Sumo, but never here until recent.  The food at Ross J's is comfort island food to me.  Here, you can get pretty much the same dishes that the rest of the Hawaiian joints have.  But here, the prices are cheap and the portions are huge. We arrived one early evening for a quick dinner with friends.  I ended up getting their Loco Moco and Portuguese Sausage Masubi.  Total came to about $7, which is a steal.  Both were full of favor and did I mention the servings?  My Loco Moco had enough rice that was drenched in gravy, topped with eggs, and complimented with two hamburger patties.  If I'm in the area, specifically in this side of Henderson, I now know where to go if I'm craving some comfort food at a great deal. Loco Moco:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=7S7rzrgGKlbyeW9aTEjyiA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQPortuguese Sausage Masubi:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=bsDfORivIAUj9CIkPL5FyQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
4	As good as everyone said. Portions were large and very good. No poke during the week was a little disappointing, only on Friday's.
3	After reading the reviews, I was giddy with joy that Ross J's makes mochiko chicken. I made my way here and Lo and behold, Ross J's only serves it when he has time to make it. Oh that hawaiian timetable makes my stomach grumble. I also expected a plate to be massive after reading all these reviews. Usually a hawaiian lunch plate in Hawaii usually can feed  a family of 4. I must have been more hawaiian this day as one plate barely fed 2 of us. The chicken katsu was good and I'll have to try this place again for their hawaiian plate. When's the lau lau and poi coming out?
5	Best Hawaiian food in town!Delicious food very reasonably priced. Try the mixed plate!
5	Been going to Ross J's for over 10 years and everything I've tried there is delicious. My personal fav is spicy Korean chicken and meat jun. The meat jun sauce is crazy good! Ross J's never disappoints!!
5	FRIDAY= Hawaiian plate= KANAK ATTACK....ALL PAU....cannot breath no mo room. Came in hungry, left tired, but all teeth!! AUURITE!!
4	Really awesome and delicious food. Korean chicken bowl!! And under 4.00
5	I ADORE Ross J's. I use to work in the same parking lot and would often forget my lunch on purpose so I could walk and buy my lunch here. I wish I lived/ worked near by but then again I would eat here everyday if I did. The prices are very affordable and the owner and his daughter are just lovely. I always get great service here, never any issues. I usually order the spicy chicken or the chicken teriyaki add broccoli. The portions are huge, I can't really finish a whole plate on my own. The chicken is cooked perfectly not over done, still moist and juicy. OH and I love the fact they have koolaid.Seriously if you are ever in the area check them out, they are amazing!!
4	I'm a regular at another nearby Hawaiian joint but thought I'd try something new.  Wasn't overly impressed walking in but the restaurant itself is not nearly as important as the food it serves.  Went with their signature plate the "Ross J Special" and I can't say there's anything to complain about.  Great flavors, very authentic, and stands out uniquely above other Hawaiian Grills. Might be my new go-to HI spot.
4	After seeing all the tips and pics of the Spicy Korean Chicken, I was more than intrigued to come here. So when I jus happened to be in the area, there was no doubt what I was gonna have for lunch.Came here at 11:30 and there was a little line forming already. Ordered my Spicy Korean Chicken with Mushrooms and onions. Threw some sriracha on there (which was on every table) and enjoyed how crispy the chicken was. The onions and mushrooms were the cherry on top. All of this was sittin on top of steamed white rice. I love the teriyaki sauce they put on top. It was just the right amount to bring all the flavors together like a very good orchestral symphony. Service was surprisingly fast based off of the customers that ordered before me. Im actually glad I got in at the time I did because around 12, the place got packed quick! That's always a good sign of a good establishment.Prices are really good for the portions that you get. What I got was supposedly one of the bowl options. Seemed more like a stretched out oblong plate. Mind you they have actual plate combos that give you even more food.Since all I had was the chicken, I know I have way more reasons to come back here to try out the other great items. 4 solid stars.
5	I have been going to this place for at least 10 years. I am sorry it took me so long to Yelp it, shame on me.This place is a little hole in the wall and amazing. You know you are in the right place when you are the only Non Hawaiian in there. I always get the same thing. Poke, its only on the menu on  Friday and its really delicious. The mac salad is done right too. I learned some Hawaiian slang too. if its good, you say "it broke da mouf! and this place definitely broke my mouf!
5	This place is great! Everything is so good, and the price is absolutely awesome. This place's Katsu Chicken makes L&L's and taste like chicken nuggets. If you're in this part of town, hit it up for lunch or dinner. You won't be disappointed.
4	I love this place! One of the best authentic Hawaiian dishes in Las Vegas.  Staff is super friendly. On top of their regular menu they also have daily specials.  You never know what dish they will have available for these specials so its always good to visit frequently.If your craving Hawaiian food this is the place to go!!! Be cautious if you are trying to take your lunch break and only have 30 minutes as they get really busy around noon.  I've seen the line as long as out the door.  My advice is to go prior to 12p.
4	good food
5	Food,service,atmosphere feels like back home! the prices are just outrageous...cheap! I'm definitely going to be back!
3	Very good. I always get the Spicy Korean Chicken and Kahlua Pig Combo. The portions are huge and the food is full of flavor. The bathroom was a bit on the gross side, and the dining room could use a cleaning
5	Never disappointed eating here. Friendly service, hot and fantastic tasting food.  I especially like the spicy chicken bowl.  You can have it with a fountain drink for under $6, what a bargain.I want to try their breakfast one day.
4	Once again I'm kind of disappointed at another favorite Hawaiian spot after bringing some coworker. But at least you're food, the non-rice stuff was delicious. My 2nd to last time went like this.  We called up and placed an order for a few plates.  When we went to pick it up the guy behind the counter got all butt hurt about separating checks and made it out like we were the ones at fault. They don't have a sophisticated ordering system. And what I did I get in return? A plate filled with a lot of rice and a couple of tiny pieces of their teriyaki roast pork. Tell me if you what this http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ross-js-aloha-grill-henderson?select=UkcdJ3gue48-9FRPJ31tTw#UkcdJ3gue48-9FRPJ31tTw not worth what I paid.  Their rice to non-rice food ration is pretty disappointing.  Who want lots of rice and a little of the good stuff? No other place does that.  You not inventing the wheel. 1 scoop rice or maybe 2 tops not half a pot. Your food is good but not that good enough.My last time went better just because no one ordered ahead of time. Yea who orders ahead now days? Ordered the spicy Korean chicken it was good, it is what they are known for, but again I got nothing but rice and a few pieces of chicken.I probably wont make the trip for them anymore but if I'm in the area and feeling like Hawaiian sure why not. Maybe even stop by after a movie or after drinking at the near by businesses.Solid 3.5 star rating. Best in Henderson/Green Valley sure.
5	I recently catered some food from Ross Js and the food was delicious. This was the first time I ever tried their food but I had no doubt that it would be good because of previous reviews and recommendations from friends. We ordered the chicken teriyaki, chicken katsu, beef teriyaki and the fried rice. The service was very welcoming when I arrived to pick up the orders and the inside of their business seemed very homey. The portions that were given were very generous and for a very reasonable price.I would rate this establishment over L&L and although I think L&L is good I just think Ross Js is just as good and for a better price.The only minor con that I noticed but is not enough to knock a star off is the Katsu sauce. Now I know most Hawaiians have ketchup with their food and it goes for Katsu chicken too but at L&L they have a sweet thick gravy type sauce that comes with their Katsu chicken that I prefer over the ketchup.
4	My favorite hawaiian restaurant I love their macaroni salad and everthing with gravy.
5	Best local hawaiian food spot in town IMO. The portions are huge, fast service, delicious food. The meat jun and saimin are my favorite things to get!
5	First of all, the servings are huge!  I can usually get 2-3 meals out of an order, especially if it's a large order.  So far I have had the kalua pork and katsu chicken.  Although the kalua pork was a little salty for my taste (I'm not a huge salt fan), I enjoyed both dishes.  I always substitute the fried rice - it is very flavorful.  I can't put my finger on what it is, but the macaroni salad has a unique flavor to it.  I enjoy it, but my mother was not a fan (more for me!).  My only complaint about this place is that they often have a large list of items that they are out of, but I guess you know that everything is fresh that way.  I'm a fan.
5	Best Hawaiian food in Las Vegas. Big portions reasonable prices. If you go during lunch hours during the week it get a little busy but defiantly worth the wait. I usually do the Ross Js Special Pack it's a BIG plate so usually don't finish it all. Spicy Korean is great as well. They have poke Friday's so If I'm there on a Friday I do the Poke.Also, the Red punch goes good with any meal!
4	the first time i ate here, the portion was super small.  but i gave it another try.  glad to say i was not disappointed this time around.  korean chicken is pretty good.  you can create your own combo, which is always a plus.  saimin is a definite throwback to back home.  everything here tastes good.  one of my favorite local grinds.
5	I love you Ross J, I don't think it's allowed how cheap you are. I've had this place bookmarked for awhile. We were randomly around the area and decided to check it out.So many decisions, so little stomach. Luckily, there were 4 of us that could have tried 4 different plates. Too bad 3 of us for the same thing. The small Korean chicken was so fulfilling. If you get a small one, you should add some onions and mushrooms, it'll come out to be $5, definitely not that bad. Want to make it even better? My friend got it with noodles instead of rice. It was the best thing ever. I used to wonder what was so good about saimin, if pretty much just ramen right? Nope! It was so much more flavorful!The spamusubi also had a bunch of sauce, yumm!Meat Jun: kind of a disappointment. Not as flavorful as everything else and it really just didn't stand out.Too lazy to read this review? Long story short, get everything!
5	I've been here about four times now but this is the first time I've ever posted a review for this place.  So far, so good, I have yet to have a bad experience at this restaurant.  The food is wonderful and the prices are reasonable compared to other Hawaiian restaurants; and the restaurant itself - it's great.  If you feel like eating in, there's plenty of room for that as there is ample seating available.
5	Real good ! Big portions I mean huge. Great flavor, a must try if in the area.
5	This place is flat out amazing.Every Item on the menu is great. I love the Spicy Korean chicken the most though. My other favorites would have to be the Fried chicken, chicken katsu, hamburger katsu, and the Kalua pig.Best Hawaiin food in town.
2	I was really disappointed when I tried the spicy Korean chicken... it seemed like a lot of people praised the menu item, but it was not great at all. In fact, it just tasted like chicken with some fried breading with very little flavor. I gave the restaurant a benefit of the doubt and gave another chance of the spicy Korean chicken, and it was still the same.. so in conclusion, spicy Korean chicken is not very good. Sad to say, but is one of my least favorite Hawaiian restaurants in town. Does not have friendly service either. Probably won't go back.
5	Ohh Buddy where do I start, how about best Hawaiian food in Las Vegas, no Waite better yet best Hawaiian food in the continental United States, Yha this is the authentic Hawaiian food you expect from the islands, ohh I just might be here for lunch and dinner today, I do recommend getting the beef bowl with gravy, add pork fried rice, and also add the mushrooms and onions, the gravy is soooooo good I can just drink it, I know I know that sounds nasty "drinking gravy" but who cares what you think this gravy is amazing!!! And you can make a sprunch (sprit and punch)
5	Chose to try Ross J's last night, and I must say I was really liked it! I had the spicy Korean chicken bowl, my husband had sausage with eggs and rice, and my kids shared a chicken katsu. Price for everything was around $14.00. What?!!! Food tasted great and the price was even better. Kicking myself for not coming here sooner!
5	This place rocks. Real Hawaiian food, great prices. Definitely be back.  Great service too!
5	I have never in my 24 years of life thought any establishment other than McDonald's put drugs in their food until i came to Ross Js. I swear I have become a fiend for their spicy korean chicken with extra sauce. its to the point where i will leave my house early for work just so i can stop and get my spicy korean chicken fix. I wish they were open later so i could eat it when i get off work. But i mean really the portion size is very filling and its beyond cheap[$4.05 for a chicken bowl come on not even subway can beat that]. personally i have tried the other stuff on the menu but me being such a picky eater that didnt go over so well but i will always come back for my chicken bowl with extra sauce.
5	AMAZING! Everyone in there is just super friendly and the food is AMAZING! There are days when I eat here for breakfast then do a quick run for lunch. I'd have to say that the spicy Korean chicken bowl is one if my favorites. If I'm in the mood for beef I always get teriyaki beef bowl with onions and mushrooms. Ross J's just has so many choices that there is always something new. I would definitely recommend eating here! Fast. Friendly. And good. What more could someone want?
4	Affordable, delicious, Hawaiian food!Staff are always so friendly!Great selection of foods to choose from!Personal favorites : Beef Stew, Meat Jun, Mochiko Chicken, Fried Saimin, and Loco Moco!I'm not sure if I've tried everything on the menu but it's good food everytime!
5	This place is da bomb! Korean chicken is delicious, my wife gets the Ross J's special with old fashion fried, this is the best deal for the money. My fav is the hamburger katsu with 2 eggs on top, onolicious!  The garlic chicken,  teriyaki butter fish and roast pork is also very good. We love this place!
5	If you want to be reminded of being back home in Hawaii then I'd recommend Ross J's. It's definitely the best Hawaiian place I've had since moving to Las Vegas. Great friendly staff, affordable food, quick service if your looking for a fast meal to go. The Spicy Korean Chicken bowl one of my favorites. For being as cheap as they are they give really good portions that always leave me taking the rest home in a to-go box. Overall I've never had a bad experience at Ross J's and I would recommend it to anyone who lives in the Henderson area that wants some real quality Hawaiian food.
5	Forget all the other so-called Hawaiian plate lunch places, all you need to know is Ross J's Aloha Grill! Large menu selection with local favorites and served with Aloha by actual Hawaii guys. We were warmly greeted walking in and also when leaving with our delicious assortment of musubi, lumpia, and plate lunches. Food was really good, rice and meats cooked to perfection, no dry rice here. My only regret is that we found this place on our last day in Vegas, at least we have spam and Portuguese sausage musubi for our long drive to Oregon :)
4	This is real deal Hawaiian period. Was in town. Tired of casino food. Wanted away from the strip. So me and my lady hit Roy J's. I had the Aloha Bento plate and she had the Teriyaki Combo. We shared some fruit punch. Everything was killer. The only problem is now when I go home I won't be able to find Hawaiian this good.
3	I'm surprised I haven't left a review.  Well I have been here about three or four times and it's not so bad when you want to get your Hawaiian fix.  I like this place because they have fresh sides like broccoli or kimchee.  If you're from Hawaii, you know the islanders just look for their protein and rice, oh and Mac salad. Lol!  I walked in this time around and was disappointed that they didn't have the butterfish on the menu and then I didn't see any other fish dishes in the menu.  I was so upset that I walked out, however my husband stayed because he wanted to eat. He knew I was grouchy and hungry, as was he, so he actually had asked (unlike me) to see if they had butterfish.  Aunty said, not supposed to, but guess what, she made one for me!  I then got back into a better mood, oopsie.Warning, they give plenty of rice.  I don't really eat rice and rice takes most of your plate.  They might be better off using the ice cream scooper like everyone else...haha, why not, right?  But that's my reasoning for the three stars.  Mac salad was pretty mean and I will say that I actually killed the Mac salad way before even eating half my lunch.
5	I remember when they were located across the street from where they are now. Affordable, a lot of food and more importantly delicious! They have steady regulars so make sure you stop between rush hours. Always been a favorite of their breakfast offerings, loco moco and beef stew. Friendly  staff! Don't let the gangster looking dude with the bandana fool u. He is a nice dude and professional. Best Hawaiian food in Vegas. Hands down.
5	There isn't anything on Ross J's that I don't like. Ultimate faves are the Spicy Korean Chicken and the Meat Jun. Their mac salad is just so good that I always have to order an extra side of it. This place is truly a gem and whenever I need to feed that craving for "local grinds", this will always be my go to spot.
5	Great spot , nothing beats a little local food joint ! A lot of people been telling me of this place over the last couple months and I decided to go check them out and let me say not bad !
5	All I can say is that this is my number one  hawaiian food spot! Spicy combo bowl is the best as well as their loco moco!! Service is very personable and I always feel homey when I come here!! I love Ross Js!!
5	I had a pregnant patient with high blood pressure. She kept coming into her appointments saying she ate too much once again. Lol. I had to ask, well what is so good that you just have to eat all the time? She introduced me to Ross J's, and I've been hooked ever since. They have an amazing Korean spicy chicken bowl for $3.75, and it is amazing (I'm a wuss when it comes to spicy and this is perfect). Also, their spam musubi is on point. Hands down best Hawaiian food in Vegas. Large portions. Cheap cost. Great quality. Always a good crowd.
5	Was introduced to this place by a friend and have been a couple times now. The food is good and the portions are big. Very affordable. Will definitely be going anytime I am on that side of town.  Had the Teriyaki steak plate the first time and the Loco moco the second.  Both were great.
5	Quite possibly the best Hawaiian food place in Las Vegas,Ross J's Aloha Grill is located in the Green Valley area in Henderson,making it a bit of a drive for Las Vegans who don't live on the east side of the I-15 - but it is worth the drive,I guarantee it. The service is always great; the staff very personable and friendly,as well as quick and efficient.The venue itself is comprised of all booths,which I personally prefer to tables (there are a few tables in the back part of the restaurant,for handicapable guests).The food - don't get me started on the food. In addition to being easy on the wallet,the food is freshly prepared and (depending how slammed the venue is) always promptly out. They have the Hawaiian staples - spam musubi,chicken katsu,etc. but what makes Aloha Grill stand out is their combination bowls (rice bowl toppings for under $7!) and the customer's ability to substitute the regular jasmine rice that comes with their meal for Aloha Grill's pork fried rice (worth the extra $2,trust me). A must try,whenever you're on the east side,definitely consider stopping in! Aloha!
5	I just love this place. I've had a lot of their other items but my standard order is the spicy korean chicken bowl for $3.75. Then I add a side of Kimchi and a drink. You're out the door for just over $7 something. On a side note, if you order something else and want to try the Spicy Korean chicken, you can add it as a side for only $2.65 I think, or around there. I'm quoting from memory. I recall it being very cheap.What I like about the chicken is it's more flavour than spice...I don't think it's spicy anyways. That's why I pair it with the kimchi just to bump it up a bit. Also, this is chicken with the skin on. They cook the skin until it's crispy. BTW Kimchi is very good for you, as it's a fermented veggie. A side of kimchi costs around $1.30 I think. Again, I'm recalling from memory so I might be slightly off. It's a super food in that they've done studies of kimchi lowering your cholesterol if eaten daily. It's also low fat, low calorie and high fibre.Due to the fermentation process kimchi is an excellent source of probiotics, these are the good bacteria that help your body fight off various infections. Kimchi is also packed with vitamins and minerals such as vitamin A, some B vitamins, iron, calcium, and selenium.  These all contribute to supporting muscle growth, improve your immune system, and improve blood flow.I don't know what this bowl looks like togo, but for dining in, they do not skimp. it's one of the best deals in town.TIP: order an extra side of the Spicy Korean chicken because you can get two meals if you only eat half of the rice and save half for later. Mind you I am judging this by the amount given for dining in. I'm diabetic and the official serving size for rice tends to be much less than the average american would chow down on. Portion sizes should be much smaller than most people eat. SO...if you are not a total pig and you are used to portioning out your rice, you should get 2 meals of rice out of this bowl. This breaks down to about $6.50 for two meals. Not bad huh?
4	Very delicious. Reasonable prices. My husband and l stopped by randomly and will come back again. He ordered the teriyaki combo plate and I have the spicy chicken combo bowl. Very delicious and nice customer service! You should check it out!
5	Wow! I was really impressed with this whole in the wall. I heard from a few friends how good this place was but didn't get a chance to try until today. I ordered the spicy korean chicken with mushroom and onions. It was far beyond excellent.  I saw a gentlemen order the samw thing but instead of white rice he got fried rice. I guess I'll have to come back to give that a try.  But for now, this place earns a 5 star from me!
5	Awesome food at a great price!   We thought that the portions would be small based on the price.  Wrong! The spicy Korean chicken bowl was filled with delicious crunchy sweet chicken. The sauce was a perfect compliment with the fresh vegetables.  The roast pork was served with a very flavorful gravy over rice with a small serving of macaroni salad.  We were so full that we didn't get to the fried noodles.   Took them home for a late night snack! We live across town but will definitely be back!
4	When you are missing island homestyle grinds or want to get a taste of Hawaiian comfort food, you'll find it here!  I was in heaven back in '01 when they opened their 2nd place here in Green Valley. Aloha Specialties at the Cal is their first restaurant. Since then Ross J's has gone through one move but it is still the same family and still the same ono (good) eats!  2 scoops of rice, 1 scoop mac (macaroni)salad, and choice of meat and you have your traditional Hawaiian "Plate Lunch!" That's what I wanted today. I got the "Hawaiian Plate" which came with Kalua Pig and Lau Lau. The price is right too! Loooove the Kalua Pig and Lau Lau. Both are moist with a lot of flavor and portion wise, fine enough for me...but DANG THE RICE..it was more like 2 shovels than 2 scoops of rice! I hardly eat rice as it is so there was plenty left that got wasted.  Now I remember why I hardly am here anymore.  Not trying to come off as a health nut, but dietary wise too much starches, not enough veggies.  Ahh no worries I'll just shake it off in Hot Hula Fitness classes at the gym. Ross J crew always full of Aloha. They still remember us and come out to say hi. Atmosphere here is pretty laid back. I can show up sans no makeup, crazy hair wearing slippahs in the winter and no one gives me stink eye. The place is clean, it's been through couple changes throughout the years. Gone is the awesome mural they had at the original location.  The booths in dining area had blue seating with the surf scene on it. It's now red  hibiscus flowers.  But for going on fifteen years here in Henderson this place still gots the island flavor!
5	Best Hawaiian/Filipino fusion ever. I love their food. Service is good. I usually get their lumpia and some kind of rice dish. Students from my school come here all.the.time.
5	This place is amazing! I cannot resist good Hawaiian food, it's the perfect comfort cuisine. This is one of the best Hawaiian food joints I have ever eaten at.-Awesomely friendly service-Big portions-Big menu with many options-Everything is delicious-CHEAP! It's hard to find good cheap Hawaiian food these daysI tried my personal favorite Loco Moco and was impressed. It was simply delightful. Do yourself a favor, drive 15 minutes to Henderson from the strip and try them out.
5	The food here is better than a lot of food places in HAWAII for local flavors. We had the won ton mein and the Hawaiian plate with beef stew. I eat here often since it is closer to me than the related Aloha Specialties at the CAL. The food is authentic local kine grinds and the service is full of the Aloha spirit. I have had the Aloha plate and the Korean chicken plate on previous visits and both are excellent too.
5	Hands down the Best Hawaiian food place in Las Vegas! Especially on Fridays when they have fresh Poke and Lau Lau. Everything they serve is so delicious so you cannot go wrong :)
4	A Good place for Hawaii Local Kine Grinds. The best I've tried here is the loco mock with extra gravy, chicken katsu, mochiko chicken, Korean chicken and the won ton min is yummy just like home. If you eating a plate plenty white rice and a scoop of Mac salad. staff is always freindly and plenty of local ohanas frequent this establishment.they also have one in the California Hotel Aloha Specialties if you go downtown.
5	I was actually visiting from San Diego, CA and the only hawaiian food we have is L&L's.. I stepped into this place because of the reviews on yelp and not to my surprise... Its busy. Chicken katsu was sold out which I found..odd but, I figured it was because it was good. The gentlemen helping me recommended the garlic chicken with gravy. I ordered that along with musubi and literally, best fucking hawaiian food I've ever had. I wish I had more macaroni salad.
5	This is such an awesome place to go! Reminds me of the Mom and Pops restaurants back home. Very cozy, and relaxing. Customer service is superb! Lots of great menu choices and the prices are very reasonable. This is a must go to place for lunch or dinner if you're in this part of town. Your tummy will be satisfied!
4	I love this place. Definitely the best place in Henderson for Hawaiian food. The servings on the plates are huge, and the flavors are all good. If you've never been here then of course you have to try the spicy Korean chicken as everyone says.
4	This place has great food for a great price! Sometimes the service is a little slow, but always great food!  They are also very friendly even if they are packed with a long line!
1	Ordered the roast pork menehune. Looked like TV dinner.  Not coming back. The Siamin was horrible.
1	Well, we TRIED to eat here today.  Upon walking in, we noticed that there was only one woman working.  The food looked amazing though so we got in line.  After standing there for nearly 15 minutes while the one woman bussed tables, fixed other customer's orders and cleaned, the guy in front of us gave up and left.  Now at the front of the line, we figured it wouldn't be too much longer.  We weren't acknowledged as the one employee continued to serve every other customer that walked up. She finally glanced at us several minutes later and gave us an apathetic "sorry" before continuing on.  After having waited nearly 25 minutes, we realized that even if we placed our order now, it would take way too long to receive it.  And so we too gave up, the second customer in a row to do so.  On our way out, I wished the next customer walking in good luck.  It's truly a shame, we would have loved to try the food.  It still looks amazing.  Perhaps if they hire more staff.
4	Lot of food for a good price.and it taste great too! I will eat here at least twice a week now.highly recommended
4	For my first time, it was pretty darn good. I had to get the much raved about Spicy Korean Chicken, it lived up to the hype. Great flavor with just a bite of heat, goes great with the rice and macaroni salad to cool things off. I got an order of the Lumpia, they were not as fantastic as I had hoped, but it's okay. It was a cheap lunch (about $8) and I still have some for later!Staff was nice, I took it to go but the restaurant looked clean and busy!I'll go again, so much on the menu to try, not sure what will be next!
5	Reasonable price for a whole lotta food! Their Ross J special is the size of a bento on steroids! Definitely my go to for local hawaiian food.  Their spicy korean chicken and meat jun is soooooo good.
5	I was really happy with this little joint. The pork was just okay but the portion size, mac, and other items really made up for it. I saw someone else on here who said they drove up from the strip to eat here... that's a little excessive. I would say if you live in the area it's worth while. We ate here because we had a groupon for the bowling lanes across the street and needed lunch before heading in.  Overall: try it out
4	The saimin is amazing!!! Foods good here a must try the only thing I don't like is their Mac salad and their burgers are pretty dry they may be frozen patties.  If you're ordering take out call ahead otherwise it will be a wait they seem to serve the in house patrons before the take out not in sequence by when they receive the order
2	Did I order the wrong thing? Or maybe it was an off day? I feel a bit bad for giving them two stars, but honestly: "Meh. I've experienced better." Chicken katsu had skin on every piece, the oil tasted a little off, and they left in a bunch of lousy bits on the meat. My mother was actually gagging from one of the pieces. I pulled off a bunch of inedible things but otherwise managed to finish the rest. What I didn't finish was the macaroni salad, which didn't taste as good as what I'm accustomed to.Portion size was about what I've come to expect from Hawaiian places for this price. Service was pleasant. Ambiance was mostly hole-in-the-wall, and I feel like I made a mistake sitting under the kinda loud and tinny mono speaker in the ceiling.We ended up going somewhere else after this meal and paying for some better food to clean the palate. Too bad.
3	Nothing fancy but the food is good, abundant and reasonably priced. They have a breakfast menu but the lunch menu sounded too good to miss. I was a little put off by the menu as the bowl I was interested in was listed as 3 choices:  Mushroom & onion OR broccoli & something OR mixed vegetables. ALL sounded good to me so I ordered the mixed veggie bowl and, you guessed it, there were a bunch of veggies but NO mushrooms, NO onions, NO broccoli. What I got was ample and good and they have bottomless drinks so I left satisfied. The wife was less than impressed with the Mahi Mahi plate. "It's OK", she said.
4	This is one of the very rare mom and pop shops that Vegas locals should all know about. They have wonderful food and it's very affordable. They have the perfect serving sizes! Me and my boyfriend always pick Ross J's over the chain Restaurants(aloha kitchen, l&l, etc)! Definitely recommend this place! Sucks that this place is so far though and not very central. Other than that, this place is awesome :)
5	I can't get enough of Ross J's!! Definitely the best Hawaiian food in Las Vegas period!!! Their beef stew is my favorite but my husband will tell you they have the best spamisubi! Great prices too if your on a budget!! The staff always has the Aloha spirit and the food is awesome!! Keep up the good work!!
4	This place has big portions at a great price! Their teriyaki beef bowl with grilled onions & mushrooms was delicious and had a great price of about $5.50 - can't beat that! Their side mac salad is pretty good, was slightly salty, but after I mixed it in the container, it was better; and for the price of $1.35, that's great cause most other hawaiian places charges way more. Their Bento plate and the Corn Beef Hash plates were also delicious! My family loves this place.I recommend this place for their delicious and big portion plates and friendly servers. I just wished they closed later, even by one hour (9pm).
5	I couldnt decide between Friday Hawaiian Plate with beef stew or Korean Chicken Combo Chicken Long Rice so I got both. Both eere very good including the macaroni salads. Mahalos!
3	Finally came and tried this place after a few failed attempts. Ordered Spicy Korean chicken. Honestly, it was pretty alright. It didn't really amaze me or blow my taste buds. It was a good portion, lots of flavor, and chicken wasn't dry. The beau got the Ross J Special Pack. This was such a big portion that it honestly can be shared by two. It had everything.. Chicken, Kalbi, fish, rice and Mac salad. I didn't really try anything on that plate besides the Mac Salad, which I thought was on the salty side. I attempted to try a bite a few more times after that but it was just way too salty. I felt my blood pressure rise from all the sodium. The people that work there were pretty nice and attentive. The place is pretty clean. The portions were great. Even the "Half Order" of Katsu Chicken looked like a full order! I probably won't be returning all that soon but none the less a good place to go when you're on that side of town with a Hawaiian craving.
3	Food so-so. Really poor customer service. They were slow, rude and pretty ridiculous. Once you choose for here or to go, you DO NOT get to change your mind. They will "kick you out" if you try. Lumpia tasted frozen.
5	Favorite restaurant in Henderson. For 2 broke graduate student like my husband and I, this place fits our date night budget. The spicy Korean chicken bowl with some veggies is perfect. The serving sizes are massive. Yum. We will keep coming back.
5	You like grind cuz? If so, this is the spot. Never left this place hungry. In my opinion, best Hawaiian joint in Las Vegas. Awesome staff too. Every time I come here, I feel as if I'm eating at my Aunty's house.
2	I used to love Ross J's, but left really dissapointed after my last meal there. I ordered the chicken katsu plate which comes with rice and potato salad. The rice was dry, hard and COLD. I considered asking to have it reheated, but with a frustrated looking line of 8+ people (plus more seated and waiting for orders to be filled) I decided against it. Yes the prices are cheap, but you get what you pay for. I think it's time for a new Hawaiian spot!
4	Really good quality food for really affordable prices served up by some really nice people. It's good stuff.
5	There are numerous Hawaiian spots in this area but nothing quite like Ross J's. This place has been my go to for my islander food cravings. Their Spicy Korean Chicken is to die for with the right balance (sometimes a bit too much) saltiness, hotness and overall flavor. On days when I'm on a budget, the rice bowls always saved the day. You can't beat that under $5 menu.The people at the counter greet you as you come in, like you were a distant cousin they haven't seen for a while. They treat customers like family. That's the island way.I can say I've been a legitimate Duke of this hole-in-the-wall establishment for a good few months. I actually sit here and dine; unlike some who just check-in here to get Yelp brownie points without buying anything.I'm writing this review while I enjoy perhaps what could be my last meal at Ross J's before I move out of state. Too bad where I'm going there isn't a place quite like this. The haole in me will be missing the Spam Musubis, hot steaming Saimin, well done Teriyaki beef and the Mac Salad. Oh my God let's not forget the Mac Salad!Whenever I visit Vegas I know one place I'm definitely stopping by. Mahalo nui loa Ross J crew, your food definitely made this haole's 5 year stint in Vegas more wonderful.Sincerely,The guy who rides that white bike.
5	The besssttttt Authentic Hawaiian food I have tried out here in vegas. Such a nice family environment and the staff is super friendly. My favorite is the spicy Korean chicken bowl. Yuuummmmmmmmm.
5	Hawaiian grill full of Hawaiians, that's how you know this place is good!  I hate, hate, hate macaroni salad except for Ross J's.  I usually order an extra macaroni salad because one is not enough.  You can't really go wrong with Korean chicken, katsu pork or chicken.  Everything is good.  The only thing I didn't like was the weird pink hotdog that came with a combo.  Usually a line so calling in if taking put is a must, I usually dine in.
4	I had the chicken tofu plate which is delicious here just like at Aloha Specialties..... However if there's one thing I can't stand, especially when eating local food, is soggy ass rice.  Zero stars for rice but four stars for chicken tofu and the excellent way they packed my to go order.
5	Been coming to this Hawaiian joint for years.  Always good food.  Came back after a long hiatus (moved across town) & they haven't missed a beat. Spicey Korean beef bowl os my goto.
3	Great prices and big portions! That's the long and short of it! I'm not at all enthused with the old decor, dirty walls and spotted stainless steel area where the drinks are, but the food was good.  When I enter a hole in the wall Resteraunt I expect it to be far less than perfect, however I do expect cleanliness. This place wasn't clean ( at least to my expectations.) The dirty and spotted stainless steel was kind of gross to be honest, especially because it was near the soda machine. Now if you watch "dirty dining" you l ow the moldy or gunky soda machine is an imminent health hazard. That being said, I didn't see the inside of the machine so I couldn't tell you if that's the case, but the surrounding area wasn't appealing and it made me wonder! I ordered chicken katsu,the small size, and the portion was more than enough. One breaded chicken piece with a lot of white rice and a small side of Mac salad will fill up anyone. The katsu breaking was yummy and crispy and the rice was perfect. The sauce wasn't the best I've had but wasn't the worse either. Again, portions were right and I was pleased with the food overall!I did make sure to see if this place had an "A" rating when I left, and it did! I'd go back honestly. So I'm not terribly concerned with food contamination. The place had a lot of customers.Advise to the owners- clean the dining room more frequently and use food area approved cleaner on your stainless steel! Looks can be deceiving!
1	The chicken was nasty and fatty and still had the skin on it and not much sauce. It was a good deal of you like plain rice. Will never go back.
5	Awesome food
5	Fantastic food and service here. I ordered a combo plate with teriyaki beef and chicken. They were out of lumpia, so if you are looking for that call ahead as they said they run out quickly!
3	Didn't care for it very much.  The chicken was kind of chewy and had a lot of grissel. I enjoy the food at L&L so much more.  This place was nothing special despite the great reviews.  If you like L&L, you won't like this place.
3	Food great hours suck not everybody eats before 8 service super slow and most of the time there is just one person cashiering and bussing and delivering food even when they are slammed busy which is why they get 3 stars all of the stars for the food only
5	Love this place! When you're short on money, this place will stretch your dollar and fill your belly with yummy food. Our all time favorite is the spicy Korean chicken bowl with added veggies for under 5 dollars. Enough for 2 meals for me. Oh, please note...it's not actually spicy. Don't know why it's called that.We've also had the ross j special; it's a combo plate of teriyaki beef stake, spam, fried chicken, breaded and fried mahi mahi with rice and scoop of macaroni salad for 8.95. Filled me and my husband up. While everything was good, not amazing. I always regret not getting my fav. Spicy Korean
