4	I have pretty basic hair cut needs, so this store works for me.  Periodically I go in for a trim as my curly mop gets dry and crispy.  The stylists do a good job each time I go and are very professional.  Some of the stylists give better cuts than others, but I always get a consistently good hair cut for a great price.  Also, I like that they do not push the products too hard.  That can be annoying.
4	Daughter is going to visit the grandparents and looks like a drowned rat she needs a haircut so bad - 2 days until she goes... Coupon for $6.99 comes in the mail and I dart down to the closest Great Clips for a trim. Problem solved.They got her in within 5 minutes of showing up, cleaned her up and fixed all the awkward length on her bangs from where I've been cutting them for the last few months. 15 minutes later I walk out with a clean looking kid and a lolly pop. Crisis averted.
5	I will admit, I was pleasantly surprised by this place. I have crazy curly hair- hair that is deceivingly difficult to cut. Being a guy- a guy that doesn't want to use a flat iron on my hair daily- and a guy that actually has to look professional in a senior IT position- I have searched far and wide across the valley for a good clip. Needless to say 90% of the time- I've been disappointed. In over 10 years of living on the valley- 30 different locations 50 plus stylists. I have found less than I can count on one hand that can cut extremely thick, extremely fast growing extremely curly hair well- that will look good for more than a week. So why try a bargain place- I've gone all over- high and low. I know the reputation these places have. Cheap cuts- cheap looks. Needless to say- I moved right down the block a year ago- and after being fairly disappointment with the neighboring salon across the street I tried this place on a whim. I was fortunate enough to get Nathan my first time- the dude knows hair, and has curly hair of his own. He has consistently given me good haircuts that last until my hair grows out- looking great at all lengths. Harder to do then it sounds. Highly recoomondended!Great service, excellent haircut, fair price.
5	This is not your ordinary Great Clips.  Always courteous, friendly and prompt service.   I have always been happy with my cut and staff is always knowledgeable and helpful with purchasing hair products.   I just left  and always request Donna.  I repeat, ask for Donna - she is the manager.  She is always fun to chat with and always a great haircut!   Don't forget:  request Donna to cut your hair!!  :)
1	I got the worst haircut in my entire life there.  BE warned guys if you don't want to get laid for (2) months make sure you say TRIM or else you're in for a GI issued buzz cut with more shears than scissors.  I think its either laziness or someone who just doesn't give a $#& about you and evidently herself.  Some flinty blonde with tatoos and cheap makeup you definitely won't mind in some topless bar but not cutting your hair!  After it was all said and done I looked like some plucked chicken with uneaven feathers.  I won't give these people even a star because they don't deserve one.  My advice: pay more for more individual attention some where else or be a live cadaver at barber college at Great clips at this location!
4	We have been going to another GC location for about 10 years, but decided to try this one because its closer to our home. I have only seen Tamara here, and she is a doll. Fun to chat with, and cut my hair to my specifics. I have thick hair and lots of layers (and bangs) and she was right on with what I asked for. Im a little OCD, and almost had a melt down the first visit with her, since my other girl had cut my hair for so many years. Glad I tried her out, weve been coming faithfully for the past few months and are happy with the service.
