4	I guess I'm the second review... and it's still not really about the buying experience at Red Rock HD.  This one is about their atmosphere and display.The shop is nicely laid out, spacious with multiple neat rows of motorcycles... mostly Harleys, but also some different brand classic bikes like Bimota, Norton, BSA, Laverda, Ducati, Moto Guzzi, not to mention HD's own classic bikes.One thing though, I don't recall being greeted even once while we were there.  A warm welcome would've completed the experience.Simply said, if you are a motorcycle enthusiast, it's worth your time to stop by and check out their display.  If you're into HD, maybe buy a bike from them and let us know how it is. :)
5	My review is only pertaining to my experience buying some apparel, I have not ever had my Harley serviced here or any other Harley dealer because they outrageously overpriced. I went in around January for some winter riding gear, the woman who worked in the apparel section was awesome!! I was looking for heated gloves and a heated jacket. I didn't know anything about them other than I needed them and had a ballpark of what they would be costing me. This gal knew exactly what I needed and took the time to help me get everything I needed and made sure it fit and that I was happy. I really wish I could remember her name, I would tell you to talk to her. The prices of the gear I needed was expensive, but I knew that walking in and they were priced similar to other places I had been. She knew so much about the gear because she actually used it herself and set me up with everything I needed. I dropped about $500 on the gear and it was all because of her. I had no intention of spending money there, just wanted to see the gear before I bought it online. She made the sale and made me a customer of hers for sure. Go see the tall pretty brunette in apparel, she will treat you great and knows her stuff. Thanks again!!
2	Went to go buy a bike today and the sales guy, Bobby, was ok. I went and looked at a 2007 Road King classic that they were asking $13,999.00. Took the bike for a ride and liked it so I said lets talk numbers. After he worked out the price at the asking price I was sitting at almost $16,000.00. I looked up the bikes trade in value and knew they couldn't have more then $10,000.00 into the bike.Now I don't begrudge a company making a profit but come on $16,000 for a bike they have maybe $10,000 seems a little much. I offered them $12,500.00 out the door and the sales guy wouldn't even bring it to the sales manager. I was not going to need financing I had planned on paying cash
1	I am not a huge fan of any HD dealership, overprice is the first thing that comes to mind.  that being said, the sales-people are snobbish here, which I understand they are out for a buck, but don't be arrogant.  I have 3 HD's, a '46, '74 and '79...(love old bikes but the do need regular maintanence).Went there think I would buy something new for riding to work and the mofo's wouldn't even give me the time of day and when I finally got talking to someone he looked and talked to me like I was an idiot.  It might have been since I wasn't wearing the lastest in skull HD wear or the cute little lone wolf t-shirt that just screams "I am a hard biker".   Out the door I went with won't ever go ther again..
5	Well I have just completed the purchase of a bike from Red Rock Harley so my experience is complete!  I have had my bikes serviced there for the past 5 years and Bernie is "hands-down" the best service tech I have ever encountered!  On the retail side, I usually get Jill to help me and she is fantastic. On the parts side Josh is always quick to give me a smile and say "good to see you again".  A couple of weeks ago I bought the new CVO Roadglide from Lawrence and he has been very accomodating and helpful.  He even gave me a ride home after trading in my Roadking!  I have been to a lot of HD Dealers all over the US and Canada and I have to say, this is one of the best!  The always have a large selection of bikes, parts, and retail.  The people are VERY friendly (if your friendly to them) and eager to help.  I haven't personally met anyone in the back but my service has always been great and they always do a great job cleaning my bike when I pick it up!  I don't usually write reviews because I'm a shitty typer but this is a great Dealership with good people who are eager to do a good job.  If you're shopping around definetly check them out!
4	We visit every Harley Store in any city we visit.This by far is HUGE. The sales racks are plenty.. but in the gist of all Harleys.. everything IS expensive. Having a Harley is accepting the price range of all accessories "needed" and not-so-needed. The displays are pretty awesome and the staff helped us out with questions we had.It was a fun visit.
2	I was excited to visit the local Harley Davidson dealer and found the facility really nice. Lots of bikes to see. However, I felt like I was bothering the employees when I asked to purchase some parts. I got my parts, but really did not like the personal. When will businesses learn about customer service?
5	Red Rock Harley Davidson is the best motorcycle dealership I have ever visited.  If you want to buy a Harley-Davidson, new or used, see Jack V.  He is an outstanding, no pressure sales person.  If you need your motorcycle serviced, see Matt F.  He is knowledgeable and very informative.  If I were in the market for another bike or when I need mine serviced, I will only go to Red Rock Harley Davidson.
1	Well, after taking my bike in to this dealership for the past few years i've had enough. They charged me 1/2 labor for "looking" to see where an oil leak could be coming from, wanted to charge me $396 for a Rear tire when I had one installed at Freedom Cycles for $250! They charged me for new rear brakes and a flush but didn't tell me my rotor was bad, I found that out at the better shops that actually have mechanics who know what they are doing and won't charge you unless it's really something wrong!I will never go back and should have known that due to the high prices that they have always charged me.
2	This review is pertaining to service.I bought a Streetglide at another shop last year and decided to do modifications. I spent about $3,000 just on parts and service including pipes. I was saving to buy a house and didn't want to use the money at the time but was talked into it because they said they could give me a discount on the parts. I took the service manager's (Mike) suggestion to have them put a set of pipes on for which I had no prior personal experience with the pipes of the service manager.  I thought at the time that they would know better than I would.  I was wrong.  Always follow your gut feeling.!  I noticed popping after the pipes were installed. I had told them I had had issues with popping on other non-Harley bikes and definintely didin't want that to happen.  I was sure to state this before I bought the pipes. After going back at least 4-5 times for the same issue and being told that the popping shouldn't be an issue because that's just what Thunder Headers do  by the service manager, I finally went to the Manager of the store.  *I do have to say that Mark, the manager was good about asking what they could do and offered to put other mufflers on the bike.*  However, when I asked the service manager about changing out the mufflers, I was told that all others would still pop.  I chose instead to have another mechanic tune the bike.  I still have popping after all of this.  I called the dealership about a month ago to let them know it was still a problem because they had told me to call them and let them know.  They told me they wanted me to be happy.  Well, not so much!I suggest to anyone that is considering going there and making modifications that you get a second opinion.  Don't assume that because they are at Harley, they know your bike or know what is going to work.It's very disappointing because I chose a Harley shop rather than other people I was referred to worrying that they might not do a good job.
4	The staff is always outgoing and willing to help, even if you're just browsing the eye candy. They have a few show pieces and historical bikes on display. The showroom is always clean and the coffee counter is a joy for a quick cup of joe.
3	Stopped by this spot to kill some time before a show in Vegas.  Well off the Las Vegas strip, the store seem like it was newly built.I don't ride a Harley but my dad does, so we went and checked it out anyways.Very large store but nothing notable as far as parts or selection to mention.  Seems like Harley stores franchised or not all carry pretty much the same product for the same price.  The folks are friendly and willing to talk bikes all day.  The best part of about this store are the collection of vintage bikes that are (some) for sale and others for display.  I've seen a Moto Guzzi and Bimoto, as well as very classic crotch rockets from Ducati, Suzuki and Honda.  All of which I wouldn't have expected to see in a Harley store of all places!  But definitely cool to look at.
5	Great service! The lovely ladies behind the back counter went out of their way to help us out. This quality of service needs to be closer to the strip. A+++ !!!
5	I stopped into Red Rock Harley Davidson for two reasons. One was to check the place out and the second was because my bike is idling high and I wanted to get it checked out.I pulled into service and I met Mike. This was about noon on Christmas Eve. I told him about the idle issue and then he did a walk around of my bike and noticed that the back tire was pretty worn out which it was so I told him to replace that if he had the time.This was pretty cool I was totally out on the road and had an issue and they got me right into the dealership. If I did that at home I would have had to wait a few days for them to even look at it.I ended up hanging out at the dealership from 12pm to 3pm. I thoroughly looked at all the stuff they had for sale which is fun and is always a time killer and then I went and grabbed some lunch and checked out the pawn shop in the same parking lot. At about 1:30 I got a call from Bernie at the dealership and he told me that the rear brake pads were also running pretty low. I told him to go ahead and fix those while the back tire was off.At about 2:30 my bike was done and they couldn't duplicate the problem that I was having with the idle but I did prevent a future problem with the rear pads and rear tire. I was blown away by the quick turnaround and I am glad I got that stuff handled. Now all I need is an oil change in about 1000 miles and I will be ready for another big long ride:)I want to thank Bernie and Mike for the awesome customer service. This could have easily been an unpleasant experience and they made sure that I got back to California safely for Christmas Eve.
5	This place is just wonderful. Nice ppl always willing to help. Many employees offering assistance at all times. Very clean, bright and inviting. My father comes here and now my husband will continue to come as well. Thumbs up!
1	I have been a Harley owner for 10 years, and have owned 3 different Harley's. I've frequented several Harley shops trying to find the ones that provide the best and most convenient service. I used to be able to say this about Red Rock Harley, however, over the last six months, I've had nothing but disappointing run-in's with Red Rock Harley. In April I had my XR1200 serviced after it had been in storage for several years. I advised Harley Service Dept of that information when I made the appointment, and again, when I brought the Harley in and spoke with the service advisor (after waiting 10-15 minutes for an advisor to become available, there are never enough working there to help you in a timely fashion), I made him aware that the bike had been in storage, and it was important for the technicians to do a thorough evaluation of the motorcycle. I was assured that the 5,000 mile service would cover everything that needed to be looked at and that they would make sure that was taken care of. The service cost me $400 and change, which maybe for those that work at Harley don't believe that is a lot of money, or don't bat an eyelash when having customers spend that amount, but I expect to get what I pay for when I dish out that kind of money. When I got the bike back, I assumed I had gotten $400 worth of work done to the bike, not just an oil change.  Unfortunately, that seems to be what happened. After waiting 20 minutes to be helped this time, I was told by the technician everything was fine and that my front tire would probably need to be changed before the next service, but should be okay for a while. After getting the bike home I checked the tire pressure on my own, and both tires were at least 5lbs. light from where the manual states they should be, which caused me to wonder what else hadn't been done. A few days later I was riding the bike and it started blowing spots of oil down the side of the bike. I looked to see if I could find the cause and found that the breather hoses were leaking due to dry rot. I was livid. In order to get to the air cleaner, the technician had to have touched the breather tubes, they didn't notice the dry rot?!? What had I paid for, why would I not have been advised?I decided that I wanted to replace the front tire sooner rather than later because upon my own inspection I was seeing signs of dry rot and didn't want to have a blow-out. I did some research and found that Shinko has a good tire for the XR and that a lot of XR owners run them on their bikes. They are also more cost effective than the standard Dunlop's that Harley pushes. With reservation, I contacted Red Rock Harley Service. I was told on the phone that if I brought in the wheel and the new tire they would have no problem switching it out for me. I thanked them and ordered the tire. When the tire came in, I again contacted Red Rock Harley, because I wanted to have an appointment. The person I spoke with in the service department told me there was no need for an appointment if I wasn't bringing the whole bike in, that I could just bring in the wheel and the new tire, they could have it switched out for me, and it would cost me $56. I thought everything was set. July 3rd, I brought the wheel and the new tire into the service department, I stood there waiting around for about 10 minutes, and then when it was time to be helped, the advisor took the wheel and the tire, had me sign a parts waiver. I told him that I would be waiting because it was only supposed to be about a half hour.  He stamped the page "waiting", and verified that he had the correct contact number. I looked around the store, trying to make sure to give them enough time. After 30 minutes, we hadn't heard anything so I waited a little longer and then I walked over to the Service Area. The advisor was with another customer, but made eye contact a couple of times. I stood around and waited another 15 minutes to be helped, and then was told, "I'm sorry, we have a new policy where we don't put outside tires on for customers." I explained that I had called ahead two times in the last few days to make sure this could be done. All he did was say, "I'm sorry, we just don't do this." He couldn't have gone to the showroom floor, found us, and told us this BEFORE we waited 45 minutes?!?! I was livid. I told him I wanted to speak to the manager, so he called back, and the manager came out. Mike didn't even give me a chance to say anything, he just interrupted and said that they don't put those tires on because he doesn't know where they come from, can't guarantee them, won't warranty them, etc. etc. I wasn't asking for any of the above. Then he said Shinko wasn't a good tire and he's never heard of them. Regardless of any of his excuses, he was disrespectful and did not offer any kind of option or solution, just let us walk out the door. I don't think I will be walking back through it again. And I will make sure that every Harley owner I know in Las Vegas knows.
5	I love this place. Bought 2 Harleys from here and I love the staff. They are always so friendly and helpful!  My husband and I will always buy our bikes from Red Rock Harley!
5	My only experience with Red Rock Harley was looking at their clothes/accessories.  I have not bought a bike there, nor have I had mine serviced there.  But, the staff I encountered were extremely helpful and friendly.  I will return to this Harley shop.  The other I've been to is the one on the strip.  That one seems to have a lot of traffic in it, so this shop might be more ideal, especially for locals.
5	Biggest Harley Shop I've ever been to. They have a bunch of old bikes on display and a big selection of bikes for purchase. Employees are super friendly they usually chat with my husband for awhile every time we stop by. They have a great clothing selection as well.
5	Shannel, the service writer always notified me through my repair on my 2007 Harley xl883c and had their service technician take care of it.  She notified me that my motorcycle has a recall and she had them take care of that for free.
