3	To pink or not too pink, that is the question.Will I ever learn? In a desperate attempt for fuel consumption last night, we ended up at Applebees. Since it was near 9pm, we wanted something light and something simple.The waitress came fairly quickly, almost every 2 minutes throughout the selection process. It's been almost 8 months since we partook of their offerings and the Websters dictionary they were using as a menu took a rather long time to get through. Doubly so, since we were wrangling a tired sproglet at the same time. Throughout the night, her personality lagged from snappiness to downright rude by the end of the evening. -1.5My partner ordered the Ultimate Trio (Boneless Buffalo Wings, Cheeseburger sliders and the Steak Quesadilla Towers) and the Fire Pit Bacon Burger. I'm happy to report that they have given up any pretense of correct levels of doneness and gone instead to a 'pink' or 'no pink' policy. I'm assuming that their line chefs were incapable of determining the springiness of the meat through their latex gloves. -.5I ordered the Three-Cheese Chicken Penne with a side Cesar salad. Although the dressing was obviously bottled (it's Applebees so expected. The Penne was nice flavor wise, but runny. The chicken was in truth, fairly well done.The Ultimate Trio was eaten with no complaints, except that their 'Special Sauce' on the sliders, seems to be their Hot Wing sauce. Or at least, that's what came on ours.The burger arrived overdone on one side, and barely done on the other. The onion slice was the end outer ring and still had a piece of skin on it. The fries had been made prior, and were limp and soggy. The bacon and sauce were flavorless. He said the sliders were better made and better seasoned. -1All in all 3.5 but I'm rounding down to a 3 for the waitress acting like it was a big imposition for my partner to get Cherry Pepsi (they don't carry anything cherry from the fountain, so they usually make him a Roy Rogers at the bar).
2	Not bad food. But not great either.
2	Had the ribblet dinner... it was ok.  I should have had the ribs.  The 2 for $20 deal is a great deal.  My mom got the bacon cheese burger.  The bread was hard.  I know normally their burgers are pretty good
1	Only went cause friends invited.   Next time I will politly tell friends they are on there own.   Seriously, Realy how hard is it to cook a steak MEDIUM WELL, for them impossible.    Steak came out RARE they took back and cooked more, still not done.   Thanks for reinforcing your nickname CRAPPLEBEES!  You guys are not worth my money anymore, what a JOKE.   Good For:   NOTHING
4	Great service and friendly staff! I usually only sit at the bar so I can really comment on the bartenders, all rather attractive and friendly! Great happy hour specials, not only from 3 to 7 but 9 to 1am?!!
2	It was happy hour and I order my favorite boneless honey bbq wings. It was alright that night for some reason...wasn't as satisfying tonight. Also I am a fish and chips fan so thought I would order some of that!  My goodness! To much batter! barley tasted any fish! and the fries...soggy...enough said. But my ice tea was yummy!
3	Not my first or even 17th choice for eating, but for drinking at their reverse happy hour? Eff yes.Just about everything is discounted after 9pm, except on Saturdays there is no half price special on appetizers. Typical neighborhood crowd at this location, which means very blue collar and mostly 20-somethings. Very affable bartenders who somehow keep their cool amidst the chaos of making drinks for the bar patrons as well as the entire restaurant.
5	I am so happy that me and my boy friend found an apple bees that we love. The food was hot, fresh and came out super fast for it being super slam. Our drinks were never empty and everyone around us seemed very satisfied. The wings were so good that I ate like a pig and didn't mind looking messy. I had to give this apple bees 5 stars because everything was just perfect I will defiantly be back at this location again.
4	Came in on a Friday afternoon and was seated with my party of 4 in 2 minutes. We were greeted by our server Jorge a few minutes after that. So far so good, quick and friendly.We ordered and waited about 20-25 minutes for the food. I ordered the shrimp combo and it didn't look anything like the menu picture (does anything ever look as good?). My only real complaint about the food is that the rice pilaf was a little hard, but it was hardly noticeable under the flavors of the scrimp scampi (buttery and delicious). The fried shrimp was good, and the cocktail sauce on the side made it great. This was no bland or boring cocktail sauce but had a nice kick to it. Overall the meal was better than I expected (from reading some of the previous reviews) and Jorge was the perfect kind of waiter (there when you need him but not hovering).I would definitely eat here again.
3	Proof to all my Yelp friends that I can write good reviews on chain restaurants. It's just a freaking Applebee's. The food is going to be overpriced for what you get...unless it's something from happy hour. If you can handle countless carbs from flavored syrups, the drink menu will treat you well. Order the "grateful dead". It's not on the menu and always gets the job done after the first three. There are a couple good brews, but beer is no longer discounted, so have fun paying $5 a pint. I really only come here because they treat me nice, and I tip them well. Isn't that how the whole "neighborhood" feel is supposed to work?PS-If you come here for the entrees, I will laugh at you.
3	Happy hour prices pretty good. Spinach artichoke dip and tortilla chips kind of salty. Our server was Olivia who made a pretty good Long Island iced tea but wasn't as attentive as Racquel was the last time we were in. Still overall we love the food here, usually good.
2	After just visiting Applebee's I remembered why I hadn't been there in five years or so. It's just not very good.We enjoyed the appetizer well enough, but the waitress told us that appetizers were supposed to be half off. We thought that was great and ordered it for that reason, but when we got the bill they charged us for the full price of it. What a ripoff! The caesar salad was abysmal. I have seldom had worse. How do you mess up salad? The pasta entree we got was also not very good and oddly enough when I heated it up leftover it was much better. At least Applebee's is open later than most places. Not that it matters since the food isn't worth the price.Get your act together Applebee's! It may be awhile before I am willing to give you another chance.
3	Came here the other night with my wife for dinner since we were both too tired to cook and wanted some drinks.We ordered the side salads and half rack of ribs from the 2 for 25 menu. We then each ordered mojitos. I had a regular one and she got the wildberry mojito.First, the salads. They were delicious. Everything looked and tasted fresh. They were also quite large so we could have probably just had the salads and been fine.My regular mojito was ok, but required addition of multiple limes to overcome the soda water flavor.Her wildberry mojito was absolutely delicious. The strawberry mojito was also very very good.We both enjoyed our ribs. Not much to say one way or the other about these except that they were good. The fries that came with them were also good. We each took only one bite of the coleslaw and passed on it. The coleslaw definitely needs help.
5	I am in Love with the Fiesta Chicken Chopped Salad, get it in the bottomless salad combo and save a few bucks rather than buying the salad by itself and there is unlimited refills  service is average but as long as they have the salad I'll keep going!
1	Wow how Applebee's has went down hill. Only good part of my meal was the celery sticks
4	We haven't been to an Applebees in like ten years. We received a $30 gift card for Christmas so a course we went. Customer service is really great here with all the employees being cheerful, having smiles on their faces and being friendly. My wife ordered a medium well steak with mash potatoes but it came rare. It took nearly 30 minutes to get her new steak and when it arrived they gave her steamed vegetables instead of mash potatoes but they quickly brought them out when mentioned. Applebees gets four stars because of their great customer service and specials plus the manager and server apologized countless times about the steak. They comped my wife's dinner and offered us dessert for free. It was a great gesture and definitely left us with a great impression.We will be back at some point as the food is decent and the prices reasonable especially during happy hour and other promotional days. Its definitely a great place to unwind, enjoy some comfort food and drinks.
3	Typical Applebee's which is no way a bad thing. We love coming here for the cheap margaritas during happy hour. The wings are not bad either.
4	Game day baby! Good local chain that has cheapish drinks and a pretty decent menu that has a diverse menu for any pallet. The waitress we had was on point and the resteraunt was clean. Pretty standard chain.Would reccommend if your just in a "lets go out" mood .I had 2 different managers and shift supervisors come up to me and ask if food was ok and if they could get me anything.! Customer service was outstanding today.
