4	Best place in Vegas for fresh oysters for about $1 each! I come here quiet often, at least once a week and its a rarity in Vegas to find a place that doesn't try to do too much. This mom and pops joint sticks to what their good at, Mexican Seafood.The restaurant is also very spacious and clean which is a plus for it being in a bad location away from the strip and practically surrounded by nothing else.This place isn't just cheap, it offers some of the best seafood in town when it comes to oysters, ceviche, and shrimp cocktails.
5	Wonderful mexican seafood. I come here every weekend and every time the food is really fresh. I love this place.
5	Wonderful place for AUTHENTIC, read AUTHENTIC Mexican seafood.  They have shrimp cocktail, but the shrimp swim in a combination of clam juice, lime juice, and other ingredients.  They are simply the best.  These are NOT your American 99 cent shrimp cocktails.  These are amazing.  Also recommended is the Shrimp with Butter    aka Shrimp ala Mantequilla.  It comes with rice and salad.  Tortillas, bread, and french fries are also served.  The french fries in this place are not promoted very heavily (they are on the kids menu) but they are GREAT!  I've tried a lot of stuff here and keep going back, week after week.
3	Decent seafood for a hole in the wall. I would not go back there again though.
5	This place is the business.When I visit Vegas I always make sure I come here for some good seafood.Definitely recommend to try out!
5	Growing up in Southern CA I have done my fair share of road trips down the coast of Baja California. The seafood here is the closest thing I have come by that takes me back to being barefoot on the beach enjoying authentic seafood.The setting can create some hesitancy at first but once you relax and more importantly become enamoured by the deliciousness in front of you, it soon melt away. Maybe it was growing up and traveling down south, but I find some sort of comfort in the plastic utensils, and casual simplicity at times. I knew I had made a good choice when all the people eating there were all obvious regulars/family and the steady flow of customers all knew each other. You don't get an ambiance like that from producing sub-par dishes.I cant wait to go back with some family members when they visit.
4	Great little hole in the wall.  I just moved here from southern california so I had yet to find a good mariscos locations.  But this spot is definitely the best Ive tried in vegas. I had the shrimp coctele, ceviche tostada, and shared some oysters.  All the food was on point, the only thing I didnt like was that their micheladas were basically just beer and clamato mix; nothing special. Other than that a great eat!
3	Pretty good place. Tasted fresh. I wish the shrimp ceviche was a bit more limey, and spicier. They are also kinda stingy on the toastadas lol, I had to end up using crackers to eat my shrimp . Fish tacos were really good as well. Overall, I will come back again.
1	Bad tasting food and service. I was surprised they don't serve chips and salsa to munch on while your food is prepared. If you want to hear music you have to pay for it at the iTunes box. Will never come back or recommend this place.
4	Great oysters. Fish ceviche needed more flavor, but overall, everything was great. Friendly service.
5	Service is amazing!!! We were greeted and our drinks came out promptly. The restaurant's atmosphere is clean and inviting. We ordered several tostadas of camaron (shrimp), pescado (fish) and mixta (shrimp, fish and octopus).  My mother had fish tacos, out of sight! There are always restaurants that try to live up to "authentic" well this is one of them.  Can't wait to come back!!! The Chef and their staff really make you feel welcomed and valued!!!
5	ordered some shrimp tacos.. super yummy...        jaiva tostada... not so much... Micheladas! amazing.....        Enjoyed Nice Banda....for hours.... and good atmosphere!!! definitely will come again... Service on Point...very courteous! with a large group of people
5	Super fresh. Very good can't go wrong. Make sure and order a prepared beer ! And the shrimp cocktail is also good. No farm raised shrimp here like some other bunk places. As soon as you walk in it smells like the ocean always a good sign of how fresh the place is.
2	2/5 for service.1/5 food.Mariscos Vallarta were suppose to be from Vallarta, not a single Vallartence working in this place. Very disappointed I suggest them to change their name and food.
5	I had the best fish burrito I've ever had here. Good beer selection too. Definitely looking forward to coming back and trying more items.
5	Mad props to Matt S. and Brook M. for leading me to this place. This place is a winner! Hands down the best Mexican food in Las Vegas to date. This is Mexican seafood the way it should be eaten. Fresh. Delicious. Simple. It reminds me of the little Mexican food stands in San Pedro, you know the places that  serve what was brought in the boat that morning. I can't describe it, you have to taste it to experience it. The fish tastes different, it doesn't taste like fish, just the most delicate, soft, pieces of protein I've ever eaten. How does this place gets fish that fresh? Dunno... but hey, it works! Besides their excellent fish tacos, I got their Tostada Mixta, a ceviche made with shrimp, octopus, and imitation crab. Again, excellent, as was their shrimp taco. The place is ultra divey, I mean, there's bars on the windows, that's scary divey. The place itself is clean but it caters to a mostly hispanic clientele. But that's how you know it's authentic. LOL. So, prepared to be adventurous. Also the place isn't cheap, the tostada was $6 and the tacos were $3 or $4 each. But for the quality of the seafood, definitely worth it!
2	I am originally from Los Angeles and was looking for a great Mexican sea food place to eat.. We ended up in this place and to my surprise the food was really delicious, however customer service was horrible. The waitress was very rude and the smell of this place is disgusting... If you plan on coming here make sure to seat by the entrance or bring nose plugs otherwise you will be smelling the smell of the restroom while eating your good!!!!!
4	If you are in Vegas, and want some bomb mariscos! Definitely hit up this spot!! Its about 15-20 mins of the strip, but definitely worth it. Price on food is cheap!! Try the shrimp burrito!! Also micheladas!!
4	If your looking for excellent Mexican style mariscos this is a place I would highly recommend. The fish ceviche is delicious, the prices are lower then other marisco places in Vegas. The atmosphere is more like a deli, not exactly a "fine dinning" type of decor, not that there's anything wrong with that I came to eat not admire the decorations anyways.
5	Bright, clean space!  The servings are generous and their oyster ceviche is served with shrimp and fish with a tangy green salsa -- was delicious and affordable.  Papa Lai had a shrimp dish and he scarfed it down barely giving me a chance to try it.
5	I really liked this place. Super small, friendly service and the food is authentic. Growing up in Mexico, this reminded me of being near the beach. The shrimp tacos were good. We really enjoyed the oysters. I would definitely return.
3	Came in for lunch and they do not have a lunch menu so yr left to buy any meal at dinner prices, over $11 dollars. Service is good, food is good but pricey for Mexican, portions are no very big, should include more items for that price. They tried to make it gourmet plates at high prices and that does not work for this location.The ceviche tostadas are excellent, it's provably the only items that is worth the price, portion wise.Mexican food is know for filling u up, this isn't French, please increase the portions or lower price.
2	I posted pics of the food we had: oysters and fish tacos. The oysters were wonderful!  Very friendly, courteous service. The restaurant smelled a little funny, maybe it was the fish and bleach for cleaning mixed together that was weird but it put me off a little. It is quite a drive from the Vegas strip, about 20-30 mins b/c it's all street. Other than that, I would go back for the oysters.
5	Food was wonderful, husband got the fish tacos and we also ordered the tostada mixta and the dozen regular oysters. Everything was very fresh and tasted amazing. I'll definitely will be back and bring other people as well, can't believe how long it took me to try this place when I live 5 mins away! I drive by it every day. Service was also very good. Muy rica comida, se nota que la hacen fresca. Muy rico todo. Mi esposo ordeno los tacos de pescado, la tostada mixta y yo ordene los ostiones regulares,  muy rico todo y el servicio fue excelente. Raro que no estaba mas ocupado con el tipo de comida que tienen!  Seguro que volvemos muy pronto.
4	This was my second visit to Mariscos Vallarta. I took my father there for his birthday. He has some dietary restrictions, and they were incredibly attentive about this. The food was excellent, as before, and my father commented that it may be the best meal he's ever had. He even enjoyed the amuse bouche made with beets, and he normally doesn't like beets.
