2	Ok, I'm not the bastion of knowledge when it comes to korean food.  Frankly my exposure to this cuisine is limited to all my wonderful korean friends that bring the kimchi (I HAVE NO IDEA how it's spelled) based dishes to potlucks (aaahhh, to be a student... but better is to be a student and bring something other than the ubiquitous chips and salsa....)So maybe I don't have the taste for this. My friends claim it's very traditional korean.  Is this a good thing?  I don't know...  All I do know is that everytime I go there, it's meh...Bonus, it's three blocks from me, so I can't complain too much.Decor is pathetically bad though...Not that THAT should be all that important, but hell, if the food is meh and the decor is clean and proper, i'd probably give it more stars..Although I think I overstar anyway....
3	I've been a fan of New Seoul since I moved to Madison. The bibimbop is very good. The pulgogi is also very good, but could be cut up a bit more before serving. The portions are a bit large for chop sticks.  The kimchi is very good! I am not a huge fan of the various stir-fry dishes they offer. I had the chopchebop once and have never had it again since. The other stir-fry dishes are OK, but I'm a fan of the bibimbop and will probably only ever order that again. The atmosphere of the restaurant leaves something to be desired. The bathroom is often dirty and awkward to get to. The service is usually good, but sometimes the turn-over of the staff seems a bit high and the quality of service suffers. All in all, it's a good place and not too pricey.
3	New Seoul marked my second visit to a Korean restaurant in Madison (Coreana was the first).  Compared to Coreana, New Seoul is located in much more modest surroundings with clean but plain decor.I came to New Seoul for lunch over the Thanksgiving weekend and ordered the kimchi soup.  Marked in the menu as spicy, the soup definitely had kick, but more so because of the high temperature of the stone bowl.  Accompanying the soup were small plates of kim chi, potato, and other side dishes.  The soup was done well and would be a great order for anyone wanting something vegetarian.  Most meals on the lunch special were $5-7--a pretty good deal for Korean cuisine.Service was very good and attentive--it appears to be a family-run restaurant, with the husband and wife working in the front of the restaurant.  I saw a lot of Korean customers which was a good sign of the food's appeal.Compared to Coreana, I'd probably elevate New Seoul to 3.5 in terms of food, but a bit lower for ambience and decor.  I'm hoping to go back to New Seoul to try some of the other dishes.
4	Let me just get this out of the way:  I've been going to this restaurant for years and received some of the WORST service I've ever experienced.   The last time I ate at this place, everything went wrong...but I won't go into details.  It is a true testament to the food that I'll be going back, again, and again, and again.  My favorite meal is the pork bulgogi, which is amazingly tender and has just the right amount of char that carmelizes the flavorful marinade.  Be sure to ask for it with spicy sauce.  The seafood soup is also very good.  The little dishes with kimchi and sweet potato that come with your meal are a real treat.
1	really really cold bibimbap.super-ketchupy super-weak-ass chili sauce.
3	Overall great Korean food...in a forgettable setting with mediocre service.I arrived with a group of five around 5:30 on a Thursday night and the place was beginning to fill. We were lucky to get a table...we watched many parties get turned away behind us. Very slow turnover, so come early if you want in!The service was slow but not unfriendly. Our server spoke good English and was able answer my questions about the menu. If you are unfamiliar with Korean fare, deinitely ask questions and you will have a much more enjoyable experience.The restaurant itself is small and it's easy to drive right past its drab exterior. There is a parking lot behind the building. The interior decorating certainly isn't formal or high class, but who's to complain when you can eat....Good Food! I tried an appetizer with  Korean rice cakes in a spicy sauce (can't remember the name). The standard spice was fine for me but if you don't like things too spicy be sure to request a milder sauce. My main course was the bibimbap with tofu, which I loved. The rock bowl came out sizzling and all the ingredients tasted fresh and were perfectly cooked. I also sampled some of the tofu soup and a dish with potato noodles--both were tasty. The prices were reasonable.If you're feeling a little adventurous and don't mind mediocre service, come to New Seoul.
3	The service is great.  They were attentive and my order came out in a timely manner.  I ordered the Tofu Soup which was seafood flavored and came with white rice.  It wasn't the best Korean tofu soup I've had, but it hit the spot when you've been in Madison for some months without Korean food.  Good serving size too.The roommate got Bibimbop, which was tasty but slighty too dry.The appetizers were a disappointment.  The potatoes were just oil and sugar, I think.  The kimchi wasn't spicy enough.  There were no fried fish or pancakes.  I'd go back for the soup.
4	Quick, solid Korean. No frills but good in a pinch!
4	I think this is one of the most under-rated place in Madison. This place gets you the homey taste of Korea more than ultra fine Korean cuisine. I appreciated the down to earth feeling.As someone else mentioned, go for the tofu soup ($10-12) - uber good on a cold night. My fiance ordered a potato-noodle dish. That tasted good, too.I also heard that the food quality improved over the years. Is that because we have more Korean residents in Madison who demands the real-deal? Who knows. I found many Korean-speaking patrons last night, and took it as a good sign.The decor is simple. Don't expect some exotic orient thing - you're not going to see anything like that here. More like conference table+chair type. The service was simple, but polite and thorough.
3	We tried to go back to the Italian restaurant across the street for another pizza but the wait was too long. Across the street we noticed a Korean 'joint'. Different but, it had that 'look' that could be magic, could be gross.  We poked our heads in and it was full of Asians.  A good sign so, in we went. This is solid Korean cuisine. We shared a pancake appetizer. I had a Tofu soup, the Spousal Unit had Beef Bulgogi. Both were quite tasty. Looking for Korean food in Madison? This will do it.
2	The only reason why I go to this place is because it's the nearest Korean restaurant to Madison college campus.  I always go for their Bibimbap on Rock which is the best meal there, in my opinion.  The potato side is really good too!!
4	The beef bimbibop was really really good! I also enjoyed the small free table appetizers, it was a tasty treat before the food came. The food was prepared quickly, but the cans of soda for $2 each was not cool, and because it is so small they have like 2 servers, so keep that in mind if you want attention and quick service. My wife had the dish in the stone bowl and hated it, as did her mom. The potstickers and sushi rolls were excellent! If you go for the food I'd give it 4 stars, but you have to be forgiving of the decor and service...
3	The beef bulgoki was incredible but not nearly enough for an entree at the price. The rice to dish ratio was certainly heavy on the white sticky stuff, but the food was delicious. This place is a 4-star restaurant at 5-star prices.. which brings it down to a 3-star rating from this guy. It's math. I would eat here again and probably still order the over-priced beef bulgoki, it's that good.
4	This is by far the most authentic Korean restaurant in the area. You want decor and Americanized Korean, go to K Peppers in Middleton, it's delicious and employs english speaking UW students. New Seoul has a lot of nostalgia for me because my mom and dad used to take me here as a young child. The owners still recognize me from time to time whenever I end up there.If you think the bulgogi is expensive for what it is, get the galbi. Better quality meat and no rice just the ribs. Totally a bang for your buck.The galbi tang and the kimchi jigae is worth having here soup wise. They make great mandu...errr dumplings, gyoza... they all come from Asia get the hell over it. I hear the dolsot bibimbap is great but I haven't tried it myself. Come in with a smile and the servers will reciprocate. The entrance looks kind of shady but once you creep through the hallway that you're sure leads to a korean crack den you realize is actually leads to a restaurant. Expect to spend between 8 to 18 bucks depending on what you get.
4	I have lived on the same block for several years and have enjoyed having this place so close. It's one step up from a hole in the wall, and it's all about the food. On a recent visit we ordered the galbi (barbecued beef short ribs) and the beef tendon soup. Both were excellent. Their galbi is incredibly flavorful, with a combination of savory, sweet, and grilled flavor that is out of this world. (Often when I pass by the restaurant I smell it outside and it makes me salivate!) The beef tendon soup was delicious as well, with a generous serving of the gelatinous tendons and a great sesame sauce. (Not only is the soup tasty, it's very healthy--the gelatin and amino acids glycine and proline are great for joint health and aid digestion as well. Meat/bone broths in general are a great source of minerals and other micronutrients.)With every meal, New Seoul serves 4 appetizer dishes: 2 of kimchi (1 daikon radish, 1 Napa cabbage, both just the right amount of spicy and tangy), 1 of mild pickled daikon "spaghetti", and 1 of sweet fried potatoes (my least favorite). Their kimchi is, of course, excellent, and our waitress gave us a second serving of everything on the house after seeing how fast we devoured the first. Yes! Service has always been quick and friendly. My main quibble is that their new prices are a bit high. The galbi was $18.95 (used to be $15.95) and consists of only 4 thin strips of beef. It does come with rice and a small bowl of miso soup, but is still overpriced.Though I'm leaving town, I hope to eat at New Seoul again. With the large new mixed-use development nearly complete across the street, I hope they get additional business and don't change anything about their food. Madison needs more authentic, no-frills ethnic restaurants like this.
4	By now considered a Madison institution, New Seoul has been serving up as close to authentic Korean cuisine as you'll find in the area, unless you crash someone's dinner party. I recently grabbed a late lunch there while walking home from downtown Madtown. An unassuming storefront and simple decor will make you think the food is the sole (Seoul?) focus, which is fine with me. In all my years of eating there, I've only scratched the surface of the menu, because I just can't get past their Rock Cooker Bibimbop. A superheated stone bowl sizzling with rice, layered with sprouts, spinach greens, shredded carrots, and tofu, topped with a sunny-side up egg, this dish is one of the simplest, most satisfying meals to be had, and is a great demonstration of an evolving dining experience, as temperature, texture, sights and sounds change as you dig in. The egg yolk transforms from runny creaminess to rich, almost hard-boiled texture as it sizzles against the rock bowl, the crisped fried egg white in tow. The veggies, starting out cold, change from fresh and snappy to yielding and caramelized in minutes. Excavating  through the rice, the pillowy starchiness gives way to a crisp shell that's a great contrast. All through this, enjoy an assortment of the usual suspects- miso soup, kimchi, pickled radish and cucumber, and candied sweet potatoes- to complete the dining experience. And if that doesn't do it  for you, there's always that stick of Juicy Fruit gum that comes with every purchase. Service was prompt and cordial as always, and the food was amazing. The only reasons I have for giving 4 stars instead of 5 are personal preferences. I am a fan of spicy kimchi, yet the variety served here tastes "younger" and less fermented than I prefer. And, having tried such a small portion of the menu, I feel like I can't give a complete review. Next time I visit I'll try something new, and maybe we'll bump them up to a 5!
4	Hot Spot for Lunch. It is definitely worth the price! The waiter was adorable. He made an effort to practice Korean with us. My Korean classmates and I plan on coming here after we ace our Korean exams every semester :)
4	A real mom & pop Korean restaurant.  Good panchan, and an extensive selection of down-home Korean dishes.  The prices may seem a bit high when compared to the decor, but here you're paying for the quality of the food, not the ambiance.  And in my book, taste beats ambiance any day. I recently tried the Bibim Nang Myun, a cold buckwheat noodle dish.  It sounded intriguing, and just the thing to hit the spot on a hot June evening.  The "broth" was served as frozen flakes shaved over the top of the noodles, which was cool just in itself.The owner came over to talk to me about the meal, & I learned that it was really a traditional winter dish -- the cold soup used to balance the cold outdoors apparently.  But also where (and when) else could you freeze your broth back in the days before freezers, anyway?
5	Authentic Korean food! Nice service and friendly staff~ Close to campus and fair price. If u like Korean food, definitely check out!!!!!!!!!
4	From the outside to when I first walked in it was a dive with many Asian people inside. I know this was going to be a treat. Either good or ugly.Started off with 4 banchans. Daikon radish kimchi, napa cabbage kimchi, caramelized sweet potato, pickled daikon & miso soup. The soup rich in flavor and not overly salty. Can have free refills on the banchan. Both kimchis were good put not much heat. The pickled daikon was sweet and vinegary and the sweet potato was a little weird cause it was like eating cold sweet potato fries. The Tukbokgi was my favorite. Excellent sweet/spice sauce with chewy rice cakes & fish cakes. Yet again not as spicy as I would have liked it to be. You do get gochujang on the side in a squirt bottle, but that doesn't have much kick for me. Then I had the Rock Cooker Bibimbop. I put a little gochujang in it & mixed it all up. Love the crispy rice on the bottom & how the fried egg on top somewhat scrambles when you mix it up. Almost ends up being fried rice dish with spicy ketchup. To drink I got Korean Corn Tea. WOW. Intense corn flavor. Nutty & sweet. There was actual roasted corn kernels on the bottom of the cup. Service was friendly and on top of refilling the water & banchan. One thing I didn't like was that they give you wood chopsticks to use. When scraping the rice off the rock cooker they started to splinter. If you want killer heat go to K Peppers. They also have stainless steel chopsticks.
2	Madison is in dire need of a some good Korean food. There is only one Korean restaurant in all of Madison (two if you count the one in Middleton) and that is not enough. At New Seoul, you'll find the simple staple items such as mandu, bibimbap, and bulgolgi. I think the most exquisite food you'll find is probably the kalbi tang and oxtail soup. Hence, it's a pretty unoriginal menu with no bbq dishes or soondooboo (tofu stone bowl) specialties. Growing up close to NYC and spending my college years near Chicago has really helped broaden my horizons regarding Korean food. There's a lot of better options elsewhere and the New Seoul dishes are sub par. Nonetheless, if you're craving for some Korean food and you don't want to take a two hour car drive or purchase a plane ticket, you'll find the basic Korean items served at New Seoul. Who knows? If you're craving it enough, you might even think the food here is decent.
4	I'm not in the know about Korean food, but everything I've had here is yummy and tastes fresh (as in, homemade - which almost most of it is!). I've been to one other Korean restaurant in my life, the sort run by a family that loved the place and it showed, and when compared to them, it's decently almost as good.If you want something fresher (less greasy, less fried) than your typical Chinese-American food, then definitely try it out. Bulgogi is good, my friend is addicted to their Bibimbap, I've had a few delicious soups (Tofu, Tukmandu, Oxtail), and I am absolutely addicted to their kimchi, haha. It's not cheap but I think it's worth a try (and then if you like it, you'll be back and the price won't seem so bad).
4	I have eaten here many times. My favorites are Bibimbop, Kalbi or Bulgogi. The quality here is very consistent, and service is decent. This place always has many Korean customers, which to me is an indicator of a good ethnic restaurant.You can find better Korean food in Chicago for sure, but it would be a big loss for Madison if New Seoul was not part of the local food scene.
5	This is a great place for Korean. I took the kalbi while my wife had the bibbimbap which was quite nice. The food was really good and so was the service. Would definitely be going back.
2	I was visiting Wisconsin and craving Korean food towards the end of my trip, which lead me to this restaurant. My impression of the decor was that it was very minimal, but there were some historic Korean knick-knacks. There was only 1 person working trying to seat, take orders, serve, and ring up the bill. He was super nice and greeted us immediately. As for the food...we got ddukbokki (spicy rice cakes), kimchi fried rice, and yukgaeyang (a spicy beef soup). There was a lack of side dishes that Korean restaurants are known for and the ones that came out were unimpressive (kimchi, fried sweet potatoes, and pickled radish). The ddukbokki was too mushy/overcooked and lacked the spicy taste that I was craving. I enjoyed the kimchi fried rice and the portion size was big. The yukgaeyang was decent. However, the food came out fast and the service was great. Compared to other Korean restaurants I've been to back home this place ranks low but seeing how this is one of two Korean restaurants in Madison it does the job if you're in the mood for Korean.
5	Very very delicious.  The korean ginger tea was a suprrisingly excellent treat.  Of course, we had all the staples: bibimbap (in the stone bowl of course!), kimchi and bulgogi.  Everything was delicious and the staff were delightful and attentive.  Definitely will be returning here.
4	Do you like hole in the walls?  How about angry owner/wife hollering at kitchen staff while wearing a perma-scowl (BTW, the owner/husband is very quiet and kind)? The best and most authentic Korean food in the Madison area.  We have been here a number of times.  We are not connoisseurs of Korean food, but we love good food and notice a high volume of Korean clientele in the restaurant.We do not come for ambiance, modern/consistently kind service or creative fare/fusion dishes.  We love time-tested staples.  We stick with more of the "pedestrian dishes" like bulgogi and bibimbap (always use the stone bowl!). Prior to those dishes you get free appetizers including kimchi and potato stuff and other root vegetables or whatever -- it's all delicious, well-prepared/seasoned and fresh.If you come in here with similar expectations to mine, this place is fantastic and results in a lot of return visits. The only reason there is no five star here because none of the dishes are blow-your-mind amaze-balls.
3	Nice little place for a few Korean dishes, I'm not expert but I can always find a couple of things on the menu. It's kind of small, and family owned so they can get overwhelmed yet there are many many worse places one could choose.
3	The style is home-cooked, and the food is consistently tasty in that sense. The banchan (side dishes) have a pretty stable rotation: the nappa cabbage, cubed radish, shredded radish, and sweet fried potato. If you order the grilled meats, e.g. bulgogi, don't expect the whole spread of lettuce wraps and garnishes - it's more American style, where you have a piece of meat on a plate and a knife and fork. I would recommend ordering family style here, though it seems to be common among regular diners to order your own dish.The chapchae, kimbap, bibimbap, and bokums are good - I've tried all of them. I also recommend the casseroles and soups, but you may want to be pickier with those. Helpfully, the menu will list the ingredients. They are closed Sundays and I recommend going earlier or later than usual to avoid the dinner rush. It's not usually a bustling atmosphere, but when their seating area is full, their limited staff - I've seen the same three people the dozen or so times I've been here - might struggle to keep up.
4	I hold back one star for ambiance and for the bathroom. The restaurant and bathroom are very clean but just screaming for some remodeling and fresh paint.I stopped in for lunch and was chilled to the bone. I decided to order the Bimbibop. I chose to have the beef based on the recommendation of the owner. I also had ginger tea. The tea had a strong ginger flavor and matchsticks of fresh ginger sat in the bottom of the teacup. The tea was a bit overly sweet but I still enjoyed it.I ordered my meal to be cooked in the rock cooker. The rice on the bottom gets very crispy and the dish stays hot for a long time after serving. You eat right from the stone. There was rice, spinach, bean shoots and other veggies along with the delicious beef, cooked with with lovely Korean spices. Everything is topped with a fried egg. I loved watching the yolk slowly drip and spread over my steaming hot meal. Very sensuous and inviting. Also on the table was a squeeze bottle of Korean BBQ sauce, which I used heartily. The dish was accompanied by pickled daikon radish, sweet potatoes (white potatoes roasted with a sugar glaze) and kimchi. The kimchi could have been hotter. I like spice!I arrived around 1:30 and there were two tables of Asians and then little ol' me. The owner was very friendly and helpful. My food came quickly as did my check.I will be back soon. Great place for a cold winter evening.
5	I love everything about Korean food and I find myself craving New Seoul pretty frequently. Some favorites are the Rock Cooker Bibimbap with pork, the Bulgogi with beef, the Kim Bap and of course the wonderful assortment of Kim Chee served with every meal. The decor may not be fancy (it is CLEAN) but that literally means nothing to me if the food and service is good, which it is. Best Korean in Madison, this is where I go for comfort food.
1	DO NOT eat here. Worst service I have ever received in my life (watch out for the guy with the glasses). I tipped lower (8%ish) due to his service and he got angry and threw the money at my face. I ate there the second time and he forced me to raise my tip to 15%. What a douchy service.
1	If you wanna w8 for 20 minutes to order you food and w8 another 20 minutes to get ur food on table, go for it. The most ridiculous part is that the guy with glass does not consider the w8ing time as his fault, but he thinks that you should be supposed to w8 the whole 40 minutes for ur food without any complains, and then give him a 15% tips.We went there today and gave 10% tips, and that guy got mad and request us to raise tips. I told him the w8ing time is so long and he barely served us, so I have the right to decide the tip amount. I told him that he should hire a waiter since he is the only person who serves every table. Then, he got angry and he told us it's our duty to w8 and being ignored and if we don't want to w8 we don't need to come(which we really wouldn't come again). BEST DINING LESSON TILL SO FAR, thank you!Also, all CHINESE people, just DONT go there. After we stated our reason for the low tip, he turned to super annoy and began to upbraid. I didn't clearly hear all of it, for one reason he is having strongly Korean accent like"visa, masda and disgover, no ameligan expless(and no please at the end), and he didn't even bother to come in front of our table to pass our bill but to pass it across the counter. However, in the end I clearly caught that "yeah I knew you are chinese, all chinese people doing that". Come on dude, 15% tips is just one dollar than 10%, it's just nothing but showing our attitude, where's ur manners? Chinese food tastes way better than the Korean food in Madison. Go Chicago for better Korean food and HIGHER serving quality.
5	I like the food very much. But the space is a bit too small.
2	This place is not very good. They only gave us three side dishes and they were not great. Kimchi pancake was not good at all. Pork Bulgogi was decent.
3	New Seoul's food is sub par, we go there only when we really really crave for Korean dishes. I understand it serves home style cooking, nothing fancy, but they could be a lot better. The service, as mentioned in many reviews, is consistently below average as well. It is a puzzle to me that, given all the cultural diversity, Madison really lacks good Korean food. K pepper in Middleton is just overpriced. I waited for an hour for my food at Sol's on the Square on its opening day, and have yet to find a good reason to give them a second chance. 3 stars only because it is the only few Korean restaurants in Madison. Would be 2 stars in cities with more Korean food selection. It will be easily driven out of business with some real competition.
2	This will do, but only because it is one of the three Korean restaurants in all of Madison. The tofu soup that I ordered was...lacking, to say the least. For $10, I expected a decent assortment of seafood and other ingredients in my soup, but I guess I set my expectations too high. I've had my fair share of tofu soups on both coasts, and the New Seoul tofu soup didn't even come close to the most basic of tofu soups I've had. The flavor of the soup itself was pretty good. Not what I'm used to, but still acceptable. My major gripe was with the lack of anything other than tofu in my soup. The banchan was below average as well. We had three different side dishes: the fried sweet potato, kimchi, and some sort of pickled radish. Nothing really stood out, and nothing seemed to have required a significant amount of thought or preparation. For a family-owned restaurant, it seemed odd that they didn't try to serve something more authentic or more 'homemade' to really get that home-cooked feel. I think the only thing worth ordering at New Seoul would be the bibimbap, whether you get it in a regular or stone bowl. The portions are large and it comes served with a side of miso soup. There is definitely enough food for two meals - unless you are my friend. He inhaled the bibimbap like there was no tomorrow.
5	New Seoul is my favorite Korean restaurant in Madison.  I've tried the others and they do not compare to the authenticity of this place.  The only complaint i have ever had is that some dishes are too spicy for me.
3	There's three Korean restaurants in Madison, and I'm loyal to this one.  I don't have a TON of experience with Korean food, though I have had home cooked Korean food, and have tried restaurants in Koreatowns.  For what I like to eat, I find this to be pretty good, but there are some other dishes I've tried (like the japchae) that I don't think are very good.  I pretty much stick with the bibimbap - it's a safe bet.  Their menu, however, is not very extensive and pretty basic.I still prefer this over the one in Middleton (I find their food to be abnormally greasy), and Sol's (fine food but smaller portions for the same price, BUT more variety).  The service is decent, though I have had some strange experiences there that I'll just chalk up to cultural differences.My only tip is that if you like spicy food, you have to specifically ask them to make it spicy.  Lots of people (wrongly, I think) claim that Korean cuisine is very spicy, but I don't find that to be the case, so if you like a little more kick you'll have to ask for it.
4	New Seoul will be at a new location starting Sept. 2014!I came here one afternoon for lunch and when I walked in my fellow patrons were all Asians. Good sign!!!I got my all time fav Korean comfort food. Kimchi soup with pork. I wish I could have tried more but there's only so much you can order when you are on your own.As per protocol at a Korean restaurant they bring out mini side dishes before your meal starts. There was kimchi (napa cabbage) picked radish, and potato chunks (sweetened).My kimchi soup was brought out in a stone bowl which kept nice and hot! I thought it tasted pretty authentic. I definitely think it's the most authentic place I've tried so far in Madison.If you order Korean BBQ it looks like they do bring a gas grill out to your table for you to cook your meat. As far as I could tell from observing what another table was eating.
3	This restaurant is NOT on University Ave in Madison anymore as we discovered on a cold night craving spicy soup.New Seoul has moved to a different location. 721 N High Point Rd., Middleton. There is a 8 x 11 paper sign pasted on the door.I liked the old place OK and will re-review after finding the new location.
4	Review is for the new location near Alisha Ashman Library.  I'd been to the previous location several times-- always good, always friendly service, but always slooooow service (they only had one person serving every time I'd been there).Food at the new location was a good as the previous location (same owners, same everything).  Everything tasted fresh.  Still only one guy doing all the serving and ringing up the bill, but we managed to get in an out in under an hour for lunch (which I would have doubted at the old location).  They were plenty busy when we were there.I'd probably give this place a 3-star rating, but good Korean food now 2 minutes from my house earns it an extra!
