4	Finally a great place in the Arrowhead area for fish n chips!This isnt no ordinary place..you have a choice of fish: Icelandic cod, Alaskan cod, Salmon, Tilapia, Haddock, Catfish. Plus many other menu items, Like soft shell crab,shrimp,scallops, calamari,oysters and clams.They also have hamburgers and chicken if someone in your group is not into seafood.Salads and taco's here as well.I always go for the fish and shrimp combo. The fish is moist on the inside and the light batter on the outside is crunchy. The shrimp by far are some of the best..BIG shrimp that are not all batter. Just a light coat and crunchy, yet not overcooked. I like the huspuppies there but you can use it as a substitute or buy them separate. The "chips" (fries) are just ok. Generic shoestring fries. But I can live with that. They have a great kids menu here as well. Friendly staff too. And the place is clean and tastefully decorated. Check out their website for coupons or specials. Lunch specials, and taco tuesday, monday madness on appetizers, and all u can eat fish sunday.
4	I forgot to review this one. I was slightly impressed and disappointed at the same time. Impressed by the owner, food , selection and the cleanliness of the place. I was less impressed by the price. Not that it was expensive, but it must have been more then I liked. I would love a small place like this to do a ALL U CAN EAT fish fry on Fridays. That would be GREAT. Serves Coke prefer Mt Dew with my fish.11-04-08 updateSame great service, maybe better then last time, still very clean and well run, prices seemed a little steep but after eating well worth it. I had the 2 piece cod (4oz each) frys slaw and water. $9.82The fish was cooked perfectly, nice pieces of fish, the claw was good but I am not a huge fan. The frys are skinny frys but have good flavor. They do offer all-u-can eat on Sundays.... What a great alternative! (Fridays are the busy nights for a fish place anyway, why over crowd and loose profits)
5	They now offer all u can eat but watch the times. It is something like Mon-Sat 3-5 and 7-9 and all day Sunday. If you have not been here yet. Check it out. There is something for everyone here. Today we had the 3 piece with Fry's and slaw, but since the pieces were small he gave us #4. That was really cool. Everything was cooked perfectly and we had a great lunch.
4	If high quality, fresh fish and seafood is what your fishing for, head to the Pier! Oscar's Pier 83 has one of the selections of not only food, and cooking styles, but beverages as well. Along with the typical line of American beers, they also have several smaller brews like Alaskan, and imports from all over. They also serve wine, soda, and bottled water. As for the "meat", they have several types of fish, soft shell crabs, oysters, scallops, shrimp and more. Price wise figure about $10 for the average seafood dish. Portion size is not great, but you won't be looking for more either. I was highly impressed with their slaw, and tarter sauce (made with dill!). If a member of your party isn't into food from the sea, Oscar's has a nice menu of sandwiches, and salads. Coming from NY, this is one of the best places to eat if you want some offerings from the sea in the desert.
4	Being from the North Carolina coast and now living in Glendale, Arizona I find that the food I miss the most is seafood. Clearly living in Arizona limits my ability to find good, fresh seafood-let alone trying to find well prepared seafood. Tonight I found fresh seafood that was prepared just the way I like it-fried with extra sides of tartar sauce, cocktail sauce, coleslaw (mayo not red), and a healthy selection of domestic beer. Ty, the server at the counter, was helpful and very interested in making sure the dining experience was met with great service. While the atmosphere left you feeling like you may end up with a pirate cap (e.g. Long John Silver), the beach music on the radio made me feel like I was home. This wonderful little find came to me by pure accident as my wife was giving me directions to Next Place Coffee (see my next review) and mistakenly gave me 59th and Union Hills as cross-streets. Great mistake, babe, because we were treated to a little bit of home. I'd recommend Oscar's Pier 83 to anyone in the market for a quick, well prepared dinner.
5	I used to work across the street at Honeywell and we ate at Oscar's fairly regularly. When I hit Phoenix there are two places I must hit for grub and Oscar's is one of them. Best fried fish I have ever had, and that includes Ireland and the U.K.  Their batter is light and the fish is thick. No cheapo cuts here. The fries are lightly seasoned and the tartar sauce is fantastic. I am no coleslaw lover so I ask for hushpuppies instead and those too are excellent. The decor is simple with a lot of seagoing junk on the walls surrounded by a few lame imaginary water scenes, think dolphins swimming through some underwater otherworld. Whatever. The food trumps it all and you will simply love the place. Price is about $10 unless you hit a lunch special but you get a lot of goodness for that ten-spot you just dropped.  There are quite a few choices but I have come to prefer the cod minis. Give'em a try why dontcha?The staff is excellent and the owner is a delight. I called in an order and they asked where I was so they could drop in the food at just the right time so it was piping hot. Outstanding fellas!
3	Let me start off by saying that I'm tough to please when it comes to seafood, probably has something to do with growing up on an island...I must say that Oscar's is very clean and the staff is extremely friendly and courteous, overall it was a nice experience.  I had the broiled Cod; I would say it's mediocre.  My husband had the Ahi sandwich, which was better than the Cod, but not the best I've had. In both cases you could clearly taste the 'frozen' fish. We got a side of clam chowder to share; it was full of flavor and the best item out of everything we ordered (still not the best I've had...I will say the best in AZ so far).  It seems that the thing to get at Oscar's is the fish and chips.  Frying a fish can make any bad fish taste good so I'll take everyone's word for it. Not sure what kind of expectations I had, perhaps I NEED to remind myself that we ARE in Arizona.  For what it's worth, my husband seemed to really like it!  My three stars are for 1) a clean restaurant and friendly staff, 2) my husband liked it and 3) the decent clam chowder
4	Food is really good (I've never really had East Coast seafood though).  Prices are a bit high.  Wish there were more coupons like $1 off or similar.  Monday and Tuesday specials are plentiful.
5	Dang. Duh -HAng This is goo foo! My mom is deathly allergic to shellfish. That, and I grew up in a desert for 10 of my formative years. When I think of shellfish, I think of slightly forbidden, delicious little delicacies. While growing up the idea of lobster and crab was the ultimate indulgence in haught cuisine, it seemed. . The only time my Mom liked fish is when it didn't taste like fish. "I like swordfish because it's not fishy", or "ooh orange roughy is so good! It's not fishy at all". I wanted fishy fish. I wanted something that tasted like the ocean. I wanted to see why lobster and crab was so expensive. In more selfish and morbid moments I hoped a chef would accidentally drop a shrimp into her food so she would die, and I could eat all the seafood I wanted. There's no lobster at Oscar's Pier 83, but you can get things here that are really rare in Arizona, and plenty of it is exquisitely fishy, in the freshest way imaginable. I did takeout and I ordered a lot of food: Oscar's Ultimate Combo (1 Jumbo Shrimp, 1 Jumbo Sea Scallop, 1 Oyster, 1 House Fish, 1 Chicken Strip, 1/4 pound Fried Clam Strips, Fries, Cole Slaw) THEN Fried Soft-shell Crab Crab cake Clam Chowder It was all at least 4 stars. The Exquisite: The Fried Oyster- My god this was good. Keep in mind I told you I like fishy fish, but this thing was fresh, juicy, full of meat, and perfectly matched my seafood craving. I thought it was a scallop at first, which is one of my favorite things on earth- but it was so much better than any scallop I've ever had. The Fried Soft Shell Crab- This was served with a pink remoulade like sauce that was divine. This thing was meaty, a little salted, and perfectly flavored. The remoulade was excellent. The Crab cake- It had a ton of crab in it. The only one I've had that was better was in Maryland overlooking the water. Dipped in the remoulade this more than just good. The Clam Chowder- It spilled in the car, in the bag, so I brought it in and ate the chowder with a spoon out of the bag. It was that good. The Very Good- The House Fish- Really good. Probably the best I've had. What's weird is that I think the excellence of the oyster and soft shell crab overshadowed this. Had I had this on it's own I'd probably be raving about it. It wasn't fishy at all. The Scallop- It was a little dry and bland. Very big however. The Shrimp- Better than a lot of shrimp I've had in Arizona- but not the best I've ever had. The Chicken Strip- Had I been more present at the time of ordering I would have tried to substitute this for something else. When I go again, I will order the soft shell crab, 3 oysters, and some clam chowder. Maybe I'll bring in my mom and Oscar will be the one to finally do her in with a stray piece of shrimp (DEVIL LAUGH). I kid, I kid.
5	My husband and I have eaten at Oscar's Pier 83 more than a half dozen times this year alone, and every time the service is great, the food even better. Whether it's their Shrimp Louie Salad, or their Fish and Chips, Oscar's Pier 83 delivers consistent good food at a reasonable price.
5	This is my favorite fish joint in the city ,hands down.great decor great service.I love the different fish of the day variety they have,I'm always asking for the red snapper which os tough to come by,I've eaten at least 8 different items & all were fantastic ,very well cooked.I love this place!
4	Great stuff!! Oscar's is a small, but very clean little place. Located in a strip mall in the Arrowhead area. The guy at the counter was very nice, which in my book is a huge plus. It's no frills either. Order at the counter and get your own drink, (plastic) silverware, condiments, etc. Sit down and they bring your food to you. Most of the fare is fried so I don't think I'll be going here every day...or every week for that matter.However, the food was great. Really good. My GF had fish tacos and fries. She said they were "excellent". The sauce they put on the tacos had a little kick to it. I had some cod and fried shrimp with a small cup of clam chowder. All were very good. Yep, I'm a fan and I'll definitely be back.
5	Pier 83 is one of our family's favorite restaurants in the valley. I was a newbie fish eater when we first went and have since learned to love all kinds of fish. It's fresh so it doesn't have that really strong fish flavor that a lot of places seem to have. My husband's family is from the Pacific Northwest and they say this is the best fresh fish place in town. With Monday Madness Specials and all you can eat Alaskan Cod Pier 83 is very reasonable and could fit most budgets. Everything is good here! It's a clean hole in the wall place with a neat and friendly atmosphere. Kids and Land Lovers would be able to eat here as well.
4	I wanted to get a good cross section of Oscar's offerings so I chose the Ultimate Combo.   I have to say the batter on all of the fish, crustacean and bivalve items was one of the best I have had in recent memory.    I like their Monday and Tuesday specials and the fact that they close later so I can hit them on the way home from work.    I am already looking forward to trying their $3.50 jumbo fish taco on Tuesday.    Being my first time I was a little confused when I couldn't find tartar sauce at the help yourself condiment counter, then relieved when it was delivered with the food.   I have to say, I have never used less tartar sauce before, I enjoyed the batter and the fish without covering up the flavor with the tartar sauce however, the cocktail sauce was great with the jumbo shrimp.     I will definitely be back.
4	Essentially fast food seafood. Mostly deep fried. Was pretty good. I had the Jumbo Combo which includes deep fried scallop, chicken breast, oyster, cod, shrimp, with fries and deep fried clam strips. It was good, not great as if we were in Boston or London but good. Love the fact I can order beer and wine. Decor is simple. People are friendly. The best part is price to taste ratio: the quality for the price is unbeatable. We spent $24 for Jumbo Combo, shrimp taco (which is quite large), beer and soda. I love seafood, eaten seafood all over the world from Vietnam, France, Italy, Baja California, and many more, and this is good food especially landlocked and for the price. Would certainly come again.
5	Pier 83 is the perfect place to go on a rainy night! Their clam chowder is better than any I have ever tasted and that includes some Alaskan restaurants that boasted having the best in the world. It's thick and creamy as you would expect, but they also know that people want some substance to their soups and so you'll also find nice silver dollar sized chunks of potatoes in your cup ($3.50/cup during Monday Madness) But who wants just a cup of this delicious goodness?! I suggest living a little and going for the sourdough bread bowl. If chowder's not your thing, you can't go wrong with anything else on the menu. Want something on the lighter side? The clam strips are tasty and their side salads are made with beautiful green leaf lettuce rather than iceberg.
4	I love this place.Great Service, Great Staff!Very FriendlyAnd the Best Fish in Chips I have ever had.Affordable Prices and Fast Service.I recommend to any fish lovers!
4	I love seafood and its been a while since I've had some. (Excluding Long John Silvers). And I was taking my family out for a Friday night feast. We found this little hole in the wall restaurant randomly around 59th ave and Union Hills. And we decided to try it out.At first glance, the interior was.....kinda plain. It didn't really have a "pier" feel to it and take away the small amount of wall decorations, you get an empty room with cheep tables and chairs everywhere. But it was busy. And everyone seemed happy with what they were eating. I noticed the rather large beer selection they had going on. Cool little spot to have a social brunch with some friends, plus they had a flat screen which probably played sports. Also it smelled good in there. I and my family were really hungry, (especially my daughter), and nothing teased our appetites like the lingering smell of fresh seafood being cooked in the back. So we made our choices, sat down and our food arrived. We got the platter sampler, which had a variety of fried sea foods. We got the large clam chowder inside of the fresh baked bread bowl. And we got a large fried shrimp burrito. The kids got a kids meal plate each which was very small. So warning to anybody, if you have a kid 7 and up, get him or her a normal plate because I promise you they will be disappointed. On the flip side, our sampler plate was huge. April and I had a concern that we couldn't share our platter since only one of each seafood was in the description on the menu, but our fears were put to rest when we were rewarded with very large samples. So the sampler plate was delicious. The hush puppies we fresh. Also the sampler had chicken, which was OK. A little dry. The clam chowder was very good. So was the bread bowl. But We felt like it was too cold. Like they should have heated it up more. And in fact when I asked them too, they gave us another free bowl of hotter chowder which was pretty cool. The staff was very friendly by the way. They answered all our questions. They didn't argue. The checked in on us every once in a while. Good staff. The highlight food was the fried shrimp burrito. April and I both loved it. We used to get our shrimp burritos from Rubios but after the one from Pier 83, we may have found our new provider. It was well made too. Not too soggy, (until around the end of it). Good amount of shrimp. Not over fried. Perfect. Overall this place was a fantastic find. A little pricey for us average people, but not too pricey for a family out night. Will I be back? Yes. Oh and also I believe Weds is all you can eat fried fish night.
1	Me and My Husabnd are from Rhode Island, Maine and We Went to Oscar's Pier 83 Fish and Chip's in Glendale, Arizona sometiime in December, 2011 as we were Visiting the Area and we wanted some "Good Fish". Well, we received the worst Customer Service from the Owner of the Establishment.First of all, he "yelled" and "chewed" his Cook out for messing up on an order, in "front of us" as we were looking at the Menu. It was Terrible.We felt......Very Uncomfortable after that. We ordered our Food. And then, it was Terrible. Our Fish was Extremely Dry, it was not Fresh at all. Our French Frie's were very Greasy.And When We Brought it to the Owner's Attention, he refused to Give Us a Refund.As a matter of fact, he asked us to leave the Premise's. We Will Never Go Back to this Place ! What's Wrong with the "State of Arizona" ? Is This, How "They" Represent Themselves" ?"This Owner" seemed so......"Egotistical".   **    That We Feel....So Sorry for "His Employee's".
5	When people feel a cold coming, they pop a zinc lozenge or tablet to boost the immune system. I have a much better way to get my zinc supplementation: I head over to Pier 83 for their terrific fried oysters. With the first crunchy bite I begin to feel so much better. Placebo effect, probably. But hey ... as long as I get that feel-good boost, I don't care. The fish and chips are also the best I've had in the Valley. And to think that I've previously been trying to get my fish 'n chips fix from the likes of Pete's ... yikes! And their clam chowder is delicious; I don't need to feel under the weather to have an excuse for ordering this tasty bowl of comfort. The friendly staff and comfortable informal atmosphere complete the enticement for many return visits.
4	Got fish and chips and nothing to complain about.  Wasn't the best seafood I've ever had but it was reasonable.  I'd go back.
4	Had dinner on a Friday night with two friends that recommended the place.Chowder - Excellent. Thick and creamy base with lots of clam bits and the right amount of veggies. Not filled with potatoes like others I have had.Fish - Excellent. Crisp batter crust in the right proportions. More fish than crust. But just enough crust to absorb the malt vinegar that I like on fish.Scallops - Excellent. Thin panko crust and huge juicy scallop inside.Shrimp - Excellent. Fried. Big. No complaints here.Fries - Excellent. Thin (Like I like) and fried perfectly. I like them with lots of salt and the malt vinegar.I will be back.
4	Great food in a friendly environment ! Prices are okay but they have coupons in the mail and specials!
2	The momma wanted to give this place a try back in November, so we did. I think momma might go back but we won't... Too far to drive for the cost, freezing cold dining room, and moderate quality. I really think we would have done better at Long John Silvers.  It pains me to lob a bad review to a local joint, but when I have to peel my fish out of the overly thick, greasy breading to find a total of less than 3 oz of meat inside, for over $12, I can't give any better... And I froze half to death while doing it!
4	Jo said she just needed a newspaper wrapping and she would have been in Dublin.  Well, I think that's a bit exagerrated.  First, sorry to all you chowder lovers, but this would never make it in New England.  Too thick with flour.  Never again.Catfish - wonderful.  4.5 star, for sure.  Thin crust...just like it should be.  Fine piece of fish.Fries - excellent.  Not english style - more like McDonalds, but they were good.Hush puppies - forget it.  Throw 'em out.  Maybe if they provided lots of butter, but they don't.Service - fine.  We had a little confusion with the order.  I think the guy was a little new and I won't blame him....but in general, much better than you would expect in this type of casual place.  They could do a bit better cleaning off the tables between customers, but you know what?  That's a very minor complaint.Price - a bit high.  But we don't have much choice for good "chip shops" (as they say in Glasgow) do we?
4	The BEST fish n chips, outside of London. Surprisingly, damn good chicken for the land lovers as well. Clean, friendly and always good. My only beef with the place (ha!) is that they wont accept the tilapia meal coupons for the chicken combo.
4	Great fish & chips, excellent scallop, excellent oyster!!Had the sampler for my first visit!!  The only thing that did not hook me was the chicken tender, but what the hey its white chicken so I don't expect much!Next visit I will stick to the fish & chips.   I did not care for the fried clam strips but all else was great!!
2	I am a realtor and had a showing a few blocks from Oscars.  So afterwards I did a Yelp search and thought to myself, "Hey...this could be good."  It had low dollar signs and 4 and a half stars so I figured it had to be a winner.  I was wrong.Now I'll be honest.  I probably didnt order the right thing....although the guy taking my order acted like what I was ordering was off the charts.  It wasnt close.  I wanted something that wasnt fried so my selections were limited and they were all really expensive for a fast food "Order at a counter" kinda place.  I had the trout.  It came with a strange macaroni salad which I wouldn't touch if my life depended on it, but I am strange that way.  No other options were offered and I walked out $14 poorer and hungrier than when I arrived.  I would guess that the combo platters would have been more satisfying or even just the straight up fried cod with fries.  But I wasnt looking to feel like a walking grease pit on my way home so I wanted to stick with something fairly healthy.  Once again...with the reviews the way that they were I figured I'd give this place a shot even when I saw the menu.  I mean it seemed like it had to be awesome.  But what I ordered really left me unsatisfied.  I figured I'd at least head over to the yogurt place at the other end of the strip mall for dessert.  Darned if it wasn't out of business!I think it just "Wasn't my night..."  Oh well!So like I said...the two reasons I went there were a "fail"  I thought it was gonna be inexpensive and awesome.  Instead it was pricey and "blah".  I guess a fast food fish place in the desert is sort of a novelty anyway.  But it sure isnt worth going to again.
3	Pretty darn good, but a bit overpriced. If not for the coupon I had, I probably wouldn't go out of my way to return when there are so many other places closer to home.
5	Great fish!
4	If you need a fish and chips fix in the desert this will work.  The clam chowdah was good, the fried oysters were good (if you like that kind of thing), the fried cod was good and the fries were tasty and not greasy.  In fact, nothing was greasy.Would this place warrant 4 stars on either coast?  Who knows if they'd even survive, but for the desert, it's a good enough place to get a fish fix.
5	Best fish and chips in town order the Mahimahi it is a 10
5	2 words: Awe. Some. Great fish & Chips, great Po' Boys, so far have loved everything I have tried.
5	I've been here a couple times and each time is just as amazing. First time I have the fish and shrimp basket and everything was amazing. The second time I just went back for the shrimp. If you want amazing fried shrimp go here. It's a quaint little strip mall restaurant and well worth it!!!
5	A fantastic local restaurant that does everything right!  I have enjoyed many meals there with the same result---leaving full and totally satisfied. The menu is fairly straightforward with a good selection of items.  I find the fish hot, fresh and flavorful.  Try the fried cod and fried clams combo--comes with fries and a delicious side of coleslaw- the best in town!!!Tuesday fish taco special is equally great!The only downside is the lack of parking in the front lot. United Blood Services is located in the shopping center and is usually very busy...I suggest you park behind the restaurant...
4	Found this place through a Groupon they did and I love it. Hard to find good seafood at a affordable price. Been back a bunch more times and never leave unhappy. Prices are good and seafood is great. Dont miss this one.
5	Being from Chicago, heading to a desert, I never thought I would get good seafood without being on the coast.  This place definitely was great!  I went a little nuts and for me and my friend and her daughter, we ordered everything that was fried.  yes everything, the guy at the register was like, this and this and this.... ? I was like yes please.  So he rang it up with shock on his face.  With our 10% off coupon it was only 54.39 and we had enough for lunch tomorrow, so breaking it down, including tax and adding in no discount, and the fact that we shared a bit of our food with some other people when we went home, and ordering no drinks cept the kids drink, it breaks down to about 10 dollars a person. My friend's daughter is a very picky eater and she ended up eating a bunch of the fish over the chicken finger.Here's the breakdownChicken Fingers- whole piece of chicken, a bit dense - a bit confused, it's not multiple, it's 1 big slab... comes with fries and kids drinkUltimate Combo - Oyster, Clams, Fries, Chicken, cole slaw, and cod - yummy oyster!Catfish - so good the lil girl ate most of it herselfHaddock - a denser fish, fishier than othersMahi Mahi - nice solid piece, yumTilapia - typical fish, nice and flakeySalmon - 2 pieces (more expensive than other fish, great salmon taste)Clamari - in sticks like mozerrella sticks, among my favorite!Soft Shell Crab - my favorite!  Bread Bowl Clam Chowder - this thing is a meal in itself!They were actually fairly fast on a Friday night when it was packed and we sat outside on a cold day near the heaters so it wasnt bad at all.  VERY nice wait staff!  They remembered everything they served!
5	Excellent food, reasonable prices, super menu.  I love this place.
3	Nothing that amazing. Coleslaw was really heavy on the mayonnaise an tastes store bought. Fries were crispy but didn't get much fish
5	I have been to this restaurant many times!  Their seafood...anything from fish to scallops to clam strips tasted fresh each and every time.  Clam chowder bread bowl is even more amazing.  You can taste real clams with great flavors, and their sourdough bowl is the best I have ever had.  Everything for a very reasonable price and is often filled with senior citizens (you know it's good!).  Friendly owner and workers...and they do bring your food to you when they call your number.  They also have a patio area to sit outside on a warm night.  I rarely give a 5 star to a restaurant that is not full service, but I will make an exception for this place.  Think of it as a place for great fresh seafood minus the beach view and white table cloths.
5	So far the best seafood I've had in Phoenix/Glendale. Had the the best Clam chowder and really good Mahi-Mahi grilled fish tacos. Went with a family member who had the fish and some Colossal Shrimp. The guy who took our order was very nice and came over to ask how the food was. I will be back!!!
5	OMG! The best seafood we've tasted in a very long time.  We had the combo meal; 1 Piece Cod & 4 Jumbo Shrimp and it was sooooo good. Cod and shrimp were tempura style and very fresh.  The French fries and coleslaw that came with it was also good making for a very excellent meal.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone.
5	My brother and I and the wives  found this place on yelp and it was amazing! This is the first place I have found in Arizona with top notch clam chowder. The chowder was in a yummy bread bowl and it was as fresh as it gets.Additionally, we ordered the shrimp tacos. They were also great with a nice crunch from the topped cabbage and tomatoes. The wife says the sauce on the fish tacos was superb.My brother ordered the fish and chips with a combination of cod and mahi mahi.  This was also very delicious and fresh. The fish was crunchy and not greasy. About the only thing we forgot on the trip was to order hush puppies. If you are in search for great seafood come to this place. You will not be disappointed.
4	Apparently it's strange to have a fish and chips place in AZ so it was a surprise to my friends to see this one.  Had the fish and chips (cod) with a piece of mahi mahi and catfish.  Cod and mahi mahi was good.  The mahi mahi was a rec from the guy at the counter.  I am not a fan usually but I was pleasantly surprised.  It was moist and not overly dense like I've had before.  Friends got their shrimp tacos.  While they were huge in size, we all agreed it's better when it's made with a corn tortilla (they used a flour one).The 'chips' were the skinny fries and not the thick kind which i liked.Great service.  The guy was very helpful and came to check up on us.
5	Probably one of the best fish and chip places I've ever experienced.  Kind of mad at myself because we've lived by here for years and well only started going a few months ago.  I'm always looking for a good value when eating out.  This place is on the $$$ for fish and chips, but the value is in the freshness and quality so I don't mind paying the premium.  Service is terrific.  The staff is friendly and they really know their menu.  I guess if I had to make a suggestion the dining room could use some modernization.
3	The soft shell crab was really tasty but that is where it stops. The chipotle sauce that they provided for the po-boy and the crab tasted more like hidden valley ranch w/ paprika mixed in and the sandwich itself was just okay.
5	Pleasantly surprised! I had delicious grilled fish tacos and will be going back.
5	Best fish and chips in town. Add a soft shell crab for 4.99.
4	Just read all the reviews on Oscar's Pier 83 and decided that as Mainahs with a hankerin' for some haddock we'd give it a whirl.  Was shocked to find how close it was to where we live and that we've been driving past it all the time we were whining about how much we missed seafood!  We had the haddock fish and chips since haddock is hard to find anywhere around here.  It was great!  The fish and chips came with fries and coleslaw.  The coleslaw was excellent, the fries a little on the thin side for us.  The tartar sauce was a very nice flavor as well.  The gentleman at the counter was very welcoming and made some small talk with my husband about New England and being from Maine.  We will be back!  Cant wait to try the fish tacos, the shrimp and the broiled seafood options!  Eh-yup, it was "some wicked good."
4	Really Good Fish and Chips I had the Cod and the Shrimp was Great I will surely return for more. Good service also!!
5	The crab cake dinner was exceptional! Have enjoyed grilled Mahi tacos, also delish! Nice little gem in Glendale.
5	Apparently this place has been in business for 10 years but we just discovered it.  I had the combo basket which consisted of cod, clams, shrimp, oyster, chicken, and scallops.  I always see a plate like this as the ultimate test of a restaurants commitment to quality as most times they will cook everything together so most of the items are overcooked. Not the case here, everything was fresh and cooked to perfection.  I actually let out a faint moan when I tried the scallop.My wife had a cup of clam chowder which was very good and we split an order of Hush Puppies that were nice and crispy on the outside and moist and delicious on the inside.  My only wish is that we had found this place sooner.
4	Oscar's was a nice find for us. Live just down the street but first time here, We'll be back. Wife had the fish taco and loved it, cod was moist and tender and just the proper texture. They were a bit heavy on the sauce that was put on but not enough to distract from the flavor. I had the fish n chips with cod, it was cooked very well, not over fried and also moist and tender. I really like the variety of seafood that is available here, and the menu is straight forward and simple. Great place for this type of food especially if your not in the mood for a full scale restaurant. Well be back often.
3	Three stars only because we just came back from London. Flavor was okay. Glad it's in the neighborhood, but wouldn't drive across town for it. The beer and wine selection could have been better as well.
3	This is a very casual family owned seafood restaurant where you order at the counter and they run the food to you. Most of the seafood is fried but they do offer broiled  seafood too and many people come for the all you can eat seafood specials. The special of the day was called jumbo halibut taco for $6.75 so I ordered it and had my choice of broiled or fried. I didn't think one taco would be enough so I added on a side salad for somewhere around $3.00. My taco was very packed with LOTS of very fresh shredded cabbage but my fish was terribly dry but edible and was plain but on the top of all that cabbage and some diced tomatoes was a tasty creamy chipotle sauce and on the side was a fresh made pico. They called it jumbo and it was big but it was the same size as the other tacos my husband ordered. The side salad was freshly made and not from a bag.The fried fish tacos my husband had (shrimp and maui maui) were much better than the  halibut. They were set up the same way but he asked for the creamy sauce of the side. For my husband he thought they had too much cabbage in them and he scooped half the cabbage out. I've been here before but it was a while back. I'll go back because they offer many other tasty things to try but it is too soon to be a fan (4 stars) because of the very dry halibut but I do note maybe they normally cook it better and I just got an over cooked one?The person at the counter was very patient and helpful in the ordering process.I hope to up them a star on my next visit.
4	A great little seafood restaurant!  Very informal with a walk up ordering counter offering very tasty fish and chips and other seafood.  In addition to the inside tables an outdoor eating area is available.  Beer in bottles/cans and limited wine selection available.  Most selections served with skinny french fries and a creamy coleslaw.  Food all seemed to be freshly fried to order in a very light breading that did not mask the flavor of the fish was very enjoyable!
5	This is our new fried Seafood place in this part of town. It was the fried Oysters that got my attention. The prices here are reasonable and the food is fresh and tasty. They even have an all you can eat fried fish special that is worth checking out.Inside is decorated with a fishing theme and there are several cool photos on the wall. Just go up and place your order and pick out a table. The condiment bar is really groovy and has one of those nifty fork dispensers. There is also a nice selection of hot sauces and even malt vinegar.Started with a Oscar's Ultimate Combo with a side of Soft Shell Crab to get my feet wet. It is a deep fried Captain's dish with a little bit of everything. So good I brought my wife back for a Sunday throw down. She ordered the 2 pc Cod plate with fries and coleslaw. Yours truly went with some Cod, Oysters and Catfish. It was simply delightful.They also have Salads, Sandwiches, Burritos, Tacos, and so on. Burgers and Chicken for you land lovers. Some of the items can also be broiled instead of deep fried. This is not a fancy Scottsdale restaurant. Just good food with a nice casual vibe. There was football playing on our last visit.Excellent service and a very clean restaurant. We both agreed we would be returning sooner than later. Can't wait to try out some of their homemade Clam Chowder and possibly an Oyster Po-boy or a Giant Catfish Sandwich. DEEP FRY ME BABY!4.75 STARS
5	Best fish & Chips ever!  Crunchy batter, very fresh cod & the yummiest thin fries.  Great coleslaw & tartar sauce too.  Love this place.  Shrimp Louie is also terrific.  Very fresh,
3	The best item on the menu is the claim chowder. The other items ( fried cod & scallops) was bland - needed some serious seasoning.
5	We used to go to Taylor's Chowder House for fish and chips, but after my family and I ate at Oscar's, we are hooked! The salmon is good, the fish and chips are great, and the hush puppies are to die for. The best item is definitely the clam chowder. The decor may be a bit lacking,but for the price and the flavor, it really can't be beat.  My family and I eat there every other week. These guys know what they're doing! For being in a landlocked state, there is no better place.
5	Pleasantly surprised!  We are new to Arizona and really thought we'd have trouble finding a good place for fish.  Really common where we're from to have dozens of good places for battered fish.  Clean, reasonably priced and prompt service.  Food was served hot, and the fish was meaty, flaky and moist and was not all deep fried batter.  It's not far from where we live so we will definitely be back.  Someone else mentioned that the cod was bland and needed more seasoning, well cod is a mild tasting fish, I don't think you'd want a lot of seasoning.
3	Oscar's is my solid lunch spot during the week.  The place is great, clean and the guys behind the counter are consistently friendly. I got into Oscar's because of a previous boss.  I would go and do the fried shrimp or fish and chips until one Tuesday afternoon when I was introduced to the fish taco.  Holy cow is that a good lunch.  It is a battered white fish, covered in shredded cabbage and then you pour their trademark sauce over the shredded cabbage and it is like eating an incredible slaw with fish in a tortilla.  Seriously, does it get any better than that?  Maybe topping it with some pico.  ;)It sounds like a super simple meal and a simple sea food place and that is because it is, but what they do is done really well.  I have been to Oscars many times over the past few years and not once have I walked away not enjoying the meal I just had.  It is a solid place to grab a bite to eat.BTW, the three stars rating is not a bad thing, this place is great, I would probably give the Ocean Club four stars where others might go crazy and give it five.  It is not Oscar's in this case, it is me.
5	Greatest mom and pop seafood place around. Most amazing chicken sandwich ever!!!!  If your looking for great seafood this is the place to go.
5	We've been trying local eateries rather than the chain restaurants.We are so glad we found Pier 83!  Great fish tacos, and the kids meal portions are excellent!One taco is plenty for a meal - two big pieces of golden fried Cod, shredded cabbage, pico de gallo, yummy sauce. Perfect!Can't wait to go back!
5	Continuing to love this place, a year later and the food is still as consistently fresh and tasty served by the same great people.I tried the fish taco, in addition to ordering calamari, soft shell crab, and catfish meals.  I remember now that the fries are one of the few places where I like fries.  Everything else is just as great as last year.  The fish taco was great as well, 2 nice pieces of fish with slaw and tartar.  Excellente!
4	Mahi Mahi fried to crispy golden-ness....  Oh my!  It was so good, but the wait was SOOO long.  Sat on the patio and enjoyed the night skies.
3	I've been looking for a casual Fish spot for a while now, tis fit the bill perfectly. My wife who I've been trying eat a fish taco forever LOVED them here, I thought they were good not great but the chipotle sauce was awesome and went with everything we had. We got a fish taco, shrimp po boy and calamari appetizer. The taco was good size and right mix of fish and cabbage, shrimp in po boy was good but bread was disappointing just ordinary bagged French roll not even toasted, loved the calamari app  should have gotten two orders and bounced the Po boy.  Will come back probably more of a 3.5 than a 3.
1	I had lunch there today. when I got there their was not even one customer in the restaurant. continue reading to find out why. this is what I learned. I found they serve very small portions for VERY LARGE PRICES , But I do have to give credit where credit is due I had two small pcs of halibut and a small hand full of very thin French fries the fish tasted like it was fresh caught today Very impressive. the price $14.99  OUCH ! This was my first and last visit to Oscars. If you want that kind on money for the small portions  I Recommend you move to Scottsdale where us POOR people cant afford to eat.
5	We ate there today and we both thought it was very good of course what we had was all fried and a little of everything plate! Shrimp, calamari strip, chicken strip, cod, clams and oyster! I personally do not like oysters but husband did so he ate mine! $12.99 but was more than we could eat! Will be back again for a smaller plate and maybe try something new like poboy or fish tacos. Want to try the clam chowder too, my favourite soup! We drove 38 miles to try this place and was not disappointed!
5	Best fish tacos in all of Phoenix. Hands down!!
4	For a small place almost like fast food the fish I had was very good. Not fancy inside so if you are just looking for good fish to eat in or take out this is the place.
5	If what you were looking for is low-key ambience with a patio, great food and friendly staff, then this is it!  I highly recommend Oscars fried jumbo shrimp. You will not be disappointed.
4	The food is consistent, staff is super chill. It's a great pick for settling your fried food craving.
5	Me and my daughter have been to this restaurant for a while. So they deserve a five star. It is very hard to find a good fish place in Arizona. It taste fresh, It look fresh. When they fried it. It isn't resting on a bed a grease. So for the one who like destroyed small businesses just because you are ignorant or think your voice matter and that make you feel important. Please understand that restaurant are human been and they are not machines so stop acting like little brat and have some tolerance. I glade the place is in my neighborhood.
5	Excellent cod. Great batter. Hush puppies are very good. Never going back to long john silvers. Even my 5 year old loved it.
4	I came here for lunch with my family because we felt like fish and the valley lacks any selection of fish restaurants. Thankfully, Oscar's Pier 83 is very good.I ordered the 2 piece cod fish and chips and my wife had the tilapia fish and chips. We shared so we could both sample some of their offerings.Both meals were cooked to perfection. The tilapia was soft and tasty while the cod was meaty and also flavorful. The staff was polite and the table service was a nice treat especially considering that I was expecting a more fast food experience. I was also very excited that they were happy to alter our order after it was placed because we had forgotten to upgrade to steak fries and sweet potato fries.The sweet potato fries were a nice treat because I normally hate sweet potato but the few my wife fed me were very delectable. The coleslaw was good and I enjoyed the cocktail sauce as well.Overall I would rate this as a very good place for a quick meal for lunch or dinner. I would happily return to try more menu items.
4	The fish taco=wow. The service was excellent and the food was ready fast. I'd definitely go again.
5	After we finished eating and were heading to the car hubby declared "this was fish done right." Followed by "that was good." This came from a man who considers "it was okay" high praise.I had fish with calamari and hubby had fish. We both substituted clam chowder for the fries - well worth the $2 up charge. Coleslaw also came with. The food was great. The crew was friendly. The music was pleasing and not too loud. The tvs were tuned to sports (no establishment should ever be tuned to news). The restaurant was very clean. What more could you ask for?
5	Amazing food amazing staff!! Love the fish tacos!!
5	Happy to have finally found a fresh seafood restaurant in Phoenix. The guys behind the counter were very welcoming and nice. The quality of the food is top notch!  Will definitely be back!
5	I absolutely LOVE this place. Seafood was fresh and on point. Not too much batter to fish ratio, just right. We ordered fried oysters, cod, fries and hush puppies. Large portion and seasoned perfectly.  I must aay, the condiment bar and fountain drink area was VERY clean. (Something I pay a lot of attention to) even the bathroom was kept very clean and had a fresh scent I  there. Anyway, you know the food is good when my very picky five yr enjoys it. Must try!!
5	Love the clam chowder bread bowl!! Delicious and filling. Amazing spot. The tacos are ahhhmazing. :)
4	Good. Tilapia  for a fish fry? I don't think so..Yuk...
4	Place is good. If you want some good fish tacos I would consider this place! It's quite but it's nice the variety of drinks is nice too. The workers look like they don't wanna be there but it doesn't bother me. I would consider this place if you want something different but good!
4	Quick easy seafood! The fried clams and cod are amazing I could eat my weight in the clams they are not tuff or chewy, just perfect!
5	Absolutely the best salmon I've ever eaten. It's always excellent. Always fresh, NEVER fishy. Awesome staff. It's so  worth  the drive.
5	Awesome place!!! First time here and the food was delicious. The batter was light and not greasy. We had te sandwich, the bread was a great combination to the fish. The fries were crispy and very good. Calamari was huge and Delish. Customer service was friendly and we felt very welcome. We will be coming back and bringing the whole family.
5	First time lunch here. It's a casual order at the counter place. Very clean and the service was fast! We tried their 3 piece cod fish fry with fries and coleslaw. Everything was great! No complaints. I'll be back :-)
5	Amazing. Simply amazing, I Iove the food here. I remember eating here about 3 yrs. ago and it's still just as great as the first time I tried it. The employees are sweet, the food comes quickly, and best of all the food is fresh and delicious. It's a cute little place and I would definitely recommend this restaurant to any seafood lovers. They have many different types of fish and also a little bit of chicken as well if you're somehow not there for fish. And a side note, their French Fries aren't soggy! (Thank the heavens.) Give the place a try!:)
3	We drive by it all the time, get coupons all the time so decided to try it out.   Wow were we impressed.  It's counter service for great seafood.  Lot's of fried stuff but a great joint for tasty fish-n-chips.  We couldn't do it every week, but if you're jonsing for some seafood, tarter sauce, &  homemade coleslaw and you want it close, fast and cheap - then GO!
4	Hubby was looking for something new while we were in the area.  He found this, so we decided to give it a try.The restaurant is in a strip mall, and not too big.  It's definitely decorated like a fish place, with loads of boat/captain pictures and a gigantic swordfish on the wall.  It wasn't "fancy", but it was very clean (including the restrooms, which is a big tell in smaller places).We ordered at the counter with a very friendly young man, got our drinks and stuff (cocktail sauce, ketchup, forks, spoons, napkins), then sat down.  In a few minutes, the place was packed, and all the tables were full.  We got there just in time!Our food was brought to us...hubby got the clam chowder, which he said was alright, but he's had better.  He ate it all, though.  Then, the rest of our food was brought over.  Hubby had ordered fried catfish and chips with cole slaw.  His catfish was huge!  He loved it!!  I got the clam strips, hush puppies (one of my favorite things) and cole slaw.  Everything was really tasty!  I have to say, I loved their cocktail sauce, which I dipped everything in.  Plus, everything came to us piping hot!  The cole slaw was nice, cool and refreshing.If we're in the area, we'd definitely love to come back here again.
5	The food is great and the place is local! I had the fried shrimp meal with a side of hush puppies. The hush puppies were  seasoned nicely and came with a good dipping sauce. The shrimp were huge and fried perfectly. My hubby got the combo platter. The platter could easily feed two people. I tasted the cod, chicken and clams, they were all great! We will definitely be back to try other items on the menu! :)
4	This place is great!  We have consistently had fresh, delicious fish meals there.  The fried shrimp taco is my favorite, along with their clam chowder.  They will occasionally have Seafood Soup, which is amazing.  And of course their fish-and-chips is great, although they seem to have changed it a bit in our most recent visits and it's a little smaller and less tasty.  My husband's "go-to" meal there is the salmon (always delicious) with vegetables.  Paired with a good selection of beers and it's a great meal.  Looking forward to sitting outside in cooler weather.
5	Can't wait to take my mom! I remember when they first opened and we checked it out... it's a tough little corner but they must have loyal clients. I STRONGLY urge you to check it out. I was craving a Shrimp Po Boy Sandwhich and that's what I got! With some hush puppies! DELICIOUS! Worth every penny!
5	If you are a fan of Fish & Chips, then this should be your next stop ! I have lived in Glendale since 2002 and have tried many others. This place has the best fish in town. You should also try their Fried Calamari. The BEST I have ever tasted. Soft shell Crab and Fish Tacos are AWESOME also.
5	Have been all AROUND Arizona... for a land locked state. Oscar's has just what I need.No Salt Lick RED Lobster.So to our Surprise we bought a house one block south literally in bicycle distance.We are in trouble in 2015.
5	Great food, great employees and a casual atmosphere! Never disappointed in the quality or flavor. If you love fish and chips, this is the place to be!
5	Very glad to come across this place on yelp. Very friendly and clean, most importantly the food is great. Definitely will be back to try something else on the menu. A great place to have seafood.
4	Wonderful, family-owned fish & chips restaurant. The fish is fresh, delicious and served with a smile.We started with the calamari appetizer. They pound out their own calamari steaks, then cut them into strips. You can have this served with cocktail sauce, tartar sauce or their house made chipotle. Catfish sandwhich served on fresh, house-made buns. Jumbo fish taco made with delicious cod served with a very light, house made chipotle sauce and shredded cabbage.
4	Looking for something different, found this place on Yelp with good reviews. Food was very good, fresh, just a bit pricey.
5	Love this place! It's not cheap, so don't expect Long John Silvers type of fare. They do offer, and have outstanding quality fried seafood, yes. They also have broiled fish as well. Great menu, offering a large variety of things such as shrimp, clams, oysters, etc. Do not let the strip mall dive vibe turn you off of this place. If you are craving super fresh, large portioned fish fry, you need to give this place a try. Hint: the place gets super packed right around 6pm, so be prepared!
5	Three words:  Crab Stuffed Salmon.  Now that I have your attention, please kindly direct your gaze upon an otherwise non-descript strip center in the west valley.  On the southeast corner of 59th Ave and Union Hills lies Oscar's.  It's small restaurant with an interior that somewhat closely resembles a seafood shack setup you'd expect to find along the shores of New England.  Simple wooden seating, photos and fishing emblems all over the walls, and oh yeah, dynamite seafood.  I had been looking for a new lunch spot to try during the work day and it just so happens Yelpers were giving this place solid marks for the food and especially for Ron, the owner.  When I walked in this time, sure enough Ron was manning the register.  Super nice guy who is super passionate about his product.  Based on my experience it's easy to see why.When you come in, you order at the counter and grab a table as they bring the food out to you.  The place looks like it seats about 40-50 people including the outdoor patio.  Be warned, the menu is lengthy with a ton of different items to choose from.  Ron can recommend items depending on your taste.  And if you're a regular, chances are Ron remembers what you like as he was naming off customer's favorite dishes in succession.  The place was about half full the whole time I was there with people steadily streaming in and out.  I just got a small table near the register since it was just me by myself this time.I had done my research in advance and decided to go with one of their big feature dishes.  A crab stuffed salmon dish with sides of crab pasta salad and mixed veggies.  They have a 10% Yelp check in discount you can apply to your meal.  Total price for the meal plus drink after the discount was about $17.  My meal came out in about 10 minutes.  I believe most of their dishes take less time, but mine is probably among the more complex on their menu.Ron enthusiastically brought it out to my table.  Looked and smelled heavenly (see my photo).  First off, let me praise Ron on the crab pasta salad.  They did not skimp on the crab with this.  I was able to get my fork on nice big chunks of rich crab (and even some shrimp) with every bite.  The cooked veggies were prepared very simple.  A little salt and pepper and include green beans, squash, and zucchini.  And of course, the main event.  The salmon.  A nice fillet with a line of crab stuffed in the middle from top to bottom.  Fantastic texture mixing the gentle subtle flavor of the salmon with the richness of the crab.  Seriously, I think this might be the best way I've ever seen salmon presented.  I pretty much crushed my meal in record time.  I was plenty full and happy when all was said and done.As I mentioned earlier, most of their dishes come out pretty quick and the prices for most of their dishes looked to be around $10.  They also have specials on a regular basis (today they had a grilled swordfish special).  They also have a decent selection of beers and wines to choose from at the front (as well as plenty of soft drink choices).  This place would definitely work as a lunch or dinner spot for sure.  Big time props to you Ron.  You hit it out of the park on my first visit here.  It certainly won't be my last, though it might take me awhile to try everything on the menu.  Or I might just dominate that salmon again.  Either way it's a win-win.
5	This restaurant is the best fish and chips in the west valley. There is a vast variety of fish to be eaten. I highly recommend it.
