5	This local farm to table concept by the folks at Something Classic, located at the front of the new uptown Mint Museum, is a new gem in the Queen City's crown.  Flavorful and well-prepared local ingredients shine throughout the menu.Let me begin with the decor.  You know the new Mint is very modern, and this carries thru to Halcyon's dining room.  There are muted natural colors accented by an earth-toned blue that pops up in many unexpected places.  The idea of dining in nature is enhanced further by the naturally shaped dark wood tables and the "twig" chandeliers.  Indoor and outdoor seating, with a great view of Tryon St. and the new cultural campus, are abundant.  Ceilings are tall and the whole place has an airy openness to it.  I could come here and just sit to enjoy the room- luckily the food was just as good.The wife and I dropped in for a bite on Saturday around noon.  To our surprise, they we rolling out a brand new brunch menu.  Plenty to choose from- soups, salads, omelets, and a handful of features.  Emphasis is placed on locally-sourced ingredients.  While we looked over the menu, our server brought by a few slices house-made baguette with a selection of homemade butters- pumpkin, cranberry, and red wine.  Interesting, but since the bread was already drizzled with olive oil we mostly skipped on the butters.The wife went for the french onion soup and, while we have had many versions elsewhere in town, this was by far the most flavorful.  Carmelized onions and gruyere cheese in a rich beef broth further flavored with port.  Not too salty, not sweet, just filling and packed with flavor that shone thru every spoonful.  Served in a perfectly portion little coquette dish that came out piping hot.  Perfect for cold weather days.I had a more traditional egg and toast breakfast- only the toast was more slices of the baguette and the meat was a house-made lamb sausage.  Totally could have eaten that sausage all day long- juicy and fresh tasting, with the flavor of lamb and spices mixing crazy good.  But the piece de resistance, not to be missed, is the duck confit hash.  Even our server noted it was a star on the menu.  The tiniest little cubes of potato, bell pepper and onion are cooked golden brown with a bit of duck fat.  Unusual and interesting, and oh so tasty.  Decadent for sure, but what a way to mark your ground on an otherwise crowded brunch scene.We will be back to try more- sadly there was no room left to try the french toast, but our server mentioned it was made with their homemade pumpkin bread.  Sounds yum-o to me.  I did note they serve a number of beers and wines, both by bottle and by the glass.  I also inquired about their cheese plate- currently comprised of 3 choices- you can have 1 or all 3.  Though was passed on this trip, I do want to try the Carolina Blue- topped with truffled clover honey.  Sounds good enough to make a meal out of alone!Overall, I have nothing but high expectations for Halcyon- everything about it ought to appeal to the modern Charlotte diner.  Well-thought out food locally-sourced and expertly prepared in a dining environment that is a treat in itself.  Hopefully the location is not a killer- but it ought to do a great weekday lunch business.  If you are in or around uptown, make this a must on your list.  I'm smitten for sure.
5	This is a new restaurant located in the Mint Museum in uptown Charlotte.First, the space is amazing.  Nature-inspired decor, soaring ceilings, and a great view of St. Peter's church give this restaurant an uncommon feeling.  Second, the service was terrific!  You sort expect a new restaurant to have to work out the kinks...not so at Halcyon.  Our waiter practically sang the menu and the wine selection to our table.  He was so knowledgeable about the food and wine pairings that making our selection was effortless.  Last but definitely not least, the food was fantastic.  Our table was comprised of 4 foodie friends so "Chinese" rules were in play...we sampled each other's appetizers, entrees, and desserts.  A lot of thought has gone into their menu and it shows.  We will return to see what Chef Marc is doing next.Enjoy Halcyon!
5	Had lunch at Halycyon in December, 2010 and enjoyed the soup & salad appetizer, which should really be renamed shrimp salad -- it's a beautiful presentation with head-on shrimp over greens and dressed at the table. For my main, I had the scallops, which were perfectly prepared with a bacon sauce. The portions are not large here, so I had room for dessert. What the waiter described as beignets were really donut holes -- so at first I was a bit disappointed, but the raspberry spread and chocolate mocha mousse made perfect dipping sauces and overall this is a 5 star restaurant. Can't wait to go back and try some other menu items.
5	Don't know that I can add much more than Will H., Greg C. and Rich C., but I'll try.  Great location, beautiful space, and a really comfortable and unpretentious atmosphere (unlike some museum restaurants).This is a place that takes food seriously, both in the selection of their suppliers, the quality of the food they purchase, the way it is prepared, and even how it is presented and served.  Sitting at the bar, watching the open kitchen, was like watching a symphony orchestra perform.  All of the parts coming together with tremendous harmony and beauty.  The staff is incredibly friendly (even for Charlotte, where everyone is friendly to begin with).  They are also incredibly knowledgeable about every item on the menu, and every ingredient.  Not a single recommendation was bad.The food was magnificent.  The artisan cheese tray, meat ball sampler, and special marrow appetizers were fantastic.  The bread was hot, fresh and tasty, as were the spreads.  The wedge salad is like no other, and the stone soup was an explosion of flavor.  The dinner (I had the duck, others had the burger and short ribs) was beautifully presented and endless in flavor.  And nicely proportioned.Dessert also was great.  We had the brown betty and beignets.  Add in the short, but well rounded beer and wine list, and waitstaff that knew the list too, and you end up with what is, and should be, the best new restaurant in Charlotte, and perhaps just the best restaurant in Charlotte period.I'm happy that I work nearby, and will be visiting often.
3	Beautiful dining room in the architecturally stunning Mint Museum in downtown Charlotte. Arrived early on a Friday with no reservations and were seated immediately. Spacious, woodsy seating space with ample room to settle in for a good catch-up with an old friend.The staff seemed new and somewhat overwhelmed with designer foodie terms. Wine list was reasonably priced and had a good representation of regions to accompany local farm to table fare. We had a few questions as to the local cheeses which turned out to be from elsewhere but our server explained they used local merchants for products not available regionally or seasonally.Shared a trio of cheeses to start and split the short rib with slight side of creamy mashed potatoes and vegetable cubes of what looked like root veggies. The serving of meat was huge for one person so we left perfectly content.Recommended for large and small groups (the largest dining room table being a slice of an ancient tree - beautiful).It had a few kinks to work out in service, chipped plates and wobbly tables but once they get a little more time in food tasting/training and attention to detail, they'll likely be around for a good long while.
3	Another Charlotte Restaurant Week experience!Again, it is my personal belief a participating restaurant should put their best foot (or dishes, for that matter) forward during restaurant week. It's two weeks out of the year, folks. Do it up and do it right.That being said, I was absolutely jacked to try The Mint Museum's newest addition - Halcyon! Their fresh (no freezer on site) farm to table concept is just as lovely as their decor. Gorgeous twig chandeliers, lots of deep, rich browns, ocean blue wall, interesting silverware and more. Plus, that patio is going to be stunning during the warmer months. Service was friendly and efficient and we were in and out within an hour. I can, however, imagine staying a while once CRW is over. The food, however, is where Halcyon fell a bit short of wondrous, both in flavor and in portion sizes. I see on their Yelp biz categories they listed small plates and new American, perhaps I should have paid more attention to the small plate mention. Listen, I don't expect grandiose portions, but I left Halcyon hungry. That's sayin' a lot. Here's what I had:Amuse Bouche - Hummus w/pita points: 3/5: This was actually a generous helping of hummus, especially for an amuse bouche. Our server brought us extra pita points because the heaping pile of hummus only came with three. Ha. I love carbs, I'd like some extra pita. I just wasn't wowed by the flavor of the hummus,Farm Salad: 4/5: Local butter lettuce with a few sunflower seeds, tasty tomatoes and a delicious mustard vinaigrette. Great texture and full of color. I really, really enjoyed the dressing. Short Rib: 3.5/5: Let me put this out there right away - I love the flavors on the plate. Loved the tender short rib, the tasty glaze, the potato puree and the root veggies. My problem with this dish? There wasn't much of it. At all. Three very small slices of short rib, two bites of potato and the equivalent of two baby carrots diced. Normally I offer hubs a few bites of my dish, but I didn't have any to share. Color me disappointed, but they said this was supposed to be a main course*? Maybe I got the runt of the short rib  - it was very short. *In the same vein, hubs ordered the chicken and I chuckled when they set it down. The chicken was the size of a kiwi with a protruding bone. Creme Brulee: 2/5: Very cold inside and the texture was pretty off. Not smooth, creamy and delicious as I had hoped. Plus, the flavor was lacking. So, maybe I should have paid more attention to the small plate classification? I'll take a bit of the blame, but that could have been advertised a bit better on their CRW menu and website, for that matter. I know I'll come back to Halcyon as I really adore the concept, but I'll be sure to have a snack before I arrive.
4	What a lovely place! The interior of Halcyon is so beautiful and artistic. Very beautiful, earthy and relaxing.I came here for Charlotte Restaurant Week. Granted, being the difficult vegan I am, I couldn't do the 3 courses for $30 but I did have the Amuse Bouche of white bean hummus, a small Farm Salad, and for my entree I had the Winter Vegetable (a mix of butternut squash, roasted roma tomatoes and brussel sprouts).The plating at this place was overall pretty good. The balsamic and pomegranate reductions that came with my dish were beautiful and perfect, my pile o' vegetables looked elegant and the silverware even looked pretty. Halcyon does their best to be "farm fresh" so that means you'll have a season-varied menu. Definitely an awesome and beautiful place- I'll totally be recommending it!
5	Delicious "Cold" Duck & Creme Brulee!I came here for work and a local recommended this place to me.  I was getting tired of eating pulled pork and fried chicken so I wanted to try something fresh.  The location of this place was kinda confusing because it has two street address, but in reality it should be one since it's basically inside the Levin Art Center.  We got lost a bit walking to this place because our navigation system couldn't distinguish where exactly it was.  Just remember you gotta go up the stairs of the Levin Art Center to get into the restaurant.  The place is fairly small, but modern.  The ambiance was definitely there since it was so dark my camera required a flash.   We started off w/a few appetizers.  I wanted to try the pate plate, but they ran out so I had the crepe & my coworker had the cheese plate.  Both were just okay, nothing spectacular, but the presentation was beautiful, just like the place.  Now the main entree was the highlight of the meal.  We both had the "cold" duck & it was spectacular!  We ordered the duck both medium rare & it came out tasting very flavorful & tender, the butternut squash & brussel sprouts really complimented the dish.  I fell in love w/it & couldn't stop raving about how great the dish was.  We ended the meal with their vanilla creme brulee & it was soOOo creamy & smooth.  It was THE best way to end the meal. If I ever get a chance to come back to NC I'll definitely back here for their duck!  You gotta try it!
5	Halcyon's dining concept revolves around supporting local farms, dairies and wineries from the Carolinas. Approximately 85% of what you see on the menu is local and seasonal, making each dish fresh and unique. The menu is simple, and it changes daily to accommodate what's at the market. I went for restaurant week with a group of friends. We were seated immediately and received very good service throughout the night. From the restaurant week menu, I ordered: the cheese plate with truffled-honey, the vegetable lasagne and the bread pudding for dessert. All three dishes were great. The decoration is truly beautiful, both ethereal and earthy. I felt like a wood-elf.
2	The first time I tried to make a reservation, I was given a time, then told, "You will probably only have time for appetizers."I really didn't understand what this meant, so asked for more information, and was told, "Well, we have another seating for that table an hour after you, so you will only have time for appetizers." I asked what they would do, kick us out? The answer was, "No, we'll find somewhere for you." Since I could only imagine that this meant standing in a corner, I declined.After hearing wonderful things from others, I attempted a second time, and sucessfully made reservations.They called the day of our reservations to confirm, and then cautioned me to be mindful of the time, because I would only have an hour and a half.At this point, I should have known better, cancelled the dinner, and gone elsewhere...but, I didn't...I know, clearly my fault!The restaurant is beautiful, the view is nice, decorations very homey and sophsicated at the same time.We ordered the stuffed quail and pate for appetizers. The stuffed quail was wonderful, one of the best things I've eaten anywhere...and is the primary reason for 2 stars!The pate baffled me...why serve 3 icecream scoop sized lumps of pate with three tiny toast points is just beyond me. A plate really should make sense...and asking for extra is unnecessary. For entrees we had the cold pressed duck and the lamb chops.The duck was nicely medium rare, but I usually enjoy a crispy duck skin and this was soggy and bland.The lamb was barely edible. The chef recommends medium rare, so this is how I ordered it. It came more than well done. When asked, I did show the waiter (and later the manager) the meat, they saw it was obviously over done. Of course they apologized and offered to re-fire...it was then that I told them of our 1 1/2 hour time limit, and I didn't want to get kicked off of the table!!! More apologies, they were very sorry...the manager said she had no idea how the time limit thing happened...but would definitely address the situation.Dessert was ordered, coffee and donuts. This was a little cup of coffee pudding and 3 beignets...Again, I'm puzzled why a dessert ordered for 2 people had 3 beignets, instead of 2, or 4, which would have made much more sense. But, they were delicious.The price was above average for Charlotte, and most meals and restaurants in this price range do a much better job.Overall, the quail was spectacular, other things mediocre, and the lamb just awful. We will probably not visit Halcyon again.
4	I had heard a few bad stories about having to wait for your table, even when you have a reservation so I was a little worried about that. When we arrived, we were asked to wait at the bar, even though half of the room had open tables. Thankfully, we didn't wait more than 10 minutes. The server was friendly and went over the specials immediately. We ordered appetizers - cheese plate, french onion soup and a quail appetizer - all were very good. Our main courses were equally delicious - had the lamb special and the chicken dish. No complaints at all. The desert menu is limited, in my opinion but we ended up going with the creme brulee and it was amazing. Towards the end of my meal, the waitress absentmindedly poured water in my wine glass. That surprised me as I felt she was on top of it all night. Other than that, the service was good. The atmosphere is very nice and romantic. Enjoyed it and would go back. There was outdoor seating which I think will be great once the weather allows.
5	OMG!!! Lets just start with the setting. A beautifully done environment, across from the ratcliffe, in the new Levine Museum.  The meal was amazing, from the mint infused unsweet iced tea, to the seared scallops with brussel sprout petals(yes i said petals) and the 3 little pigs entree, my bestie and i split the 2 entrees. I highly recommend this place.  Holla!
4	Halcyon is a beautiful restaurant, there is a patio that screams, "cocktails."  Went in today to meet a friend for lunch, I was a little early and hadn't had any coffee yet, very happy to relax (text and email furiously on my phone), you know relax and enjoy a cup of coffee.  Service was very nice, no rushing or acting weird because I was taking up a table, he served me a beautiful cup of coffee.  Freshly made, strong, served in a large, simple, ceramic cup.  It was the best cup of coffee I've had in Charlotte in a restaurant setting that didn't specialize in coffee. Shockingly delicious.  Then I wondered how much it was going to be...  two bucks. I can afford that!  My friend arrived we ordered a few items to nosh on, French onion soup and a grilled scallop and brussel sprout dish.  They brought me the wrong item, the server was really nice about, the food runner was prompt in taking care of it and my scallop dish came out really fast.  Handled very professionally.I cannot wait to go back, the first sign of warmer weather, you can meet me at the Mint!
4	This was just outstanding.  What a great environment, super wait staff, and an amazing menu - though not extensive, I wanted to try almost everything on it - so the quality is there - and the food is just excellent.  Highly recommend it and definitely make reservations - it is clearly a hot spot
3	Took a client to lunch. Shortly after arriving at the table the waiter pissed off the group by announcing that the restaurant was full and they were out of most items since they only want enough of each item to run out each day. What if Ronald McDonald had used this philosophy. I doubt they would have succeeded. Keep in mind it was 1pm. The selection was very very limited especially since they were out of most of the desirable items. That said I would be tempted to give it another chance. The tea was good and the food was fair. One more chance and that would be it for me. Z
4	Went to Halcyon on a Friday evening.  The space is spectacular.  It is very comfortable, and the view is great.  The chairs are cushiony and comfy, but they're just a little too short for the tables.  I saw many elbows up in the air while people tried to cut they're meat entrees.  There is an outdoor seating area that will be excellent for summer meals.  It provides wonderful views of the new museums, cultural center, performance center, and the Green.  The staff at Halcyon are excellent.  Our server was very happy to be working, and he just loved food.  He took that love and put it all toward his interactions with us and other guests.DH and I each ordered a glass of wine.  I had a glass of Malbec, which was quite good.  The restaurant serves small pieces of toast and compound butters at the beginning.  The toast was super dry and a little too toasty.  Not much flavor.  The butters were fine, but the bread distracted from the flavor infused into the butter.  Not worth taking up space in one's stomach on this free bread.  They should really get rid of it, because I was too full to order dessert in the end. Anyway, I tried the gazpacho, the soup of the day.  It was extremely fresh, very tasty.  It didn't go well with what I had chosen for my dinner, but I couldn't resist ordering it.  My entree was the duck.  The squash and other winter vegetables were a nice complement to the well-cooked, medium-rare duck.  The portion size was appropriate.  The duck, itself, didn't have a ton of flavor, but it was still good.As of April 15, Halcyon is still on its winter menu.  Our server said they'd be changing over to spring soon.
5	I visited Halcyon for the first time for Sunday brunch.  The decor is gorgeous and the view of Uptown is great, but the food is the main event.  It's simple and fresh, with interesting touches and ingredients... and most of all, it's delicious!  I was amazed that it wasn't crowded - it seems to be kind of a hidden gem.  I will definitely be back for brunch and more!
4	Moving to Charlotte from Portland, Oregon - which, btw, fancies itself the food center of the West Coast, if not the UNIVERSE - I was initially appalled at the lack of  farm-to-table type restaurants in Charlotte. ( Don't worry, Charlotte has waaaay better weather, fried pickles, nicer people and refreshing lack of sycophantic hipsters - take that PDX!)Anyway, enter Halcyon.Impressive.Well-designed, minimal but not too minimal, comfortable space.Educated, trained and relaxed staff.Excellent menu with locally sourced ingredients.Last time I stopped by was mid-afternoon after I gave a tour at the adjacent Mint Museum. Had some time to kill and thought, mmmmm, what a nice afternoon to sit on the patio and slurp on some lovely Rose and nosh on some cheese.The best thing about that afternoon drop in was the server completely 'read' me correctly. Provided great service, answered in detail my questions about the cheese offerings, ( Ummm, I'm REALLY into cheese), and then let me sit and soak in some rays while enjoying myself.Mission accomplished.
4	Ahh lunch at Halcyon. What a great way to spend your afternoon, uhh, lunch hour (or 2). If it had never ended, I'd be OK with that. The atmosphere is beautiful. It's like Heidi meets West Elm. Let me work on that visual for you. Farmhouse chic balanced with modern undertones. Lovely. We began with the Nested Wedge. A roasted wedge of romaine lettuce, gorgonzola fondue, polenta croutons, and thin crispy "bacon chip." I am on a grilled salad kick right now, and this was great. The polenta croutons are melt in your mouth good. A large portion, easily shared. The duck confit crepe was my entree (naturally). Initially I was served the wrong crepe (which I have to say I was a little sad to send back-it was that good), but I made the correct choice. Nice crispy warm crepe filled with duck confit (of a pork bbq consistency) drizzled with a sweet, honey-like sauce, not at all overpowering. Duck confit crepe. Get it. I sampled the pate plate. I am slowly being converted into a fan of this "ultimate culinary delight". Wow is all I can say. I also tasted the Trout BLT. It was the only dish to slightly miss the mark. It needed salt, amongst other things. To make sure we wouldn't starve to death, we finished off our meal with the donut sampler with a chocolate pot de creme. I can't remember the exact name of this dessert. The pot de creme was one of, if not THE best pot de creme I have eaten. MILK chocolate is my favorite. The donuts I could have lived without. They were more like churros, but cold, and cut into 1/8ths. Halcyon-I will return to you. Preferably when I have nothing to answer to afterwards but a nap. Wonderful!
5	I was on my way to Good Food at Montford when I got mugged at gunpoint in the parking garage of my hotel. That night, I ate a sad (albeit comped) meal of overcooked steak Diane and chugged several glasses of Sutter Home in my hotel room.The next night, I was determined to take back my life -- starting with my taste buds. I dined on the earlier side, hoping to avoid crowds and grab a seat without a reservation. Not only did I get a seat, but I was able to saddle up at the chef's bar where I could watch Executive Chef Marc Jacksina prepare my dishes (amazing that in NC, executive chefs are actually working the night chef, touching and cooking food). Given that small dining room, decked out in wood-carved everything from tables and chairs to chandeliers -- I believed that I had taken one of the better seats in the house. My server was a little frazzled -- perhaps, a little clueless -- as he had a difficult time answering simple questions about several menu and wine items, but he was polite about everything and I wasn't about to pick a fight. I was there to be gastronomically cleansed. I ordered a California syrah thinking that I'd order myself some pork-liciousness. But I changed course as I watched Chef Marc work. Knowing the pride Halcyon took in sourcing fresh ingredients locally, I decided that I would focus solely on vegetarian dishes -- a huge departure from my largely carnivorous diet. And I didn't want to do the typical -- no wedge salad or cheese plate. I remember a retired Marine who came into my wine store after serving his last tour of duty and upon my asking what he was looking for, replied, "something memorable." In no way do I wish to compare my trials and tribulations with those of our armed service men and women, but I was looking for something akin to the bottle of Les Forts de Latour that I sent him home with.I opted for a "beet carpaccio" and a ricotta gnudi over spaghetti sqaush.The thinly-sliced beets were sprinkled with sugar and torched -- just enough so the top crusted over like a creme brulee. This was accompanied by a caponota of pureed turnip, shaved apples, carrot puree and spots of aged balsamic. Absolutely delicious -- an epiphany, really -- each ingredient sold itself individually, but blended together harmoniously -- a celebration of seasonal flavors, textures, colors and temperatures. Then came the warm bowl that contained my gnudi and squash - like a delicate eggs nestled in a fragile bird's nest. With just the right amount of brown, sage butter and dash of nutmeg, this dish put me over the edge. The squash was just right - not a yellow, tasteless mush -- but with just a slight bite the way one would prefer their pasta al dente. The gnudi was fluffy, not heavy -- seared just right so it wasn't greasy, showcasing the skill of a strong kitchen staff. This meal was incredibly meaningful, coming on the heels of such a terrible experience. I was incredibly appreciative that it didn't disappoint. In fact, it was inspiring to watch Chef Marc and company coax such complexity from simplicity. Quite a triumphant return for my traumatized palate.
4	Very interesting and unique menu. The food is super yummy and service is good. I have been here several times and plan to go back.
4	Halcyon is one of those places you go when the boss is paying. So on such an occasion we decided to do just that. I am not such an adventurous eater so I stuck to the basics. I ate the cheese burger and fries and it was delicious! The burger was so tender it fell apart, so I ended up eating it with a fork. The fries were delicious. Regular mixed with sweet potato and seasoned with rosemary! For dessert I had the 'coffee and donuts'. The little donut holes were pretty good but the "coffee" was amazing. It was more like a chocolate mousse! Wonderful meal. I will ask to go back on my next company paid lunch. Forgot to mention, our waiter was wonderful!
5	I love this restaurant.  I appreciate the theme, and you will miss the entire experience if you do not get the theme.  This is a farm to fork place.  When I hear this... don't give me a menu.  I will take your special.  (granted this is assuming you are an honest person and not peddling your crap that is about to go out of date).Either way, great food.. great flavors... smart cooking.I highly recommend it.
1	2 of the 3 items on my "three little pigs" lunch entree were burned. Yep, burned in the kitchen and then brought to my table and served to me in their burned inedible state. The restaurant is right at the entrance to the Mint Museum. It's pretty, upscale, and the waitstaff is capable and professional. But when you serve me food that is burned, not much else will make any difference in my dining experience.However, I do want to mention that, much to their credit, the worst part of the burned food was hidden from view when the food was plated. The really badly charred parts of the Glazed Heritage Pork Belly and the House-Smoked Pork Meatball were touching the plate ... so hey, out of sight out of mind.If you're looking for creative cuisine that is burned but served up anyway, look no further. Halcyon will burn your lunch for you.
5	Stone Soup!!!  Do you know the story of Stone Soup?  You need to!  You can do that on your own time!  They had Gazpacho so I passed on the Stone Soup which changes almost every day as it would.  Last night my plan was to walk from the Mint Museum all the way down to Harvest Moon then come back to tour the Mint.  Then I remember Tonya P. (P for PopRock Photography aka POPROCK LOVE) told me that the Restaurant in the Mint was good and I should check it out... Being 90 + degrees outside and not really wanting to walk I looked at the menu posted outside.  As I was reading the menu a guy from inside came out to bring me in!  Boldness is to be rewarded!!!  As my server (who did an excellent job) was explaining the menu and I was crossing off (in my mind) almost all of it, then what I wanted I saw.... Gazpacho I knew I was staying!!!  Tomatoes and Watermelon Excellent!  Next Bread and Butter, both very good the Butter was a small slab of two butters, one half was Honey Dijon and the other half was lemon.Burger was Filet Mignon and Short Ribs ground in house so I ordered it Medium RARE!!!  That's right!!!  Plenty of photo's though no bloody ones tonight!  This burger had some chow chow with it and was supposed to have Aioli (I hate Mayo) and some Cheddar (skip the Cheese) So they added Red Onion!!!  The fries were three different Potatoes one was sweet all were Very Good!  No tomato jam???  They need to make their own Tomato Jam!!!  Or a Moroccan Spice Sauce!I did not eat the the Burger Bun in case I wanted to order multiple desserts and my waiter did not want to tell me about dessert til he thought  I was ready (I was ready at Lunch time [this is Dinner Time Now]).  Disappointingly they only had one that sounded good, sounded good after I made ten changes and requested (see my photos and you'll see their talent)!  Beignets (they called them Doughnuts) and something like Espresso Pudding ( they called Coffe and spelled Coffe on my bill).  Everything was very Good and if this were not a five yelp star experience it was close enough for me!  I'll be back I have to taste that Stone Soup and the Onion Soup looked very good too!
4	Our food and service was awesome.
5	Great local food cooked by a great chef.  Everything I have had here has been really good, The French Onion soup is some of the best I have ever had, maybe the best! Extremely fresh food but it is a tad on the expensive side, very well worth it but just be prepared.  Great atmosphere and a great place for a date.
2	Cool creatve vibe. Local food, but overpriced.
4	Been looking forward to Halcyon. In almost every way, the restaurant did the best job ever. Great greeting at the door, nice table, really special food: taste, presentation, originality. They were aware of our schedule to attend a concert next door at Knight Theater. My only complaint is that the server explained the menu and specials before bringing our drinks. Frankly, I would have been able to listen better if I had a glass of wine to enjoy while I listened. This is why I've given this a 4 instead of 5 star. But truly, this is a wonderful restaurant that embraces local food. Awesome.
3	Charlotte is a pretty good restaurant town and Halcyon helps uphold the reputation. The location is bright and airy. The menu has a number of great selections. I went for the 3 Little Pigs, a combo plate with a chunk of braised pork belly, a BLT slider, and a meatball over collards. Good but the meatball was a bit dry. All of my companions had great selections. The house salad was large and fresh , the quiche interesting, and the trout BLT interesting but not what I would have expected. Halcyon prides itself on its locavore status and it shows. I don't understand the complaints about price. With four of us at less than $65 inclusive, its a lot less than upscale joints in a lot of other towns. I'll be back.
3	I thought the appetizers were better than the entrees here, but enjoyed my meal nonetheless. Great cocktail list, good service, beautiful patio with a nice view of Charlotte. I started my meal with a Carolina Caipiroska, which was a combination of muddled fresh berries. sugar, lemon juice and Absolut Citron. It was flavorful and perfect for enjoying on the patio! Next we got the cheese plate, which was quite tasty and featured a nice variety of cheeses. We got a bottle of Hollywood & Vine Cab to go with our meal, which was great. I definitely found a new favorite in this wine. The bf got the filet mignon, which was good, but at 40+ dollars it was extremely overcooked and, he felt, a bit small. My duck and the accompanying fois gras pierogi was also overcooked, and just okay. The flavors combined nicely but I didn't love the dish. In all, the meal was good, but not great. I'd go again, though, perhaps just for drinks, appetizers & dessert. Yay tokaji aszu on the dessert wine menu!
4	Our food was great and we had the time to enjoy it. This would be a five star if not for our waiter. His presentation of the food was over-wrought and he kept telling us our FUN our selections would be.  I've never though of a bowl of olives, a salad or am entree as "FUN" before.My other localvore comparisons is Knife & Fork in Spruce Pine, NC. frankly the food at knife & fork is much better and does not need "a swathe of buttermilk paint" to make it stand out.
4	I came here with my mom for a quick lunch after we visited the Mint Museum in Uptown Charlotte and boy was it a nice surprise!  Most the ingredients they use are local and are made on the premises.  Their home made butter was amazing, especially the one infused with sweet potato!  As far as the entrees, the portions definitely won't overwhelm you.  Their lunch menu was one of the most creative ones I had ever seen!  Salad with bacon, mustard caviar, with a side of blue cheese ice cream?  Crepes stuffed with mushroom and goat cheese?  Super inventive and delicious, and I wish I could have tried each entree.  It simply was not an option to leave without getting dessert, so we decided on the "coffee and doughnuts" which were tiny beignets in raspberry sauce with a side of a thick, dense custard creme with espresso, orange, and chocolate flavors.  I liked the creme more than I did the tiny beignets, although I wish they would have put more than 3 of those little doughnuts, as  the portions are definitely discouraged sharing (Get Yo Own Beignets!)  To top off the elegant fare, the lunch prices are reasonable for what you get (about $11 on average per entree) and the service was great.  Our waitress did not hesitate to make recommendations and ask us for feedback since they are still a new restaurant.  The decor on the inside paired excellently with their earthy theme as well, and the view from the patio had a nice view of Uptown Charlotte.If you are going to the mint or are looking for a dining experience I would definitely recommend a visit to Halcyon!
5	BEST BURGER I HAVE EVER HAD! Staff is great, place is super clean, and the view doesnt hurt. F'ing amazing!
4	I would argue that the meals are better than the appetizers. We had a few apps, and my party was tempted to jump, but when the main was served, I had an amazing grouper dish, we were glad we had stayed. The halcyon IPA was quite good too.
4	First, let me say that this is a very good restaurant! Food was tasty and flavorful. However, our only concern is the price you pay for what you get. Let me offer a comparison with the Harvest Moon Grille. Appetizers at Halcyon were excellent in flavor, but $14??? THAT is an expensive app. I had the Ribeye Spackle, which was the outer rim of the Ribeye, folded and stuffed with veggies and cheese. Very good, but waiter asked how I wanted it cooked, and I said "however the chef recommends." I wasn't expecting medium well/well done! I don't know, maybe it was an abberation. Again, flavors were there but execution was not quite what I expected. Desserts were good, but awfully expensive for what you got. Over $20? For those who love this place, I highly suggest you compare this against Harvest Moon Grille, which I believe is a better restaurant and a place where you get more for your money. And it's virtually right across from the Blumenthal Theatre.
3	I've eaten at Halcyon twice.  I really want to like this place.  It's very inviting with amazing decor and the service is great.  I love the farm-to-fork concept, as well.The presentation of the food is lovely; however, the flavors are too subtle.  You take a bite and wait for the burst, but alas, it stays tightly bundled up and never delivers.  I've found this to be the case with many dishes.  With that being said, it is obviously a very thoughtful menu.  Perhaps the food caters to a more delicate palette.Unless I was going to the museum, and with the price point, I'd rather not be bothered with driving into town, paying to park and be set up for disappointment again.
3	Love the concept, but the implementation still needs more work. My man made dinner resevations for my birthday here, attempting to combine my love of farm-to-table restaurants and the Charlotte museum distract. STRIKE 1 - When asked, the hostess refused to surprise me with a birthday dessert claiming that it was against restaurant policy. He didn't want any singing, clapping or any obvious display, just a dessert with maybe a candle. She didn't even offer an alternative solution. Anyways, when we arrived (looking smashing by the way), the hostess sat us behind a huge center piece island of a thing which blocked the view of the city. There were plenty of empty tables by the window but instead she sat us at a cramped 2 seater behind this huge thing. That was STRIKE 2. The food was ok. I had the gnocci's and scallops and he had the pork chops. The gnoccis lacked flavor I thought and the pork chops, rather tough. What we will both remeber is the pork belly tapas -- it was a small portion, but excellent. Now for STRIKE 3. For drinks I ordered the Cool Chihouly which is described as a "Strong coffee. Cruzan coconut rum. Godiva white chocolate liquer. Dash of house chocaolate ganache." I tasted no coffee, no rum, no Godiva liquer . . . just tasted the dash of chocolate and ice. No problem I thought. I'll simply tell the server I did not care for it and will ask for something else. It's my birthday afterall and I would like a drink. I order the Night at the Museum gin and tonic, but to my surprise, the server hands the drink to my boyfriend and says, "Well maybe he will like it and finish it for you," and then leaves. Weird. Ok, my man is not one to pass on a speciality drink so he takes a sip and doesn't like it for the same reason I don't. When the server returns, he makes it clear he doesn't want it and asks instead for a Jack and Coke.
2	Tut tut tut. Halcyon was one of the first "upscale" restaurants I adventured to when I moved to Charlotte last year. It was during the winter restaurant week so maybe that was why I was impressed with the extra effort in the food and the spot on service.My visit back to Halcyon recently, though, was less pleasant (and still equally expensive). I asked for the chef to whip up something vegan (as they have said in the past they're happy to do); it wasn't impressive: stewed tomatoes, a bland mixed bean  side and some roasted potatoes. The cool part, they were all from a local farm. The not cool part, that simple, small assortment of average cooked vegetables cost me $18.On top of mediocre super overpriced food, our server was not particularly attentive. It was a slow night but still somehow I ended up rarely getting water refills.I adore the atmosphere of Halcyon- and how conveniently located it is (I go to The Mint relatively often). I love their wine selection and their intent to try and incorporate local meat/dairy/produce. I just wish the food held up to the standard they claim to have.
2	Most disappointing meal I have experienced.   Don't waste your time.  6 Different dishes all bland, lacked seasoning.  Incredible bone-in double pork chop with absolutely no flavor.  Too much bacon in recipes.  Two unsuccessful attempts on quail.  Finally settled for cup of soup.  Not going back.  Simply don't deserve second chance; they just can't execute.  Too many good tapas choices in Charlotte.
4	Halcyon is a gem of a restaurant, perfect for the gourmand happy with great ingredients, creativity, execution and service. Beautiful room, gorgeous staff and a great break from the art exhibits in the same building.  The neighborhood architecture is beautiful, as is the park, across the street.  What is missing, is any trace of the old, pre-revolutionary, civil war structures, which have apparently been bulldozed by the banks.  Great for tourism!
4	Ooohh...la...la!  Walking out of the Mint Museum this place caught my eye and I was like, I have to go in here and check this place out.  Love the decor.  It's full of coral decorations as well as natural wood tables that give it a warm yet serene feel.  Time was short and I only was able to grab a quick cheese board and drink but I will certainly be back to try out the main dishes.  Really cool place and service was great.
3	I want to move in here!  Lol - love the decor and the cozy open kitchen.  The seating is plentiful with high-tops, huge tables and outside seating too!  A little on the pricey end for wine and food.  We had AWESOME but expensive Bloody Marys (their own house recipe they said!)  And we had the cheese tray - gorgeous presentation, farms all around North Carolina.  Love it!  Will definitely be back.  Super date place too!!  :-D
4	I really liked the space, decor and the concept. Our waiter was very helpful and knowledgable. We started with the roasted baby root vegetables with fried oysters and then had the NC Trout and loved it. Another person had the duck entree and said it was good but felt it needed something more on the plate. Ended with delicious creme brulee. Very pleasant experience. One gripe: our reservation was at 6:00pm and we were told about a "lamb two ways" special. When we ordered it (before 6:30) the waiter came back a few minutes later and said they had run out! Really?!? Be warned: some of the entrees are very expensive and the portions are reasonable, but not huge. It was delicious though, so I would definitely recommend.
4	Went back for lunch to try their in-house ground beef burger. Combo of short ribs and chuck (I believe). Because they grind it in-house, they can serve at ANY temperature, including "tare-tare" (raw) if you want it! My colleague LOVES his meats RARE, and ordered his burger RARE. He loved it. Me, I went for Medium, and it was perfectly cooked and very, very juicy and tasty! Also, they have GREAT fries! Very real potatoes, and they throw in a few sweet potato fries as well. Home made ketchup (a little sweeter than Heinz but yummy nonetheless). This was about $11.00, and well worth it. Met the chef too (Chef Marc), and he was asking how we liked the food. Nice touch.
5	Amazing combinations of out of the ordinary things and flavors, our server was very knowledgeable and attentive. A+ from beginning to end.
5	Hubster and I wanted a splurge date night, and after hearing about Halcyon since they opened, decided to give it a whirl. We're organic gardeners and big supporters of our local markets (go Atherton!), so it felt great to think about spending our hard-earned cash on a place that passes it on to our hard-working local farmers. We were *not* disappointed! Upon making our reservation, I indicated I would appreciate a vegan, gluten-free meal. (This was off-menu, as you might imagine.) I called to make sure the message had gotten to the chef, and when we arrived, our waiter (who was attentive but not overly so) let me know the chef was preparing a celery-root mash base with a kale and overnight-roasted tomato topping, a lovely, light sauce, and day lily tubers (?!). I then requested some additional rice for "heft," which they happily accommodated. I felt very well taken care of! (And, even better, we found out later that one of the line cooks prepared my entree AND is the farmer who grew most of the produce in it!)We started with wine (for me) and beer (for him), both fabulous, an appetizer of hummus and pickled veggies (for me) and pimento cheese and flatbread (for him), all amazing, and I had a local-greens salad with peanut vinaigrette and caramel popcorn "croutons." The greens turned out to be local kale and baby collards--totally raw--and were totally delicious.Our entrees were absolutely mouthwatering. Mine was perfect, and my husband took advantage of the evening's Shrimp & Grits special, which was perfect. Given the high-but-mixed reviews here, we were 100% pleased and will go back again in the hopes that round #2 is as good as round #1!
5	Loved this place. Went there for lunch. Had the Crepe with local mushrooms, holly grove chevre, truffle honey and balsamic dressing.  It was amazing.  Also had a great drink in the one of the chilled libations: the Pumpkin Potcheen (North Carolina moonshine/local pumpkin/mulling spices/topped with Blenheim's Ginger Ale).  Also had great bread served with blueberry butter. Very friendly service as well.
5	Never until now did I eat rare ground beef... Their burger was out of this world and knowing the grind everything fresh in house, made eating rare hamburger an experience I never thought I would enjoy.  Try it and you will love it!  What an amazing place with local fare!
5	Service, Food and decor are all 10's.  My client recommended this place for lunch, I ended up going back the same day for dinner.  Can't wait to visit it again on my next trip.
4	Stopped by here for drinks during my museum excursion. Impressed with the well though out drinks menu! "El Guapo" was mildly sweet, with a gentle hint of tequila and lemon - absolutely delicious! (I am on a tequila wave at the moment). Specialty drinks matched the exhibits. Definitely will try more of the menu next time I'm back museum-ing ;)
4	My boyfriend and I went here for dinner this past weekend and got small plates to share. We got the PB&J gazpacho, a salad with fried chicken added, the fried green tomatoes and the snack plate. Perfect for a lighter dinner on a hot night.
5	Everyone has mentioned the great decor and cool wood tables, so I won't gush about the lovely ambiance and great views.Onto the food! The first time I went here I went with a client and wasn't hungry so I just had the side salad that was A-MA-ZING! The dressing and inventive topping is always interesting. Whether its almond brittle or kettle corn, it's delicious and somehow works.  The greens are satisfying and just all around a great salad. Yes, I'm talking about a side salad. I also had the french onion soup (seasonal) which was fantastic.Another time we went for brunch/lunch while museum hopping and had an awesome sweet potato waffle and the burger. Personally, I seriously think it's the best burger in town. Juicy, perfectly pink, flavorful. It had fried green tomato, jalapeno cheddar and a chow relish that didn't sound good from the menu but my husband ordered it and it worked perfectly. YUM!  They also have a lot of locally grown stuff on the menu. Another time I brought my mother from the wine country here and even she was impressed.  I would definitely recommend this place, especially for out of towners. Well-executed southern gourmet and the best burger for lunch in town. (only comment is the dinner burger seemed expensive and had extra stuff I wouldn't want) Another nice surprise from the Something Classic folks. It's shocking that the people who brought the best vegetarian restaurant in town also has the best cow burger.
5	What a fantastic find - thank you, OpenTable!  A coworker and I checked this place out on Tuesday night and had a great experience - everything was top notch!The decor is just beautiful - I loved the fabrics, wood tables, chandeliers...everything!Our server was great!  He truly explained the menu, made recommendations and certainly didn't steer us wrong.And...the food!  So good...we shared the fried green tomatoes and the special tomato salad, each tried the trout and the pork special and shared the peach cobbler.  If I lived in Charlotte, I would go here often as it is that good!Thank you for a great evening!
5	I LOVE this restaurant. It's officially my favorite all time place to eat. I usually get the same thing everytime but I don't care it's seriously the freshest best food I've ever eaten.
4	We had a very pleasant lunch here not too long ago. The restaurant is located in a space rented from The Mint Museum Uptown and is fairly swank but didn't seem at all stuffy (by 2:30, when we got there, the lunch crowd had mostly dispersed). We sat on the patio looking out over a plaza to Tryon St. and had a good 'people-watching' perch. I had a BPM sandwich (TN bacon, pimento cheese spread, watercress and fries) and my wife had a City Limit salad with shrimp. The food and service (I think it was Drew) were excellent.
3	The atmosphere is beautiful - high ceilings, large portrait windows, and beautiful chairs, and wooden tables.    This is a great place to celebrate a special occasion or date night.  What this place is not - is it's not a place to go with a large group.  Came here with 12 people.  It took a very long time to get our food - waited about 60 minutes.   When my fried quail arrived it was barely warm and not crunchy.  I guess it sat a bit, as the other dishes were being prepared.    I also tried the Tennessee Rib Eye..it was ordered medium rare, but came medium..and it needed more salt.   People that ordered the pork and chicken were licking the bones!  So, I guess it depends on what you order.
2	just returned and feeling rather crappy now. short review, although i might return to try some other dishes its 2 stars at the most.gorgeous atmosphere, great design inside, unfortunately not much of a view but still very nice.service, very good, waiter was attentive although a bit sheepish and seemed like he was new, but still very nice. now on to the part that matters: food:fried tomatoes, not bad, clam dish, horrible, not sure if they were actually fresh tasted a bit too much like 4 day old ocean, where was the lamb sausage they spoke of? couldn't find much in that brothduck, probably the worst thing ive had in a long time, reminded me of a $7 duck dish youd find in a shitty chinatown restaurant. bland, boiled, no flavor, some rice, yuck. ifi had had a temper id have sent that and the clams back. btu the waiter was nice and it was a date and why scare the chick away.suffice to say, might return for something a little less complicated that the kitchen couldnt f*ck up, like steak.
4	Was meeting my aunt for my early birthday lunch (woohoo!). I got a bit turned around because I had no idea it was Pride day, or weekend. So I called the restaurant and asked them for directions. Whomever picked up the phone was very helpful and got me to the location quickly. We arrived an hour after opening and with the festival going on it was empty. By empty I mean we were the only people in the restaurant, which I think is awesome. What was not so awesome was how the stage was right by the restaurant so I could barely hear God awful pop music throughout our meal. Like everyone else has said, its a beautiful restaurant. The wood tables are stunning, the chandeliers are really neat. It has a very tranquil feeling. We ordered the snack board and it came out promptly. The black bean hummus was better than I expected, very smooth. The pimento cheese was very flavorful with a bit of spice on the back end but was a bit dry. The dryness was only annoying because it was crumbly and kept rolling off my pita.  Deviled eggs were good, a bit standard but the yolk was creamy and the mustard caviar was a nice touch. My entree consisted of two South Carolina buckwheat Johnnycakes with a peach bourbon syrup, paired with livermush and a side order of grits. Growing up in the south I know all about livermush but had never consumed it. So I wanted to be proper south. The Johnnycakes were huge and a bit burnt, which I loved. I loved that they did not drown them in the peach bourbon syrup, even though the syrup was great I hate soggy food. I took a stab at the livermush and I did not enjoy it. It was just to weird for me, my aunt said I would either love or hate it. Our waiter was quick to get me some bacon which he coined "Old reliable". It was cut thick with a nice smokey flavor. I do have to say the grits were my favorite part of my meal. For me, grits usually suck. They are either to watery or to dry, or taste like Quaker oats instant. These were creamy, rice and had a nice thick texture. I destroyed them. I left extremely full and on the way out the door my aunt asks "So when are we coming back?". I guess you could say we are fans.
5	Aside from the full name (Halcyon Flavors from the Earth? It sounds like a chapter in "Lord of the Rings") this place is a sophisticated and delightful addition to the Charlotte dining scene.  My go-to place in town is Soul Gastrolounge... Halcyon is a step up, in both quality and price point, and a gorgeous space for a date night. It's in the new Mint Museum (there's parking underground); and it's smaller than you'd expect. A smattering of tables around the room and several bars that overlook the kitchen. Several of the tables are made of big slabs of varnished tree wood... just beautiful. At dinner we started with 2 cocktails: bourbon with maple syrup and bacon (awesome, though don't forget to stir before you sip); and gin with arugula and black pepper. I'm an arugula freak so this should have been right up my alley - but it needed something sweet or citrusy to balance all that bite. Don't get me wrong, I finished it, but it was what I'd call a "sipper." Among the appetizers you MUST get the country ham skillet cornbread with blackberry butter. I want this for breakfast every day. I love to share plates so we started with the cornbread, then shared the "Snack board" - boiled peanut hummus, deviled eggs, homemade pickles, pimento cheese with bacon marmalade, and some kind of blackbean spread.  At $17 it's a pricey appetizer but frankly you could JUST have this followed by one entree and leave perfectly sated. All the options were winners except the black beans, which tasted vaguely like Mexican refried beans.  I've had something similar (eerily similar in fact, at Empire State South in Atlanta: http://www.eattalk.net/2012/08/postcard-from-atlanta.html#.UE5TxlSJ9Mo) only Halycon was much more even-handed with the salt, and I appreciated the thin flatbread that came with the dips.After the snacks, the salad. Given the season I opted for the tomato salad, simply dressed and tossed with herbs and fried bread. Delicious.They have several interesting entree options but we split the Market hog - whatever cut of pork the chef is in the mood for that night. Ours was a pork chop grilled medium, served with french toast stuffed with peach compote and some kind of cheese (marscapone? ricotta?). I expected something a little more refined... it was literally a serving of stuffed french toast. Huge. Tasty, to be sure, but a ton of food... and the pork chop was the size of my face. Didn't stop us from ordering dessert, though! a peach-blueberry cobbler that they wanted to serve a la mode with spiced orange ice cream but spiced orange ice cream just seemed WRONG with that kind of cobbler. I opted for whipped cream and a frankly STUNNING cup of coffee. This place is great. A Must-Do in Charlotte.-erinwww.eatTALK.net
5	I'm sad I didn't eat here more. Yet a life without regrets is a life reflected upon dishonestly. Meatloaf - great. Soft and moist with great flavor.Burger - Probs better than the mimosa grill one and therefore better than probably everywhere else in town.Cornbread - Pretty good, the pork is a little salty so if you pick it out (like my veggie girlfriend does) it's sort of hard to eat. But if you eat it with the cornbread it works just fine.Trout - Real clean and light tasting. Great summer lunch.
4	Each time I have come for a lazy Sunday brunch, it's been amazing. The food has so much flavor and the service is great. They re-do the menu often and it's just brilliant.
5	FRESH, Local Foods, Excellent Staff and great cocktails !!!
5	We started with the cheese platter and beef tartare.  Both were very tasty but I think the cheese platter was my favorite.  The two of those were plenty for two people to share as an appetizer.  For my meal I had the duck and it was cooked to perfection.  I took the chefs recommendation and had it cooked medium.  Our server was amazing and knowledgeable.  My only regret is that I didn't save time (had to make a show) for dessert because they all sound great.
4	The food is solid and the atmosphere is perfect for a romantic dinner or a corporate dinner.  Servers are knowledgeable about the food and wine.Not much needs to be said about this place.  Decent price for the high quality food.
5	Fresh. Local. Healthy. Inspiring. From the Earth to your table. Welcome to Halcyon. I had to look it up too. It's a type of bird. When I first visited this place, it had not see. I'll developed a lunch menu with pricing the was in the window with other restaurants around. I am glad that has changed since my last visit. Located above the Mint Museum gift shop, what awaits is an explosion of flavor and simplicity. The burger is fantastic. On my latest trip, I had duck. Amazing. I would make a recommendation to you but the ingredients are seasonal. Not a bad way to spend a lunch. The atmosphere is rustic chic. I feel at home. The atmosphere is just like the menu. Cutting Edge with down to earth ingredients. A must for your next uptown food adventure.
5	We had a wonderful dinner and service was great with Dylan.  We started off with the cheese plate for 2 which was the most perfect start to our delicious dinner and the Alore Amore cocktail.  The drinks on the Libations menu are outstanding and very interesting - I wanted to try them all but that would not have been a good idea!  For dinner I had the fresh grouper served with black risotto, grilled bok choy and pearl onions and my husband had the 10 oz bone-in pork chop serves with brussel sprouts and sweet potatoes.  We didn't have time for dessert as we had plans to see the Nutcracker but we cannot wait to go back and try out their desserts.  We were thoroughly impressed by the food and service and we look forward to going back and would highly recommend this as a great place to have a pleasant dinner!!
5	What a wonderful restaurant! This is a hidden treasure in uptown Charlotte. Wonderful atmosphere with incredible food. The staff has always been just wonderful, especially Adam with his sharp wit and spot on conversation. The pork-based fare is definitely recommended as is the cheese platter.  Don't pass up the Bloody Mary's if you're inclined to alcoholic beverages.I love the open feeling of the windows and uptown at my fingertips.The local fare idea is very attractive and the staff uses this to their perfect advantage. Not too over trendy. Just good food, good mood, good location.
4	It's a great place to eat, a little pricey on the entrees, but quality is very good.
4	Our second visit to this beautiful restaurant at The Mint proved even better than last year's very fine meal. A refined urban atmosphere, offering farm-to-table creations that will surprise and delight.We enjoyed the "Country Calamari," crispy fried pigs ears with a slightly sweet and pleasantly sticky KY bourbon glaze over well-seasoned Kimchi fried rice. The Shishito peppers were nicely flash fried and salted (could have been just  tad crunchier), and the cornbread, served in a little cast iron skillet, was moist, sweet, and just a touch spicy with its Tobasco sorghum glaze. All three appetizers were shared among the four of us, and all were delightful.The bronzed scallop with crispy kale was perfectly prepared. The Pork 'n greens -- pork belly with brussels sprout petals, bacon and hazelnut-maple mustard -- was perfectly crispy and rich. Service was professional, friendly and very knowledgeable. All in all, an outstanding evening in the Queen City!
5	We were grateful Halycon was not participating in Restaurant Week and decided to make our second visit.  As others have stated, the decor is very cool with chandeliers made of branches and tables that look like elegant tree trunks.  You can't beat the view of the city at night, and I'm sure the outdoor dining would be great in good weather.We decided on a pork belly and Brussels sprouts appetizer.  At $10, it was a steal considering the size and flavor.  You can never go wrong with pork belly, and the sprouts were a tangy, vinegary surprise.  Even though we were trying not to get full before dinner, we ate the whole thing.  Since you can also never have too much pork belly, my fella got the burger for dinner.  We thought there was no way the burger could live up to the hype... but we were so glad to be wrong!  The bun was sweet - almost donut-esque - and the pork belly/beef were just the right balance of salt.  The bacon marmalade was smoky and creamy, and the cheese made the entire dish.  It almost doesn't seem right to call this just a burger, so I'm gonna call it a work of culinary art.  I got the fire-roasted chicken, which was fall off the bone tender, and the greens, sweet potatoes and farro balanced it out nicely.  I ate all of it plus a bite of the burger.  Oh, and some of the fries with homemade (cinnamon-y?) sweet ketchup.  Nom nom nom.Needless to say, we were too full for dessert!  I should note that our server was very fun and personable.  He made a couple of mistakes (forgot a beer we ordered, messed up the check), but he was so apologetic and nice that it was easily overlooked.  I can't recommend Halycon enough!
5	Of all my CLT dining experiences, I think this one rates as #1 so far.  This was quality everything from start to finish.  When you walk into Halcyon, my first impression was sophisticated elegance, but not in a stuffy, formal kind of way.  The food was A+ all the way - the crispy pig ears, the pork belly app, the pork tenderloin entree, the desserts... everything was delicious.  I could tell the quality of the ingredients was top notch and the preparation was excellent.The wine list was very thoughtful - one of the few restaurants that seemed to get the connection between wine and food, that if a good dish is paired well, it becomes great. When I rate restaurants, I look for "harmony" which I define as the combination of food, wine, service and atmosphere... for a restaurant to have it, everything needs to come together, whether it is a hole in the wall or fine dining, and nothing is out of synch.  Halcyon has harmony.
3	Check out my full review at:http://trifoodiemd.blogspot.com/2013/02/halcyon-flavors-from-earth.htmlThe restaurant itself is beautifully decorated.  It's a cozy place in the heart of Uptown.  The entrees are quite small, and you would likely want two selections for a full meal several shared as tapas with a group.  If you are looking for a farm-to-table philosophy with excellent service, Halcyon is your destination.
5	Halcyon was ridonkulous.  Absolutely the best meal and best overall 'meal experience' I've had in Charlotte since I moved here from New York two years ago.  I took my partner to Sunday brunch.  Started out good with ample parking (5$ but whatever!) in the deck across the street and no wait.  When we arrived we were welcomed by the friendly hosts and seated immediately at a very comfortable table. And gosh, the ambiance of this place!  So many lovely details - the cutlery, the huge windows and all the light they let in, the nest chandeliers, etc etc.Our server, Kyle, was excellent - so friendly, gracious, and knowledgeable about the menu and ingredients. I had shrimp in dashi broth with kimchi rice grits - butterbeans, brussels sprouts... with dashi and kimchi?!  Ridiculous!  But soooo good!  The wife had eggs benedict with lamb sausage.  We also indulged in tea cakes and a cheese plate, both spectacular.  The makers cocktail with bacon also blew our minds.  Finally, we had the chocolate spongecake with raspberry and chocolate ganache to share - sounds ordinary but it was out of this world!  I am dying to go back to try the grits bowl and the beet and goat cheesecake!  Can't wait to return to this gem.
5	Food was amazing. Dining room was gorgeous. Those were kind of expected. The delightful surprise was Adam. Let me just sum it up this way--Best. Server. Ever. Period.
4	Beautiful inside, excellent service, and inventive food.  Went for brunch and had the buckwheat crepes, shepard's benedict, and beet cheesecake.  Even the cocktails were neat.  High quality & good flavors.  A comfortable, upscale place.
3	This place is gorgeous.  Big windows, clean lines and rustic polished wood tables and wooden serving plates and bowls. Love farm-to-table.  Even the flatware is rustic, very "from the Earth".  The reason for the 3 stars versus 4 or 5 is the spotty service and food. Depending on who is at the host/hostess stand, the welcome will range from indifferent to lukewarm.  I get this vibe from most of the servers too.  Minus points. The food itself ranges from yum to unmemorable, and it too varies in consistency.  Shrimp and grits, a nice contemporary adaptation with spring vegetables and broth, but it was so salty, I couldn't finish.  Then, the basic salad of cucumbers and beets and buttermilk vinaigrette was so under seasoned, I wished for a salt shaker.  I've had the burger twice, and again, depending on who is on the line, a medium burger can sometimes come out pink in the center, while today, it came our well-done.  Their interpretation of the eggs benedict sounds so appetizing!  Lamb sausage, overnight tomato!  Goat cheese!  Duck fat hash!  But sadly enough, the lamb was tough.  The chevre spread so thin, it couldn't be tasted.  The hash was almost translucent, with no browning or seasoning.  The housemade ketchup though really is stellar. I'm told the freshness and honey are what make it stand out from Heinz. The servers really run the gamut.  From today's server who forgot our iced teas and also forgot to put in our dessert order to such an attentive server we never went a minute without our teas being 3/4ths full. I'd love to see Halcyon succeed, and perhaps it's beautiful location overlooking S. Tryon, and it's business clientele is enough.  But in order to really stand out as a go-to restaurant guests will want to frequent time and time again...more of an effort in service and tweaking details of the food itself need to happen.
1	I have a severe life threatening nut allergy; I routinely advise the waitstaff of this and ask them to warn me if I order anything containing nuts,or nut oils.  Although I told our waiter at Halcyon all of this, he served me a salad with a popcorn garnish which contained nut fragments.  I immediately became sick.  Not only was my health put at risk, my husband and I had to cancel our evening and I spent the better part of the next day in bed recovering.  And what did Halcyon management do?  Nothing other than to casually say so sorry and can we call you an ambulance?  I have never been treated with such indifference!  For a foodie restaurant they seem to be in love with their food but don't seem to care about their patrons.
5	Hard not to give this place a good review. I  saved this spot for a special occasion and couldn't be happier... Maggie made a fresh cocktail at the bar using lemon juice and egg whites.Christina offered great suggestions, including the pork belly, the egg plant humus and deviled eggs (are you kidding me!) and the great wine list. Russian River wines never disappoint.Every dish seemed to have great contrast: whether it was sweet and vinegary, crispy and rich, or savory and tart.Attention to detail elevated this restaurant. It deserves to be in the Mint museum of art. Northerners and Foodies take notice.
5	I went here before going to see Wicked last week. The view is fabulous. Outdoor seating was very well kept and pretty (though it was too cold to be outdoors this time of year). Inside the place is beautiful with a rustic feel. Great place for pictures before or after your meal. Servers were very polite and knowledgeable about the menu. I loved that everything on the menu is made or grown locally. Our dinner was great!  If you like hot, I recommend the pepper appetizer.
4	High end restaurant in Uptown attached to Mint Museum (downtown for visitors).Excellent, innovative dishes.  Attractive menu layout allows for shared plates.  Interesting wine list.  Servers are extremely well versed in the product and service was excellent.Dined there Apr '13 and recommend the pork belly w greens.Expensive but matches the price points.
5	Everything about our meal at Halcyon was wonderful. The waiter had an encyclopedic knowledge of the wines both on and off the menu, and all his food recommendations were on point. We shared various plates - the more memorable selections were the cornbread, cheeses and lamb. The tomato soup was the only 'miss' to the experience, but hardly worth the mention. The rustic farm to plate selections matched the gentleman farmer decor and I can't wait to return.
2	This is definitely a culinary experience as they are looking to combine unique, local favors together in their dishes. Personally, I love trying new foods and favors- but this was a miss for me. Not worth the price. Although I would recommend maybe a drink and their snack board on the outdoor patio. Be prepared to shell out some major cash for the wine list though.
4	This is a little quaint cafe/bar spot that has a lot to offer.  Unfortunately, my review is specifically going to cover only the atmosphere and alcohol.  I havent had a chance to eat here just yet but I have only heard good things.  All local foods and farms used here and my buddy lives and dies by their salads. The wine menu is rather extensive but I personally think that the beer seclection is excellent.  Tons of local crafts and all of the other usual domestics and imports.  Can't go wrong.  The atmosphere is what I dig most.  The outdoor patio/balcony seating is the prime spot. Beautiful views of the park and mint museum... Perfect for catching a breeze and people watching!  Best time for arriving.. Right after work because lunch can get a little busy.  But, it's perfect for an after work drink or two or five.  Give it a shot.Enjoy!-Ian M.
2	Although it's in a great location and I liked the decor the service was not good (extremely slow, never checked back on us to refill water or pour any more of our wine, not knowledgable about the wine list), the food took at least 45 minutes to come out and it was overpriced for what we got. Because our food took so long to come out and we were close to being late for a show we were attending the Manager took 50% off of our food bill. Kudos to her for handling it well, but I was still so unimpressed that I won't return.
5	Strange location - Awesome Food.  I was in Charlotte on business and always like to eat local when I travel.  Read reviews and made a reservation.  They change their menu all the time so I had the  Charred Octopus(I said surprise me with the appy I was surprised and it was awesome )  and pastrami rubbed short ribs.  Everything was awesome.  If I am ever back I will visit again.  Funny I could not find the place since there is no sign outside and its on the second floor.  I was looking around and saw someone in Cook Whites with the word Halcyon so I asked the beautifully sleeved man where the place was.  He told me (found out that it was Mark)  Nice eye candy to boot.  Eat here,  NYC taste and quality in NC.  My server Andrew was also awesome  Superb wine list
5	Food and wine selection is excellent here.  Menu provides strong options for appetizers, salads and mezze.  Selecting a salad and an appetizer makes for a great meal before a show and the waiters are happy to accomodate this - no pressure to over-order.  Entrees are great, all food locally sourced as much as possible.  Wines are reasonably priced for the quality.Service is a big differentiator at Halcyon - it is consistently excellent.  We had a deadline for our most recent meal and made it with plenty of time to spare, but never felt rushed.  This may be my favorite restaurant in Charlotte.
4	With a name like Halcyon Flavors from the Earth, I wasn't sure what I was getting into, but color me impressed!After a tour of the Mint Museum next door, I had worked up an appetite and the desire to sit down and reflect quietly for a bit.  What a beautiful space!  With a large wall painted a Carolina blue with white birds silhouetted, neutral-nature upholstered comfy chairs paired with wooden tables, some of which looked like they were cross-sections of large trees, along with the chandeliers made of soft lighting and branches... wow.  They also had exterior patio seating with beautiful views of uptown Charlotte.  I really was wowed by the space itself and was looking forward to my lunch. My waiter, I believe he said his name was Noah, was polite and helpful.  I asked him for his suggestions and went with his first suggestion of a Monte Carlo, which was an open-faced sandwich of custard soaked brioche, topped with cheddar cheese, BBQ and cole slaw, and served with house-made fries.  Noah was quickly over-sat with the uptown lunch time crowd and did his best to keep up but I rarely saw him once my order was placed - he seemed to be working twice as many tables (indoor and outdoor) as the other 2 waiters that I saw.The sandwich was quite good (I have added photos of the sandwich and the fries).  The cole slaw was creamy without being drenched and the BBQ was well flavored.  It was a bit of a mess to eat, so if you are on a date or with your boss, I would pick something a little neater.  The fries were delicious and the house-made ketchup was sweet and subtle, letting the taste of the fries come through.  My total for water and sandwich/fries was just over $14, so by no means a crazy-expensive lunch, and well worth it to enjoy the restaurant itself.  Had it been a slightly cooler day out instead of a late-June mid-80's, the patio seating would be wonderful, though this time of year, the seating along the railing was full sun and I imagine a little warm.Should I find myself at this end of Charlotte again, I would not hesitate to stop at Halcyon for a meal.
4	Good food and drinks.  Great service!  We will be back!
4	A truly fantastic dining experience! We chose Halcyon for my birthday brunch and anxiously awaited our reservation.Parking and getting to it is a breeze which is really nice considering its location could have proved to be tricky.The atmosphere is amazing! The decor is earthy yet minimal and modern letting the view take the lead.  There is a water feature in the middle of the restaurant and soft music playing to set the mood.Our server started off really strong but got overwhelmed as it got busier and he couldn't handle it.  He was knowledgable about the menu even going so far as to tell us the honey drizzle on the blue cheese was from the bees atop the Ritz Carlton! Nice touch!We started off with the trio of cheeses served with fresh fruit, different jams and the aforementioned honey, shared the Farmers salad ( strawberries and toasted biscuit with a white chocolate vinaigrette!) and then I ordered the banana pecan French toast and my partner ordered the Shepherds Benedict.  Portions are large and hearty, most people could probably share one entree but it was nice to have a fine dining experience with oversized portions.  We were starving! The flavors and execution are beyond reproach and this will be our nice brunch spot from here on out.Truly a lovely and relaxing way to start our day in the amazing Queen City and a fantastic start to my birthday!
3	I was in Uptown Charlotte for a few days with work and found this place on yelp. After scanning the reviews and the menu, I decided to give it a try. The location is convenient and I was able to park on the street out front for free. The restaurant is located just inside a museum and this is pretty neat. Inside, the decor and ambiance is really warm and welcoming. I was a little under the weather, so no drinks for me, but the cocktails list did have a few options that sounded intriguing (bacon infused bourbon). For food, I toyed with getting the burger, but ultimately settled on the soup of the day and the restaurants take on shrimp and grits. The soup was a duck confit minestrone which sounded delicious. The soup arrived in what amounted to a small sized tea cup. I'd estimate most people could down this portion in 4-5 gulps. The soup itself was very flavorful and satisfying. No complaints there. For the price, I guess that's ok, but to me the portion was about half of what it could be. Soup ingredients are not that pricey after all. For my "main" course, I decided against a larger entree and ordered the shrimp and grits off the small plate section. The grits were billed as kimchee fried rice grits with seasonal vegetables and a fried egg, which sounded awesome. The plate arrived, and I was surprised to see a much larger portion than I expected based on the prior soup offering. The plate included 3 good sized shrimp and the vegetables included mushrooms, Brussels sprout leaves, green beans, black eyed peas, and some other stuff. All of the ingredients looked beautiful and fresh. For some reason, this dish fell flat for me. Some of the individual items had great flavor (shrimp were excellent), but the composed dish just seemed off to my pallet (and I love kim chee). I wouldn't say it was bad, just not what I was expecting it to taste like based on the description. The waitress said it was one of their more popular items, so take my opinion fwiw. Overall, I was glad I stopped in but I was not blown away. Service was quick and attentive. The prices are typical for a high end restaurant and many of the other menu items sounded really tasty. Maybe I'll give some other items a try the next time I'm in the area.
5	I dined here this past Sunday with my husband and 2 friends and we all loved our food and the service was excellent.  We were seated immediately and they brought us some small biscuits to eat as we decided what to order.  I ordered the banana pecan French toast and my husband got the shrimp and rice grits.  We shared both dishes half and half.  The food came out pretty quickly and both dishes were terrific.  If I had to choose a winner, I would pick the banana pecan french toast.  It was simply divine.  The prices are a little on the high side, but you have to remember that this restaurant uses farm fresh and local/some organic ingredients  so you get what you pay for - and the service is terrific.  5 stars.
4	Real good beer selection. A lot of local brewery beers served in a great location.  Worth the trip.
4	Interesting, more fish & vegan dishes please!
3	Decor is great.  Very relaxing and inviting.  Went for lunch during the work day (1-2p).  We were seated right away but then no sign of the waiter.  We waited some more...finally someone shows up and says that he isn't our waiter, but he can get our drink orders if we want.  We ordered food as well.  We waited some more....  Our water glasses got low and were occasionally refilled.  We received our food, from who I think is supposed to be our waitress (not sure since we never see her again).  The bill was delivered by what my fellow diner thought was supposed to be our waiter.  We waited some more to have our check taken.  I was late to my 2pm meeting.  Not sure why the slow service.  The were not terribly busy.  We were one of 5 tables filled.The food was delicious.  I had the burger and my fellow diner had the Bahn Mi.  We thoroughly enjoyed both.  Not sure I would ever go there again.  I may try the Bahn Mi to go.
4	We enjoyed our meal.  Fresh, interesting menu.  Small plates were great! We had squash blossoms and smoked trout.  They all sounded great, next time we may just stick with those.  Our entres of branizo and rabbit were equally good though.  It's a tough choice!
4	This place has an excellent brunch. I usually like brunch buffets, but the food is so good here that I gladly make an exception. I had the grit bowl with shrimp, mushrooms and greens. It is the best shrimp and grits in the city. The ingredients are sooo fresh. Sit on the patio for a great view of uptown.  The decor inside is also fabulous, it's very chic.
1	Terrible service, I was there yesterday around 3:30pm after visiting the museum. It took at least 10 mins to have someone ask what I wanted to drink, 10 more to get a coffee and 10 more minutes to get sugar after I asked for it. I was never asked if I wanted to have something to eat, the place was not full there were only 4 busy tables including mine : 2 people in 2 of them and a lady on the other table.  2 waiters busy cleaning up tables, and a not very friendly hostess. I was starting to feel bad about being ignored until the person sitting at the table behind me stood up and screamed "the service in this place is horrible" and walked away. I finished my coffee, paid for it and left HUNGRY!The place is beautiful, the location great, very nice views of the city and a spacious terrace but service is bad and unfortunately I cannot comment on the food because I did not have a chance to try it. Coffee was OK.
4	Locally sourced ingredients, creative menu, one of uptowns best cocktails menus, and a beautiful location make this one of uptowns best restaurants.I had the tomato tart for an appetizer and the rabbit for dinner. Both were very flavorful without being over seasoned. My cocktail had arugula and black pepper... I would definitely order it again.
5	Halcyon is great for cocktails (and maybe even apps) but can be pricey if you're having drinks, apps, entrees and dessert - so have your wallet stuffed and ready. All of their dishes are made from locally sourced produce, including the drinks. You will be surprised at some of the ingredients listed for the drinks, but will certainly enjoy whatever you order. Had a burger for lunch, which was tasty (but just a burger really). The cheese platter and chicken & collards soup were good appetizers to share while having mid-afternoon drinks and visiting the Mint. Give it a try and you're sure to be impressed with their creative & eclectic menu!
4	Farm to table is a hot concept right now, and this place does not disappoint. Locally fresh ingredients and a nice drink menu make this place a must try within the city.We started with the scallop & belly, sausge with beans / bacon and the greens in phyllo.  The scallops were cooked perfectly with a nice sear on either side.  The belly was a large portion for an app and was very delicious. The greens in phyllo was also very flaky and flavorful. The sausage dish was like a great comfort dish, very warm and filling.For dinner, we split the NC flounder which was flaky, flavorful and a lighter way to finish off this meal.No room for dessert, although some of the choices looked amazing. Will be going back during another visit to Charlotte.
4	The service was awesome, enjoyed the food and the.atmosphere was beautiful
4	The view...sitting outside, service and food was amazing! I had the trout salad which was great! Drinks good and different and I had a spikes push pop! Yum!
2	I hate giving restaurants bad reviews based on one experience, but on the particular day i went Halcyon earned a rating of "I've experienced better."The restaurant is located in the Mint Museum Uptown building, and the interior is beautiful. Ridiculously high ceiling, beautiful chairs and tables, huge windows. The prices on the interesting menu reflect all of this. Unfortunately the quality of the food itself did not justify the price.I decided to order a cocktail and had to ask my waiter what happened to it when our food came before it. My friend had the trout salad, which we both thought needed something acidic to brighten it up. I had the elevated BLT: pork belly, lettuce, and fried green tomatoes with pimento cheese on a thick slice of brioche. I was surprised when it came out that it was served open faced rather than as a sandwich and this made it difficult to eat because it was hard to get all of the components together on a single fork. The brioche itself was cut so thick that I would have trouble fitting that alone in my mouth. But that was the least of my problems. One of the three pieces of pork was dramatically overcooked. Clearly and obviously so. I was shocked that the chef would let it out of the kitchen on an open faced sandwich where it was just staring at me. I asked the waiter to get a replacement and he said he would gladly take care of it. As I was waiting, I found a hair in my cheese. No big deal for me actually, but on top of everything else it just continued the downward spiral. To their credit, a replacement was brought out with what had to be the biggest piece of pork belly in the restaurant on it. And the manager brought the dish out and assured me that the dish would be comped. Kudos for that, but the whole dish was ill-conceived and poorly executed.Sadly, my noontime cocktail was the highlight of my meal at Halcyon. "Some Pig" = Benton's Bacon Fat-Washed Maker's 46. Orange Bitters. Maple Syrup. Kosher Salt. For $13 it had better be good, and it was.A final note: despite the beautiful setting, the toilet in the bathroom was disgusting. Since I at before noon on Saturday, it had clearly not been cleaned from the night before, though someone had obviously replenished the paper towels in there.
5	WONDERFUL! Beautiful setting, great service, and the food is exceptional. Butternut squash soup, phylo vegetables plate, then scallop and belly. YUM! Truly fantastic! Believe the reviews: Halcyon is absolutely the place to dine. Chris was my waiter and he was attentive,vkind, knowledgeable and helpful.
5	Wow, my experience at Halcyon really exceeded my expectations! After a visit to the Bechtler Museum on Friday, we decided to pop in to enjoy a late lunch.  The decor is awesome - earthy but upscale and the atmosphere is nice, but not overly stuffy or pretentious.  Our server started us out with water and a flavored popcorn that was savory and oddly addictive. I don't remember what the spices were, but the flavor reminded me of some sort of curry.  Yum. I ordered the Poultry Junction Chicken (roasted chicken that was served on grit rice risotto w/ seasonal succotash & malabar spinach - $14) and my dining companion ordered the Duck Confit (on focaccia w/ cranberry marmalade, pomegranate, greens and sweet potato crisps - $14).  Both dishes were beautiful and absolutely delightful! After our entrees, we decided we needed a little pick-me-up, so we both ordered cappuccinos (I think these were around $6).  They were served in enormous cups and were delightful.  Then, we splurged and ordered a hazelnut yule log dessert with a cherry root beer sorbet to share (around $8)... it was delish! The food was great, the service was great, and you can't beat the beautiful view. I will definitely be back!
4	Beautiful locationFriendly serversFresh flavorsHalcyon is on the second floor of the Mint museum and has lovely views of Tryon st.  The decor is contemporary with some warm elements of wood (which I felt was well done).  I ordered the salad with phyllo and the daily special -- rabbit sausage sandwich.  Food was well cooked and fresh tasting but perhaps under seasoned. I also had their fresh squeezed orange juice (which was fantastic). I was one of only 2-3 other tables and the service and attention was appreciated. I would come here again but not power walk or run here as I'm really not sure what I crave there or would order (although it would definitely not be the same as my first meal). In summary: atmosphere/location great, food good/not memorable, service great.
4	very nice place. I had the omelet which I would say was rather dry and i could make better at home. but all the other  meals were really nice. We started with the spread plate to share and that was really nice. The girls had the egg Benedict and Jay had duck and it was also great. The iced teas were really tasty and the desert which I had the cheese cake was very good. I would  have liked more syrup but it was still really good . We went for Sunday brunch and I would like to try dinner. Make sure you make a reservation as it does tend to get busy
5	Halcyon is one of the coolest, most eclectic spots in all of Charlotte.  While it's bit pricey, it is well worth it.  The atmosphere here is one of my favorite parts of it.  There are walls of windows looking out over uptown Charlotte.  The dining room is small and open.  It's nice, but very casual and earthy.  I love the tables, they are made of what looks like huge thinly cut tree stumps.  That is probably giving you a very weird visual, but it'll make sense once you see them.  You also have the Mint Museum right there and you don't even have to walk outside to go to it.The cocktail menu is the most unique list you will find anywhere.  You'll see all kinds of original concoctions that are created by the on-staff mixologist who is basically a genius.  For food, there are lots of offerings that you won't find at many restaurants (rabbit sausage anyone?) as well as some Southern classics like shrimp and grits.  The most recent dish I had there was the duck confit.  It was truly outstanding.  Fresh ingredients, tender meat, and loaded with flavor.  If Halcyon is not on your short list of places to try, go ahead and put it on there, stat.
5	New to area and tried here for lunch. Great food and friendly staff. Burger was amazing, cheese plate was an excellent selection, good wine choices, and wonderful desserts.  Looking forward to coming back again when in the vicinity.
2	I went here with a group of 11 people for my friend's birthday.  They did a good job at accommodating a large group, and the food was enjoyable.  The restaurant was not very busy on this Friday night, and our waiter knew the menu very well.  What was disappointing was our waiter's reaction to the fact that we all did not want a four-course meal.  When a few of us split a variety of small plates, his reaction was blatant disappointment and almost utter-shock.  It was very obnoxious.  Every single person at the table ordered at least two appetizers to split or an entree, as well as cocktails.  After ordering, we did not see our waiter for a while. Moreover, every single person I was with works for a large corporation based in the city.  Most of us get to select or suggest restaurants for work dinners.  Needless to say, Halcyon did not make it to the top of our list.  Treating a patron as if they are not ordering enough or their lack of spending is a disappointment keeps them from returning regardless of how good the food is.
4	Great ambiance, great view of Charlotte and excellent food! Save room for dessert, the french toast with chocolate gelato was amazing!
3	The downpour did not stop us from heading downtown and finding a farm to table restaurant for my friend coming from Raleigh.  Tricia wanted a vegetarian option so she found Halcyon on the website.  Unfortunately when we arrived they had changed their menu (which is great based on what is available and seasonal, but it did not coincide with their website menu. That being said the service and the wine was spectacular.  The server knew his wine and presentation was perfect.  The decor has always been intriguing to me whenever I have passed by to experience the Mint Museum.  What we found out last night is that the owner made the tables from fallen oak trees that came down in the yard.  They are gorgeous and make the experience great!
5	Wow, went to Halcyon while in town for a convention, and wanted a quality dinner: definitely found it!  I had the choucrote paired with a local IPA from a growler, and despite the modern surroundings felt like I could have been sitting down for dinner with an Alsatian farmer.  (The laguiole cutlery might have helped the impression.)  If only I had spend the day in the fields rather than the convention floor.  For dessert had apple cake and apple ice wine which was a perfect way to finish off the meal.
4	I love the decor in this place. Everything from the salt n pepper shakers, petrified wood tables, paper scroll menus...gorgeous. The food is warm and earthy. I've been several times now and really enjoyed it.
5	So beautiful! So amazing! New and creative menu items that scream farm-fresh and delicious and live up to their descriptions.Their wine list is exceptional and their cocktails were tasty! (Although, I didn't care for the squid ink, but the server didn't bat an eye and whisked away, bringing me something new on the house!)Although I've heard that service is sub-par, our server was amazing. Food came out with beautiful presentation and glasses were never empty. And we never once felt like sub-standard human beings that some pricey places can portray.And did I mention it's BEAUTIFUL!? It's located in the museum which is a perfect fit for it. Tables and chairs and lamps that all had to have been made for that restaurant. Exquisite design. Even the lighting level was perfect.This restaurant is definitely a treat, so we can't wait to save up and head back again.
2	Came for lunch. Atmosphere is great and service was very good. My lunch consisted of some lettuce, dressing, a sliver of grapefruit and 2 scallops all for $17. When the server asked, I did mention the small portion and he was sympathetic but took no action. So I was disappointed overall.
5	This is a really really nice, upscale place.despite their very unique and local menu, my favorite is probably their cornbread with the fruit butter. i think they whip it in case and it literally just melts on the cornbread and then subsequently your mouth.We got the quail, burger, and kimchee fried rice with pig ears.  everything tasted very good, and our server was excellent.  Very knowledgeable and very well spoken.
5	Wonderful food set in an inviting atmosphere. Wine selection was great and very interesting cocktail menu as well. Started with 3 tapas and the cheese trio and loved everything. The plates are beautifully presented and flavorful to the last bite. Definitely try the scallops and pork belly if still on their seasonal menu. Entrees were perfectly sized and presented for having consumed 4 plates prior to the entree round. Also beautifully presented. Chef does a wonderful job of bringing out the rich flavors in all of the ingredients on your plate. Scallops were perfectly cooked, juicy, and absolutely wonderful.Definitely make a reservation as the restaurant itself is on the smaller side. Wonderful outdoor patio space, weather permitting. I would definitely go back for their new menu starting in the next week or so! Bravo!
5	Really neat atmosphere. Had a table next to the window with a wonderful view. Enjoyed a bottle of wine and a snack and cheese board. That would have been enough for the two of us!! The platter was quite large.  I also had the fish of the day which was monkfish. Prepared perfectly. Highly recommend if you are willing to spend some money for quality, fresh food.
5	Great food, waitstaff was friendly and efficient.
5	Impress me some more.. come on!The decor is amazing - trees made into tables...  an open air feel...  very peaceful and calming colors... the lighting scheme = perfection! You have to sit outside on a summery day though... just gorgeous!Drink menu - you know I love specialty cocktails - my favorite was the Bee Knees - honey and lavender! Heaven!The menu - eclectic and unique. Not good for picky eaters or those with a lot of restrictions, but if you are adventurous or seeking some serious food experience - this is a great place to go. I had the duck and it was perfectly prepared.The price was high - about 100.00 per person in our group before tip - but I had a wonderful time. Love it!
4	A large group of us stopped in a few weeks ago and took the large center table in the dining area.  3 hours and a stack of cash later we were full and happy.The Highlights:+  Cheese tray was impressive (we went with every cheese they had)+  My duck entree was perfectly cooked, tender, and was a shining example of how duck should be prepared.+  Nice wine options in the $10-$15 a glass range.+  I enjoyed the atmosphere.  The lighting, the table, the high ceiling.  It worked.+  Scallop and Pork Belly was spot on.  +  Hamachi - clean and fresh tasting.  I enjoyed it.+  My bacon cocktail was awesome.  Mmm... bacon...The Meh:o  The snackboard was a miss.  The farro was overcooked and the eggplant was a bit bitter (and had a funky texture) .The Fail:-  The foie gras boudin blanc with my duck was awful.  Bitter, funky, and not good.  I had one bite and left the rest.  **Note** I am a fan of foie gras AND have never met a boudin blanc I didn't like... until this.Overall it was an impressive meal and it ended up being a great time.  Thanks to the staff and team that made the experience so great.
4	I come to charlotte for work so I have been here several times now. I'd say the food is always very good--- the menu is very creative.... but i have yet to have something GREAT there. Like something you talk about to people afterwards. I'd say besides Good Food on Montford, it is the best restaurant I have been to in Charlotte so far.
5	Really great restaurant, from the farm-to-table yet high-end, modern vibe to wonderfully delicious and healthy food.  But wait...the cocktail and wine lists are amazing!!   I highly recommend the food boards, which are great to share.  The fish dishes such as the local NC Flounder and also very tasty.
4	Really enjoyed squash blossoms, burger, hamachi. Pork belly a bit dry and more caramelized pork fat would have made it even better. Carpaccio could use some aioli or maybe even tonnato. Great desserts. Bar could be improved (measure out drinks instead of free-pouring, stir whiskey drinks instead of shaking, and keep that easily oxidized vermouth tightly capped and in the fridge!)
5	Despite the weird fucking name, I really like this place.  Walking in was like wow, beautiful decor, inside and out.  Inside was like being in some crazy woodland adventure with snow white while on crack.  Outside was more subdued and got great views.  At 3pm they told us the menu was limited and we can only get like 6 things.  My friend got the pork belly and I got the oxtail.  Let's just say, both dishes blew my fucking mind.  ESPECIALLY the pork belly.  Every bite, with the sauce, was phenomenal.  And the dishes aren't large so I was suspicious that we'd still be hungry but we were surprisingly full.  Maybe humans aren't meant to eat full Cheesecake Factory portions after all.
3	I had an enjoyable experience dining alone at the Halcyon kitchen bar on July 16. The restaurant environment and decor were pleasing and all of the staff were professional and friendly with excellent service. I was a little surprised to find the kitchen bar empty given such seating is preferred and must be reserved at many restaurants.  The kitchen has interesting and inefficient flow since it was obviously designed to feature a pizza bar with the area since converted to salad and pastry stations. It was nice to observe the pastry station since they are often hidden (I search for kitchen seating while on business travel). The food was the least impressive part of the evening. My lentil soup was very good but the duck was just average and lacked flavor. I'm not sure if it was the meat quality or lack of a complimentary sauce.  I did not finish the duck but the other plate components were good. The highlight of the meal was actually the cappuccino and scoop of ice cream. The bartender makes an impressive cappuccino.
5	I've been meaning to leave a review here since May when we had an outstanding graduation lunch celebration for about 12 of us.  Every single person raved about their own food, after we all gushed about the appetizer trays (Snack Board) we enjoyed.  I honestly couldn't believe how reasonably priced it was (maybe since I'm from Boston and it was lunch, after all) for such gourmet dishes.  Thanks to all the Yelpers whose reviews helped me find this gem long-distance.  The service was high-quality and very accommodating and I don't think we could have found a more perfect place!
4	Great dinner tonight.   We were a party of 10 to celebrate a birthday - sat at the beautiful table in the middle.   The food was great and the waiter was fantastic. Extremely knowledgable, pleasant and helpful. The time between salad and enter seemed a bit long, but with a large table it might be expected.  I'd return next time in town.
5	I came by for the second time today- i was embarrassed to walk in close to close but the manager and bartender made sure to make me feel welcome.Service : outstanding and fun! Food: WOWZAAtmosphere: beautiful Go.
5	This is the perfect spot for entertaining folks traveling in for a business dinner.  It's as nice as a high end place, but has a local southern flair that is unique when put up against the usual chain steakhouse.  The view and the food are great too!
5	What an amazing and beautiful night. We arrived and received a table on the patio, only after checking out the amazing interior design of the inside. Beautiful, with amazing carved tables, great bar and an open feel that is very inviting. After being seated on the patio, we were greeted with water as we previewed the wine list, which is very extensive and offers a wide variety at all different price points. We ordered a bottle of Chardonnay and started with the hamachi appetizer. The hibachi is thinly sliced, with a hit of sea salt, and served with grapefruit and multiple smears, a wasabi one that was best! In addition to the hamachi, we received complimentary bread with a rosemary butter, yum!For entrees we chose the scallops and roasted chicken. The scallops were served with crab ravioli and a vegetable medley. The scallops were cooked to perfection and the ravioli truly allowed the crab to be enjoyed. The roasted chicken was too die for, one of the best pieces of chicken I have had ever. It was also served with vegetables and some potatoes. The food was amazing and was service truly did not disappoint. I truly van no wait until my next visit, maybe this weekend :-)!
2	Dinner there this past weekend. Ive waited three days to write a review to allow some distance from the evening and see if I feel better about it. I don't. Our reservation for four were for 7:pm. We arrived promptly and were all very excited, we had been planning this dinner for a while. We requested a table on the porch and were seated and addressed by the waiter quickly. The table ordered a full bodied bottle of Pinot Noir wine on the recommendation of the waiter, when it arrived it was the label he recommended but (even by his own admission) the wine didn't have a taste profile that met the expectation he set. It was good but a thin light Pinot with little body and not what we anticipated. We kept the bottle to be cordial and it was enjoyed in spite of the mistake. Not a big deal... We ordered our appetizers at about 7:30. We received them at about 8:20 (they had one large table but were not full by any means) this could have been forgivable had the appetizers not arrived staggered leaving two plates undelivered and two sitting on the table. When they all finally arrived the food was great. While waiting for the main course I went to the restroom. The mens room was filthy. The back of the toilet looked like it hadn't been cleaned in days. Ive seen dive bars with cleaner facilities. The wall has black scuff marks obviously from people using a foot to flush the toilet. The tiny trash can was overflowing and the floor had water (I hope) all over it. I couldn't believe it possible for a restaurant of this caliber to allow their facilities to be so poorly kept.I returned to the table and we began the wait for our dinners. They arrived another 45 minutes after the appetizers (it was past 9pm). Our Dinner portions were meager and all of the entrees lacked vegetables or greenery of any kind. It was clear the focus was on form over food. The plating was beautiful but the meal itself was so so.  By the time we finished eating and were ordering dessert it was almost 10pm. We were given an apology by the waiter (who aside from the wine mistake, was fantastic). The manager also stopped by for a moment to apologize however the four chocolate truffles he sent to the table as an apology for dinner turning into a three + hour event were hardly a compensation for the wait, the wine issue, the mediocre dinner, or the condition of the facilities. For the price we paid (in time as well as money) the value simply isnt there in my opinion. Perhaps they just had an off night... I know we certainly wont take the risk again to find out, there are too many great places to eat in downtown.
2	Halcyon was just OK. After reading other reviews I was expecting a five star place. They didn't have two items that were on the menu. Got the cheese plate and we were left to guess the condiments. My guest had the fried chicken sandwich which should not be a sandwich. The piece of chicken was huge (a good thing) but there was no way she could eat it as a sandwich. Wasted bread. I got the fish stew and is was good. Overall for price, food and service I rate it 2 stars.
5	Have you ever met someone that you instantly fell in love with? Not necessarily head over heels soulmate kind of in love, but they possess a certain addicting charm and alluring personality that draws you in, and keeps you wanting to know more. There's something, or possibly everything, about Halcyon that gave me that instant, gratifying attraction. The place is small and quaint, but everything in between borderline perfection. The staff is friendly and inviting while the decor warm and classy.  The lights dimmed as the earthly theme is braced with wooden carved tables, a stone fountain and strategically placed branches as decor. The patio seating provides a certain romantic je ne sais quoi with the beautiful view and lit candles lingering on the tables. The plates resemble turquoise earth stones while the drinks original and seasonal. The menu is innovative, creative and most importantly, passionate. The passion is what keeps me addicted, yearning to know more. Even at a quick glance you could instantly see the passion that was put into developing Halcyon, as every single detail was unique, exquisite and dare I say.. perfect. I left with a new found lover, who is fittingly my 100th milestone review. Recommendations:1. ANY of the mixed drinks, but loved Spicy Peach Toddy and Queen to Bee.2. Hamachi3. Scallops with Pork Belly
2	Meh!! lovely view. tartar flavorless. Kobe? you sure? don't go before an appointment. waaaay to slow. 20 mins for charcuterie plate and tartar. not packed. no excuse. meh!!
5	We had lunch prior to a visit to the Mint Museum and sat on the terrace.  The three of us loved our meals and the terrace setting.  Service was exceptional as well.
5	You can't beat the of the view of the city! Great customer service and the food is out of this world. I highly recommend the scallops and pork belly as a starter.
3	This gets a three, which means I will not go back. We ate there last night, had ceviche and the steak tartar for an appetizer. The ceviche has a bland marinade which overwhelmed the fish, but at the same time did not provide any unique or exciting sensations for the taste buds. The fish was fresh and in no way would you say it was bad, but it was not worth ordering again. The tartar was pretty much the same as the ceviche. It was there, it was not bad, but it failed to excite. For the entree we had the rabbit, as recommended by the waiter and the boar bolognese. These were a step up from the appetizers, but again failed to create the "I can't wait to go back" experience I was hoping for.  All the ingredients were there, but it was not assembled in such a way as to make a great experience. I am not a true foodie, in that I do not know how to tell them what they need to do different.  I am fortunate enough to experience many great culinary opportunities, but this was not one.
5	Great Atmosphere, Food and Service.   I would highly recommend try Halcyon for dinner.
5	My boyfriend I went here for our anniversary dinner and had a fabulous meal!I appreciated that Halcyon is classy and upscale, but is also vegetarian friendly. As a vegetarian, it was such a delight to have options on the menu other than salad. I got the harvest which is a grilled vegetable dish with a wide variety of vegetables. It was great!! My boyfriend got the rabbit saddle, which he also said was good.I have to give Halcyon a lot of credit. I arrived in a bad mood because we are new to Charlotte and couldn't find the entrance to the restaurant. We took some wrong elevators and terrible directions from a clerk at the bottom floor. We arrived almost half an hour after our scheduled reservation and were soaked, but they didn't bat an eye and checked our coats. Our service was prompt and they turned my mood around quickly.The best was the cheese board. The portions of cheese were perfect and they didn't give you too much bread with the cheese. The bread was enough to spread a hearty amount of cheese and also the pairings were delightful. It was hands down my favorite part of the meal. With a bottle of organic white wine, an appetizer, two entrees and two desserts, we were expecting the bill to be a lot higher. We will definitely be back :)
5	Best restaurant in Charlotte!  Amazing menu featuring locally-sourced ingredients.  In a city that has has a terrific culinary scene, this place ranks first in my opinion.  From the cocktails/wine list to the diverse menu--this place takes the cake!
2	Beautiful space and atmosphere with a very good conccept.  Service was also good.  Very slow from order to table and such small portions that I left hungry.  I had the Winter Scallops, $14 and there were maybe 4 scallops but they seemed like the scallop had actually been cut in half they were so thin.  While cooked and seasoned well, there just was nothing to this dish and I am now eating a second lunch...
