4	I always take the wrong turn when I'm heading here. This store is located in the same strip mall as Don Pedro and Game Stop.The people here are very friendly, but unlike the Starbucks on Arrowood they don't give free samples. Tip: They both have a drive-thru window.
5	Starbucks basically has 2 types of stores: one for loiterers and one for commuters.  Loitering Starbucks have spacious dining areas, but no driv-thru.  This is definitely a 'commuter' Starbucks; smallish interior but with a drive-thru.Now, I'm a fan a Starbucks much like I am any other coffeehouse.  My caffeine tooth (or perhaps nerve ending) doesn't discriminate.  This particular Starbucks is probably not the best place to set up a laptop (no reading nooks, just a hallway really), but it is somewhere to get a quick cup of java.  The staff are really funny and talkative if you give them a chance.  I had this barista chat me up about how she wouldn't watch New Moon but she loved the soundtrack.  And she wasn't even taking my order!  The cashier had plenty of pep as well.  I guess then that it begs to reason that you should go inside and talk to the baristas...you be the judge.
4	While engaging in pointless, self-righteous conversations at hipster bars I am always that pseudo-renegade, too-cool-for-anything-mainstream sorta douche, so admitting that I not only go, but actually enjoy, Starbuck's coffee is not something I'd parade around publicly... drat!I only order one of two things at Starbucks (or any other coffee shop for that matter), a latte or coffee-flavored-coffee ("the darkest roast you have"). I'm not a big fancy, flavored coffee drinker but I am a huge coffee drinker.This Starbuck's alone doesn't have a whole lot of personality but the employees are always very friendly and engaging. I rarely go inside, unless Boy1 or 3 drags us into Game Stop next door. The drive thru, even though usually 4-5 cars deep, is very fast and the staff speaks clearly and are very thorough.During my last visit a couple of days ago the guy at the drive thru window, realizing my coffee was taking longer than usual, struck up a nice conversation about Halloween and kids and whatnot. Nice touch since I was in a hurry and was getting visibly antsy. He apologized for the delay and just made me forget that I was getting upset at the delay. That was very cool.I also really enjoy their breakfast sandwiches because they DO NOT taste processed. Not that they're the most flavorful or healthy, they just don't taste pre-made... which is odd because they are!Bottom line, it's a coffee shop but the employees' always-positive-and-cheerful attitude make it a little better than most other similar places.
4	Starbucks with a drive through. Smaller seating area, but there are some very comfy "high traffic" seats by the front door. There is also a hidden table further back near the bathrooms.As this shop is on the drive into Charlotte from the south and also on the way to the Interstate, it is usually quite busy with commuter traffic. If you have the time to hang around, it's worth watching the flow of people.
4	Very nice location! The drive thru menu is awesome and the staff are super nice! They offered suggestions, asked me what I liked and said that they hoped to see me again! The Starbucks food and drinks were like any other, but what I like most about this place is that even though this is my first time they made me want to come back! Great customer service is always a win in my book!
4	*This review is for the drive-thru only.On a busy Saturday, the bf & I were craving the fall favorite, "Salted Caramel Mocha Frappacino", & luckily this location has a drive-thru. However, it's the location that bf hits up in the mornings during work. From the quick ordering process, to the fun guys at the window, they made it fun. There were two young baristas & were really friendly & comical. We discussed our love for this yummy cool treat & they even gave us a free salted caramel cake pop to try. If all their employees are as friendly & fun as these two were, this Starbucks is definitely worth repeat visits.
3	This place definitely gets the job done. I personally really dig the fact that the baristas are sweet and talkative. However, the major issue I have with this place is that it is FREEZING COLD. I write this review with a cold/flu and a temperature to prove this point. If you look at the tables, many of the employees themselves are rocking a hoodie and sweatpants. In Charlotte. In the summertime. Something is clearly wrong.
3	Drive thru was fine, service friendly.. Might return if in the area.
2	Let me start off by saying that I have been to this Starbucks before and haven't ever had a problem...but my last visit was not what I was expecting.  I was over on this side of town and remembered that Starbucks was have a customer appreciation day today between 2PM and 5PM where you could get a BOGO Carmel Cream Latte, Peppermint Mocha Latte, or a Gingerbread man Latte.  I thought this would be a perfect time to utilize my gift card that I received from my Secret Santa so me and bf merrily go into the store.  Everyone knows that when Starbucks throws deals like this then there is going to be a crowd...this was expected.  We placed our orders (mine a Peppermint Moca and his the Carmel Cream Latte) and I used my gift card.  So we have a few people in line and I hear one of the women who work there tell another, "Don't do it like that b/c you'll have cups lined up and just sitting here" then she walks to the back to wash some of the utensils.  Well she must didn't care what she told her b/c she must have kept doing exactly what she was doing before...making drinks out of order.  There was a couple in front of us and she handed the female her coffee and instead of making the one for the man she was with she makes my bf his coffee.  Well quite naturally the man picks up the coffee thinking it's his, even went so far as to place a cozy on the cup, and once he had turned the coffee several times and read what it was he then realized that it wasn't his.  By this time she had made mine (still the guy is waiting on his drink).  I took mine, picked up the one that the guy had and asked her to remake this one.  "Why" she says with a slight attitude.  I gave it right back to her and if you have read any of my other reviews you will know that I do not like my food or drink to be breathed over/picked up by strangers...and this is what I told her.  So she starts making another coffee (I'm thinking she's remaking the bf) but she's making a drink for someone who is farther down the line (still the guy in front of us is waiting and he's getting pissed off).  Then she makes my bf (so he gets his before the guy in front of us) and kinda shoves it to him.  I'm not saying that this place has bad service but this one server can make or break a place....
3	Nice little micro Starbucks....  Tried their NEW chocolate Chai Latte tea....  Three words describe it totally....  Run Forrest Run....  I've had a Vanilla Chai tea before so I figured,  its probably on the dame line.... Not....
2	This is a busy Starbucks... that's for sure.======================Problem is that even though it's busy, and most of them are, it's no excuse to ignore people or forget their drinks.  =====================Even if your buddy is coming in to work and you haven't seen him in a long time, that's no reason to start up a conversation with him --- while there are several people in line, I should add, and the drive-thru is slammed --- and make me wait while you heat up my croissant (when I told you not to) and then wait even longer for my black coffee BECAUSE YOU DIDN'T FETCH IT BECAUSE YOU HAD TO GET CAUGHT UP WITH YOUR PAL WHO JUST CAME INTO WORK AND HASN'T EVEN PUNCHED IN FOR THE DAY.===================I've been going to this one for years, a couple times a week.  Lately, I've had to leave the drive thru a couple of times --- before and after I've placed an order --- because it takes way too long.  On this occasion, I went inside instead of going down the drive thru.If this is the kind of thing that's going on inside while people are waiting, then that just explains everything.  This one used to be a pretty dependable place to get a breakfast sandwich and some coffee (not some sugar drink with hundreds of calories --- just coffee) but now it's a pain in the neck and usually I just drive by instead of taking the chance I won't get frustrated here.=================
2	I frequent Starbucks all over the south east and this is probably the worst I have ever been to. The staff is friendly, yet that can't save it from the flaws. The staff's organization is awful and it is apparent that they don't work together well. The last time I went to this Starbucks I was the only customer in the store waiting for a drink yet the barrista served SIX cars in the drive-thru before even acknowledging me still waiting. I shrugged at her like "what's going on with my drink?" she came over and said "sorry I had to make 6 Frappucinos for all those cars" I responded "well I'm as much of a customer as those people and all I'm having is a basic latte and I ordered before them anyways". It sounds like a petty complaint, but this is what I mean by organizational issues. After she handed me my drink I checked the receipt and the clock. SEVEN MINUTES. I waited seven minutes for a basic latte as the ONLY customer in the store. There's no excuse for skipping my order multiple times to serve the drive-thru even if drive-thru takes priority over customers actually in the store. To make matters worse, while I was waiting the man that took my order was just standing at the cash register doing absolutely nothing. About 5 minutes into my wait I gave him the "Is someone making my drink?" look and he quickly looked away from me and started moving some things around in the back to look busy. At any other Starbucks an idle employee would jump in and help make drinks to catch the barrista up, yet there was no teamwork between these employees. It's just awful and I've had similar experiences at this location multiple times, which is the only reason I'm taking the time to even say anything about it. If the inside is busy and attention is being given to you then your experience will be fine, but if you go midday and it's slow inside may god have mercy on your thirsty soul.
5	It has the Best staff  of all the star bucks stores in charlotte.Nice place to relax and enjoy a coffee.
5	Aside from a busy parking lot, nothing other than a positive experience is waiting for you inside. This is my go-to location for my coffee fix. While I have been swayed by the fact that this location is planted less than a mile from my house and I know most of the baristas from my constant visits, a first time visitor should experience nothing less. Sunday seems to have a delayed crowd (I assume church-goers). Any weekday morning is your pick of an inside visit or drive-thru as your wait time will be about the same.
1	Came in on the way out of town, not our usual bux. Used the bathroom, it was so dirty, no soap, paper towels falling out of the dispenser bc they were the wrong size. Waited over 10 minutes for a white mocha even though our food came about 5 minutes prior. I got a tall brew and about 2 inches short of the top. Horrible experience.
1	Looking to waste time, perhaps a dirty Starbucks, or maybe you just want unfriendly staff.  Well this is the place to go! Very slow drive through or walk-in doesn't make a difference. Staff are not friendly at all. The Starbucks is always dirty even before you get inside. If possible avoid this Starbucks at all possible.
1	Regardless of the day or time, it's the slowest Starbucks in town. Nice people but terribly disorganized.
5	The staff here were very friendly! I had a free drink on my card and the barista gave me a suggestion of something to add to my drink, too! Awesome job! I think out of all the Starbucks locations I've been to in Charlotte, this and East Blvd are my favorite locations.
1	Hi My name is Thalha i am loyal starbucks customer, Last night at 830pm i went to the store 8951 south tryon street through the drive through and order iced venti soy chai latte, after i pulled out i tasted the drink and it had coffee in it, so they gave me the wrong drink. Thats fine, mistakes happen, so i went back through the drive through and waited 10 minutes in line and i was given the right drink after i returned the wrong one but not a word was said, not even an acknowledgement of we made a mistake and wasted your time, on top of that i had to ask for a straw and napkins. Thats just rude, the lady seemed to be bothered that i came back to get the right product i ordered. I am extremely disappointed at the  lack of her customer service skills.
4	I used to go to hurt cafe, but now I have found a place with amazing espresso which is local to me and more convenient. Even if the service was terrible I would still come here because of the quality of the bean , however the service has been great so far and I am happy
5	Always done drive thru here but it's always good. Friendly staff, good drinks and they keep the line moving.
