3	I usually find myself wandering in here for a variety of different random items.  Sometimes its clothes, sometimes its bedding, well, yeserday was all about kitchen rugs.Most TJ Maxx's are set up relatively the same.  Clothing, located usually in the middle of the store, along with purses, shoes, kitchen wear and bedding bordering the layout.I feel like TJ Maxx is hit and miss with me.  I don't usually find anything clothing wise worth buying at thier locations.  Its not a  bad selection, its more of fit and style for me.  Usually the clothing falls into one of the two catargories, thus, me walking out empty handed.I do have to say, I saw a few womans bathing suits at the front of the store that I loved, but again, they only had smaller sizes, (like size 6's) and I'm not a size 6.  This is why I usually end up noy buying the clothing here, becuase the stuff that I find that I like they don't carry for someone who isn't a size 6.  Anyways, Thier back end is where I found myself wandering.  I was impressed with the awesome comforters they had up for sale, and if I hadn't just purchased a new one recently, I probably would have walked out of the store with a new comforter.I actually scored big and got a kick butt new kitchen rug for $14 and it was an amazing deal.  I was proud of myself for scoring such a hot deal.I only give this place 3 stars, for what I think are obvious reasons.  A)  Disorganization of some of thier stuff. Yes, the rugs were with the rugs, but there was no order, meaning I had to stand there and pick through all the rugs to find one that I liked.  I felt that there could be better order to thier stores.   B)  You have to pick through some of their stuff and hope that they have it in your size.C) Service is iffy at best.
2	I have lived at T.J.Maxx since it first opened. Shopped there so much I even bought stock in the Company. Why not? But as far as customer service. This place is awful. I would love to do the hiring if only allowed. This is not just a service thing. This is a management thing. Ever since I can remember they have had the worst managers I have ever experienced. T.J. Maxx is in some serious need of a makeover in the mgnt training dept. Also when I have complained to corporate I have never in many years, ever received a response. I have since sold my stock and have cut my shopping here by more than 50%. And I mean, shopping. I was a junkie. I'm not sure I can ever cut it off completely because I can avoid the staff. But if I am any indication of how others are treated, their sales must be way off.
3	It's a typical TJMaxx.  You can get really lucky sometimes and find a really great deal.The best thing about this store is that it's a few stores away from Ross.
4	Always a bargain to be found
4	As it turns out. Yes, I can a avoid the staff. I still love the stuff here and between this and homegoods, I'm broke. Still am not too happy with the people they hire, but they have gotten better. Especially at home goods in Chandler.
4	Out of all the TJMaxx stores that I've been to, I like this one the most. Yes, it is like any other TJMaxx, it's hit or miss. When I do find some great deals, I walk about with a cart full and a huge smile on my face.
5	I got very nice Dooney & Bourke wallet with nice price!
3	This location of TJ Maxx is pretty nice. It is organized well and easy to find what you are looking for. On my recent visit I was able to find a couple of really nice tops at good prices. I have not had very good luck here on other occasions but like others have said, it can be hit or miss. The home department is a little scattered but it is still shoppable. The customer service here is okay, but if you are looking for someone to ask a question, you will not be able to find someone unless you go to the front. Overall TJ Maxx is a decent store with good deals. I will shop here on occasion.
4	I can't believe I used to work here when I was 16. I could never wrap my head around girl's clothing sizes so I just up and quit. Seems like turnover sucks here because I never see the same person here twice. Anyways.  This store usually has a good selection of clothes. I think the selection is much better than Ross. The store is usually clean and there aren't clothes lying around everywhere which is nice. Come here instead of Ross.
3	This place is very cool as it sells a lot of everyday needs for cheaper cost.  They have a lot of different locations through out the state, definitely a good place to shop if you don't want to break your bank.
5	I'm always a fan of TJ Maxx.When I was in West LA this was my store twice a week.After being deprived for four years, walking into this TJ Maxx was like entering Mecca all over again. I didn't have enough time to really look and shop but I did get all the spices I needed from the gourmet food section.TJ Maxx how I've missed you. We will be joined together again very soon in the near future.
