5	I have experienced many vets while living in the Valley, and no one so wonderful and amazing as Dr. Jarvis at Kennilworth Animal Clinic!  She really cares about animals and has taken her own personal time to help me get my cat regulated with his insulin (as we found he was diabetic). She understands the financial burdens pets come with, and has found a company to donate syringes for my cats insulin injections. That is one less thing I have to worry about paying out of pocket for!  Dr. Jarvis was a life-saver (literally), as I originally came in my first visit to put my cat down. She was able to take him under her wing for a week and get him stabilized and insulin regulated. Now me and my kitty are doing so well together at home and there are hopes he will go into remission within the next few months! I couldn't be happier with my experiences at this clinic and their staff! I am so glad I found a vet who cares so much about pets and their owners!
5	We absolutely love Dr Jarvis and North Kenilworth!  And most importantly, our sweet puppy loves her too!  They've been so great to us, and as new pet owners (as adults) we are so thankful.We has a crazy scare the first week with a too rough playtime with a littermate and a slice in our pup's ear.  Dr Jarvis had us come in and looked at it and glued it back together and didn't charge us for the visit!  And then she followed up a few days later to see how he was doing!We went in for our third set of vaccination for the pup and he didn't even notice anything was going on.  He gave kisses to everyone and has a couple overexcited uncontrollable bladder releases.We are so happy to have North Kenilworth in our neighborhood and only a short drive away!
5	I just returned from my first visit to North Kenilworth and I've already told my husband that we've found our new "family vet."  Excellent service (they were able to get me in for a same-day appointment), great staff (everyone had a friendly smile for me and my dog), knowledgeable doctor (Dr. Holmes diagnosed the issue and took the time to explain all the options to me), and located in a funky renovated mid-century modern building (kudos to investing in Phoenix heritage!)  I would definitely recommend this vet!
5	Wow, after 12 years of searching, I finally found a wonderful, caring vet clinic.  Dr. Jarvis truly puts the animals first.  Her love and compassion exceeded all my expectations and I was so happy she and her staff were there during a difficult time when my pet kitty Leo became terminal with liver cancer.  Through the good and bad days, they supported me and Leo and when it was time to let him go home to the Rainbow Bridge to await me, I am glad Dr. Jarvis was there along with Dr. Holmes. My remaining kitty and our newly adopted rescue kitty, will continue to utilize this wonderful, "Mayberry-like" clinic as long as we live in Phoenix.  Thank you North Kenilworth!
5	The best vet clinic in the state! Dr Holmes and staff are truly amazing.My pets always seem to get sick on the weekend and I go into panic mode.I have pet bunnies and no emergency clinic will see them.Dr Holmes has returned phone calls on the weekend, late at night and even met us in the clinic on a holiday! An amazing caring person and extremely knowledgeable doctor.The entire staff is just great.
5	I visited North Kenilworth Veterinary Care at 7am on a Monday morning after my dog ate a bunch of chocolate. They saw me immediately, there was no wait time at all! They explained the entire procedure and we were out of the office by 7:45am. To top it off they called a few days later to make sure that my dog was feeling alright and that he was healthy.
5	Reasonable pricing, convenient with compassionate and knowledgeable staff... Excellent experience so far. And it's so close to our place! Dr. Hansen is super friendly and very thorough. She didn't leave me with any questions. I love that! We have two cats and a dog so finding a good vet was important. I'm glad to have them here.
5	I recently signed up for United Pet Care and was looking for a vet for my dogs.  So after checking out reviews here and elsewhere, I called and made an appointment to have my Chihuahua seen.  Dr. Jarvis and all of the staff were awesome.  They showed genuine concern and compassion towards my Chihuahua.  It's been a while since she had seen a vet and she had a limp that I wanted to get looked at.  I felt put at ease by the staff.  Dr. Jarvis did a great job of explaining what was going on with my dog's leg.  I had an x-ray taken of my dog's leg after Dr. Jarvis mentioned it but she didn't push getting the x-ray.  So I'm glad I chose this vet and am looking forward to bringing my other dog in for her checkup.  Thanks to everyone at North Kenilworth Veterinary Care for being so nice to me and my Chihuahua, Pinky.
5	Took our new rescue here last week. We saw Dr. Hansen. She was great with our sweet girl and very patient with us. I had many questions and she took the time to answer all of them. Our appointment was scheduled at 11:30am and they were running behind so we had to wait about 15-20 minutes, but if they were taking the same amount of time with other pets in the practice, I give them a pass. I might suggest booking a longer appointment for first time visits, as those usually take longer. Only two concerns, they did a heart worm test but did not tell us the price before doing so. I haven't had a pet in awhile so I didn't know it was not inclusive of the visit. It was only around $30, but I prefer to know the cost of services before they are rendered. Second, Dr. Hansen said she would call us the next day to follow up & I never got that phone call. Again, it's not like we had a procedure done where she needed to check on our dog, but I managed to come up with another question after our appointment was over & would have liked the follow up as promised. That being said, the fees seem reasonable and the location is perfect for those that live down town. We actually walked there which was nice. Overall great experience. We will be returning!
5	Dr.Jarvis is knowledgeable, compassionate and kind. Her team is first rate, welcoming and accommodating. We trust her with our large family of rescues and highly recommend her. She is genuine and guides us well through our decisions about our pets' care.
5	I'm so happy to say that my boyfriend and I have found our "family vet". The doctors at north kenilworth are kind, loving and know what they are doing. After Our kitty had gotten sick for the second time in 2 months we knew something was up, they got us in same day on a Friday and saw us immediately after we walked through the front door.  They gave our kitty lots of love while they administered blood tests and x-rays- i can't stress enough how gentle and kind everyone is at this veterinary clinic. I would have to say, if you love your animal dearly like we love our little guy then this is THE vet to take them to. There is a positivity in the air at this place that puts you at ease and your pet will feel that also. We also had quite a bit of testing done and the bill was not as high as I anticipated- though there really is no price too high to make sure my baby is ok.  Thanks again Dr. Hansen :)
3	I adopted a rescue dog a couple weeks ago, but didn't realize how matted he was and my attempts to get him groomed so far have been unsuccessful.  I guess he has some fear based aggression so I was told he'd need a sedative for anyone to work on him.  I specifically made an appointment to get some help with this and to get him an overall exam.  I was seen right away, but in the end I spent $50 to be told there was nothing they could do today and to try some Benadryl.  Lol.  They suggested a heartworm test, which was fine, however as one other person said, it would have been nice to know the $30 cost ahead of time. (Shame on me for not asking).  And if they were able to draw blood, wasn't there anything else they could have done for the exam?  He was understandably afraid and did some growling but aren't there options other than "make another appointment?"  I'm not sure yet whether or not I'll go back.  Nice office, great location, was easy to schedule an appointment, but I'm not sure if I feel like my concerns were heard.  Oh and I tried the Benadryl.  Just as I thought, it didn't work!  Poor thing still needs an exam, a sedative and a haircut!
4	Oh hey, another vet review from the crazy dog lady.While I LOVED Lucy's vet and still love them and will utilize them for evening or weekend issues when North Kenilworth is closed, I signed Lucy up for United Pet Care since I got a sweet deal through work, and her vet was not on their list of providers. I narrowed down the three closest vets to my house that were on the list, and North Kenilworth had the best reviews so I made an appointment.Recently one of Lucy's litter mates had to be put down due to a very sudden illness and of course I'm paranoid and wanted Lucy checked out in case it was something genetic. I honestly went in not expecting what we would discuss, since I just scheduled a general checkup. We saw Dr. Hansen and I believe the vet tech's name was Asia (I am TERRIBLE with names so I am sorry if that is my bad memory lying). They were absolutely great and made Lucy comfortable in the room and when they had to take her to the back area of the office. We went over the issue and possible testing they may do after they review her recent test results from the other vet, and they also discussed her need for surgery for another condition, which her other vet had also suggested, and gave me an estimate for the cost of the surgery (with my UPC discount included, which was nice). They knew she was UTD on vaccines, so they didn't push on those, just asked about heartworm testing and meds (which she was admittedly behind on) and also suggested another medication to help until her surgery. Completed her HW test and sent us home with the chews and medication. Very helpful and insightful regarding her care, and Dr. Hansen asked very specific questions about Lucy and I could tell she has a way with dogs...hard to explain, but just very intuitive. Glad I chose this vet from this list, happy to know my furchild is in good hands!
5	Dr Hodge is a very precise, educational and caring Dr.   He Showed me how to administer her meds and give her the injections.  It was a bit far but well worth the trip. The staff has customer service that is difficult to compete with and was also considerate about the money factor involved. Not only is the entire staff interactive with the animals but the pet parents too.
5	Due to my animal loving nature, I've been to a lot of veterinarian visits. I spontaneously decided to add an adorable lab puppy into my two cat, one American eskimo dog mix. Which meant, shoe loss, puppy shots and diarrhea. Bailey is silly, rambunctious and tried to leap onto the counter multiple times during our first visit at North Kenilworth. In her defense, the delicious treats were on the counter and she was only 9 weeks old. Our second visit involved less leaping, a pretty offended look at having her temperature taken and an adequate amount of treats. These doctors are kind, understanding, funny and extremely patient. The pricing is very reasonable and I don't leave with depression of dropping a months salary on vet bills. We will continue to visit North Kenilworth as long as they accept the leaping lab!
5	We have seen Dr. Hansen three times now.  We are new pet owners and got a boxer puppy. She is always super friendly and loving towards Lily, our little boxer.  She's professional yet personable too. She answers any and everything question we have without making us feel dumb for asking whatever it may be. Dr. Hansen explains everything in a way to where we can understand as well, I hate when doctors use big words that no ordinary person would know what it meant.  My favorite part is that she calls the day after each visit to check on Lily. I appreciate she takes time out of her schedule to do that, way cool. All her staff is super friendly and make Lily feel like the most loved dog. I haven't seen any of the other Vets, but I recommend this office.
5	Took our newly adopted cat Henry here when he got a fever, sniffly, etc. They took great care of him and nursed him back to health in no time! The ladies here clearly love animals and it definitely shows. If Henry or any of my other cats get sick, you bet I'm coming back here!
5	After a troubling and disappointing experience at another local veterinarian clinic, we took our 10-week old ridgeback to see the wonderfully caring Dr. Christina Hansen.After 5+ visits over a 4.5 month period (mostly for vaccination), we can not be happier with the level of professionalism and care at this facility.On the very first visit, Dr. Hansen sat on the floor with our little guy and made it comfortable and fun for all of us. She took over 35 minutes to answer our endlessly stupendous questions - ranging from large breed diets to dental hygiene.Everyone at this facility knows the puppy - and every appointment has exceeded expectations. When we discussed neutering, we were correctly advised to delay neutering in order to allow bone plates to grow naturally. Another competing clinic in the area recommends neutering at 6 months regardless of breed size/type. It is refreshing to see veterinarians caring more about the pet's health rather than the bottom line.We couldn't have found a better clinic for our little four-legged companion.
