5	Another new city....another annoying task of finding a good nail place to do my pink and white nails (and a pedicure too). Boy...I think I lucked out this time! Super Pauline's was great. It was really clean and everyone was really nice.My nails look fabulous and I know they have coupons too. nice!!!I will be coming back!
4	I arrived at the Breakfast Joynt on the earlier side today to set up for the Elite Event... and since they were still open and I had a couple of hours to kill, I decided it was time to treat my toes to a little pedicure action!Minus one star for having to wait about 15 minutes (after i called to make an appointment).  It was worth the wait though...First of all, the salon is extremely clean.  You gotta like that!  Tammy did my pedicure and the guy who took my appointment, Shawn, brought me a bottle of water during the heavenly experience.  I went with the 'basic' spa pedicure.  It was $25 before tip.  It included the basics plus a wonderful massage and they even used a hot rag and hot stone after the regular massage!  Polish selection and application were not perfect, but then again, neither are my toenails!As I was leaving, Shawn gave me some coupons , so I may just have to return for a manicure next time!  One tip - they take credit cards but you must tip in cash, so make sure to bring some dollar bills with you!
4	Love. This. Place!!  They are so nice....they welcome you, ask your name, offer you a bottle of water....I found this place on Yelp after my last pedi / mani experience (ready my review of Allure Nails).  This is a bit of a distance from my house, but I don't care!  Prices are very reasonable, they're professional, helpful, the place is very clean and its quiet!  I didn't notice any of that gossipy chit chat going on between the techs in so many other of this style nail salon.   As others have mentioned they gave me a coupon for the next time I come in.....And I will be back!!  Give them a try, I promise you won't be disappointed - Oh! They accept credit / debit cards, but bring cash for a tip, they ask that you do not add the tip to your card!
4	Clean. Quick. Good Price. Options. Friendly Staff- what more could you want for your Sunday Mani Pedi? Well, after trying to go to my normal spot Allure Nails on a Sunday at 10 (they don't open until 11), I checked out near by Nail salons on my Yelp Blackberry application and found this gem! Like Gabi M. said it's super clean, with granite countertops and top of the line nail salon chairs. Shawn also offered me a bottle of water multiple times throughout my pedicure. They have an awesome selection of colors, and actually have the racks organized! Plus, all pedicures automatically come with hot stone message after the normal foot scrub and heal treatment. Even their basic pedicure for $25 gives you a little more, but they have tons of upgraded options if you want to spoil yourself! Note: they did not have a tip line on my credit card charge slip- good thing I had cash or I wouldn't have been able to tip!
4	Nice chairs, clean, and great service.  They gave me a gossip magazine and water right away - perfect way to start a mani/pedi.  They didn't continuously try to up sell me with $5 add-ons.  She did suggest that I get the "Sugar Daddy" color for my nails... hmmmGreat place! I'll go back here.
4	They do a good job and I always get coupons when I come in.  I will continue to go here in the future.  :)
5	After looking on here for an hour to decide which place to go to get my yearly pedicure, i kept seeing rave reviews about this place. It was close to where I was house sitting, so I figured I'd try it out. $28 plus tip for a basic pedi, the callus removal added, and boy was it nice. My feet have NEVER felt this smooth, even when i went to high end places in Hawaii or elsewhere. Definitely a good find. I will say though, you kind of have to look for it if you aren't extremely familiar with the shopping area its located in. Its right after the Arribas if you are heading north, Right next to the Wildflower Break Co. Try it. It's not snooty like most places I've heard of in Scottsdale, reasonably priced, and the girl i had did a terrific job. PS the stone massages rock! (lol)
5	Always very attentive! Best customer service, great job consistantly :)
4	I've been going toSuper Paulene's for over a year now and honestly it is one of the best places in the valley to get a mani/pedi. It is so relaxing and Shaun is always super nice. All the ladies are very good.Minus one star for the sometimes wait I have even though I have made an appointment.Also, bring cash or tips.
4	Found them on yelp after searching for a place near the office, and the reviews don't lie! Great service, Shawn was very helpful and friendly and it was very clean. My gel manicure was quick and easy, but I didn't feel like they were trying to rush me out the door. I was given coupons too, but I would plan to go back even without them!
4	I had forgotten about this nail place.  Now that I work out at Gold's I can get my nails done afterwards.  The place is clean and the staff is friendly. Good color selection, I got Bubble Bath, one of my favorites.  As soon as I sat on the chair, the front desk guy brought me a bottle of water.   I got my pedicure about 10 days ago and it still looks good.  I will be back.
1	This is almost the worst place I could get a pedicure. If looks could kill I would have of been dead when I walked in. Glares from the workers and a feeling of being very uncomfortable. The person doing my pedicure was hurting my cuticles and when she asked if she was hurting me I said yes just a bit she continued to do it anyways and did not easy up at all. Freezing water and harsh conditions for how much I paid for the deluxe spa pedicure it was far from it and having my toes bleed was very uncomfortable. I would suggest another place!
5	Great mani/pedi spot! I have been hooked to their shellac and they do an amazing job. I don't live close to them anymore but they are worth the drive. Shawn and all the staff is lovely!
4	Dawn was the person who did my nails. I was visiting from out of town and decided to try shellic.She was SUPER nice and a great conversationalist. I couldn't decide on which color to choose and she was very helpful in picking one out from what I described I liked. Will def but back if I'm ever in Scottsdale again.
4	This is my favorite spot in AZ for a mani/pedi.  I walk in a chipped, uneven mess and walk out a polished princess!First off, the nail salon is beautifully clean.  The massage chairs/foot baths are well maintained and cleaned between each client.  Implements are sanitized and wrapped as well.  Aside from the basic spa manicure and pedicure (which includes a hot stone massage - yeah!) There are quite a few 'add on' services available (paraffin wrap, callous removal, etc.)  However, they are never pushy to upsell, which I like.  The prices are very reasonable, especially for the level of service ($38 for manicure/pedicure, without extras).  Oh, and they have coupons as well, so my last mani/pedi was $4 off!  I guess the most complicated part is choosing a color - they have enormous selection of OPI products to choose from.On my last visit, I enjoyed watching a really cute, much older couple.  The husband waited patiently in the front reading his Kindle while his wife had her nails done.  When she was finished, he (slowly) walked over to keep her company at the drying station, complimenting her pretty hands.  It made me smile.  :)One item to note - while you can pay for services with a credit card, tips are cash only.
4	This nail salon is across the street from where I work so I went over during lunch to get a quick manicure. They have a ton of color choices, a lot of people working so there is little wait, and quick service. My manicure was only $15 and it lasted chip-free almost a week. The shellac manicure, which my lady tried to get me to go for, is $25 and supposedly lasts 3 weeks. I'd definitely recommend this salon as a place to get a quality and budget-friendly manicure/pedicure.
4	I recently started going to this nail salon and overall I'm extremely happy. My favorite thing about this nail salon is that the acrylic nails DO NOT lift! I have been to dozens of nail salons in my life and they always lift after a week, but I can honestly say that the products at this salon must be better than average because my nails last a long time and never lift. As for their pedicures, I am not a huge fan. I prefer pedicures at a different nail salon where they do a better job of removing foot calluses. It's not a big deal though since I usually don't have time for both a manicure and a pedicure in the same day anyway. Another good thing about this nail salon is that they will do manicures and pedicures at the same time if you are in a rush. I appreciate the convenience of this. The only other downside here is that they will not let you tip on a credit card. I can't tell you how many times I'm running over to the gas station to get cash, since they are so strict about cash only tips.
4	I have been going to here for 10 years, moved away and came back always here, they are the only place that has great quality products and does a good quality job!!! Sean is awesome!!!
3	This salon is well past it's prime.  I've patronized it for several years now.  Definitely not what is used to be. More like a factory.  Slam bam thank you mam.  Try Ali's Nail nearby.  That's what I call a salon !
5	My other go to place was full at lunch time so I found where someone else was close by with good reviews and went here. I was having a stressful day and walked in and said give me the works pedi and that they did. They made a point to learn my name, give me coupons for my next visit and make sure I was comfortable the whole time.I wanted to just relax and read and watch TV and they let me. The massage was great and LONG  - despite being busy they did not rush which is what I hate more than anything. The place is nice and modern and clean  and the guy up front was awesome. I will definitely come back to this place because of the great work and its across the street from me!
5	Best gel manicure. Lasts 4 weeks plus without chipping/cracking and I get French tip to avoid ugly regrowth. They use the best products and maintain a friendly staff.  My go to nail salon in Scottsdale.
5	Nicest people ever working here! The salon is very clean and they're super fast if you're in a hurry (will do your hands and feet at the same time). No appointment necessary and they always stay late to accommodate their walk-ins. They also give you a coupon so you can get a discount every time you go!
5	After having a bad nail job at The Summit, I went here to get redone!  Night & Day experience.  Everyone very happy and pleasant,  Vivian was new and did a wonderful job on my toes and Tammy redid a bad nail job I had a week earlier.  Both were wonderful and took their time even though we were last customer of the night.  The salon is very clean and updated...I would highly recommend to anyone who is picky about their mani/pedicures.
5	Love this place! Super friendly, clean and best place for pink and white fills and pedicures!See my girl Destiny she does an amazing job!
5	Love this place. Always friendly and ready to help me. Only bad thing is that I no longer live in this area. If you are looking for a place that consistently gives you great service along with work that does not fail, this is the place. My pedicures and acrylics last for 3 weeks. Definitely the best in Scottsdale that I have found.
1	I used to love this salon and had been going for a long time. However, when the owner or management (not sure which) changed, I was very disappointed. Two new gentleman seem to be the new owner/managers and they are a little rude and unpleasant. One of these gentlemen had do do my manicure as they were very busy last Friday. It was one of the worst manicures I have ever had. To start, instead of soaking off my gel, he filed and peeled it off....along with about 5 layers of my nails. Ouch. Then he roughly filed my nails. So rough in fact that they were weak and jagged. The icing on the cake was the sloppy polish job. i will never be going back.
1	I went to this place for. 7 years.  The owner shawn was great, he knew all the clients names.  The staff was friendly and enjoyed working there.  Always clean and I always felted welcomed and appreciated.  The new ownership is bad, unfriendly and has the girls trying to up sale , I was asked 3 times for upgrades and extra services.  I did not enjoy the experience and will not be returning. Where are you shawn?
2	Have to agree with recent reviews. This place has gone to the dogs in the past two months. Shawn was the best, along with Amy and Susie. I got three different stories when asked where the owner and technicians went. In 7 years my appointment time was honored, now you make an appointment with a specific tech, and that tech may be just starting another client when it is your time slot. New owner is poor. Please Shawn ,make it known where you are. Many of your Gold's clients will follow.
2	Usually this place is good. The last two times I was here they were awful. My acrylic nail broke after about a week and toenail polish came off. The next time I went back the gel polish started to come off. The lady put three coats of the gel polish on. She should know you can't do that or else it will peel off. So it peeled off. Now I have to take another 60-90 minutes out of my Sunday to go back & have them repainted, that includes the wait time. I will not be coming back here again
1	The same thing always happens to me when I go to this place. My nails break just a few days after having them done! I have acrylic nails and they are VERY stingy on the acrylic powder here. For example, I went in to get a fill on Tuesday (it's now Thursday) and the woman who did my nails (I never got her name) didn't even put acrylic powder toward the tips. As a result, my nails are flimsy and weak. It has only been 2 days and my thumb nail broke tonight just by closing the dishwasher! Every two weeks, I get a fill here and within a few days the polish either peels right off or my nails break in half. I always go in to have one it two nails fixed when they break or peel and I end up being charged when it clearly is not their place to make me pay for their mistakes. Last month I went in for a fill and I asked the women to thicken up the acrylic so my nails wouldn't break so easily. I go back two weeks later for another fill and I was being helped by the woman who sits next to the nail tech I had the time before. They were talking about me in front of me and the one I had already had a bad experience with was saying I was picky. I get a different nail tech every time I walk in so I know it's not just one or two women who don't do a decent job, it's all of them. I will not be going back to Super Paulene's ever again.
5	The customer service is unlike anything else seen in this space. Their massage chairs are wonderful the leg massage is very relaxing. I know what to expect from their services and have yet to be disappointed.
5	I get half moon manicures now to avoid the regrowth. Google it. Great for busy moms with no time to get in every week and has a vintage look.
