5	This is my very favorite of all scrapbook stores! They have the best selection, the nicest staff and great vintage items! Be prepared to spend lots of time because there is so much to see! Great classes withfabulous teachers as well.
4	Melrose Vintage is a mix between a really kitsch baby store, a hole in wall decorator spot with one of a kind antiques and hard to find fabrics, and a great scrapbook store with endless options all in one great boutique. Who knew?! I wandered in here in search of some cute scrapbook paper for some invitations I was making. I found the store on a blog; I've been doing paper arts for years and had never heard of this store even though it's been around for quite some time. If you like the shabby chic look, then Melrose Vintage will inspire and empower. They've decorated this place to the hilt, and just walking in here will spark creativity. They offer classes - I used to teach paper arts, and actually have a degree in Graphic Design so I kinda know a few things - and their classes are really great. They have a lot of different options and their prices are reasonable. Parking can be a nightmare, and you might have to be patient. There are plenty of places to wander in within a 5-10 mile radius, so I would take advantage of the location.
4	Shabby Chic alert! If you like that Fluffy white, big tea rose, Parisy look here is your place!   We walked in and our jaws dropped at all the cutesy . Big overstuffed ruffly pillows , white furniture and one of a kind knick knacks. Great place to gather ideas and that just right unique piece for your Shabby Chic decor. But the part that intrigued me the most-- Scrapbooking with a little extra flair and panache. if you scrapbook, make cards or like all things  ephemeral ( paper stuff) ,grab your credit card and come in. I have never  seen so many unique items , it made me  dream of making place cards, luggage tags, banners, scrapbooks and  just so cards for   all my friends.  Glitter, cut outs, sheets of unique papers and felts.   I can just imagine all the fun projects I could do after shopping here.   So glad we stopped by and I will be back soon..
4	The more I think about it, the more I realize how lucky we are in Phoenix to have so many cool vintage-y type stores around, especially in the Melrose District.  This was just another stop on our vintage shopping spree whilst looking for a vintage looking ornate iron mirror.  No such luck on that.  I can't complain too much though, because I was introduced to this wonderful store.Walking in is kind of like an assault of femininity.  There are fluffy things everywhere, sparkle covered candles, and the colors pink, green, and white abound.  I also can't forget the massive amounts of shabby chic stuff in here, but that is pretty obvious just by looking at the outside of the store.After perusing the store for a bit, and finding lots of cool stuff that we couldn't necessarily afford and didn't necessarily need, we happened upon a ceramic bowl filled with vintage doorknobs and keyholes.  We were instantly inspired by this.  We found an amazing doorknob set from the New Orleans Public School.  Buying that and a matching set of keyholes set us back about 32 bucks.  Not too bad.I also discovered this place has scrapbook stuff.  I used to be an avid scrapbooker, but not so much anymore.  I could get into serious trouble at this place.  They have so much beautiful paper and so many pretty odds and ends.  This is really an awesome place, especially if you are into that whole shabby chic style.
2	If you're into the color white and doll houses this place is cool. Otherwise pass.
4	Love, love, love me some shabby chic!!!  Great place to peruse the look, only beef is most all furniture, accessories, etc are VERY pricey.  Some of the shops at the antique mall on Cave Creek Rd. have similar items for about 1/4 the price.  My absolute fave part is the scrapbooking area.  They carry many lines that other scrapbook shops in town do not, and a delicious assortment of ribbon.  I just wish they had more of a structured class schedule with regular class offerings.  Seems to be a bit sporadic & uncoordinated in that area.  Overall, it's a shabby princess' paradise.  Go check it out.
4	I Heart the Melrose Vintage! This shop is too cute for words! I loooove all the vintage furniture and decor items, just wish they didn't cost my first born. The scrapbook section is UNREAL! I don't even scrapbook, yet I found myself spending an hour and a half in this store just thinking up all the fun little crafty things I could do! This is definitely not the type of shop you take the hubs to, mine would have a melt down in 3 seconds flat if I even tried to pull bringing him in here! The baby section is swoon worthy but very $$$
4	I walk inside and it's like someone found Martha Stewart's secret craft room and snatched away all the creative treats! I don't even know where to begin with Melrose Vintage. This is the one stop shop for gifts. Why you ask? Well... if you are looking for any of the following either for yourself or a friend, you'll find it here:- Baby accessories - Knicks and Knacks for your home decorating - Furniture - both vintage and copy vintage - And then there's the craft room...The craft room in itself requires a full day of exploration. Upon first glance, I was overwhelmed with excitement when I imagined all the wondrous things I could create with the tools surrounding me. When I looked even deeper, I realized that all of the items are incredibly unique to the store and you won't be able to find them anywhere else or at least not at your typical chain craft store. Everything is hand crafted and begs for a master creative creation. From scrap-booking to crafting exactly like Martha style crafts, you can find it all here. I just don't know if I can ever live up to the possibilities this store offers me! The crafting room offers working stations, classes and even a sectioned off play room for children while their mother's explore. The front part of Melrose Vintage is a decorator's paradise and full of every possible home item you could think of. Those searching for the unique baby accessories in their life have a room entirely dedicated to it. I can't wait to visit Melrose Vintage again to explore some more. I also noticed some unique holiday decorations that I'd like to snatch up!
5	I LOVE this place. The women that work there are so nice and helpful, I don't even scrapbook but the scrapbook room makes me want to SO bad. The furniture is amazing, from what I have seen better quality than Anthropologie and less expensive too. and ohhh the chandeliers!!! I have looked up, down, and around the world for chandeliers and they have the most perfect ones ever. We stopped in for supplies for Christmas gifts we were putting together and found almost everything we needed. I will definitely be back - even if you are not looking for anything specific you will more than likely find the exact something you have been searching/wishing for.
5	This place is so cute and chic. It was closed on the first few occasions that I stopped by, but on 'girls day', with my little girl, it was open! And what a perfect place to stroll around the little princess. I wish I would have had more time to get my craft on, because the scrapbook selection was amazing! I could not believe that there is this mecca of scrapbook goodness right around the corner from my house! Love love love.
5	I know this is a REALLY girly place for a guy to review, but aside from me wanting to buy everything that's not painted white, pink or pastel -- I heart this place. In addition to the housewares and vintage finds, they have a ginormous crafting/scrapbooking section.  I buy paper and supplies here from time to time for my craft projects.  I could probably get the same things at Michael's or Jo-Ann, but I'd prefer to support indie business - -especially when it's right in my hood!
5	-Open Wed-Sat. 10am-5pm.-SUPER cute Romantic Shabby Chic shop with a Scrapbook store attached to it.-The owners and employees are very friendly and helpful.-I LOVE the home decor stuff they have, some Rachel Ashwell textiles/fabrics, etc. Plus, painted white furniture pieces (which were kind of pricey). -Cute Scrapbook merchandise, very Shabby and Vintage. Nice little rubber stamp section too.-Cute Shabby Chic baby accessories and decor.-Overall, this store is decorated very well.-Parking is out front and has never been a problem.
3	Head-to-toe pink! This store was cool to browse. The shop is less "junky" than other vintage stores (you can see the floor? what??), but it's also more expensive. I would say the style is elegant shabby-chic. Some of the pieces need work, but others have been redone by Melrose with florals and peeling white paint. The redone pieces cost more than the untouched vintage stuff, so if you're willing to paint it yourself, you may save some money.The scrapbooking supplies were everywhere! I would definitely come here if I scrapbooked. They offer classes, too. The store is airy, pretty, and definitely a girl's paradise.
3	Why oh why are you always closed when I finally get down there! I love you, why aren't you open for me!  Ugh, phone first!
5	$600 for a "vintage" shabby chic coffee table?  I don't know if I'm irritated that they thought of it first, or that they are charging that much for a piece of furniture they probably paid $20 bucks for, slapped some white paint on it then scratched it up to make it look old.  Don't get me wrong I'm a HUGE fan but $600?????  I'm totally in the wrong business. To be honest, I think I'm mad because I can't afford it.  The Store is GORGEOUS and inspiring
4	Half the store is shabby chic, about which I can tell you nothing, so oblivious am I on the way to the paper crafts section.The paper crafts section is curated to focus on patterns with a vintage feel that's compatible with "shabby chic" but not limited to the strict "faded roses and peeling white paint" interpretation of the concept. So there are plenty of brocades, a certain amount of faded ecru patterns, lots of florals, and an interesting stock of seasonal papers. If you are thinking about decoupage projects to go with a shabby chic decor or a "Parisian apartment" ambience, you will emerge well-stocked. There are also lots of rubber stamps and embellishments.
3	I'm dropping it a star for two reasons, even though the store remains adorable and you shouldn't skip it if you're on a tour of the Melrose District or if you want scrapbook paper without leaving CenPho (or enduring the Worst Michaels on the Planet over on Camelback). The scrapbook paper selection has shrunk, but it's still decent-sized and full of retro charm, with lots of available embellishments.First, the posted hours are meaningless, and calling the day before to double-check hours will have you staring at a locked gate, too. Call right before you intend to go there, and then go immediately. It's not that I don't sympathize with small business owners' need to have time when they're not at work -- it's just that I'd prefer that time not be during the posted business hours. This part, I could work with, though.Second, don't trust the stamping/scrapbook paint. I bought a pricey little tube there, got it home, and discovered after opening it that the paint was completely dried up. Fortunately, before making the trek to return it, I looked at the receipt and determined it announces ALL SALES FINAL. So that was a waste of money, and thank goodness I didn't indulge in more colors, as my budget really can't absorb multiple instances of the store's not keeping its stock fresh and refusing to take responsibilities for its own oversights. I guess I'm glad the receipt states the policy, since making a second trip to be refused would have really left me cranky.
1	This visit was the first and last time my sister and I will ever make.  We walked in, and were not even greeted.  The "salesclerk" apparently was way too busy with 2 other customers.  We walked throughout the entire store with not one Acknowledgement that we even existed.  Upon leaving the store, not even a goodbye or thanks for coming.  Needless to say, my money went elsewhere and will continue to do so.  Absolutely the most horrid "customer service" (or should I say lack thereof).The most rudest behavior I have ever encountered... How unfortunate..
