3	3.5 star Review1st Visit:My bf and I recently gotten into healthy smoothies and juices.  We wanted to get something before watching a movie so I decided on Juice It Up but when we arrived, it has been closed for quite some time.  Then I remembered that Lily had tried the juice at Pure Nutrition so we made a U turn to stop by.I like the concept of this shop.  Deli, smoothies, juices, yogurt, all available to purchase.  The staff there that helped us were personal trainers and were knowledgeable on the products.  I got the Hercules' Power and my bf got another smoothie w protein.  They both tasted watered down in this x-large cups. Not so delicious.The staff/personal trainer told us that for $29/year, you can get unlimited alkaline water plus discounts on purchases of the products (vitamins, protein powder, etc.).2nd Visit:We inquired on the unlimited alkaline water but was told by another staff that visit that with the $29/year, we are limited to 1 gallon of alkaline water a day, any more than that cost $1 a gallon.  If we don't have a membership, we can still get that alkaline water, but it would be $2 a gallon instead.  We said no thanks to the water, but said let's try again with the smoothies.Was a great decision.  My  bf got the Athens Scream smoothie and I got the Cyclop's Clone Juice.  They were both deliciously healthy in a large cup.  We understood then that for our first visit, he put way too much ice in it, therefore, the smoothies were presented in the x-large cup.  Although my juice tasted like it has specks of sand in there...I still finished it.Overall, we will return and when our smoothies come out water down, I will let them know.
5	Oh my goodness where do I start?!! I went in and met with Ron McCormick. I went in weighing 318 lbs and was about to give up trying. I didn't even go in for the purpose of using his products. I was soliciting for the company I work for. To make a long story short, Ron put me on a Alkaline program and I have never felt better! After one week I had lost 9 lbs and for the first time in my life, was extremely motivated to exercise. I'm finishing up my 2nd week now at day 12 and have lost 17 lbs and for the last two days in a row have walked/ran 4.3 miles each day and I'm going again tonight. The recovery is incredible!!! I don't even get sore the next day!! I swear by this place and the owner, Ron McCormick. I will soon be blogging on his facebook page and posting weekly pictures so everyone can see my progress. Feel free to cheer me on!!! - Jamin PreliIf you want to know more about my story and how things are going, email me at shiloh22@hotmail.com
1	So, we went here to buy BPA free water bottles for our water cooler.  Then we were sold on their "Alkaline water for a year" deal.  The guy told us, "as much alkaline water as you want for the whole year for 30$".  Well, that turned out to be b.s.  Next time we go in they say, "well, you're supposed to buy something in order to get the water."  Ummm, okay?  My husband ends up buying me a protein smoothie mix and they tell him that if I don't like it or it makes me sick, I can come in and get store credit.  So, I realized I'm not feeling well and its due to the mix...I take it in to exchange it for a different type of smoothie and find out that no, they will not take anything that has been opened?!  We've filled our bottles two additional times since the first and both times the "change filter" light has been blinking.  Yay!  Thirty bucks for dirty filter water!  Lucky us.  I also found expired vitamins and supplements on the shelf and pointed them out to the worker who said, "yeah, well the thing is, those expiration dates really don't mean anything...will you buy it if I give your 50% off?"  So, here's the deal.. I can get all of the products online for cheaper, but thought I was doing a good deed by supporting a local business.  After all of the lies I've been exposed to I'll pass on supporting.  Bummer.
1	I went in looking for probiotics.  A guy was helping me until a young attractive girl walked up and then he immediately turned to her and asked, "Can I help you?" Seriously? I'll never go back...not the customer service I was looking for...sorry:(  They didn't have the probiotics I was looking for either.
5	This place puts all other Nutrition/vitamin places in town to shame.  You can walk into a vitamin store and ask a question and the odds of getting a correct response is limited.  This place from the owner down to every person who works here can answer any question you have not only about the products they have in the store but about Nutrition and eating healthy.That's what really separates this place from the rest, the Nutrition in the name is NOT just for the name.  You can find out about alkaline water, provided, information on eating healthy and how to get your body back into PH balance.It does not matter what your passion is.....basic exercising, advanced workouts, diets, healthy living???  Anything can be answered and on most days, the owner is here and is a wealth of knowledge.  The other cool thing is the knowledge is free.  They can run a variety of tests on you and show you how to have a healthier life style.  I have been to many places in town and no one can provide what you get here.If you are looking for a trustworthy and honest Nutrition store, Pure Nutrition is the ONLY place to come.
5	The staff are so knowledgable on all their products. I been juicing which is nice but I dont have the time to juice not to mention to juice 3 times a day gets pretty pricey. I came in wanting to find another equal alternative to juicing. Ron the owner put me on the Power greens and Power reds pro which have more servings of fruits and veggies in one scoop then I can make in one juice. I have saved so much time and money switching over to these products. Thanks Ron
5	I checked this place out from a referral and it was great!  I bought the 3 Second Health Vitamins and we take it every day. Ron the owner was super helpful and knowledgable. I will buy all my supplements from this place. I also got a meal replacement shake and it was delicious. Go check it out.
4	I stopped in by chance one day to check out the prices on some supplements and was hooked by the knowledgeable staff and excellent customer service!  I am a HUGE fan!
1	Horrible overpriced store with expired or poor brand name products. You can find 60% off nearby. Don't let these people con you into 2nd rate overpriced products.. You can get many of these products or even better ones online for much much less. Buyers BEWARE!!!
5	The acai bowl was amazing! Just like the ones in California I'm used to. I'm also addicted to their fresh veggie juices and great supplements. Super knowledgable staff!
5	My bf and I come in at least twice a week for the acai bowl. Ron, Terri, and Tyler are a blast! They're all eager to share their knowledge and are extremely helpful and sincere. They understand that proper nutrition is learned and look for any opportunity to coach you. My husband and I swear by their 3 Second Health liquid vitamins, Power Reds, Power Greens, and alkaline water. If you're wanting a cheap price, shop anywhere. If you're wanting a long life, Pure Nutrition is the spot! - Nikki M
