3	While the atmosphere is fantastic, and the drinks are delish, the cocktail waitresses are a bit stuck up, and don't come by to check on you very often.  It is rather pricey - but nothing super outrageous for Snobsdale.  The bartenders are better, but over all, if you are going to come to the i-pic location, go over to Tanzy - where the service is better over all!
3	Cool lounge place to hang out either before or after the movie since it's located right next door. The service wasn't great--bartender didn't even acknowledge us when we sat at the bar, and were trying to find a menu. We ended up grabbing one next to us, then he came over. I had the cucumber mojito cocktail, which was really good, and I guess was worth the $10 since it was pretty big. My bf got a shot of mezcal, which the bartender said was $13 but I think he ended up charging us less, because the tab was $20 after taxes, so I guess that made up for the lack of service. If you've ever been to chandelier bar in vegas, it was kind of like that but much darker, since the seating seems super comfortable and you probably pay the premium for the look of the place. I think Thursday nights might be fun to go for happy hour, since it's Ladies night and select cocktails/appetizers run between $3-$5.
3	The lounge atmosphere is great.  The service is horrible.  The bartenders just walk right by you.  Even if you put your empty glass at the end of the bar they still do not acknowledge that you need a drink... really??  You need to wave your hand in air and almost yell across the place to get any service.  The DJ needs to be updated with the latest music.  It could be a great place if ran better.  Scottsdale Quarter needs something with some dancing and excitement!   If they were smart they would make some changes.. this could be "the spot"
4	I have since visited Salt several more times, and must say that the service has improved greatly.  I had much better service in the lounge the most recent time I was there - the cocktail waitress took great care of us.  The bartenders are fun, and you can tell they enjoy their jobs.  I think things have settled into place now that they have been open awhile, and the initial kinks have been worked out.
5	Terrific night club with swanky decor, attentive and personal service, decent prices for bottle service, and tasty food (the Trio Angus burgers were particularly yummy). It's a perfect place for enjoying your friends and of course the get-you-on-your-feet musical stylings of Andre the DJ.
3	Another trendy Scottsdale Quarter hang out spot. Connected to IPIC and Tanzy - this place has a really nice bar and cool decor. I went here for a Tequila Flight - and was amazed by how much the staff knew about these lovely little beverages. Like most places in trendy Scottsdale - everyone looks alike - almost walking clones. Clearly they give out free BMW's and Boobs.
3	Where does Salt fit in the Scottsdale social scene?  Located in the iPic complex and next to Narcisse it draws people from both places.  Is it special enough to be a destination by itself?  Probably not.Decent drinks and music.  Good service but nothing really makes Salt standout on it's own.
4	Great apps and yummy cocktails to be had here, the service is good, but sometimes this place can be too dark. Don't get me wrong I love mood lighting but when you can't see what you are eating; turning on some more light is not such a bad thing. I will be back because there is great value to the menu of spirits and upscale bar food think; yummy fillet mignon petite burgers, calamari steaks, and nice flat bread options.
4	The wife and I visited this locale on Sunday to use the prize she won from Ipic theatres for free appetizers and drinks for 4 people. We couldn't get anyone to come so we enjoyed the treats for ourselves. Now we have passed this locale each time we went to Ipic to see a show...but we never stopped for food because it can be pricey. So since we had this great prize we could finally try the food and see if it was worth it's weight in gold...LOL. So basically we had 6 buffalo chicken egg rolls....3 Fillet mignon petite burgers (for the wife) calamari....and a 3 cheese flatbread pizza. My wife had 2 alcoholic beverages and I had 2 glasses of cranberry juice. Now if we would have payed regular price we would have been out of 85 bucks and with the movie about 130.00 bucks....so as you can see it was a great prize my wife won. The food was good and the ambience is very good but a little dark for my taste....and especially at night it could be a huge problem....so be aware of that. However if your ever go to the Ipic theatre to see a movie and want a quick drink and maybe a snack then give Salt a try...but remember again it can be pricey. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!
3	Nice place.  Attached to the iPic theater and Tanzy.  Only gets 3 stars because it is EMPTY!!!  I think people think of this as the "movie theater" bar and go to Tanzy or the Champagne Bar next door...  Too bad, it has great potential.  They even had bleu cheese olives for my martini.
4	Great bar and cool decor. It's basically in the lobby of the IPic Theatre. Great way to wait for your movie to start. Great vibe for industry professionals.
5	Amazing!!! DJ Dave Matthias was awesome!!! Beautiful place! You should go!
5	Salt did me right.My wife brought our crew there for my surprise birthday party, and Salt was perfect.  We were about 12 deep, so Salt had reserved a section for us, and then totally treated us right.  The server kept drinks going (obviously her job, but she was on it and with a great attitude), Salt put my name up on the TV with a little HB message, and even bought us a round of shots.Here's the thing, we could have gone anywhere.  But for a birthday party of close friends, we didn't want to wait in long lines or yell at each other over too-loud music or get separated while being bumped by the "clones".  That's why Salt was perfect.  Not over crowded, but busy enough to have a vibe, cheerful staff that isn't resentful, and a solid DJ.Many thanks Salt.  It was a night to remember.
4	Salt is the alternative in my book to a place like Sandbar and the clubs in Old Town. Loud music and dim lighting like Old Town but not super crowded like Sandbar. Hence, a lounge...You will pay the same--drinks are like $12 and up but they are really good and usually pretty strong. The dj's on the weekends are pretty good. I was there last Saturday and he kept playing like 80s remixes, but out of the three times I've been to Salt this was the first time I wasn't totally happy with the music. The crowd was also a little bit older so maybe that's who he was catering to that night.They have tables and couches that are open to first-come-first-service (way different than Old Town where you have to reserve a table) and a really nice bar area if you prefer or can't find a table.You can dress up or dress casual. I've seen both and each option fits in just fine. Parking is nice because it's free in the garage just 5 minutes from Salt or you can valet right outside the lounge. Atmosphere is pretty cool. It is attached to the iPic but they do a great job of separating the two. The only time you know you're next to a movie theater is when you head to the bathroom which is in between the iPic and Salt.The place has been pretty busy to packed each time I've gone but I've never had trouble finding a seat. However, this is NOT a place to dance. They have a dance floor but no one uses it. If you want super loud music where it's hard to hear and you want to dance or party, head to Old Town. If you just want to chill in a cool place, head to Salt.
2	What comes to mind when I think back on my experience at Salt is: Identity Crisis. This place can't decide what it's about or who it's about. Walking in, it has a very loungy feel. A swanky, unconventionally shaped, contemporary style bar is the heart of the place with chairs and couches surrounding it.  It is very dark (a little too dark in my opinion) with very dim lighting...I felt like most of the light came from the gigantic big screen tv's hanging above the bar) I actually like the look of the place but I feel like everything else is a contradiction. They had EXTREMELY loud hip hop music playing.  Dance club loud, and this is very obviously not a dance club. (I don't think? Like I said Salt doesn't know what it is so how am I supposed to?) I was on a date and found it very difficult to have good conversation without constantly saying "WHAT?!" "SAY THAT AGAIN?!" ...the upside that I'm sure my date appreciated is I had to snuggle in close just so we could talk.  The tv's were playing ESPN, highlights from one of the preseason NFL games. I love football but this just didn't make any sense to me at all. This place does not have a sports bar feel and the tv's seemed so out of place to me and I found them to be a negative distraction. When we sat down at the bar it was SOPPING wet.  I asked the bartender for a napkin for my arm because I had set it on the bar for a second and he handed me a wet rag.  Really?  The drink selection is poor.  I had a glass of Sauv Blanc that I disliked very much.  My date was disappointed to find out they didn't have Guinness on tap.  Their beer selection was nothing to write home about. The service was awful.  The bartenders were too busy busting a move to the hip hop music to notice the needs of their customers.  And did I mention there were only a handful of people in the bar at 11:30 on a friday night?So what is Salt?  A hip hop night club?  A swanky scottsdale lounge? A sportsbar? None of the above.  Salt is just plain confused if you ask me.
1	We went in on a slow night and sat at the bar for about 15 minutes without the bartender ever coming over to take our order .  Worst service ever!!! So, i left and went to anotehr bar within walking distance.
1	CHEESEBALL!If you are looking for the bridge and tunnel crowd, you've definitely come to the right place.  Lots of overmuscled meat head guys who pretend to have money to burn buying drinks for recently enhanced plastic surgery victims.  Home of bimbos and lovers of bimbos.  If you're a guy who buys extra expensive designer t-shirts, this is definitely your kind of place.  After a big night of spending here, it's time to get back to your job at IHOP.
5	10 plus 10 = 10 this place was GREAT! drinks were right on time and food was good.  Hold on to you hat the bartender was hooking those drinks up.  I will make this #1 for chilling on the weekends
1	No. I don't think so.I'm in the service industry. I get out of work and want to have a drink. This means I'm going to be arriving at your bar later in the evening. We walked in at around 11. We ordered two glasses of wine, paid for them and plopped down on a couch to relax. At exactly 12 on the dot, they turned off the music and turned up the lights. One manager came over to ask if we were finished. I looked at my 1/4 filled glass and said No.Another bartender comes over and asks if we were finished. Still no. But he chose to stand there and watch us while we finished the last few sips.Aside from the weird ambiance (is it a lounge? A bar? A sports bar?) the way were treated was beyond rude and unacceptable. I will never return and I will tell everyone I know not to come here. You do not treat people (especially ones who work in the same industry) this way and not expect a backlash.
3	The bloody marg is really good.  Pricey, but thats par for the course at Scottsdale Quarter.
2	I have given this place two shots and I will NOT be giving them anymore chances. I enjoy iPic and really wanted to like Salt as well. Unfortunately they have the worst service EVER! I went for some pre-drinks with my girlfriends (8 of us) and the place was dead. We each ordered a couple of drinks (drinks were mediocre and very overpriced). I still hadn't purchased my movie ticket so I asked for my check a few minutes before my friends were ready to go. The bartender, Zack, asked me with an attitude "so you want separate checks?" I answered yes, so he crinkled up our bill and threw it in the trash with such a rude demeanor! I always assumed that when a group of ladies were ordering alcoholic beverages at a bar that we would want to pay for them separately. We weren't eating at a table, we were sitting at the bar. If that were the case I would've been more understanding. Overall they were extremely slow and rushing around acting like the place was packed even though it was just us. Then the manager said that they just had 400 people come through there in movies so that was the reason they were slow. My thought.. if you are a high end movie theater charging over $20 per ticket you should be well staffed to handle those types of numbers. It's not like they can't predict when the rushes will come. I would think they are well aware of which movies are popular. Maybe they should vary movie times so you are more equip to handle them. We were there to see The Hunger Games a week after it came out so of course it was going to get busy. What did they expect?!? Not to mention the restrooms were a disaster with no soap and toilet paper everywhere. The only reason I gave them two stars was because of the food. I've had several different appetizers there and they were all very tasty. At least the chefs know what they are doing in this place!
4	My Husband and I planned a night at IPIC and we decided to begin our night at Salt, and I am glad we did. It is a nice little lounge with some very tasty salt rimed cocktails. The bartender was very nice and helpful within the first five minutes not only did he take our drink orders but he also gave us a nice glass of water with cucumber and basil, that was a nice touch. The seared tuna appetizer was delicious, the lighting was perfect for romance and the music was fun. I must admit it was a little expensive hence the 4 star rating but, I cannot deny that drinks at Salt helped make our night as fun and memorable as it was.
2	This is not the first time I have been to Salt. This is also not the first time I've experienced BAD bar service at Salt. They are very slow with their service. The manager was not of any help. I complained about the bathrooms being very messy for a scottsdale bar. He blamed it on the amount of customers he had come through after a movie had let out. Well I didn't see anyone and it was a Sunday evening! The 1 good thing I'd like to say is, my buffalo chicken spring rolls were very tasty. Good luck to those venture into Salt! May the force be with you!
2	The decor is pretty, the service is bad. They are trying too hard to be fancy with their drinks that they taste bad too. The food was tasty though, but overpriced. Would recommend the buffalo chicken spring rolls- really good!
3	This is a funny type of review.  We've been here a few times, and mostly had good times.  Can't get a read on it.  Is it an upscale sports bar?  Is it a dance spot?  I still don't know.  All but twice, we've had very good service, but on the other 2 occasions, our server was very inattentive.  Especially noticeable on a night which was very slow.  The ambiance is not bad, combination of a bar and couch seating.  Prices are not outrageous, and its location is excellent.  The food, also, is very good.  Would give it a 3.5 if it were available.  The night's they've had music, the music has been good as well.
5	I wrote this review after I moved into the area, and thought I should give it an update.  I frequent this establishment on a regular basis and the service and cocktails are amazing.  The bartenders are very friendly and even take the time to bring water with fancy things in it like cucumbers and fresh basil leaves.  Just going that extra mile really provides a nice guest experience.  These things do not go unnoticed by me for sure.  The food is just as wonderful. They have amazing fresh mozzarella sticks with a lovely marinara dip.  Their salads and pizzas are well prepared also. Cocktails flow and we are always well taken care of here.
3	I really wish Salt Lounge well. I assume this a happenin' place late hours, but somehow I don't think so. The concept for the three restaurant and bars near the movie theater is brilliant, even though I don't think they are from the same company. I haven't had the food, but I had a couple glasses of wine. I am a little bit of a  wine connoisseur and I know most restaurants charge the cost of the bottle in one glass. Most of the options are way over priced. I will try them out again, maybe for food next time, to give the lounge a fair review.
4	A full bar right outside the theaters? Yes that's right! Salt Lounge is here to serve you cocktails in a lounge setting before, during or after your movie...or even if you don't want to see a movie at all! The Lounge is pretty spacious with several flat screen TVs all around. It's a great place to watch a game. The bar is circular and the atmosphere has the excitement of the movie theater and Tanzy surrounding it. However, what I like about Salt is that you don't have to go to a movie to enjoy it and it doesn't feel like your in a movie theater. As soon as you step foot inside Salt Lounge, you've entered a real, full blown Lounge.
2	Tried a couple of their frozen coctails one night, not good.  To be fair after trying the first one and gagging it back into the glass I asked the bartender to make it again with less sugar, he did, and it was still bad.  I don't think it was the sugar that was the problem.  If I'm there again I think I'll stick to beer.
5	We went here for The Great Gatsby premier and were letdown because the champagne towers and fun events were the night before. The night didn't end in disappointment though, the manager came over with a bottle of complimentary champagne and apologized for the mix up. He told us about their special Thursday night events this summer and gave us the bottle to take into the movie with us. That's how you treat your customers! Excellent customer service, food and drinks! We will be going back very soon! Thank you Salt Lounge for showing us a great time!
1	We sat at the bar, we had about 45 minutes before our movie started at the IPIC.  Female bartender  looked at us twice and did not acknowledge us,  she was too busy chatting with her other waiter friends making plans to go to the lake, after she was done doing that she got on her cell phone txting.  It was almost 20 minutes till a bus boy who was courteous enough to ask if we were being helped. Finally one of the male bartenders took our order.  Drinks were ok, but unfortunately one bad Bartender can ruin your experience.  We will go to IPIC again for movies, but will not be going back to SALT.
2	Extremely bad service. I don't like being ignored by the bartender. Won't be going back. Too pretentious for my taste.
4	Salt is the bar inside iPic, so you can get your pre-movie drink on. Let me just say, the drinks are the best part! All cocktails at Salt are made with liquid nitrogen. The mixes are premade, so the bartender pours the mix/liquor into a metal bowl, picks up a large canister of liquid nitrogen and starts creating magic. Fog steams out of the bowl and tiny pieces of cocktail goodness jump out like little pieces of frozen hail. Then the bartender takes a whisk and whisks the drink into a frozen concoction. The consistency is like a frozen blended drink, but way better since no ice is involved. Currently, there are three specialty cocktails on the menu. One is made with prickly pear, one is pineapple and jalapeno, and then my favorite - the Bangkok Monkey. This one is like a pina colada - pineapple, passion fruit, and rum. So, so, so good! These drinks pack a wallop - so strong that one was enough to get me tipsy. They are also a little pricey - $15 per drink. They are very labor intensive, a work of love, so I can understand that. Overall, I'd come back for a special treat!
5	Great start of football season watching NFL game on flat screens all over the bar and lounge area! $2 drafts, 50 cent wings (hearty and tasty!) and some other great deals and prizes! Love how the staff gets involved and  has a great time with the customers! Stop by Thursdays Sundays and Mondays!
5	They are getting more Big flat screens?! Is that possible?? Just wanted to get a shout out about the amazing sound system and open concept of 360 degrees of football! $4 bloody Mary's yesterday - man, were they good with all the fixins! Love this classy place!
5	For my money, which today happens to be on par with winter temperatures north of the Arctic Circle, this is the place you want to get stewed before a movie.Salt is inside the IPIc complex, making it  super easy to get bozo'd before your showing. Two hours of drinking, followed by two hours of movie while wolfing sliders...pretty damned cool in my book. Let's say your college football bets didn't pan out quite like you planned. This is when I  typically say fuck-it-all and head straight for the movies. Movies, particularly bad ones offer perspective on just how good I have it since I'm not being chased around a vacation rental by some psychopath with a meat cleaver. All I did was lose this months house payment on today's Alabama game. No biggie. The bartenders at Salt are friendly and attentive. They're also pretty proud of their skills, boasting how as a professional mixologist, there's no drink they're unfamiliar with.Yeah? Any drink?When my bartender couldn't make my wife's whatever the fuck, or even knew the ingredients, she tried to walk him through it. When it finally arrived, it was as if some kind of barnyard animal peed into a cocktail shaker. It was that bad. Feeling bad, (presumably ashamed of himself)  drinks were on the house.Go figure.I lose big, drink for free, and fall asleep in some bullshit chick movie. All in all, not a bad day, unless you factor my completely fucking up today's point spreads.Anyways, I'm coming back to Salt, even if I have to pay next time. They make their women servers dress like there's a Girls Gone WIld film crew in the house. Not a bad thing.
4	I went back to iPic after I was contacted about my last review (I apologize for taking so long to write this). Even though I had no issue with the theater (it was the service at Salt that really rubbed us the wrong way), iPic offered an apology, two movie tickets and a $100 credit to use food and drink. We went back and didn't eat at the lounge but, instead, went straight to the theater and ordered dinner, drinks and dessert to enjoy throughout the movie. It more than made up for our bad experience. We had a great dinner with exceptional service and loved the reclining seats with popcorn and a blanket. I will definitely be coming back to treat my sister when she visits from New York in a few weeks. Thanks for making up for everything and we will be back!__________________________________________________________________Finally went to the IPic Theater last weekend! We bought our tickets and had 40 minutes before the movie started so we sat down at the bar in the Salt Lounge to grab dinner. We ordered from the prefixe menu, which looked like a great deal: appetizer, entree and dessert for $22. After 30 minutes, we asked if we could have the food delivered to the theater since the movie was about to start. Well, at that point, one entree arrived (yes, before the appetizers). My boyfriend started eating it at the bar since that is where the waiter placed it. He thought it tasted great (BBQ Chicken Flatbread). My sliders came out shortly after. Before I had a chance to dig in, we were told not to sign the credit card receipt as the food was on the house since we waited 30 minutes for it. This was great and VERY much appreciated. We only paid for our two drinks. Then I started eating...the sliders were cold. The mozzarella sticks were cold and not even melted. We were famished so we ate it anyway, hurrying so we could catch the movie. Finally we realized we would have to move whatever food was left to the theater, and we asked for assistance in doing so. After 7 minutes, a waiter finally came over but didn't have a big enough tray so he left to get one. 4 minutes later, he arrived with the tray and an apology. I put the silverware on the tray which must have been taken off at some point because when we finally sat down in our seats at the theater, we had to eat our cheesecake slices with our fingers- no utensils. Yes, we could have gotten up, left and missed more of the movie while annoying the other moviegoers, but after the whole experience we decided to just stay put. Again, credit to the manager who removed the food from the bill but it still caused us to miss the beginning of the movie, eat cold food and leave wondering what the big deal was about IPic and Salt.
3	Came to Salt Lounge prior to seeing a movie at i-Pic and had some time to kill. It has an awesome lounge area with tons of TV's to watch sports as well as some interesting speciality cocktails. Service was a little on the slow side and the area where we sat at the bar was dirty and the bartender never seemed to notice or care and clean it up!
2	Service was horrible waived to a waitress after making eye contact and no service. Lack of ingredients for a suffering bastard. If you don't mind the lack of service the drinks available are good priced a little high for a lack of service. However the bartenders are friendly but sit at the bar or the service sucks
4	Was at Salt this past Friday and thoroughly enjoyed myself. I brought a date here and it was the perfect atmosphere to have a few drinks, some appetizers, and get to know each other. Our bartender was superb, recommending drinks, and being super friendly.Bite sized Nachos chickenFillet SlidersThe Manhattan - Drink
3	Stopped for a bite to eat before a movie on a Tuesday night-- Salt has a Tuesday night food menu of select items.  Last time I had a flatbread with white cheeses.  Greasy, but I enjoyed it.  Leftovers didn't fare well, so I suggest ordering this to share.  On this visit, I tried the Turkey brie panino, with apple and honey.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/salt-lounge-scottsdale?select=nYI5kbRe7kAjPQ2EQGvESw#nYI5kbRe7kAjPQ2EQGvESw  D'lish!  The first one they delivered was burnt, though, and the bartender quickly offered to get another one made.  Very classy and just what I expected from a venue like Salt's. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/salt-lounge-scottsdale?select=mwl-UPcToeZjQ3SnSKlUzw#mwl-UPcToeZjQ3SnSKlUzw  I also enjoyed a side of tater tots, $6 on Tuesday night. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/salt-lounge-scottsdale?select=9W93W0I5pqGT-6FAEG1kRA#9W93W0I5pqGT-6FAEG1kRA  The bacon ketchup, made in-house and without corn syrup, was a great accompaniment, but I rarely have need to dip quality fried potatoes, and these did not need any.I appreciated the wine samples while I tried to decide if I was in the mood for wine.  What I really wanted to try was their Death by Mocha martini, but it turned out that the chocolate sauce contained powdered sugar (cornstarch).  A blessing in disguise, I think.  The bartender saved me from consuming all of that sugar!
1	Went to Salt today at the Ipic theatre and sat at bar for about 15 min and the bartender Steven didn't even acknowledge our presence. I sat by and observed him assist a Caucasian woman and a Caucasian couple that came to the bar well after us and be greeted and explained the menu. This bartender then has the audacity to turn his back and go back to cleaning the bar after he helps people that came in afterwards. Finally a woman comes over and asks if we need anything. I let the female bartender know about the poor experience but I was so upset I was shaking. I feel like this happened because we are two black females, we didn't show up looking tacky and we've been to bar before and had great service from another bartender. I'm really disappointed in the Ipic theatre bar tonight!! That's a major understatement.
5	The service was off the night that I went, but the management of this place realized it and totally made up for it.  It is nice to have great customer service from Salt and iPic theater.  I will be back!!  Thank you
5	Absolutely awesome. 50 cent wings, $2 beer, a raffle with prizes at half time. Need I say more?
1	Bartender was super rude ... Apparently the guy thought he was behind the hottest bar in vegas.  The Death by Mocha drink was nothing but super sweet chocolate milk.  Again the bartender wanted to do anything but help us.... I mean anything ... Including having a 5 min conversation with the buser about "like how cool he is." He actually sent me to the other restaurant when I asked for a coffee.  The other bar Tanzy was actually much better.  Much much better service and a more relaxed environment.  One bad apple ...
