4	"Is it yucky?" a friend asked me of the Movies 10 in Matthews. Many discount theaters get a reputation for having sticky seats, funky smells, and screaming children, but the Matthews 10 is an exception to the $2 theater rule. I've had only good experiences there.On Mondays, there's a bonus discount. Tickets are only $.50, which is absolutely awesome. While they've got cheap tickets, their concessions are still pretty prices, so you might want to bring along your big purse and stop at the gas station on the way there (if you know what I'm sayin'). I tend to hit this spot up about once a week, as I'm just not willing to spend what the mainstream theaters are charging for movies. If you wait a month or so after the new stuff comes out, it finds its way almost always to the Matthews 10. It's nearby a few fun chain restaurants as well. I have made a whole date night out of Cici's pizza and a Matthews 10 movie for less than $20. It can be done!
4	I usually wait to see movies at the 1.50 theater.  Eight dollars isn't worth it, just have patience.  There are a lot of wild cats in this place though; I witnessed a family bring in an entire KFC family meal and grub down during the show.  That was outright hilarious!  All of the box office hits come here, and I am going to check out the Dark Knight again when it leaves the mainstream theater.  If you get upset over loud laughter and the occasional outburst, just leave this theater alone.  I think it all adds to the fun.
4	When movies cost as much as they do - even $5 for a matinee at other theaters, you have to try and save a few bucks where you can.  Though there aren't any true "dollar theaters" left, this is about as close as you can get.Pricing is a bit strange, however, so be warned: standard movies are $2, and all movies all day Tuesday are $1.  Then if you have more than three people, movies on Monday are just $0.50, and movies after 6pm Friday and Saturday are $2.25.  Got it?  Even if you get the full-price movies, it's still a lot cheaper than a matinee at a regular movie theater, but just be aware that there are lots of prices.The other thing to know is the automated ticket kiosk.  It's inside the lobby.  When you see long lines at the box office(s), just duck inside the lobby and serve yourself.  At most, there is perhaps one person inside (often who doesn't know how to use it), and you're going to get in much faster than waiting in line.  Generally there is no one in line.As to the theater itself, it's a bit cheesy on the outside, with lights and such.  The inside is typically pretty clean, but the crowds can get a bit out-of-hand on weekends, and you'll even see some police too.  I agree that people-watching can be fun too.  There are people who take toddlers to R-rated movies, and that bring their own food and play on their cell phones during the whole movie.  But it's definitely worth the savings!
3	Remember  the days when you could watch a movie for $1?  I don't, but I hear folks reminiscing about them.  Old timer or not, Cinemark is the pretty decent place if you want to watch movies just out of rotation at the major theaters.Admission on the weekends is $2.25!  During the week its only $2 and $1 on Tuesdays.  Located behind the Krispy Kreme in Matthews (just look for the 'Hot' sign), the place looks like Pee Wee Herman's playhouse on the inside.  But I can forgive that.  They show movies generally two months after their original release date.  Its your typical movie-fare, but   occasionally they throw in an indie or foreign film.  Look for the CineArts logo on the Showtimes page of the website. Please be forewarned however: the concession stand is NOT discount price.  A large popcorn and drink runs $9.  Also, if you're going on a Fri or Sat., there will be a lot of teens.  They have cracked down on teen loitering in recent years, but certain teen-friendly movies might not be fun to watch on the weekend.  However, Cinemark Matthews Movies makes a good cheap date or fills a boring weeknight.  Netflix and Redbox watch out!
4	Cinemark Movies 10 made my date night SO much cheaper than I was planning. Me and my date wanted to see Tron Legacy (a few months late, I know) after dinner and for the both of us on a Friday cost $4.50! I was pretty impressed. Usually dollar-ish theaters tend to be pretty run down but the interior barely was and the screen had one slight flaw but that was it.Word is though that at times this theater can be a little on the sketchy side. Personally I have yet to witness this but theres always next time.
4	You can't beat the fact that it's around $2 to see a movie, unless you go on a Moday (where it's $.75 per person with four or more people) or Tuesdays (where it's $1).  It's great that you can see a 3D movie there for just $2 more.  My brother and I went there on a Tuesday, looking for something cheap to do, and we found it.  I signed up for coupons and got a free popcorn with drink purchase.  So, we ended up spending $6.25 for two admissions, popcorn and a soda.  Yay!  The theater itself didn't seem terribly run down.  It was a little dirty (it was the last show of the night and there wasn't a lot of staff), with popcorn on the floor near the trash cans, but the seats were ok and the screen was fine.  It was, by far, the nicest cheap theater I've been to.I'm definitely going to come back again.  I like to see movies in the theater, but I hate paying $10+ to see one (or $15 for 3D).  This is right up my alley.
4	I mean really how can you beat a movie theater with extremely cheap tickets??  Yeah it's not the newest or the nicest, or even the cleanest (bathrooms are yuck).  But when you don't spend a small fortune on a movie and some snacks and you can have an enjoyable evening out with a good movie, I'd say its a win all around!
4	$1.00 for Captain America yesterday!  So cheap my friend payed!  The chairs are not as comfortable as what you get in the high priced theaters but who cares you are only there two hours!  Picture and sound quality were just fine and the chairs are not uncomfortable, the restroom is Big and Clean!
4	Yay Tuesdays are $1 movie day ! The most expensive movies they offer are  $4.50 3D movies. The venue is clean and the chairs old-school but hey your movie is $1! That is about $16 less than I spent on my last movie so I am happy with that ! The movies may have come out a few months ago but to me it's worth the wait. The theater tends to be pretty busy on $1 day but we were still able to find seats ok, you just may have to sit next to someone (gasp!) I will say they try to make it up on the cost of snacks - $7 for a large popcorn $4 for a large bottled water. So even though this is the cheap movie place it can get expensive if you load up on snacks and drinks. They do offer discounted kids snack boxes which seem like a pretty good value.
3	Its not a very nice theater at all. Some theaters have multiple broken seats and very sticky floors, but for two dollars you can not beat it. I just wish they played more independent films, with 10 screens I would think one or two could be dedicated to more artsy films.
4	How the hell can you go wrong with discount theaters! $8 for a family of four to go see Puss in Boots (despite my unnatural hatred for both Antonio Banderas and Salma Hayek and their idiotically cartoonish accents).They have a good selection of movies and the prices kick ass. Too bad it's so far from us or we'd be here all the time cuz we got more kids than Ms. Wayans and they all love movies.The theater was clean enough and the staff was serviceable. The prices for the concession stand are reasonable but still piles up quick. We spent $8 on tickets but $20 on popcorn and sodas.The qualify of the film is mediocre. There was a stain on the screen that kept bugging me. The sound was insanely loud. To the point where Girl 1 complained. When the hell does a 9-year-old girl complaint about an animated cat fighting a ridiculous egg being too loud?This is a great place to bring the kids and once you've already solidified your relationship with someone... but probably not the best choice for those first few dates you cheap bastard!
3	For two dollars, you get what you pay for. The theater is pretty clean, but a bit musty with that 'old theater' smell. The seats a pretty comfortable. The real minus is that there are some fairly noticeable imperfections in the middle of the screen, like someone splashed it with a cola.
5	I absolutely love free stuff, and when it's not free then super cheap will do. Cinemark fits the bill with it's dirt cheap movies. I mean .75 for a movie on a Monday? Wow, that's just unheard of, and the theater is pretty nice for being a discount theater. I go here as often as possible because you absolutely cannot beat the price. I've never stepped onto a sticky floor yet in this place and every chair I've plopped myself in was just as comfy as the last. The funniest thing to me, and I'm probably testing some of your ages here is that the doors to the theater always make me feel like I'm walking into Pee Wee's play house. I love it!! I'm waiting for him to spring out one day and tell me the word of the day so I can scream whenever I hear it. But, then I'm reeled back to reality when the previews start and they tell me to be quiet and turn off my cell phone. No secret word of the day here... but as far as movies go, this is an awesome place. I don't typically eat the food at most theaters but be forewarned, if you do, it'll cost ya. It's about the same as getting it at a normal theater, but even so, you can't beat the fact that usually about 4 people can go see a movie here  for the price of one ticket at a first run theater. Great choice for a date night, or just because. I heart this place a ton. :)
4	$2 movies or $4 3D movies = cheap family day.  The theater is always clean and the screens are not miniature like many discount theaters.  Popcorn and soda is the normal price, but they have to make money somewhere!
3	So this is where movies go right before they are ready to be released on DVD.  The theater itself is decent, nothing spectacular but it is a great value for a budget minded parent like me.  I've been coming here for years and the place is consistent with it's concessions and how clean the staff keeps it.  For $2 a ticket, you can't really beat it.  Another great side bonus is they do summer programs with bundled pricing so you can bring your kids for something to do on those days they are driving you nuts.   Be aware though, just because the tickets are cheap doesn't mean the concessions are.  They are priced just like all other theaters.
4	A great value!  I take my kids here all the time -- some movies just need to be seen in the theater instead of a tv screen. The temperature is always just right (it seems I'm always cold in other theaters).  My only complaint is that the arm rests don't raise, making it difficult to snuggle on a date. But it is a perfect family outing.
4	Cinemark Movies 10 is a great place to see a modern movie for a 1990's price. The prices are unbeatable. On a weekday, movies are only $2.25. 3D movies cost you $4.25. Movies on Tuesday cost only $1.25. So basically if you go on a Tuesday, you're getting to watch a newer movie on the big screen for about the same price as a red box.The facilities are not bad at all: no sticky floors, comfortable chairs, and quality screens. You don't walk out of this place feeling as if you need to run to the shower, like you do at many other discount theaters. The atmosphere is actually kind of charming. Takes you back to theaters decades ago. The theaters are small and don't have stadium seating, but what do you expect. I saw a 3D movie here and was pleasantly surprised that the quality was like any other theater. I couldn't believe that they had 3D movies in the first place. Paying $4.25 instead of the $14 that I would pay somewhere else was welcomed with open arms. As others have said, the concessions are not discounted, but when compared to other theaters are really not exorbitant. The discount prices do attract a certain crowd, but if you accept this before you head to the theater, you're actually in for some free entertainment. When I went to buy tickets, there was a woman yelling, "the customer is always right." These words are always followed by a customer doing something ridiculous and rude. In this instance, the "customer" had tried to pay with counterfeit money (Monopoly perhaps)?This place is a great value, especially for 3D movies. The facilities are not bad at all and are even charming in a way. The discounts do attract a certain crowd, but at no point was I uncomfortable or fearful. It just adds to the fun.
4	I absolutely love this movie theater! I have been going here for probably more than 10 years. The prices are unbelievable, popcorn is amazing, you get what you pay for. I always wait until a new release goes to the dollar theater because well.. tickets are only $2. You seriously CAN'T beat that.It's a typical good sized theater, with a good old classic charm. As long as I live here, this is my go-to place to see a nice movie.
5	Great prices...they might not play the latest movies but they have a great selection of movies that you might have missed and wanted to watch and you are not sacrificing any of the movie theater experience when you go here....snacks are not expensive either.  I will deff come back here again
4	How can you not love this place. Cheap movies always goes over well with me. On Tuesdays it's $1.25 for entry and normally $2.25. The movies aren't incredibly old; all recently left the normal theaters. The only knock is that there isn't stadium seating.
3	Can't beat the price, $2.25.  Wide selection of movies. Friendly staff!  Good location.
