5	This is my favorite Victoria's Secret in the valley. Yes more than Fashion Square! I love this location because it is very relaxed and you can still find everything you are looking for. It's not as busy as the one as some of the other Victoria's Secrets, and that's why I love it. Who wants to pick out underwear in front of a ton of people?! The sales staff has always been friendly, and helpful. The store isn't the biggest, but you can still find everything you are looking for.
4	Time to stock up on P.J.s now that it is cooling down. Very happy with the 3 pairs I bought here....am wearing a pair now and couldn't be more comfortable! They have pj sets and pj bottoms that you can mix and match with an array of t-shirts (lovely sleepy soft ones) of different colors and designs....you have to search the whole store though as it is spread out all over the place there is not one section devoted to sleep wear. The prices are a little high but when it comes to comfort it is worth paying a little more. Also had an impulse buy while waiting at the counter.....some Dream Angels perfume.....for someone who usually takes 6 months to decide on a perfume this impulse buy was rare but worth it as it is a very pretty but delicate scent. Also as an added bonus they were giving out free gift cards that will be activated from December 1st and they are worth $10-$500.....it is a Secret Santa card so you don't know what it is worth until they scan it in December.
5	Love it Love it Love it.  The girls here are great, beyond sweet, totally helpful and just awesome.  Everything you need, nice and organized, even when they have their sales and that's impressive.  It's less crowded on most days than other locations, which I enjoy.  No one truly bugs you or over services you, which I am also a fan of. Love everything about this store.
4	Newly renovated and redecorated...most are now... but basically it looks like every girl's dream closet now...it's very well done! Also the staff were not snoody nor unhelpful, they were sweet girls who sincerely wanted to help us, so refreshing.My cousin and I decided to stroll through here after popping by the local S*bux to browse the gorgeous treasures that always grace the racks of Victoria's Secret .... no pun intended... I recently stocked up on their $5 for $26 panties, so I was good for the time being, but we had a bit of time to kill before our next engagement, and we figured we would browse and if they had anything that jumped out at us, we would have probably taken it home with us... if only they didn't keep hiking the prices up to ridiculously high, unjustifiable levels, I would have put a few purchases on my VIP Angels Card... I mean not even my favorite panty deal remains the same... "$5 for $25" was so much catchier, but nooooo they (I know it's not this store solely,  it's corporate decisions higher up, obvi.) just haaaad to start charging that extra dollar....And their yoga pants... I basically live in them... the crops, the boot cuts, the skinny leg... I own multiple pairs in multiple colors and lengths... I am a true die hard fan of their yoga pant line... amazing, and so flattering! But criiiipes, they are unjustifiably expensive these days, and this poor college graduate cannot afford these anymore! They really need to run more sales, or email coupons or deals on more than just buy several bras and get like $5 off... that's straight bologna! Anyway back to this individual store... it was very clean, organized,  had a wonderful staff, but it was weird how their hair care line of products was severely lacking, and rammed off in a random corner like "don't buy me, you don't want me, we're lame" when actually I really do like their glossy shine hair mist, but of course it wasn't anywhere to be found. Boo.Oh well.
2	Great store, spacious. If you are a size XS forget about coming here for anything other than panties and perfume! Skinny girls wear corsets and nighties too ya know!I saw a very seductive, black corset that was being showcased. The store's smallest size was S. I spotted another corset that I  somewhat liked. Smallest size, S. I then chose to get a lacy teddy, purple. No size XS. What is this?! Other VS carry XS and S if they don't carry nothing else. I was very disappointed. I left out without any clothing items.
1	I had a very bad experience at this store. When I went up to the register there were two lines, one behind each of the two cash registers that were opened. I waited for a long time as the customer who was at the register I was in line for had to get the cashier to look something up at another store. It was taking so long that I thought about moving to the other line but more people started to line up so I thought it would be best to stay where I was. The customer finally finished so the cashier called up the next woman who was in line in front of me. At that point, the cashier decided that there should only be one line, after they had been serving both lines for the ten minutes I'd already been waiting there. The cashier told me to get in the other line. I was extremely frustrated and explained how long I'd already been waiting there but she didn't respond. After she finished with the woman who was in front of me, she blatantly ignored me and turned to the customer in the other line who hadn't been waiting as long and asked her to come to the register. After how long I was standing there I was so frustrated I pointed out what she did. She just responded in an extremely rude tone that other people had been waiting too, even though the others hadn't been there as long. She had no problem serving the other customers who had been in the "wrong" line like I was and then just randomly decided after my long wait that I needed to move to the back of the line. If there's only supposed to be one line, it should be clearly marked with a sign or roped off area but it wasn't. I wasn't trying to cut the line or anything, there were already 2 lines when I got there and I lined up behind multiple people. This cashier was extremely rude and unhelpful. I do not plan to return to this store in the future.
5	Ho my gosh...This is  the  victoria's  secret super store. I love it..
1	Horrible.  Went in looking for a gift salesgirl said buy anything pink and you get free socks.   Picked out a gift waited in a line that there was no organization to with people cutting in.  Got to the counter and the girl rings me up and I ask where are my socks and she shrugs and says oh we ran out awhile ago.  Got to love the communication or lack there of with this organization.  I won't be back.  Hello Lucy and Athleta can't wait to become a regular with you guys!!
