4	The East Side of Charlotte has seen a decline over the last few years, and a number of places have stayed empty.  One of those that hasn't is a small restaurant that was vacated by an Italian restaurant (that was quite good).  It was replaced by a Mexican restaurant, and recently we decided to check it out to see if the replacement was as good as the original.  Of course we couldn't compare the two, being two completely different types of food, but you know what I mean.On the inside of the place, little has actually changed.  This doesn't really mean anything, other than the new occupants have decided to focus on their food rather than the decoration.  This is a good sign to me, while others may take it how they like.  As you walk in you are greeted by a friendly hostess, and you get to see someone making up some homemade pupusas on the grill,  Yum!One nice touch is that this appears to be an authentic Mexican restaurant (we were the only non-Latino people there at the time), yet they actually had a menu that had English descriptions that were decent, and they also had employees that spoke English.  Don't get me wrong - I'm not saying that they should be required to do so.  I'm just saying that it was nice.  There are places in Charlotte - in fact places not far from this one - that have good food, but it's tough to get something decent because we don't speak Spanish.After sitting down, we looked over the menu and munched on some very tasty chips.  The salsa wasn't really to my liking, but that's just my personal taste.  I don't care for a lot of cilantro.  I know that some people do.The menu itself was different from what we're used to as Americanized Mexican food eaters, and that's a good thing.  Rather than your typical Speedy Gonzales combination, I went with a simple pork burrito that came with rice and beans.  Both the rice and beans were smaller portions than we are used to, but the burrito was huge!  I ate perhaps half of it and took the rest home.  But the quality was phenomenal!  Meanwhile, my wife had some sort of dish (I didn't notice what it was) that involved cheese, chicken and beans on top of those pupusa-looking things.  It was also quite tasty, and we took some of that home too.I think it is safe to we will be back - the price was cheap the food was good and we had plenty of it.  The only downside was that the service wasn't that great.  It was friendly, it just didn't come back too often.  This may be because we needed the English-speaking waitress, as it seemed the other tables had more regular service.  We may take another trip to find out.
3	The fourth and final stop on the New South BBQ Tour took us to Cocina Latina - and if you've been reading my reviews for any time, you know I've been here more than once.  That means out of four stops, I've eaten at the actual restaurants three times, and in the space occupied by those restaurants all four times.  Crap!In any case, Cocina Latina is a pretty decent Mexican restaurant, so it wasn't a bad thing that we ended our tour here (actually we ended back uptown, but we stopped eating here).The serving at this stop was two tacos - one barbacoa (lamb) and one al pastor (pork).  The lamb wasn't bad, especially seeing as I don't really care for lamb, and the pork wasn't really bad either, seeing as I was getting full from all this eating.What really did it in was that the typical good service at Cocina Latina was overwhelmed right then, trying to keep our chips full, and handle their normal crowd.  That, and the typical drinks they served - whatever they were - weren't really sitting well on everyone's stomach after all the others we had had, so they wanted water, which kept the staff jumping!
5	Cocina Latina is amazing. The Barbacoa de Borrego is great, extremely flavorful. They make their own tortillas fresh. So good. Better than the Barbacoa I've had in LA. I don't think (non-Mexican) people in Charlotte really know what's up when it comes to real Mexican food otherwise this spot would probably have a few more reviews.
5	Best and most authentic Mexican food in Charlotte. Source: I grew up and lived 26 years in Mexico City.The weekend barbacoa is phenomenal, just like home.Huaraches, sopes, menudo and tortas are all great and authentic.As for tacos, they are as authentic as you can get them in the Carolinas.
