3	i haven't stepped foot inside yet, but we picked up some food last week. The warm sandwich i got was pretty good (a greasy goodness) and the fries were just plain regular crinkle fries which would have been fine had we been given ketchup. i was satisfied enough to want to try it again sometime
3	This time i dined in. They have a big menu on the wall and when i finally made up my mind, placed my order. Staff wasn't rude, but didn't give me that thanks for coming feeling. Wasn't too thrilled with my choice this time, i thought it was the same thing i ordered last time, which i still can't remember the name...hot sandwich, beef, mushrooms, etc. i don't think i'll get that again, but i'm convinced that i will find something i really like there. The food never thrills me but entices me enough to try again. Fries were good with ketchup as predicted. Highlight: there is a picture of Macho Man Randy Savage on the wall around the corner.
4	I gave four stars because the place was clean, food was good, and service was fast. The guy that took my order wasn't overly friendly, but he wasn't rude either. As for the food I judge a sandwich for the bread as much as anything, and the bread here is great - I got wheat. My sandwich was overstuffed, making it very hard to eat. The fries are crinkle cut and we're fantastic. I ate in, which afforded me unlimited self service refills. There is no table service here. Parking was easy and plentiful, just approach from the east ( coming from Charlotte ) because there is no access from the other way - you'll have to do a U-turn.
1	Used to be my favorite pizza and sub shop but has really gone down hill the past year or so.  Many have mentioned how their recent visits have been dissapointing.
1	Wanted something close and my husband suggested Sub Corral so we gave it another shot.  I called in the order and the man/boy that took the order was not friendly at all no thank you just a "give me 20 minutes" and hung up.   The food was AWFUL.  I got the meatball sub and it was nasty (unedible) and the pizza was not good.  I will never go again.  I used to drive 20 minutes to get this pizza but now living in Belmont I will not even drive 5 minutes for it.  So dissapointing.
1	really wanted a sub. and saw this place driving by on a road trip. thought I would support small business at the same time. but they don't even seem to have SUBS. The food was horrible- I think they served me fries from the day before and they weren't even reheated.  The staff was rediculously unfriendly... it's like the 70s down here still ;-/Wish I got the WO memo on this place and not wasted my money, just threw that food in the trash, didn't even want my dog to eat it.
5	I came in here with my neighbor! I ordered the steak and cheese and he ordered the meatball sub. Not only was our order fast, it was SO good. The elderly woman was as sweet as could be & the young man that brought us our food was cheerful. I love the Celtic photos on the wall, and the amount of people that draw on the wooden seats provide a homey, childhood-esque feel to the place. Good food, good service & good atmosphere. You can't go wrong.
2	food was okay but the place is filthy. Tables were dirty. Dead flies in window seals. Window blinds have food residue splattered on them.  Ceiling fans have dust caked on them. Gross...
4	I have been eating here since I was a little girl, and it is always the same!  It is friendly, simple, and delicious!  The sub bread is so good and the crinkle fries are awesome too.  Don't expect fancy, but do expect a good lunch.
1	Astonished!  Been eating their delivered pizzas for 8 yrs, Good pies~ but this time they made a mistake and wrote down pick up.  Hour later I called, got brash woman (owner!) Who told me it was my mistake~  I asked if they would deliver, but hoped for a fresh pie~  whoa  - absolutely not!  When I asked how we could compromise,  she said she was deleting the order. Well ok I guess.I even called back to speak with manager (that's how I figured out she was owner)  and she absolutely didn't care about my 8 yrs of loyalty.Sad for them, she probably wonders why her little junky restaurant is not very successful~  and I'll tell a hundred Mt holly people about it because communities don't support business owners who do this ~ all of this over a 12 dollar pizza, pretty pathetic huh?Kelly.  Mt Holly, NC
