1	They charged $110 to tell me that my gas cap wasn't screwed on tightly. After my furious husband told them that we would obviously not be back, the manager told us that was fine, and proceeded to flip my husband off as we drove out. Nice customer service. Just for the record, we went there about a year prior to this service call for new brakes and spent about $400. The team back then was completely different and had great customer service which is why we went back in the first place. Don't go there.
1	Waited almost 3 hours for them to complete my oil change because of a plug I needed. The auto parts store kept bringing over the wrong part. They even had to send Midas people there. Customer service and communication was horrible. They kept making excuses for themselves and weren't even accommodating. They kept saying that they are trying to help by offering me the plug versus the oil pan that would be more money. I wish they would have been upfront with me and told me how long the job would take. I will NEVER come back to Midas again.
5	I went there today and the man who helped me quickly diagnosed and fixed my problem putting my mind at ease. Very professional.
5	I can't tell you as a women today how hard it is to get good service at a fair price,I went to Midas and the Manager Art was very hands on in making sure my motor mounts were fixed and at a fair price.I will continue to be a customer and I will recommend this Midas store to friends and family,very professional.                                        Debbie
5	They are under new ownership now and they were so great when I took my car there the other day! The services most oil change places charge you extra for, (checking tire pressure, topping off your fluids, bumper to bumper inspection..) they do all of this standard! The manager was so helpful and went out of his way to search harder for a cheaper part than the one that was popping up on his computer. I would highly recommend them!
5	I usually don't write reviews but since I am at an auto repair place with nothing to do, why not.  I brought my car here because it is close to my work and I have a lifetime brake warranty on my car thru Midas. I called them yesterday to see if I could get in and look at my brakes. I was on a tight schedule and they could not commit to the inspection and work being done within the time frame I needed (which was fine, I'd rather know that before my car was in pieces), so I scheduled a 9am appt for the next day.  I got here at 9am and they had my car on the rack by 9:05.  By 9:30am they had completed the vehicle inspection and gave me a cost estimate.  I am always untrusting of repair places and when I heard the mechanic mention to the guy at the counter that the rotors needed to be replaced too, I was nervous to see the estimate.  To my surprise the charge to replace the pads and rotors on the rear wheels was less than what I paid to get the pads replaced back in 2010.  Their quote was more than reasonable.  I was figuring with the brake warranty that they would find a way to charge additional but this was not the case.  There was another recommended service that I declined and they were in no way pushy about doing it.As I write this my parts just showed up at 10:10am, so I should be out of here soon.So far the experience has been great and I will definitely be back at this point.
5	So First time here, brakes started making noise since I just had them done at Firestone I  decided to take advantage of the free brake inspection and get a second opinion, I'm sitting here thinking about transferring my savings balance into my checking account, the sales manager comes up to me and says come take a look at this, I'm about to get really scared on how much money I must spend. The tech tells me that the brake hardware was old and need to be replaced. I'm just so happy that this guy was honest and took care of my issue right away.It's hard to find people who are honest and trustworthy in this town, take your car to this Midas!!!
5	There are only 2 times i write reviews 1 . Absolutley horrible reviews 2. When someone goes above and beyond forbme which is rare this day and age. So i decided to have my brakes checked because theyre making noise. So I decide to get them checked and I go online and set up an appointment I get a call back immediately from a gentleman named Chris so Chris set up an appointment let me know what's going on what the possibilities I call and try to get a quote over the phone which I know yeah there could be other things as needed but I just wanted to get a general price me a price that's actually a lot better than what I've been getting quoted everywhere else and they told me a really low price and have my wheels off and get me into a situation where the price is nearly four times more than anybody else so I take it in to buy this year and get the brakes looked at and what do you know I have loose hardware from firestones brske check. Chris tskes me out to my car abd shows me that I have a crack on my tire which could blow out when I'm driving I go ahead and get a quote on fighting on the tires and find out that I'm getting a better deal than Firestone on the tires and they have them in stock. The real reason why I'm writing this review that they put a air freshener in my car and for the thing caught my attention people don't look at the little things anymore I'm wowed. Thank you guys
5	I just got a great deal on tires on my Acura Integra I drove around and got a few prices and this place blew everybody away he also let me know that I had an issue with my axle and gave me a great price highly recommended
5	The window regulator on my 2005 Jeep Liberty went out a few months back...I didn't want to spend too much because I don't plan to keep it much longer and had managed to rig it almost fully closed by wedging napkins into the window frame...as long as I pushed it back up every time I parked, I was golden.That only lasted so long before the whole window fell into the door. I had no intenition of driving around Las Vegas during monsoon season with an open window, so I began the laborous process of trying not to get fleeced from a position of zero bargaining power.I tried a few places that aren't relevant to this review before a friend suggested I call Randy Sidhu at Midas.  This guy is friendly, knowledgable and didn't make me feel like a moron.  Not only was he able to ID the problem over the phone, he got the part in the next day.  When my schedule allowed a visit to the shop, the work was finished in under 30 minutes.  No upselling, no "I noticed your oil filter is dirty, better let me change it and take care of that leaking radiator" nonsense I've come to expect from just about every shop I go to.  As long as Randy is there, I won't go anywhere else.
5	Amazing, went to a few places in the area, and boy was a amazed on how well they treated me. First i came in for brakes the pricing was less than Pepboys, Firestone, and Meineke. The guy at the counter took me out to the car and showed me the issues wrong with my car, my brakes were toast and was able to choose brembo brake pads for a great price. This is a shop you can trust. I use yelp on two occasions great service or extremely horrible service. Highly recommended
5	My battery died at the sonic across the way a few days ago,  I was pretty upset but I walked over to midas and asked them to jump me.   They were awesome,  he was so sweet and patient with me so of course I returned to purchase a new battery.   Then a couple days later my check engine light came on.  I went to auto zone (I know) where they told me it was my battery.  Wait,  what?   So I called and talked to the guy who helped me before,  Randy, and if course he was amazing.   I brought my 4 runner in the next day to find out what was really wrong.  Randy was so helpful and explained everything to me in detail.   Thank you Randy and midas for the excellent service,  I'll definitely be back!
5	Never going anywhere else with my car! Got ripped off hardcore by Ted Weins on Flamingo and 215 earlier this year for over a grand and they didn't even fix my problem.. It was making this horrible thundering noise when I drove and was TERRIFYING especially since I have a baby riding with me almost always. Randy and the guys here took care of my car, fixed the problem, gave me two new tires and an oil change all for half the price Ted Weins charged me for nothing. Also it was done the same day! Thank you so much! So nice to find honest mechanics in town.
