2	Went there for an early dinner after their grand opening. Decor is ok, the restaurant has a huge stage, that's awkwardly placed in the middle of the back wall, tables sparsely placed around the restaurant. As per the menu, happy hour is everyday from 2-7p. We ordered the beer sampler, my husband ordered the Onion Burger and I ordered the East Valley Burger. (both medium well) and mac & cheese with fries for our kiddo. Beer came and it was good, the waiter didn't really explain much of the beers, nor the seasonal, he just gave us the paper that goes with the sampler that describes the beers. They were a good size for samplers, enough for both of us to taste and have more than 4 sips each. Our son's food came, with apple slices instead of  the fries we order; the waiter came back apologetic with the fries (FYI- the restaurant has no kiddie cups or to go cups for the kids drinks, just big, glass cups. Def not kid friendly). Our burgers came, both burgers were beyond well done, mind you we ordered them medium; we let the waiter know, but at this point we had already bitten into our flavorless burgers. Did I mention flavorless? Yes, they were; there was no seasoning whatsoever on them, they tasted like regular cooked ground beed. The onion burger claims it has horseradish cream sauce...there was less than a sliver on the burger; meanwhile the East Valley burger is described as having a cilantro lime sour cream...again a sliver, we could barely taste it. After our son was done eating, we asked for his ice cream, as it's part of his meal. The ice cream tasted like it has been sitting in the freezer for months and months. You know the kind, where there's freezer burn on your ice cream but you eat it anyway because you just have to have it...yeah that kind. Our son, who LOVES ice cream, didn't even eat it. We then asked for our check; upon reviewing it, I noticed that we had been charged the regular price for the sampler. I asked the waiter and he said that it wasn't happy hour, so I pulled out the beer menu where it clearly states: HAPPY HOUR EVERYDAY 2-7p (and then the bottom describes what the specials are); he then went to the manager and comped (is that even a word?) , whatever, he reduced the price of the beer sampler. Would we return? Maybe for their beers and possibly appetizers.  The service, beer selection and location is good, food...eh I've had better. However, I think I'd rather save my $$ and go to OHSO Brewery in Phoenix; and if we want a good, TASTY burger we'll go to Teakwoods.
1	We have been going to the Sleepy Dog in Tempe weekly for about 5 months. The atmosphere, the beer, the people, everything is great!! NOW..this place is nothing like that! We showed up for opening day, was told a two hour wait. Looking around there was a small bar with limited seating, there is a huge awkward stage taking up a huge part of the room, inside and outside there are not a lot of tables, the place is loud and uninviting. The place was crowded with pretentious and trendy people that is avoided at the other location. So...we left!!We love the Tempe location because there is no other place like it...you can bring your own food, play games, watch a movie, eat popcorn and chat with everyone around you! It's comfortable and  there are no belligerent drunks or a pretentious setting. I hope that the Tempe location stays open for a long time because of its one of a kind place and the vibe it offers! We have referred many people to that location, but WILL NOT be returning to San Tan nor referring anyone there! This place offers what every other bar offers (which is bad) and the parking sucks!!
1	Went there yesterday and service was ok server seemed busy. Beer was good but we ordered a sampler and no explanation was given on which beer was what. We ordered a few appetizers as well. Calamari was good but way overpriced for what was given.  Also ordered brewshetta as they call it and they offer five options for $10 but we found out of the five options you can only choose one for the entire order. The bread was soft and soggy and it was too much of one type, it would have been nice if there was variety. Needless to say it did not taste very interesting.  Atmosphere was so so. We had limited time to be out  and did not want to stay so we got our check and realized we were charged regular price for drinks even though it was the middle of happy hour. We did not want to wait to get it fixed so we just paid it and quickly left to a bar across the street to spend the remainder of our time. I understand they are new and so service can sometimes be slow as they work out the kinks but appetizers at this time are not worth the visit and I can get many beer options across the street at the two other bars with  good food.
2	First lets go with decor and respond to a few reviews that I have read.  The place is nice, comfortable and yes with a stage.  I guess it used to be a live jazz place so it makes sense and as a brew pub it could be utilized for live music in the future.  Onto the beers, I really enjoy Sleepy Dog beers, I think they are underrated in the market and along with their guest beers they have on tap any craft drinker will have a great selection to choose from.The problem I saw was the food and service.  Our service person was not very knowledgeable on the menu, strike one.  We asked about a few items on the menu and each time the answer that was given to us did not match the result we later got.My wife and I started with the chicken tenders.  First thing I noticed was where was the sauce?  Second, SEASONING?  The batter had no flavor, while the chicken was moist it had no flavor, especially with the limited sauce.  We also shared a burger.  They did cook it to order (close to mid rare) but again  NO SEASONING on the meat.  The burger was just basic and bland.  Fries seemed to have a ton of pepper on them but again no salt.  Not sure if the cook there has high blood pressure and refuses to use salt or is just not sure what he/she is doing back there.With one of the best sports bar/food places right across the street, they at Sleepy will have to step up the food game to compete.  However when I want a good beer I will 100% go back here.Its early, they are new, I will give them a chance to get the food kinks out tho!
4	My husband and I have been to Sleepy Dog in Tempe and fell in love with the beer so we were very excited that they now have a location in Gilbert.  We were anxious to try the food and we were not disappointed.  My husband had a black and blue burger with sweet potato fries.  It was delish!  Despite the other reviews i have read, we thought the burger was very flavorful and juicy.  The sweet potato fries were crispy on the outside, soft and sweet on the inside.  Perfect.  I had the fish and chips with jicama slaw.  I loved every bite.  The slaw had sweet red peppers, jicama and a zesty sauce.  Very good!  Enough cannot be said about the beer.  Sleepy Dog beer is wonderful.  We love every one of them.  They also have a great tap selection of other beers. The ambience is ok.  It does have the large stage.  Awkward when not in use but I think it will pretty cool when there is entertainment.  Looking forward to going back for that.  It does have a small bar that i do wish was a bit bigger.  There is a big outside  patio and plenty of seating inside.  We had great service.  The waitress checked on us frequently, was friendly and always had a smile.Sleepy Dog in Gilbert has only been opened for a couple of days and we were impressed.  Yes, there are some bugs to be worked out which is to be expected.  We definitely will be going back.
2	I went to Sleepy Dog with a friend tonight for happy hour. There are four phases to this review. I'll rank from good to bad...The beer - I loved the selection of their own brews as well as the other beers they had on tap. I tried the Sleepy Dog Tail Chaser, which was spectacular. I'm a fan of hoppy IPAs so this was right up my alley. They also had 4 other house brews on tap, and then 6 non house brews including Four Peaks Sunbru.The vibe - What a weird setup! I never went to the jazz bar it was before, but the lighting is VERY bright, including the weird neon window frames. The bar is far too small for a pub...it can only accomodate about 10-12 people inside, and then there's an outside bar that opens up to the inside. A bigger bar would definitely enhance the pub feel. For table seating, there were far too few booths and just too much open space. The stage is somewhat obtrusive and makes you feel like you are at the Improv.The service - This is where it was hit and miss. Our bartender was very friendly, and gave us beer samples and recommendations. A+Food runners seemed very confused. Three times, we had a food runner come up to the bar literally asking every seat if the food she was carrying was for them. I've never experienced anything like this. Maybe this is a function of being new, but I've been to a lot of new places and never experienced this.The food - we only had the hummus. It was pretty good, but the hummus to bread ratio was way out of balance. We ended up having to eat half of the remaining hummus with a fork. Not a huge issue, but not the best way to enjoy hummus either.If I were JUST rating the bartender, I'd say 4 stars. If I were JUST reviewing the beer offering, I'd say 4 stars. But the other issues kind of set this place back a bit. I hope next time it is better, because Gilbert needs these kinds of locally owned pubs and bars to keep people from going to Chandler or Tempe and spending where they live.
2	Went there this evening with a friend at 4 pm. Sat out on the patio, which was really nice...for a while. By 5, loud and obnoxious people surrounded us. I did not like the atmosphere at all. I also wish I had known smoking was allowed on the patio before I was seated there. The staff was super friendly and attentive. Try the street tacos! They were great!
4	My wife and I enjoyed our first visit to Sleepy Dog Pub. The food was very tasty as well as the beer selection.  Fun place, too!  One of the owners came by our table and gave us some good recommendations of what to order.  Thanks,we will return soon.
2	I seriously was wanting to love this place my wife and I love the brewery in Tempe well this bistro did not live up to the brewery whatsoever. The reason they get two stars is the service was actually pleasant, the food was Meh just as the rating states my wife thought her burger was alright not good great or bad just alright she had the Big Onion Burger fries were ok I ordered the Pot Roast that came with horse radish scalloped potatoes (which I was excited about) well the pot roast was supposed to come with vegetables as well I had a piece of carrot maybe an onion and 2 small pieces of celery that was it the beef was ok warm not hot but what I was excited about the scalloped potatoes came out soggy and cold which I told the waitress she apologized and went to get a replacement and guess what just as cold. The waitress once again apologized then a manager came by to do the same and comped a desert which was the chocolate bread pudding which came out room temperature to warm when i get a bread pudding i am expecting it to be hotter. The beers well they were good but when we received our check the first two beers we had were ordered during happy hour were not reduced in price, also speaking of happy hour we had decided on appetizers right at 7 and waitress at that time said sorry cannot get happy hour price, I am sorry come on work with me here.I will not be coming back and I am sorry about that
5	This is my new favorite hangout. The beer is great. The food quality was excellent. I had the shrimp satay and the shrimp were quality, the dish was amazing, even the veggies tasted good and were part of the dish,... not sure an after thought. My wife got the black bean burger and it was tasty. We also ordered the beer cheese soup. It was pretty good. I rated this five stars because the place is going to be amazing once they get their "newness kinks" worked out..Pros-Love the look and feelFood was kick-ass! Very Tasty and Fresh!Fantastic Beer - Had the leg humperYou could tell all the staff was friendlyThe Management was good to us, stopped by and talked with us about the wait, etc.A couple small suggestions for the management - note these "complaints" come from a good place, we really love you guys and want you to be the best you can be. -When we first came in the hostess station was abandoned. We waited a few minutes and a girl walked slowly over, offered to seat us then was overall just slow...make sure she knows to be quick when seating, ask how many are in the party and inside/outside. She was very sweet, she just needs to execute a little faster.-You were out of high chairs for our 2 year old (I saw one or two in use already)..buy a couple more, you are in Gilbert which is Family crazy...you will need more. -I saw a server drinking beer, then running out to help a table-I got my beer right away but my wife's ice tea was forgotten. Our server was not back to remind her and it took about 15 minutes to get her drink. Our server noted she was new and apologized. She was awesome, we really liked her, she just needs a little more training. She was also slow to check on us, bring our check, etc. The place is not huge, servers need to be on top of it. Watch for empty drinks, clear plates quickly, etc. Keep this server 100% she is great, just more training and urgency! Tell her to pretend she is a member of each table in her mind and to look out for her friends, do they need something, are they done? -When our beer cheese soup came out it came without spoons. It took us 5 mins or so to get somebody's attention to get spoons. Also, the crouton was funky, swap it for a regular purchased crouton or make sure yours is crunchy, it was crunchy on the outside but kinda stale and chewy on the inside. The soup itself was super good!-Food took a long time, you mentioned you were short a cook and I totally get it - the food was absolutely worth the wait. I feel kind of guilty posting this, I love the place so much...I have no doubt you guys will be 110% soon.
2	I can't attest to the beer, but everything else about this place was pretty abysmal.Atmosphere/ambiance - weird. Stage still there from jazz bar and it's just taking up space and awkward. Also feels like a cafeteria. Tables are very spread out and there's just not much to the whole space.Food - decent, but definitely not worth the price. We had the calamari appetizer, a salad, 2 kids meals and some beer and paid $52.Service - waiter was very attentive and nice, but scattered. He forgot our main meal and then actually offered to take the item off our bill. Well, yeah. You think?
1	Good beer and that's just about the only good thing
1	This place was very disappointing! The food is mediocre at best and the service was terrible. We waited 40 mins for an appetizer and then another 40 for the food.
5	was impressed.  Good food, service and atmosphere.  Difficult time finding the joint, needs better signage.
1	I'm a major craft beer drinker.  The beer here was totally awful.The Irish Red had no malty flavor -- it was dry and empty.The IPA was soapy.The English Browne had no head and was flat.The Scottish Red tasted stale.When it comes to the aroma, mouth, taste, and color, they only passed the color tests, which makes me wonder what was added to the beer.We had the calamari, which wasn't to our taste, but it might be fine for others.  The style is like large breadsticks rather than rings.  Just not our style.I hope this place gets better as Gilbert really needs a place like this.Wanted to give 'em two stars but couldn't justify it.[Our waitress was emotionless and didn't care that my English Browne was flat.]
2	Good food, terrible service!! waited over 2 hours for food and beverage. Will not be going back!!
4	I'm usually pretty long-winded, but no need in this case.  We had a great visit on March 16th for the following reasons:The beer selection.  Their own brews are great, but they have some guest taps that provide some very interesting and adventurous choices.  Brews like O'Dell Myrcenary.The shrimp satay.  This is a wonderfully prepared dish.  Two skewers of 3 very large bacon-wrapped shrimp each, grilled to perfection with a light garlic tomato compote, couscous, and nice sesame stir-fried vegetables on the side, although I think the addition of something green like snow peas or sugar snap peas to the vegetables would add to the appeal.Justin the bartender.  GREAT service.  Can't wait to go back.
3	As a number of others have said, the beer is good with a good number of choices. The food is pretty good too. The biggest issue has been service. The waitstaff is very friendly but I have had to wait ridiculously long times for very simple items. It should not take 45 mins to make fish tacos on a fairly un busy night, nor should it take 45 mins for a brownie. I'll probably go back, for the beer, if nothing else. Hopefully, they put a few more seats on the patio before then.
3	First time here. The beer was great and the food wasn't bad. My waitress was friendly but a bit on the slow side. They have their grand opening on 4/20/13. I'm sure the kinks will be worked out by then.
5	They must have retrained their servers. Last time we came service was horrible. This time around our waitress Terese, was awesome! Within one minute of us sitting down she brought my son a drink. Our food and drinks were taken and brought out quickly, and she checked on us continuously!
3	I've been there three times and if I had the option I'd give them 3.5 not 3.  My husband and I agree that their beer is the best  thing they have going for them. Their flavored mojitos have no flavor. We've had carnitas and mole tacos, as well as calamari and chorizo mac n' cheese.  The chorizo mac is delicious...calamari is overly breaded and the tacos are way under-seasoned.  We've had excellent service and will return, but only for apps and beer, until the food improves.
5	We went there not long after they first opened, ordered the boneless wings to share while we drank some beer. The beer kept coming very fast, the food took forever. Once we finally received the boneless wings, they were cold and not edible. We have since, been back three or four times and each time it seems to get better. We always receive our drinks quickly and their burgers are amazing. The hummus is really tasty as well and my 12 month old son, loves their veggie burger. I really hope that people decide to give this place a fair chance. We love it, its dog friendly and we want them to stick around!!!
2	This review pertains only to the food and service as we didn't drink. As stated on other reviews the setup is poor and seems to neither serve the dining nor bar crowd well. My wife ordered the bratwurst, only to find out about 15 minutes after ordering it they were out. She settled on the mac n cheese which after an exceeding long wait could only be described as mac n milk. A hostess asked us about our experience and the manager did comp her meal. I had the East Vally burger which was fine but nothing special. It sounded better on paper than in reality. The servers while nice didn't seem to be very good, though I will complement the hostesses for being outstanding. As a dining experience I would not recommend the Sleepy Dog though we may not be the clientele they're looking for.
5	Great food and awesome brews!
2	Pretty good food and really good beer but service was not the best. Got the wrong order and it was not corrected.  Also waited a really long time with an empty beer for the check.
3	They definitely have some kinks to work out! They're a new place- so I'm giving them a break with the problems I've had going there.  Their patio is lovely and the beer is enjoyable.  I, personally, love the Wet Snout Stout :). Hopefully my review helps you in the future, I would like to see this pub be successful! The musicians that are chosen on stage are always very talented. The sound is very crisp which is nice- sometimes a little loud but as long as the musician are great, I have no complaints there. I'm a resident of the area so I've gone into the pub several times since it opened. Each time there was something irritatingly wrong with the meal. The first time a group of my friends: the food was terribly prepared (the macaroni was drowning in bread crumbs? soggy hamburger buns and undercooked meat). The manager was very apologetic and came to our table- but I felt like he should send the cook out to apologize, then maybe the food will turn out better.Second time I was overcharged horribly for a 5 oz piece of chicken. I literally just asked for a serving of grilled chicken. So I got charged for one of their entire chicken sandwich meals- without actually receiving any of the sides that come with the meal. On top of that my friend's burger was again soggy and undercooked.  Third time, we just stopped in for drinks, our checks only came out to 5 dollars each at the most. The waitress collected all of our money from our checks and didn't bother to come back with some of our change, assuming that out of a 20 dollar bill we gave her she was going to take 15 of that for her tip (?).I'll be back for those draft beers :] and maybe the food will get better with time... Again I want to say: Hopefully my review helps you in the future, I would like to see this pub be successful! Good luck Sleepy Dog!
2	A partnership between a craft brewery and a one bar out in SE Gilbert should be a home run, but it is far from it.This place has tremendous beer selections, and the Sleepy Dog beers themselves are alright. The staff is tremendous in personality and friendliness but food is slow and on each of our trips the server missed a part of our meal (forgot a salad last Friday, missed our appetizer the Friday before)The food is just not good. The bruschetta toast came out burnt and our server said that's just toasted. The chicken on my wife's sandwich was extremely dry and not fresh. Fries often are delivered cold.Additionally, with bands every night and karaoke, the ownership seems to want this pub to be a dive bar with craft beer and poor food. And that's fine ... But we expected place with tremendous fresh food and many craft beer choices.
2	We have been in a couple times, most likely won't go back. They seem to get a kick out of bringing your meal with no silverware. This has happened to us both times we have been here. No napkin, no salt/pepper, no silverware So, you sit and stare at your meal as getting the silverware takes a long time. Meanwhile, your meal gets cold. Basic service 101, epic fail.  Also, the food is just average here, nothing special at all. If this place just opened and has any interest in building a base of regulars, they are just blowing it. I doubt they will be open in a year. Warrens had better food, better service and way better bands. They could not make it, why would a place that puts no importance in those items?
3	So, I had The Beer Sampler with was great $5 for Happy Hour For 5 Good Beers can't bet it. The atmosphere and the service is really nice. As far as the food I had the Fried Calamari was not a fan sadly not flavor even with the dipping sauce didn't make a big difference. But I will go back and I have been. I haven't ate anything else but I did have a few beer. I will be back soon
2	Beer and apps were okay but if you are looking for any sort of craft brewing atmosphere this is not it. Service was below average yet the place was slow. I like Sleepy Dog in Tempe but will never return to this location. Maybe it's an attempt to appeal to everyone but it just doesn't work here.
4	Awesome burgs and beer!
1	Being in the industry for over 9 years this place is one of the biggest disappointments I've been to recently. I was excited to see a micro brew pub in Gilbert. Beers were good if you don't mind them served in room temperature glasses. After placing our Appetizer order, It took over 40 Minutes to hit the table. Another 20 min and our dinner came out. Both with Regular fries, When we both ordered Sweet potato fries. "No big deal, it happens". But after a hour of waiting for our food it gets annoying.In our 2 hours of being there. Not once did the manager stop by and talk to a single table in the restaurant. Clearly there is no direction on the kitchen. and who I assume is "The owner" was working on his 6th drink watching it all unfold. SOMEONE needs to take charge, Or again there's going to be another name change on this building!! (I'm not one to complain, but something needs to be done)
2	I have been here a few times after my first review.  I would like to give them 1 star, but  I do like their beers and again they always have some awesome guest beers if you want to explore.   BUT that will be the only reason I will ever go back.The food situation has not been solved and management / ownership at this place is embarrassing.   I along with my wife, kid, kids friend and dog went there Saturday night for dinner.   We of course due to the dog sat out on the patio, which was crowded but seats were available.   We found a table that had been partially cleaned (a few kid cups remained) and sat.   We moved the cups to the table next to us.   We waited for a few and our server appeared, took our drink order and went behind the bar.   Our server was also the bartender, on a busy Saturday night?  We watched this poor guy the entire night run back and forth pulled in 20 directions.   He worked hard, so any problems with had were not his fault, he just couldn't handle all that was going in.So we get our appetizer,  bruchetta and like another reviewer stated a few pieces of the toast were burnt.  This shows me they have a lazy cook and / or no one checking their food before going out.  Oh did I mention the owner sucking down cocktail after cocktail two tables down and his manager sitting with him as all heck is going on?My wife was not really hungry and the kids ordered food with the appetizer, but I am still hungry so I order dinner. 35 minutes later and no food.  Awesome!!!  After flagging him down our server comes to apologize and tells me the kitchen had been having issues tonight.   Awesome again, as I look over to the owner sucking down yet another drink.  10 more minutes pass, no food, now their manager strolls by.  Half his shirt not tucked in totally unshaven (not even the neatly hip and cool unshaved look) and I really haven't seen him do anything but talk to the owner and bs with customers he knows.   I tell him about my food, he apologizes and brings me my dinner about 5 to 10 later.   The food was fair not fantastic not horrible.  Nothing that I would go back for.I will go back for beers, never again for food. . With ownership that finds it more important to drink on a Saturday night than make sure your customers are taken care of, who knows how much longer I will be able to just do that. Get your leadership together DOG!!!
1	Too bad...so sad :(We waited 10 minutes for a hostess, plenty of dirty tables inside so we had to sit outside next to a chain smoker. Waited another 12 minutes for a server (that's just 3 minutes shy of us walking out). Waitress finally came and was super nice so we decided to stay (plus we had a gift card which must've been recycled because who would buy anyone a gift card to this place). Drinks took at least 15 minutes, maybe 20.  Beer sampler was fairly inexpensive but not very good. Food was not good at all, tasteless & unappealing. Sorry but no go :(
2	I have to agree with most yelpers on this one the food is poor the beer is good. However the service was great. My friend ordered the flat bread pizza and when it came out it was a cheese pizza with a salad on top (not appealing at all). When the waitress came to ask how everything was he complained and she said that she would comp the pizza and get him the southwest pizza and comped that one too. So they are trying but I think they just need a new menu or a new cook.  I would go back for the beer.
1	Can you give zero stars, cuz that's all his place deserves. Will not come back.
3	Decent happy hour beer specials but little personality compared to the Tempe location- might be worth the further drive! The food seemed a little pricey for a pub with menu items all over the place, no general theme. The space is pretty big so even with 7 tables filled it seemed empty. They have a great patio where you can bring your dog, major plus! However, I would have loved seeing the TVs from the outside!
4	10/29/13 - Edit - Since my last edit I've been to Sleepy dog many times and they've continued to shine. The menu has been revamped with quality made from scratch food, the staff seems to know what they're doing as I haven't had a long wait for anything. I can say that Sleepy Dog has changed my opinion about their brewbub, changing my review to 4 stars. I highly recommend a pint of Red Rover!
2	It pains me to write this review. I want to love Sleepy Dog, but they go out of their way to make sure you don't enjoy your experience. My first visit was with a coworker about two months after they opened. I sat at the bar for just drinks and had great service. The bartender had great beer recommendations and was friendly. We then ordered some appetizers which took forever to arrive, well over 30 minutes. The bartender kept apologizing and mentioned the kitchen was still "getting up to speed". Understandable. Apps were a little overcooked, but not bad. Just OK. Next visit I went with my wife for dinner about three months after they opened. It was a gorgeous evening so we opted to sit outside. We grabbed a table and waited. And waited. And waited. No server came by. It had been 12 minutes and no one greeted us. I set 15 minutes as a walk-out point. At 13 minutes we were finally greeted and our drink order was taken. It then took 10 minutes for our drinks to arrive. So now we've already been here 23 minutes. We ordered calamari for an app, I ordered fish n chips, and my wife ordered a burger. The calamari was thick cut which i had not seen before and was pretty tasty. Our food took quite a while, but I didn't mind as it was nice out. The fish n chips was not very good and was slightly overcooked. My wife's burger was a bit dry and she didn't even finish it. Pricing would be fine if the service was better and food quality improved, but it's just not there. I would recommend Sleepy Dog for their beer, but not for the food at this point.
2	Good beer. Terrible service. My friend and I were in last night, while it was very slow. We were sitting at their outdoor bar, by ourselves, and it took exactly 17 minutes (yes, I actually timed it) from when I finished my first drink for one of the EIGHT unoccupied servers (and manager-owner!) to notice and offer me another.  They were too busy audibly complaining about other customers and coworkers to notice my empty glass. Disappointing since the beer is actually good. They will need to make a huge change in their service standards for a place like this to stay afloat.
5	The beer is awesome, and the bar staff was very knowledgeable.  The patio looks comfortable, but we'll have to try it out once it cools off.
1	Ugh; slow service (and they were DEAD); rare burger (ordered medium well); cold fries; and 3 out of 4 of our orders were messed up...the band was good but food and service were awful; if you want to open a restaurant; this place will be available in 6 months.
2	I really really REALLY want to like this place because a good Pub with great beer is sorely needed in the Gilbert area.  I'm a HUGE fan of Sleepy Dog's brews but this place needs serious help if they will survive.  My most recent visit was last night with my boys.Positives:-Atmosphere-Seated quickly-NEW menus, single sheet and laminated - the old ones were nicely presented in a "leather" 3 ring binder but all of the pages of the menus inside were slid into page protectors and were sticky and kinda gross.  -Friendly staff-Quick response to remaking my food after I sent it back-Apologies for the slow service -GREAT beerNegatives:-Lack of staffing - our poor server was the only one caring for the entire dining area which is pretty large.  It was busy and he was running all over the place.  There is no way he could have managed to get everything done in a timely manner and it showed.-Questionable staffing?  Someone was helping out the lone server but I'm not sure who he was.  He was plain clothed - tshirt and shorts and was waiting tables.  Is this the manager? Owner?  A regular that really likes their beer as much as I do?  Hard to tell.-Food took FOREVER to get to us and when it arrived, my fish and chips were burned.  I sent it back.  Came back quickly the 2nd time and was delicious but we had already been waiting 30 mins. My kids were done eating by the time my food came out.-Strange lay-out of the dining room.  Stage in the middle is awkward-Small bar areaIt was quite busy which I'm sure is the reason the food came out slow, was burned when I got it, and had to ask for a refill multiple times and even then waited.  If the owner or manager reads this, please know that you NEED more kitchen and wait staff.  I witnessed two tables get up and leave because they were tired of waiting for their order to be taken.  You also should have a kids' menu and the beer list ON the tables.We were there for 2 hours.  So much for running errands after we ate dinner.  PLEASE MAKE THINGS BETTER!!!  I want this place to stick around!
1	Thought we would try the place for lunch and sadly very disappointed. The food was poor. We got two "beer" bread flatbreads and it was more like stale flour bread.We were the only group in the entire restaurant for the entire time we were there. They need to step up their quality or they will sadly be out.
1	Train wreck!!!!!!  A handful of staff (??????) seated at a booth with their tablets - the F bomb flew out several times.  Get an office - booths are for customers.  Flavorless burger well done :(. No theme, except dogs.  Some Irish food, reggae music.  We won't return.
5	Fantastic local brewed beers, great food that keeps getting better, and a great staff. Excellent stage and music .... Especially since I get to play there several times a month .  Come down for a great night of acoustic rock tunes won't ya!But seriously .... I'm not trying to be biased because I hang out at Sleepy Dog even when I'm not playing guitar on stage. I simply enjoy the place .... And especially an ice cold Scootcher scotch ale brewed right here in Arizona. Also let me reiterate that the place keeps getting better. There were absolutely some growing pains when the restaurant first opened. But Sleepy Dog continues to grow and refine, with new menu items, an experienced and knowledgeable staff, and excellent events such as tap-takeover nights and charity events. A great place to hang out south of downtown Gilbert.
4	Great craft beer and great staff!! Love the live musicians!!
1	Beer and food were great.  Although we had to wait an HOUR for food! Not worth it!!
5	This place is a good bar and has great food (burgers an appetizers). The thing that puts them over most is the beer and drinks they have. Well priced and have catching names as well. I would highly recommend this place to other people.
4	Please bring back the sweet potato fries.    They were the best I hadBurgers are really good and the beer is terrificLove the service and managers
3	I have mixed feelings about this place. Love the atmosphere, the dog friendly patio, the bar set up, love that they offer other cocktails (for the non beer drinkers) The staff is always friendly(although they sure seem to have quite the employee turn over)However the food......oh the food.....not good. We have eaten there twice now, and I must say I have been disappointed both times. I will visit Sleepy Dog again (my boyfriends favorite pub) but I'll go else where for food first.
5	Absolutely LOVE their beer, especially the Wet Snout. The atmosphere is friendly and the staff is friendly and accommodating. We have become regulars here! We can even bring our dog, Lilly if we want.
5	I am EXTREMELY PLEASED to be able to give an update to my last review.I met a girlfriend for drinks here last Friday (9.20) after warning her that the last few visits I wasn't very impressed.  HOLY SMOKES did they knock it out of the park this time!Seated immediately and even though I was waiting for my friend to arrive, they kept checking on me if I needed anything.Wings?  OMG SHUT CHO MOUF - freakin TO.DIE.FOR.  Amazing flavor and they literally fall right off the bone.  I am forever spoiled eating wings ANYWHERE else.Service?  Wow. wow. wow.  Anthony (who is also one of the mangers, I learned) was AH-MAZING.  Kept our drinks filled, checked on us, moved us to the patio from indoors (at our request) with no problem, was so patient when we STILL hadn't decided if we wanted anything to eat or not.  Great guy, great service and I much appreciated how receptive he was to my feedback about my prior visits.  They are trying and they ARE succeeding!  This visit alone prompted me to return 2 days later on Sunday (9.22) for some football with another friend.  Again, great beer, great service and AMAZING wings.  We also tried the bloody marys and were NOT disappointed.  House made bloody mary mix that was fantastic.  I am spoiled (again!) that I will never be able to have another bloody mary anywhere else that will compare to this one.  You are my new favorite place, Sleepy Dog!  I'm pleased as punch that you have turned this around because you are literally a 5 minute drive from home.  KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!!!!
3	I enjoyed the Leg Humper Hefeweizen.  Hubby enjoyed the Red Rover Amber Ale. Had the chicken club with bacon and avacado. Great. Hubby had brat sandwich which had caramelized onions. I am not usually a brat lover, but I enjoyed the bite that I got. We went for lunch on a Saturday which was good for us.
2	I was so excited to have this back open after the turnover from the previous establishment WARRENS. The first few months it was open,  familiar staff, one in specific Jason who was a rockstar, dog friendly, great service, live music and the bar menu wasn't too bad.  I went back a week ago and found that there is a complete new staff who was pretty much clueless, didn't not have any of the beverages we requested which are staples such as bottles water, energy drinks and a simple lager beer.  Lastly the "NEW" BAR MENU WAS HORRIBLE   They did away with the only two things that were DESCENT,  chicken tacos and the brownie dessert.   The only way this place will make it if they get their staff trained correctly, stock their shelves w normal beverages, and create a new, appetizing menu  with great regular bar food that is norm for a pub bar!!!!   They need more tv's for sports and maybe some arcade games to keep the ambience going
5	We could not find any place to get a seat for the UFC fight then I remembered this little place by the gym.  They did not charge a cover like some of the other bars.  We were able to get an inside or outside seat right in front of the TV.  Service was very friendly and quick.  The burgers were perfect and the people, manager included, could not do enough for us.  I was so pleased to find this place.  I see some of the earlier reviews were not so good, but, this was not our experience.  Give this place a shot.  If your looking for easy, simple, and a nice local bar ambiance, you won't be disappointed.
5	I've been to Sleepy Dogs a few times now and have not been disappointed yet! The service has been outstanding and my most recent visit proved that they really have some of the best wings that I've ever tasted. Another one of my all time favorites is the pretzels and beer cheese! I am a huge fan of beer and they have an excellent selection of Brews. I truly enjoyed the Red Rover Irish Ale and the Scootcher Scottish Amber Ale which I never would have tried had it not been for the manager Anthony. He was so patient and helpful in suggesting different beers and giving me samples to make sure I would be happy with my selection. I also had a really good experience recently when going there to watch football last Sunday night. Jake was our server and he had a great personality in addition to his distinct ability to find food choices that we thoroughly enjoyed. I love the vibe at this place...the live music is great and it's so cool that our dog can join us on the patio! I highly recommend Sleepy Dog Brewpub if your looking for a great atmosphere with excellent service and delicious food and beer!
3	The best part of my meal was my drink. I had fireball and hard cider. For dinner I had  the chicken and waffles. They were ok. Probably would have been better if it was hot. But getting back to the drink. Yummy! Perfect for the season.
2	So far the wait for food, service, drinks, blah blah is a little excessive, like 30 minutes? Probably a good idea to over staff on a Saturday during the holidays right next to Kohls at lunch. Just sayn.. Food leaves something to be desired, sorta flavorless and heaven forbid you ask for ranch with a salad, it will take all day and will only arrive with the box after lunch. I would come back ONE more time for the beer and BEER alone, (just to try it).The overall theme is a bit confusing, a stage at a brewery? Is it me or do I just not get out much, but a stage?
3	my husband and I have been to the Sleepy Dog in Tempe and fell in love with the beer so we were very excited that they now have a location in Gilbert.  We were anxious to try the food and we were not disappointed.  My husband had a black and blue with sweet potato fries.  It was delish!  Despite the other reviews i have read, we thought the burger was very flavorful and juicy.  The sweet potato fries were crispy on the outside, soft and sweet on the inside.  Perfect.  I had the fish and chips with jicama slaw.  I loved every bite.  The slaw had sweet red peppers, jicama and a zesty sauce.  Very good!  Enough cannot be said about the beer.  Sleepy Dog beer is wonderful.  We love every one of them.  They also have a great tap selection of other Sleepy Dog in Gilbert has only been opened for a couple of days and we were impressed.  Yes, there are some bugs to be worked out which is to be expected.  We definitely will be going back.Update- Went last night (1/4/14) around 8pm.  Sign said "closed for the holidays".  Holidays are over.  What gives???
2	Looks like this dog is Dead.No great loss IMO, but it was nice having a locally made beer alternative to Gordon Bierch in the far east valley. The Sleepy Dog beers all have a slightly sweet finish, this is a sign of inexperience and reminds me of brewpubs of the 90's. The food and service was up and down like a yo-yo, as was the decor, bar setup, and general management.To bad with proper management, and beer, this place had potential. Good news is there are 3 new eating/drinking establishments across the street. Blue 32 Sports GrillHarvey American Public HouseFox Cigar Bar (My personal favorite)All three offer a nice selection of craft beers on taps, live music, and above all excellent service. The Sleepy Dog didn't stand a chance.
1	We were really excited to try a new place with live music. Pros- 1. Great beer2. Friendly staff. Cons- 1. Really subpar food (at least the things that we ordered. 2. Very small menu (that were on filthy well used printer paper)3. Shockingly unfortunate margaritas (perhaps just an unskilled bartender)4. A band that started 45 minutes late and conducted a loud, feedback rich sound check for more than a half hour of our meal. 5.  The overall look, atmosphere and branding is really inconsistent. The floor plan and patio are really cool and the potential for live music is promising. However, it would appear that the powers that be really put the cart before the horse with the launch of this venture.
