5	I've been seeing Dr. Seema Mohan for 2 years now. She is an excellent doctor - very thorough and she actually listens to you to determine how best to treat what's going on.  A shocker I know - there are very few primary care doctor's I've come across that fit this profile. Definitely worth a visit, even with the distance to Carefree.Also, she keeps appointments open daily for emergency visits. 5 stars in my book!
1	Most of my extended family was going to Dr. Mohan...no longer. The terrible attitude getting an appointment and the complete lack of follow-up when seriously sick, has forced us to go elsewhere. They do not provide an easy way to contact the doctor with a question.  On two occasions I called with a question and did not get a call back.  I know of other doctors that allow text messaging direct to the doctor and they reply promptly.  With a serious illness I tried to reschedule an appointment to no avail. The help in the office is rude and gets crucial things wrong like the location where my CT scan was booked. Additionally, they provide no automatic reminders for annual physicals.  This medical practice provided poor service overall and was very disappointing.
5	After going too the same doctor in Oregon for 30 years i found Dr Mohans office  when I moved to AZ.   I have nothing but good to say about my experiences.  I've unfortunately had a series of health issues.  So I'm a frequent visitor.  Doctor Mohan, the PA and NP are always very thorough and now have a cardiologist once a month.  I've had sudden problems and always Been able to get  in immediately.  Dr Mohan discusses her patients visits with the  PA and NP and I've often gotten phone calls to return for immediate follow up after her review.  My elderly mother was visiting from Oregon and had a nasty fall.  She went to the ER then I brought her for follow up.  She didn't bring any of her Medicare or insurance info. Dr Mohan treated her and said we will figure out the insurance later.  And they still ask how she is every time I visit   I'm happy with the practice.  If people are happy they generally don't post.  And Carefree is not known for its youthful population.  So most probably don't yelp
1	Front office (whoever answers the phone) are downright rude everytime. I will be switching doctors, as every call is unpleasant. Someone needs to give the front desk people some communication skills.Just had a follow up and they wanted me to fill out all the forms AGAIN! I'm done with them! If you want a pleasant office experience, you are NOT going to get it at their practice.
