4	THE SOUTHEAST GATEWAY PARK TO ANGEL PARK TRAIL  Angel Park, located at the southwest corner of Durango Drive at Venetian Strada is the Gateway to Angel Park Trail. At 6 acres, Angel Park provides tennis courts, a playground,  open grassy spaces, picnic tables, and a scenic view of the distant mountains towering over the adjacent Angel Park Golf Course.  Angel Park is a nice place for families and laid back people. There is a well-kept playground adjacent to picnic tables. When people swing on the two swings, they take in the photo spot of the distant mountains towering over the close-up Angel Park Golf Course. When people step off the swings, there are a couple of turtle statues nearby, if I am not mistaken work as a splash pad. When people walk further back they will reach the dead-end of the tennis courts. Minus graffiti,  offensive words are nonexistent on park equipment. This adds to the family-friendly environment.   Pink pathways (to my eyes) and green grass are the attractive color patterns of Angel Park. The pink different the Angel Park walking path from the Angel Park Trail that feeds into it and runs parallel along the north border overlooking Angel Park Golf Course. The majority of the 6 acres is a carpet of deep green grass sparsely blanketed by a canopy of trees. Angel Park is where people step off Angel Park Trail to shape-up at fitness equiptment. Happiness is health. And Angel Park is an attractive spot to get happy.  The major flaw of Angel Park is that it needs a parking lot. The only place to park is on Venetian Stranda. On my visit, I parked a relatively short distance north of Angel Park in the R.T.C. Park & Ride at Durango and Westcliff. It only took a few minutes for me to reach Angel Park by ways of Angel Park Trail.  Angel Park is a nice Gateway to Angel Park Trail. The City of Las Vegas is doing a nice job maintaining it, controlling graffiti and vandalism, and keeping it clean. This is the type of environment that I enjoyed spending some time in when I stepped off the Angel Park Trail.
5	Angel Park playground and fenced water feature. Near two tennis courts, a trail that leads to Angel Park Golf Course, a walking/jogging track, picnic areas and public restrooms.
3	This park is a nice park with a lot of grassy area and connected to some nice trails. It is your average barely maintained City of Las Vegas park.
