4	I was totally creeped out by El Charro when I first went in there.  Super dark (like, you seriously cant see in there for about 5 minutes when you first walk in and are literally blinded by the AZ sun when you come back out), cold, and at the time SERIOUSLY smoky (but not anymore).  Its very small and cave-like, but dont let the weird ambiance deter you from trying this mexican joint.I always have the cheese tea, which is just a cheese quesadilla so I dont know why they have this odd name...  They also have the mexican cheese tea which is filled with cheese and beef.  Its lathered in butter so be prepared to hit the gym afterwards, but its worth it.  The burritos are good too, and surprisingly I hear they make an exceptional cheeseburger. Be forewarned, El Charro closes for three months in the summer, so call for open hours.
4	Good, standard Mexican food.  Mexican food to me is mostly all the same.  A good Mexican place tastes basically the same as the next good Mexican place, so don't expect anything mind blowing here.  Expect good food and good service for a good price.  They do serve RC Cola which I love... much better than Coke or Pepsi.Don't come here for "healthy eating", pretty much everything is made with lard....and as expected, tastes good.They have a full bar and there are always a decent amount of people eating, but not too packed.  This place is family owned/run and has been here for over 22 years.
4	El Charro has been in Mesa  f-o-r-e-v-e-r. The other reviewer was correct in that it used to be super smoky, but not anymore. Since the place is small, every table was a smoking table. My chain-smoking parents loved that back in the day...ha. The food is wonderful. The inside is dark, old school, and it's like stepping back in time with the sticky vinyl booths and 70's table tops. They did paint it a dark green on the inside many years back, which was a nice change from the dark red it used to be. It used to be like stepping into a horror flick. My parents have been going here since the 1970's. We practically ate there every week when I was a child. I missed it dearly when I moved out of state. Don't know if El Charro is necessarily authentic but that doesn't matter to me. The soft tacos are my personal favorite. The chips are usually always hot. They have two salsas, a hotter one in a squeeze bottle and a milder one in a bowl, both very good. The prices are reasonable, the staff is nice, and your food comes out very quickly. :)
3	A fitting embodiment of It Is What It Is.I've been twice, in 1991 and again in 2005. From what I can remember, it hadn't changed at all between then. Smoky in the bar area, though another review tells me that's old news now. I wasn't 21 for either of those visits, but I can imagine sitting at the bar for a couple of hours around lunch would give me the full experience were I to do it now.Food-wise, nothing spectacular with the enchiladas I ordered the last time. But the beauty of El Charro is that it doesn't advertise itself as the best of the best, just a fixture at that location and a reputable spot to grab a drink or some acceptable Mexican food if you're in the area. I'm sure if I find myself near that part of town again some afternoon I'll stop in again.
1	Dingy, dark, dirty, sticky -- that's your table. Greasy, unappealing, low quality -- that's your food. Someone obviously put a lot of time, money and love to build this business (from the decor I'm guessing it was once an interesting, somewhat upscale place). Today, it's a dump.I ordered the chile relenos. The beans and rice were overcooked and tasteless. There was more egg than chile, though it was hard to tell because of all the cheese congealing over the plate. I'll never go here again.
2	Grew up w/El Charro, USE to be great, now it's just 'go there if someother place is closed'! Dark and family orientated but I want good food, and you don't get it here.
4	This place is practically an institution in Mesa. It's been here for several decades... and it shows. The booth cushions are toast, the lighting is shabby and bare, it needs new un-green paint. However, this is fantastic Mexican food at a very reasonable price. Perfect for lunch or a casual dinner.Don't let the neighborhood scare you off... it's perfectly safe.
3	Atmosphere inside is dark and has an old school feel. I had the guacamole tosada and it was ok.  I'll probably get something different if we go back though.  My boyfriend and my dad got the chimichanga and they loved them.  The service could have been better.  I didn't ever get a refill on my drink and I don't know about you, but when I pay $2 for a soda, I'd like to get a refill.
4	Can you say awesome beans and rice, wonderful hot sauce, and lots of mormons?!? Normally, I would never eat at a place that looks the way El Charro does on the outside and on the inside. But ever since trying to impress an ex boyfriends parents by eating there with them, I have been a fan and can now zone out the atmosphere. They have really good bean burrito's and tacos, but what I really go there for is the rice and beans which are usually mediocre and are simply there in case you need a little somethin more at other restaurants. I can't describe what makes them so great at El Charro but they just are! The beans are the perfect consistency (not too runny, not too thick) and the rice has great flavor and big chunks of tomato and onion. Also worth of a shoutout are the salsa (chunky with really good flavor) and the macaroni salad that you can get with certain meals (its home made I believe). Downsides are that they charge you for more than one bowl of chips and salsa sometimes (I think if you are on their good side, they will not charge you), and their chili rellenos suck!!! Whatever you do, don't order them. I guess the inside and outside of the building could use some spucing up as well. This place is an institution in AZ and in our family.
4	Fresh chips and salsa and fabulous green chile.  The negative is that they close for a good portion of the summer.
5	Been eating here all my life! The letter D crisp and green chili burrito are my top choices!
5	Let's address those who give this place a few stars and say it is dark and gloomy. These persons were obviously expecting something else. I happen to appreciate that somethings do not change. The Florentino Room is a dank and dark bar lined with Ezra Brooks decanthers worth more than your lunch. The food, good. You go here because this is El Charro, a tradition with good and long time Arizona families. If you and yours are from                , well, we can't help it can we?
2	Where do I start? With this being one of the oldest Mexican restaurants around the area I thought they would have mastered what they served! Im a fairly adventuras eater so I deceided to try the tongue. I didnt know that you could keep tongue for the 80 years or so that the restaurant has been there but I guess they did! It was soo pungent and gamey I could only eat a few bites and that flavor and aroma stayed with me for many hours with every acidic and bloated belch!The good thing about the place is that it has survived this long and is a good place to hang out and drink if you dont want to have to do it with a bunch of roudy kids.
3	El Charro seriously lacks in the ambiance and decor department.  Its is pretty shabby looking...inside and out.  Its the kind of place that I would drive by and say...why would anyone stop there to eat?  But one night my coworkers wanted to check it and I was stuck because they were my ride.  I admit I was pretty skeptical and and actually a little pouty about their dining choice.  I kicked up the attitude even more when we were seated at a sticky table that wobbled.  I contemplated not ordering anything, but my growling stomach was telling me to shut up and order some damn tacos already!  So I ordered the shredded beef taco combo and looked on the bright side; if I get food poisoning at least I get the day off of work!  But let me just say, El Charro is a perfect example of not judging a book by its cover.  The food was very, very good.  Seriously the best hard shell taco I have ever had!  The shells are made to order so they have that fresh from the fryer awesomeness to them.  The beef was seasoned very well and a dollop of sour cream cooled down the tasty fire their red hot sauce brings to the dish.  I can't say much about the rice and beans because I didn't eat more than a bite...the 2 tacos were huge and more than enough to fill me up.  Seriously a 4 star meal...but I just can't bring myself to give El Charro a better rating.  They seem to do some pretty good business so my advice to them would be to sink some money into this joint and update it a little.
4	Just a little tip I had forgotten to mention: El Charro closes for several months during the summer. So if you are planning on going during the summer months, you might want to call and make sure they are open....
4	I have been going to El Charro since I was in the womb!  This place is without a doubt a tradition.  The food is good, but not spectacular, the place is small and a bit dingy but like I said it's tradition.  Avoid the margaritas they are never good no matter how many times we try them.  I'm not sure I would take people here from out of town or to show them the great food of Phoenix by any means but my son will grow up with it just like I did, it's just yummy, inexpensive and tradition!
4	i've been going here since i was a kid! chips and salsa are so good! i am not sure if the food is super awesome, it may be a nostalgic thing, but can't help but love it!
1	We were handed the menu and told to take the last booth. We sat down. Looked at the menu for a sec. Were bothered by it and walked out. Terrible host
5	I've been going here since I was 5 years old and have yet to find a better Mexican food place!
5	El Charro is just the best Mexican food I've ever had, hands down and I looooooves me my Mexican food. Unfortunately I live in California now where they believe Mexican food has to be pretty above all else. Mexican food is NOT about pretty! Mexican food is about greasy cheesy spicy goodness wrapped in deliciousness and fried in real lard! I've been going here for decades and every time I'm back in Arizona I make it a point to go at least twice. People who are hung up on 'host services' or other BS should just order the green chili burro and shut up. This place is about speed, cheap, and wanting to gorge yourself on everything on the menu until they have to cart you out in a wheelbarrow with smile on your face so wide they can count your fillings.OK, since I should be 'unbiased' and 'fair' and all that stuff, here: 1. Cashier/host staff aren't exactly plucked from the Rainbow Room. They can be in a hurry or just lazy. The wait staff are good though.2. As unhealthy as it gets if you're insane enough to care when food is this good.3. The music - recently they started piping in some 'authentic' Mexican music to add some sort of ambiance. They need to go back to how it used to be, it does get annoying.4. I'm reaching for a con here but If you are into taking a long time savoring your appetizer before the mains come, you'll be disappointed. The waiter goes to the kitchen, the door swings open and the door swings back as your waiter emerges with your food. Some days I was sure they were psychic because I couldn't believe it was that fast.5. Hands down the MOST ANNOYING thing about El Charro is that it closes for an agonizing 2-3 months in the summer time. Yes, no one wants to be in Mesa in the summer time, but COME ON the people need their fix!But let's be honest, those cons are NOTHING compared to the pros of this place. Go here, go here often and take your friends/families.
5	This was our first time to this place and it was great!!!   We arrived at 5:30 on a Friday evening and the place was packed.  We were seated right away and the waitress was there within in a couple of minutes for our drink order.  She was back within a few minutes with our drinks and we ordered.  She was back again within a few minutes with our food.  I couldn't believe how fast the food came out of that kitchen and piping hot.If you are looking for a good Mexican meal, with good service then this is the place for you.  Don't expect fancy, as this is a very casual restaurant with good food and fast service!
2	It is the typical old school sonoran mexican joint. Nothing wowed me. Tamale was close to hormel from a can. Taco was good.
5	I have been going to El Charro since a young child and it is fantastic. We eat there at least once a week. These are my top favorites:Bean TostadaMexican Cheese TortillaBean and Cheese BurritoGreen Mix BurroIf you sit in the bar they serve a bean dip at night that is fabulous, get there early though as they only make one pot for the night, once its gone, its gone. Stop in and give them a try, you wont be disappointed!
1	OK folks, here we go.  When we walked in I thought to myself " damn this food must be amazing because it looks like a dive bar in here"  I was wrong.  The service was great and as a server myself, I tend to notice these things.  I should have realized how the food was going to be when I noticed every person there was Caucasian. Its a bad sign when eating Mexican food. By the way, we are both white. We ordered a chicken burro and expressed that we could not have dairy as my girlfriend is allergic.  We asked for guac, pico, rice and lettuce to be added.  I ordered the tongue plate.  When our food arrived it looked OK at best.  My girlfriend checked her burro and realized it only had chicken. Its an $8 burro.  I asked the server if we could get the things I asked for and was told "sorry, we are old school.  the cooks wont do it"  We decided to push on.  My girlfriend took one bite and said it tasted like microwave, unseasoned chicken.  She made it 3 bites in before we paid and left.If you want mediocre "Mexican food" in a dark dingy incredibly outdated restaurant, this is the place for you! Good luck.
3	Highly recommended to us and always packed, but it was just ok. The salsa and chips were good and if you wanted more, you get charged for it. Yeah, the normal chips and salsa that comes out to every mexican restaurant. It was slop on a plate and the seasoning was off to me. I had tacos and the flavoring was salty and my girlfriend had beef enchiladas and they were cheese with beef put on top. So now we go across the street to the blue adobe I think it is called. Across the street to the right.
2	We were visiting from out of town and this place was recommended as 'authentic mexican food'.  Well, it's not authentic Mexican food, but authentic old fashioned tex-mex. Old Lounge style atmosphere, kind of tired, but service was good. Our food came out immediately, which tells me that it was just sitting in the kitchen waiting to be plated.  My husband ordered the chili relleno, which was basically a 3-egg omelet with a poblano pepper inside, not fried in a batter and no cheese on top (that's what we're used to).  I ordered the enchilada / tamale combo plate.  Tamale was ok, but the enchilada's were.... something else.  The tortilla was kind of tough the cheese seemed tough too  Maybe it wasn't just melted enough. Everything was just glooped on the plate together. Anyway, this place might be ok if you live around the corner and everybody knows your name, but if you're going out for a meal that counts then skip it.  There's just too many other good choices out there.
1	This place does not deserve not even one star.  As we open the door you are slapped with an odor of mugginess, mold, mildew, grease, humidity and stinky dirty carpet.  I understand this restaurant has lots of memories to mesa residents and has been around but the ceilings have watermarks, the walls and artwork look greasy and dusty.  Chairs are filthy and dirty.  Hostess/cashier needs to be more welcoming and attentive. Our waitress was not courteous at all. Not once did she come by after our meal was served to see if we needed something.  Either people don't know what real Mexican flavor is all about or El charros clients have some serious taste buds issues that need immediate attention.    HOW in the world is this place in business!! I am sorry if I am offending anyone BUT the food is disgusting.  I ordered a Chile relleno it should be renamed omelet with a green Chile inside it.  Rice was overcooked and mushy,  Beans were so so. One of the people in my party ordered the 2 tacos and tamale.  OMG!!! Tamale with tomato sauce something out of a can???? Tacos, don't get me even started there, how could they serve this????The meat was too dry, too dark, and shredded to the point where it looked like ground up road kill from 3 days ago.  The only decent thing on our plates were the chicken taco that was edible.   I consider myself very adventurous and trying new restaurants and cuisines and I have a very adaptable palate but this is not good homemade/american/mexican food.   IF they are going to close only for the summer use that time wisely upgrading or doing some cosmetic changes to the restaurant but most of all get new cooks and training your current staff. A smile goes a long way.....I hope that this restaurant is only in business due to their established and loyal clientele because if you are a new customer I wouldn't even spend a penny.  I left feeling hungry but most of all pissed because I actually paid for bad food.  Next time I am taking my client to any hole in the wall restaurant or street vendor where I am sure I will find some flavor in my food.  I am so disappointed with this place and can't believe they said this was a good restaurant.
4	If you are looking for a good Mexican restaurant, this is the place to go!El Charro has been at this location for many years. My husband used to go there as kid and he's in his 30s. I'm not even a huge fan of Mexican food but I do get a craving once in a while and El Charro is one of two places I like to go.The price is right and food is even better. Everything I've had is delicious and their guacamole is one of the best. Lots of flavor and generous portions too. Their tamales is definitely one of the best ones.The service can be really crappy. Their dining room and bar is completely separated by a door. The regular waitress in the bar is fantastic and never had a problem with her. The dining room however has been a disappointment many times. They're slow and don't like to come by very often. Last time we were there, we waited 20 minutes for a refill and container but never got them. We had to go ask someone for a container and just left. But it seems pretty consistent that we end up waiting a long time for any service once food is out.They do close every summer for couple of months so be sure they're open if you go July-September.
5	My favorite place for Mexican food. This place has been a family favorite for a very long time.
2	Girlfriend wanted Mexican food and not just a regular run to Taco Bell. She mentioned El Charro since she grew up in Mesa. I have to say I was not impressed. I'm not very demanding either but I'll take the "gringo" Mexican food served at Tee Pee's any day over the food I was served here. Service was fine but the decor seems or rather is very outdated. Dark and green. We ate at the bar area and the best part of the meal was the chips and salsa I can say that. Ordered a sour cream enchilada off the menu and it was just so so to be honest. I'd eat there if someone wanted to but I won't be making the trip voluntarily. I can however see how for some it's a family tradition,etc. Just won't be mine.
5	My sister suggested El Charro last night for dinner. I had never been and after looking at some reviews I wasn't sure what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised. Yes, the interior is a little dark and dated, but I found it somewhat charming as I don't like cookie cutter restaurants. Our service was great. Our server was very sweet and attentive. Never had to wait for drink or chip refills. During our meal 2 other employees also came to check on us and see if we needed anything. I'm not a huge fan of Mexican food so I ordered a cheese quesadilla which was delicious. The tortilla tasted and appeared to be homemade. My sister had the sour cream enchiladas which she really enjoyed. Prices were very reasonable. For our 2 meals and drinks we paid around $19. I would definitely go back.
1	Disgusting. Tasted like dog food. Waiter was definitely on something. AND he stunk. Gross. Will never, ever eat there again!
5	Hands down best place ever! I've been going here for 24 years and I love it!
1	I live not too far from here so we stopped in since we always see it's crowded and assumed it must be good.  Not!  I'm hispanic and this is the worst mexican food I've ever had in my entire life.  Totally revolting.  We were amazed at first how quickly the food came out.  When we got our order, we understood why. Everything is microwaved.  The rice had dried out pieces from the microwave.  My taco was most likely prepared in advance and reheated since all the meat in it was dried out.  Also, on the decor, they have the hostess station and cashier literally right at the front door.  So, if you're coming in, you are blocking the way of those trying to leave.  The restaurant is very dark, probably in an attempt to hide the filthy mouldering carpet, dilapidated torn seats and greasy walls.  It sure looks like they've never bothered to remodel once in the entire time they've been open.  Which is fine as long as you also clean and take care of damaged items; which unfortunately is not the case here.  We left hungry and went to Alibertos down the street which, while not the best, is cheaper and fresher.  I was so mad that I paid for horrendous food.  I will not be going there ever again.
1	Let me first say that IF I was able to give ZERO stars I would for this restaurant.  Apparently, they do not read their reviews, as if they did maybe things would change...MAYBE!My husband and I decided to try El Charro out for the first time on Saturday, we were very much looking forward to trying this so called "Mesa Gem" since it is very close to our home.  Upon entering the building we were greeted by the hostess, she told us it would be about a 10 minute wait, and if we wanted, we could go in the lounge for drinks & they would come get us when our table was ready.  We proceeded to the lounge and after a couple minutes the bartender came and took our order.  She asked us if we would like chips & salsa while we waited and we told her that would be great, well she NEVER BROUGHT THEM.  Several minutes later she finally came back to check on us, and I asked her if the hostess would come and get us back here and she assured us they would, she then let us know that we could just eat in the lounge so we didn't have to wait on a table, we decided that would be great since we were very hungry, and she said "I will get you some menus"...since it was taking forever for her to grab a couple menus I decided to go to the front and see how long it was until we got our table since we had already been waiting over 20 minutes.  When I asked, they said "we called you at 6:51 and you didn't answer"...I politely told them that we were in the lounge and were assured that someone would come get us when our table was ready, the hostess apologized and said she will work on getting us a table right away.  I went back to the lounge and sat back down, three other patrons came in, were seated, given chips and salsa right away, and drinks were being poured all the while we sat with NO SERVICE!  The bartender finally came back after 10 minutes of ignoring us and asked "so, do you want to eat in here?", we said "we told you 10 minutes ago that we wanted to eat in here and you went to get menus and never came back, so no, we have decided to leave since we are getting terrible service", she looked at us, gave a nasty dirty look and walked off.Needless to say, we will NEVER return to this place.  How it has been in business for over 34 years is beyond me.  Never in my life have I ever been treated so poorly at a restaurant.I truly hope that this review helps others in their decision, don't be like us and give them the benefit of the doubt despite quite a few bad reviews.
4	This is Old School Mexican and just about as good as it gets. Inside, it looks dark and dingy. The furniture looks as if it were bought in 1963. The dining room/bar is well-worn and comfortable. Upon sitting, drink orders were taken and homemade salsa and chips were brought and refilled without our asking. The food arrived quickly after ordering and it was HOT (temperature and spice). The food is great and there's plenty of it. The three of us enjoyed green chile rellenos, enchildas and burritos. Each entree came with refried beans, spanish rice and cole slaw. They have a full-service bar, but we've only been there for lunch. Soda on the gun are RC products. The iced tea is brewed (kudos!!). Service was well above average. Our server was attentive and knowledgeable. Our glasses were never empty for long. The food is excellent. The waitstaff is attentive. The prices are reasonable. Three men had lunch (with a tip) for under $40. What more can one ask?
4	I know people are going to disagree with me, and that's fine. The food isn't great, the service is iffy, the decor is awful, the place reeks of smoke from the lounge even though indoor smoking was banned years ago, but I really love me some El Charro. So much so that I drive from the far west side to Mesa for the experience. Their hot sauce alone is worth the drive. The food is gringo-Sonoran, and is as good as any gringo-Sonoran out there. Tacos, enchiladas, tamales, chimichangas, you know the drill. There are also dishes that aren't found everywhere, like the Spanish Tongue Platter. This is something special. If you like Sonoran-style food and 50s-style dives, El Charro is the place for you.
1	Last time I went here I got food poisoned, so tread carefully.
2	No chicken fingers or chicken nuggets for the little ones.
3	I have been a die hard fan of this place but over the past couple of years something has happened to the quality of the food, it's gone down. My advice? catch it when they open up from being closed all summer, maybe the staff will have a renewed excitement about making the food. Anyway that's my plan and I will let you know .
5	ARE THEY OPEN AGAIN YET?I swear it's been forever since I've seen they closed for the summer. Anyways, hope they are so we can resume going. My husband's family has been going to this place for his entire 30 years of existence so it would be blasphemous to give this place less than 5 stars for the sense of tradition it holds in their family. There's not anything I could quite say about their food or decor to set it apart from other Mexican restaurants...but it's just El Charro! You either love it with all your heart or...you're indifferent to the place! lol One thing's for sure, you always get your food FAST. They have their system down pat in the back, and I've seen the same servers there for the three years I've been coming to this place. Ryan's seen the same servers since he was a little kid! So they must treat their servers well.El Charro's will always be a family favorite. It's an oldie but a goodie!
1	This place is an "old school" Mesa staple that is always packed... with white people, go figure. That should've been the first red flag to walk out. However after years of avoiding this place I was caught in moment of weakness and proximity. Bad decision. Disgusting!  Sent back two plates. One was cold and the other was a disaster, like someone threw up on my plate. I just walked out. El Charro needs to change its name to El Chafa or El Chorros.
5	I've been here twice now. Last time I got 3 hard tacos and this time I got 3 soft tacos. Both were great! Very filling and delicious.  My wife orders the cheese enchiladas and those are very good as well. Highly recommended!
4	Tacos and margaritaswere iffy, the rest of the dinner was good and our server was pleasant.
3	Not again ! I think next time I go to Mesa AZ I will check for non authentic names. I got cheated!
5	My absolute favorite Mexican food restaurant on the planet. I live in Mexico for two years and craves El Charro even after eating authentic Mexican food. Their hot sauce is seriously the best I've ever had and my favorite things are just the classic bean burrito or cheese crisp. Definitely a must go and you've got to have the hot sauce. I crave it all the time. I don't know how this place doesn't have 5 stars.
1	How has this place been in business so long.  The service was creepy , the atmosphere dirty and out of date, the food was below average.  The place was empty (not surprising) and yet our food took forever to come out.  Highly recommend to go across the street to Blue Adobe.
5	Great Mexican place that's been around forever. I recommend the back bar side of the restaurant which is separated from the main dining area. Great for day drinking our just getting out of the heat in Arizona. Really good food, family owned. Easy 5 star.
5	Loved it.  Good old fashion Mexican food.  Had the combo of tamale, cheese enchilada and taco.  Nothing fancy, just good old fashion mexican food.  Had the enchiladas with red sauce.  Used to go to Globe when I wanted old style Mexican dishes but I think this is close.  It's still hard to beat Globe for good mexican food but this is close.  I will be back.
5	Best mexican food on earth! The bottles salsa is incredible!! Ohhh and the shredded beef tacos are the best I've ever had. I know it sounds funny but their cheese quesadilla is unbeatable. They make something so simple absolutely amazing! Unfortunately, they keep raising the prices so I am not able to visit as much as I would like. El charro please decrease your prices and I will see you ever week!
4	Now I admit the only reason I first walked in is because there's another EL Charro where I was growing up in Montrose California. It's not the same owners, but the food is really good. Maybe a tad bit overpriced, but it's an enjoyable experiene. The wait staff has always been reasonably friendly, but as long as they do their job competently (which they do) I really don't care how much time they take to chit chat with you. It's not the prettiest of restaurants, but that doesn't bother me. I"m willing to try any hole in the wall as long as the food is good. The only think that bothers me is that they don't serve Coke or Pepsi, they serve RC Cola. Not the biggest deal in the grand scheme or thing, but it might throw some people off. All together though, I would  recommend this place for sure. I don't get to eat there are often as I'd like anymore since I no longer live in the area, and it's quite unfortunate, as it's hard to find decent Mexican food in my area.
4	I really enjoy this place. Food was awesome both times I went. Only gripe is they close between lunch and dinner hours.
5	El Charro is a family tradition and will continue to be. I've told my loved ones that if I am ever to a point where I have to order my last meal ever, it will be a cheese quesadilla and chips and salsa from El Charro. I could then die happily. And make sure Colette is my waitress.   Love this restaurant and always will.
4	Found these guys by accident and I've got to say it was a happy accident. The only reason it's 4 stars is because the decor and ambience are a bit quirky. You need to get past that and enjoy the food. Green chile beef relleno was excellent. Just spicy hot enough (I usually have to add hot salsa at restaurants because the spices are too wimpy). Husband had Sonoran enchiladas which were unlike anything I've ever had before. Servers were all friendly, quick to respond to requests and attentive. If you get here and are dismayed by the definite "50s look" complete with hokey neon martini glass, go in anyway cuz you won't be dismayed by the food.
