5	Very nice customer service from this company!I had them install rain gutters on my house last year to keep my garden from flooding in my backyard. Last week it was really windy and I noticed part of the rain gutter near the roof pulled away from the house a bit, and it was tapping on the side of my house and making noise.I emailed them about it over the weekend and asked them to come look at it, and when I woke up this morning, I found a note on my front door from them (Tim), and he said he came by and fixed it. I was really impressed with this. I had no idea they were coming this morning. They got the repair done while I was asleep, and I didn't even notice until I found the note from Tim on my door.
5	We had this company install our shutters for the entire home. Best price quoted. Business licenses & Insurance checked out. Shutters were installed on schedule. Our shutters are beautiful! Service was friendly and professional. My only advice to the company (if you're reading this) is to call and give your customers an update on the exact date and time of installation, preferably prior to 24 hours notice.
1	We had a large patio cover installed at our home by this company.  The bottom line is that we had a terrible experience.  We regret working with this company.  The work turned out fine, but with an alumnawood patio, you will get pretty much the same results with anyone, so I would recommend going with a company with better customer service.  (They were not the cheapest either.). This was probably the worst customer service experience we have had with a contractor, and our impression was that they viewed this a their normal course of business.  We were repeatedly lied to about how long they were working each day, and about when they would finish.  They decided to only work 2 - 4 hours at a time instead of putting in a full day (as they repeatedly promised) to get it done quickly. We were not treated as a priority, and felt they decided they would get things done in their own time.We were told the job would take about two days.  Unfortunately, that turned out to be the first of many false timelines we would be given while they took 11 days to finish (9 of those were days their workers were present on our property.  This turned out to be a huge inconvenience since we had to lock our dogs up on those days they claimed they would be working all day.  (I advised them of this and told them I would appreciate if they would tell me if they were not coming on time so I could leave the dogs out,) Nearly everyday the builder would show up 4+ hours after he said he would.  They failed their inspection which added two days, though we were told there was plenty of work he could accomplish while we waited for a reinspection.  He did not do any work during this period, except for dropping off a few materials (which we weren't told until days later). So I ended up having to make multiple trips home from work everyday to let our dogs out to use the bathroom and most of this was unnecessary since they never showed up when they promised.  When I finally called the office to find out if they were even going to show up that day and complain after five days of them showing up late in the afternoon and working for two hours or less each day, I was promised that they would "110%" be finished that day.   Again,  they were dishonest with me, and it was finished four days later.It appears that the company believes this is all acceptable, as we were told by the owner that this is just how things go when you are dealing with construction.  Had this company been honest with me about their lax work ethic and longer timeframe, I could have made arrangements for a different week, which would have saved me a hundred dollars in gas and less stress on me and my dogs.  Instead, they continually lied about when they would show up and how much they would be working.  At the end of the project, we asked for a discount and after practically having to beg, we were given a 2.5% discount ($250 off of a $10,000 bill), half of which went toward my extra gas burned.I would go with another company who will give you the same quality of work in much less time, and without all of the headache.
