4	Completely delicious. Hommos, vine leaves, falafel--I give them all top marks. Decor is a little dated, but that's part of its charm.
4	Very good libanese restaurant. You can't go there and not take their humus, babaganoush, fatouch and their shish  taouk combined with the filet mignon is just exquisite.
5	The best lebanese food in the city ! I have been going here for years and it is always fresh and tastes just as good as the last time.
5	Girlfriend's family took me to dinner here while I was visiting. I was impressed with the food and the fresh ingredients. Great hummus and fattoush salad. Wish I had a place like this back where I'm from.
4	This is the class of the field in Montreal when it comes to Lebanese Style Middle Eastern food.Last week I was there with 3 other diners for a celebratory dinner. Please make sure you bring your appetites, as portions are generous.Knowing about the size of the portions, we began with an appetizer of pepper and cheese did with deliciously fresh pitas.The following main course were ordered:Grilled quails with french friesThese were delicious, moist and very tastyFillet migon brochettesNicely charbroiled, moist and tasty.Grilled chicken breastsVery well spiced, juicy and deliciousKebbah NayehThis is the lebanese version of Steak Tartar, which is served with raw onions, mint and olive oil. It was perfectAll these were accompanied by rice and french fries which are outstanding.For dessert I ordered a mehallabiyeh which is served with a cruet of rose water syrup, and other diners ordered turkish coffee.Its head and shoulders above the average lebanese fare, and is well worth a visit.While you are there, if you want to be transported to the 60's drive behind the restaurant and marvel at the Motel Pierre situated around a court yard.....so tacky...they don't make motels like that anymore.
3	Solid, if uninspired Lebanese food. They serve all of the basics, but seem to be riding on their reputation. Nothing is bad, but it is not great. The service is not that friendly and interior is pretty tacky (chrome plated stacking chairs).
4	Food is top notch. All the meat items appear to be well cooked, if perhaps a tad over-cooked. But I was looking for a sampler platter for Vegetarian food. It came with so much food, I was trying to serve everyone else, who also had too much food. The hummus and falafel were certainly sit-down restaurant worthy. The odd thing about this place and many middle eastern places in the middle East is the obsession with French Fries. All the chicken dishes come with traditional white rice and a serving of french fries. Where did this trend develop? Service was decent, but because the restaurant was full and a group of teenagers walked in shortly after we ordered, we were not extremely well-attended to. The other reviews about this not being unique food, are all true. I like the basics, but I have had better at a couple other places around the world.
5	My favorite Lebanese restaurant of all-time.The food there is AUTHENTIC. It's just like my grandmother's cooking.The ideal way to order at Daou is to order small dishes and share. Service is amazing.A real gem. Prepare to unbutton the top button of your pants when you leave.
5	My family is  Iraqi and the food is just like cooking at home. It is so good and great for large groups! The meat and chicken are always fresh.
2	Standard, good Middle-Eastern food.  My date described the server as being "le serveur qui nous a bien fait rire".  I really felt for the guy because I understood that he wasn't clueless out of any bad emotion.
2	I have been waiting for the right moment to try this place, family occasion or birthday, but it never came. So I decided to try it solo.This place is always empty whenever I pass by, there used to be a lot of people from the Middle East in this area, but it looks like most have moved on. So the businesses suffer a bit. It doesn't help that Amir's and Basha's have "Mcdonalized" this cuisine, so people are wary of paying more.As I looked at the menu, most items are just too expensive. I know this is not Amir, but what I had cost $25. everything else was just about 30-40% higher than elsewhere  like Petit Alep or Kaza Maza It was a plate with a Kefta Kebab, Chicken cutlet (Taouk) and Filet Mignon brochette.With a little bit of rice and nothing else but a couple of onions. The taste was ok, but the meats lacked flavor and the filet mignon was chewy and mushy.A grilled tomato would have helped somewhat as well as wrapping the meats with pita bread, where the juices would drip.No soup or salad, with a glass of wine, that's close to $40 dollars with tip.The menu is so large, I doubt it can all be fresh, they don't have a table d'hote menu or a lunch special, This would offer more to the customer and emphasizes something that might be freshly made.The service was a bit distant, the waiter seemed stunned when I asked for sumac.And as I was leaving, I noticed an elderly woman, either working or related to the owners, sitting with her hands on her face, almost crying. I would go back with a larger group to try a bigger variety of items, I want to encourage places like these. When you compare it to Petit Alep, which is packed,  I get the feeling they could really improve by doing some tweaking.
4	A dear friend of mine lost his mother many years ago, when he was quite young. To help his family cope with such a staggering loss, he promised to help more around the house, and even to help cook -- except that he didn't know how. So, the first night he had to make dinner, he called up his favorite restaurant and asked for a recipe. To this day, everyone who's been to Daou says his hummus tastes just like the hummus they make here.That incredible story says several things about this gem of a restaurant. They are run by a compassionate, generous family. Their food is the best in the area (and in Arab-heavy Montreal, that's really saying something!) And dining there is an experience you will remember for a long time.We came here with said friend, who still counts it as his favorite and took us on a tour of their menu. Since we were there during Lent, we only ate their vegetarian dishes, but I can honestly say I hardly missed the meat and dairy options; everything was absolutely delicious. Their baba ganouj was my favorite (we have a photo of another friend literally licking the plate it came on!) but we also enjoyed their hummus, sauteed chicory, fattoush, tabouli, spinach pie, falafel and even the French fries with tahini sauce. The only dish I didn't care for was the stewed beans -- the flavor just wasn't my favorite, though they were cooked well. Of course everything came with piles and piles of pita and little dishes of pickled turnips and bitter green olives. Oh, it was such a fantastic meal!I hope to return someday: not just to Montreal, but to Daou. I don't think I can give five stars without trying their kibbeh, labneh and knafe -- three of my favorite Middle Eastern dishes. I have a feeling they will step up to the challenge!
1	I tried this restaurant based on the reviews that I read about the restaurant but when I tried it .. It wasn't good at all and it's expensive for what they are serving find another lebanese restaurant if you want to try Lebanese food.
