1	Would not take back defective merchandise, made me feel like I was trying to cheat them. Will not shop here again.
4	I have stopped by several times and have had great help with everything I needed help with.  I also had to take back the wrong size part and the exchange went smoothly.
3	Small but have all the basics. Knowledgeable staff.
5	great little store and it keeps my money local. they no me by name and have been going there since the first day it opened. they have almost anything i want and they can get me what the don't have in stock within a few days. the staff are great and no everything. only one guy who know a lot but is kinda cocky and full of it, but the rest of the staff makes up for it and there still great. they have glass cutting services, uhaul rentals,water heater installation, and sell propane tanks. but i would definitely recommend this store to every one and i send a lot of business over to them
5	Good people who appear to love what they do. They greet you at the door and take you right to whatever you need. They have gone above and beyond anytime I've needed something beyond the ordinary. Highly recommended!!!
4	Very helpful and friendly staff. Great addition to the neighborhood. It's not a giant warehouse store, so if that's what you're looking for then choose another place, but if you need basic items in nearly any home category, they have a pretty good selection.Another thing I like is you always see the same faces, so if you'll start to recognize and be remembered; I don't know, old fashioned I guess but I like that.
5	Barry's True Value is a tiny hardware store that has enough variety for local neighborhood shoppers to find the items they need. Don't let size misguide you this location offers a big variety of electrical, hardware and pluming necessities for those jobs that need to get done at home. The store is laid out very well making it easy to move through each aisle. The cleanliness of this location makes you want to take your time and browse the entire store. The staff make you feel welcomed the moment you walk through the doors. They will even walk you to the location of specific item that you are looking for instead of pointing to you and telling you the aisle it is located. Since I live in the area I get ads and coupons of great savings on household goods. To any locals be sure not to toss the junk mail away. Some great savings from Barry's may be hiding in there.
4	Since I'm not an avid home-improvement guy but I do need home repair stuff and even home decor items once in a while, this is my hardware store of choice. I find here pretty much everything I need for my home projects without being lost in the hardware labyrinth of the likes of Home Depot or Lowe's, their prices are good, and the staff is always friendly and helpful.
1	I have never seen PRICES this HIGH in my life. Just walked out.
5	There's a soft spot in my heart for the somewhat independent hardware store. Now, I love the big box stores too, but I love the feeling of the smaller stores. That being said, I really like THIS true value. They pretty much have everything I need, and everyone there had always treated me with respect. The manager even have me some great advice about painting. I'll be sure to keep going there and I'm so glad to have them in my neighborhood.
