4	I liked the food like kimchi and the other banchans.I believe It's the best korean restaurant in Montreal island as a korean.
4	Authentic Korean restaurant, recommend by my Korean friends. I like the way they serve rice in a thick-wall hot stone bowl.
3	Only place in Montreal I found that does hwe dup bap and they do it very well too! Could be more generous with the pan chan but overall quite good - we shared a main dish - was enough for lunch!
4	Extremely reasonably priced!I ordered one of the main dishes thinking, at $11, it would make a light dinner. Since I was hungry I thought I'd better order an appetizer - shrimp & vegetable tempura ( a weakness).The waitress brought me a salad, then a soup, then my appetizer and then, once I was done, four side dishes to go with the meal...followed by the meal. I ate too much - for under $20 for dinner. Outstanding (the price not eating too much)!It's authentic Korean and both the waitress and the man I took to be the owner or manager were very polite and helpful.
2	The taste of the food, the service and cleanliness of the place are great and deserve 4-5 stars. Ok, they won't win any design awards as the atmosphere was pretty typical for an Asian restaurant. However, the food was so delicious that my husband and I went back 3 times. Alas, the last time, which was a few days ago, I've had the 3rd bad reaction in this restaurant from eating the same dish. All within the span of 6 months since we discovered this restaurant. I'm strongly suspecting that the sauce for their very well done "Dolsot Bibimbap" (my favourit dish) contains MSG. Within 15 min. after all 3 of those visits since last year I've had MAJOR issues to the degree that I could barely walk and became panicky from how the cholic in my intestines literally paralyzed me. The reaction was so bad that we had to cut our daytrip to Montreal short and return home earlier. I've had nothing but major discomfort day and night since this meal 4 days ago. Whatever is in their yummy spicy Bibimbap sauce it's not worth this kind of damage to my digestive system. It's not fair to withhold this information from customers and make people suffer like this when the sauce would probably taste just fine without this added garbage in it ......
5	I'm not sure why this place doesn't have more 5-star reviews, given that the content of all the other reviews is stating how amazing this place is.When you order a main dish, they first start you off with a salad (iceberg lettuce, but the dressing is delicious!), followed by miso soup (with tofu, and what appears to be spinach), followed by three side dishes (a marinated potato dish, a spicy kale dish, and kimchee...I might be forgetting a fourth!). By the time my main course comes, I'm never that hungry (and the main courses are HUGE!) but somehow always seem to manage.The only drawback I found to this place is that the kimchee is really salty. But that's not enough to take off a star, and the rest of the food is amazing.  I've been here twice so far, but haven't made it past the beef hot bowls to try something else. I will next time!  The first time I came, the place was slammed but the waiters were so friendly and attentive.
5	Korean cuisine is absolutely epic! Epic flavours and epic presentations of epic proportions. This is an age old and a time tested to perfection sort of cooking. As a vegetarian dining at a Korean BBQ joint I am always thankful that I leave stuffed, satiated and pleased beyond belief.Panch'an is the general term that refers to the small side dishes that are served with any Korean meal. Kimchi is an integral part of the dining experience and it damn well should be. Kimchi is oh so good! Who the hell thought cabbage could be so interesting? Namul falls under the category of panch'an but consists of those side dishes that involve vegetables. They are absolutely delicious. The simplicity, subtlety and diversity of flavours hints at the unique and ancient quality of these recipes. My favourite namul is the kongnamul which is a beautiful cold bean sprout marinated in sesame oil and rice wine vinegar. Musaengchae is chicory tossed in a savoury hot pepper and sesame. Gogumasum is boiled potato in a light sweet vinegar. Oi sobagi are these delicious seasoned cucumbers. Mmm my mouth is watering just at the thought of them. They come complimentary with your meal and traditionally are unlimited ... so unbuckle that belt and prepare that second and third stomach because we are going to gorge ourselves like Romans eating Korean on free appetisers all night! If you want to stay for a main dish and not just dine and dash on excellent and free side dishes then you really must order the dolsot bibimbap! This is the archetype of warming and scrumptious down home comfort food. This is a hot stone bowl that cooks your meal right in front of your eyes. Imagine a perfectly cooked bed of wild rice; soft yet crisp on the edges. Then all the vegetables you could imagine piled sky high with some tofu then topped with an egg like a cherry on top. Add your Korean hot sauce to taste and / or the especially burn-your-mouth-off pepper concoction which they make just for themselves and yours truly. Mix, let cook as you eat and enjoy!Get the ginseng tea with the deep fried green tea ice cream afterwards. Enjoy!   !
5	I'll round up to 5 from my score of 4.5. It's BYOB so it gets extra points. 7 of us had 9 bottles and the waitress was kind enough to keep come opening them. She wasn't over the moon that we were still seated 30 minutes after closing but she didn't rush us out so props to her. 4 of us had the BBQ, 2 had soups and I had the appetizer sized Kampungi (essentially it's like general Tao but more delicious) rice and spring rolls. One of the soups was still boiling on the table ten minutes later. Fresh and delicious Kimchi, we never figured out what that potato salad was all about. Shrimp and chicken dumplings were also delightful. Only negative points are that the dishes on the table weren't cleared off timely at all, water glasses weren't filled once past the initial welcome.  Great location and balanced quality for a fair price, add in BYOB with no corking fee and you have a winner.
4	I have not, at any time, been indisposed of objectionable experiences in any korean establishment in Montreal. Thus, I hold dearly the same prejudice toward this restaurant. Generous with Panch'an, they will fill them up throughout your meal. Kind gesture.
4	This quaint little place is an authentic homestyle Korean restaurant located near Vendome. It's not in the most convenient of neighborhoods but if you have the time do try it out.To start off, their side dishes are especially delicious. I'm a big fan of the sweet potatoes and the kimchi. As for the main dishes the hot pot bibimbap is what they are known for. It costs a few dollars more than the normal bibimbap, but it's also that much better. The rice comes crisp on the side surrounding a bed of fresh vegetables topped with an egg. Very filling.The restaurant is a little quiet but the staff is very nice and helpful when you talk to them. The prices are also very fair.
