5	This is the cleanest McDonald's I have ever been to. Plus they have a huge toddler play area with flat screen tv. It was so nice to sit here and enjoy my coffee and newspaper while the kids played. The play area is just like the mall, but without the filth and crowds. There is a hand sanitizing station and a sign that says to use before and after play. The play structures aren't those disgusting tube slides and ball pits that are impossible to clean. These can actually be cleaned! (See pics). I hope this stays my little secret. Free wi-Fi too! Friendly employees. Food is of the same quality you'd find at your typical McDonald's. I just thought the decor, atmosphere, cleaniness and play area were good enough to Yelp about.
3	What is the deal with the double drive-thru?  This McDonald's is always busy, so I guess the two lanes help break up traffic for like a second, but here's what ends up happening..  There are two lanes to place orders, but then they merge to one lane for the pay window and pick up window.  So you choose a lane, place your order, and then as you inch up toward the pay window, the guy in the other order lane speeds up to try to get in front of you to get his food first... well guess what, buddy, I ordered first, so my food is going to be ready first!  It's so annoying!
5	They are always friendly at this McDonald's.  My husband loves the Chocolate Chip Frappe and one time they made this incorrectly, but we were already several miles away.  I called them back and said the Frappe didn't taste correct.  We went back and they made another one for us free of charge and we got to keep the one that didn't taste quite as sweet.This McDonald's is very inviting, clean, with a large children's play area, TV sets.  Sometimes service inside is a bit slow, but if we go inside, we are not in a hurry.  They usually get our order correct at the drive-thru.I just wished they had the Hot n'Spicy McChicken still on the dollar menu, as my husband likes that.
3	When u gotta clog the arteries I'm sure you know where to go. Service here is fast and the employees are always smiling
1	worst service ever!!!! :(
5	I work really close to this McDonald's so I stop in often before work for a drink or snack and it's probably the most consistent place I've been to in regards to service. I've always been in and out of the drive thru in less than a couple if minutes and my order has never been wrong even when I'm picky about how much ice is in my drink. Love this McDonald's!
4	Saturday 0730 and I'm waiting in the drive thru for more than 15minutes. Only one person taking orders on two lanes.  Received my order exactly as ordered and gentleman that delivered my order was friendly.
1	Horrible service here, Sat in the 2nd drive through while 5 cars placed their order in drive through number one. Someone behind me got our and walked the window to complain.  Got my child's happy meal with no chicken nuggets, just fries and Apple's.  Forgot to give me straws and had to remind them 2 times for the milk.  When I went back to complain and just return my food and get my refund one manager pushed me of to another and then he argued with me that I did have the chicken. Don't like McDonald's anyway and hardly ever go there, this just sealed the deal for me.  Good luck with the rebranding of Ronald, with service like this it won't matter.
