5	You forget how lucky you are until you try other places. This MCD went through a Renovation a couple years ago and still looks brand new inside. They have the coolest decor, it is all Americana. The service is usually quick and I cannot recall a recent time where something was screwed up. Seriously That deserves 5 stars now-a days. No play land... yeah! Double drive through ... Yeah! Coffee thing with all the special stuff.... Yeah! oh and the occasional crack head... viewing pleasure i guess.
2	**Be sure to check your order before you leave this McDonald's. It's always missing some food item.**This has happened to me 6 different times over the past 4 months. Why didn't I learn my lesson after the first time? It's not something you normally think about when you're in the drive thru, that "Oh yeah this is the one that ALWAYS leaves something out!" Plus, I've had other family members go get my order and forgot to warn them. It won't happen again because I'll never go back or send anyone else there.When I call the manager , he's always apologetic and says he'll replace the missing item but that's always a big inconvenience. Who wants to drive all the way back?The only reason I gave it two stars is because it's the only McDonald's up in North Phoenix that has the game pieces throughout the entire Monopoly Game season. Other McDonald's run out the first few days or the first week. I guess this is the only McDonald's that doesn't let employees pilfer the pieces.
3	This is the McDonald's inside Wal-Mart. Yes, there is also a McDonald's at 1851 W Bell Road (SE Corner of 19th ave and Bell.They offer free wifi, whereas the other does not. The wifi works almost throughout Wal-Mart. I usually only get a drink. One gluttonous night, I did try to get a pie, but since it was late, they were out. :( By late I mean between 10-11pm.Otherwise though, it's really convenient especially if you have kids that you had to take with to the store and they're hungry, or you just want some Mickey D's yourself.I'm not a huge fan of McDonald's in general, but there is nothing atrocious about this location.
1	This is the worst McDonald's ever!!! Customer Service is horrible. My boyfriend and I ordered a caramel sundae and the guy forgot to ring it up, he didn't give is us our receipt so we didn't know!! The lady at the window got mad when we asked for a copy of our receipt and was like fuck then slammed the window. So the guy who took our order named Miguel came and was like uhm I'mma need $2.17 super rude! First off the sundae's are $1 we only wanted a copy of the receipt bc there was a long line behind us. Then he was like fuck you guys get the fuck out of here. My bf was so pissed off but I told him to just go. So he drives stick and had to change his gear so the MANAGER on duty comes and was like bitch don't ever come back here we will refuse your service fuck you, get the fuck off the lot. My boyfriend of course yelled fuck you as we pulled off and this stupid unprofessional moron screamed fuck you cunts while flipping us off!!! All bc we wanted a copy of our receipt because the dumb ass didn't give it to us!!! This McD will NEVER get another penny from me or any of my friends!!!! Rudest people and service in my life!!! I only had to give 1 star to post
1	THE WORST MCDONALDS IN PHOENIX, THIS MCDONALDS SHOULD BE shut down and closed.  THERE ARE FLIES EVERYWHERE, all over walls, kitchen, counter, tables,  they are on the food, food not cooked well at here at all.   HOMELESS TRANSIENTS  follow you in the bathrooms, and, the HOMELESS take baths in the sinks, sleep outside and hang around.  THIS is near a horse track, and should not have been builtat all.
