5	Now that my kitties are in their golden years, I am more comfortable utilizing a pet sitter rather than leaving out the "all-you-can-eat" buffet.  I have used Polly's 4 or 5 times now.  Although I believe they have overnight sitters if you choose, I opt for a once per day visit ($22).  They try to ensure you have the same sitter each time if available, not that my cats have any interest whatsoever in bonding with said sitter.Sitters are screened, bonded and insured of course.  A meeting with your sitter and prepayment are required the first time you use their service.  After that, you can schedule by phone or internet and just leave payment, assuming you leave keys with the sitter.  They require 2 keys, one for the sitter and one for the office just in case.  Visits are 30 minutes I believe.  During that time, you can request mail be brought in, plants watered, pet waste disposal, etc.The sitters will leave a diary of the time spent with your pets and the duties performed.  They must be honest because the entry is the same every day for me "both cats sleeping, Suzi enjoyed the attention, Jasper appeared thoroughly disgusted and would not purr."  Yep, those are mine.  They actually don't say anything negative.  They find some redeeming quality to compliment your pet on.I was a little apprehensive at first about having a stranger in my house, but I was put at ease immediately upon meeting my sitter who I find very professional and a true animal lover.  And when you think about it, your own friends and family are probably more likely to snoop through your crap than someone who doesn't know you anyway.
5	Still the same excellent service, and we've been fortunate to have the same sitter each time.My Big Sexy had a tumor removed several months ago.  It appeared to be all good until last month when it seemed to resurface.  The plan was for an oncology consult after our vacation.  But Big Sexy is all about making our lives difficult in his old age as we, of course, have made his life miserable for the past 16 years in his opinion.  Yes, I am qualified to speak on his behalf.  You guessed it, the day before our vacation, there's a massive swelling.  Crap.  Infection?  We were frantically trying to get his vet to see him, but what to do about the sitter situation.  We were set up for a daily visit, but unsure if he would need further medical attention in our absence.  The cat already is on a medical regimen that includes pills, oral liquids, and transdermal meds.   So I called Polly's to ask about my options.Charlie was beyond understanding.  Although our usual sitter only works on a limited basis, he agreed to assist our sitter with additional visits as needed and even wait for our mobile vet if an appointment was required while we were gone.As it turns out, a daily antibiotic was prescribed and Big Sexy was big and sexy when we returned, just as we left him.  We knew both cats were well taken care of as neither was angry when we returned, nor exceptionally pleased to see us!
5	I have used Polly's Paws on 3 occasions now.  I have spoken to Charlie over the phone, he has been extremely professional and my pet sitter Betty is the best.  On the first (free) get acquainted visit Bo(cat) went right up to her and started rubbing on her shoes and purring.  At that point I knew he was going to be in good hands.  Betty comes in as scheduled and gives him lots of TLC, double checks his fountain and his feeder, gives him a few treats and cleans his litter.  She leaves notes/diary of her time with your pet and notes anything of concern or potential interest.  She will also pick up your mail, water plants and adjust your window shades and turn on lights if requested.  A daily visit is $22.  While my Bo travels well, I know he is more cozy at home on his "tower of power", than living out of a suitcase with me.
5	If I were my sitter, I would have quit by now.  I've spent the last several months trying to plan two vacations next month as my husband has to take his sabbatical in September or lose it.  But much like Big Sexy did, Miss Suzi (aka Lulu aka The Lu) has other ideas about vacations.  Her blood work earlier this month showed she needed to begin fluid therapy and injections, frequency to be determined and adjusted as we go.  Although I had decided to have a vet tech come to our home on the days treatments are needed (requiring coordination between the tech and the sitter), both Charlie and Jen, our regular sitter, did offer to learn the techniques for sub-Q.  But after Suzi's recent seizure, I've been up in the air about whether to increase the number of daily visits or board her, assuming she recovered.  Again, they have been super understanding about my waiting until the last minute to determine what is best for her.Well, we're scheduled to leave next week and have decided not to go at all.  I'm not comfortable leaving her home alone and 12 days is too long to board her.  It came down to what's best for Suzi or what's best for my husband.  The cat won...again.  There will be another sabbatical in 4 short years, and hopefully I'll still have a husband.  There won't be another Lu.  But a huge thank you to Charlie and Jen for doing everything possible to accommodate our situation!
5	Charlie was great with our cats! We felt at ease while on vacation since Polly Paws was coming in to take care of our babies! I would recommend them to anyone. The process was easy from start to finish.  They even left a note for when we returned from vacation, it was a status update on how the visits went! We will be using them again.
5	We employed Polly Paws Professional Pet Sitter for the first time, to look after our cat while on vacation for a week.  I am pleased to say we were very happy with the service.  Professional, responsive & caring are words that come to mind. Would do again.
