5	I needed a stylist in Green Valley and after a little research I made an appointment with Gwen for cut and color.  I had only seen one negative review and that person had said she was 'rude'.  IDK what universe that person lives in as I found Gwen to be a lovely person...friendly, funny and sweet!  As far as the cut and the color...I'm THRILLED with the results!  She knew how to cut my hair properly...most stylist have cut layers into my hair for 'body'...and that is something I have in spades!  I haven't had to touch my flat iron once since Gwen did my hair, it lays perfectly just using a blowdryer....which is a first!  I'm so happy I found her and will definitely be going back to her from now on. I will be recommending her to anyone who asks!  Great cut/color and a wonderful person!
5	Dannette Maynard at Sola Salons at The District for breath taking color, state of the art cuts and extensions.  I wouldn't go anywhere else.  For hair that knocks your socks off call Danette and call ahead.  Her number is 702-528-5268.  You won't regret it!!!  Penny C.
5	Dannette Maynard at Sola Salons at the District is absolutely the best Hairstylist! She keeps up on her industry and really is a Color Specialist, she knows so much about color and the latest hair trends. She is an truly an artist as a hairstylist. I would recommend her if you want your hair done right! Her creativity is never ending. Plus she is a great person. Make an appointment with her and you will be sold, she is simply wonderful. She has done my hair for years and keeps "my years at bay" for me! I love what she does with my hair, and I get so many compliments about my hair, it is amazing.
5	Visited the salon today...on a Sunday @ 10am.... & my stylist was Briahna Rodgers. She did an excellent job!!!  I've been looking for a natural stylist for a while. My hair is full, ends are perfectly trimmed w/ lots of body!!  I'll recommend her a usaa to anyone looking for a natural stylist. Oh...she didn't use "stove irons" which I hate.  Only flat irons & a steamer. She's a very friendly person!!  Also made my daughters appt while there. Check her out @ Sola Salon @ Green Valley :)
2	I started going to Khrystyne Kiserow (room16) about 1 year ago and she did my hair 3 times total.  The first 2 times she did my hair was good.  I wanted change so we went drastic in color.  Although she took quite a while, I was happy.  The second time was fine as well, still a bit long, but no problem. This last and final time I told her that I wanted it jet black with a partial head of red highlights.  When she finished after 4.5 hours I noticed that I didn't see Red hardly at all.  She said not to worry that it would start showing.  I washed my hair several times, n after 2 weeks there was no red except for my bangs, n the top of my scalp.. I have never  complained to her, but I had to say something.I told her about no red except in my bangs, n on my scalp.  Her response wasn't at all what I thought it would be. First, she should of apologized, and ask me what can be done to make it look better since I did spend almost $200, but she became very defensive.  I told her I wanted to get along but would just like to get it fixed.  I sent her picture to see what I was talking about.  She said that shd would fix it but I have to pay for product.  I asked when was the soonest I could get it fixed, n she said 2 weeks!  Crazy, so I said fine, I made that appointment.  We scheduled for 1pm. Then she called back and asked if I could do 10am, and I said I couldn't so we stayed at 1pm.  Finally, the day I was suppose to come to the salon, she texted me at 9am, and said that she just got out of the emergency room n couldn't do it!  I then followed up with her to see when she was going to finish it n she hasn't returned any texts or calls!! Very unprofessional, and I could not believe she would do that.  I have never had a customer experience like that again.   Very dissapointed...
5	Love it here ! Sherry is the best stylist in town I know - #brazilianblowout - master stylist most personable and genuine one also and best prices for her amazing work
5	Love, love Sola Salon...independent stations! I think my hairdresser is superb! Thank you Debra Lanning! #32
