5	Superb quality seafood restaurant in a lovely setting beside the Firth of Forth. Great service, great staff, great menu!
4	I have very fond memories of my visit to Loch Fyne. I went with my girlfriend at the time on a busy Saturday night, quite early in the hope we'd get a table. We didn't, but we were told if we came about about 9 we might get something. "Can't we just wait in the bar?" we asked. "Sure, no problem." So we waited, and waited. And we drank, and drank. Eventually a waiter came over and told us it'd be no problem if we wanted to just eat in the bar. Excellent.The restaurant itself is a magnificent dining setting. In an old boathouse on the Waters of Leith, it's a truly impressive place to eat.  We ordered a hot and cold seafood platter, which was everything you could want from a seafood restaurant. Simple, unfussy, locally sourced and delicious. In fact, it was one of the best meals I've ever had.Amusingly, they gave us a free dessert because we had to eat in the bar. Great service. "Really, it's no problem" we said. At least I think that's what we said, I can't really remember.
2	I've eaten at Loch Fyne in Newhaven, Edinburgh a couple of times now and have yet to be blown away. The most recent visit, the food was lovely, not superb, but nice; however the fact that we felt as if we were being ignored the entire time overshadowed menu.When they realised the wine we ordered was out, they decided to give us to free glasses, which was kind, however they didn't inform us until about 15 minutes after we ordered it, when we had to call the waitress over & ask where our drinks were.During & after the meal, the wine list was never reproduced for us to order something else - or them to have an upsell.We had to get the waitresses attention to order & bring the bill (which there was a mistake on); she stood with her back to us most of the time cutting bread - which we didn't get any of (because we didn't order a starter maybe?)Love the area & view, the food is nice, just a shame the staff (we had at least) didn't pay more attention.
4	Great oysters, overall very good food, a tad pricey, but good.  Service was good, I enjoyed it.  Did I mention great oysters?  The salmon platter with the kiln salmon was wonderful.
2	After our previous experience we decided to give Loch Fyne another go - to hopefully amend the previous review.I have to say, again, we weren't super impressed. We arrived and were first asked if we had a voucher. All that really made us think was - we were obviously missing a trick and paying too much if there were vouchers out there somewhere!We then sat at our table for 20 minutes without anyone speaking to us and we had to walk up to the manager and ask for someone to come take our order. Even once they arrived, we weren't told about the specials or any other specifics.I had the seafood platter - while I thought it was small when it arrived - it was plenty to fill me up. The fish was cooked well and the King Prawn was enjoyable. My OH had the Steak and King Prawns, which was slightly overcooked but enjoyable.The chips with weren't the best and were warm, which means they got cold rather quickly.To their credit, once we brought to their attention that we would like to be served, they apologised a few times,  checked on us regularly and ensured we were taken care of.
4	That's another one off the bucket list. A chain, I hear you say? On your list? What kind of person are you? Well, a person who, as a poor student in a small village, saw a Loch Fyne spring up, but whose purse only stretched to a pub lunch. Seriously, a can of corned beef once was thrown out of a kitchen window. I wept, as that was my lunch for the week, gone. Happily, I earn more money now, but I had never made it to Loch Fyne. It was up there, for so long, then slid down as my coin purse grew fatter, and my culinary interests widened, but finally, we dined at the Leith branch at a family 'do. I have to say, it wasn't a disappointment, far from it. Service was smooth, and did not leave us wanting. Meals wise - I tucked into the salmon platter, which was the most expensive on the menu. All pleasant, not super revolutionary, but it all went down rather nicely. I went for the mix and match option for my main course - hake, with tomato pesto, served with twice cut chips and upon our waiter's recommendation, samphire with garlic butter (so very, very glad I went for the samphire, it was glorious!). The only couple of niggles were - the pesto was served separately, whereas I had assumed as it was a dressing, the hake would be, you know, dressed. And chips were in a trendy metal tin - found it a bit odd for seasoning purposes - and we didn't have any sauce on the table. No tomato sauce for chips either, and service did disappear quickly at that point. My pesto came in handy! Other plates around our table looked good - the platter for one, the rumpsteak, but the SR's mother noted that the quality of the fish wasn't of the best - for me, my hake was fine and cooked well, so not sure about that one - but the SRs father is a fisherman by hobby, so I count their opinion more than others. Desserts - cranachan was a disappointment, so sad. Otherwise, overall a pleasant meal and while I may not necessary choose this as my first option, Loch Fyne would certainly be a pleasant place to spend an evening again.
1	Godawful! Now part of the Greene King pub chain the service was shocking, we had about 5 different servers, they were slow, confused and snarky! The food was distinctly average - on a par with a low level pub chain, not the high quality, dining experience I'd been expecting.The only good thing about this place is the location, perched beside Newhaven Harbour, I'd only go back if I happened to be in the area on a sunny day and that would be to have a drink sat outside. Full story here: http://eatingedinburgh.com/2012/08/31/loch-fyne-restaurant-in-newhaven-loch-distinctly-average-more-like/
4	First thing's first...why aren't more lighthouses open for wandering-around-banter purposes? Rather than concentrating on the conversation of the person I was dining with at Loch Fyne I spent the entire Sunday lunch peering out of the window and wondering what it would be like to be a lighthouse keeper. It's all the restaurant's fault for having a cool ass location looking out to the sea in Newhaven.I am really, truly rubbish at making the effort to come down this way, which is pretty shameful. Edinburgh is small...there is no excuse for just staying in the city centre and never leaving. It's worth embarking on the short journey to Loch Fyne because it really is nice to be eating your seafood with a side of actual harbour in front of your eyes. Loch Fyne itself is housed within pretty awesome premises. It used to be the old fish market so has a definite maritime atmosphere to it, and it was a really chilled place to enjoy Sunday lunch, particularly with the sun shining into the bright and airy space.We shared two starters - mussels, always a winner if the cream and white wine sauce is on point, which it was, and crab ravioli with lemon butter sauce and rocket salad. The ravioli filling was tasty, but if there's anything I'm fussy about it's pasta, and I personally felt it needed a couple of pinches more salt...but then I do like my pasta well-salted, other people might not be so concerned with that. The main was awesome, primarily because a) it was delicious and b) it was lobster. Lobster, if it's fresh and cooked just to perfection with the simple addition of garlic butter is just immense, and always worth the extra spend if you're out for a nice lunch anyway. We also sampled the scallops and black pudding main, and although I'm never really the first to opt for black pudding, I did enjoy this classic combination, with the scallops, like the lobster, being cooked splendidly.All in all, a really lovely lunch. Our waiter was a cool dude too. I skipped off to peruse the lighthouse afterwards, and all was well.
