1	Guess JITB is afraid of what people will say of the one they have on  West Blvd.Went to the one on West Blvd about a week ago , have not been in about 6 or 8 months, see thing never change, gangsta wannabes hanging out in dining area, management seems not to care, or are they intimadated by the GWB's Food was cold and greasy.....This time I will stay away......
4	Ever since I moved back to this side of town I've been having moments of "I forgot this was even here!" Enter: Jack In The Box. For some of us, dinnertime is at like 10:30. And then Second Dinner at like 3 am. There are a couple of other 24-hour or late night fast food places around, but Jack is just so good and diverse. I mean, where else can you get a double cheeseburger, tacos, egg rolls, and a lava cake all at the same place? And dirt cheap AND 24 hours? Don't even get me started on the milkshakes. Sigh. I knew this would be dangerous. One great thing is that you can read your order the way they ring it in on the screen, so you can make sure it's right. So all you people who like to leave off the tomatoes and get crushed ice instead of cubed and 3 Honey Mustards instead of 2 can be sure they heard you.Noms At Night grade: A+.
1	Burgers weren't bad. The fat cow behind the drive thru window had such a nasty attitude. Shoved money in my hand, when food came she handed it and said "here u go". Closed the window and turned her back.
2	I miss the ciabatta bun burger that had that awesome sauce. Please bring it back.
1	The customer service at this location is pretty bad.  I get that nobody wants to work on Christmas day.  As someone who has worked retail and odd jobs before and plenty of holidays I understand.However, when someone walks in the door with a good attitude and asks you "how are you doing" and you reply with a pissed off look on your face and say in blunt tone "really?" and just stand there with your arms folded: you look like a douche.  That's exactly what the gentleman behind the counter last night on Christmas Day did as we walked in.  There were two guys working..one had dreads and seemed to hate his job and didn't want anybody coming in..the other was a taller guy, no hair, and tried to do his best to help the customers.  He even finished taking my order since dread-douche walked off before he even finished asking what I wanted.Oh, to top it off when my husband inquired about the Munchie Meal thing it had just turned 9PM, a few minutes after and he seemed irritated that we would make such a bold request.The food was good, the manager who had common sense was helpful, the dread-douche needs to go.  There are plenty of minimum wage jobs that don't ask you to work the holidays.  Maybe he should find one of those instead.
1	Horrible service,we were in line for literally more than 25 minutes,(2 cars in front of us) seriously what's taking so long,by the time we tried to order the person said hold on and I can hear her laughing and chatting in the background,so we just decided to leave and we heard she made a rude comment. We called the manager she said she was going to call back never heard from her again. We will never return to this location,who knows what they do to the food if they're so disrespectful.
