2	I feel the Days Inn Tempe is best described as "a place where you can purchase the right to sleep for awhile." I booked my 10-night stay on Travelocity for a non-smoking room, yet when I entered the room I almost choked. It was disgusting. I've never had a smoking hotel room before and I will make sure I don't again. They said they couldn't move us to a different room.My local lady friend brought over a bottle of wine but forgot a corkscrew. No big deal, I thought to myself, as the front desk of a hotel will surely have a corkscrew. Nope. Coors Light it is.The towels felt like they were made of cow tongue, and they missed our wakeup call one morning making me late for a training class that had cost me about $500.I'm awarding one star in addition to the minimum one-star rating because I got to drink cheap beer by the pool in 90 degree weather for 10 days, and there are a few good places to eat and two dollar stores very nearby. The dollar store had a corkscrew.
1	I stayed in this "hotel" on a cross country trip in late 2009. I'm just getting around to Yelping it now, but I doubt anything drastic has changed. Me and a buddy of mine were trying to travel very cheaply. We camped out as much as possible, but decided to splurge on the $40 hotel here in Tempe. We didn't have much of a choice as it hit 110 degrees during the day and was a cool 85 at night. My expectations for a hotel are fairly basic in my opinion:1. Clean enough to not find multiple bugs, have nasty smells, or stains anywhere.2. Have a bed.3. Have air conditioning (at least in Arizona in August)The only thing that this Days Inn got right was having a bed in the room. But it wasn't even good enough to satisfy rule #1!!!The receptionist wasn't very friendly when we checked in, but I could overlook this small feature. Again, it's not high on my list when I pay $40 for a room. After driving around to where our room was, it looked nice enough at first glance. We were just happy to have a place to get out of the furnace that was the outdoors. After getting inside, we crank the a/c full blast. Ahhhhh, finally some relief.... or so we thought. We waited for a while for it to cool down, but in the mean time all we could do was strip down to our underwear and just lie on the beds. But it never did start to cool down. It was just blowing some warm air. Strike #1.Waiting for it to turn night so we could actually move around without breaking a sweat, we were watching some tv and I noticed a few crickets jumping around on the comforter on the bed. WTF? Strike #2We decided to go out later that night because we had heard the Tempe nightlife was pretty good. It was all going good until we called it a night and came back to the hotel. We wake up early in the morning to check out and the bathroom is completely infested with ants all over the sink. Crawling over our toothbrushes, the towels, up and down the walls, we had had enough. Strike #3I've never had problems with other Days Inn in the past, but I guess not every franchise has the same owners and rules. Definitely avoid this place like the plague.
3	It's about what you would expect to find at an economy lodge built in the '70s and changed little since. The amenities are, in fact, right out of central casting for a movie showcasing bell-bottom pants and long sideburns. My room, 118, was surprisingly large and, by all accounts, reasonably clean. It also included a working refrigerator and presumably functional microwave oven. Several of the lights, though, flickered or didn't work. On the morning of my stay, the wireless Internet access was also on the blink. Still, the price was right - $69 plus tax - and the location was convenient.
1	Okay the only reason this hotel has a star is because one is the minimum.  My daughter and I came out to Tempe for orientation at ASU - upon entering the front lobby I realized this was a hold over from 1970 - don't know where they got the pictures online but not at this flea bag. We walked into the room the air - conditioning smelled like it was causing an electrical fire - there was a hole in the wall near the outlet - the place was filthy right to the towels hanging in the bathroom. Do yourself a favor and skip this dump! We didn't stay more than 15 minutes and even at that I was afraid of what else I would see. The front desk thought it was amusing to inform me that the computer and printer in the front lobby are ancient and probably picked up at a second hand auction.
4	inexpensive.free wifi.free airport shuttle.large room. coffee/tea/microwave/frig/tv/vcr&dvd playerbreakfast.quiet.pool.nice desk staff.have my own laptop, didn't use theirs.strong a/c, no neighbors (it's 8pm now)nice.from reading other reviews looks like they remodeled.we will come here again. paid $75 last time in phoenix for far less.
2	Good things about this hotel:Complimentary breakfast's Air conditioningMini-fridgeFree coffee/coffee makerIroning board/ironGood tvFriendly staffNice poolClose to ASUThe bed is comfortable enough.Very cheap price - 36$/day for a 3 week stay.My room was 112.While I have enjoyed my stay, and there are some good things about this hotel, I really feel like it's the bare minimum; and the goods do NOT outweigh the bad. At the most; it makes it barely worth the 36/night. The ONLY reason I recommend staying here is if you need somewhere to stay in Tempe for a little while at a very cheap price.Bad things:Many broken appliances/lights. You need to jiggle the bathroom light a few hundred times just to have it turn on. The microwave doesn't turn; and even when I do get it to work for 30 second intervals, it's so broken that the microwave seems to target only one part of it, and burn the crap out of whatever you put in there.The ac outlets are annoying, to say the least. They're all so loose most things don't fit in them, or easily fall/get knocked out. Just charging my phone turns into a nightmare.Dirty; to the point of it being disgusting.Forget having clean bed sheets. The most the maids do is take the old ones and straighten them on the bed; the top layer got so disgusting, my girlfriend and I took it off and stuffed it in a corner the first day we stayed here. It has yet to be so much as touched by the maids after 2 weeks of service. Then again, I haven't seen them do more than make the bed and quickly wipe down the counters.There is a MAJOR problem with pests here. I've seen other people commenting on this; and you need to know, if you're squeamish about squishing or seeing roaches and crickets: DO NOT STAY HERE. We have found a total of 2 crickets and 4 cockroaches crawling around the bathroom, and room constantly. I trapped 4 of them to show the front desk, and they basically said they'd get someone to spray. It was another 24 hours before anyone got here and did anything. The bathrooms look like they haven't have been thoroughly cleaned in years. The air filters have mold; and the toilet pipes are rusted and nasty.The walls are very, very thin.You can hear regular conversations like you're in the same room. Thank god the people next door only stayed a couple days.The free Internet.If you don't have a room next to the router; you're going to have a BAD time. At best we have two bars on our computers; and we're relatively close to the front. They definitely need more routers.All in all; it's basically a "you get what you pay for" kind of place. Cheap gets cheap. Not highly recommended, by any means; but decent. I think it deserves at least two stars though for all the pluses.
1	I rarely complain even when receiving bad service. However, in this case the service I received (or rather didn't receive) was horrific!!!A few months ago, my mother traveled from overseas to visit my family and I for a 2 weeks. I purchased a room for her at this Days Inn well in advance and paid in full. We arrived to check in late in the day and were told that my mother's room is a smoking room. My mother suffers from a respiratory condition and when we walked into the room it was clear that she would not be able to stay in it. The room STANK and had a standing cloud of smoke. It was actually visible!!!We went to the desk and asked to change the room. We were told that there is no other room. When we asked to speak with the manager we were told that she's unavailable. When we insisted the person at the desk finally called his manager on her cellular. Here's where it gets interesting...Gina Padilla, the manager, began blaming me for the situation! Really? Here I was trying to figure out a solution for helping this establishment keep my $600 and am being blamed for not landing sooner in the day at the airport. I finally asked for a refund. Once again, demonstrating horrid customer service, I was refused!Eventually, I stopped payment on the funds to the Days Inn and promised Gina Padilla that I would be writing this review. Maybe she can take notes on how to fulfill on a promise to render good service.DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!
3	I'm not saying this is the greatest hotel on the planet--the non-smoking room smelled distinctly of cigarettes, the bathroom door didn't close easily, the shower was really hard to operate, and there was some staining on the fixtures. However, the wifi worked perfectly, and the sheets and towels were new and clean and smelled fine and it was quiet and safe and comfortable.The best thing, really, was that this hotel basically saved our lives. We decided to get a room at 4 a.m., and thanks to all these crappy Yelp reviews, this was the only hotel (we checked about a dozen) that wasn't sold out for the Marathon. We checked in at 4:45 a.m. and they said we could stay as long as we liked. We were able to sleep til 3 pm and check out at 4. So, under other circumstances, maybe I'd give it a 2, but it was affordable and didn't have anything seriously wrong with it. I needed a place to sleep, and I've stayed in WAY worse places.
1	This place is a dump!  The bathroom door didn't close, the shower didn't work, there were chew marks on the sheets, there was a mouse in the room, tons of stains on everything, and our keys stopped working and when we went to go get new ones, the front desk was closed. WHAT FRONT DESK CLOSES MID DAY?!? The beds felt horrible, the pillows were little squares and smelt like vomit. Just overall, this place sucks. I recommend finding some place that's actually nice. As my friends said, they should call this place you'll never spend more than two Days Inn
1	Unfortunately I am not able to give negative stars. No pool, well it's there but closed undefiinitely for maintenance. I reserved a non-smoking room. When I pointed out the difference, the manager told me to take it up with orbitz.  Called orbitz and the only thing they will do is cancel the reservation and refund my money  in 7-10 days. In the meantime, I suppose I'll have to spend my vacation sleeping in the rental car. It's not a nice place and the staff couldn't care less about their customers.  I'll never come back.
2	My team booked 10 rooms here because it was the cheapest ($91 w/tax) on a busy weekend. I personally was fine with my room and liked that it came with complimentary breakfast, but had issues with noise and the sketchy types of people that stayed there (i.e. drunks late at night, someone mistakenly pounded on our door at 2am thinking it was theirs). NoteL there is no elevator. Perhaps this place is better run when it is not packed. Complaints from everyone:1. Almost all the rooms still had a trace of must and cigarette smell. Some rooms smelled moldy like something died. 2. No use of pool. Under maintenance. They said we could go to the hotel next door for the their pool. 3. Wi-Fi rarely worked. Also, people with different cell phone providers had a hard time using the data on their phones because of the bad reception. 4. Almost all of us had to get another key card as they stopped working for our rooms. 5. The beds are ok. The pillows were a joke as they just sunk. Bring your own. 6. Across from the metro line so you hear the metro all night. "Ding Ding"
1	Holy Crap this place was BAD ! ! ! !If I could give it no stars I would but I am unable to.  For the love of god people don't stay at this hotel for your sanity and for your health its best for you all to avoid like the plague. Here are a list of problems we encountered1) No swimming pool (Staff said it was posted on their website but could never find such a listing) (as a consolation they were willing to bus us to another hotel to use their pool)2) No hot water (was at best warm if you like that sort of thing)3) Toilet didn't flush4) Shower head didn't work (well it did about half the time we were there)5) Bathroom light didn't work (Same as the shower head)6) no plug for the drain7) No high chairs when we went down for the breakfast8) Room had a musty smell 9) The hotel ran out of towel (How the hell does that happen)10) Saw a roach in the room 11) Free Wi-Fi worked maybe about 20% of the time we were there and when it did it was horrible All in all I guess the thing that really ticked me off is the staff did not give a flying F*** about our problems saying no refund and it was our fault for picking them to stay with.
