4	To me the bread makes the sub. This place has it! it is a hearty roll that is soft and delicious. Boars Head meat is always a plus.The place is nice and clean.  Nothing super special or a nice place. The cutlets looked great and I am going to get that next time.I had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so I will not be getting that again.All in all, i like the subs and the prices were fine.
2	Average sub shop. The Service wasn't very good, very unorganized, (we paid before they asked what kind of cheese/toppings we wanted) and overall just "blah". The pasta salad had no flavor, and the sandwich/food options mediocre. The soda selections were RC (yuck). Nothing out of the ordinary, or to make me want to come back.
3	This place is literally a stones throw from my office so it quickly becomes the default goto quick lunch place for many of us in the office.I've had Ham and Swiss, a Turkey and Provolone, and The Brooklyn Eddie. Everytime I get a sandwich, I get everything on it. The Brooklyn Eddie was tasty w/ the brown mustard. I think the bread and oil/vinegar make the sandwich here.Service is okay, not as fast as Subway or Jimmy John's. They have Belly Card w/ iPad app, and will soon take Square for credit cards.Prices are pretty good, for being an independent establishment.
4	Get the meatball sub.. you won't regret it.  Prices are very reasonable considering the food is of higher quality than most sub chains in the area.  Boar's Head deli meats, fresh-made chicken cutlets and meatballs, etc.  I'll be back for sure.
5	Oh my goodness-best subs! Best chips! Best cola! Im from NY and have not been able to find authentic deli sandwiches in AZ. Try it as soon as possible! You will get the real NY deli experience :)
5	WooHoo!  Found a place in AZ that makes a killer Eggplant Parm sandwich!  Thanks Brooklyn Eddie's!
3	I came here for the first time a few months ago and decided not to write a review because there wasnt anything fantastic to write about nor was there anything horrible to say either. I got a turkey sandwich the first time and was somewhat disappointed by the ratio of meat to toppings (more toppings than meat). This second time I got the Brooklyn Eddies Deluxe which was way better than my last sub. This place is alright and worth a try or two.
4	Fresh and tasty!  Good stuff and nice folks.
1	OK... So I went to this place today with a friend because of the yelp reviews.  Well...today is the last day.   The owner is rude, the sandwiches (I had meatball) were tasteless, and the side (4 bean salad) was also tasteless.  I think you will see another similar review for today from the person I came with.  The meatballs looked raw inside and when I asked the owner shunned me and said, "It's because of the sauce."  I think not.  I am Italian and cook meatballs all the time.  The sauce doesn't make the meat look raw, raw meat makes the meat look raw!  We went at noon.  the place was empty, although a few people did come in for take out.  The Yelp site said "waitress service" which is wrong.  You order and they drop it off at your table.  The over they use to bake the subs is a large "toaster oven" not even a real pizza oven.  I'm not sure what "Brooklyn" this guy is from, but the one I know would slap him if they ate at his place.  Sorry... I think the previous reviews were from family...  As for me.  I will move on.
1	I went there yesterday because of the Yelp reviews which have done me very well in the past.There slogan is "Now that's a sandwich!"It was definitely a sub sandwich but a really disappointing one and I really wanted this place to be good. It is so difficult to find good mom and pop sandwich shops here in the valley. The Yelp profile state they have wait service. They do not. I ordered the Dyker Heights, Pastrami and Melted Swiss w/Sauerkraut and dressing which is thousand island. The Boars Head pastrami was good but there was hardly any cheese on it. It was mainly sauerkraut and the dressing was non existent.The sandwich is served hot but when I took my first bite either the pastrami or the kraut or the dressing was ice cold so it was an odd and unpleasant texture.I would never order that sandwich again.I got the red potato salad and it was bland. I was putting black pepper and red pepper flakes on it in order to taste something. Finally, I got a Cherry RC from the fountain...I didn't taste any cherry. I have a buddy that really likes the food there so I might go back with him and see what he orders. One thing that was confirmed for me, if you're going to eat pastrami, swiss and kraut, do it on rye bread.
