5	I couldn't disagree more with the other review...this place is AWESOME. We had amazing service and I am EXTREMELY impressed with the food. Delicious! I don't smell any strange (dead or rotting) smells coming from anywhere at all. Our server was very nice and took extra time to talk to us about things and was very helpful. I will highly recommend this restraunt to anyone! The chicken noodle soup is a little salty but I was told this before ordering and it wasn't like over the top salty. Still delicious! I strongly urge everyone to come and experience this place for yourself! =D
4	We will return for generous servings at reasonable prices and speedy service. Face East for the best view. Face North only if you are into voyeurism, they have a very long happy hour. Opening in the summer gives the opportunity to get the staff functioning and ready for the snowbirds. Would post the menu if Yelp showed how.
2	Underwhelming service, overcooked greasy food.   It's a great location, good views but I won't be back.  In a small town like FH it won't be open long unless they get those two items turned around.
1	Great views, nice interior, but inferior food in terms of selection and quality. One of my daughters and I had burgers and hers was over done. Both of us had rolls that seems stale and crumbled. My wife's shrimp was prepared like it was grilled and some sort of rub was added after it was done and too much at that. The beer selection leaves a lot to be desired too. My other daughter had chicken fingers and was sick to her stomach later on that night. The service was ok, nothing wrong there in terms of attentiveness, but I didn't feel genuine welcoming when we came in. It's a shame because the location is great and it's the right size to keep a good flow of people through, but they need to bring it up a couple notches with a better menu, better food preparation and staff that are really happy to see a customer come in. May be restaurant impossible has to make another stop in Fountain Hills.
1	2/8/14 NOW OUT OF BUSINESS  HORRIBLE!!  First impression, the chairs were stained really bad.  I ordered a Ceasar salad, it had hair in it.  The presentation was was not attractive, brought me a "fresh" salad, all they did was take the lettuce out that had the hair on it!  Gross!!  My husbands salad was warm, almost hot and looked just as unattractive!  Service was slow, waiter was not excited about the food or the fact he had to work.  Will not be returning!!I am very surprised this place is still open.  Had a friend go there recently who said it smelled like dead rats in there and they RAN out of the place.
4	I went to Kimmies with 6 friends in spite of the reviews because people can be ugly and without much thought at how they can effect a new business.  The place was packed and the food was very good.  None of us had any complaints about anything.  The service was good, views lovely and food was very fresh and timely.  The interior needs a little help to make it warmer and more appealing but the important things are there.  Lots of variety, breakfast until 2 p.m. which is nice and very clean.  Not any issues with any of us!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	Staff was nice however food quality very poor. My meal was a ribeye steak, half of it was fat and the veggies were bland. My boyfriend got the prime rib it was completely raw on the inside, pretty sure it was still mooing. First and last time I will ever go there. Would also give a zero if possible.
2	We are Phil's Filling Station regulars, but thought we would give Kimmie's a try just to see what it was like. The location has had five restaurants over 15 years prior to Kimmie's and in our opinion, only one was good and they lasted the longest.We arrived at 8:00PM (still unpacking from our vacation), and were the last patrons to arrive. A great folk singer was playing at a perfect volume, and we enjoyed his pick of tunes; e.g., John Prine, etc. A server promptly greeted us, provided menus and took our drink orders. The wine choices were extremely short, but when asked, the server told us of additional good wines that were recently added and hadn't shown up on a printed list yet (is in the process of being printed now). The beer list was almost all American, tap beers were only American with Fat Tire being the only non-global brewer. In bottles, only Heineken, Corona and Dos Equis are offered outside of the normal American fare. The restaurant completely misjudged the FH market in both wine and beer - the server admitted as much regarding the wine choices.We ordered Blue Crab Cakes and Potato soup for starters. We both understand that you're never going to get great seafood in the middle of the Sonoran Desert, but we're fans of Blue Crab from S. Carolina (yeah, cakes are from Maryland, we know!) so my wife gave it a try. She said they were good and temp was perfect. My soup was tasty but on the cold side of warm.For the main course, my wife had a rib eye steak with baked potato and I had a Cuban sandwich with cucumber salad as a side. My wife raised beef, so we're very picky about it. However she claimed the steak was excellent and temp was fine. My Cuban sandwich was very tasty and hot. The cucumber salad was different from what I am used too, having parmigiana cheese and Italian dressing in addition to the onions and cucumbers. I mentioned this when ordering and the server offered to replace it if I didn't like it. Surprisingly, it was darned good!One thing they can do for better presentation is to get rid of the plastic disposable cups for dressing and sour cream and replace them with faux ceramic cups. The current cups look downright cheap. Also, butter comes in the plastic portion controlled containers, there are alternatives that present better and they should be considered. I understand that nearly 100% of all restaurants below five star use these, but if they upgrade their other containers, why not these - at least for dinner. I don't mind them for breakfast.Overall the service was just off on timing. Not terrible at all, just not as attentive as most people would expect. Given that we were the only patrons, it would worry me to try Kimmies if they were busy. Maybe we're spoiled by the service at Phil's where we know every single employee, including the kitchen staff and the busboys, but I strain to think that this level of service will be acceptable to the average FH citizen.As for a claim about being a sports oriented place - not the case at all. There are smaller TVs around each wall, but not placed where you can see them if you're not seated at the bar. When we left, I looked at those above the bar as if I were sitting there, and they were too small to really see anything. There is American Grill next door with **many** larger TVs, and Phil's across the street with nine TVs conveniently placed in the bar for sports and a couple in the restaurant with news. My recommendation to Kimmies is to get rid of all of the TVs in the restaurant, and replace those over the bar with larger TVs. I recognize the cost of this, but sorry, you should have thought this through before opening.With just a few tweaks, the place could easily be four stars. But my sense is that the owner isn't engaged enough to carry it out. They've been open six weeks which is plenty time to get past the starting hiccups. FH is a tough restaurant market, and Kimmies has maybe four weeks left to turn it around or they will be the sixth former restaurant in their location.
1	We came for lunch just before it got busy.  As first timers, I had no idea what to expect.  The location was fantastic with great views of the Fountain.  We were greeted and sat on the patio.  Weather was perfect.  I ordered  crab cakes and husband had a breakfast meal.  He was very happy with his breakfast and beer.  My Diet Coke tasted very heavy on the soda water and weak in flavor.  But OK.  Things happen.  I was surprised by the crab cakes.  I don't meet many foods I don't like, but the three small disks were barely breaded or coated at all.  While slightly crunchy when the fork went in, I was never able to get it to stay together to carry to my mouth.  It was warm crab salad in a thin toast shell.  This was every one of them.  Fine.  At least they were edible.  The sauce with a fancy French name that was served with it was nothing more than very salty thousand island dressing.  No, really.  I had my husband taste some and asked him what he thought and he said "Thousand Island?"  I have had crab cakes in all sorts of locations.  But for this price?  I consider $8.99 ridiculous for the quality.  It was so salty I was worried something might have soured or gone bad in it.  My husband noted the TVs mounted outside just under the patio overhang, but remarked that with the bright sun surrounding it, there was no way the screen could be seen during the day.  We won't be back.  Also, how nice that the owner has friends willing to write lovely reviews, but so many negative experiences by so many people covering the same things is not a fluke.  People aren't "ugly" because they choose to write a review that is not complimentary.  I hope they get it together soon.
4	Kimmies for breakfast was a great experience for us.  The food was very good and our server, (Kyle) did a great job of keeping our coffee warmed and getting our food out just as we ordered it.  We will definitely try Kimmies for other meals also.Brenda V.
5	I have tried just about every place here to eat and just got back from Kimmie's. It was amazing. I had the Veggie Pasta. I was expecting veggies on top of penne pasta with marinara sauce like the menu said. What I got was completely different. It was penne pasta mixed with the veggies in a creamy marinara sauce that had amazing spices making it full of flavor and a big piece of bread split in 2. It was a large portion and at a great price too. It is right across from the Fountain so it has one of the most beautiful views in town as well and of course the service is great. Also if you love sports they have about 10 Tvs on the walls all around the place. I couldn't decide which one to watch ha. Enjoy because I know I did.
1	Poor service, lack of cleanliness, and unbelievably bad food.. A one star is too high of a rating! No second chance deserved here - no way we will be back.
1	This review  is actually for Moxie's (used to be Kimmy's).First off, same sour, crappy waitress that worked at Kimmy's. The waitress' "special mix" bloody mary tasted like high fructose corn syrup crap. Water was never replenished. My steak was like a dead body,- no seasonings and was pale (wtf?). I ordered herbed potatoes as a side, but when my food was brought to me she threw it down and said, "the potatoes are not ready yet so I substituted fries". I hate fries! Why would you arbitrarily do that??When the manager asked if everything was ok and we complained, all he said was that was a bummer. Yeah, tell the owner when this dump shuts down here in a month that it was a bummer. Piss poor.
