5	Very helpful and friendly staff. Got to see the doctor about 15 minutes after my scheduled appointment time (so the wait wasn't too bad). Plus the Bugs Bunny band-aid at the blood draw was kind of a nice touch!
5	Dr. Parikh is simply the best. Without going into too much personal detail, he was our light at the end of a very dark tunnel. He and his staff were always so patient, positive, and accommodating. A situation that at one point seemed incredibly grim and confusing was broken down into individual steps by this skilled doctor and his staff that led to a much more positive road. The wait times are minimal when you have an appointment, and the doctor will never make you feel rushed or leave without answering all of your questions. He truly cares about each of his patients, and that is a rarity in this city. Switching to Dr. Parikh was probably one of the best decisions we've made.  I have referred a friend to see him when he also was faced with a tough situation. He cannot thank me enough for referring him to a Dr. who for once not only knew what he was talking about, but was patient and compassionate enough to help get his patients through a very difficult and confusing time in their life.
5	I was referred to Dr. Parikh last year by Dr. Manthei after I had a Total Thyroidectomy. On day one Dr. Parikh let me know that we were pretty much going to be best friends for life. That was very comforting considering most doctors in this town treat you like a number or an incompetent fool. Not with Parikh! I genuinely look forward to visits with him, almost like going to see a family member. He is very compassionate and genuinely cares about his patients. He has a plan of action prepared for everything and is very prompt.Appointments are always available when I need them and wait times are never long. The office staff and phlebotomists are all so nice! They are very helpful with any questions I have and even let me borrow their pens and don't get mad when I accidentally keep them.
