2	I've been to this location one other time but today was a complete disappointment. I ordered a Med. hot Chi and muffin (very good BTW) no napkin kind of got in the way of me eating it in my car though. The problem was with the Chi... I kid you not it wasn't even half full! I went back through the drive thru and asked for another and she said it was the froth (which also didn't fill the cup) Being in the service industry myself I would have been embarrassed to give that to a customer.  Got to the window for the Chi and didn't even get a "sorry about that", I'm not done with Dunkin but I'm for sure done with this location!!
4	Great service. I come here often and never had bad service or food.
4	Tried the new Angus Steak bagel. YUM! Drive-thru was fast and service was polite and efficient.
1	I love Dunkin Donuts but they have gone downhill. I come here every morning for an Iced Coffee and bagel and everyday my coffee is different (mostly horrible). Either the mess up the order or it doesn't even taste like coffee, they are not consistent. I rather get a coffee at McDonald's.
1	I drove thru this morning and ordered 2 bagels with cream cheese. Both bagels were barely coated. What a rip off. I would expect that from butter but not cream cheese. When is Einstein Brothers going to come to this forsaken part of the valley? Dunkin Donuts get it right. I also remember the dounuts being a lot larger. I doubt if I go back prices are too high for the skimpy product they are pushing. I would rather go out of my way, pay more, and get what I pay for.
1	Been to this location about three times.  Overall, service and attitude wasn't good.  My last stop was with my daughter and her two friends.  We ordered 2 refilled iced coffees in the plastic cups we bought, and some donuts.  When the girl was handing us our coffees I noticed they were steaming hot.  I mentioned to the girl that these were supposed to be iced coffees and she said she was sorry.  She then proceeded to pour some of the coffee out, then put some ice over the hot coffee.  By the time we got to our car the ice had melted and the coffee was warm.  I would have come back and asked for another iced coffee but didn't have time.  I won't be returning to this location.  FYI:  We frequently go to the Dunkin Donuts on Baseline and Stapley and they are consistenly friendly and the service is awesome,
1	Something has changed at this location...I'm a regular here and the drive thru service has been slow for the last 3 weeks...If doesn't improve looks like Dutch bros will be worth the trip.
1	This is the worse location ever! They seem to run out of everything each week. The drive-thru line is ridiculously slow. Be prepared to check your order before you leave. 9 times out of 10 it's wrong. Common sense is not necessary to work here.
3	This is second time I've been that they have forgotten to make my Sandwhich & I've had to ask for it. Also the guy at the counter seemed unfamiliar with the menu. Time for some customer service training at this location DD!
1	I have many, many... many years of experience in the restaurant industry.  The major issue that I have seen with this location is obviously poor ownership/management.  I come to this location a few times a week and ALWAYS have plesent experiences with the staff.  The issue is that they are ALWAYS short staffed.  This contributes to total chaos during peak hours and a lose of good service because the staff is running around like mad and cannot keep up with the demand of customers.  I feel bad for the staff that seems decently committed to good services.  This location will suffer because of ownership trying to save a few nickles in payroll.  A shame.
