4	Target stores seem to be very similar in layout, product placement and obviously, pricing--so the differences between them do not usually stand out to me. This store is in a great location. For the most part, the staff seems helpful although the general attitude seems to have diminished in recent years. Their lane management also does not seem to be on par with what it used to be as there is usually a wait. However, overall I like this store. I can say with confidence that I will seek out a Target before succumbing to the dark side of Wal-Mart.
4	This is My Target. Haha! I love my pharmacist, I know the layout...for all things household or retail therapy, it's my go-to.
1	This target SUCKS I went shopping spent over 400 bucks and some of my stuff was not in the bag when I got home had to come back waited well over 15 minutes to get my stuff back a rent a cop is taking for ever to approve me getting my stuff
5	This is my local Target and I love it. Both my daughters worked at this target at one time or another. It is very close to my house and within walking distance if I so desired to do that.I love all the holiday and then clearance items they have from time to time. I was able to buy a Dyson vacuum for $175 off what everyone else was selling it for. I shop target for almost everything. But recently learned their prices are not as low as the grocery store on some items But overall great place to shop for all yor needs
2	I am a huge Target fan and this is my closest one. But this is the worst Target. The store doesn't not have as much stock as other Targets. The employees are not very friendly. And the fitting rooms are horrible! They remind me of a truck stop restroom. The changing rooms are the smallest, coldest stalls. This is also the only Target I have ever been to that you have wait for an employee to unlock a fitting room door for you to get in. Oh and please do something about the smell when you first walk in! I think it's the old carpet smell mixed with the popcorn of the snack bar. I usually avoid this target, especially if I'm shopping for clothes.
2	Filthy bathrooms, I mean filthy- oh and no toilet paper. The cashier was very friendly and nice though. Won't go again.
