1	DO NOT LEAVE YOUR CAR HERE!!! PERIOD!!! THIS PLACE WILL RIP YOU OFF!!!Long story, but I'll make it short. They wanted over $1000 in repairs... I went and got a second opinion... Ha.. Whata know... Out the door for $62. Just a warning...  When I picked my car up from "puuuuuurfect" auto, the drivers seat was adjusted in the fully back "gansta" position and the a/c was on full blast!! On a 50 degree day.... Really?? Bottom line.. They are a bunch of thieves that pretend to be auto mechanics.. I cant speak for every employee, but from what I saw I would not expect much more. Don't say you weren't warned.....
4	I think my oil change came out to $15. Cant complain!
1	IF you have not ever been to a Purrfect Auto then DO NOT EVER GO TO A PURRFECT AUTO.  Up sell you at every point and they didn't even inspect the vehicle when doing the oil change.  Not to mention they were not very nice to the customers.
3	had a smog and engine flush for $60. the mechanic pointed out that my belt and valve cover gasket needs to be replaced. he said hed do it for 140. uh no... those two parts wouldnt even total $20 and the labor involved isnt difficult at all... one thing i noticed when i got home was that all the liquids were supposed to be topped. off. windshield washer fluid still same, steering fluid same, coolant still same. they jipped me out of $10... oh well they did stuff i didnt want to for my samurai. ill only go here for smog checks.
5	Being new to the city of the hustle, it's always tough to find a trustworthy auto shop. I gambled and got lucky to find a place with integrity here in the neon desert. reluctant that it is only 2 blocks from me. It has been a couple weeks and everything is still running great so.
1	The owner was extremely rude. He was talking on his cell phone while closing out a customer. Also, with me personally, he was unprofessional about taking down my information (is it me, or why is personal information relevant if all I'm getting is a smog check?), claiming it was the "law" for him to take it down. Then, he had the nerve to tell me when I was going to pay that it would be an extra $2 if I wanted to pay with my debit card, when he had no such statement posted ANYWHERE in the place. I told him it was the LAW for him to have something posted and that he couldn't just spring that on people at the time of payment. Thankfully, he didn't charge me, but then proceeded to distastefully throw my final paperwork at me. I would NEVER go here again, even for the cheap $10 smog. I don't understand how this place is even in business with customer service like that!
5	5 stars based on my husband's urging.I'm a girl. My dad always told me to take my car to the dealership for maintenance.My husband's a boy. He NEVER takes his car to the dealership and thinks I'm crazy for doing so.I do not know anything about cars. In fact, if a mechanic suggests an additional service, I'd probably do it because....I'm a girl.My husband knows a lot about cars. He's been to this place a few times over the past 3 years and he has nothing but positive things to say.  My husband thought he had a problem with his clutch (to girls: not a purse but a car part :). He went to 5 shops including this one to price the parts & labor for what he thought needed to be fixed. Purrfect Auto had the cheapest price and the turnaround time was just 2 days (2 days less than the other places). He took his car here to be fixed, and to his surprise, they called him and said it wasn't the clutch it was some other thingamigjigger (no idea) and it ended up being a much cheaper fix. According to him, they could have screwed him by just replacing the clutch but they didn't.I've adopted my husband's mentality when it comes to repair shops. I don't care of these establishments are friendly\unfriendly, air-conditioned, fancy\unfancy --- all I care about is that they are honest and that they get the job done. I've been here 4x and haven't had any semblance of a problem.My husband recommends this place to everyone and that's good enough for me.
1	I went to get my oil and smog at another place but they didn't do major repairs that's why I ended here.My a/c is doing noise when I turn it on but the guys at the first place told me the belts were ok even newish when they took a look at them (they could replace the belts but because that wasn't the problem they didn't do it).When I get here they ask for all your info complete name, address, and phone mmm didn't like it but still provided it.They only did a "visual" check on my car and "determined" that it needed flash of the system and change all my filters for 800$ ... When I asked about the condition of the belts the mechanic replied "Well they were wore down but I could leave it for a couple months more." Really?? I mean I also asked for the pulley (since when I got to O'Reillys they told me that could be the problem) he said that couldn't know that until he starts putting everything apart and that would have to charge for that.Mmm no thanks.I didn't feel comfortable with these guys something seems fishy. Won't come back.
4	I never have had any work done here before. They told me something was wrong with my car and I didn't believe him so I went to another place and actually had to fix it because it was wrong so my previous review was wrong. I am giving them four stars for giving me the correct information.
1	I brought my Ford 2003 car for smog and failed and they asking for $930 repairs! I told the guy/manager if he's kidding me but said no. I told him I'm not doing it and charged me $100 for diagnosis and $15 for smog. I said I have their coupon for diagnosis for $47 but did not accept. I then brought my car to other shop and it passed smog for $140. WARNING: PLS DO NOT BRING YOUR CAR TO THIS SHOP !!
1	Never come back, cheating cheating cheating.
2	I can appreciate a quick tip when I go in for an oil change about a couple things they'd noticed, however the gentleman that performed my smog check (I feel) crossed the line a bit. He popped my hood, and told me about a cracked motor mount- okay, thanks, but then he lays into me about how dangerous and careless I'm being about the wear on my brakes.. I was kind of offended. I knew that it was getting to be about to time to change the brake pads, but I know for a fact it wasn't metal on metal like he was saying, while shaking his index finger at me.He gestured for me to come see, and I declined, opting to pay for my smog and get out of that shark tank. PROS:Cheap smog with coupon in the mail ($9.99).CONS:Intrusive associates.Long wait. 30 minute smog check.Tip cup on the counter.. Really?I wouldn't come back, not even for the cheap smog checks. And especially not for any major repair work since they seem to over-emphasize repair work.
1	Do not take your car here. They ripped me off. The owner is full of shit. Take your car/truck elsewhere.
1	WORST SERVICES. VERY RUDE OWNER. I came here just for smog  check  and made me wait over 30 minutes . They already done but never called me. I ask owner he said almost ( when it's already done) I just went and check my car has been done. They hold up for?? I asked him he said He has many customers ( while he just sit and talked to other guys) Try to charge $2 for using card when I ask where is sign? Owner said there is no need a sign. I'm not coming back here and he said please don't . Wow what kind of owner is that? I can feel this place can rip you off and make you piss off and I don't know how he Has business with this kind of attitude. Just to WARN you. Don't bring your car there! Go somewhere else that at least they care and know the word  "customer services" .
1	EVERYONE---BEWARE OF THIS PLACE!!!!! THEY ARE HORRIBLE, DISHONEST, UNPROFESSIONAL, RUDE, SNEAKY, SHADY SCAM ARTISTS!!! I wish I can give them negative stars! LIES! LIES! LIARS! It's so sad when people/owners knowingly operate their business with no integrity whatsoever! I don't even know how they're still in business with all the complaints! Oh, I'm sure from taking advantage of and ripping off gullible people! I'm so disgusted of how these guys(in particular, the "lowlife", no class, Persian looking, scumbag OWNER) will straight up lie to your face when you call them out! Wish I had the time to report them to BBB and the News! I don't know how these CROOKS can sleep at night! UGH!!!!1st time*March 2013-after getting my car serviced and THOROUGHLY inspected at Toyota, I was told NOTHING was wrong with my car and that everything looked great. It was time to renew my registration, so the next day, I took it here because I was lured in by their coupon-$9.99 smog check (cheapest in town)and closest smog check place to my house. The Hispanic guy opened the hood, called me over, and while pointing at this and that under my hood, he told me that he's not supposed to pass my car(only 2 years old) because A, B, C, & D needed to be repaired BEFORE I can get a smog, and that he could take care of everything for $435. I laughed and replied, "That's really funny cuz I JUST took my car to the dealership yesterday and was told EVERYTHING looked great." After that, he couldn't even look at me in the eye and of course passed my car. 2nd time*June 2013-my husband took his car for another $9.99 smog. Same crap. A "supervisor" told him A, B, & C needed to be repaired. Yeah, sure! 3rd time*Thursday, Nov. 6, 2014(NEVER EVER AGAIN!)-my son took his car here for a smog. (I reminded him to hawk-eye them the entire time). After the smog was completed, he paid, was handed some paper, and left. **They never mentioned nor indicated in any way that his car DIDN'T pass smog. (None of our vehicles failed a smog in the past. So, anyone in our shoes would've assumed that the car passed smog this year). It wouldn't have been a big deal at all if for some reason it didn't pass, but would've been nice to be informed one way or the other.Yesterday, I dreadfully went all the way to the DMV to renew in person(just in case they needed our new insurance info since we switched company on Nov. 1st & had wasted so much of my time there :-/). While waiting, I cleaned out my purse and went through the smog papers before tossing them---I was in complete shock when I read 'Overall Test Result: FAIL', on the "3rd" page. WTH! So, I called Purrfect Auto and asked to speak to the manager and asked why my son wasn't informed that his car didn't pass and the reason why it didn't pass, blah, blah, blah. The "owner" flat out lied and said that HE told my son. I'm not confrontational, but I became furious because the jerk straight up lied to me! So, my son and I went there to confront him! Then he changed his story and now said "his mechanic"(putting the older, black mechanic on the spot) was the one that told my son that his car didn't pass (and sadly the older black mechanic went along with his boss' lies). He also stated, "It's also written on the paper!" And sarcastically asked me, "Why, you can't read? It's right there on the paper!" WTH, is that how you talk to your customers? I swear-never in my life I wanted to punch someone so badly in the face until this encounter with this PUNK. I asked him, "Why did you lie to me about informing my son that his car didn't pass, and why isn't it on the top page for customers to actually see and not hidden in between the papers?" I told him that I don't have a problem if the car didn't pass smog, but it became a problem when customers aren't informed. Then, he sarcastically laughed and tried to change the subject and telling his nearby employees that I'm making a big deal about a $9 smog! I was so mad, I seriously wanted to knock him out! Before I could finish saying what I needed to say to his face, he demanded me to leave. But I refused to leave until I made sure his shady employees and everyone around heard what I had to say! UGH! HORRIBLE! HORRIBLE!
