5	Best whole in the wall Chinese food in the west valley! I have been going here as a kid and I would go there again and again. Take out is great and I would recommend getting take out there. Now, eating there I might not suggest, taking the food home is awesome!
5	Decided to be adventurous and try a new place. BINGO! The first thing that caught my eyes from the street was that they had pictures of food posted on their wall. I think pictures always helps out. They were closing in 30 minutes, but they were still very friendly upon greeting me. I ordered quite a few items: Hot Wings, Shrimp Fried Rice with Garlic, Krispy Noodle Chow Mein, Beef with Broccoli, Scallops and Shrimp with Garlic Sauce, and Lim's Special Chicken. For whatever reason I told them that it was my first time here and they had given me a discount on my order. On top of that, they also gave free drinks while I waited for my food. I didn't want to take the drink cuz I felt somewhat bad, but she had insisted. What a GREAT person! The food arrived in like 15 minutes and I guess I ordered a little bit too much. LoL! The food was packed nicely and in a box...must have been a few pounds. They even provided some sauce and the essentials of soy sauce and fortune cookies. Arrived home and I was just hungry and began eating. I should have taken some pictures, but I was starving. The food was great and I am going back again!
5	I have been enoying Lim's for almost 19 years when they opened early in the 90's.  I have rarely been disappointed by anything I ordered.  Everything from soup to their homemade sweet and sour sauce..you will never find anything cheaper with more flavor!
5	I used to go here years ago with co-workers but one them  had a very unpleasant experience that I won't go into detail with so I had stopped frequenting, I moved away from the area and hadn't thought about it in years. About a year ago a friend mentioned going there back in the day so we thought we would give them another shot.  In the past year I have been back about a half a dozen times when I'm in the area and they have never given me a bad meal.Don't be intimidated by the building. It looks a little run down from the outside and there usually aren't many cars in the parking lot. Let it be everyone else's loss, not yours. Don't judge a book by it's cover.The lunch specials are between $5.99 & $6.99, most being $5.99 unless it has some sort of seafood. Combos come with egg drop soup loaded with crunchy veggies and chicken pieces. What chinese place  puts chicken in their egg drop soup? It is probably the best I have ever had..ever! 2 fried won tons, a egg roll and fried rice. The portions are huge.The service is always quick and pleasant and everything is made to order.  Ask for your drink in a to go cup..especially the iced tea. I can't get enough of it.If you get the urge for chinese and you are around the Desert Sky area stop in and give them a shot. You won't be sorry.
5	It's been awhile since I've been here and I almost forgot how great of a place this is. I ordered a few things, but one of the new items I tried was the Shrimp with Cream Sauce...ohh emm gee! Amazing sauce!!! I asked what kind of veggies it came with: mushrooms, snow peas, celery, carrots, cabbage, and broccoli. I'm not too big on some of the veggies, but the whole thing just went well together. Please try if you haven't...it's so GOOD!
5	Met 2 friends here for lunch and the place just keeps getting better. The hot and sour soup was amazing. Filled with lots of roast pork, shrimp, tofu and veggies with the perfect amount of spice. I just wish I lived closer. The prices have gone up a bit, but $5.99 & $6.99 is still a bargin for the quality and quantity of food.
4	The food here  is SOOOOOO good. I found this place in 2005 and have been a very big fan since. I moved very near here(coincidentally) in 2007 and found myself there 3-5 times a week. I love their spicy food! I started getting heartburn in 2011 from mostly eating spicy food(and getting older) so unfortunately I come here once a month. I've eaten in the restaurant a few times and you get a few bonuses for eating in. I normally just get take-out and eat it at home or work. I would have given this place 5 stars but I'd be lying if I said this place was perfect. Their dine-in area is very outdated. It looks at least 20 years old. This place is in what many may consider a bad neighborhood(and I can somewhat agree) and its outer appearance is lackluster. More people need to discover this place so they can afford to improve their restaurant in the future.
3	The Chinese food here is pretty decent. Not much of a variety. We had two different types of chicken and the sauce tasted generally the same. Vegetables added to the dishes were fresh. A little over priced for my taste but the orders were huge amounts. The hot sour soup was my favorite out of everything we ordered.
5	been going there as a kid and they have the best sesame chicken EVER!!!
5	This is the 2nd best place to get Egg Foo Young in town!  I tried one of their lunch specials before and did not really liked it.  I will keep coming back for the chicken egg foo young.
4	Tried Lims for the first time. The fried rice was great. The pepper steak was good but could have used a little more flavor. The portions were good size. The crab puffs were also nice and big. The average dish is $7 - $8 which is great for the amount of food you get. We will be back.
4	I came back here to try something else besides my favorite egg foo young.  I had the shrimp fried rice.  I must say that I was very impressed.  Some places leave a layer of oil at the bottom of the rice container.  This not the case here.  I requested that they added garlic to my fried rice and it was a very good touch.
4	Used Yelp to find this place. Small mom and pop shop. I ordered the lunch special - sweet&sour chicken. It came with egg flower soup, fried rice, and egg roll. What I liked was that it was only chicken, not like most places that put a lot of vegetables.
1	The one thing that cannot be disputed about Lim's -- a well-established restaurant in the West Valley -- is that the service is very friendly.  Okay:  that was the generous part of this review.  Buckle your seatbelt:  this isn't going to be a smooth ride.Once again, my theorem about YELP has been confirmed:  the more stars a restaurant has, the more you should avoid it.  I'm convinced that every prisoner released from Sheriff Joe's tent city is promised a $20 bill for their first night's meal in freedom, PROVIDED they write a review on YELP.  How else can one explain the 4 and 5 stars for this place?  Certainly, it couldn't be for the fluorescent lit diner atmosphere ... and it certainly couldn't be for the food ... could it?!?The Hot n Sour soup was okay.  My partner thought it too sour.  Hello!  The "sour" isn't in the name to make it sound pretty.  I didn't think it too sour at all and they certainly don't skimp on ingredients:  the soup is loaded.  From there, however, it started going downhill faster than a snowball down the side of a steep ski run.The egg rolls, too, weren't bad ... a bit greasy, but filled almost exclusively with cabbage, which I like.  But the two dishes specifically mentioned in reviews here -- the Devil Beef and the Mu Shu Pork -- were as disappointing as a visit to the U.S. Senate.  Unfortunately, the quality of the food matched the Senate's performance, too.  Even before I could open my mouth, my other half said what I was thinking when they brought the beef out:  "My God!  It looks like someone's already eaten it!"  Mushy, grey, and in spite of the jalapenos in it, bland.  Sort of like Senator John McCain, except it wasn't demanding we go to war in Syria.  And while it is advertised in the menu, Chinese food with ... jalapenos?!?  Chinese-Mexican fusion?!?!  The Mu Shu Pork was something I'd never seen before in the many years I've eaten Chinese:  pre-rolled Mu Shu.  Usually, they bring you the wrapping and the filling is on the side and you make it yourself.  Not here:  they do it for you.  That by itself might have been acceptable to all but the Mu Shu Pork fanatic.  But what wasn't acceptable was the salt level in the food.  Unless you have a high tolerance for salty food, prepare to have lots of water nearby and watch your blood pressure go into the 150s over 110!Service was fast, but almost like something out of a bad comedy about Chinese restaurants:  everything was brought at once, regardless of how close you were to finishing the previous course.  The only thing they DIDN'T do was observe you from a distance and wait for you to finish eating.It pains me to give a bad review to a restaurant, which is obviously trying to please its customers.  In this case, however,  I'm afraid the review is fully justified.  I don't know who the people are on here, who think this is quality food.  I can only say to that one person, for example, who said he/she wishes this place was closer so he/she didn't have to drive all the way here:  KEEP DRIVING!  I rarely leave food on my plate and, when I do, I always ask for a doggie bag to take the leftovers home.  In this case, I left food on the plate and almost shouted "no" too enthusiastically when I was asked if I needed a box to take the remainder home.  Oh God in Heaven:  NO!!!!!
5	I come here about once a month to get my greasy Chinese food fix. It hardly ever disappoints. This is the best greasy Chinese food in the valley! My favorite dishes are the Chicken Chow Mein, fried rice (always ask for the fried rice!), General Tso's Chicken, and the Beef Chow Fun. They have the best crab puffs I have ever had (although it should be noted that I have a heavy bias towards greasy food). Lately I've also been indulging in their fried chicken and french fries. My only knock on the food is that the egg rolls aren't always consistent. Some days they're really good, and others... well more like average. Never gross, however. The service is always great, and you can always expect to get your drink refilled in a timely manner. For about $30 a family of four can eat comfortably here and still have plenty to take home. A word of caution: health nuts may not like it all that much. This is a haven for grease indulgence... and that's marvelous.
5	I have been eating at lims for years. It's a favorite for my family! Although I haven't been here in a while, I think I need some. Good food, good service :)
