5	Yay!! We have a new sandwich place at Town Square and it can't get better than Capriotti's.  The little sandwich shop is located in the old spot of Jonny Maguire's.  When you walk in, you can swear it's the same restaurant as not much has changed in the set up except the big board menu above the kitchen and ordering stations.  The staff is super friendly.  They seemed to be as excited as I was to be there, and I hope that time does not take away that enthusiasm because I genuinely appreciated the sincere friendliness.  I walked in at about 1pm on a Tuesday and there weren't very many people in here.  This is disturbing because I would HATE for them to suffer the same fate as Johnny Maguire's.  I'm hoping once more people realize they are here, they will come.  Build the sandwich, and they will come. Anyway, I ordered a small (9-inch) turkey with all the fixings.  In my excitement I had forgotten to tell her I was a mall employee, but to my pleasant surprise, she made sure to ask me before finishing the transaction.  I got a small discount, which I truly appreciated.  Then I waited for my sandwich.  The employee who was making sandwiches called out a couple other people's names and then saw that I was standing there still waiting.  He asked my name, and 2 minutes later my sandwich was ready, and to my surprise, a large instead of the small I had ordered.  The best part of all of this, how freakin delicious my sandwich was!  What a pleasant experience.  I'm so excited and I hope they are here for the longrun!
1	I wouldn't come back.This was my first time at Capriotti's and I am pretty disappointed because everyone tells me that it's the best sandwich they have ever had.. Me thinks not.The cashier was completely ice cold towards me while I was ordering and only spoke to me wwwwwwheeeeeen: I finished ordering and gave her my card to swipe. When she handed it back and said nothing, I started walking away to sit down at a nearby table. Immediately, she raises her voice and says "HEY! YOU HAVE TO SIGN THIS FIRST!" Maybe it is because I have been in customer service for so long that something like this pisses me off, but that's not how you address customers. If it's a big deal, wait until the receipt is done printing, and THEN hand my card back at the same time saying "Will you please sign that receipt for me as well?" I ordered the Roast Beef without onion and added mayo. To my surprise, the roast beef was shredded.. I've never had it shredded before when I have ordered from other places? And the big bummer was that the roast beef was very very dry. The bread was okay, but it was on the colder side. I didn't know if I had the option for it to be toasted when I ordered or if it's served like this, but the cashier could have cared less. After my buddy ordered, he turned to me and said "That girl was such a b%$* to me!"
4	I learned about Capriotti's when I was here in 2012 for the Yelp Elite Spring Break event.  I spoke to one of the owner reps and he gave me a free sandwich card for me to use the next time I come back into town!  Sweet!When I did eventually go back later that year, I lost the card(doh!) but I still went to get a sandwich here.  Personally out of all the sandwiches I tried, I personally like the Bobbie the best which is turkey, cranberry, and stuffing.  I also had tried the Capastrami and the SlawBe Joe which was pastrami and roast beef respectively.  However, both of these sandwiches have cole slaw in them...not a sandwich that can keep for a couple of days.  I ate half of the Bobbie the day I ordered it and ate the rest the next day without refrigeration.  Still tasted good!  Any sandwich that can taste as good as the day you bought it, wins oodles of points in my book.  This location in the Town Square is very convenient and located upstairs from the Coffee Bean.
4	Well this is a place that despite its oddly arranged seating and small space is going to do well at Town Square. I honestly cannot remember what was here before Capriotti's, but can we really remember many of the unmemorable, poorly thought out, and down-right bad places that have opened up at Town Square? The place seems cursed, save for Yard House. BUT I believe Capriotti's WILL survive, if only based on the fact it is a chain that delivers good food and it is a name that will have people flock to it no matter what.I happened upon Cap's while I was shopping today and had two things in mind. 1. Getting some food and 2. Escaping the heat. I wandered to Cap's and entered. The place is tiny and cramped. There is bar seating and a few tables. No matter how busy this place gets, it is not going to hold many people, but I've noticed that about a lot of Capriotti's - small places, limited seating.I received the Capastrami (Small) and a small fountain drink, which I had to shimmy to the back of the place to fill up. There is room for exactly one person in front of the soda machine so be prepared to wait if the place is busy. My sandwich came out quickly and was delicious as usual. Cap's uses the finest meats and the best ingredients, that's why their sandwiches taste so good (save for a burnt Philly Cheese Steak I had once). If I'm in Town Square and need a quick bite, this will probably now be my go-to. The only reason for 4 instead of 5 stars is again, the tiny space and the necessity to squeeze around people to get to the soda fountain.
5	the BOBBIE, capastrami, cheesesteak, chicken cheesesteak! there are so many delicious mouth watering sandwiches to choose from! the quality is top notch! the wait is never bad & you will always have a great tasting sandwich! the best part are the sizes! large (20") is the way to go if you're sharing with a friend! you can never go wrong with Capriotti's.
4	New location in Town Square, across from the movie theater. Sandwiches are great just like any other Capriotti's locations and the employees are fast, efficient and friendly. If you've never been to a Capriotti's before, I would really recommend the Bobbie or the Capastrami...which are my favorites. It was hot outside and Capriotti's seemed to have their AC turned up much higher than other stores that day. Loved it since it was really refreshing...also caused me to stay there longer than I had planned!
4	The cole slaw is in-flipping- believable!!!We had never been to a Capriotti's before, so we gave it a shot. The woman behind the counter wasn't exactly friendly and definitely not helpful after asking if it was our first time there. I got the vegetarian turkey something or other and it was meh to say the least. The very best thing about the entire experience was the freaking cole slaw! I will go back, just to have a cole slaw sandwich. NO JUDGING. :)
4	Located on the same level as the Movie theaters.  I'm actually getting myself the black an bleu salad.  I get to try Jesse's sandwich that's why. Lol.Small little shop, great service.  It's a small simple menu so that every time you go to Capriottis you can try each one.  I'm a Bobbie or Capastrami girl! Oh an hey have nothing Bundt cakes too. Yippie!
3	I had to try "The Bobbie" after hearing people rave about it. I've never been overly impressed by Capriotti's and this sandwich was on par with the rest of their food; just OK. I LOVE stove top stuffing. I LOVE cranberry sauce.  And I like turkey sandwiches.  So this sandwich sounded promising. Unfortunately it just wasn't anything special. I could definitely make this at home faster and cheaper. On the plus side the small 9" sandwich was pretty big.
4	I've wanted to try Capriotti's for a long time but every time I'd pass by a Capriotti's both here in Las Vegas and in Southern California, I'd eaten a meal a short time before.  Finally, the timing was right and I got to try their famous Bobbie sandwich: turkey, stuffing, cranberry, and mayo.  Looked kind of dry but was really good.  The turkey wasn't salty, the stuffing was tasty and had a nice texture, and the bread was really good, even though I don't usually like white bread.  There seemed to be too much cranberry (not usually a fan) but I was mistaken.  There was just enough to complement the turkey and stuffing.  Will definitely return to a Capriotti's on my next trip back to the mainland.
5	As usual all ways awesome.  Bobbie, cheese steak or turkey is the way to go. Can't go wrong with any of those choices. If you have a few people that all want the same go with a large. It will be more than enough for three people.
5	Best sandwich I have ever had! The Bobbie is the best, it's like Thanksgiving exploded in your mouth. They roast their own turkey perfectly moist, the rolls are soft and delicious. My only complaint is there are not enough locations. I would love to see one of these in the Sacramento area!
4	Three cheers for the Capastrami!!!  Location is a bit tough to get to but if you're already in town square it's no big deal.
3	First time at this location. Ordered my usual, chicken cheese steak... One word, DRY.
4	While it many not have the glitz of the rest of the Las Vegas strip from the outside, Capirotti's serves some of the best sandwiches around. It is unfortunate that the first reader did not have a good experience, because I have only had terrific experiences. Capirotti's serves several great sandwiches, but the highlight of this place is a sandwich called "The Bobbie", which is a Thanksgiving feast of turkey, cranberry sauce and stuffing on a tasty sandwich roll. Other winners include "Slaw Be Jo" (roast beef, cole slaw, provolone, russian dressing, and mayo) and a tasty eggplant parmesan sandwich, which is one of many vegetarian choices. The only negative is that there are not a lot of places to sit, which can be a problem during the heart of the lunch rush. Service is friendly and prices run from about $6 for a small (9") sandwich, to $11 for a huge (20") sandwich which can be easily shared. I like to go with a few friends, get a few sandwiches and split them up. This is a regular stop for me when I am in town. Do yourself a favor and give Capriotti's a try.
4	If you are a Cap's fan, this location is great. There is a location by my area on Rainbow and 215, but Johnny and I drive the extra mile to come here because I am in love with their sugar cookies. They're so soft, chewy with crispy edges. The people are nice and friendly too. One time, I ordered a chicken cheese steak to go for my boyfriend when he wasn't with me and they accidentally made me a regular cheesesteak. No problem. They apologized and I waited for the right order. I didn't realize until I got the chicken cheese steak that they insisted me to keep the other one for free because they made the mistake. Now that's customer service. I personally like cheesesteaks, but when I'm in a refreshing type of mood, Capastrami for me please.
5	Great food. Beats subway by far love the Cheese steak sandwich with both sweet and spicy peppers
5	Its a sub shop located right above the Double Helix. AWESOME customer service!! Very friendly and oh so helpful! And you HAVE to try the Capastrami if you are a pastrami fan like myself :) As far as sub shops go, this is one of the "As good as it gets" businesses.
5	I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place! I've been here 4-5 times in the last few months and always try a new sandwich. No matter what I get, it's been so good! I used to love subway, but this place in my opinion is way better! Will be coming back!
