5	It isn't easy to find good sushi in Phoenix. Usually, even if you do find it, you have to subject yourself to annoying house beats and dress up like you're going clubbing afterwards to fit in. Which is why Moto is such an aberration. It's sandwiched between a Blockbuster and McDonalds at 16th St. and Glendale, so the cheezy factor can pretty much be immediately ruled out. I remember this when it was still a Shogun Express, which I also enjoyed, but I must say, I like Moto even more. They have some creative appetizers including the Asian Nachos, which are essentially nachos with sour cream and chicken and guacamole but instead of tortilla chips, they use fried wontons. Genius, I tell you. Happy hour prices are more than fair and the Caterpillar and Spicy Tuna rolls are some of the best I've found. Try the all-you-can-eat deal on the weekends, too . . . Hard to beat.
3	I don't go to Moto very often, even though it's across the street from my  house.  I've really only been for dinner and take out.  It's been good, standard fare.  Nothing spectacular, but good.  The fish has been better than some places.  And the AYCE sushi special on Saturdays for $15.95 is a great deal.Today I went to lunch with a PG girlfriend, so, no raw fish for her.  We decided to share two dishes, the sweet & sour shrimp and the veggie pad thai.  While the serving of pad thai was huge, I thought that $8.95 for no meat was a little steep, it's $12.95 to add chicken, beef, shrimp or tofu.  And the shrimp bowl was good, the sauce was tasty and not too sweet, but only 5 pieces of shrimp.  Not a value.Since they don't have a lunch menu, I think I'll stick to Moto for happy hour and for dinner and AYCE on Saturdays.
4	Saturday: 11am-2:30: all you can eat sushi is only $16.95pretty darn good sushi too.  not busy, you get a seat easily.  Nice but not a scene-- which is how I like to dine on sushi.  I have had better but at this price, this is as good as it will ever get!  I've only had sushi here, so I don't know what the other food is like, but the other tables had non-sushi meals and they looked good, big portions.  www.mrmotorising.com
2	As a sushi place, this is awful.  No salmon (only smoked), and the rest of the (small selection) of fish has always been fishy smelling and questionable quality.  I've been here 3 times and its mediocre at best.  Sake selection is small, 1 or 2 low end choices.However, to give them credit, they do have a good beer lineup and their cooked japanese style food is very good.  Service has always been excellent.
3	*** Edited on April 13, 2008 to add this new bad experience. I'm thinking about changing my rating to ONE STAR because the experience.Went to Moto at 9:35 PM on Sat April 13 April night. Sign states they close at 10 PM. Waitress and Host made us stand in doorway like dicks while they "decide" if they are still "open." They hem and haw and "say hold on." I asked what time they stop seating and they said "10:00 PM." I ask them what time it is. Instead of answering me directly, the waitress says "fine, we'll seat you." We start to walk to the table and she adds "but you have to order fast."FUCK THAT!So I tell her, "thanks but no thank you" and leave.That was Saturday night.ORIGINAL REVIEW: I'll start backwards, at the end of my experience. The dessert is fricking awesome! The rice crispy sushi roll ice cream thing is out of this world. Holy goodness it's yummy.They also offer a nice selection of beer and the drink menu is diverse. The sake selection is not so great, but they do offer fun mixed drinks to make up for it.As for the food - I would give it a B+. Maybe A-. The Asian nachos app. was actually pretty interesting (in a good way). The sushi was pretty good too. Not the best, but good. Our server was a little strange. We couldn't decide if she was a little rude or just ditzy. But the host/door guy was great so at least we know they are capable of decent service.Moto is a pretty solid place. I kind of wish it were downtown Phoenix rather than so far up north, but I guess a girl can't have everything she wants, right?I'll be back to Moto soon, for sure. but the service needs much improvment.
5	So I have to say, when my friends tried to get me to try and all-you-can-eat sushi restaurant, I wasn't thrilled, but it's awesome!Moto is a small restaurant in central Phoenix (16th St and Glendale) that offers all-you-can-eat Sushi on Saturday from 11:30am-2:20pm.  And I must say, it's not just California Rolls, the special features some of my favorites; philly, las vegas, tootsy, eel, and much more.The special is about $17 bucks, which you easily pay for two specialty rolls.  The rules to teh special are cute too, so don't over order because you'll pay 50 cents for each piece left. :-)Also, make sure you try to Mojo, which is a dessert sushi roll.  It's ice cream (flavor chanegs everyday but we were lucky to get caramel) wrapped lie a sushi roll, but the rice is rice crispy!Definitely a place to try if you love sushi like I do!
4	Moto is one of the few sushi places near DT that I know of...on top of it being centrally located, it also has some pretty damn good sushi!  I have not been too adventurous with the menu...I normally always get the standard (a sake bomber, edamame, a roll, and some sashimi) but my co-diner decided to be gutsy and try  "The Exit Wound" is possibly the hottest noodle bowl in the Southwest...so watch out!  After that bowl, cool off with their ice cream sushi...it's two or sometimes three different types of ice cream (it's always a surprise and they won't tell you ahead of time what type of ice cream they are using for the night) and then rolled in rice crispies...definitely yummy.  Two chopsticks up! :)
2	I was really excited about Moto, so my Mom and I checked it out.Bleh. The sushi was just not good... not like stinky-ew-terrible, but mediocre. Our server was pretty young and confused about the whole serving profession.I give it two stars because I can see myself cruising to the bar for a midday beer and chowing down on some edamame, as it's a really neat area.
4	Ok, I am not into sushi, but this place is still good for the non-sushi person. This place is right down the street from my office and I have had the buffalo burger (great?), their moto wings are spicy and tasty, their yaki soba noodles are good and so are the sweet potatoe fries. The wait staff is friendly and prompt.
4	While in Phoenix for Easter weekend, the boyfriend and I decided to venture out and try some sushi.  I checked out yelp for suggestions, and after looking over Moto's website and snarky menu, we jumped in the car and drove over.  We were seated right away, and both decided to try the all you can eat.  I did the regular all you can eat deal, and Travis did the one w/ the Sapporo and sake.  I felt that for the price, it was a great deal. Especially coming from LA sushi prices which can be outrageous.  Travis did not read the rules and had to pay 50 cents for each piece he did not eat, which was a bummer, but I feel, it was put in the rules of the All You Can Eat deal so what are you gonna do? The service was a bit slow, but it was clean, and the waitstaff was friendly.  I would probably go back if I wanted sushi again in Phoenix. Their non-sushi menu looked tasty as well, so maybe next time ;)
5	I never eat sushi herebut i LOVE their spicy teriyaki chicken bowlLove it!
4	This was one of my favorite Sushi places to date.  You have to be "in the know" & ask for the "underground sushi menu", the one that doesn't exist!  The service can be a bit slow, the but the staff is friendly.
4	probably the ONLY place i'm a regular.have really only had their tofu bowls. i only have lunch here and i never feel like trying anything new. their bowls are great. choose your "meat". the way you want it cooked - i prefer garlic and broccoli. white or brown rice. add veggies for a $1 more. i dont know if i would recommend any sushi from here. had a spicy tuna once. dont remember it. so it must have not been that good. they have this dessert thats pretty good.
2	I was really excited to go out to dinner Friday night, because I hadn't seen my honey in a week and a half. And what better than sushi and a saki bomber to ease back into each other?We arrived at 8:50 p.m. and were seated almost immediately. In the back. Trying to review our menus in the near darkness wasn't easy. Ten minutes pass as tables around us get hovering attention. We, however, weren't even offered drinks. Just when I was calling Hana to see how late they were serving, someone finally came up to us for our drink order and appetizers. Our soup and appetizer came before our drinks. The Duece was our main course and mediocre at best. I'm used to my sushi/sashimi being a little cooler than room temp.I echo the comments about a limited menu.Sorry, but I wasn't impressed. That doesn't mean I won't try again...but I don't see myself waiting another 10 minutes while those around me are being serviced.
1	This place is Disgusting!!! Rice is Overcooked, tasted like a baby food My California Rolls did not even looked like ones. Lunch menu was way too small for the price. All-You-Can eat was a disaster. It took them 45 min to bring second order of rolls which we could not even eat, because they had NO Taste !!! Service is way too slow as well their chefs which I think would make a much better job cooking Salsa. Save your time and money and try to stay away from that Sushi JOKE Place!!!
3	Nothing too special about Moto Sushi outside of their sushi desert which consists of ice cream, nutella, and brownie rolled into a layer of rice krispies and sliced "like sushi."  That might be the only thing sushi about it...because it's "sliced like sushi."  If I sliced a crawfish into sushi roll shapes, would I be able to market it sliced "like sushi"?  It was a fun end of the meal treat.Outside of that unique desert experience, their sushi was just so so.  The waitress had a "secret menu" that she did not even inform us until we had got our order.  My co worker then proceeded to order another roll after we found out about this secret menu.  I'm not sure what is the point of the secret menu if they don't show it to you until you after you receive your food.  What's the point?
4	Let's talk about the good things at Moto.1. Beer. The owner (who splits his time between CO and AZ) doesn't mess around with "typical" beers. You won't find Budweiser, Miller, Coors, Heineken, Corona or any of their "lite" varieties. Usual beers found on tap are from Four Peaks (local brewery), Stone Brewing (San Diego), Avery Brewing (Boulder, CO) and various other craft brewing companies. Along with the beer comes an in-frequent "beer celebration" held at Moto. This happens for Stone Brewing Anniversaries along with other random events. Usually advertised on tables a few weeks prior to the event. 2. Non-sushi menu items. There is a good selection of pre-made bowls along with a make your own bowl option. I consider all of these bowls to be "to-go" options, I can never finish a full bowl (I'm 6'3" and 200+ lbs, to give you an idea of my size/appetite). Also, the buffalo burger and salmon entrees are good sized and won't break the bank.I've had every appetizer available on the menu and can say that they are all good to excellent. The spring rolls come with a wonderful sweet sauce. The chicken quesadillas are large and filling. The asian nachos are piled high.3. Desert - The "Mojos" are probably one of the best frozen deserts I've ever had. Ice cream wrapped in rice crispy treats. The ice cream can change daily, the servers usually do not know what flavor it will be. The menu states this as well.4. The "Underground" menu. This is the menu of specialty rolls that are made. These clock in at $12 each and are very good. The Jalapenko is spicy and very filling for an 8 piece serving. 5. The "all you can eat" on Saturday. This is both good and bad. The good is that yes, you can get all you can eat (of the available sushi, not everything is on this special). The bad is that once it gets busy you will need to wait for your items, Moto runs two sushi chefs max. If you expect 20 orders of 5+ sushi items to come out in 5-10 minutes, you need to come back to reality. Get there early and order in a timely manner, be prepared.And now the downside:1. Sushi - The regular menu has, in comparison to other sushi bars, a very small selection. As mentioned in earlier reviews, only smoked salmon for some items rather than regular salmon. The sushi available is of good size without the "rice bloat" that some sushi bars have, you know what I mean, when the roll has more rice than contents (fish/veggies/seaweed or soy wrap). I recommend ordering a regular roll, such as spicy tuna and an "underground" roll (mentioned above).2. Wait time and servers - This is a neighborhood restaurant, through and through this is how the owner markets the establishment and runs it. If it is very busy you will need to wait for a table. You will need to wait for your order to be prepared longer if it is busy.That's all I have to offer you in the way of advice and opinion on Moto. Overall it is above average when factoring in the experience and goal of the restaurant. I wouldn't call it a "sushi experience", but rather a nice sushi restaurant in a good neighborhood. Go to have a nice lunch or dinner, or to watch a game and drink some great beers.
3	Well, it dropped a star for me, and I'll tell you why. Eaten there probably 20 time in the last quarter. I've had it all; All you can eat sushi, bowls, desert, beer. Ate alone, ate with Sandra K, ate with son and family (including 3 year old grandson who plays drums with the chopsticks) had a party of 12 there.Service....slow on Saturday for the AYES, otherwise I can't complain. There are some "bright" spots. First, it's close to my neighborhood, a start and there is more than sushi and that is helpful when you have non-sushi lovers with you. The bowls are very good and you can order them in the heat index you like. Funny names to them as well, like the "Exit Wound Bowl" or "The Classified Bowl with this description;Don't Order this Bowl".Squid Salad is great, great, great! Calamari, ok. Hey they put a lot of thought into their beer selection and that is cool. And their dessert sushis are very unique.As for the sushi....I now have way too many sushi restaurants to try and they are all falling over themselves for your business. Sushi has become really "hip" lately but there will be a fall out in this category as the economy continues to slow and people, let's face it, are pulling back. This is not a place for a sushi purist, but give me good food, a cool gathering place (close to my central Phoenix abode) and I will be there. Sushi has got to get better for me to rate higher and "earn" my business.
5	This is truthfully the best sushi place in town! when your there dont forget to ask for the secret menu.....
4	Sashimi is always fresh. Love the beer selection which they seem to mix up often. Great happy hour pricing. Sports on the LCD tv's. I love this place. Off hours are best. Beat the rush and get great service. Check it out.
3	I enjoyed this place for lunch.....The likes:The humorous menu and helpful staff.....  Nice portions, the Miso soup is excellent and large.  The edamame was adequate and fresh.My lunchmate had the Vegas roll which was good but not the best in town by a long shot (think Hana and Dozo)The dislikes:I ordered the katsu...   This is a sticking point with me as few or no restaurants in the US seem to serve this properly.  The Katsu was goos but tasted like a generic chicken cutlet.  Panko should be VERY crispy and tasty this was not.  The appropriate accompniament is always white rise (check!) and shredded cabbage.  There seems to be the temptation to eliminate or modify this in the US.  Bad Idea!  While the "Asian Slaw" is tasty  it dominates the plate in a not so good way.The Tea - Dammit! why do place have to serve such crappy tea!  It is an inexpensive way to complement a meal.  We got an ancient teabag with genmaicha in it served uncermonioouslyThe Service - Come her with lots of time the service was inattentive and sporadic.  When she was there it was great it was the 20 minute absence that killed the dealI will go back for the AYCE buffet and try the sushi...
4	The sushi is always delicious, especially the ones listed on the underground menu (the volcano roll is to die for). We always go there for every special occasion. While it's true that the service is slow on Saturdays due to their all-you-can eat sushi special, I otherwise have no complaints.
5	If  you're looking for a casual, unpretentious sushi bar then go to Moto Sushi. The ambiance is like Starbucks (mood lighting) but with sushi. Vince is the Owner and has a great knack of remembering your name, which gives it a 'mom and pop' feel. I love the marketing of this place from the menus to the picture on the wall (hot asian model named Jayd Lovely by the hostess stand-shamless plug, don't hate). The food portions are perfect and this is truly important to me because I've yet to meet anyone who can out-eat me. I love their custom chicken/rice bowls, sushi is always fresh, and the moto chicken wings are spicy and moist. End your meal with an order of mojos or two (I don't like to typically share my dessert unless I'm in love with you) which is dee-licious!Oh! And ask for their underground sushi menu to spice things up a bit.
4	Moto is where I really got hooked on sushi, though what I have had off of the rest of the menu is always yummy too. The sushi is always fresh and the sweet potato fries are a great side to share with the table. I recommend Moto Happy Hour to friends all the time for sushi on a budget - the California, Spicy Tuna and Spicy Yellowtail rolls are all half-price and you can grab a 20oz beer for $3.50 to wash it all down. The "underground menu" is also a great option when your feeling flush - the rolls are all $12 each. My favorites are the volcano roll when I want something spicy and the mayflower roll when I want something bright and fresh. YUM!My only complaint (besides the Fox news that is always on the television sets) is that they don't usually have the Ace Pear cider on tap like they used to... my non-beer drinking friends always appreciated the option and it was a favorite of mine as well.UPDATE: the underground menu is above ground now - printed and pricey! The happy hour is still worthwhile and the beer list always has decent craft options (although they still lack a consistent cider for those who enjoy it and tend towards primarily hoppy beer choices). We still love the place and as we prepared to move cross-country, it was one of the few spots my husband needed to visit before saying goodbye for a year.
4	Moto is more than a sushi joint, because I dig the place and I won't eat a scrap of the slimy stuff.  Moto is a very friendly, neighborhood place where it only takes a few visits before the staff calls you by name.  Avoid the end of the bar area if you don't want to hear a gamut of extremely non-PC jokes, comments, and other debauchery.  If you aren't comfortable with this, don't bother seeking out management, because the raunchiest dude in that corner is probably the owner!Craft/MicroBrew style beers are always on tap and domestic junk is never!Regular tasting parties have been held in the past by Stone Brewing Company out of San Diego.As if you were ordering wine, ask for a menu with a description of the daily beer choices, which tells you it's name, brewer, predominant style or flavor, and even alchohol % content.  Watch out for those high % beers; it doesn't take much before you've over done your intentions!Considering anything except sushi, the menu offers a wide assortment, from usual to unusual.  I can't judge the sushi, becaue I don't eat it, but it sure looks neat and it's fun to watch being made.  Take some time reading the menu, because 1.It's full of funny (in a rude style) humorous tidbits, and 2. you'll find original dishes like the Thai chicken quesadilla, buffalo burger, and a cool build-it-yer-self meal for your own ultimate original combination of carb, protein, sauce, and veggies.Become a regular here, and as long as you're not a complete tool, you'll feel like one of the family.  If you are a complete tool, this is the kind of place that you might be shown a sign that says something like: "We reserve the right to refuse service to assholes like you."  *Note, I never actually saw such a sign in the building, but if you read the funny bits in the menu and rules for AllYouCanEat sushi, you will see that this is the exact mood and tone with which the place is run.
5	One of my absolute favorites ........ yummy!
2	An absolute travesty if you're here for sushi. An AYCE sushi menu limited to Krab (yes with a K ), smoked salmon, tuna, unagi, yellowtail, and rolls that look like they're made by Sushi-bot 5000 that shoots Krab as excrement. The fish themselves are atrocious and taste like they've had better days. The Krab seems to be some kind of binding agent they try to hide in every space imaginable just to fill you up. The sushi rice is the only thing that was prepared correctly and it was a blessing in disguise for it to be served by bushels in each bite. The service is borderline senile and their "AYCE rules" are written very condescendingly. As we were near finished, a friend had asked if I got my moneys worth. My response...  "yes, by not ordering anymore."
5	If you order sushi, ask for the secret menu.  The regular menu has regular rolls (standard stuff like Spicy Tuna and things of that sort).  We usually go for sushi, but I've been pleasantly surprised with the appetizers and the bowls.  The wings are very good (boneless, skinless tenders in sauce).  The best part is the beer selection.  It's rotated regularly and is always unique.  The bartender is always friendly and quick to suggest a good beer if the taps have changed since my last visit.Really a good place to go have happy hour or dinner.  We actually started going there when we lived down the street.  We've since moved, but we still drive out of our way to go there.Zen 32 it is not (but I think that's a good thing).
3	So, I  was with a friend and she was craving sushi and dreaded the thought of going to Zen 32 based on our last experience there. So I have wanted to try Moto since I had never been, and driven by it a million times. This place is easy enough to find just south of Glendale on 16th st. right behind a McDonald's and across the street from a Blockbuster Video.We went in the afternoon and the place was not extremely busy. We got the only booth in the restaurant, which is really meant for 4 to 6 people but gave the two of us plenty of room. The menu was cute, and I liked the little tidbits that were written on it about cell phone use, kids playing with the shades and other witty repertoire.The booth is in desperate need of re-upholstery, and the restaurant in general had a fishy smell..and seemed a bit dirty not real pleasant to say the least for a start.Our server was excellent, but I was a bit disappointed in the glass ware I received for my Ice tea, it appeared to be a buffet style Coca Cola plastic cup, but what was the worst the top of my glass had some pink lipstick still on the rim...witch to say the least kind of grossed me out a bit.We got the Krab Puffs for an apetizer, 5 crab puffs for 5 bucks...seems a little steep, but they were good and had a good ratio of cream cheese to crab, the dipping sauce seemed a bit bland though.I was not particularly in the mood for sushi, so I decided to get the Buffalo burger which to my surprise was actually made from Buffalo, I have had Buffalo before, and I would have to say that this piece was not the freshest. The sweet potato fries that accompanied the burger were delicious though. My partner in crime had the Eel roll, which I did not try but she seemed to enjoy it thoroughly. The total for the two of us came out to 25 bucks which was descent for two entrees and an appetizer with some drinks. The service at this place was impeccable our server was Lizzy and is the only reason I give it 3 stars, they need to do something about the smell, and it seems to need a thorough cleaning, and could use some new dishware. I am not giving up on this spot yet, they have an event coming up in a few weeks I want to check out so I will give it a second try before I decide to put a stake in it and be done with it needs some improvement but am definitely willing to give it a second chance.
5	Mutt-friendly microbrews - oh yea.Hiking with Jaek recently one evening was culminated wonderfully with a tasty ale on their shaded patio.Sure it was warm, but we were together - a boy and his dog and his beer.Beautiful, man, beautiful.
1	Mediocre sushi and god-awful service. My wife and I, both ex-servers from our college years, tried them three times. Every time the service was infuriating and the food bland. Save your money.
2	What?? No raw salmon? Only smoked?I am tres cornfused. Am I at a bagel place or a sushi restaurant?Slow service. Limited sushi menu. Bland Miso.NO RAW SALMON.Enough said, I won't be back. Too bad it was my only Saturday sushi lunch option (Zen 32, I'm looking in your direction...).
4	Recently went back here for a special beer tasting and would have to say everything was a step up from the first time I was there except for the fact that it still smelled by fish.  don't know what they need to do to get rid of that smell but it would be a bit more pleasant if they did...might even get 5 stars!
4	Call ahead and make sure Vince - the owner - is there.  When he's not, the place totally falls apart.  It's like having a substitute teacher in a fourth grade class when Vince isn't there.  The servers don't care and get snooty and food comes out at various times.  I think this is a result of Vince being an active owner/manager.  The problem is that he doesn't have a solid manager to back him up when he's gone.  Someone else needs to be able to crack the whip.  I'm a regular and will continue to be so, but my trips to Moto are few and far between when Vince isn't there driving his tatted-up sushi and saki slinging serving staff.
3	Service was good - I was disappointed by a lukewarm miso soup and almost cold brown rice.  We ordered the sushi/sashimi platter to share, and it tasted fine with an okay presentation. The green tea is unique and refreshing. We ordered the small Moto for dessert - and that was delicious and a small was plenty for two people.  Overall, if I was really craving sushi and I was near 16th Street and Glendale, I'd go again, but I wouldn't go out of my way for Moto.
4	Moto is pretty high up there in the sushi world for me. I love my sushi so it take a good place to impress me. I first went to Moto for their All-You-Can-Eat Saturdays. IN the beginning it wasn't nearly as strict as it is now, but rightfully so they had to implement some rules(Don't be a gluten, no sharing, $0.50 per piece you have leftover that they will box up for you to take home, must eat all the rice as well...). They offer just about any kind of sushi you would want for about $18 per person, or $22 per person if you want Saki with it, still a fab deal! My other favorite there is their chicken terriacki bowl, probably the best I have had in a long time. They have a "built your own" style bowl menu, very good, check it out! Over all Moto is good, but a once in awhile venture.
3	So I've been to this place twice. The first time, it was super-awesome, and I love, love, love the divine desert sushi...hello?! Rice Krispy treats and ice cream? To die for.I started with the curry soup, quite good, with just a hint of spice. The sushi served was fresh and the portions (especially the sashimi) were quite large. My first experience at Moto? Overall excellent.Sadly, on my second visit, I encountered a hot restaurant (eeew, raw fish and a hot environment?) with mediocre service. We arrived at 12:30 and attempted the All You Can Eat Sushi, two full hours later we had eaten exactly about two rolls and two nigiris each. minus soy sauce for the first order since we never got our soy sauce bowls. We were told the AYCES would take about 15 minutes to prepare when in actuality it took just under an hour for each order. We watched as two different families sat at a table across from us and left after waiting for about 10 minutes to give a drink order, nobody ever came.  Finally, this little grandpa with his two grandsons came in they, like us waited and waited. the grandfather told the server he felt he had been waiting too long (45 minutes), she offered an apology and sent the manager over who began to actually argue with the man, she actually asked if he had ever eaten at a sushi place before.  Excuse me? Not professional.  Then tried to tell him that the server had placed his order only 20 minutes earlier. He was confused as he had ordered a good 40-45 minutes earlier.  The manager, again, argued with the man telling him he didn't order 45 minutes earlier.  Bottom line: AYCES is horrible, we actually overheard the manager tell the man "The AYCES is prepared AFTER other regular orders, regardless of when placed, so that customers who order order off the regular menu get their food hot." Really? So the sushi chefs are also in the kitchen preparing soups and noodle dishes? Not likely.  So, take the 18 bucks, add on the automatic 20% gratuity and you've got yourself a meal a little over 20 bucks a piece and you've only eaten 5 pieces of sushi.  I will not return for AYCES, but for a dinner? Sure thing.
1	I hate to be an asshole, but I hated this place. I came here yesterday with a group of friends for lunch. Our 15 minute wait turned into what felt like an hour, when impatient me finally went in to see what the deal was... To my surprise, there was an empty table for a party of 7 that was just sitting there. Are you kidding me? So I ask one of the servers if its cool that we snag it, to which he said Yes. Just cram in tight. NO big deal. So I go and grab my friends to alert them that the table was ready, and when I walk back in, some stupid little bitchy server is standing there glaring at me telling me she "needs a minute to move the table" while huffing and puffing and sighing and just generally being a little queen about having to move a freakin table. I'm sorry, isn't it your JOB to accommodate patrons? I thanked her as she stormed off, and say something shitty to her about being such an inconvenience. I never saw her again throughout the duration of my visit. Star removal #1.We all sit down, and continue waiting for our drink order to be placed. Finally, after about 10 minutes, this happens, but were without menus, so no one *really* knows what they want, Waitress huffs, rolls her eyes, and goes to grab menus. We look, she takes our order, but only for about 6 of the 8 people at the table. She somehow forgot about the tallest man at the table and the girl sitting across from him. Once she comes back, after 3 attempts, she gets the order wrong, serves me my sake without a cup or a glass for my beer. Seriously?Star removal #2.We finally order. Mind you, this was the longest lunch in the universe, because at this point we had already been there for an hour. Luckily our waitress got the order correct, except a few of us ended up waiting at least 45 minutes for our rolls to come out.. specifically the Avocado rolls.. did you run to California to grow and pick them yourself because.. wow. Star removal #3.They managed to Eff up the most important part, which was the SUSHI. My unagi was not fresh, the spicy tuna tasted like plastic, they only had smoked salmon, no raw. They waitress *highly* recommended the dessert roll, which was ice cream rolled in rice krispys.. I know that sounds awesome and all, but im here for sushi, not ice cream. Also, on the menus, it says they have the choice to put a grat on ANY size party.. this to me is absolutely absurd.Star Removal #4I'm sorry, but when you see a PARTY OF EIGHT slide in, you do everything in your power to make these people happy, because if you don't, you can expect that "We can grat anyone we want" to be the only grat you get. Nothing additonal.Get your shit together Moto, and maybe remind your waitstaff that their JOB is to make sure your patrons enjoy themselves, not make us feel like a burden. If it weren't for them, this review wouldn't have been so shitty.P.S. Start to finish, lunch took 2.5 hours. FAIL.
3	The people who regularly patronize Moto must not have jobs, or lives, or children, or pets, because if they did, they would constantly be late to everything they did, have a pissed off babysitter, and dead animals littering their house.I am extremely understanding and very forgiving, but when it takes over 45 minutes to bring me avocado rolls, when it really isn't busy, there is something way wrong. Like wayyyy wrong.I had the miso soup. Didn't like it. Once I finally got the avocado rolls, they were really good, but I was so annoyed that I could barely enjoy them. I also had to ask several times to get my tea refilled.The location is good, my sushi was good and reasonably priced, and the decor is pretty cool, so I am going to give them three stars, but the service was so terribly slow I feel like being served by a sloth would have been more efficient.
3	I must confess, I didn't try to the sushi here, but I plan on going back another time to try it out.  But what I did try, the Curry Soup and the Potstickers were quite good.I met a friend there for lunch, and it was quite busy, but we were able to snag a table without a wait.  There seemed to be some confusion as to who our waitress was, and we had like 3 different ones try to take our beverage order, but eventually they sorted it out.The Curry Soup was divine!  Red curry, coconut, a bit of heat combined with the sweet crab and rice made this the perfect soup in my book!  The potstickers were nice and crispy, and the food came out pretty quickly.  My friend got a basic sushi roll (California) and said it was good too.I do want to come back and try the sushi, especially the dessert sushi, which looked really yummy. The inside decor is modern, clean and comfortable, making for a nice dining atmosphere.I would have given them 4 stars but they don't have a lunch menu, and it is kinda on the pricey side when considering lunch.  Most sushi places offer lunch bento boxes, but not Moto, and I really think they should jump on that bandwagon!
5	The Asian Nacho's are unbelievably amazing! That's the only thing we had, but I would go back just to have them again. They use wanton's as chips and pile on the cheese and fixins. Genious!
4	The food & beverages at Moto are awesome.The service needs a little help, as they don't always check on you to see if you need another beer or a water refill. They might just need more staff.I award 4 stars because I know I will be back for the beer and food. Awesome selection of craft brews on tap, only $3/glass during happy hour (3pm - 6:15pm). Cheap appetizers during happy hour too. Win!Numerous veggie choices (that are actually GOOD). The wonton nachos minus meat were awesome.The tofu yakisoba was awesome.The veggie rolls were awesome.I wish this place was closer to my house.
4	Started coming here about a year ago for the saturday all you can eat days. For the price it can't be beat. I have been here at least 15 times now and the fish is almost always fresh and good, a few times i have had a bad piece but even the best places I have been get a bad one once in awhile. The selection isn't the largest on the all you can eat but the basics are all covered with tuna, yellowtail, unagi, las vegas rolls, spicy tuna, philly, boston, alaska and spicy yellowtail all being on the list. The dessert they have the mojos are of a kind and different all the tie but never a disappointment if you have room after all the sushi.They also have a full bar and often feature different specialty brews here as well. You can also add a sake bomber to your all you can eat for i think $4 so not a bad deal.The gripes here is that the service is not the best as the waitresses know that they add 20% tip to all of the all you can eat bills s they don't seem to try to hard. it can take awhile to get a drink refilled (unless its alcohol and an extra charge). The other thing is that it can take awhile for the sushi to get done. I have no problem with this most days as for the amount of food I and my friends orders it takes awhile to make but on occasion it can be excessive.Despite the fact that there are other all you can eats closer to me I willingly drive the 20-30min to come here on Saturdays. For $17 this is a great deal and a good place to eat.P.S. if you ride a motorcycle they have helmet/jacket hooks inside and allow parking on the side walk as the owner is a rider.
5	So - started working right down the road from MOTO, and a coworker said, there's a good lunch spot down the road, we should go.  So we did.I really, really like this place.  It's got a hip, yet laid back atmosphere, good rock music playing, and very genuine and friendly staff.  Food - I've had sushi here a few times, and it was "good".  About 7.5/10 on my sushi scale.  But let's talk about their build to order rice bowls.  You can mix and match a myriad of meats and vegetables and choose your temperature level.  I told my server a few visits ago that I really like hot, spicy food, and she recommended the "Exit Wound" bowl.  The name alone is super cool.  This selection immediately became my favorite lunch dish that I've had in ages.  Quite spicy, but not over the top....and amazing flavor sauteed into the breaded shrimp, chicken and fresh vegetables, all over white or brown rice.  (brown for me)Did I mention that the owner of this place is a beer snob?  There are always several outstanding craft brews on tap here - and they go SO well with some of the spicier dishes.  I would come to MOTO just for the beer selections, but the food is also good enough to get me back in there as well.I now visit Moto at least once a week for lunch, and they haven't let me down yet.  Love this joint - 5 stars - and get the Exit Wound bowl!!
5	We came here for the All you can eat sushi deal on Saturday. I was a little hesitant because other yelp reviews of the service have not been stellar. But our waitress was very pleasant and quick to refill glasses or see if we wanted to put in another sushi order.What a great deal for $17.95- you can choose from a variety of nigiri and sushi choices.We didn't get it but, for an extra $5 you can add a sake bomber. The sushi was really fresh and unlike several other AYCE sushi places its made when you order it so it hasn't been sitting out all day. My favorites were the tootsie roll (krab and cucumber with tempura crunchies on top) and the smoked salmon nigiri. Brandon, my fiance, really enjoyed the spicy tuna roll. It looked like they have a good Happy hour and a cute patio so I will definitely be back to try that out. Overall, I would recommend this place because the atmosphere is laid back, it's a great value for the price and the sushi is delicious and fresh.
4	I used to live right around the corner from this little treat, luckily it is close to work so we can still conveniently enjoy it! The ironic part of Moto for me, I absolutely LOVE sushi but I order other items on the menu here because they are so freakin' tasty. Two of my favorites include the Moto Chicken Salad (cabbage, chicken, peanuts, celery, green onion tossed in a light sesame vinagrette) and comes in 2 sizes - regular and large. The large is huge - fyi!The chicken teriyaki bowl is so "clean" - excellent pieces of all-white meat, no chewy surprises... with your choice of white or brown rice. I like the brown rice. The sauce is a sweeter version of teriyaki, but great consistency. Avoid the miso soup - just one salty mess. Randomly tried their dessert, called "Mojos" - and they really brought out the "fat kid" in me!!! These rolls consist of Nutella, brownie and ice-cream rolled out with a layer of rice krispie treat and then sliced. Gotta atleast try them once! Great little neighborhood joint. Spent many a night drinking wine on the adorable little patio area.
4	Recently discovered by the Canadians, Moto roughly translated means "don't eat sushi here, but everything else on the menu is great!"My first visit to Moto was several years ago when I had some sushi and sashimi items. My most vivid memory was ordering a Philadelphia roll and watching the sushi guy take an already made roll off the counter and cut it into pieces and serve it to me. I'm sorry, has that been there long? Flash forward to a month ago when my parents were at Matsuri and wanted a "Japanese" meal. I recommended Moto because it was the only place I thought would be open at 2PM on a Saturday. I was drawn to revisit it because they offer some interesting beer selections on draught. Well, they do, and it exposed me to a couple of interesting beers I'd not heard of. My folks wanted to order sushi, so I let them, and sure enough the rolls they ordered, as well as my sashimi selections were just not very good. Everyone at the table ordered entrees and we were all very happy. The build your own noodle bowls are great. I have been back a couple times since and really enjoy it every time. The service here has been great every visit with a staff of girls all in their twenties that are hip, but not in an asinine way that some of these other types of places can be. Try getting a twenty something girl to show you any respect at Stingray, RA, etc. Ain't gonna happen, friend. I'm also impressed that they offer a great happy hour, especially Sunday when it is all day long. Yep, Moto is a great place, as long as you don't order the sushi. The menu items are too good to pass up to order something that is sub-par or average.
3	There are so many sushi Happy Hour places around, but wanted give this one a try.  The HH menu sushi selections only has four rolls (Kalifornia, Philadelphia, Spicy tuna roll, and Tootsie roll).  I had ordered the Kalifornia and Tootsie roll.  You can really tell the experience of the Sushi Chef making the rolls.  The rolls are small, uneven, and about to fall apart.  We had also tried the Asian nacho, edamame, and gyoza. The Asian nacho was not bad.  I guess anything with cheese should blend well, most of time.  The best was the beer.  I think the name was Sweet Betty, can't remember.  I had to order two to enjoy with my sushi.  The service was alright, it could be better.
4	I have never eaten inside the place but I may go for the AYCE thing on a Saturday. I've ordered take out on a few occasions and really liked it. I am a very judgmental sushi eater! I love unagi and the flavor has to be just right! So the dragon rolls to have impressed me is a big deal. I also ordered the tuna tataki that just wasn't seasoned as well as other places but overall enjoyable. The chicken katsu is very tasty, panko breading makes anything good though, and comes with asian slaw that isn't overly tart  and the brown rice was cooked well. My son loves those desert rolls, the little fatty! I've ordered by phone and gone in to order and either way the staff has been friendly and helpful. I like this place and even though I have moved farther from this place than other sushi restaurants I will continue to go there until I am thoroughly disappointed.
2	The appetizers were yummy: Asian Nachos - LOVED IT! Gyoza - Good Wonton Soup - 2 wontons and salty soup base I did not tried the rolls but the girls ordered a Kalifornia and Tootsie For my entree, I got the sesame chicken with brown rice. I thought the sesame chicken was going to be salt, but it was the sweet sauce coating the fried chicken pieces. It was ok but a little tad sweeter than I like. Everyone had a fun time. I knocked them down to four stars because the service was terrible. We had to flag or get our waitress every time. She never refilled drinks or come back to check on the table. We had to get her attention and sometimes she is no where to be found.
5	I love this place and go there like a regular. It is not a typical sushi bar. My gf hates sushi and one side of their menu is dedicated to the "non sushi" person. It is a very stylish upscale but not pricey place. All the waitresses are super cool and quite sexy too. I see lots of families there and the regulars really are regular..whether at the bar or table they have a great selection of imported beer. maybe I think of it as a neighborhood sushi place.
4	Moto is yummy! I don't eat sea food so the only Sushi I eat is Cucumber Rolls or Vegetarian Rolls. There are plenty of variety of dishes to choose from that include build your own to include Sea Food, Chicken, Beef, and Vegetarian. You can also choose your temapture. The side dishes which some are included in the Happy Hour are very tasty.I have been eating there of and on since the resturant moved in the neighboorhood. I can't say they always have the best customer service however recently I sat at the bar and the bartendar was the best. She really impressed me. I don't drink but they have a large varitey of beers and wines. Many I have never seen or heard of to choose from. The bartendar told me the owner loves to switch the beer regulary to give different options. If you are looking for a trendy place with a great variety of food this is the place to eat.  There is a full service bar with a creative Sushi Chef to watch. It is a small resturant with a big menu.
2	Food was good, service was lousy. Started out with Edemame and Gyoza. Both were good. Had a mix of nigiri (yellowtail, tuna, salmon, and eel) plus some rolls. All were good.Alas, food is only half the battle. The service was bad. The table next to us was left dirty for our entire meal. We started adding plates to the mess because our used plates were never picked up. Also, took about 20 minutes to get the check. Not sure I would return.
2	I've been to Moto several times as it's right down the street from me, and it's my go-to when I want average sushi and a Happy Hour drink. The servers are friendly and the menu is really varied; I always question establishments that serve such a stark variation in cuisine, but this place manages to competently serve everything from sushi to stir frys to burgers and sweet potato fries. I use the term "competently" because it's by no means great food. The sushi is average, at best, but I come back because they have a good happy hour and the ambiance is way better than at your average Japanese restaurant. This place is obviously not authentic Japanese food as you quickly learn from taking a glance at their amusing menu, but I don't mind a little lack of authenticity for the sake of a more comfortable and fun environment. My one significant gripe is that they market themselves as a sushi restaurant but the menu appears to be lacking in the most basic rolls; I usually try to order off-menu standards when I'm there like a simple tuna or yellowtail roll and they're usually accommodating. I asked for a regular salmon roll once though, and was told that they only have the smoked salmon that comes in the Philly Roll. A sushi restaurant that doesn't carry raw salmon?! You've got to be kidding me, I hope that my server was just uninformed because that's pretty inexcusable otherwise. I wouldn't suggest coming here for sushi except during Happy Hour, because their sushi isn't very good and so it's overpriced if you go during regular times.
3	Stopped by for a quick lunch today... it has been a couple of years since my last visit, but everything seemed pretty much the same.  We had the fish tacos (panko-breaded salmon) and a shrimp tempura roll.  The tacos were pretty yummy, although I thought the "guac" was rather interesting - they must use green peas to make the (expensive) avocado go further.  It wasn't bad... just different.  We added the sweet potato fries for just an extra buck... good call! They were deliciously crispy, sweet, and salty. Mmm.  The tempura roll was a little underwhelming.  First off, it was approximately 2 inches in diameter.  Now, I'm not exactly a sushi connoisseur, but I couldn't fit an entire piece in my mouth... and it is WAY to hard to eat half a piece, you know?  They used carrot in the roll... which wouldn't have been a problem, except for it was large chunks of carrot (the size of half a baby carrot).  It was really distracting from the texture I expect in a tempura roll... they should just call it a Carrot Roll, since that is all you notice with that big ol' crunch! All-in-all, it was a pleasant lunch with pleasant service.  A few tweaks to the food would help bump it up in my book.
3	I really don't like this place for sushi. The fish definitely comes from frozen and there's a lot of imitation crab meat being used. On the other hand, the rice and noodle bowls are excellent. I'll definitely keep coming here but no more sushi. Oh yeah, drinks are always good and there is a quality beer selection.
3	The food here was good.  I got the Vegas roll, which was delicious except the pieces were HUGE.  I had to eat each piece in two bites, with my hands, so I wasn't too happy about that. I prefer to eat sushi with chopsticks to avoid the mess.At first I attempted to order the sushi combo.  I wanted to substitute the spicy tuna roll for something else (even another 1/2 Kalifornia roll that already comes with it), but they wouldn't let me.  That was a big let down.  Other than that, my fiance ordered the pad thai, which he liked, but it wasn't the best ever.The best thing about Moto was the sushi ice cream, called mojos.  They are delicious!  A small order came with 6 pieces, I think, and that was too much for us.  It was a good deal for the money. I would highly suggest ordering it if you have room in your tummy (which is why I only ordered the Vegas roll).The patrons seemed to be mostly in their 20s and 30s.  I think that's a good sign.  I'm giving Moto three stars because of their lack of substitution options and their high prices for sushi.  Their rice bowls seem like a good deal, though.
5	You gotta try this place for sushi and ask for the underground menu!!  and save room for dessert, try their ice cream rolls!  My little picky sister who doesn't eat fish loves this place and she will actually eat sushi here.  Try the "volcano roll" its very tasty.  Their salads, rice and noodle bowls are awesome too.
4	I was very surprised with the prices. This place is good and the sushi is cheap. The waitress we had gave us what she called the underground sushi menu. These are creative and all sounded good but we had the April roll. Tempura shrimp. real crab, cream cheese, jalapeno, the whole roll was tempura and topped with spicy tuna. OMG freakin awesome, see pic. I liked this roll so much I went back a few days later and got it again. We also had sesame shrimp with noodles and it was delicious. Great food, and great prices. Good atmosphere and friendly staff.
3	Ohhhh Suburbia.  Only you would have a sushi place with the chairs up on the tables at 9:40 on a Saturday Night.   I stopped by to check this place out after some christmas shopping errands, around 9:30 this Saturday.  Being a fan of sushi and craft beer, this was on my list to check out. The waitress came by and handed me a list of beers on a folded piece of paper from her pocket.  I was really stoked with the selection.  I ordered a Dogfish Head 90min IPA.  The lovely waitress returned only to crush my hopes by saying that was an old list and that they didnt have any Dogfish Head on tap.  (Insert trombone failure sound effect here.  :::Waaahhh Wahhhhhh:::: ) Then she gave me a newer folded piece of paper with a slightly less appealing selection.  However, i found a tasty IPA and pulled the trigger.  I perused the menu... everything has "Krab" which must mean its artificial crab.  Most rolls also have something tempura.  This is classic tell-tale sign that they keep minimal fresh fish on hand.  Given that it is 9:30p on a saturday night and there is only one other table there, it's probably a good thing. This place doesn't get much traffic, so a lot of fish wouldn't sell fast enough.  I asked the waitress if these "inside out rolls" were their specialty rolls.  She said, nope, i have another secret list for that.  She slips me the folded paper list.  I'm starting to feel like i'm on a treasure hunt!  So exciting.  What other fun lists might she have up her sleeve?!  I ordered a Senorita roll because it is one of the only ones with fresh tuna on top of the roll.  The roll was large.  It wasn't cut with precision, some pieces were much larger than others, some smaller. (The place was empty, so it wasn't that the sushi chef was busy and rushed, he was just lazy.)  The Krab filling was Meh.  The tuna on top was tasty, but was certainly frozen, so it wasn't super.  Overall, the mediocrity of the roll was hidden by a lot of sweet eel sauce and some tempura crunchies.  As far as sushi places go, i'd give it a C.However, thanks to their good beer list and given that most suburban peeps wouldnt notice the difference between fresh never-frozen and frozen fish... As far as suburban restaurants go, id give it a B.If you really like sushi, go somewhere else.  If you just want a good beer in the neighborhood and a passable roll to fill you up, then this place is perfect.  (I'll probably be back for that exact reason.)If you've recently been on a date to Olive Garden or Red Lobster.  You will think this place is amazing.  Then again, you'll probably order a bud light too.
3	I had a hankering for raw fish today and decided to give Moto a try.  Overall I was pleased.The menu had a wide variety of tempting Asian treats but I was here for fish, so I ordered the sashimi combo with a bowl of Miso.The soup was a bit odd.  It seemed to be normal Miso soup with some shredded cabbage tossed in.  The cabbage added a texture that I didn't really want but it was easy to eat around it.The presentation of the sashimi was interesting.  I had a pinwheel of fishy goodness with yellowtail, smoked salmon and tuna.  The fish tasted quite fresh and the portions were generous.When I need a sushi fix for lunch I'll be returning to Moto.
2	I gave Moto a few tries because it was the closest sushi place to where I was living (would get it for take out).  Each time I was mildly disappointed....sushi is medicore, nothing really stood out to me.  Their salmon sashimi is smoked, wierd in my opinion being a sashimi lover.  Wish I could them better, but not impressed.
3	One of my girlfriends comes here a lot on Sunday's with her husband. So  when she and I decided to grab dinner I suggested her usual sushi joint. It was my first time and was pretty busy for a Saturday night. Service was quick and efficient and I like their variety of beers they had on tap. I got the Vegas roll, it was good but didn't have a lot of fish in it. More rice than anything. I will be back though, it's close and I like to support local business' in Phoenix. Next time I'll try more of a variety of what they offer.
5	I work very close to Moto and take advantage of this place as much as possible.  The food is great, well priced and the beer selection is perfect.  I generally get one of their bowls, a sushi spread or the always awesome Moto Chicken Salad.  The atmosphere is great at the bar with friendly staff, multiple TV's to give you something to watch during lunch, and a well done happy hour menu.  If you want to sit down they offer tables for all size parties and booths to sink into.  What I like about Moto is that is a stand alone restaurant with a great menu, great staff, well thought out bar, simple yet keen beer selection in a friendly casual dining environment.  I never feel over or under dressed and I don't feel like they are tying too hard to stand out.  They let their menu, staff and great environment do that for them and it makes a great atmosphere.  I have never left Moto feeling let down or charged too much.  Everything is well balanced and I really appreciate that.I definitely recommend Moto for anyone looking for a great casual sushi place that offers really great sushi, drinks and other menu items at a reasonable price.  A++
5	This is the best local sushi spot in Phoenix. My wife and I come here at least once a week. The service is fantastic, the food is incredible. I have tried many of the other pricier sushi places around Phoenix and they just don't have the same feel as Moto. The flavors in their dishes are some that I have never had before in sushi and they always have a great selection of craft beers. This is definately a great local hangout.
2	This place caught my eye because of it's fun, trendy atmosphere vibe and the sassy menu (check it out online - you'll see what I mean) made me think this place was worth trying. What better time to try it then on a fun date night with the fiance?Well, it's definitely got the fun, trendy atmosphere and yep, the menu is still amusingly sassy and clever. As for the food, well...the sushi is....decent. I believe another earlier yelper described it perfectly as "passable." Don't get me wrong, it wasn't bad in any way it just wasn't as good as other sushi I've had. My fiance and I ordered three rolls between the two of us and we felt that it was mostly rice, not enough fish and not enough flavor. The spicy tuna was just not spicy enough for me - not enough sriracha in my opinion - but that's just me. Overall, our stomachs left Moto Sushi satisfied from hunger but not overly excited about anything else. Plus, I have to share that I had my most strange sushi restaurant experience while at Moto when the couple on a date at the table next to ours loudly proclaimed that they hate seafood and proceeded to order buffalo chicken wings - which they then ate with chopsticks - just baffled me.It must be the combination of the sushi and the customers but I just didn't feel like I was in the right place for a great Japanese dinner. It almost felt like it was a restaurant that just happened to serve sushi but everything else about the place doesn't match. It just felt....off. It may be worth going back just to see what else is on their clever, sassy menu but only if we happen to be in the area.
4	Yes, this is worth making a trip for.The happy hour menu is inexpensive and innovative (try out the Asian nachos), the sushi has been fresh on every visit, and some of the combos on the top-secret underground menu (ok maybe not so secret any more) compare to some of the best sushi I've had on the coast.The atmosphere is kinda hip and urban. Service is always good. I notice the owner frequently on-site and working, which is a good thing.After happy hour some of the mixed drinks can get sorta pricey, but not unreasonable.So yes, check it out.
4	I woke up wanting both Mexican and sushi, so what's a girl to do but go to Moto! I remembered their Asian nachos and before stepping foot out of bed visions of them were dancing in my head! I was kind of worried bc I know saturdays they have the all u can eat sushi thing and I've heard it gets packed and service is slow, but the nachos on my brain were too hard to ignore so we pressed on! It was near-full, but we were seated and had a small chicken nachos in no time! So flippin good I can't even tell you! The sauce is like half BBQ half hot sauce, and it's fantastic! We got an extra side of that and of sriracha (bc sauce, to me, is a must-have). We decided to go with the a.y.c.e. deal, and I ordered 4 rolls and 2 kinds of nigiri. Our server then turned to my companion and asked what he would like?!?!?!? Huh? I'm not a competitive eater! I had ordered for both of us. She got all bristly, and I told her we knew that each person pays 18.95 for ayce, and we were cool with that, but just ordering together. It was a big deal that needn't be, but whatev's.  I'm not a fan of smoked salmon, but the Vegas roll was still good. Fry anything and it works. The tootsie was our favorite and the spicy yellowtail our least. We couldn't finish our order and didn't order anything else. Our server said she felt bad for charging us both the ayce price when we only ordered one plate, but she had no problem doing it. They must have a lot of losers coming in trying to feed the whole fam at one price I guess. Not so cool for us normal people. I will be back for those damn nachos, but probably won't ever do the ayce again. If you can pack it away-go for it, if not-just stick with what you like and avoid the drama.
5	I really enjoy Moto's Happy Hour. What makes it great is you can get non-sushi items at Happy Hour in addition to sushi. This is a good compromise when you are going with someone who isn't wild about sushi. They do only offer 4 rolls during the Happy (Kalifornia, Tootsie, Philadelphia and Spicy Tuna) but all four are fresh and delicious. We also tried the asian nachos which we both thought were amazing! They are made with friend wontons some kind of spicy cheese, chicken and avocado. (I'm sure there was more on it but we ate it so fast there wasn't time for much research.) You can't beat the Happy hour prices!  For 2 people we had a total of 3 beers, 3 orders of sushi and a small asian nacho and it came to $24. One big improvement over last time was the service was much faster. This place is good for dinner and the AYCE Sushi on Saturdays, but for a first timer I would really recommend the Happy Hour over anything else.
4	Yummy! Arigato!
2	I say use this place for cocktails.We agreed, sitting at the corner of the bar that:1. it was difficult to hear each other2. the amount of krab mix on the menu was unfortunate3. there was a noticeable lack of patio4. we've had better serviceThere is an underground menu, but we only learned about that by overhearing the wait staff talking to other customers. They neglected the second half of our order, and finally we cancelled it and left. Overall, I agree that this place seems like a great concept but falls down a little in its execution.
4	I love this place! That's all!Thank you for making no rice sushi rolls for me while I was on my diet!
4	strictly going for the sushi is a no-no, however they have much more to offer.  they have about the best happy hour you can can find in town, cheap rolls, aps and beers.  i also am a fan of the dumplings and seaweed soup.None of that holds a saki bomb to the dessert.  Now don't get me wrong i don't really like desert often, but when someone comes up with an idea of a "sushi roll" dessert that contains, nuget, ice cream, rice crispy treats, chocolate sauce i am interested.  when they serve it in a bowl cut like sushi and looking like sushi i am SOLD!do yourself a favor go to happy hour and get the dessert role.
3	This place is decent. The prices are alright and the menu has a lot more than just sushi. The service has kind of depended on the time of day I have gone. The lunch service has always been pretty good, the dinner service was pretty slow. We waited 30-40 mins for our sushi order. They were pretty busy, but not THAT busy. It is a pretty small place so it can definitely be a little crowded, but it's a cute little place with good sushi.
3	i was looking forward to trying moto for quite some time. but upon arrival for an 8pm dinner we sat down to be very rushed. the sever was very rude. but once receiving 4 different sushi rolls i had to tune out the annoying staff rushing people out the door because it was delicious! i would have loved to stay and try more but the waitress said the kitchen was closed and reminded us once more they close at 9pm. awesome food and prices... not so friendly service and hours.
4	I will begin by saying that I've been wanting to try this place for months now, simply because they have a salad that bears my name. Which reminds me of my high school days, when the internet was new and I spent an afternoon with a friend visiting websites that also had our name. Most ended up being adult sites, but tonia.com* was an Asian company that had my name written in a fantastic logo. I wonder what it means. Anywho, not only does the salad live up to its given name, but Moto is now on my backup sushi rotation. Reasonably priced and of good quality, I was extremely full by the time I ate only half of my dinner. The Tonia salad I actually had for lunch a day later, and was very filling and delicious. I can only imagine what it would've been like eating it the same night. Had it not been as great, I would've never came back and written to the owners, demanding the salad change to a lesser awesome name, maybe one more common or boring.My to go order was ready exactly when they said it would and I was in and out the door in minutes. I'll be back.*I have no idea if this is still the same site anymore. I am not responsible for where the link leads.. now.. or in the future
5	mmmmm.....moto!  Love this place.  Happy hour specials are awesome, beer selection is great and being harassed by the owner makes every visit complete.  Vince, keep up the good work!  You run one of my all time favorites!
2	Arggggh! This place had so much potential: great beer list, solid design and decor, and not too far from our house.Unfortunately, they don't have great sushi. They don't even have good enough sushi to bring me back despite the beer list. The search for decent, reasonably priced sushi continues...
5	If ever a great neighborhood bar existed, this is the place.  The dedication to an atmosphere that stays hip, knows its customers, and evolves to capture your heart and palette remains the core of this perennial hit year after year.  From the great happyhour, to the ribs on sundays, to the new addition of vietnamese cusine there is nothing on the menu that isn't ready to bring a smile to your face.  Every time my friends can't decide where to go, I respond, Moto!  Everyone finds a dish or sushi roll that fits their mood and a brew that compliments the moment.That alone gets them 4 stars, the 5th star is reserved for having one of the best desserts in town, the Mojo....ice cream sushi.....
5	The food is fresh - the lunch bowls are so customizable that nobody can really have an excuse to leave hungry or unhappy.  The service is prompt and unfussy, this place knows its business and its customers and does a great job of lunch. The parking lot is gruesome, but that can't be helped on this corner.If I didn't have a 35 mile commute, this would be a happy hour goto for sure.
2	I'm only giving this 2 stars because of the horrible service I had on Saturday.  My bf and I decided to have a date day filled with sushi and a movie.  We arrived at Moto and were seated promptly at a table by the bar.  The restaurant wasn't packed at all and we seemed to arrive at just the right time.  Our server, Lilia didn't great us for nearly 5 minutes then she took almost 10 minutes to bring us our iced teas.  She took our order of the all you can eat sushi and it wasn't too long before our sushi came out.  She never once came back in the middle of our meal to see how the sushi was and showed up as I was consuming my last piece of sushi.  Normally, the servers will come back a few minutes after dropping off the first round of sushi and from there they will take your next order to make sure you get prompt service.  Just as I was eating my last piece of sushi she showed up and took our second order.  Our ice teas were low and she never offered to refill them.  We were watching the time and noticed our movie was starting within 40 minutes so we were a little concerned.  After sitting there for 20 minutes after putting in our second order, we asked the bartender if we had an order waiting for us.  He informed us she put it in but it wasn't up yet.  Lilia was literally wondering around aimlessly and didn't look that busy so we were a little upset that she was giving us horrible service.  She finally decided to come over and give us an ETA of when our last order would be up and we asked for our bill so we could pay and leave after we ate.  We let her know we still wanted our last order but we were just trying to make a movie.  She grabbed us our bill then came back and took our plates and cleaned off the table.  We were absolutely confused and asked the bartender about our order.  He told us that she cancelled our last sushi order and we informed the bartender that we didn't tell her to do that.  At this point we were fuming mad and just ready to leave because I knew if I had spoken to the manager I would've blown up.  On top of that we missed our movie and just decided to go home.  We spent $49.70 on sushi and that included a 20% gratuity tip that they automatically put on for the all you can eat sushi.  She honestly wasn't worth the $8.28 tip that I was forced to pay.  I seriously feel like I've been ripped off and the server received a 20% tip for pretty much doing nothing.  I come here all the time and I've never had bad service like this before.  The girls are normally attentive and want to turn their tables so they make more money, which makes sense.  This was the second time Lilia was our server and both times we had horrible service.  The first time we let slide because it was a Friday night and they were doing their local brews so they were slammed.  I just thought she was overwhelmed the first time and I didn't let it bother me.  But to have poor service from the same girl twice in a row is unacceptable.  Overall, the food was excellent, the bartender was more attentive to us than our server, I just wish I could've enjoyed more.
4	Lunch sushi combo was just about as good as any other sushi I have had in Phoenix.  The Yellowtail tasted fresh, and the spicy tuna roll was better than most places in town.  Our young, attractive waitress with a baby belly was great.  She recommended the Moto Wings in "Mustard Gas" sauce.  It was very good and not too spicy.We looked at the beer list, and we were pleasantly surprised at the quality of brews.  Happy hours looks enticing with $3 16 oz barley pops.This place does feel a little like RA.  However, there is no RA bad food or RA "I'm too attractive to really work" waitstaff as far as I can tell.I will be back for HH and to try other food on the big menu.$25 for two at lunch.
3	Pretty good, seemed fresh. Nice staff.
2	I've been in and out of this place for the last 2-3 years since I work so close to it and little has changed. Well,  everything except for the staff who may as well change every other week explaining a lot about the service or lack thereof.Moto is run by both pretentious and puerile people who make the tragic mistake of thinking that they are either clever or fun. They are neither. Their menu is only half as ridiculous as their thinly veiled tantrums between employees about customers and co-workers. Well, depending on which menu you get, because a lot of their best puerile antics are in the phenomenally stupid act of hiding their food from their customers. No joke, any one menu you see is incomplete because you have to get their "secret" menus to see what they really have. Often these same menus are woefully inaccurate anyway making any one menu pretty useless overall. You may as well cross your fingers when you order. My eyes rolled so hard they nearly popped out of my head when the staff explained this fun gimmick to me.They burn through waiting staff like the place has a revolving door, so an all-too frequent sight is a woman sobbing her eyes out just outside the building because she got fired. Sometimes, if you're lucky, the boss will be out hollering at them making it even more attractive. Yeah, I want to eat THERE; where the women cry.For the record, these guys bought a closed Japanese fast food restaurant (Formerly a Shogun Express), peeled off all the surfaces and then painted bricks red as they broke the lights making it incredibly dim to give it that east coast "this place is condemned, but eat here anyway" sort of look and feel. You know what they say about eating in a low-lit environment, right? The prices are roughly on par with the vastly superior RA Sushi restaurant, but because they're both pretentious and puerile they will arbitrarily decide to tack on gratuity at a whim as well as various "taxes" to punish customers. I'm not kidding. I observed a guy who got hit with a "Geek Tax" for bringing in his child holding a McDonald's cup, he was less than happy for the remarkle expense for a bowl of Chicken. I asked about it later and they explained that they fine people for various reasons and sneak it onto their bills.It's not a great place to spend time, but since you'll be waiting FOREVER for food or drink refills anyway, you'll also come to embrace the ugly, uncomfortable furniture, which is meant to compel you to leave. So it's ironic that everything takes so long.The food is schizophrenic in its spastic variety and its minuscule sushi portions and variety (and stupid list of in-restaurant rules) are pathetic. The management is barking mad, the servers can't juggle tables and the prices are as reliable as the unreliable menus.If you MUST try this place, try to do the take-out service if possible. It's the only way not to be disappointed. Eat in at your own risk. I don't drink so I can't speak for their alcohol, but I hear their beer selection isn't bad.
4	This is another one of those places that I really enjoy going and hanging out with friends on a Saturday afternoon. I am not going to tell anyone this is the best sushi I have ever had, but it is good and you can't beat the Saturday special or the happy hours. What makes this place is the relaxed welcoming atmosphere and the service. The people who work here have worked here for a long time and I have gotten to know a few over the years.  What does that tell me?  It tells me that they actually like where they work. I even told the staff that I moved into the neighborhood to be closer to Moto. I was only half joking.  So if sushi is not your thing, or you have an appetite for a non-sushi Asian inspired dish, try the bowls... My personal favorite, the exit wound.
4	All you can eat limited sushi on Saturday for around $20. Sold. I crashed Dottsy Z's  party with two other lovely ladies (Hi Amber and Debi) this past Saturday after literally stepping off of a plane and seeing her post that she was here. The funny thing was that I wasn't really hungry, until I saw all the yummy food in front of me. Eel rolls, Las Vegas rolls, Toosie Maki Rolls, Spicy Tuna Rolls, good lawd I was in heaven. I ate so much that I arrived looking "skinny" and I left looking as if I was expecting a baby sometime in the very near future lol. Sad case yes. Our waitress was extremely nice but a little overworked since it appeared as if she was working the entire restaurant solo. So if you are hankering for some sushi, go on a Saturday over to Moto Sushi. But be warned, you must eat everything that you order if you order off the all you can eat, or you will be charged 50 cents per piece that you leave on your plate. So don't overdo it. (We left nada! lol)
4	This is the second time I have been here and I didn't write a review the first time because i wasn't that impressed. We wanted to give this place another try because our friends loved it. I had the Stoner Bowl and was pleasantly surprised. It was absolutely delicious. So a sushi place selling a buffalo chicken, lettuce, ranch and rice bowl. Yeah, it seemed like something you would eat after a late night of drinking. Very impressed. Huge portion of chicken, just a touch of ranch and white rice that goes perfect. I will be back again. Just shows you that you should always give a place a second chance.
4	This is a local hotspot.  I've been going here for years and the employees say hello to you when you walk in.  Happy hour sushi M-F 3-6:15, all you can eat sushi on Saturday from 11-2:30, happy again on Sundays until 6pm I believe.  Different micro brews all of the time-always fun to taste :)  Check it out for yourself!
5	I'm afraid I'm going to have to call rank on the issue of sushi. As a person who has lived in Hokkaido, Japan for a number of years (an island regarded by many as having the best Japanese food) this place is awesome on many levels! It has GREAT sushi!Personally, I like to order from the underground menu, just ask for it...it has some really great rolls listed. The hardest part is going to be choosing just a few...you're gonna want all of them. Most recently I enjoyed the Sasquatch Roll.
4	Excellent service and food.  It was my first time eating Shashimi.  They served the tuna in the shape of a rose.  The friend I was with is an experienced sushi eater.  He thought it was very good.  Happy hour prices were good.  Half price rolls.
4	i have not been here in a while but when i did go the food was rather good not too expensive at all i would return to this location
4	I just moved to the neighborhood, and I LOVE this place. In fact, I should probably give it 5 stars, but I haven't had the sushi there yet. I always get a rice bowl, and the crispy tofu is delicious! I've also had the salmon, and I thought the flavor was great, but the portion was a little small. My favorite thing on the menu is the red curry crab bisque soup, which is out of this world! (I just wish they had a smaller portion that wasn't $5 because I feel like I end up buying 2 dinners). We tried the rice krispies rolled in ice cream for dessert, and I didn't think that was all that great - it sounds better on the menu than it actually is. You won't be disappointed here.
3	Came here after a friend recommended it, and she told me to try the Asian Nachoes---and yes they were amazingly good!!  Vegas Roll, Spicy Tuna, and Dragon roll were all so very yummy!  Washed it all down with two glasses of Sapporo:)  The only thing i have to complain about is our server--she wasn't very nice and forgot our napkins when we asked for them a second time...but other than that good experience.  The location is easy to find--still in central phx.  Go during happy hour 4-6:15, half of selected sushi rolls and two bucks of beer.  Good appetizers as well.  Saturdays they have all you can eat sushi for 18 bucks from 11-2:30...not sure if i will do that, but never know.
3	I am not much of a sushi fan usually but I thought this place was pretty good. I was really happy that they had more than the typical sapporo, asahi, kirin beers that you find at every sushi place but had a small number of american microbrew beers also.  They have a Saturday lunchtime all you can eat deal for $19 that can't be beat. The only reason I am not giving it 4 or 5 stars is the service wasn't very attentive and the regular prices are a little high.
4	I had some pretty good sushi at this place last week.  I didnt even know it was there!  The inside and atmosphere is pretty laid back and chill.  The sushi is good, we had 4 rolls and they were all good size and all tasted great!  Our waitress was very friendly and made sure we were always hydrated!  I am for sure gonna come back here!
1	We live by MOTO so we are kinda stuck when it comes to sushi establishments. The sushi blows. You can tell it isn't fresh fish and never taste super. The Mojo & beers are the only good things. I don't really trust a sushi place that hides the sushi makers in the kitchen...stuff probably looks like week old shit which it is.
3	The lemon grass pork is 2 stars on a generous day. Disappointing, since they tout their Vietnamese selections as being specialties. The pork was tough and the noodles were more like lo mein than the vermicelli type rice noodles I was expecting. Portions are certainly generous enough... I like that you can make your own rice bowl. That's the direction I recommend if you come here.
4	This place is awesome. Everything is so professional yet quirky and I love it. I could spend like 30 minutes reading the menu because of all the little hidden jokes on it... including their continuously updated plea never to touch their blinds (which, you totally should when they aren't looking, because they are made of cool beads!). The sushi is all fresh and tasty and very cheap during happy hour (10% off everything, 50% off some rolls). I am not saying you should mention the word underground to your server but I am not saying you shouldn't either, and if you do you may be rewarded with very delicious menu options...
4	Happy hour is designed to make one happy. The fact they had one sat evening with things I like on it made me happy for a new hours.There are a few 1/2 priced sushi rolls like a Spicy tuna and Phily roll. 1/2 some apps and beer $3 specials. The rolls are regularly 7.50 ish so 3.50 on happy hour, as for quality it was decent however with a spicy tuna or Phily roll it is hard to really mess them up. The added avacado to them was nice.We also had a veggie spring roll $3.50 Then 1/2 off for happy hour.  A soft rice noodle skin around fresh veggies sushi rice and peanut sauce. It was great like Vietnam meets Thailand.They were nice enough to turn down the loud music for us make it a pleasant place to be, the curtains are cool and the beer selection included some micro brews. Not bad at all.
3	Very pleasantly surprised by Moto Sushi, this being said from some one that has ate an enormous amount of Great sushi in the Northwest ( Seattle, Vancouver, and San Fran). I was very skeptical at first, because it's dicey in Phoenix when it comes to getting good fresh Sushi. Ordered the eda mame and spring rolls for appetizers, both were great!! The plum sauce for the spring rolls was delicious. Ordered alaska roll and rainbow roll, and I was not disappointed at all. The place itself was very busy when we arrived, however the service was timely and on point. I would recommend this place to anyone that comes to Phoenix for sushi. Prices are not bad either, and by the looks of the Happy Hour menu very good prices to get your sushi on. I'd give this place 3.5 stars if I could.
5	Have been here a couple times now and cannot stop raving about it!! I was lucky enough to have had a girlfriend that worked there a while back tell me about the "hidden menu" that no one really knows about. I ordered the "Senorita" off that menu and have been going back for it ever since.Of course their happy hour is RIDICULOUS, so cheap and really good!! I feel sorry for the waitresses because of all the horrible customers they must get that don't know how to tip at happy hour (in case you don't know its always tip what the meal would have been before the discount). But if they have bad customers I wouldn't know, I always get the best service!!Awesome, yummy, and healthy! Now go have some Sushi;)
5	I can't believe we waited so long to make it in here. We live super close and were going to check it out a long time ago but after reading so-so reviews we waited a year and half  to go.  We finally tried it about a month ago and have been back three times since!  I'm not sure why it doesn't get better reviews because after 3 times in restaurant dining and 1 take out I can't find anything to complain about. The service is always good. I've tried all four veggie sushi rolls and they were all tasty, but do take some time to come out. I am also obsessed with the red curry tofu and brown rice bowl. I add extra veggies and it's so delicious!  And you can't beat the price - $6.75 for a huge bowl?  You can't go wrong there. I've been too obsessed lately with that bowl to venture out to the other menu items but my boyfriend has had the chili bowl and he liked that too. The atmosphere is cool.  Brick walls, nice bar area. Not like a lot of other places I've been to in Phx.  I haven't been for happy hour but they have great deals and it's every day!  Look pass the so-so reviews and give this place a chance.
5	I love Moto.  I have eaten here at least 50 times.  I always get the Exit Wound Bowl.  It is easily my favorite dish at all the Phx establishments I have eaten.  I highly recommend Moto.
5	What can I say? It's sushi and I love it. The Senorita roll is one of my favorites! Place isn't big and gets packed pretty quickly. You can't go wrong with any of their sushi selections there.
4	Love Moto's salads, and their sushi is good as well.Also can't count the number of time I have called in for a chicken teriyaki to go, and had a great on the go dinner.
4	We got take out from here during a spring break trip. Noodles, sushi, edamame, popcorn shrimp. All delicious. I ate the leftover noodles, cold, for breakfast, the next morning.
1	Just left this place after ordering sushi and waiting 1hr20min and left hungry. Food never came with Slow Hand Jack at the sushi bar...tho orders put in after ours were filled. We were given a table meant for 2 and squeezed our threesome in. And to top it off, we were still charged full price for our drinks and soup. LAME! Hana's on 7th Ave is the place to be! Take heed!!!
4	I loveee happy hour at this place. Good beers and the happy hour sushi/appetizers menu is awesome! Brought someone here who did not like sushi, but had some of the Asian chicken nachos and loved them (they are pretty freakin' fabulous). I haven't had anything here that wasn't awesome.
5	Very yummy, my favorite roll is the Las vegas, and here they make a good one and it's 1/2 off during happy hour. I keep meaning to come for the all you can eat sushi! Try the Ice Cream sushi roll, this is one of the only places I know that does it and it is delicious!
4	Good sushi and nice sized plates for the price. Haven't tried drinks yet but its on the to-do list. Figure out the hidden menu before you go, if thats your kind of thing. I always feel weird ordering off of it, but it makes them smile.Go for happy hour and save some happy money for that pocket of yours!And if you're anything like me.. you will walk through the door and think "HELLO MOTO!"
3	Not too many sushi choices in the area. Visited a month ago. Place was kinda busy, but our rolls came out pretty quick. Everything was fresh and overall service was good. I would give it another chance.
1	Mediocre sushi and HORRIBLE service! Our server took about ten minutes to get us water. We had to ask for a drink menu four times, and still never received it. Maybe our waitress felt awkward since she kept forgetting? The entire time we were there it felt like we were bothering her. I could understand if they were busy why the wait was so long, only thing is.....there were six tables in the whole restaurant! They had three servers working, as well as another women who maybe was a manager? Oh, and two people cleaning tables. I work in the food service industry and know what good service is, and this was far from it. When we finally got our sushi it wasn't anything special. I wish Moto was a thousand times better, since it is so close to home, but I guess now I know why I never really went back after the last time. I just can't believe even after asking four times we never got a drink menu. I'd think our waitress would want to make money and keep us happy. Maybe they treat customers with children like they don't matter. When we asked for a highchair the guy said he didn't know if they had any, and he wasn't a hostess!! I don't know how this place stays in business.
2	Decent sushi, I prefer to sit up at the bar counter.  I went there for lunch the other day by myself and it was fast service but there were tons of "regular" types in there drinking and chatting up the staff.  It made me wonder why they were just hanging out on a week day in the middle of the afternoon...but they are lucky I guess. Oh the food: I started with miso soup and edamame (both hard to mess up), they were good. I ordered a tempura shrimp roll...it was okay, the end pieces had the parts you don't eat so there were only like four pieces.  Overall it was okay and one of the only sushi places by my office (now that I work nearby) so I'll probably be back.  I'm open to recommendations...but I've definitely been to plentyyyy of better sushi spots.  Ohhh and the parking lot is a nightmare -- whether you're trying to run into Subway or Moto this shopping center is sheer chaos during lunch especially.
3	Moto does everything good, but it never rises to great. They have an eclectic menu and there's tons for non-sushi eaters, too. Good value for dollar spent and usually walk away full and happy.
5	The service is always great.  Everyone is friendly.  The food is amazing.  I love the spicy tuna roll and california roll.  My husband had the chow mein with beef, which I tasted and I started eating that too.  I couldn't get enough of any of it.  They have indoor and outdoor seating and they offer take-out.  I know a lot of people speak highly of the sushi restaurants in Old Town, but if you just don't want to go all that way, definitely go to Moto.  You'll love it.And for those Spicy food lovers, Moto offers all levels of spice.  Just be careful what you ask for.  If you know what I mean.  The name of the menu item will say it all.
4	If you eat in sushi does still take awhile on occasion. The service is usually decent although not overly friendly either.They have decent vegan options and I must say the portions are rather large. When we wanted a basic tofu/rice/veggies bowl we started getting take out here rather then Pei Wei or other pseudo asian joints because; it's cheaper, it tastes better and for under $6 you get a large bowl that is plenty for 1.5 meals. I have never even gotten the "plate" size because the bowl is always so large. I usually get the brown rice bowl with fried tofu, add veggies and the curry or chile sauce. Once in awhile I will mix it up and do noodles instead which is good as well.It's a decent place to pop in for a drink and a bite to eat, sometimes can get busy but it's good to have places like this in the neighborhood (plus it's not a chain - bonus).
3	We usually go here for their Sunday happy hour. The sushi is good and I've had their bbq pork noodles which have a lot of flavor, but for the most part it's not very authentic. Something different was their sushi ice cream, that was pretty awesome, you cant really go wrong with rice crispy treats and ice cream! The service has been very hit or miss.
4	This is my second time here and I like it. The service was quick, delightful and considerate. They were busy for lunch and it took a while to get our rolls. The food was tasty and just enough to fill our tummies.
4	This is a delicious neighborhood restaurant!I can't speak to their sushi much because I have become such a fan of other items on the menu. The handful plus times I have had sashimi here it has always been good.Now on to my favorites! The Asian nachos are a must get. Instead of tortilla chips they use wonton chips. Topped with a yummy cheese sauce, salsa, sour cream, and guacamole. Their guacamole is a mix of avocado and edamame. Yum! Add some chicken and these are super yummy and great for sharing.During my most recent visit here I discovered they have a new edamame. Bun Bo Edamame. It's very spicy. Too spicy for my tongue but the friend I was with loved it.Saved the best for last - the Mojo dessert. I am not a big dessert person, but I almost always order dessert here. It looks like a sushi roll. You get rice krispy treats, rolled up with Nutella, ice cream and a brownie in the middle. Delicious!!!
3	So, the closing time says 9ish. We walked in at 830pm and asked if they were still open. The hostess said yes and seated us. As soon as we sat down the server came over and said since it was 830 there were certain rolls we couldn't order. We told her what we wanted since we already knew and she agreed that we could order those rolls.As we were waiting they started putting up the chairs on the tables around us. Then she walked out with our sushi that looked very sloppily put together and also put our check down at the same time.At this point we felt extremely rushed and annoyed. I wish when we walked in she would have said they were closing, then we wouldn't have even bothered.So, we got mediocre sushi and were rushed out. We both felt annoyed about the entire experience. Usually its pretty decent, I would say excellent or good, just decent and this time it wasn't even that. Might be a while before we give it another chance.
3	The wonton soup was pretty good. The broth and veggies were tasty. The noodle part of the wontons were also good. The meat was a little off.The pad thai was also decent. A tad spicy for our taste. It was also a little pricey. But, the portion was large!I would probably give it a 3.5 if I could.
3	This was my first restaurant in Phoenix. I was taken here for a lunch prior to an interview I had. I was pretty nervous about the whole situation so I don't remember too many details, but I would recommend this place if you're a sushi lover or on the go and need a quick lunch to eat at your desk. Service was great too.
1	One star is too many for this place. We just went for the first time tonight. Our waitress was slow and lazy. We waited 15minutes before the server "noticed" us (she was busy talking to coworkers). We ordered some sushi and spring rolls. The sushi is cheap and skimpy, spring rolls were bland. We ate less than 1/2 the sushi and sat waiting for our server to check on us (still busy talking to coworkers). With no more to drink and sitting, waiting to get help for 1/2 hour, the server finally noticed us glaring at her and came over to see if we wanted anything else. We said "no" because nothing was good. She left saying nothing and after 10 minutes just dropped our check at the table. We were comped a good portion of the bill, but no manager came to see us and the waitress never mentioned it. Really all they needed to do is not ignore us and if they would have checked in shortly after we were served, we could have tried something else and maybe saved the meal. We will not be back. In summation, the food was poor quality, the service was awful, management is mia. No idea how this place stays open.
3	Look all you sushi snobs who like to pull rank, I too have been to Japan. Whoa. Crazy, I know. Moto sushi is good. Moto sushi is not great. The best time to enjoy it is at happy hour or during "all you can eat." The thing is, the underground menu is too expensive. I'm not a cheap person, ask my friends ... sadly, I am more likely to over-pay for things and I have no patience for sales. Given that I am a chump, who spends too much money, me saying their creative sushi rolls are too expensive says a lot. If I want to pay $13 for a roll, I am going somewhere else. Otherwise, the basics are value priced and pretty darn good. Good that is, not great.
2	OK - I'll be honest... I LOVE their food (especially the sushi).  But their service can be REALLY bad.  I've had to re-order drinks multiple times, wait long times for a check at the table...  and most recently I tried to place a pick up order over the phone.  I asked to pick up my food in 1 hour, they asked why I was calling so far in advance... I explained that I was going to be in a meeting and couldn't call back in 30 minutes to place the order.  Their response was that they would have it ready in 20 minutes, but I didn't want my sushi sitting for another 40 minutes before I picked it up.  They said they couldn't guarantee to have it ready in an hour.  SERIOUSLY?  You're kidding, right?  So, I hung up and won't be doing that again.  I also cancelled my plans with a group of 14 friends to have dinner there this weekend... we're going to Stingray instead.  I've lost my patience with Moto.  Yea, the food is good - but the service is just so ridiculously bad...
4	The straight dope:4.5 star bar for hopheads and craft brew fans:  Not particularly extensive in terms of number of offerings, but some sincere thought was put into the list and the result is a spectacular night's worth of excellent brew sampling.  Well done!  It would be nice if they had 12-year Yamazaki single malt to really put the cherry on top of their Japanese theme (even Benihana has that), and that would probably double my frequency of visits, but I guess they have plenty of the ordinary mid to top shelf liquors.   4.25 star ambience/decor.  Dark and modern.  Just how I like it. 4 star sushi/sashimi:  Our party of six tried about six rolls.  Nothing was left on the plates when we were done.  I found the quality to be high, but the execution and taste forgettable.  My wife would certainly disagree - she had the "Senorita Roll" on her mind for many days after we went there, and she went back again 2x over the span of 2 weeks just to get it.4.25 star dishes and appetizers:  The spicy riblets are INSANE.  One would think that a chef would be a bit fearful of putting something out that is so intentionally overcooked and brittle...but it works!  And I think that is what is special about Moto...the menu has a nice dash of daring, unconventional twists on what could have been (and often is) just very ordinary fare at other places.  PS - the portion sizes of some dishes (like yakisoba) are HUGE - two people could easily be satisfied by one entree here, so if you attend with a group, don't be afraid to "underorder" a bit and to share it family-style.
4	Inventive.. Rice a bit on the over sticky side on the rolls but great service.Must try the nachos and great happy hour!!!
5	Papa Trans Riblets are to die for! Moist, flavorful, get me a side of rice and ranch dipping sauce and I'm in heaven! If I could eat these for breakfast lunch and dinner I would, we drive 55 miles to eat these bad boys! Hint: order the large size and don't share because seriously even if your full you can still eat more! My mouth is watering now for Papa Trans Riblets! Ok gotta go !
1	Service was incredibly slow. It seemed like they had maybe 3 people working, and we'd often wait (what felt like) 15 minutes to get any attention, even when I was just standing there waiting to be seated (or greeted, for that matter).The menu is fairly comprehensive. The food is decent. I wasn't amazingly impressed, but I wasn't disappointed, either. Some of the prices seem steep. The atmosphere is kind of cramped and congested, but it was comfortable. Slightly loud, but you could still hear each other talk.But considering that I lost my dinner after I got home, I'm okay with not going back. No huge loss here.
3	I'm disappointed to have to do this, but after a long hiatus I have to conclude that MOTO is not as good as it was when I wrote my rave review.The mystique of the underground menu is gone. The not-so-underground menu now appears on the back of the regular menu :(The quality of service and product has also gone down. Sigh.
1	Regular customers.  Like the food but went in tonight while it was busy and got horrible service- from the owner no less!  It's on thing to be busy but to be blown off like we were was very disappointing.  We probably wont go back.  Definitely won't recommend.
5	I have been to this location several times and they have been very helpful ( im deaf ) and kind. Once they made a mistake and compensated for that mistake greatly!!  The sushi is excellent! Prices can be a bit on the high side but the great food makes up for it. I highly recommend this restaurant for great sushi.
3	This place is right around the corner from me and have been here several fans. Anyone who know me, knows I`m a sushi whore so why write about non sushi items you ask? Well I was more impressed with the non sushi items! Don`t get me wrong, sushi is ok here but I have had better elsewhere.What I did enjoy was the trying the Exit Wound bowl. Super spicy crispy shrimp, chicken and veggies was delicious! Maybe being winter, this was a perfect choice for something that warmed me up and boy it sure did! I am curious about the Classified bowl which is rated a 6 fire on the hot scale, and says on the menu: Do Not Order!!) My Exit Wound bowl was rated a 4 fire!
5	A friend took me to this restaurant because we were looking for Asian food on a Sunday evening, not too easy in Phoenix if you're not fond of chains.  We ate at the bar, had delicious crispy egg rolls, veggie bowl, I could just see families around us having wonderful food and especially enjoying the great friendly service, very relaxed but also fast and helpful in deciding what to order (I'm very conservative regarding spice and sushi)  Super clean, very affordable, all kinds of beer and wine.  Owner on the premises!  I will be going there often!
5	A M A Z I N G their roles are huge and great. I went with a friend who lives over that way. The owners were so nice and friendly. I cant believe I am just finding this place. The underground menu is now public... I thought that was kind of cool tho, what I heard of it. Only con, the waitress was a little slow, but she was nice and they were busy...so I will give her that :)
2	Mediocre to the max with bad service to boot! I've given this place a handful of tries and I just can't seem to find anything I like. The service is probably the worst part. Waiting 10 minutes for sushi rolls that are clearly ready and waiting to be served is not acceptable. I feel bad for the waitresses - every time I am in they seem to be running around like crazy.  The food is pretty horrible too. I CAN say the Asian chicken salad is pretty good but the rice bowls and sushi are all not good.
4	Wow, pretty impressed. We tried to go to another restaurant in the area, but the wait was too long. I'm glad wifey remembered about this place. The parking lot is NUTS, but we lucked out and got a good spot. we were able to get seated immediately, which is ALWAYS a bonus! We started with the Asian Nachos $($7.95). There were good, but not my thing. I ordered the Sasquatch roll that had crab, shrimp tempura, scallop, avocado and this orange mayo, that was KILLER! ($12.95). Wifey got the Las Vegas Roll ($9.95) that had crab, cream cheese and shrimp and it was fried. Again, a great roll. I also ordered the spicy ribs. They were sauceless and SUPER crispy!!! I was expecting more grilled ribs (like my fave at Sochu House) but there were VERY good. And as a bonus, the server brought my wife and I a shot (I had both because she was driving) because she noticed my 5 year old kinda being a hand full and thought we could use it to unwind! How awesome is THAT? All in all, great food and super perfect service. I'll definitely be coming back!
1	This restaurant would've received four stars because the chicken red curry was spicy and tasty, the happy hour cocktail was great, and the edamame was perfectly salted. And even though our server was a newbie, she was still attentive and got answers to all our happy hour and menu Qs.Unfortunately, none of this matters because I got food poisoning. I'm guessing from the chicken because no one else in my party got ill and I was the only one who ordered chicken. Worst 48 hours of my life. I'll never return.
2	Here's the thing... shortly after being seated the waitress spilled an entire pint glass of water DIRECTLY in my lap.  She was extremely embarassed and very apologetic, and I was good natured about the incident because after all, it was just water.  However, what bothered me was the fact that no manager or lead came to the table to apologize or at least buy me a beer.  There are three people at my table cleaning up ice and water, and an hour later I leave your restaurant STILL wet and you can't take a moment to address the situation? It left a bad taste in my mouth.  In addititon, the happy hour menu is rather limited and the sushi isn't bad, but not memorable either.  I'd much rather do happy hour at Ra or some other more consistant establishment.
4	I've been on a hiking kick lately and am trying to find different ones to try.  Decided to try Piestewa Peak (or Squaw Peak depending on who you ask) but was going to meet up with a friend for lunch beforehand and we found Moto not too far away.  I got there first, a little before 11 which is when they open.  There were a couple people waiting but nothing outrageous.  I walk in and get acknowledged right away by the bartender who lets me know that someone will be right up to seat me and sure enough, as he was finishing that statement the waitress came over and took me to a table.  She also brought me water right away which always makes me happy.While I was waiting for my friend to show up I read over the menu and was super excited to find out that not only do they have All You Can Eat Sushi, but that it was happening RIGHT AT THAT MOMENT!!  Apparently it's on Saturdays from 11-2:30 and there's 10 different rolls you can choose from for $18.99 (there are some nigiri options too but I don't remember how many there were to choose from for those).  Once my friend showed up I quickly told him about the All You Can Eat special so then he perused the menu to see which ones he wanted.  Our waitress kind of went MIA at this point so that was a little annoying but she seemed to be the only server there so I can't fault her for that but seriously you would think that the management there would keep the place a little bit better staffed on a weekend day during an all you can eat special.Once our waitress came by for our order my friend got the Tootsi Roll, the Vegas Roll and the Alaska Roll.  I decided that I probably didn't want to binge on sushi right before a hike so I stuck with a single Rainbow Roll.  They took a little bit of time to come out but then again sushi typically does and I'm sure everyone who was in the restaurant was ordering tons of different rolls.  I was happy with the size, the rolls were larger than most places but not so huge that you had a hard time eating a piece.  My Rainbow Roll was delicious!  All the ingredients were fresh and beautiful.  I'll admit I did share one piece of my friend's Vegas Roll (sharing is against the rules according to the menu...oops!) and it was pretty good.  Not the best Vegas Roll I've had but still good.I'll definitely be coming back here again on another Saturday when I don't plan on hiking so that I can actually partake in the All You Can Eat!
4	Had very low expectations given some of the reviews read but despite busy lunch crowd, service was good and food solid.  Easy in/out for business discussion with client.
3	Overall a good first experience. We arrived early and were the second table seated, but it still took almost 40 minutes to get our food. Not impressive, but the service was cordial. The food was very good, I had the crispy shrimp yakisoba and my wife had the asian nachos, which incidentally were 1/2 price because happy hour on Sundays is 11am-6:15pm. She said they were excellent. Not one of our go-to places, but I'm sure we will return eventually.
2	Stopped in here for lunch one day and wasn't pleased with the experience. The rolls were warm and fell apart. The service was fair at best and the place wasn't even very busy. Not that Phoenix is known for it's Sushi, but you'd expect better from a place like this. All that said, the menu is a hoot and worth a read, just don't order anything from it.
1	Ordered a specialty roll that was $14 dollars called the mayflower and it didn't live up to my expectations. It had more cucumber then tuna and forgot the cream cheese and avocado. It should have been called the cucumber roll with a slab of tuna on top. The following day my friend and I became violently ill with food poisoning!  I will never go anywhere near MOTO again after this experience.
5	Awesome inexpensive happy hour. The food is tasty - not just sushi. Great place to just hang out for awhile.
5	I find myself craving Moto and wishing I could go back for that Saturday All You Can Eat special. I live 15 minutes from the ocean now and haven't been impressed yet with any other business as far as service, price and quality goes.Together my friend and I ordered Tootsie Roll x2, Alaska Roll x2, Vegas roll and Veggie roll and all were VERY good. Our waitress was very attentive and cheery, she even let us take home our leftovers (we over-ordered by an entire roll, didn't realize how stuffed we would get!) which is usually not allowed during AYCE, so thanks for that!The initial wait time was about 20-25 minutes, but it was worth it and the orders after were very quick. I also want to note that they serve a delicious grapefruit-flavored beer called Pink Killer, which was very complimentary to our sushi rolls. When we asked where we may be able to find it outside of Moto, the waitress asked the manager who actually came out to our table to tell us about it. Very appreciated!
1	Place is garbage, over priced, with lousy service.  Went there last nigh had a party of 5, Cyndi thought she needed to add 20% gratuity to our bill so she didn't have to really work for a tip. Just an awful place.
5	This is my favorite Phoenix sushi restaurant. I admit I mostly get the same items every time and out of the probably hundreds of times I've eaten here I've only had less than great food a couple times. They have vegetarian items too and most things can be ordered with tofu instead of chicken or beef ( the noodle bowls and Asian nachos). They also have an all you can eat sushi special on Saturdays I believe. Oh and you must try the mojos - they are a dessert item and to die for!I order off the underground menu and it states that since they're specialty items it may take longer to make which is fine for me because I usually order to go anyway and the times I don't I order one of the craft beers on the constantly changing beer menu - I do love experimenting with the beers from different places. There are a lot of regulars - smiling faces - and there are TVs playing the current games at the bar, very low key laid back vibe, I love it. I will say it is much harder to get parking since Sprouts moved into the area but that's the only downside.
4	Ok, I'm updating my review. I come here far too often not to bump it up another notch. Plus, now I don't have to worry about someone calling me out when I stop by for my favorite chicken salad. Honestly, this is probably the best bang for your buck HH around. Who doesn't appreciate cheap and delicious food? Obviously, past Morgan didn't.
4	Sushi, sushi, sushi. My friend and I stopped in after a fun day of pool crashing at the Biltmore. I ordered an edamame and Las Vegas Roll (my fav.) and she got a double order of sashimi. We were pleased with the fast and attentive service. The food presentation was impressive (beautiful, actually) and the  food was delicious. I just read someone's review about All You Can Eat Saturdays? I'll have to check that out!Great job, Moto. We'll be back.
5	I love MOTO. I Crave their Curry Soup. It is amazing. And their Moto Chicken Salad has been a favorite of mine since back in their Shogun Express days. I am so glad I found it again. I've taken out the large and it fed my daughter and I for 2 days. I try to hit MOTO whenever I am even close to that part of town!!!
1	You might want to reconsider ordering the PHO.  Completely flavorless.  My guess would be the broth is made from a powered mix.  Add the fact that they charge $10 makes it even worse.  Meatballs were rubbery, sliced beef dry and chewy.  Owners need to consider taking this off the menu.  Would have sent it back but a co-worker went on a lunch run and picked this up for me to go.  Gross, Gross Gross....
5	Great restaurant, love it! Happy hour is the bomb! Definitely recommend the Asian nachos and the sweet potato fries.
3	Solid happy hour, 1/2 off rolls and select apps and $3 beers. They extend happy hour until 6:15 and that extra 15 minutes really helps when you are rushing after work. I liked the spring rolls and the tootsie roll was decent too. The bar is big and we easily found a seat but it tends to fill up fast after 5.Not the best sushi in the world but the happy hour prices can't be beat.
2	I really wish I liked this place more. It's hip! It's modern! It's kind of edgy! And I love sushi!But every time I go I leave feeling a little disappointed with my meal. The sushi is only ok. And I can't seem to find anything else on the menu that I like. Soup is bland, BBQ pork was ok but not great, spring rolls nothing to write home about.I'll go here if someone else wants to and just deal, but I'll won't  choose to go on my own.
4	The sushi here is amazingly delicious, super fresh, and there are a wide variety of choices. Miso soup is also quite nice as are the gyoza dumplings. This small (ish) place was hopping on a Friday night and we were happy to have reservations for our party of eight. We arrived about a half-hour early prepared to have a drink from the bar and wait for our 6:30 reservation. The hostess was not happy about this. I'm not sure why since we spent plenty of money at the bar AND we sat outside in the late afternoon summer heat. But her displeasure continued when she sat us as well. If the first person you meet in a restaurant is not friendly and welcoming, it sets a bad tone. Our wait staff was efficient and friendly however, and all was quite tasty. We'll revisit Moto because of the food and service, certainly not from the less than welcoming vibe upon entry.
1	Its our second time here and they messed up our order both times and the service is horrible.
4	This Business has been my go to Sushi restaurant for some time now. It's a small quaint establishment. The food is good and and they have a great selection for everyone...even if you don't like sushi. The only reason I did not give them 5 stars is because sometimes the food does take a little to long to get to you, and the business  it self is kind of small. There isn't a lot of seating especially when it's busy. Otherwise, I enjoy eating here and will continue to frequent Moto.
2	I want to start out this review by saying - I am never going back to Moto. I went there one time with a group. I was excited to try a new sushi place and normally really love sushi. However, there was a really bad odor when I walked in so I opted against trying the fish there out of fear of food poisoning. I can't comment on how the sushi is at Moto. Instead, I decided to try the Pho. I have eaten Pho at many places around town and typically enjoy it. Not at Moto. The broth was a darker color than I am used to and had a funny after taste. I couldn't even get through about 1/4 of it before I lost my appetite. Most of the other members of my group didn't like the food much either. My advice is that there are too many other places near Moto for good sushi and pho to risk trying this place.
2	Sushi was average & choices extremely limited. Drinks watered down. Atmosphere and decor are tops
4	Awesome happy hour with half off rolls and the nachos are bomb. The beer selection is pathetic, but what do you expect from a sushi place. Just know your boy and girl signs for the bathroom so you don't make the same mistake my boyfriend did, think about Austin Powers. In all honesty, one of our favorite places to go!
1	45 minutes for two veggie rolls....Ridiculous. Little explanation or apology and no discount....Unacceptable......very disappointed.
4	Go there for lunch often and I'm treated like Norm at Cheers. Love they remember my name. The servers and sushi chefs ( especially Ivan) can cut and roll some sushi! They have an underground menu you can pick from or just tell Ivan what you want in your roll ( custom)! I order the "Sasquatch" roll and I'm thoroughly satisfied. The noodles and any of the bowls there rival any sushi place around. They change out their beers weekly so you can enjoy many local brews. Try the "stoner" bowl and enjoy the spicy chicken/ ranch/ rice mix. Great for a hangover. It's local, its comfortable and it has a great happy hour on Friday.
3	Came here for lunch with a friend today. I had remember reading about the Asian nachos on Yelp and we ordered the small, without chicken. They were so YUMMY! Definitely something I would go back for. My friend and I were both pretty hungry and we polished off the small with no problem between the two of us. She ordered the Pad Thai Noodles and I opted for the California roll, with the real crab meat for the $1 up-charge. My friend said her dish was okay but she left a lot on her plate, though it was a huge portion. My Cali roll was pretty good, but kind of dry. I don't  think I've ever left a piece of sushi on my plate and I actually did this time around. I wasn't overly full either though so I think it just wasn't that great. It was a pretty large roll, 8 pieces, and each piece required two bites rather than the normal one piece, one bite. Service was pretty good. Our waitress kept our glasses full but disappear when we were waiting to pay. She also charged the wrong credit card for each of our tabs but corrected it, hopefully. Overall, I'd definitely go back for those nachos and to try something else on the menu.
4	I love this place. Happy hour is 50% off selected items but those are delicious. Try the Asian Nachos.
3	They have a good happy hour on Sundays. Sushi is pretty good but I didn't like the nachos.
5	My husband and I have really enjoyed our weekly visits to Moto Sushi.  We love the location, and the vibe inside as well. All the sashimi and rolls have been wonderful.  Thank you!  Highly suggest visiting!
2	Last night's service was horrible at 16th Street and Glendale. I stood at the counter for several minutes to pick up takeout, and was ignored by at least half a dozen employees. The server who was facing me less than two feet away putting something into the computer never made eye contact or acknowledged me. She was able to chat with coworkers about how horribly busy she was. Here's a tip - if you continue to ignore customers and complain in front of them about how overwhelmed you are (of course, it's all about you), you won't have to worry about customers. They will stop showing up. After standing there listening to the employees chat among themselves for several minutes, I asked if someone could handle takeout. Finally someone decided to help me, but I shouldn't have had to ask. Does anyone care about customers, or is everyone completely self-centered?
2	We have been loyal customers of Moto for years.  Unfortunately, the services is inconsistent.  Tonight, our sushi for 3 people took over an hour and 10 minutes to get.  After ordering, the waitress completely ignored us, until we started asking about our food after 50 minutes of waiting.  She kept telling us one more minute... for 20 minutes.  Before our food arrived, we asked for the bill to cancel our order.  She talked us into staying and we did because of our loyalty to this place.  Eventually the food came with a hair in the sushi that we tried to ignore.  After receiving and paying the full price for our food, we asked to speak to a manager.  We were told things were busy and that they hope they see us again.  So in summary it has good food if you're willing to wait forever in a moderately full restaurant to get served.
5	Sushi is delicious and not unreasonably priced. I wouldn't say its the best sushi I've ever had but its definitely quality and the prices, atmosphere and selection definitely mske up for it. The entire restaurant has a sense of humor and the staff is generally pretty friendly. North central Phoenix also lacks some good bars but Moto's definitely stands out if you're looking to get some drinks as well. Definitely recommend it.
1	Ordered two bowls of noodle with the wife.  An hour after walking in the door, we still didn't have noodles.  The waitress walked by 6 or seven times and was avoiding making eye contact.  Finally we had to leave to pick up our kids, not having eaten, not having had any sort of good service.  The waitress couldn't fathom why we would leave after having already been there about an hour.I have eaten here before and it has decent food but I won't be wasting anymore of my time here.  The complete lack of an attempt at service or even acknowledging the lack of it is inexcusable in a service industry with so many options.Hana has better Sushi/Japanese and is very near by on 7th ave.
3	We ate there for the first time tonight, and I have mixed feelings.  I was a little trepiditious going in based on the Yelp reviews being all over the place, but we decided to give it a shot anyway.  Well, walking in the door I smelled a somewhat unpleasant odor.  It wasn't fish, which is a good thing, I think it was probably cleaning product.  And it was probably just me as I sometimes have hyperosmia, my wife didn't smell it and thought the place smelled good.So let's talk food.  My standard sushi order is typically edamame, salmon nigiri, and a Philly roll.  Yes, I know, Philly isn't "real" sushi.  Tough, I like it.  But I can't say that I liked what I got at Moto.  It seemed to me that perhaps the rice was a little dry.  It was after 8pm, maybe they didn't want to cook another batch when they'd be closing in an hour.  Regardless, for me the sushi was a disappointment.  Even the edamame was disappointing, it could have been hotter.  Maybe it was sitting for a bit while waiting for our server, I don't know.  My wife ordered a roll which didn't impress either of us.Based just on that, I'd probably rate their sushi as average, not terribly impressive, and rate them a 2.  But I'm giving them three stars because of my wife's entree: Vietnamese pork tacos.  I don't know what the seasoning on the meat is, but it was GOOD.  And just based on that, we'll probably be returning to further explore the menu.  And if our future visit meets our expectations, I'll kick up my review to 4 stars.But next time, we'll be skipping the sushi.
3	If you're looking for original, authentic, and fresh food -- this isn't the place. The concept is fun and whimsical like a Japanese girl taking pictures and making a peace sign, but it's all make-up no substance. The rolls are weak and I would not recommend the yakisoba. If you're a typical Phoenician, this is a great starter place for the non-adventurous types that fein at being adventurous. There is nothing weird on the menu and almost all of it tastes like chicken!
1	I had to take my to-go order back 3 times because they got it wrong and the 3rd time, I took 5 bites of my salad before realizing there were crispy noodles in there that I SPECIFICALLY asked them not to put in because I have Celiac Disease and can't tolerate gluten.  Needless to say, I got very sick and am now home in bed instead of at work because of it. The girl at the take out counter, Tina, had the audacity to tell me it was my fault because she didn't hear me say it the second time I had to call back in because my order was wrong.  The 3rd time I went in after I realized I was going to get sick, I just asked for a refund.  The tall guy working was very nice and apologized over and over saying he would buy my meal next time but I won't be back.
5	I love this restaurant and have experienced very few challenges here. I have been going to moto for several years. The happy hour is AMAZING! When it's me and a friend, we walk out with a $15+tip bill and full bellies.. The food is great. I get the same thing almost every time I go in. The nachos are TO DIE FOR! I would also suggest the tootsie roll and gyoza (crispy). When I'm with my dad (and he is paying! :P) we order the Moto Chicken Salad-- so great! I eat here at least 2 times a month if not more. The waitresses are always friendly. Today we were in a hurry but really wanted happy hour sushi so they let us call our order in ahead (as you have to dine in for happy hour prices). We made it there in about 10 minutes and they had a table set up for us complete with waters and all of our food ready to eat! It absolutely made our day.
1	Worst pho I have ever had!! Rubbery beef, crunchy noodles and tasteless broth.... Look else where for Pho!!!
5	Two words for you- caramel wings. They are the best wings I've ever had, and I'm one of those girls who doesn't eat wings in public, but one whiff of the Caramel garlic goodness and I inhaled half my friend's order. Love. Also, Moto sports a rockin beer lineup which is almost unheard of in a sushi joint-they have happy hour every day of the week! The sushi was good, I'm a huge fan of the bowls myself. And every single time I've been there (a dozen? More?) I've had stellar service. Super awesome staff, lovely ambience, awesome food and beer!! Go to moto, you will love it!
5	I love this place. The food is always delicious. I came for lunch today and had Pho which was as good as any Vietnamese place I've gone to. I don't know my waitresses name but she was adorable, extremely nice and attentive. Dinner can get very busy and the wait times can get long, but it's worth it.
1	The single most disgusting sushi experience I've ever had. Asian nachos were burned and tasteless, April and Toosties rolls were totally bland and the texture was way off, the crab wontons came with some funky nasty sauce.. Blahhhh. $50 down the toilet.
3	Don't order sushi here. It's expensive and taste like holes. The wonton nacho is good but eat it fast because it gets soggy very fast, like too fast. I like the wings but too little for what they charge. Don't order pho either unless you never had Vietnamese noodles before then it probably tastes ok. But to everyone else that has, don't do it. If you've read that the sushi is good by others, they are probably friends of the owner or something because, really? 5 stars for this sushi is crazy talk. Service is good and some of the other apps are good. Katsu chicken is good I order it with slaw and brown rice.
4	We stopped in here previously to meet some friends who were dying for the burger they used to have on the menu. Once we realize you don't have the burger anymore, the gin told us to go elsewhere. But, I have been DYING to have the Chicken Wonton Soup ever since. So my bf and I came in for dinner last night. We started off with the crispy spring rolls which were awesome, my only complaint was having to share them. I don't like sharing. I obviously ordered the wonton soup and he ordered some noodle dish. Since my soup came out 5 minutes before his meal, I was finished and staring at him eat, which I'm sure was quite annoying. Oh well, it caused him to offer to share his dinner with me and it was yummy!!We took a vote after we left and decided to add this place into our rotation.
5	love love moto fresh fish cool atmosphere must try this hip mod place.  The noodles are out of this world and the sushi is the best in this part of town. Be prepared for a long wait this place is popular.
4	I love Moto, always quality food. Great sushi, spring rolls, and the rice bowls are awesome. They also added the Pho soup which is excellent!
1	If you are Coming here because the sushi, go somewhere else.Not much options on the menu and sloppy sushi.What they call specials, it's is a regular option anywhere else.
4	Good food, casual joint! The servers are very nice and the owner is often around. The only reason I didn't five star is that there are other local places that I think have slightly better sushi however, this place is very good!!
3	Moto is a great spot for an inexpensive full service lunch with a fair selection.  People are dogging the sushi, but its pretty good, especially for a place that isn't exclusively sushi.  My only gripe is their light beer selection is limited to Bud Light - everything else is IPA or Asian beer.  what's better than a Coors Light with Asian food?!  Nothing.
3	In town for a week for work and had heard good things about this place so decided to go for dinner with my coworkers. Below is a review off the dishes we hadPad Thai- the portions were huge. The spirit peanut was amazing and overall it met the expectation for decent pad ThaiSpring Rolls- these were very small compared to traditional spring rolls. They didn't seem to be fresh, the rice paper was a bit tough. - classified bowl- this bowl is no joke! If out like spicy this is defiantly for you! You will sweat and cry but over all the dish is really good.The portions on the main dishes are pretty big. It was average joint. Nothing to get super excited about but it won't disappoint.
3	Our second time here.  Be warned that Saturday afternoons are busy, they offer an all you can eat sushi deal.  We were not impressed by the sushi last time we were here, so that wasn't an objective.  Instead, we had crispy fried gyozo and tacos, both shrimp and BBQ pork.  The fried dumplings were excellent, I think they were deep-fried as they were crispy all around, I'm not sure you can do that with a skillet, and I have no problem with that.  The dipping sauce was decent but not exceptional.  The tacos were great, I loved my BBQ beef and my wife liked the shrimp.  Two tacos per plate made an excellent late lunch, very good portion size to be full but not stuffed.I do have to take exception to their guacamole.  I fully understand that they're going for an Asian, not Mexican, vibe for their guac, but it needed seasoning.  I'm not sure what, but I found the flavor kind of flat.  My wife thought it had enough salt, it just needed something to kick up the flavor a little.  Also, the wonton chips for scooping it?  Their strength is not up to the weight of the guac.We had the Mojo's for dessert, basically it's an ice cream sushi roll.  The ice cream flavor can vary day-to-day, today it was strawberry.  The two pieces that we got were an excellent cap to good food.Service was not good.  We had to flag down our server for refills for our tea, for a box for the fries to take home for our poodle, for the check.  They were kinda busy, still, it's what they're paid and tipped for.And finally, and sadly, whatever it was that I was smelling six months ago was still there.  I'm still not sure whether it's cleaning products or sushi, but it was something that really didn't sit well with my nose.Still, we liked the food and will definitely consider them for future eats.
1	Not impressed my last visit. Ordered lunch togo, I was craving the chicken salad. Got back to work to eat a limp cabbage tasteless chicken salad that i had to drown in extra spicy peanut dressing. What happened??? In the past this salad was amazing. I hope they stop the short cuts and not prep this salad ahead, it really ruins it!!
4	This is my favorite cenpho sushi place. Other than Hana which is awesome. I really enjoy the spicy edamame and the jalepenko roll. I have not had anything bad though. We go once a Month or so and usually share some rolls. The people are very friendly, food is always awesome, and the place is cute. It's win win!
2	This place is more of a bar than a sushi restaurant. This sushi is pretty average. The quality and freshness just isn't quite there. I've been to many sushi joints in my time, and can tell you that Moto sushi is a decent place for your average sushi consumer, but won't impress most others. Rolls are pretty generic, and sloppily made. Service was good, which is why it gets 2 stars. Prices are up there among better restaurants, so I suggest you look elsewhere cuz it ain't cheap. They have a happy hour menu, and also an all-you-can eat menu...if that interests you. They are the only sushi joint within a few miles, otherwise the competition would eat them up in no time. You can try it for yourself, but I'm just trying to save you a few bucks here...
4	You know you're in a sushi place when you walk in and it smells like a fish market... in a good way. Food was super fresh well prepared. The September roll was spicy crispy excellent. The veggie spring roll was plenty big as an appetizer, however that steamed vegetables were kind of bland. Great service too!
2	I went here for lunch on Saturday for the All-you can eat sushi.  It wasn't very crowed which is to say they had available seats at the bar and tables empty.  I sat at the sushi bar and waited 15 minutes before anyone acknowledged me.  The sushi chef asked if I had been helped.  I said no.  He said someone will be right with me.  5 min later I finally get a drink.  I stopped the guy and told him to just take my order and that I wanted the all you can eat special.  The chef was busy the whole time making orders so this isn't his fault but I got my food about 15 min after ordering.  My second order took almost 20 min.   Its hard to justify an all you can eat deal when it takes so long to get food.  They really need a second chef to help with the sushi.  They weren't attentive and it was really a sub par experience at best.
4	I liked the food! Ordered grilled salmon and a side salad. Both wear great! The ginger dressing on the salad was really good. I will come back.
5	My first time here, my friend and I both got the ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI which is Saturday 11-2:30pm. These are for rolls and nigiri, and there are rules - NO RICISM. Eat your rice. Anyway, the rolls were scrumptious, and the Las Vegas roll was a delicious departure from the norm. We started big, ordering 3 rolls each, then 3 more I think. Order what you can eat, OK? Don't be wasteful. You'll see the rules on the placard.  Another time I came here for my friend's b-day and the girlfriend treated several of us with URGING to consume. We all ordered a variety of rolls and we all shared many pieces of each. I felt guilty, but I couldn't get enough of the smoked salmon sashimi at $9.99 each. The presentation was beautiful - it was made to look like a rose on the plate. The flavor and texture made me fall in love with each mouthful. I had flashbacks of kissing Reanna, my old GF in the 90's.HHMMMMMMMMmmmmmmmmmmm.*snaps awake*Oh and good beers too!Service was courteous and attentive.
1	I have held off writing a review for Moto for a year or so.  Sadly I have been subject to dining here multiple times, because I am sucker for 'second chances...and third and fourth'...Moto joined the North Central scene years ago, and sadly has gone down hill.  The only thing helping it stay afloat is the lack of other sushi restaurants in the area for the citizens of the neighborhood to enjoy.  The service is pitiful, and it seems like they hire anyone that inquires.  Dining at Moto takes over an hour and a half, with just 3 people.  Getting water upon arrival is painful and receiving the exact food you ordered, is not an option.   Whatever you do...don't come to dine if you have any food allergy. The bartenders are always eating and licking their fingers, touching their hair and then touching everything "sanitary" behind the bar.  The drinks made and ready to go to their respectful customers, just sit at the bar back and begin to water down for easily 10 mins before the floor server magically reappears from the kitchen.The food isnt even good!  Sushi is sloppy, not creative, and poor cuts of fish.  The ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI...well, they bank on their horrible service to never bring you the goods as you request and are ready.  We sat in front of empty plates for 35 mins at one point.Twice now, when we were ready to leave, the server is no where to be found (just the same as most of the meal).  I was literally trying to give them money and they would avoid all eye contact and assistance. *que bad SNL skit from the 80s.... Please, do yourself a favor, and do not dine here....and WHATEVER you do...dont take anyone here for dinner, you will embarrass yourself.
5	Love this local sushi spot. A must try in central Phoenix! They have a great selection on the menu! The fish is very fresh. You can spot me there at least once a week!
1	I SENT THE FOLLOWING TO THE MANAGEMENT AT MOTO ON JULY 17.Good morning:People I work with had raved about MOTO, and since I had moved to the downtown area, were eager to show it to me, although each had admitted to not having been there in a while. I was excited to find a decent sushi joint as I now live 3 minutes away and appreciated an introduction to someplace where I would thereafter go on my own to enjoy the sushi bar after work as my local. I visited on July 5th and met one of my friends who had been seated at the tiniest two-top around the corner from the service area in the seated dining area which had only 2 other occupants. I asked to move to a window table in preparation for the  sushi all you can eat experience.  She ordered two of the rolls and I had 3 of the nigiri  on offer. The rice was so loose I couldn't pick it up even with fingers without everything scattering.  For someplace that madates YOU MUST EAT THE RICE, the chef didn't make that easy. I would have expected nominal seasoning with the vinegar in the rice or a small bit of wasabi between fish and rice but this didn't have any, which may be MOTO syle,  but with the rice being so loose, I couldn't easily put a bit of wasabi between fish and rice, it made eating in the style I wanted difficult. The fish was fresh and good, but the prep was sloppy. I did order the other 3 nigiri and again: fish fresh, prep sloppy.  My friend had the rolls which were 6 or 8 cut but she left 4 pieces of each. I tried one piece and the thing was so sweet I couldn't taste any of the other ingredients.  She didn't want to order any more, and that kind of killed my experience so I couldn't eat any more whilst she just sat there.  Another couple came in and was seated at our former table and they were complaining that the prices had increased and I believe they ended up ordering a la carte, but were complaining to each other about the amount of dressing on their rolls and that the quality had gone down.  When our server came to see if we wanted anything else, we declined and I asked for a box for her unwanted rolls. I was advised that wasn't possible unless I wanted to pay full price for them.  They were inedible and I have a local homeless person I was going to drop them with as I wouldn't eat them. I understand the policy is to prevent piggy people who order 500 things and want to take most home to eat for the week but this was unwarranted because the quality was bad so the result was - the restaurant would rather throw it out, than allow the unsatisfied patron a compromise. My dining partner asked if she could just pay for the price of the two rolls that were to be thrown away as it was less expensive than the all you can eat price, and she certainly didn't get her money's worth. She was told no. Then we received our bill with an automatically added 20% gratuity on the whole bill. For a two top. On a Saturday afternoon. In an empty restaurant.  I understand it for larger parties, especially with the all you can eat when the service warrants it. I had one beer, she had one Coke product, and I got a water side, no refills.  Very little attention was required, and most of the staff was stading behind the bar in service just chatting....the sushi chef was active, serving the few patrons at the bar...maybe 5? The restaurant never got full, during our time there, only one table of two moms with babies and another table of two men were there.  I came away unhappy with your business practice. I understand where it may be hard to enforce discretion with the auto 20% (which is what I tip on basic service, my friend says she tips 15% for decent/good service at lunch).  But we required very little attention, she certainly didn't get her money's worth and that killed my ability to enjoy the good fish at least.  Not being able to even give away the rest of the rolls really got up my nose knowing the food would be wasted and we certainly weren't taking advantage. The server was new, but pleasant and a decent worker. The food prep sloppy and it was very unsatisfying.  I want to give MOTO management the opportunity to respond.  People wanted me to put a review on Yelp but I believe people in food service genuinel want to provide a good experience where the customer comes away happy.  I post positive reviews on other sites - a reward for good work, so I am taking the time to contact you directly as I was sorely disappointed.  Thank you for your consideration, and a reply would be appreciated. +++ They never answered me. Don't waste your money on a subpar restaurant. I would have happily spent  the 30+ dollars for my meal on a quality lunch at Hana or Sushi Ko, with excellent service and management that seems to care a little bit.  I give one star because the fish was fresh and our server was good, she just doesn't stand a chance to be rewarded at this place. Sad.
4	Another new place discovered through my Sushi group.  As has been common, large groups with seperate checks tend to challenge them, but the food was propery delivered and very delious.  I enjoyed my standard Philly Roll as well as a Mark Roll and Mayflower Roll, all of which was very good.  I look forward to another opportunity to return and try other rolls on the menu.  Oh and you definetly have to try the MOJOS, very tastey desert.
5	Great place to hang out fir friends! Friendly staff, creative food, and craft beers that I never heard of, but always willing to try.  The staff is knowledgable about the beer and the food and seem to care and take interest in their customers.Stop in for happy hour, lunch or dinner!
4	I frequent this place, it is in the neighborhood and has great sushi rolls.  We went for happy hour and ordered 3 sushi rolls and 2 appetizers, which were all only $5 each.  We had the wings which were crispy and amazing, as well as the crispy gyoza served with cilantro and ponzu sauce.  My favorite roll was the Alaska roll which has smoked salmon on top with crab mix inside.  We sat at the bar and received excellent service.  They have a good selection of craft beers on tap and they will let you try samples to see which one you might prefer.  It has modern decor inside with original art on the wall, and a very pleasing atmosphere.
1	Why do I come here? Every time I do I promise myself it will be the last time. Went in got lunch today around 12:40. There were 6 tables including ours. It took over 5 minutes to get water on the table. We ordered a gyoza, a tootsie roll and a spicy tuna roll. It took an additional 30 mins for that to come out. Our waiter was rude and short with us, hardly came to the table at all. I didn't try the spicy tuna because I'm 9.5 months pregnant but my sister couldn't even choke it down because the fish tasted bad. We had to scarf our food down because my sister had to return to work. We didn't  anticipate it taking 40 minutes for two sushi rolls and some fried dumplings. It would have been one thing if it was busy, but it wasn't. And every time I come here the service gets worse. Seriously moto, this is the last time!
5	The menu here cracks me up, it has little comments on the decor, innuendos, recommendations / warnings (there is a stoner bowl and an exit wound bowl).  This is what fusion SHOULD be.  The smoked salmon sashimi is presented as a rose, their rainbow roll melts in your mouth. I love the spicy red curry coconut crab bisque. They have these Asian nachos, they're crispy wantons with all the stuff you'd expect on nachos. I drowned my sorrows from ending a ltr in these nachos, and those nachos worked.
3	Sushi was wonderful. We tried 5 different choices. The cucumber salad was to die for. The Build Your Own Bowls were bland, both rice & noodle. Service was only okay. She wasn't the friendliest and we had to wait for longer than normal each time we needed anything, ie. Wine, napkins.
3	I've been here a few times and stopped in recently for lunch. I had the pad thai this time which was good but felt it was missing something. Not quite sure. I really wish they had lunch specials there as I think I might go there a bit more during the work week. I will go back but it's not at the top of my list.I sat at the bar and the service was great (always has been good the two times I've been to Moto).
1	Been going here for years.  The food and service is going downhill.  Last night entrees arrived 15 minutes apart.  Manager who appeared to be about 16 said it was because they have two kitchens? Apparently they don't talk to each other. Avoid
4	3.5 stars but you get 4 instead of 3 until Yelp offers half stars!  This review is long overdue.  Ive been coming here off and on for 4-5 years.  CONS:  Beer glass/drink size: Im an IPA beer snob (this part of which will also be a pro, later on in the review) and it just bugs me that the beers are served in 12 oz glasses.  By not serving the beer in a pint glass, this is the message i get:  MOTO is trying to make just a little more profit off the beer by shorting you the extra four ounces you are accustomed to.    Case in point: Sculpin on draft (delicious), 12 oz for $7.  This is what I pay for Sculpin at places like Federal and Postino, unfortunately i do not think MOTO is the same caliber place (service, food, etc).  I expect a little more beer for my $7.Food: Average.  Its like guilty pleasure / junk food with Asian flare.  Not the freshest, not the tastiest, but i keep coming back (when i feel like being bad), so it can't be all that bad!And now for my biggest gripe, CLEANLINESS:  There are several decorative metal grates hanging from the ceiling over the bar and the area where sushi is prepared.  For the last year, I have noticed that these grates have an insane amount of dust bunnies and dirt on them.  Its SO gross.  On my last visit, the cook was preparing sushi at the bar and i couldn't help but think how many particles of dust and debris were falling from those grates onto the sushi.   PLEASE CLEAN THE GRATES!! PROS:  Great beer selection, always rotating, and always updated on TapHunter!! Whomever manages the Facebook site is really on top of things and posts witty things.Vibe! Its a good vibe.. the kind of place I want to pop into after hiking squaw peak.  Nothing too fancy, not pretentious at all, and just laid back. The ambience is nice and the menu is full of witty statements.There is enough about this place that I like, and i will keep coming back.  I hope the owner reads this and finds the comments constructive and helpful.
1	If I could give this place a negative star I would! I have been coming here for years the service is has done a nose dive in the ground!!!! The service has is HORRIBLE now ! Went there for take out when I got home the order was completely  wrong the one thing they did get right was cold! I called let them know what was my order was incorrect and went back to wait another 15 minutes for them to correct it. I told them that part of my order was COLD and they said they would not replace it because it was what I ordered and there  was nothing wrong with the food it was just cold.  The manger or what they hired as a manger said she could reheat my food  and to replace it would cost them money to replace it. I asked  for a refund and she was NOT going to give me my money back. Finally she went into the back and asked some other person what to do which he seemed to have so sort of customer service. He told her to give me a gift card for the amount of the of the food! What I am going to do with a gift card to a place I am not coming back to!!! When asked to speak with him she told me he was not the manger but yet he seemed to tell her what to do !  It's a shame I expect this type of service from a large chain but not from a small business  ! Sad to say but I will not be returning and I will be telling others so they don't get ripped off!
