3	When you're driving from Vegas to Phoenix, this place is the 1st stop for gas/snacks/restrooms between Wikieup and Wickenburg....which is a long drive.  Therefore, if you don't plan your stops properly, it can be like an oasis in the desert at times.  There's a Jack in the Box, a convenience store, and a Mobil gas station at this stop.I give it 3 Stars for the Jack in the Box restaurant, convenience store, and gas station.  However, the bathrooms get 1 Star.  Because they're highly used, they're always trashed and nasty.Parking can be tough, especially on a busy weekend.  Also, getting to the gas pump can be difficult at times too with long lines often forming, like this past weekend.Unless they build something else between Wikieup and Wickenburg, this will always be our go to stop.Return Factor - 60%
1	OK, my first one star review.  Not that I have never been anyplace worthy of the single star but I usually figure those places have enough problems without my one star review.I have stopped here to grab a quick sandwich coming or going to Nevada several times.  I recognized the woman at the counter  as having waited on me before.  I was about 3 people back in line when I heard a gentleman ask her if the food item she was giving him was the same one just returned by another customer.  She acknowledged it was and he asked for a fresh one, which she promptly gave him.  I don't know the whole story, how long it was away from the counter if at all.  Heck for all I know it was a drive through customer that didn't have enough funds when they got to the window and they unbagged some or all of an order.  The exchange that I heard made me uncomfortable and I got out of line and got a bag of Cheetos in the store to munch on.
2	The service took longer than it should have for how busy they were. We ordered one Supreme Croissant, 2 Tacos with no lettuce, 2 small Oreo shakes. We are the shakes as we drive away. 20 minutes down the road we discover the sandwich has no cheese, and one if the tacos was burnt beyond pretending it was edible. I'm pissed.
3	For what ever reason this place has low reviews. I mean it is obviously not 5 star dinning but I had NO issues. I was on my way to Vegas and needed a little fuel for the belly.Classic order.....4 tacos and bacon burger, quick, cheep, filling, and back on the road.The girl that took my order was awesome, and there was no issue with my order. I had no problems here at all.
