3	Pretty good deals for happy hour.  The bar looks real busy with tvs and tall tables.  Beer's are a little too pricey for it being in Peoria Arizona.
4	Having been only to the Tempe McDuffy's (which has since closed) I wasn't expecting much out of this one.  Stopped by for a few drinks after seeing a Spring Training game and it is much bigger than it's Tempe counterpart.  And a lot cleaner too.  Recently I went there on a Saturday night with some friends and experienced the "club" side of this place.  I didn't drink to much because I went a little overboard on the predrink beforehand, the beers were a little overpriced but that was no surprise.  Overall I prefer the relaxed Happy Hour McDuffy's....
3	Drinks can be pricey, the place can get packed on weekend nights.  Sometimes people get out of hand but the bouncers are pretty attentive.  However, ladies nights are great, especially if you get on their VIP list.  It's a fun place if you're looking to dance and have fun but I wouldn't make it a regular place.*Note, I've only been here during "club" hours so I have no idea what their food or other atmosphere is like*
4	Dipped in here with large group of baseball players after their tournament for some drinks, food and cool air. After spending about 8 hours on the padres fields there in Peoria it was time for some cold drinks in an air conditioned building. We were appropriately seated in the area with lots of booths, long tables perfect for large groups, and all the TVs we could possibly want (and empty). We had great servers who got everything right!!! There were tons of beers and non-alcoholic drinks all around and it was happy hour, so tons of low cost appetizers. The food was typical bar food (for appetizers). There were lots of choices and lots of southwestern/mexican choices on the menu. The setup of the place is great. It is about two stories with open ceiling. It makes the place feel very large. The TVs are huge and different sports on each tv. The place is very clean and the staff is very nice. I would recommend going here if you are in the area, want some cheap happy hour food, and just want to watch some sports. It also seems like there are tons of special events at this place. There is a calendar that seems never ending.
3	Hit up this joint a couple times while in town for Padres spring training the past several years .. it's great sports-theme hangout for large groups .. plenty of TVs, service is very good, food is decent, big variety of drinks .. but it can get a bit pricey here for a casual place.Location is convenient for those hanging out in the franchise capital of the world--Peoria.
3	As a sports bar, it does the job but it is too crowded on NFL Sundays and you can't get a place to sit much less stand. The food is much better than Fox n the Hound.  Since there is no nightlife in Glendale, McDuffys serves as a pseudo-night club. I'm only writing this review in case some urban youth moved here from LA or Seattle to attend Midwestern or Thunderbird and is looking for some nearby night life. If you are one of these people, don't go here. The crowd is trashy. The guys are a bunch of meatheads, good ole boys and gangbangers who get into fights. The "ladies" are a bunch of single moms, married women w/rings off and tough chicks.   I know I'm going to offend 99% of the peole reading this because they can relate to the above but again this review isn't designed for you.Let me describe the typical McDuffy's patron: jeans, flip flops, tight t-shirt, backwards Steelers or Packers hat with Oakleys on them, goatee and huge arms with Japanese lettering tattoo with words that mean nothing. They pull up in a navy blue Dodge Ram hemi truck with pitch black tinted windows.  Ladies, if that's what you want, this place is pefect for you.I preferred the Tempe version. Sure it was not nearly as nice as this one but at least that one was a legitimate college bar. This is a place for 30 year olds who work at LA Fitness, Black Angus and Cosco and who want to act like they are in college.
2	This club was really creepy. Aside from the impressive two story set-up with pool tables and  loungey space upstairs, I was not impressed. Our group was really out-of-place. Our ladies weren't dressed sleazy or tacky enough with cheapy slutty clothing. And our guys weren't dressed generically enough (think black/white mall-wear). Drinks were much weaker than the previous establishment we went to (Fox and Hound).Ahh, the things I will do for friends. Going to Mc Duffy's for a friend's birthday night out is one of those gestures. My McDuffy's good deed has me off the hook for another year I suppose. I was actually having more fun at Fox and Hound and wish we had stayed there.An extra star for the doorman knowing one of the girls in the group, letting the guys in our group bypass the $10 cover. $10 too much in my opinion.
3	For the most part, its a decent restaurant, decent prices, good atmosphere, hot babes on the weekends etc, etc. If your into dancing and sharing bodily fluids (Friday-Saturday), then this place is perfect for you. They have off-track betting and a bunch of T.V.'s (their placement isn't optimal unless you sit at the bar or are partially deformed). If you want to go check out the MMA fights there then this is not the place to go. Seating is now reserve only, so good luck trying to watch the fights there, and the waitresses can be pretty mean.Last note, If you sit on the southernmost part of the bar there is a good chance that you can see up the skirt of one of the 2 chicks that dance there in the evenings, and they are well aware of the situation.
4	Great for sporting events and MMA fights for sure. They have upwards of 100 televisions, including huge projection screens, perfect for Sunday football. Their food menu goes beyond the generic "bar food" you would see at most places like this. They have a good Mexican portion of the menu, burgers, salads, steak, chicken, past, wings, and my fave the Spinatch and artichoke dip. They have food and drink specials all through the week, with a special Fish-Fry on Friday nights. I have been there on occasion on club nights, Wednesday-Saturday, and it gets pretty packed. They have a nice VIP and lounge area up stars, where my friends and I usually would hang out. There are also two smoking patios, one up stairs and one down. Over all this place is pretty good, friendly staff and lots of room. I would recommend this to anyone! Enjoy!
4	Sunday morning is football time right? We went to Mcduffys to get out of the house and let the wife and kids take control of the remote. There were 4 of us, so we quickly grabbed the "lounge." It is a small 7x12 section on top of the stairs that has lounge swivel type chairs and two tv's. We had a few drinks and some food while watching the game. It was really comfortable and i enjoyed the space. The food was great. I had a burger which is a hand pattied 1/2 thick cooked to perfection with cheese, let and tom on a toasted bun. The server forgot to bring any mayo or mustard etc. It was still great. They serve it with frys and they were good too. The prices were average but since the food was good it was worth it.
3	Sports bar with the usual rowdy crowd, fried food and such, and underskilled but attractive waitresses.  Prices seemed high compared to other offerings in the area, but I suppose this is par for the course when it comes to places like this.  You're paying for the scenery, whether it be the ladies or the TV's.  Outside on the front there's a front deck that is "netted" in, almost as if to remind people that a lot of animals drink here.  Sigh...
4	We come here about once or twice a month for happy hour or to catch a game. Great happy hour specials and there are tons of tv's to watch. I especially like it for the off track horse race betting. Since I don't spend all of my money on food and beer, I have a little extra to gamble away.
3	okay sports bar...over all food good.  Prices higher than what you would expect.  Cover charge too high for a sports bar on weekend nights.  Expect the typical bar  weekend night crowd - you'll have your share of idiots and fights - just like most bars when the night goes on. But it is something to do if your in the area and want to just hang
4	Great neighborhood place. Lots of TVs. Great place to watch the game.
4	I do like visiting this place after work to wind down. The atmosphere is great, the food is pretty darn good, but the staff isn't all it is cracked up to be. Don't get me wrong, they are nice girls, but just a little slow at times... Okay, I am being nice. They are pretty slow most of the time but some can carry a pretty good conversation. I do love the popcorn chicken mixed in the teriyaki and buffalo sauce. Mmmm, mmm good!
2	We had a GC that was expiring that night so we ran in for a quick dinner. Both had beers, the beers were great , the moldy oranges on the rim were not. Megan was our waitress and she was great and even joked around a little with us and that was nice. I think we ordered way wrong on the food as the reviews on here are raving about the burgers, had the chicken Parmesan and wow what a hot mess that was, straight tomato paste out of the can over linguine noodles and some chicken tenders cut up and mixed throughout.  This dish should be taken off the menu or worked out. Had a dinner salad as well, nothing special here but the ranch was good. Dont think we would go back.
3	RIP McDuffy's, thanks for the good and the bad!
