5	So you waited until the last minute to get your college best friend a present for her birthday. Problem is: you don't see her very often, thus, you don't really know what she's into nowadays. You want to give her something that's unique and stylish and unusual, something that exudes "Phoenix-chic," something that you know she'll love because it's artsy. What do you do...what do you do?Well, you really ought to go to MADE art boutique on Roosevelt Row. The boutique houses artist-made gift items, like pottery, clothing, jewelry, bags, cards for all occasions, sculptures, books, and even chocolates! I received this really cool-looking necklace that has an antique poker chip that says "bulldog" embellished with tiny crystals for a pendant.  It's such a conversation piece every time I wear it. I also purchased a very colorful purse made of gum wrappers that is just so perfect for spring!What makes this place even more special is that it hosts workshops in creative writing and in various forms of art. Very cool!Right next to eyelounge...check it out (especially that book "Toilets of the World)!
5	I keep meaning to ask if they do gift registries at this store.  Because my friends say I'm hard to buy for, and I just don't get it.  Go to Made.  Apply blindfold.  Spin.  Stop.  Walk forward.  Buy what you touch.  Unless it's baby clothes.  It's that easy.I really love this place.  I make people go here.  I got a rockin' ring here.  Some cool books. Of course a few magnets.  Recent purchase was a baby t-shirt (for friend) that said angel on the front and had a pic of wings on the back.  Aw....  And the selection is often changing as artists create new things. You should go.  You need to go.  Just go.
5	Loved everything I found in this place and so did my boyfriend so you know it's got to be cool! Made is an art boutique on Roosevelt Row in Phoenix. I found so many cool things here from out there books, to yummy candles, funny magnets, unique jewelry, and a huge selection of Phoenix magazines ( hell yes). The girl behind the counter was very nice and help-full she added me to their mailing list and gave me a flier about an upcoming event called mug night. Basically you bring a mug you don't want anymore and find someone to trade with you! Genius! I can't get this necklace out of my mind that had crystal designs or sayings on poker chips. Anyone who loves Vegas or Gambling would love those! I'll be back!
5	One of the best places on Roosevelt Row, Made has a plethora of things to catch your eye and keep your attention. From funny gifts to thoughtful ones, this store is a gold mine, if you're looking to please a friend, partner or work mate. I mean, if you're not thrilled by their selection of cool (and sometimes political) magnets or buttons, you can always go with the books that'll teach you all you need to know about urban slang. But if it's thoughtful you're after, you can find it here. From soy candles to handmade purses, you got options. I personally loved the baby stuff, the funny tablets ("What You Should Do To Make Me Happy") and the pottery/bowls. I can definitely see myself coming back here on numerous occasions when I need to buy a gift for something who appreciate unique, quirky, creative and funny gifts. You need to check this place out. Aside from being interesting and fun, it smells great, too!
5	Fabuloso.  This is my kind of place.  I love everything from the great candle smell when you walk in to all of the knickknacks that you want, but don't really need.  There was really cool note cards that made me wish I sent more thank you cards so I could justify the purchase, but who knows, maybe I'll find a use for them yet.  One of my favorite items was a book of shopping lists that had been found and bound into a clever, entertaining read (with organized chapters!).  The slang flashcards had me laughing along with many other great novelty items.  There are also fun vases, books, and all sorts of random gifty items.  I enjoyed my short time going through the mish-mash of inventory and I hope you do the same.  I will definitely be back and leave with a purchase next time.
5	Awesome store!!!  It's always one of the places I hit when I'm looking for a unique gift for a friend OR myself!I love everything in there!
5	Many of the businesses in this area of the city are converted houses and Made is what started it all. It is my understanding that they got the idea of buying dilapidated houses, fixing them up real nice, and turning them into neat little shops, restaurants, and bars. Kudos indeed!Made itself sells unique books, hand-made and other cool cards, cool artist-made jewelry, some artist-made and small label clothing, and art from local artists. The people who work there also know the area really well, and are more than happy to suggest other businesses in the area.
5	Made has a fantastic collection of handmade gift items, pottery, jewelry and even books and magazines.  It's a great place to find the perfect gift, and a fun stop on the First Fridays evenings.  Highly recommended!
5	Such a fan, this place is SO fun. Just don't go during First Fridays or there won't be room for me. Roy Valle Wasson's shirts are sold here- thats a plus. Plus its by the Lost Leaf.
4	Made is my favorite place to go whenever I go to First Fridays (monthly art walk) in Phoenix.  I realize that I could go there at other times during the month, but there's something special about saving it as a once-a-month only event.  If, however, you prefer to not be crammed into the small shop, burning up from the body heat inside (no matter the weather outside) you perhaps should visit on a day that is not the First Friday of a month.I Love Made's selection of quirky books, curious items that might improve your household (like the little man statuette that now holds my razor in the shower), specialty magazines, and hilarious independently printed "propaganda" (like instruction books on how to be "American" set up like boyscout training manuals).The stuff in Made is generally higher quality than the stuff sold on the streets at First Fridays, and can be more or less expensive depending on what you're getting.  All my individual purchases there have been under $10, but that's because I haven't brought myself to buy a very cute looking $40 cosmetics bag made out of starburst wrappers.
5	I found some great t-shirts for friends here, including one from a local PHX artist with a grinning skull.  If you're a hipster or looking to buy gifts for one, then this is the place to go. Plus, the clerk was using a Mac (not that I would expect anything different, but bonus verisimilitude points for fitting in with your surroundings Mr. Clerk).
5	Went here today for the first time with Carmen W. (my usual partner in crime) after the Farmer's Market ...loved it! The store is full of witty and artsy jewelry, pottery, stationery and other objet, most from local artists. The store is very eclectic and there really is something for everyone. And, the prices are great. As other reviewers have said, this is a great place for last minute gift ideas.The staff here is wonderful as well. Very informed about the merchandise and willing to help. They also talked to us about some upcoming events. I think this especially impressed me b/c no one was pushy or "too cool for school;" the staff was just friendly, open and willing to chat.But, what I loved best was the smattering of books in the store. Seriously, they must be in my head, stealing my reading list. So many books here that are truly special. When I mentioned this to a woman working there, she said the books spoke for the store when the staff was out. Wow. Love this sentiment and totally agree. I absolutely love that we have a local store that believes this.I bought a few cool items - napkin rings/gift tags that were little chalkboards! - as did my friends. I def plan to return and to check up on the reading list...
5	I wish I had time to be super creative, crafty and productive. Going into Made Art only makes that yearning stronger!It's the perfect plact to find a variety of gifts for people of many interests. I was able to knock out my Christmas shopping for my 3 sisters, best friend, roommate, and a little something for myself in about an hour after about 50 circles around the store. (There is so much to see you have to do a few laps.)They have really cute, funky baby clothes, but I personally find it difficult to spend too much money on something that will be dirty and smelly within a few minutes and then too small. They also have a really eclectic selection of books that are fun to leaf through, and even have some craft books in case you get inspired while you browse!I don't know the name of the girl who assisted me but she was super helpful (and had great hair.) She went through my shopping list with me and would point out things I may have missed or paired a couple things here and there to make a fun set. You have to know a lot of what they have is hand made, and it's an independent boutique so prices will tend to be higher but  I don't find most of the stuff overly pricy at all for the unique quality you get.
5	this place is awesome. i love stationery and all things paper and i live on roosevelt so really i am lucky. such a nice shop and well, they carry some of my handmade books.
4	I enjoy going to Made, it inspires me!.  You never know what you'll find but it is always something great!  Handmade jewelery, great magazines, and unique items everywhere!
4	I've only been to this place on First Fridays, so it's always been a friggin' madhouse. You basically stand in line to get in, and then conga through this little shop and creak the wooden floors. But there's some seriously cool stuff in here. Stuff you'd never need... like a felt squirrel to put on your wall (want it!) and lots of funky T-shirts about murderous cupcakes and the like. Some of the best trinkets in the Phx are right here.
4	First things first, don't visit this place on a First Friday, that would be a mistake.  Every other day you will be free to browse this cozy little store at your own pace and with your very own bubble of personal space.Made carries a rather interesting selection of items.  They have a variety of screen printed T-Shirts in the back along with a fairly extensive magazine collection and a smattering of handmade pottery across from that.  In the same vicinity you will find cleverly crafted jewelry to fit most budgets and styles.  The store also carries items like handmade purses and scarves all made by local designers.  There is also a rather interesting mish mash of funny and interesting books that make great gifts for the hard to buy for person. I like having a great place like Made in my neighborhood.  Businesses that support local artists will most definitely get my business, especially when the carry such fun and interesting products like this lovely boutique.
5	I adore everything about Made from the cute house to the creative jewelry and artwork for sale on the walls.  Plus, there is a door that connects to Eye Lounge (except on First Fridays).  The best part is that they sell all of the Fuzzy Balls line by Roy Wasson Valle, an awesome local artist.  I've never walked out of Made without buying something, even if it's just a pin or a notecard.  Luckily, it's close enough to my office that I can pop in at lunch, especially handy around the holidays since 95% of the gifts I buy come from here.Pop in, check it out...there is something for everyone.
2	While in Phoenix for a long weekend I read here on Yelp that I just couldn't miss MADE. Well, I checked the website for store hours and planned accordingly. We were staying in Scottsdale so planned to hit up downtown Phoenix and the boutique on Monday before heading back to San Diego. The website said it opened at noon on Mondays so we took our time getting breakfast and wandering about, which was neat since the neighborhood around the boutique is really interesting and has lots of great urban decay and murals and other funky little storefronts. Well, noon rolls around and they haven't opened yet. 12:15 rolls and no sign of life, so I call the number on the website. The recording says they open at 11 on Mondays, which made us wonder even more. So eventually we wander up to the door and see a tiny little note that says January hours: Wednesday-[whatever]. So needless to say, we were a bit irritated once we finally got on the road without having seen the inside of the place.The website and phone message didn't even match each other, but you'd think if you wanted customers to come to your store during business hours, you'd update at least one of them to let people know you weren't open half of the week that particular month. I give it 2 stars because what I could see through the window looked promising, but the lack of information dissemination was really disappointing.
3	Yes, it's totally crowed to the point of insanity on First Friday, but that's not the only time it's open.  The location is very convenient to the Roosevelt Row crawl, and the building is super cute.Lots of great local wares, clever books, and adorable cards.  I always see the PERFECT gift for whoever I'm shopping for - whether or not it falls into my price range?  Totally different story...Definitely a solid go-to spot if you're trying to find that perfect vegan cookbook, sweet-but-not-obnoxious baby onesie or little handmade card to say thanks to that friend who brought over an excellent bottle of wine to your last party but you forgot to tell her how totally awesome it was.
5	The BEST place to find any gift for any person. Baby? Hand-stitched onesie. Grandma? Candle or temp tattoos. Boyfriend? Book or shirt.Unexpected gifts, this shop is full of surprises. I really enjoy the small, meaningful collection of books they carry, as well as the selection of handmade jewelry.
4	Made just did some fancy remodeling, and I kinda love it.I also recently bought one of the t-shirts that are done by a local artist (he had some stuff at the 602 exhibit at the Phoenix Art Museum last year) and it is comfortable, unique, and was super reasonably priced.Also, the gals that work here are beyond delightful.  Like, on a scale of one to magnificent, they are 10's.
4	Fanciful boutique, never bores the eye with good finds in every medium, across all ranges from Etsy artists to fine jewelry, zine collection.A few faves: delicate copper/precious gemstone necklaces (Alex Ozers)one-of-a-kind, re-worked vintage clutches (Madalyn Nault)whimsical button jewelry (HeyCaryAnn)local, organic peppermint rosemary cold-press soap (Emelmahae)likely one of the best finds in the valley!
5	Made is one of the greatest things about my neighborhood.  This place has something for everybody and is priced very fairly.  I'm a huge fan of real stores in real neighborhoods and Made makes Roosevelt a great place to spend your time.
4	Small shop - but nice variety of unique items. Definitely worth a look. Wish it were ten times bigger because it was so much fun discovering all the different things!
4	I work downtown and today was my first venture over to Roosevelt.  I was looking for stationery and cards.  I found some great locally made cards with cat designs.  The have some unique recycled artwork and an array of jewelry, pottery and other accessories to fit most budgets.I especially enjoy a magnet that I bought showing a guy pointing a gas pump receptical to his own head.  It was timely seeing the price of gas.
5	I walked in the door and was greeted by some sweet little honey whose name I can't recall right now. And then after by Allison who did a photo op with my flat Stanley that I was taking around town to do this and that. This shop has a little of this and a little of that. A really cool Phoenix gift shop with unique and interesting little gifts that you're not going to find just anywhere. The people that work there are friendly and wonderful and are part of the eclectic little neighborhood that you find just east of third Street and just south of Roosevelt. A great find...! Go check it out and spend some money.
4	Love love love this boutique.  Unique gifts (that aren't cheesy like Urban Outfitters) and cute clothes.  A little pricey, but for the mix and the quality, its got a great collection.  The cards, magnets, and magazines are some of the best I've seen.  A huge fan.  Wish we had more downtown boutiques like this.   I hate having to drive all over the place for unique gifts for both my guys and gals.  This place solves all the problems!
5	This is the best place to find unique gifts and shop local!
3	Cool store!  I liked the up-and-coming and eclectic feel of the place, and liked the sock puppets, jewelry, notecards, ceramics, and other cool stuff you don't need but are happy to check out and maybe buy.  A nice place to go for a small gift or something...
4	If you want to get someone a unique and fun gift, this is one of the best places to find it. They have a pretty good selection of stuff, from home decor to baby clothes. Most of which is hand made and a lot of it is local. They also have a rack of really unique cards for birthdays and such. My favorite thing about made is their large selection of fun magazines. The gals who work here are also very sweet and helpful. They have some funny hours though, saying they open at noon but sometimes they're not there right on time. I've also seen them close at different times during the same week. I would just recommend calling before you head over so you can avoid having to wait outside.
4	Cute store with lots of unique gift ideas.  Though the only thing that I ended up buying was some hand sewn felt cat toys laced with organic catnip.  Is that weird?
4	Just stepping through these doors "made" my day - literally! Who would have thought that I drove past this little boutique on 5th street time after time and all along I was missing out on some of the best local finds around! I learned a little history about the house that Made calls home. Back in the day, it actually used to be home to a certain group that loves a narcotic that rhymes with whack, but that's in the past and now it's home to adorable decor and delightful finds. It even has a great art gallery in the back! I visited Made during the Yelp Shops Local Holiday Crawl and this time around, I did some serious window shopping. However, I plan on returning soon to purchase some finds. They have something for everyone at this little artsy boutique. They have baby clothes, grown-up clothes, bath items, stationary, knick nacks, little goodies so adorable they were probably made by Santa's elves, candles, locally made jewelery, unique cards, pet toys, handmade items like headbands and more. This is a store where you will most likely find something for anyone (even the most picky person) in your life. It's pretty reasonable pricing-wise and items range form a couple dollars to $50 and up. This is the perfect location to support local and find a unique gift for the hard-to-buy-for...and one that you most likely won't find anywhere else!
4	MADE is going to be my new stop for unique gifts and the occasional treat for myself.  The shop if filled to the brim with an eclectic selection of books, cards, jewelry, art, children's toys, pet toys, decorations, clothing and accessories.  If you have a few minutes to browse the wares offered in this adorable shop, you are guaranteed to find a gift for just about anyone!  Don't miss the gallery attached to the back of the shop.  It is small, but has some amazing pieces to ponder.
4	Fun, classy local stuff! I was drawn in by the metal sculptures outside, but do not think they were for sale.
5	This is such a fun place to come and find gifts that are not mass produced.  I love how unique the items are.
5	This place is packed full of great stuff from local artists.  Paintings, prints, t-shirts, buttons, magnets, dolls, salt n pepper shakers, and that's just to name a few!  Such a great place to get unique and completely rad gifts for your friends, family, or just yourself...and in such a clean, well lit, and welcoming cool spot!  There's already 20 things I want to buy from here, and my list keeps growing because there's always new stuff arriving! Thanks Made!
5	Very cute local art Boutique with tons of interesting artsy creations. I really enjoyed walking through the store and looking at everything. So many great ideas, and cool crafts to buy for decorating or gifting. I loved the vibe of the location, which is surrounded by small local stores in downtown Phoenix. Loved it and will definitely be back.
5	Cute, cute, cute. Seriously, did I mention cute? Great selection of quirky, locally made items and a friendly staff in this converted bungalow. Loved it. Will definitely be back
4	This place is super, duper, uber cute. They are only open at 12 every day as opposed to what it says on Yelp at 11 am though.This is a very cute boutique store with lots of Etsy items. They have shirts and jewelry and many things from local artists as well. This is a great place to buy pieces of small scale decor as well as medium to large sized posters. Also a great place for books (random books) and postcards! I totally recommend this place for souvenir shopping or just picking up random cute things for yourself!
