5	Of course, I went on opening night.......And it was crazy packed with Celebrities and hotness! We got in after a small wait (free of course) and they had Free drinks til midnight. The crowd was dressed to impress rocker status edgy and everyone was super chill with the exception of Brody Jenner who is a total tool.Gavin Rossdale did an acoustic performance of Glycerin (thanks Mike G!) which was so amazing i almost fell over with amazement! There were TONS and TONS of celebs from fighters to actors and artist. And the place is NOT THAT BIG people so you are constantly seeing the same people. Think.... House Party.... that's how small it is. You can't go to far. The bathrooms were clean, orderly and Unisex with male bathroom attendants in nice red button down shirts and black jackets.   They kind of looked like security which i think helps keep the peace in the potty. And they had all the goodies like mouthwash, hairspray, etc....They sweep the stall and then make sure its flushed before you enter. Nice. I almost forgot about that. So no unexpected presents in the toilet. Always a plus.The music was HOT! kept it live with old school and new school rock, good rock, real rock. Overall the most amazing time I've had in a million years. But it was opening night. I say, try it, you'll like it.
5	I went here on 7/20 since the line for Body English didn't move after 1.5 hours.  This place is definitely the place to hang and chill!  We stayed there until 5 AM in the morning.  When we arrived around midnight is was kind of empty, so we possibly got lucky with our waitress. I didn't get her name, but she has black hair and slender with a great personality.  She let us sit up in the VIP area and we just ordered drinks all night.  Myself and a few friends wanted cigars, so they offered to get them for us and also cigs. Whenever we needed a light they were always there to lend a hand.The staff overall was just totally cool, from the bouncers to all the waiters/waitresses and the bathroom staff.  I remember in the left corner these 2 guys had like 20 girls with them.  It was funny, because the 2 old guys just sat there while everyone around them was eating and drinking up a storm.  The funniest thing of the night was some poser went on stage and lip synced 2 songs.  One was Bon Jovi live on a prayer and the other was Ozzy Osbourne.  Now maybe he could have gotten away with possibly sounded like Bon Jovi, but not Ozzy.  Plus when he was trying to look like he was singing his mouth was too far from the mic.   One of our friends was like that guy rocks. They we told him to go watch up close. he was like that dude is a fuckin poser.  That guys performance was worse than when Ashley Simpson messed up on SNL.  His mic was reverbing like mad at times and his lips were still moving. So how does that work? hahaBut back to Wasted Space. This place is the place to go to chill and have a great time. Not only was our waitress extremely helpful and nice, but she was smoking hot too.
2	After reading about Wasted Space on the HRH website, my boyfriend and I were really anxious to check it out. The live music that night was Steed Lord... an electro house "band". I was disappointed that a self-proclaimed "anti-club" rock venue would feature a techno ensemble. The place was packed full of trendy hipsters. Clearly the emphasis here is on the fashion, not the music. Same elitist club-goer atmosphere, just different outfits. Not sure why I was surprised... the Madden brothers are Hart's business partners. Poseurs incarnate.Mixed drinks were about $8, and you call your booze. $10 cover, no wait.
3	how we ended up here when we were supposed to be gambling on friday night, i will never know. but 2 bottles later and we were wasted. i had a blast, but i'm not sure if it was the alcohol and company or if it was the actual club. Pink did an impromptu performance, along with Butch Walker (producer) and that rocked. And who remembers that "butterfly" song? It's old and was super catchy. Well, that guy was there and sang that. Carey Hart was there and I think I attempted a conversation, but i'm sure it sounded like a bunch of babble from a drunk chick! hahaIt was fun, I don't know if i'd come back and do the whole bottle service thing, but maybe. it was convenient to go to as it was in the hotel. :)
4	Went here for Hair Wars on Sunday night.  The DJs were awesome and played such a wide range of music!  Staff was super-friendly.Didn't see Cary Hart, which was a bummer.  I mean, he's single now, and I love the color pink, soooo.....
4	We came here for a SpyonVegas thing and I really dug the setup.  The DJ was pretty much playing everything I would've had I been up there from Megadeth to Deftones to GN'R.  Perfect for me.
4	I was in LV a few weekends ago and was going to Body English (which sucked by the way).  My friend in I got free drink passes to Wasted Space so decided to give it a try.  I was actually pleasantly surprised.  I liked the vibe and the crowd was not the standard club on the strip Vegas crowd.  The drinks were pretty strong and the staff was friendly.  If I was at the Hard Rock I would come here again. I don't know if I would take a cab from the strip to go here though- there are so many lounges on the strip that I'm not sure it is worth it.
3	Are you a hardcore rock music fan? Alternative/rock? IF SO, COME HERE! The music was was different -- no hiphop/pop/r&b but all straight alternative and rock. We came here after having found out that Body English was closed, so we decided to pay Wasted Space a visit. I thought it was called "a waste of space" which would be more accurate actually. At anyrate, drinks here are CHEAP! NO JOKE. I got two soco limes for $16. That's $8 a shot which is normal standards for any other city except Vegas. I was happy. It wasn't packed here by any means but I did notice that there were a LOT of dudes here...big long hair tatted out dudes.
4	Went to Wasted Space on a Thursday night.  The Sin City Sinners performed and special guest was Bruce Kulich (formerly of KISS).  Although I am not part of the KISS Army, I am a fan of rock-n-roll music.  This place delivered just that!Was not too crowded.  All ages, although believe the KISS name may have pulled in a few more aging rockstar wanna-be's than normal.The bathroom is co-ed.  In this case, it means a line for both guys and girls.  There was one bathroom attendant who was not so busy - since each and every guy that finished his business just walked right by the attendant and did not stop to wash their hands.  Perhaps this happens in every men's bathroom and I am just now privy to this knowledge ....Besides the restrooms, the place was pretty cozy.  Good dj in-between sets, Sin City Sinners totally "rock", and all the special guests were amazing, too!  Whenever I want to "rock out", this is the place I'd go.  For no cover charge, its worth checking out if you're in the area - especially on a Thursday night!
4	I've been aching for something different when a friend of mine invited me to Wasted Space at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino. The place has a great vibe and is thankfully different from the usual Las Vegas nightspots I've been to.All the staff I met were refreshingly unpretentious and down to earth. It was easy to get in the door--there was no line and none of this bullshit about asking what zip code I live in, what sign I am, or scanning my ID under the blacklight to see if it's real or not. And yes, all of these things have happened at other places around Vegas. The bartenders were friendly and the drinks were good and moderately priced out of the ridiculous range. Even the bathroom attendant was nice..but then again they're usually are the nicest ones in the whole place. The unisex bathroom did trip me out for a bit as I thought I'd erroneously wandered into the men's room. The guys at W.S. are just my type though and it would have been fun to sneak a peek at the goods but alas, there were no stand-up urinals so my fantasy went unfulfilled.The interior is pretty straightforward and you pretty much get a view of the whole place once you get in. The restrooms and stage are to the left, bars and floor to the right. Don't expect any ornate touches like million-dollar crystal chandeliers hanging from the ceiling or tables that double as cabanas because you'll be in the wrong place. Then again it is called Wasted Space...get it?I expected a live band but I was there on Industry Wednesday and the music format was mixed rock/alt.rock spun by a DJ. I befriended a guy who works there and I was very excited to hear that there is live music but just my luck...it's on other nights. Anyway it gave me a reason to come back again.If you're a fan of rock N roll and you are more the hats and tats type then you'll enjoy Wasted Space.
5	OH MY GAWD! I EFFIN LOVE THIS PLACE!!not to sound cliche, but it R*O*C*K*S*went for the after party post crue concert! saw the dopest band, voodoo glow skulls! can i just say that it's been forever AND an effin day since i've seen a new band that has hyped me up so much!i love this place, strong drinks, great fawking rock n roll dance music!hot go-go chickees! what more do you want b*tches?!!!??? yeah, i said it!yeah i'm hyped f*ckers!all i can say is, why isn't there a spot in l.a. like this? (and if there is and i just don't know, somebody PUH-LEESE hit me up!)i was shocked that it was a good time consideringthat it's been around for a while, usually clubs fall off within a year or so, but a big fat WOOOOOOOOOT!!!!!! for wasted space!
5	yes this place is awesome...when you go to vegas you want to 'go big' and get all glitzed, but after many a vegas trip, jeans and a wife beater with friends and not listening to top 40 sounds awesome.no staten island in the house tools here.  Friendly service, great music, very chill crowd, coed bathroom....all at the hard rock and a stones throw from mr luckys.  you cant go wrong....love this place...
4	If you're sick of going to mainstream mega clubs such as Pure, Jet, Ra, etc...listening to top 40 and hip hop...filled with tourist such as yourself.Then this is the place to be, live bands, alternative hard rock music, something Vegas is not known for.Owned by Carey Hart, good crowd, rock crowd, Roxy in Vegas
2	maybe this place is better when bands play. i was here for new years weekend, the place was kinda busy friday night & totally dead sunday (body english was packed the same night), same thing both nights, dj plays the usual mix you probably hear at any mainstream club, the "something for everyone" mentality, not what i was expecting from a place that touts itself as a rock and roll club. only reason i was here was cause i was staying at hrh and it looked like a cool club in line with the hard rock vibe. the door guy was the best thing about the place, super cool guy, remembered me from friday greeted me like an old friend on sunday. loose the lame dj, play some rock music... i'll re evaluate my review. if i want a trendy nightclub i'll go to body english.
4	What a breath of fresh air from the pulsating bass of most of the other clubs on the strip. The crowd here is unlike any other I encountered in Vegas. Went on a night when Steven Adler's Guns 'n Roses cover band was playing. They rocked. Good times. As for the juicy details:1. drinks: overpriced (duh)2. crowd: loud, passionate, and rockin' out hard3. decor: ROCK N ROLL BABY (again... duh)4. bouncers: dicks. not a fan. didn't have to pay cover though, so can't complain toooo loudly.
3	This place *does* rock!  I noticed a handful of probable musicians the other night as well as wannabe rockers (maybe because it was a Saturday?) that seemed to flock to this joint and thrive off of this.  I myself would've like to thrive off of the hot go-go dancers.  DJ played a lot of rock music that got the crowd singing along here and there and dancing everywhere.  Like most any bar, I liked the non-pretentiousness and dark yet high-strung atmosphere so make like Nirvana and "Come as You Are."  Bonus points if you're a rocker.
5	This place is totally so freaken awesome...I will say it.. IT FUCKEN ROCKS, so we got in late Friday from our flight and by the time we checked into our hotel, showered and got ready to go out it was past midnight.. too late for any of the guestlist I got on. So we decided to hit hardrock hotel,Not for Body English I hate that club but to at least gamble and look at eye candy.. I had no idea WASTED SPACE was at this hotel, it sounds like the place to be from just walking past. It only cost $ 10 to get in and the drinks are a reasonable price. This place totally rocks with the music, the people, and the girls dancing up on the balconies only thing I didn't like was the unisex bathroom, other then that I fucken love this place and will be coming back often to rock out at this joint again and again.
2	This place is trying way to hard to be cool, and it's just not. I was expecting some really edgy metal or some kind of band that pushed the limit. What I got was one of the dudes from Faster Pussycat singing Van Halen medleys. I can get that crap at any corner bar in Cleveland. Drinks are ok, not super expensive - maybe I went on a bad night but I would find drunk people at a dive bar more entertaining than this place. Wasted Space sums it up.
4	A group of girls and I had free bottle service through a promoter, but I'll try to review it objectively and not let the free vodka taint my opinion. When I first walked in, I hated it. It was all wood - wood paneling, wood floors, and had this weird "fake" neighborhood bar type feel to it. It didn't feel exclusive, or like a club at all. THEN I started to fall in love with it. It has a totally different vibe than Tryst or Jet or Pure. It felt laid back, it felt unpretentious, it felt more casual. Our bottle service was great, but I probably wouldn't get bottle service here on my own dime. I think Wasted Space being sort of "anti" club sort of makes the bottle service silly. I'd come here when I want to feel relaxed and blend in and just dance. Not when I'm wanting to feel special or "exclusive". Music was good. I liked all the rock music, but I was irritated that several songs they played for 20 seconds or less. The crowd was a bit more "punk" than other clubs - more mohawks, more t-shirts. Not as much Ed Hardy, thank goodness! It seemed everyone was just relaxing and enjoying the music - it didn't seem as though there were as many people trying to be "cool". Loved the Gogo dancers. They were HOT and totally sweet. One of them yelled to our group of girls and had us pass her our camera so we could get a really cool group shot. I for one actually really liked the Co-Ed bathrooms. The janitor/attendant dude wiped down the stall everytime a dude used it before a chick. I didn't have to wait more than 5 minutes (I've waited 20+ at Tryst before), and if you're so inclined.. the bathroom line could prove to be a great flirting opportunity. Overall I'd definitely go back. I loved the casual bar meets club vibe and the chill crowd.
4	I had no idea what to expect when we went to Wasted Space - which was by surprise actually. I thought we were going to Body English! Instead, we walk into this bar/lounge/mini club that has a Cowboy Rock & Roll vibe.  And the BEST PART about this place.....was that the drinks were CHEAP!!!!!!  (cheap for Vegas standards)  I bought 4 drinks and only paid $40....$10 a drink? WTF? I wondered if it was a mistake hahaha.
2	Honestly in my opinion this lil place isnt all the HYPE it claims to be. Dont get me wrong its owned by Mr. Hart, but I think just by the ownership ALOT of people think  its cool.Its a small place. There's a HUGE line you have to wait in...then once you get through in the first set of doors,  you'll have to pay your way in. Then one is lucky if you can find a seat. I will admit the Decor is nice, the sound is good. Booze? Ha, you might as well get drunk in the casino vs what they charge for drinks here.
4	I have gone to this club at least once each week since I have found it. The music is great, the drink specials are great, entry price is reasonable, it's not too big, the bartenders are nice, I always seem to be able to move around and dance even when it's crowded, the crowd is pretty good and the best thing about it? It's NOT on the strip. There is no place at all to lock a bike up to around the hotel. However, I wouldn't imagine riding a bike for a night out in a dance club.
5	Sin City Sinners - can I be your groupie? Or Band Aid a la Almost Famous?LOL Seriously though, don't call them a cover band - you have your original stuff, and happen to jam and rock out to songs that the whole crowd already knows and appreciates. OK I know, pretty damned long euphemistic explanation for why you make me remember how much I dreamed as a teen that I would marry a rockstar. Yup - even had a poster of Glen Danzg on my wall through HS. When I walked into here with the hubs, I thought - SWEET! The DJ is playing Lunch Box (Marilyn Manson - haven't heard that since I saw them tour with Danzig and Korn in 95!). We came here because hubby forgot his shoes (yes, that's what happens when you are married to someone who learned to swim within 3 months of walking, and has surfed for over 2 decades - you live with seeing him in Sunday best at church and a pair of rainbows on).  And because we wanted to get our boogie on to celebrate his bday.Yelp to the rescue - and even typed in no dress code in the filter. :D Nice to hear that Carey Hart titled this his idea of an "anti-club" - for people who just want to rock ;) yeah, too old to C-Walk sometimes I think, so throwing up the horned fist to the beat is my idea of fun on occasion. I went to my old stand by to get us on VIP (MSG me if you are interested it's just a link away), and made plans to try out Ago inside the Hard Rock before checking out the scene. This place has to be a music chameleon's idea of what it's like to play your iTunes for all your friends in an intimate setting - pure heaven :DBy chameleon I mean - I'm the kind of gal who played violin for several years, was in 3 different choirs all 4 years of high school, whose first concert was White Zombie/Pantera, and when I am having a bad day, will listen to Keep Yo Head Up by Tupac. Anyways, the night already started well with that first impression, not to mention no cover for guys or gals if you are on VIP. Walked up to the bar, and despite how busy it seemed, flashed a big toothy grin at the hottie blonde bartender, and she sauntered over, got us our vodka cran and Crown & Coke within 3 minutes of us standing there. (Less than $20 for both - DAMN that's a steal!!)Took a step back and people watched the crowd - pretty good mix - From AZNS, to Bikers, to drunken barely 21ers, and just everybody who seemed to be waiting for their friend to come back out and "play".Imagine our pleasant surprise to find these guys on stage after a few songs. The crowd was zapping electricity - and know we know why. These guys were amazing! They had such a wide range of vocals between the 2 guitars, and bass player. From Beastie Boys, to Rush (as requested by Kevin Federline) to KIIS. Best part - the Drummer from Pantera Vinnie Paul was there. I practically crawled to him in awe ready to do a classic we're not worthy Wayne's World chant...but prolly not very nice to my hubby on his bday night to show how much of this kind of effect a Rockstar has on me. C'mon! Dime Bag Darrell's older bro? My first concert had my panting for my Anselmo and Pantera.... I guess Vinnie is actually kind of a regular here and often plays with the band. Overall, this place was so worth the trip to see not only a great set, but great diverse group, stiff drinks for not totally crazy Vegas "non-gaming" prices, and to see what Carey Hart had in mind when he said anti-bar. Truthfully, it is still a club/bar with the majority of the perimeter containing VIP tables/areas, etc.Definitely will come back here to see another Sin City performance or other band play - the intimate space allows for a guaranteed night of temporary indulgent hearing loss and auditory excitement.
4	This place is great! The music is great!I came here on a Thursday night of 4th of July weekend and it was amazing.
4	This is a great place. The music is right up our alley, where else can you find a metal/hair band club but Vegas?We were there on a Thur night and caught Sin City Sinners. They were very entertaining and sounded very good. The co-ed bathrooms were very well maintained with someone cleaning the stalls as you left them.
3	so..wasted space.. the 1st time was so much fun, the 2nd time was too, then by third time I was not drunk enough yet to realize a pattern. They play the same songs on a loop. Can I DJ there too? I have a playlist on my computer too...which is what the "DJ" uses...WHATS UP I TUNES!! the live drummer with forementioned "DJ" is fun but when you go there and it is the same loop as last weekend, and the weekend a few months ago... I mean come on!! Service is half and half. Excellent when I get a bottle but when I am not... I find it easier to leave and get a drink at the side bar, of course you can not bring it back in..for whatever reason. At any rate, it is ok, but not on my top 10 places to go out to.
1	Wasted Space....more like a Wasted Time!  These guys are thieves.  We were there Sunday night for a concert that THEY oversold.  They took our fifty dollars to get in and NEVER let us in.  If we didn't like it, we could take it up with the fire marshal.  STAY AWAY, it isn't even NEAR the strip!!!!!
3	I'm not exactly sure how I feel about this place. We hadn't planned on going there but after a massive FAIL at getting into Vanity, we somehow ended up here. There was a slight cover (I think about $10). However, if I knew there was a $40 entrance and all you can drink pass, I would've forked that over because drinks ran about $10 each. It was a Saturday night and it was somewhat packed. The place reminds me of a cross between a lounge and a back alley. When I first walked in there was a go-go dancer up on a partition against the back wall. But when she left, no one replaced her for the rest of the night.The bathroom is unisex which threw me for a loop at first. I imagine it could get gross for women unless there is someone constantly cleaning because my male brethren tend to get a bit too liberal with forgetting to lift up the toilet seat and peeing all over the lid especially when drunk.The reason I don't know how I feel about this place is because the thing that made it awesome was that a group called 51Fifty was playing. After some research, I found out that they play every Wednesday and Saturday, and I would recommend going to see them. If it's any other day of the week though, I'm not sure I would.
1	the place is cool, and the girls who work there are hot, but the staff is EXTREMELY unprofessional and disrespectful. after my experience this past weekend, i will never visit this place again, and it's my duty to make sure others know of the bullshit that goes on in this place. the security guards straight up kicked us out of our table because they "resold it" without telling us, and when we asked them about it, the security guards tried to chest up on me like they were some sort of tough guys. they said "if you didn't buy another bottle, then you give up the table" even though they NEVER offered us the opportunity to get another bottle, or let us know that that was the deal. the promoter who set us up, tommy, said he "didn't know" that was how it worked after we complained to him. i'm not sure if he actually expected us to believe that obvious BS, and if so, the kid obviously doesn't know shit about his line of business. stay away from this place and the scumbags who work here and promote it.
4	Came here with free guest passes from the promoter with the mohawk (Jason, was it?) after the Los Lonely Boys concert in the pool area in August of '09.  It was a cool place to chill after a day in the sun and swimming through the concert.  It was definitely packed and did their job at checking IDs.  A young one I was with couldn't get in.Inside, passageways seemed a bit narrow but the girls and I were able to find a booth to chat away from the madness.  We spent $10/drink and prepare to dress and look your best, photographers will be taking your photo.
3	I really liked the music, rock/alternative. There was a go-go dancer that kept our attention the entire night, she was HOT! lol The dance floor is TIIIINNNYYY and it was super crowded when we went... Not to mention that they sell drinks right where people are dancing so people are bumping into you when you're ordering a drink. I thought that it was just a wee bit strange.The only thing about this club, which seems to be a theme with Hard Rock clubs here in Vegas, is that it was Sausageville alllll up in there! We were one of 3 groups of girls, put it this way, we didn't have to wait in line in the restrooms, the ladies know what I'm talking about!!!
2	I can see how this would be a great place if some awesome rock band was playing and you were sitting in one of their VIP booths, but unfortunately that was not the case the weekend of our visit.The first time I came here it was just for drinks before going to Vanity, it was still slightly empty while we were ushered to our booth.  The hostess was far from pleasant and ignored orders being requested.  She completed the minimal of what was needed for a VIP host and nothing further.The second time we came that weekend it was better but midway through our stay they were not pleased that we were not ordering any more bottles and made it rudely clear.  Since the scene wasn't anything worthy of our presence, we left.The place isn't that big, and I agree the bar is not in the most convenient place.  Not sure I'd come back here, even if there was a good band playing, I'd probably just sit at the bar right next door and listen from there. Meh...
4	This club deserves a 3.5 but I will give it a 4 because I have had a lot of good times here.  Probably been here 5 times, and one of the times I met Ron Jeremy and Chelsea Charms (lady with tits as big as watermelons), another night I went here and met Chuck Lidell and he was sitting right outside the club on the slot machine next to the club and I chatted it up with him for a while and then he gave me his slot machine full of credits and I played for about 5 mintues and then cashed out and used the winnings to buy all you can drink wrist bands for me and the girls I was with.  Man we got wasted in this place, wasted space, and had a kickass time, its pretty small but I like it they have good music and a chill vibe, everyones really friendly no stuck up yuppies here everyones down to earth Rock chill fun just wanna get drunk and  rock and roll.  I like this place a lot too many good memories!
3	Enjoyed a Saturday night here. Not as spacious as one might hope from the name, but found the dancing fun and low-key. Unpretentious mostly female clientele (not a lot of wannabe VIPs) of various shapes and sizes, and very beautiful female employees who are a lot nicer looking than the trashy go-go dancers in the Hard Rock Casino outside. Drinks are fairly cheap because it's off-strip. Liked the music but WILL SOMEONE PLEASE RESTRAIN THE GUY WHO CONTROLS THE STROBE LIGHTS?
4	I finally made it!!! This is now by far my favorite bar in Las Vegas!!!! The ambiance alone makes the bar what it is. Everybody there is too party, and party right! The only thing that I got annoyed with is that it was hard to escape the unwanted male....there really wasn't anywhere to hide. Music could have been more rock n roll....but I didn't care. Hopefully the next time I am there, Carey Hart will be there as well.
3	Not even sure this place deserved 3 stars. The drinks were outrageously over priced. There is no cups of water but they will gladly sell you a micro size bottle for 5 dollars!I only came here to watch my boys MxPx rock out last weekend. They put on  great concert and it was nice that it was super small and we were practically able to touch Mike and Tom. My one complaint was how the venue went Nazi style over mosh pit. You could barely bounce around to the music without a security dude coming over to warn you that any kind of moshing would result in immediate ejection. They ruined the fun.The only way I would come back here would be if it was for another awesome band. Just remember to drink it up in your hotel room before you stagger down because 15 bucks for a captain and coke is retarded...even for Vegas.
5	Have I mentioned how much infinitely better this joint is than the rest of Las Vegas? Oh, I have? Well then let me say it again..... The people here are SO much nicer (crowd-wise) the music is SO much more diverse, and everyone seems to just be having FUN as opposed to trying to look cool
5	Came here with Jessie B & our hubbys. Did the VIP thingy. Was very nice. We saw one of my favorite bands from Florida, Genitortures. They were amazing..not the best show..it usually borders on X rated and they for some reason toned it down for this venue.I can't find a single complaint about Wasted Space. It is a shame it will be closing.
5	better than any club where people are trying to look good. you'll be missed.
