3	3.5 stars.A friend of mine frequents this place which looks like any other nail shop in a strip mall - which it is.  That said, I wish it was easier to just walk in.  The place never seems particularly packed but for some reason they make it known that they prefer you to have an appointment.  Rarely do I both with a manicure as I tend to keep my nails polish free and super short - pulling boxes in and out of the trunk of my car all day long would destroy a manicure in minutes - but since I was traveling back East to be in a wedding I had to have one done.  In the rare case that I do get a mani, I always opt for the pale polishes offered by Essie.  Nail Couture is much like many other nail places that I have come across out here that tend to be OPI devotees.  I was a bit disappointed but found a color that would suffice and settled in for the mani which in itself was fine.  The manicurist kept pushing me to get a french manicure which she kept telling me - repeatedly - was "more elegant".  I stuck to my guns and didn't go for it.  The pedi was quite relaxing and the massage chairs are brand new.  I appreciated the new set of tools being unwrapped in front of me.  I was treated to a lengthy foot massage which was pretty darn amazing.  When all was said and done, my mani/pedi and eyebrow wax came to $50 - not awful - but be sure to bring cash for a tip since they won't allow you to add it to your bill.  My mani looked great for the better part of a week and my toes held up for almost 3.  Not bad considering that I am on my feet for a good portion of the day.Overall a pretty decent little nail shop in the area but I am still on the hunt.
4	this place has to be the biggest ripoff every. I had a man give me and my sister a full set and was talking trash about his co-workers. A regular walked in to schedule an apt, the minute she left he began to talk trash about her too! He was very unprofessional, was a bit rough with my hands. The corners of my fingernails were bleeding. He asked what i been getting charged for my nails and added $20 extra. Total rip-off in a horrible area. save yourself and go somewhere else!
4	Do I get the fanciest mani or pedi here? Not so far but I've been here several times and Cindy is pretty awesome. Last July she treated my 9 year old like a princess for her birthday. Today I walked up at 3:30 not realizing they closed at 3 on Sunday. They were cleaning up to go home and she stayed to give me a much needed pedicure. so,  I'll definitely come back. It's conveniently located because I prefer third Fry's to other grocery stores in the area too.
2	The most upsetting set of Acrylic Gels nails I have ever paid 50.00 for.  Staff is non communicative to my needs and or requests. Glued 5 tips to my actual finger, and when they went to file, they pretty much ripped them apart causing me to bleed.Acrylic was thick, uneven, lumpy, crooked, you name it. Gel was lumpy and uneven. They painted the nails the wrong colors and hd to start over - again that non communication!!And their other customers are pretty rude too.No,  will not return.
