5	Restaurants don't appear to stick around very long on this little section of Green St., so I'm hoping this place stays. There are other places you could go to for Mexican food that are closer to campus, but everything here is so fresh and yummy, not to mention you'd be supporting the nice guys who run the place.
4	I'm surprised this place isn't more popular. It's a bit more expensive than campus-favorite Dos Reales, but it is worth it. I personally love the tacos. The meat is delicious and wonderfully spicy and the tortillas are homemade. I highly recommend the chorizo. Dine-in is marred by the presence of a TV set to annoying Univision shows, so consider take-out.
5	i went to visit my brother and went to eat their and it is the best food that i have ate in champaign the meat is the best the service is good its authentic i live out in chicago i like to go just to go eat their insteand of visiting my brother
4	So I've decided that El Charro, Los Amigos and El Torero will be my hold-over until I can go back to Los Angeles/San Diego--land of taco trucks, places ending in -ertos, and un lugar donde puedo hablar en espanol, damnit--for Christmas.  Amigos is pretty chill.  I had a delicious Torta Milanesa (Pollo), with just the right amount of cheese, avocado, and chicken.  The staff was quite friendly, and the while the service was slow, my torta DID come with a free Coke.  And my standards are occasionally low, so that garnered its fourth star.  I'll probably have to reassess after a second and third visit, but so far I haven't been let down.
3	Los Amigos has the best tortas in Champaign. But the atmosphere is boring. It is better to order delivery, they arrive in a decent amount of time. Service is bland, don't look for a friendly face just order and eat. The food makes up for the lack of everything else.
4	Los Amigos is the best Mexican place around Green Street. They're not amazing but way, way better than the other fare. I have had only tortas and burritos but their meat is very quality; the chicken burrito I had today was pretty perfect, just the right balance of juicy chicken to avocado, rice, sour cream, and beans. The chorizo isn't amazing and I really wish they had carnitas; Fiesta Cafe is like the only place in Chambana that has it.The only problem with this place is that it's sort of expensive, relative to how much food you get (the burritos are maybe 30% smaller than La Bamba's, say) and the room itself is crowded and uncomfortable. The last couple times I've been there it seems like their air conditioning is broken. I would either order pick up or just get food to go.
4	One of my favorite places to eat for Mexican food in Champaign. All of their menu items are great and the staff is really friendly. Great eats whether sober or late night eats after going out.
4	Place was great! Food and service were solid. Good portions and authentic items, too. It's worth the drive if it's out of the way for you or if you're in the area.
