5	I love Which Wich!  I have written a review on the one located in the park road shopping center.  When I saw the sign go up for Which Wich coming to Rivergate, I was so excited that I could have them more often!  We went to WW yesterday for lunch and they were busy, I believe the second or third weekend to be open.  While all of the WW we have been to are small and cramped, this one seems to have a little more space and more outside seating which is a plus.I love their process of ordering.  It may seem overwhelming if you have not been, but you pick a bag based on the meat or specialty sandwich you want.   Once you select the bag you mark everything you want, put your name on the bag, and hand it to the cashier.  They will then call you up to get your sandwich in your bag.Yesterday I got my favorite, the buffalo chicken and Kevin got the gyro.  Both were great.  I love how they have plenty of options compared to the standard sub shop.  Also, their shakes are good - have had the Oreo shake before.Two Complaints:They seemed over staffed, which is good for the sandwich making crew, but they had 4 people on the floor to help out those coming in with questions and to check on people eating.  I really did not need to be checked on 4+ times while having a Wich.  I think once the newness dies down, they can have the proper number working.  They have a loyalty card for getting so many wiches and then you get one free at all of the other locations.  We finished one last time at another location, but they did not have any out at this location to start a new one.
5	This was my first experience at the Which Wich and I was favorably impressed. Two things a sandwich shops needs, a. be organized b. have a great tasting sandwich. Which Wich scores on both. You grab a bag, and fill out the type of sandwich you want, what bread, toppings you want, etc. Then hand it to the cashier and wait for the sandwich. They were pretty busy, but the line was moving and they had plenty of seating. a. Organized. Check.The topping selection was very wide, much more than typical. And for the sandwich taste?... Excellent. I had a Turkey on wheat, hot, with hummus spread, avocado, tomato, spinach. A small was plenty large for me. This was an excellent tasting sandwich. b. Check.My daughter got a turkey club, and and vanilla milkshake. Also excellent. I also got the house chips. They were crunchy, not greasy, and spicy with just the right amount of salt and pepper.
5	Just had the Reuben sandwich on wheat. Outstanding! Surpasses subway by leaps and bounds. And the bread compliments the ingredients as it should. Really good quality ingredients.
2	So far, not a fan...  In their defense, I tried them not long after they opened.  Maybe they were still working out the kinks.  I had heard from friends that the food was great, so we wanted to try them.  Tried to order online, but the newish store was not in the online ordering system yet.  So in I went...  Was unpleasantly surprised that I had to write my own order down.  Wouldn't normally be such a bad thing, but trying to wrangle a 1 year old and fill out order bags for 4 subs was NOT fun...  Then I stood and waited for a half hour (not exaggerating) while they made our subs and there were only 4 people ahead of me in line.  With at least 6 employees making subs, that seemed like a very long time.  Again, factor in the impatient 1 yr old...  They called one of my son's subs out, then three other people, which didn't make sense, since I watched them hang our entire order together.  When I finally had our order and got home, I discovered that there were 6 things incorrect on my sub (including my meat choice), which seems very odd considering that the ingredients are written right on the bag that they are stuffing the sub into...  Bread was stale-ish.  the other ingredients, although not what I ordered, seemed to be good quality.
4	Once you get past the strange (but really clever) ordering system, Which Wich makes for a really yummy sandwich. It's not hard and once you get it, it makes a lot of sense.Step 1. Figure out which protein you want in your sandwich. Pork, Turkey, Beef, Chicken, etc.Step 2. Grab the appropriate bag and a marker.Step 3. Work your way down the bag, x'ing off which cheese you want, what sauces you want, what veggies you want, hot or cold, extra meat. All of that is SO FLIPPING CLEVER. And you do it at your own pace.When it's done, write a name at the bottom. Now, you could be normal and boring, writing your own name. Yeah, that's been done. But be outstanding and put something smart like "Voldemort" or "Darth Vader" or "Bruce"!A few minutes later, your sandwich is ready. Exactly as you ordered it and wrapped up ready to go. Love it!
3	Sandwiches are good. Lots of choices. Good bread. The drawback here is that it is slow. Slooooowwww......  Not sure if this is typical of all Which Wich locations or just this one. I've been twice and will only come back at off times to avoid a very long wait for an okay sandwich.
5	What a different concept to a Sandwich shop!Same steps as other places but you just fill out the bag of what you want!So many choices awesome!Fresh and timely. Staff was very friendly and helpful.Will be back because have way more sandwiches to eat!
1	I tried this location again. I really like the concept, but the execution is so bad. There was no one ordering ahead of us and not too many people already seated when I got there early on a Sunday evening for four sandwiches to go. Given that I live less than 5 mins away, I went ahead and ordered the sandwiches hot. Rookie mistake. If WW had a system where all sandwiches were ready at/near the same time, I could have made it home with four hot sandwiches. Place order, wait 7/10 mins and first order is called. Several minutes later two sandwiches go to a previously sat table. Several minutes later two more of my sandwiches. Long wait, two items to people who ordered after me. Then my last sandwich. So, 10 or more mins after my first sandwich, we received our last one. Of course, sandwich one is pretty much cold by then. I don't understand how their system is customer friendly. Even if you eat in, who wants to sit and stare at their food for 10 minutes while the rest of the table waits?  I have seen this all three visits. Done with Which Wich unless maybe I'm alone, starving and it's the only place around.
2	Similar to subway, jimmy johns, it's a chain.  No chain should get above a 2 in my opinion.  The ordering system is lame.  The sandwiches are normal for a chain.The selection of vegetables is pretty thin.  It's a lousy sub that mushes in your mouth.
