5	I got a flat tire the other night and with the help of a Yelper, heard about this place. I've lived in Charlotte for four years and have passed this location by many a times (at Park and Scott) but never knew it was there since I usually just spot the car wash and gas station at that corner. I took my friends recommendation to heart and headed there this morning to get a new tire. They were quick, courteous and fun people with reasonable prices and have a shuttle if you want to go home instead of waiting. I was in and out of there and will be going back for future car maintenance needs as I love good service and like supporting local businesses. Just an FYI, they open at 7A on Saturdays but the car techs don't get there until 8A.
5	I found Summerfield on Angies List when I first moved here and have been going there ever since for all car needs.  I always feel great when I leave, never feeling like they are trying to take advantage of the blond who doesnt know a cupholder from a carburator.  Today I went because my tire has been losing a little air and when the verdict came up that the stem was leaking I was pretty surprised.  I had had the valve stems replaced at this same location last year.  As soon as I mentioned this to the sweet staffer he just handed me my keys.  No charge!  Summerfield makes you feel as though you are not handling a chore but instead visiting some buddies that happen to know a thing or two about cars!  Thanks guys!  :-D
4	Being from out of state, I was reluctant to get anything done on my car when I moved to Charlotte and found myself wishing thatI could have my car towed 15 hours back to the garage I went to in Rhode Island...Anyway, I've had some very minor "work" done on my car and have been to Summerfield twice.  Once for an inspection, and once for an oil change and quick diagnostic.  I know absolutley nothing about cars, other than how to drive a stick shift and how to pump gas...so was definitely worried about being screwed over.After I got my oil change (which I had put off doing for several months) the guy at the front desk said that everything looked great - I was a little nervous about a weird noise my car had been making, but evidently it was nothing serious.  They topped off the windshielf wiper fluid too.I'll definitely come back, though hopefully I won't have to for anything serious :)
1	I took my car here because it was overheating.  I paid $45 for a coolant pressure test to see where the problem was and left my car overnight so they could have time to work on it the following day.  They called the following morning to let me know that the top radiator hose had ruptured, and the bottom needed to be replaced, along with the thermostat (from the car overheating.)  They quoted me $595!!!!!!!! Both radiator hoses for my vehicle run LESS THAN $20 each and the thermostat is around $30.  I called about 5 other auto mechanics, one of which is a specialist in my car, and was told that their quote was absolutely absurd.  I was told by EVERY other mechanic that I called that the labor to replace both hoses and the thermostat is less than 2 hours.  Every other mechanic I talked to also quoted me at less than $300 (less than $250 at some) to do the exact same work.  I have no idea what they are thinking here but I would not take my car here.  The only nice thing I can say is that they were very nice upon my initial arrival and also gave me a ride home so i wouldn't have to sit and wait on my husband to get off work.  I don't know if they quoted me this price because I am a young blonde female or because they just over quote everybody by double what the cost should actually be.  On a side note, I am changing the radiator hose myself today for $15.00 (the cost of the hose) and all I need is a screwdriver.  I might look like a dumb blonde but I know how to replace a rubber hose for less than $600.
1	I drove my car to this shop because it was overheating all of the sudden and it was the closest garage in between my home and work.  I told them that the car was running hot and that also when it was sitting idle that it was revving it's own engine (both of those problems had just started that morning).  I also told him that sometimes when the car shifts from a lower gear to a higher gear it jumps a little.  They called me later that day to tell me that I had a crack/leak in my radiator (that is where all my coolant had gone and cause the car to overheat) and that I would need to completely replace the radiator.  Also they said that since my car had overheated (even though I only drove it 2 miles in that condition) it had melted the "thermo valve".  All of this they told me would cost $1,075 to fix.  My car is a 1997 Honda Prelude so even though I love the car I was a bit hesitant at the thought of spending so much on such an old vehicle and thought maybe it was time to start looking at trading it in.  But, my gut told me to call my regular garage (which specialize in Hondas and Acuras, the only reason I didn't go there in the first place was because it was a lot further than I wanted to drive the car while it was overheating) and see what they would charge for the repairs.  I told them exactly what Summerfield had told me and they said they would only charge $520!!!!  Less than half of what Summerfield was going to charge me.  I told Summerfield that I was going to have it towed.  They made me pay $98 for the diagnostic since I wasn't having them repair my car.  I asked my other garage what they would have charged someone for a diagnostic without getting the repairs done and they said $35 (so again, charging more than double the going rate).  Once my regular garage had a chance to look at my vehicle they called to tell me that there was no leak/crack in the radiator at all, that they had been testing it all day and that the only thing they saw was a very slow leak in a radiator hose which is probably where my coolant had been leaking from for months.  But I did not need a new radiator.  And, they also said that in their 32 years of working on Hondas that they had never seen a melted thermo valve from an engine overheating and that mine was in fact fine.  He did flush my transmission and put new fluid in as well as fixed the leaky radiator hose and did and oil change.  I was out of there for $140!  And the owner also personally showed me how to check the levels on all the fluids in the car, something that no other garage has ever even offered to do.  I told Summerfield about all of this and asked that they at least refund the $98 for the diagnostic fee since they were clearly trying to take advantage of a young female (or possibly all their customers in general) by trying to charge me more than double and also by suggesting unnecessary repairs.  They wanted me to bring my car back in to be looked at again, and when I did not (for obvious reasons) they refused to refund my money.  My car is running like new again, and for way cheaper than what Summerfield was going to charge!
1	Very disappointed. Was quoted double the price for what several other garages charged for the very same service!   Have given them business for years but convenient location, friendly staff and a ride to and from work is not enough value for me to continue to pay double the price for service and parts.  Wouldn't suggest them to anyone unless they are willing to throw money away just to be treated friendly!Politeness should be a given, not part of the outrageous cost.
