3	So on my recent visit to Phoenix,i stayed at this small Hotel/Motel, i would have to say it is a Hotel,but other Super 8's are labeled Motels,so who knows.Anyhow, i booked a room here for a good price, where other hotels were more expensive, this one was okay. The staff is polite and the rooms are clean, maybe a bit out dated, but comfortable non the less.The area is close to a K-Mart, and it may not look like the right spot, but a Motel 6 is right next to it, i would say a old part of Phoenix.I would not mind staying in this hotel/motel again if i am in the area visiting since it has good rates and is in just off the 17 Highway and close to most things.
3	It's not that expensive, and the rooms are decent. I like the bed, I like the pool/hot tub, and I love the quality of the wi-fi. This is where I go to get away from it all. It's pretty impossible to find on a GPS, so no one can come bother me unless I want them to. It's nestled in an awkward nook of the I-17, and my first trip here was a frustrating experience because of it. Not their fault, though, so whatevs. At least reservations take no more than two minutes to make.In any case, this area looks kind of shady. The outside looks a little run down, and I see huge 18-wheelers parked everywhere. Those are for the Motel 6 next door. Suckers.Long story short: This is a decent place. Time to snack on my free breakfast. =)
3	This review is for 06/11/2011. I haven't been far from home in a long time and being in Phoenix got my mind jump started. Yes, I love Los Angeles, but with Phoenix or Arizona, in general, a lot of the stress was off of me. Time to get some rest at the Super 8 Metro North. The location of Super 8 is on the west side of the 17 Freeway and on the intersection of Northern and Black Canyon Highway. It is located next to a K-Mart and I forgot which other hotel/motel. The entrance to the motel is a little complicated since its on a way one way street. There are staff members on-call if you do arrive late which I was. You'll have to use the night window since I guess its a safety issue or an area issue.I checked in and the process was pretty fast since my reservation was already on file. Just gave my ID and Credit Card for any incidental charges. I was assigned Room #245 which was located on the corner upstairs, and overlooking the pool. I got to my room and it was a nice, decent room. I didn't see much of any defects or major problems. It was home for just a day. The first thing I did when I got to my room...GET SOME ICE. It was 80 degrees in the late night/early morning. Geez...I knew then that it was going to be a very hot day. The hotel has a dedicated room for ice vending with soda and snack machines. There was supposed to be a lock on it for Members only, but, apparently, it was broken and anyone can walk in. This location also provides Free Wi-Fi and I was able to write just one review from my room. A Yelp Commitment!! I rarely used my room since I was in and out a lot. I took a shower when it did get hot, but the heat in Phoenix was different. 100+ temperatures was not even hot. If you go to Los Angeles, it is unbearable. I am starting to love Phoenix. The television is not bad, but I am not expecting to be having a flatscreen anyways. The basic toiletries (soap, shampoo, and etc.) are provided. Plus, they have a lot of towels. Its either from all the sweat you made or all the time you spent in water. I had an amazing time in Phoenix and I hope to come back again. I have never felt so damn relaxed in a long time. I checked out late Sat/early Sunday morning and I felt like I was already home. I have a bunch of other reviews to write about and you'll have to connect the dots on my reviews. I am home and I am on the works to find my way back to Phoenix. The Yelp Universe. Where are you traveling today?
3	Clean room, basic, no frills, nice pool & spa, friendly staff, no extra incidental deposit, hard to get to the 1st time (enter from K-Mart parking lot). I'd stay here again.
5	Very nice room.  clean, and fresh.  would stay here again.
3	Please keep in mind that this is a cheap hotel!  People always talk crap about cheap hotels and it pisses me off.  Yes the hotel is not the best but you get what you pay for.  Anyhow, we arrived after midnight on a sold out weekend and were happy to see our reservation was held.  The rooms were large and clean and that is all you can ask for from a place like this.  Easy access to the freeway was nice as well.
1	I gave this one star because Yelp wouldn't let me post my review without rating this hotel. My boyfriend and I recently drove cross country. We drove from Jacksonville, Fl to Los Angeles, CA. We picked 7 cities to stop in while driving. Phoenix was one of the cities we stopped in. This hotel was the worst hotel we stayed in. The area seemed very sketchy. When we checked in we saw signed saying that the area was patrolled by Phoenix Police. When we went to take our stuff to a room, we noticed some sketchy people hanging around. The door to where the ice machine was locked and we had to use our key to get in there.  I am glad we only stayed one night here. If I ever come to Phoenix to visit I will not be staying here.
1	This hotel sucks. If I could give it a 0 I would. The hotel was in a unique area of town. There were some weirdos near the hotel. I saw people just hanging around and stuff. I also saw a lady just posted up. She was looking at every care riding past. She was either trying to get some drugs or looking to turn a trick. The room also sucked and had a big sign that said MAKE SURE YOU LOCK YOUR DOORS. I was ready to get out of there. Thank god we left at 5 30 the next morning.
1	Yes, I'm thankful for having somewhere to sleep but this place is just disgusting. Room smells like a dog pissed all over the place and was told it was a "non-smoking" room only to be hit in the face by a giant cloud of nicotine and filth. Floors stained like as if drinks were spilt or something/someone pissed on it. Beddings have cigarette burns. Bathroom looks like it had never been cleaned, ever. Outside smells 10 times better than my room did.Got into the motel late at night and was sleeping fine until some random woman starts screaming bloody murder in the middle of the night like someone was trying to kill her. This place used to look safe from a distance but now that I've stayed here it looks shady as hell. I don't recommend this place, I would rather just spend the extra money at a Sheraton.
1	The good:  Staff was accomidating.  AC worked well. The rest:Room looked "cleaned". We were already unpacked and tired when we really noticed the state of the room. I wiped down the surfaces with a washcloth and was discusted at what was picked up.  My wife climed into bed and found that the sheets were dirty. The phone didn't work so I had to walk back to the front desk. Got new sheets & towels. Maintenance replaced the phone.The next morning, we found that the water temperature wouldn't stay steady.   The tub floor was stained.  Couldn't get out of the there fast enough.The entire place needs a thourough cleaning.
