1	Darren's recent review of Kmart got me thinking about this place. I was out this way recently and I stopped to look for a place to eat. Man, talk about a dead mall! Parkway Center Mall even has its own listing on www.deadmalls.com I'd only been here once or twice back in its heyday. Back then it had Chi-Chi's (where thankfully I never ate. A hepatitis scare did them in), David Weis, Pharmor, CompUsa, Syms, etc were all here. Now the mall is mainly deserted. Only one floor is still open, and even that's got a vacancy rate of about 50%! Surprisingly what remains seems to be doing good business. Kmart is doing okay as is the Giant Eagle. Phantom of the Attic is alive and well and so is Pittsburgh Sports Deli. That's not an eatery either. It's a sports memorabilia store. There wasn't much reason for me for me to linger here though.  I soon left and went over to Olive Garden for lunch.
1	What a depressing shell of a mall... I remember when it was *the* mall to go to... CompUSA, Pharmor, Kmart, Playless, Joann Fabrics, ChiChis, Giant Eagle... Hell, CompUSA, ChiChis and Pharmor don't even exist anymore... I'm not sure if Kmarts are still in business. Dead malls are sad, for some reason. Walking through this mall just creepy though.
1	Truly the worst mall in America.  Going here is like being in a time machine though.  There is a store called "90's Nails" for goodness sakes.How is this place even still standing?  For one, I'm pretty sure it's built on an old mine or dig or something.  My mom has told me you can feel the ground move when you are here.  Yikes!The Sports Deli is actually a gem of a store though.  Man, the rent has to be so cheap!I got to give a shout out to Petland (I think that's what it is/was called) the pet store in this mall where we got our Maltese pup Sno-Flake 17 years ago!  What a great dog!  :)
1	Honestly I don't consider this place a mall. I consider it to be the entryway I have to use to get into K-Mart. Sadly there are a few stores left still lingering around but hey, I'm sure the rent is reasonable considering the land is falling apart. Calling it a mall is like calling me an athlete it simply isn't true. When you can lists off the name of the stores on your fingers and still have a few left over then you need to go somewhere else.
1	Oy vey! Stay away, there's nothing here to see. Kmart, Phantom of the attic and a lottery place. This mall is dead! Deader than dead, dead dead!
