4	Ah my neighborhood Office Depot. I'd classify it as a necessary evil, but that's harsh....Office Depot isn't evil. What's evil is that I'll walk in here for a package of Post It notes and walk out with a bag full of stuff amounting to $50. It happens all the time! Probably due to my love of office supplies...Nevertheless, this Office Depot is clean, well kept, nicely organized and staffed with helpful folks. The parking lot in the back is much preferred to parking out front - so keep that in mind when driving in. Tons of office supplies can be found as well as, cartridges to printing paper, iPhone covers to calendars, and cleaning supplies to digital cameras. The said selection of items isn't the most vast I've ever seen, but the location and efficiency of this Office Depot holds its own. I'm sure I'll be back soon to drop some more coin on (likely unnecessary) office supplies!
5	They always have everything I need in stock and are more than willing to help me find it. They generally have some awesome sales going on, also.
3	I felt like everything was cramped for the space. I went in to look at printers and a new office chair. The chair selection was abysmal. I think they only had about eight in stock and at least two were the same chair in a different color.I did like that the printer ink for the corresponding printer was priced right next to the printers so I could look at longer term costs. However, to get actual ink, it was over a few rows and around the bend. Fortunately the store was not big enough that it mattered too much.  It seemed like half the printers I was interested in were not even in stock on the shelves. The prices were good tough.I also wanted to check out portable document scanners and was told they had them but no one could find them and they weren't with the printers and other scanners. If they had them, it should not have been that tough to find.I visited a competitor after this and it was a night and day difference. They had planned for a better space and had a better selection of everything. And in stock.
2	Meh. Skip this place. The service was so apathetic. I just needed to buy a few sheets of paper from the copy center. The guy behind the counter really couldn't care less about helping me. Supposedly they were out of the paper I was looking for and he just shrugged his shoulders at me. I will not be returning to this location in the future and I would recommend taking your business elsewhere.
3	A smaller sized OD with a limited selection of most stuff, but I was able to find the few things I needed including the ink cartridge refill for my printer. A small paper selection, a small pen selection, even a small selection of office furniture and electronics.
