3	This was mine and my two co-workers first time eating at PF Changs. We went for lunch, and arrived before noon because I was told that the parking lot and restaurant fills up very fast. We were early enough to get a spot near the door and did not need to use the $3 valet service that is offered. The restaurant has a nice atmosphere, is very large, modern, and spacious. We were seated right away. The regular a la carte menu is very pricey! A single chicken dish starts at $17. Thankfully they have a lunch menu which consist of several different main course items which come with white or brown rice, and a Chinese veggie or hot n sour soup. I think the lunch menu starts at $11.95. We all started with the hot n sour soup. I liked the soup a lot, but it had none of the "heat" which you would typically expect from this dish. We then had a plate of egg rolls. It was a plate of 4 pork rolls for $10. We all agreed that they were nothing special - definitely not worth $2.50 apiece. For our main course, we ordered 3 different plates from the lunch menu: Spicy Chicken, Sesame Chicken, and Mongolian Beef. The Spicy Chicken was a very bland dish. It was just a plate of rice with a small portion of chicken. There was no spice, it came with no vegies, and not enough sauce to moisten the rice. We would not order it again. The Sesame Chicken was quite good. The chicken had nice flavour, and the plate includes broccoli, peppers, and onions; which gives the meal much more body than the previous dish. I would have this again. The Mongolian Beef was ok. The beef was cooked perfectly which was nice, but it could of used more flavour. This dish comes with a good portion of green scallions. With 3 cokes ($3 + free refills), tax and tip, the lunch for 3 people cost $72. The restaurant and parking lot were both full by 1pm. The service was good. I might try it again for lunch since I work near the restaurant, but the food was not good enough for me to even consider paying a la carte.
2	Went tonight for my very first experience of a PF Changs...not impressed at all.I was taken by 2 people who have been a number of times in Florida...apparently it is quite different there than here.Where to start...decor, restaurant out of a box....I've seen these exact same faux-stone walls and columns in various restaurants around N. America and the islands...give me break. The lighting is terribly bright, I felt like I was in a cafeteria...get some different bulbs please.Food...egg-rolls...absolutely tasteless...the only flavour came from the dipping-sauce...honey-mustard..really? Chicken in lettuce wraps...pretty bland and gimmicky, was not impressed and would not recommend.Main courses...mongolian beef and the sesame chicken were both good, not great but definitely worth the money and worth having.SpiceyShrimp and noodles...so overloaded with salt it was un-edible! and I'm pretty salt-tolerant!!...kudos...they did not charge us for it.Service was friendly,efficient and fast.Drinks...1 vodka-tonic,1mojito and 1 Tsing-tao beerno coffee, no desserts.Cost $87. including taxes but before the tip.My 2 friends told me the food was far better presented and much tastier at the US  PF Changs in Florida that they go to and that the decor was more upscale there also...all of which is kind of counter-intuitive in a way.All said and done I found the $87 price for what we got to be acceptable...you get what you pay for.I would not bother going back...the food,location and ambience just aren't worth my time or effort. If you want Chinese food there are plenty of places in Montreal with much,much better food.
2	Nice place. New and clean. Not impressed with the food. Overpriced and overrated. Probably wont go back. Very small portions and very salty. I've been to regular places like wok cafe which is very simple, very affordable and very tasty. Dont be fooled by the valet. I shouldnt have to ask for water when the table is spending about $3000. I ask for water and the waiter only brings a glass for me. Not for anyone else.
2	PROS:-Big space, air conditioned, clean.-The best dish and only thing worth noting that we had was the lettuce wrapped chicken. -Friendly service. CONS:-I had the shrimp in lobster sauce. It essentially tasted like I was eating plastic there was so much corn starch. I couldn't have more than 2 bites before I lost my appetite. -Not authentic Chinese, FAAARRRRRR from it, but Americanized Chinese is PF Chang's "thing", so if you're into that, this is the place to go. p.s. Tiramisu at a Chinese restaurant...first time I've seen that.
3	Bottom line: over priced... but is it because the Chinese food has less value than a steak??? 2 people for lunch: 62$ (including taxes and tip)1 main dish: Mongolian beef - very good2 lunch specials: Chang's spicy chicken - goodpepper beef - very goodLooks like a lot but it is not that much...Service is niceAtmosphere is nice
4	Great Ambiance Our Waiter was super nice!Must Try the Mongolian Beef (AMAZING!)a bit over priced but worth the experience.
2	The introduction of a P.F. Chang's in Montreal is kind of a big deal. It's not as simple as a big box American chain restaurant setting up shop in my backyard, if the food is good, then I'm going to write about it. I felt like it was my civic duty... my ethnic obligation, as a Chinese Montrealer whose roots run deep. This is why I decided to write about P.F. Chang's; my emotional attatcment to chinese community - 'authentic' chinese food is abundant around our city and this is how P.F.Changs is marketing their brand, they don't claim it to be the most 'authentic' in the land. However, accessible, approachable and the bottom line is, this restaurant is a Chinese "bistro".It appeals to a very distinct demographic of people, and that's ok; with ver 230 restaurants world wide, Mr. Philip Chang is obviously doing something right. For what it's worth, the food was tasty and decent... coming from a Chinese guy, who knows Chinese food, has been raised on Chinese food, eats Chinese food and Chinese food Chinese food.
2	We were a party of six and ordered 9 items altogether And the food was good. But it took 2 hours from being seated to getting the bill. One hour before our main dishes appeared. We had to remind the waiter twice about the desserts.We were seated upstairs, which perhaps slows things down. But this place is not cheap and two hours for a Chinese dinner is absurd.
3	This is a Chinese bistro, with a mix of Asian foods, mostly Chinese, but not intended to be authentic. There are some good things and some bad things. The service was fine, if not a bit slow to collect money at the end. The calamari was excellent. The orange chicken had too much of an orange flavour in the end. They delivered six sauces to the table, but there was never any attempt to explain them or introduce their usage at all. Sort of drop a plate on the table and do what you need to do with them.
3	This was our third time at P F Chang's this year and we were disappointed. The hot and sour soup was terrific, but our favourite Mongolian beef was overcooked, chewy and dry. The orange peel chicken was quite good and we enjoyed the mini desserts. Our friend found his kung pao chicken also dry and as it was his first time at the restaurant he did not think he would be coming back. A dish of turkey tartare was judged outstanding and enjoyed by us all.Too bad.
3	Great interior, however the food is not the best I've eaten. Had better tasting meals in less "fancy" places. Would give it another try when in town, maybe:)
2	Visited this place during a blizzard which proved to be a smart move as parking was great and the place was half empty.The most impressive thing? Our appointment at 7 PM was actually respected! (PF Chang LAVAL, I'm looking at you!)Like the Laval location, esthetically the place is very chic and warm.Once our congregation of friends all arrived, we started our order process... or lack thereof. I'm unsure if the staff was limited on this night but once again we were on the receiving end of some real poor service. We order our drinks and they come half an hour later. Does a few sodas and some warm sake make it acceptable to wait this long?Eventually we got served our drinks and we quickly ordered our plates, I took the much promoted chicken in lettuce wraps and the legendary Mongolian beef.The appetizers arrived relatively quickly (thankfully!) and since I was hungry enough to eat an Ethiopian child, I tore into the chicken in lettuce wraps.... only to be quite disappointed that the chicken was actually pretty bland and the lettuce leaves still relatively soaking in water. Neither I nor my wife were able to finish this. We waited for our mains.The warm sake was shared between my friend and I and as always hit the spot after enduring the Canadian winter outside.Afterwards, we waited well over 45 minutes to receive our plates and they did the biggest taboo, serve us 5 of our 6 main meals. We looked at each other apprehensively as we waited for his plate to come. 2 minutes later my friend encouraged us to dig in... what a charitable soul... watching us eat our meals while he waited almost 10 more minutes for his meal, that had been "forgotten". Really?Let's discuss the legendary Mongolian beef... so... what happened to it? Why was the portion already smaller than the portion served at another location that was small enough as it is? Also, let's chill on the salt folks. I recognize this isn't a buffet styled place but for $20, I'd like a decent sized plate, preferably not being drenched in salt. Lots of water was drunk.I didn't opt for a dessert and I settled for filtered coffee since the barista couldn't work the broken espresso/cappuccino machine tonight. Great! In the end I ended up with nasty filtered coffee that I couldn't drink more than 2 sips. Not wasting calories on this.The service all night was lamentable, slow and at times impatient to downright rude (waiter said a snappy comment to one of the ladies at our table).On a special note, the price tag is ridiculous for at best average food. How can I pay close to $90 (taxes in) for two and still leave wanting more? I started thinking. This is bad. Was the place half empty on a Saturday night because of the bblizzard outside or the reputation of this place is finally catching up to it? Reviews on Yelp are very hit and miss... well add me to the miss list. There are better options out there and I won't be back, at least specifically at this location.
3	First of all if you consider this to be Asian food you don't know what Asian food is... It is clearly an extremely Americanized Chinese restaurant with things like "Buddha rolls" on the menu and several versions of General Tao chicken / kung Pao chicken. That being said the interior is splendid and it is above average Americanized Chinese food that I do not mind having once in a while. I had the crispy chicken, yes it did cost more than 5$ but it was much better then the filth you will get at the food court. Will I go back? Probably it was a good experience and I liked the food but I don't kind myself that I am having exotic Asia cuisine and it is a big chain in the USA
4	I've been looking forward to eating here since it was under construction, based on its reputation in the US. Then, it opened, and friends consistently said they were underwhelmed. But I'm stubborn. I needed to see for myself, and I'm glad I did. The menu was mostly what you would expect, with very few original dishes. That being said, we had the lettuce wraps to start, which, with the sweet soy, was delicious (though a bit overpriced...)For our mains, we had the mango chicken and the sesame chicken. Both dishes tasted very good. We cleaned our plates. Comments about prices being expensive are, in my opinion, somewhat misplaced when you consider that the dishes come with rice (normally sold separately elsewhere for $2.50-$3.50). So while I know many more authentic Chinese restaurants where you can get great dishes (with rice) for $12-$13, paying $14-$15 for just a dinner main (n/i rice) doesn't shock me. For dessert, 3 mini desserts hit the spot.All in all, a good experience. I will return (to try the lemon chicken..).
1	I love pfchangs in toronto, buffalo ny and las vegas so i was looking forward to the montreal location. I have been here a few times since its been opened either with groups of friends or my husband. The 2nd time i came, one of my friends found a ladybug in her salad. They offered us free drinks but no comp to the meal. My husband had to negotiate that even though it was clearly an error on their part. I had been back twice since then and the food was good. The last time however in march it was terrible. I ordered salt and pepper prawns which were below average - if you ask me it tasted like 2 day old chinese food. It is my fav thing on the menu to order so i know what its supposed to taste like. When i sent it back to the kitchen they had the nerve to send it back to me saying if they remake it, it will taste the same! I was shocked! The waitress was apologetic but the damage was done. I will never ever come back to pfchangs in montreal again. They need to see how food is served in their other locations. Signed very disappointed foodie
3	Its great for a big familly. . But personaly for chinese food id go to china town ;) its very American ish .. its good but like I said its not a place I would crave to fo back to.. we go every now and then because the seatings are wonderful and for a big family its perfect. Its a bit pricey. The soups are delish there and the drinks are cool.
4	So I gave it a try and surprisingly it's pretty good. Service is good . I tried the northern ribs and it's very tasty.
1	I love PF Changs and this location is good but the service sucks, I had one server actually have the nerve to say he is too busy and hand me off to another server who was also to busy. Here's an idea, have enough staff to cover your Friday night supper rush. Must be a rude Quebec bad service thing. I've been to this location before and it's usually good but this is not cool.
1	Went to PF Changs for lunch last Saturday.  I don't normally complain but the service we had here was horrendous! We were 3 and the restaurant wasn't busy as it had opened just 30 minutes prior.When we arrived, were seated fairly quickly but we waited quite awhile before our server came to our table. We were ready to order when he came but he just took our drink orders and walked away when I said we'd like to order now.15 minutes later, we tried to flag down the server and we  we did, he said:"Let me first get the drink." Another ten minutes go by and he shows up with the wrong order. He brought two coffees, instead of one, and we say:" it's ok, we will keep it." The server then walked away. We then realize that the "coffee" is more like dirty dishwasher, only one long teaspoon was given for the coffees and there was dried, caked on red velvet cake encrusted on the teaspoon. The cream had also curdled. Our server was no where to be found. We managed to flag down another server and at this point we would have left had we not been with our 78 year old aunt who was hungry.We explained the situation to the other server and she said (no apology or anything):" Let me get another coffee." So she just drops it off with no other word said.When we finally get our food, it's decent and nothing to write home about. At that point, we were still just turned off that the server never came back to even ask us how the drink was....or the food for that matter.When it came time to leave, we waited for  good 15 minutes before I could flag down the server to get our bill. Another ten minutes go by and I get up to pay at the cash. The woman says I have to go back to the table and wait, so I do; for another 10 minutes. In short, the worst meal, with the worst service ended up costing 75 for the "lunch special" and we will never step foot in that restaurant again.
1	The food is good. I have been 4 times and the service has always been horrible. 20 minutes to get a diet coke after having to call the manager. This is the last time I am going there.
