1	Maybe Thursday night was a bad night to go out....but the whole street had a kind of scary feel, and the other 2 bars right there looked even worse, this was the least of all evils...I think.   The bartender was sweet but the rest of the crew was rather uninteresting, with bad karaoke in the back, cheesy lighting, and a big toothless slobbering drunk that was incomprehensible over the music that kept trying to ask us questions and patting us on the shoulder....thanks buddy.
2	A sad sad place.. makes the Hawk (in CLE) look like a vegas style nightclub.  The 941 has all the potential to be great - ok decor, cute staff, dance floor, but it didn't connect for me.  I went twice in one night hoping that maybe I was just there during the wrong time of night.. but it didn't get any better as it go later, just more empty and more sad than before.  And to top it off.. they have the annoying shot things on their bottles, no overpour there.. so no good tips for the bartender.
2	A classic odyssey in bar form. The happy hour is AMAZING. Everything and everyone else is there to give you diseases before you can take advantage of the HH and escape. If you're talented enough to make it, excellent. If you don't have the necessary game, don't even show up.
2	There are three bars in the same block, and each of them is almost identical to the other.  This one is the best of the three.Nathan, the bartender, was quite friendly and helpful.  The bar was never very crowded during the entire weekend we were there, except for karaoke Sunday night.  Apparently it does get busy late Saturday, when the upstairs opens for a one-hour "after hours" party at 2.Still, I'd opt for the 5801 in Shadyside, or even Cruze, just a few blocks away.  Also, the drinks here are pretty overpriced.
3	I remember be confused as to all hell when people use to tell me about the Saloon.  This was back in my younger days when I didn't know any better that nightlife extended further down Liberty than just to Pegasus.  Now that I'm older, not necessarily wiser, I have found the end of Liberty that is livelier.I've been to the Saloon on multiple occasions and found that it really is hit or miss, just like any other bar in the Burgh area.  I seem to always go to the regular bar when it's karaoke night (not my cup of tea).  Drinks aren't bad.  Decor theme goes with the name of the place with barrel like tables set up in strategic locations where you have to dodge the fifty people on each side of it to get to the back where the bathroom is.For all the aspiring strippers out there, try your luck on the lighted platform complete with a pole.One of the best attributes to the Saloon is the after-hours club located upstairs called Tilden.  Membership is a yearly basis fee of around $15.  You'll have access to the upstairs which has a bigger, better dance floor.  Last time I was up there they were still in the middle of a remodel which made it a better place to navigate with the bar up against the wall instead of in the middle of the room.  Downside, they got rid of the back bar.  Worst night to go is probably Sundays, not much going on there.
3	So they had my beer on tap that's a good thing. So the bartender was cute, brown haired fellow with a quick smile that's a good thing , and  the patrons were dancing while I was there,  also a good thing.This bar is really, really darkly light like super dark but it was still fun despite not being able to see anything.My draft was .50 more than I'm use to spending but the bartender was adorable so all is forgiven.  I did see a sign that said happy hours 5-7pm 3 dollar domestic drafts.  I would love to see this bar when it's in full swing.
5	I'm a big fan of this place. The bartenders are nice, the people are nice. Some people complain about the automatic pouring devices used on the mixed drinks. That's not a complaint of mine. I've had far too many badly mixed drinks. Either too sweet, or too heavy. These drinks come out just right. My only complaint: I wish the jukebox could be open for use more frequently. I have the AMI app on my phone and I like to use it. Every time I go, they are playing their own music.5 stars if I could play music.Update: turns out the piece of paper over the dollar slot is because the jukebox is free on that night. 5 stars
5	This was my second time at this bar. The first time was for the pride bar crawl this year. Their drinks were delicious that night, the place was decorated really adorable ocean themed decorations. The second time was today. The bar tender was very friendly and explained to myself and a friend what different drinks were on special. I ordered a Mai tai and it was delicious. There is an awesome fish tank above the bar, which is super unique. Overall, this is a great bar- with awesome bartenders and it's set up is pretty sweet too.
3	Of all the gay bars in the city, 941 probably ranks in the middle of them all. There's really nothing awful about it and yet there really isn't anything amazing about it either. And to be honest, you wouldn't even know it's a gay bar unless you've researched it. Having said all this, it really depends on the time you go. I visited here this previous weekend in the afternoon. There were only a few people there which made the atmosphere comfortable. I got a Mai Tai (sp?) that was on special for $4.75 and it came in a bigger glass. The bartender was also very pleasant. Great experience!Now let's rewind a little bit. A few months ago I came here with my boyfriend on a Friday night. The crowd was weird. It was the most unusual mix of people. Not saying it's a bad thing, but some of the characters were very... "Downtown," ...you know what I'm saying. Not too mention that the prices were a bit much for beer. I also remember ordering a cranberry vodka and it came in this small glass, probably only holding 1/4 of the liquid that was in my drink this weekend. It's very touch and go here so just be prepared.
