5	The owner is professional and extremely knowledgeable.He is adept. His work is impeccable. Extremely trustworthy.I will use him for all of my homes. He has integrity and is  trustworthy. Highly recommend him. He cleaned out my dryer vent from the outside of my home and did an impeccable job.
5	I was extremely satisfied with the air duct cleaning and dryer vent cleaning that this company did. They fully explained what they were going to do before they got there and then went over the process of how the cleaning would go once they got to my house. In addition, they made sure I saw the air ducts before they cleaned them, so I could see what the condition was.The cleaning made a HUGE difference in the air flow of my house and my allergies are already better. While they were a little more expensive then some of the other companies I researched, I would definitely recommend them. They didn't try to sell me other services that I didn't ask for and they were recommended by the BBB website as a good company.
5	Arizona Air Services did an excellent job of cleaning the air ducts and dryer vent in my home.  They are experts and their process conforms to NADCA specs.  They were very thorough, pleasant and customer focused.  They will continue to be my first choice for service!
5	I was very impressed with the service today. Rhine arrived early and did a great job. He went above and beyond my expectations. He was trustworthy, a good communicator and completed the work efficiently. I would highly recommend this company.
5	We have called at least a dozen companies trying to get our dryer vent cleaned.  Oddly, no one ever calls us back once they learn we only want the dryer vent service, not to buy hundreds of dollars of air vent cleaning we didn't want.Well, this company not only actually answered their phone, they carefully explained how they would perform the service, what the total price would be and when they would arrive.  Rhyne arrived early, performed the work in a completely professional manner, showed me the accumulation of debris in our vent stack, and then explained a few things about best use of our dryer, etc..  The impact was immediate.  The dryer ran less than half the time it took yesterday to dry a load of towels.  Yeah!  I'm hoping to see a dip in the electric bill.This is a professionally run company, offering a desperately needed service at a fair price.  We are going to have them back to clean the air ducts within the next couple of weeks.  I recommend them to you without hesitation.
4	Rhyne was extremely detailed in explaining what would be done.  They were on time and did a great job.Also, they are extremely competitive in pricing.
5	Chose this place because of positive Yelp reviews.Decided to have clothes dryer vent cleaned in my 30 year old house. The process involved a large hose being dragged into the laundry room and hooked up to the vent. Then the tech went up on the roof and using a rotating brush cleaned out the vent.Took 30 min, not that noisy, no mess involved. Glad I did it for safety reasons in that lint can build up over time in the vent.Asked about their other service which is cleaning air ducts and may consider this for the future.
5	Ryan and his assistant came out to my house today to clean out the dryer vent.  They were on time, professional, friendly and did a great job for less than other people I called.  It was hard to find someone to come out on a Saturday for just cleaning the dryer vent.  I would definitely recommend Ryan and his team to anyone.
3	I wrote a review last year about Arizona Air and while I still believe the service they provide is excellent, I have to modify my overall opinion about the company.  And for the record, I did have the company back out last summer to clean the a/c system and they did a great job.  But something is going on over there this year.Beginning in early January of 2014, I tried to schedule dryer duct cleaning.  It took 3 weeks to get an email response, even though several emails were sent and several phone messages were left.  It took four appointments to actually get the service man into my laundry room.  Here's the concern: although Arizona Air missed the appointment times, when they showed up today, they assessed a trip charge for their scheduling error.  Seriously?  While I appreciate their work quality, this is not what I consider good customer service. I hope they appreciate repeat customers and remedy their inconsistent performance before 2015.
