5	RECOMMENDED: Smashburger rocks!  The food is made fresh and to order. The staff is super friendly. It's no surprise that this chain is expanding fast.My personal favorite is the Truffle Mushroom Swiss Big Smash!  The organic arugula adds the perfect flavor. If I've been extra good, I'm happy to reward myself with either their smash fries or a butterfinger hand spun milkshake.
5	Excellent alternative to the traditional burger places.  My only gripe, as with most burger places, is I'd like no fries unless I ask for them or have more healthy alternatives available. Their fries are excellent though. I've had a hamburger and the black bean burger - both were excellent based on the toppings I chose.
1	Just did an order to go and they completely screwed up my burger, they ignored everything on the order except for the bun.
5	Went to the grand opening and received a free Burger. It tasted like a hone cooked burger. I thought the grilled chicken had too much pepper though. But the french fries= amazing. Before I got to my seat, the burger was there. Angus beef is delish. I went back a few more times and will continue this week.
2	It took fifteen additional minutes, after the rest of the food had already come, to get my son's fries. They were part of the kid's meal, which we clearly ordered, but they didn't come out with the rest of the food, and then the guy who TOOK OUR ORDER seemed genuinely confused when I asked where the fries were.Also, if I'm paying a extra dollar for bacon on my burger & they say I'll get three slices of bacon, why would they chop one slice of bacon into three little pieces and tell me they've given me three slices? It's misleading; I wouldn't have paid one dollar for so little of an extra item. They suggested next time I order EXTRA bacon! For another EXTRA dollar! How about no. And how about I don't come back.
3	Overall the food was good except my burger was very undercooked. So if you decide to stop in for a burger there make sure you tell them to cook it well done or just to the point where the meat is not mushy like mine was.
2	One word review: Overhyped. The long version: The place was clean, and the service was fast and friendly, but the food is overpriced mediocritize. Trying to eat a little healthier, I opted for the chicken. The sandwich was ok. Good size, with plenty of topping options, but nothing much above average. The fries were shoestrings. Great if you are courting the under 10 crowd, but odd for a premium burger place. All in all you can get the same, or better quality food at In n Out Burger down the street, for half the price. A chicken/vegeburger option isn't enough to bring me back.
