5	Lucky me I got to vacation in Phoenix two weeks ago in the 115 degree heat!Lucky my good buddy Lisa works at Radio Milano and promptly escorted me and my friend off the plane right into the restaurant.  Since she was waitressing we enjoyed a nice leisurely 3 hours or so eating and drinking at this brand new spot.The decor is really cool.  We sat at a community table which I have no problem with though it was a bit wide so I felt a little far from my friend.  Also, because there are no floor coverings (says Lisa) the noise level gets really high but it seems to all work really well.  At one point during the night, some dude (or manboy) stood up and started singing opera in the middle of the restaurant.  A customer!  Weird!Now, drinks.  The martini's were really good.  I usually stick with the dirty martini which was great but then I moved on to a vodka with fresh grapefruit and was pleasantly surprised.  My friend had some sort of fruity one that was also quite tasty!The menu is small but I believe it's redone very often, possibly daily.  We started off with the grilled artichoke which came with three huge halves and some delicious dipping sauce.  We couldn't finish all of it but it was really yummy.  For dinner I had halibut which was perfectly cooked and on a bed of spinach.  My friend had the meatloaf which was amazing!  Also, make sure you request some bread.  They have this really tasty bread that is made fresh daily and then grilled.  It comes with oil and a thing of garlic you squeeze out of the shell, mmmm!For dessert we had some decadent chocolate/espresso thing that was soooooo good.
4	I've wanted to check Radio Milano out since the last time I went to Phoenix.  We went on Friday night and got seated quickly even though they'd warned my girl about a 45 minute wait.  We ordered a couple of cocktails and looked over the menu and made a pretty quick decision.  She knows I love sharing things so left the ordering to me.  No Problem!  We went with the tri-colore salad, clams, and scallops.  The scallops came out first and they were amazing.  Nice size and perfectly cooked.  Next was the salad and it had a bunch of good things in it like grapes and so on.  Also good.  The clams were ok, not amazing but the crostini they served them with was fabulous.  I rarely meet a crouton type bread that I don't like.I really enjoyed the meal, cocktail and company and would go back.  They don't give you a ton of food but that's probably for the best since most restaurant portions are way too big.
2	Just another nuevo-trendy place with average food at best.  Six bucks for "made-to-order" potato chips which, after quizzing the waitress, we came to find out are just potato slices that they fry when you order them and not before.  Even more comical were the $6 deviled eggs.  Yep, you read that right - this joint has managed to make that old picnic staple into an "in" entre.  Nothing spectacular about them at all - just 6 deviled eggs in a little wooden tray.  At least we only had to pay $5 for ten ounces of a mediocre beer (Stella) to wash it down.Not that it was all bad.  It's a comfortable place with a decent decor.  But in short, if you are concerned more about buzz than quality or value, this may be the place for you.
1	Besides the drinks, i think this place is probably one of the most overrated restaurant in Phoenix. And, I actually like it's sister restaurant Postino. Actually, I think the owners are trying to ride the coat ails of its sister restaurants - LGO, Postini, and Chelsea's Kitchen.  The menu has no imagination. I was reading the menu and was trying to find something intriguing. Perhaps, I has high hopes as the owners are shrewd business people. I should have just had a drink and went on my way. But, I gave Radio Milano a chance...Roman artichokes..$10?!  The meatloaf dish we ordered was marginal. The vegetable plate was so-so. The housemade pasta tasted on par with chef boyardee.  After spending $90...I left with an empty taste in my mouth.  Plus, the dished are pretty small. Only bright spot was that the service was good and the waitress was attentive. But, I go to restaurants for quality food, not high priced crap.
5	Radio Milano has become one of our favorite restaurants since opening this summer. Why? Here are a few reasons:1. The Food - antipasto and focaccia on par with Pizzeria Bianco, excellent seafood/crudo and some of the best meatballs and meatloaf in town - all in manageable portions2. The Cocktails - try the ginger press, manhattan or milano, their signature version of a negroni, but made with vodka (no longer listed on menu however). Great bartenders, too.3. The Atmosphere - from the open-air kitchen w/ wood burning grill to barrel-vaulted ceilings and walls of sliding glass, an inviting urban space. And while possibly trendy, not at all stuffy or inaccessable - always felt down to earth and comfortable to me.4. Open Late - food served until 11pm every night. We love coming in for a late dinner and eating at the bar. Best seats in the house if you ask me.
4	I've been to Radio twice since it opened and have had great experiences each time. The food is fantastic, the atmosphere has great energy and the martinis rock. Try to the watermelon martini...it's smooth and not to sweet.
4	It's so important to walk away from a restaurant feeling like you go value from your experience there. I did. I felt like the restuarant was romantic, sleek and I loved the open kitchen. They had the windows totally opened and it was cool, breezy and fresh. We ordered:Limoncello Martini and Gin and Tonic $161 bottle of Cabernet $31Breaded Artichokes $10Mushroom Meatloaf $12Spaghetti and Meatballs $12Olive Oil Cake $9Espresso $3
2	Have to say it, postinos still has the best food of any of the owner's restaurants. Drinks=great Desert=good food=not so good, expensive, very little of it on the plate...and my mom's a chef, so you think I would like that. People watching at Chelsea's kitchen is better. Hope the bulldoze this place to make more parking.
4	I'll admit a flaw when dining: that is, atmosphere goes a looong way with me.  Even if the menu is mundane, the wine is uncreative, or the waiters curt, you can still win me over with making me feel like a badass in your restaurant.  After all, most of our palates aren't refined enough to decipher the differences between feral rabbit and wolverine paws.  Not that they serve either of the two here, but you get the point.Radio Milano, in fact, DOES NOT have a boring menu, average wine or rude waiters ... but there is nothing here to absolutely THRILL you.  What it is, is creative food that is presented magnificently, but lacks a certain flair.  When i went (date night), we had the roman artichoke with bread crumbs (great), vegetable antipasti (good), and the meatballs with some spaghetti (average).  Their portions are pretty small, so luckily my gf is a light eater and is just as thrilled with atmosphere and booze as I am.  For dessert, we had the olive oil cake, which was creative, but slightly above average in taste.What IS awesome are the drinks.  I had a Ginger Press (They use Tito's Handmade Vodka!) and my gf had the Sauvignon Blanc.  Both delicious and unique to the Valley.  I wanted to have another, but we decided to head over to Postino to continue on a little wine tour, however, their cocktail and wine list is impressive.  All in all, i was mildly impressed with the food.  They do a good job creatively, but they need to really improve on their specialties.  Their staff is VERY cool and I would certainly go back to visit the bar.  Also, i like that they are part of the LGO people, cos, face it, they've increased the cache of Central Phoenix one million fold.
4	I love, love, LOVE the interior of Radio Milano.  As someone else said, atmosphere goes a long way, and this place has got it.We went on a Friday night around 7:30, and had to wait about 20 minutes, which isn't bad at all.  There are nice comfy chairs and window seats in which to pass the time, and with a yummy cocktail (that pomegranate thing was sooooo good) the wait is completely bearable.All service was very polite, and my only complaint was the water situation:  they bring a large bottle of water for the table to share, but don't really keep tabs on whether or not you need more.  I think this is just a result of assuming that since a bottle is on your table, it's all good.  But in the grand scheme of things that's a very minor complaint (maybe not so much for my pregnant friend who was ONLY drinking water, and was left without for a good chunk of time).  It also struck me a little odd that there was no bread or other goodies put on the table.I had the mushroom risotto, which was brilliant.  And another cocktail, which made everything brilliant.  Adding Radio Milano to my list of "cool places to impress out of town guests with".
5	My steak was barely warm and yet it was still the best I've had in years!  Drenched in it's own juices, my mouth is watering just thinking about it (and this was four days ago now!).And I can not say enough about the vibe of this place!  It' s seriously more energetic than most nightclubs.  Hell, if your a complete bore your date will probably think you're vibrant just for sitting across from you while you're in this place.Also worthy to note, while I was waiting for my drink, I was standing near the wait station and a waiter, just out of the blue, goes "How are you doing?" ... To which I thought,  Hold it!  Are you being nice to me and NOT fishing for a tip!?  How DARE you!!!! So they seem to treat their employee's well and it shows!  I'm in Love.
5	Well what can you say.....beautiful atmosphere, intelligent staff and wonderfully creative food!  This place has all three!!My girlfriend and I went for an evening out....a usual around our house, we decided to try this place that we had heard the usual "buzz" about....and we were, to say the least.....very happy with our decision that night.The decor of the restaurant is an well thought out and simple....elegant but casual...The flare of this quaint spot is definitely found in the bottom of a wonderful glass of the exquisite pinot noir....one of my personal favorites and found as well in the "special" that we enjoyed....we had the Ono, it was absolutely amazing....if you have a chance to wrap your mouth around this one....I would highly recommend it!!Sorry...I would be more forth coming with description on the dishes...but to be honest, after a couple of glasses of the ol'vino....your lucky I remembered the fact I had the Ono ;)The only draw back that I could see would be the lack of parking.....might be a downer for some....but for a typically lazy individual such as myself...the valet does the trick just fine.All in all....want a great evening out...try this one, you will not regret it!
3	This was our first visit.  Anticipating a rush for a Friday evening, my husband and I got to the restaurant at 6pm.  The restaurant was about a third full and we were seated immediately.  The interior is nice.  Simple but cozy.  I really liked the curved ceiling.  For drinks, my husband ordered a glass of Sangiovese.  I had a couple sips and it was nice...buttery is the only word I can think of.    I ordered the blood orange champagne.  The orange bitters were very subtle and I enjoyed the presentation of the sugar cube at the bottom of the glass flute.  For appetizers, we ordered the crudo and the shattered chips.  The crudo that night was ahi tuna with citrus avocado and red jalapeno peppers.  It  was delicious, very fresh and I really enjoyed the tangy/spicy flavors.  The shattered chips were very thinly sliced potatoes sprinkled with salt and fresh herbs.  Very crisp and yummy.  For entrees, my husband ordered the spaghetti + meatballs and I ordered the pappardelle + bolognese sauce.  The two dishes were nicely prepared and flavored but not something that will knock your socks off. I was really interested in the olive oil cake but was full from the drinks, apps and entrees, so we ordered it to go.  The cake comes with some cherry jam and real cream.  I had it the next morning for breakfast and it was delicious.  Very moist and the cream was just heavenly.All in all, a nice place.  I really liked the cool, trendy but casual vibe.  The service was friendly and spot on.  I will definitely come back again to try the other dishes.Be forewarned:  there is a lack of parking (unless you get lucky across the street at LGO), but there is complimentary valet provided.
5	First, I love that all glasses of wine are the same price and all bottles are the same price. This takes douchebaggy guesswork out of it, especially since I always feel pressured to take a pricier glass of pinot so my server doesn't think I'm a cheapass. I know, I'm so gullible.Second, the food is very, very good and fresh. It doesn't have a very solid cuisine description, but I like that. Gives the place a little light-heartedness. Yes, kind of hate the valet thing, but you don't really have a choice in this neighborhood and it's FREE. Drop the 3 bucks for tip.The ambience is super... I love the big, open windows and the oversized lamps and pots (very Chelsea's). The colors are vibrant and warm and the whole experience is comfortable. Again, much like Chelsea's.I love the LGO Hospitality group!
2	i like the vibe and that they have some pretty good wines... the thing that i don't like at all is the food... it is small and i find it very "artsy."  and i think it way to expensive for what you get.  i guess i just don't appreciate new vogue type food.
3	Most of the dishes are great,!! But I agree w/ Henri T, Radio Milano is a bit overrated (service and food) and frankly, a bit over priced. The atmosphere is very cool and fun for groups. Bon Appetite!
5	I have been here a couple times now and thoroughly enjoyed myself both times.  First time I came for drinks and the bartender there is awesome.  The atmosphere was great, sitting at the bar with other patrons it is very easy to strike up conversations with others because the bar is so small:).  The first time I came I only had drinks at the bar (pomegranate 40 martini... so good!) the second time I had drinks and appetizers.  For the appetizers we decided on the crudo, the days Italian fresh fish sashimi which was a ahi tuna, this was really good.  We also had the artichoke with bread crumbs appetizer, this was awesome!  I can't wait to come back and try some entrees!
4	Cool place. Love the atmosphere. Went for dinner Friday night, arrived around 7 or so. No self-parking available, but complimentary valet was quick + easy.Host offered 20 minute wait for table or sit at the bar - we chose the bar. There are two, a small one right by the entrance, and a much larger one along the north wall, which was where we sat, which apparently was just added a few days earlier. Bartender was friendly and attentive, specialty drinks were awesome. As Eric mentioned in his review - they use Tito's Handmade Vodka in the Ginger Press (being from Austin I always enjoy seeing Tito's on the menu).We shared the vegetable plate app and swordfish entree. Vegetable plate was incredible - served in generous portions with an very tasty dipping sauce. Good thing too, because the swordfish was quite small, not to mention a little overcooked. After a few bites we went right back to the vegetables, which we didn't even finish.We'll definitely be back.
5	Radio has come a long way since its inception so I think it is just about time to YELP about it!!!! I would venture to say it might be the best of the LGO group at this point, although it did not start out that way.  They have a fantastic bartender on Fridays who loves to use fresh citrus in her cocktails.  I believe there is an art to the perfect cocktail, that whole sweet tart just strong enough balance...and these guys have it mastered!!! My favorite is the capirihiana.  Throw in some of their special marinated cherries and it's amazing!  You can get great light plates to share (artichoke, awesome chop salad, and love the tuna crudo) and their main courses are the perfect size as well! The new bar along the north wall makes for a fantastic place to spend an evening and is just beautiful!!! Also, the staff and management are just fantastic!Like any new born, Radio Melano has grown into itself and into the neighborhood; so jump on your cruiser bike this Friday night and check out Radio!!
5	This is one of the better restaurants in Phoenix. We came on a Thursday night, and were seated at a nice table by the window. I like the small, simple menu: about 5 choices each for appetizers, salads, pasta, and entrees, and 3 desserts. The drinks are also really simple, with all the wine choices and about 8 cocktails all 8$ each. We started off with some cocktails--I got the ginger press, a twist on a vodka press with handmade vodka, ginger ale, and lemon juice, which was good, and my boyfriend had the collins--also good. Delicious little strips of bread come, and we decided on our meal: the antipasto vegetable platter (amazing! delicious grilled vegetables, dipping sauce, and cheese with pesto), the trattoria salad (also really delicious--lots of fresh greens, with dill and basil, which makes the salad really tasty, along with lots of goodies: dates, beets, olives, and bleu cheese), and the house-made papardelle pasta which came with asparagus, corn, tomatoes and goat cheese. The food was all very fresh, well prepared, and came out quickly even though the place was full. I really like the look of the restaurant too, some neat architectural stuff, open kitchen, nice decorations and seating. I'll definitely be coming back here again!Also, I liked how kids eat free before 7pm (well some kids dishes at least like butter and pasta)
4	I cannot believe it took me this long to finally go check out Radio Milano.  It may have taken awhile to get there for my first visit, but it won't be my last... i had high expectations because I love RM's sister restaurants (LGO, Postino, and Chelsea's Kitchen), and I have to say, Radio Milano exceeded those expectations I had!We went for dinner on a Wednesday night.  I arrived first (3 total in my group) and was greeted by a hostess.  She told me to wait a few but then disappeared.  Several minutes later, Zack appeared and couldn't have been friendlier.  He took me to a table, brought me some water, and took my drink order.  He actually suggested a glass of wine for me which was perfect (the Sauv Blanc).  Jared and Wendy arrived shortly after and I was happy to have wine and a nice warm, complimentary app of the radio bread when they sat down.Turns out Radio Milano serves in a team setting, so along with Zack, we were taken care of by Morgan and Frances.  They were all incredibly friendly!  (Scott, the GM, was fantastic as well).  We proceeded to order the artichoke appetizer - I highly recommend it!  I was really hungry I guess, because I ordered the celery caesar salad and the crisped white fish entree.  Needless to say, it was a ton of food!  Luckily, Jared has a big appetite and finishes everything that I leave on my plate, so we didn't let anything go to waste.I was really pleased with the entire experience at Radio Milano... great atmosphere, food, drinks, and service.  Even the valet was really fast and not as annoying as it may seem.  I'll be back soon for sure... hopefully the patio they are building will be open soon!  Check it out if you haven't already...
5	Crudo, shattered potato chips, deviled eggs, meatloaf, strawberry basil gin lemonade, chocolate pudding, rice pudding, all of it soooo delicious. And that's about half of the smorgasbord I noshed on... those are just the favorites that really stuck with me. Seriously the most amazing meatloaf I have ever had. I never thought I'd use "amazing" to describe meatloaf, but there you go.
4	I went to Radio Milano for my second time this weekend and I have to say this place is excellent~. The first time I went I sat at the bar as the restaurant was pretty packed. The bartender was super friendly and made a lot of specialty drinks with great twists like basil Martinis and Ginger Press's with Tito's Handmade Vodka, my dining partner got the Old Rye and really enjoyed it. The food here is excellent, we split the veggie plate app and it was both filling and delicious - it contained cantaloupe, leeks, peppers, green beans, asparagus and other grilled vegetables, it was served with a red pepper dipping sauce that rocked. I've also tried the swordfish and although a little dry it was pretty amazing. There are quite a few other things on the menu I am dying to go back and try (deviled eggs, papardelle pasta, meatloaf, shattered chips...). The atmosphere here is simple and swanky and the kitchen is completely open (always a good sign). I would recommend this place to anyone for any occasion.   One note - There is limited parking so take advantage of the free valet.
4	Last week I revisited RM for the first time in a long while. I was quite impressed w/ the updated, fresh new look. Its sexier with tons more visual texture. They now serve regular entrees and they were great! No more over-priced, tapas-wannabe!! Yipeee!
5	My friends kidnapped me for my birthday (yes, because they are wonderful), threw me in the back of my friend Jill's van and rushed me off (blindfolded of course) to Radio Milano.My friend Lindsay knew I had been dying to go there (I love Postino--same owner and across the street--so I just knew Radio Milano was going to be amazing).I've never met the man that owns these restaurants: La Grande Orange, Postino, Radio Milano etc (Lindsay apparently once did, lucky girl) but whoever he is, he is a business genius. The atmosphere of Radio Milano was sophisticated and classy without being uptight.  Everyone was extraordinarily nice and helpful.  True to form for this restaurateur's style, there is a large vase of (fresh every day) flowers that compliment the warm glow of the restaurant in general.Our server welcomed us with what were presented as "Italian Potato Chips" and a delicious dipping sauce.  The homemade ginger ale is so strong in taste, really good.I ordered the special for the night which was a vegetable lasagna.  It was soooooo good.  I'm glad I have such awesome friends to kidnap me and take me to great places.
4	Good food.Great drinks.Terrific atmosphere.Casual upscale foodie hangout.
3	I'm probably going to get hated on for this review but, I'm going to be honest. The atmosphere and staff where great. I only had the meatballs.The meatballs were very very dry, I tied 2 plates to see if maybe I got a bad one. The other one was very dry as well. The flavor was very bland, nothing special. I will say in there defense they were cooking a large batch of meatballs for everyone so it is hard to stay consistent in larger batches. But on the flip side, they chose this one to be the dish that is judged and represents their restaurant. I wouldn't probably go back based on the meatballs. I did see some other people eating something that looked very good, I might be open to trying something else. I was pretty disappointed. The service was good thought and for that they got 3 stars. It would have been less mainly because they chose this dish to be at a yelp event knowing they are with critics and  it was extremely mediocre. I can only wonder how the food would be on an average day. Sorry, they were just soo dry.
3	I'm sorry to this but I must admit I was pretty disappointed with the food options at this Yelp event. The staff was awesome and I still dig this place, but the meatball choice seemed poor planning.  Being my first yelp event I tried not to be  to critical, but I really was expecting more than a one option buffet style dinner... After hearing stories of other Yelp events my thoughts were confirmed..  RM could have done better in their presentation... I can't complain, it was a fun night  - but for a group of yelpers I would have thought they would try to impress a bit more. This restaurant is really good, and I'll go back many times, this night didn't do the food justice, but everything else was awesome.
3	I'm torn--the experience was good enough to consider retuning, but underwhelming enough to not be in a rush to do it.  There's at least a dozen other restaurants I'd like to try before considering a return to Radio Milano.The good--atmosphere and decor. Hip, cool & unique while maintaining a casual, unpretentious atmosphere. (5 stars for this category)The bad--service.  I'm sure it's usually good like most reviewers report,  however not consistently. Sever took our order. Server brought out the order.  That's it.  No personality. No attentiveness. No clearing the table.  No 2nd round.  Had to track her down for another drink .  Had to track her down to bring the check. (2 stars)The ugly--the most measly beer and wine selection I've ever seen at any restaurant.   Beer= 3 options--Birra, Sierra & a hef.  Bitter, bitterer and garbage (any hef)  (2 stars)  The only thing worse is my cheap, pathetic homage to Clint Eastwood in this review.The food was on par with most independent Italian restaurants in the area.  Nothing spectacular. Good enough to warrant a return. But not anytime soon.I'd give it 3.5 stars, if it were possible.  Well, maybe more like 3.45 stars -- I had to round down.
3	This is right in my neighborhood..so I tend to frequent it allot..because I like what they have on the  menu,  even though the "cheap" liquor  they carry, really does not equate to the food or the foodies that eat here. They put in a great new bar, new lighting...but if you don't have premium alcohol, how are you going to fill it up. The bar service was below average ..how come when a place is not all that busy..the service is slow?? Makes no sense. Anyway..I came here for the carpaccio..which I loved, loved loved..obviosly no one else did ..because it is now off the menu...seriously..I don't know why I would go back...no Belvedere Vodka, no carpaccio, ..ah..a sad sad day...I can only eat the deviled eggs twice a year, it's all the Angel in me will allow..RM just needs to up it's menu and it's game...I love this little place..but come on...NO Carpaccio!!!! and I miss Doug!
5	If I had reviewed Radio Milano last year, it would not have been a fiver.  Seriously though, this place is my new neighborhood favorite.  The staff is exceptional (even when in a long business meeting and ended up not ordering anything), the owners take care of everything, they have a great eye for seeing the flow of the operation.  They added the bar literally overnight, the carpet and booths are a new addition from last year.  Gina is a goddess of a bartender, never missing a beat. And on top of it all - I can walk there!
3	Maybe 3.5 stars.  Overall a great place.  Better than average service.  Great drinks.  Happy hour specials I think until 7PM.Our server recommended the calamari appetizer, well it sucked.  Almost sent it back but we were hungry so we ate most of it.The spaghetti and meatballs was, VERY average.  The meatballs were dry. Maybe a 1/4 cup of marinara sauce.Tried some of the shrimp pasta dish and it was OK.    Yes, I'll go back but I'll try another dish for sure.
3	The food is great but the sticker price is just a bit too much. The vegetarian lasagna is amazing. I had a glass of the Oregon Pinot Noir and found it to be weak and I should know because I have tasted just about every Oregon Pinot Noir there is. The waiter was awesome and attentive. Overall I liked it but I don't know if I'd make it a normal hang out.
5	I really wanted to try Radio Milano again and give it another chance.  The first time I was there, it was for the Yelp event, and it was not impressed with the food.  I met my friends last night for a dinner party...company was fabulous :)  I was the 4th person to show up and noticed that my other 3 friends got a table for 4.  I was like NO!!!  3 more people are going to show up.  Radio Milano was very accommodating with the table arrangements.  (Which is to say that the service from beginning to end was phenomenal.  We all ordered 2 bottles of sangiovese~merlo wine (which was amazing) and we also some of us split our meals, which gave us a chance to try different things.  I split the house-made papardelle (which came with vegetables that I would have never thought of putting in pasta - Brussels sprouts, squash, and artichokes) which was extremely tasty...though a little too buttery.  They hand made their pasta, which gives it an extra plus.  I also tried the chopped salad which was AMAZING!!!  Yes people, a salad can be that good!  For dessert I had the Chocolate Budino...very rich and you definitely need to share that with others...This was such a great place to have a mini dinner party...very easy to talk to your friends and the server doesn't hound you every moment...she really came by at the "right" times.  She was also very accommodating with the bill when we had to split it 8 million different ways.  (ok, just 5...but still)  I loved loved loved it!  So happy I came back!
5	OK, 1st of all, this is based only on happy hr @ the chef kitchen table.  Our 1st visit was a complete dinner servce, which was GR8, (just never wrote a rvw).  Service was prompt, fast, attentive. (served by hostess). They got her dirnk order twice, so they brought out 2nd martinis 'on the house'. (grey goose pear & gin blossom, both awesome :-)   The grilled artichokes were over-done, but had previously & they were out of this world. Try the smashed potatoes (gloified potatoe chips with rosemary - YUM).  Other than trying to give our seats (when leaving) to a couple with 2 very hungry & tired kids (who would have luved the busy kitchen view) & rudely turned us down, {dispite having a LONG wait ahead,} we had a fantastic visit - will definatley return, with OUR kids (at an apropiate time, not bed-time) AGAIN! THANX!!
3	Parking is a pain here (just like La Grande Orange).  The food seems to be of decent quality and the ambiance is fine too.  However, I think that the portion size are a bit skimpy.
5	Well Chris Demarco has done it again! Great sense of "place" and food to match. Appetizer was Calamari and it was good... not great but good but not great.We got there for happy hour (before 7 PM) and had wine at $4.50 a glass, now that is nice. I had the linguini with clams...you will not be disappointed. Companion ordered the Scampi and a caprese salad. Scampi was a 7.5 on a scale of 10 but the caprese salad was a solid 9.5.We both had deserts, companion with the gelato (good) and I took a "flyer" with the Olive Cake. Pleasant surprise with the Olive cake. I wanted something to soothe my sweetooth craving and I was skeptical. Very good. The cherries on the gelato.....wow!All in all 4 glasses of wine, 2 appetizers, entre's and two deserts around $115.00. Worth it!
2	Went to Radio Milano at 6pm on a Saturday night.  It was HH, so drinks were half price.  The problem was the food.  We ordered devil eggs - they came out in about 15 seconds.  Next we ordered grilled artichoke hearts, which came out in 30 seconds and looked like it had been cooked the day before and heated up.  We shared spaghetti and meatballs - came out in about 30 seconds - tiny portion, hardly any sauce and meatballs were dry.  We then split a olive oil cake which was yummy - but that also came out in 30 seconds.  While we were eating our dessert our waitress put down the check.  We felt like we were rushed - the whole dinner took only about 30 minutes.  The food just tasted old - like it had been cooked a day before and heated up.  Would definitely not go here again.
4	This place is amazing.  The atmosphere is cool, modern and retro at the same time.  The staff is very friendly, knowledgeable and attentive.  I love their cocktails.  I love the clams and the spicy shrimp pasta.  The olive oil cake for dessert is awesome too.  A must try!
4	Radio you totally fulfilled my every desire. The chalkboard daily specials are the way to go. It was my night to get your short-ribs in ravioli topped with an egg over easy. Fucking magical son. Have fun drinking because the bartender makes a stiff pour. I think he liked me. So get krunk have an egg over some bomb ass ravioli and make out with your date. If you cant make out there, walk over to Postino. Youll be sure to get some after that.Dont complain about the parking. Valet that son-of-bitch. Its an added service, use it.
2	Again, Great drinks, great service, great happy hours, and great style but I never have any luck with the food here. This time the bread was not crunchy, it was stale. Appetizer FAIL. Then tried the special of the day, some ravioli dish. It pissed me off, $17 bucks for THREE medium raviolis with a little bit of spinach, pine nuts in a brown butter sauce.  Way to small for the price.  I repeat for emphasis, great drinks and happy hours, but the food is and has always been a huge let down with me.
4	Loved Radio Milano.  Went this past Saturday night.  Started out at the bar, BF loved his Martini, I had wine, Bartender was awesome, very attentive.  My crab cakes were OUT OF THIS WORLD!  BF's spaghetti and meatballs were eh, ok.  Service at the table was a bit disappointing.  Loved the restaurant, great decor, people, etc.   prices and portions are good.  will definately go back.  Next time we will eat at the bar!
4	I love this place. Great atmosphere, the service is always excellent. And the food is terrific. I have been three times and it has always been consistently good.  However, my friends and family think the value isn't there.  The menu items are a bit pricey, that really is the only negative.The menu is simple, which I like.Two must haves if you are going to go:1. Grilled Artichoke Appetizer (absolutely delicious and cooked to perfection)2. Chocolate Budino Dessert
5	Went to Radio Milano for the first time this evening.  Being in the radio business I was curious by the name.  I love this place.  First of the decor is fun, very contemporary with old radios on display throughout the restaurant.  The service was great and the prices are very reasonable.We started out with the chopped salad and we had halibut, veggie Lasagna, meatballs and tuna.  everything tasted fabulous.Looking forward to my next visit!!!
2	Not so much.. great drinks.. great service... but the food and the vibe..better across the way at Postino... Bread a bit stale.. so we got a different batch.. then the same.. My friends spaghetti.. he liked..but again, better elsewhere... my artchichoke, which I ordered off the appetizer menu was burned yet the heart undercooked...how does that happen...hmmm Great decor... great date place maybe... but then head over to Postino.. better vibe.. better wines!
5	My friends and I intended upon Happy Hour at Chelsea's but when we arrived, we were very disappointed to see that the [very small] bar was full.  The Host suggested RadioMilano, as it is within the same family of restaurants.  He was so kind as to call ahead and order an appetizer platter...ON THE HOUSE!  Where do you find service like that anymore!?When we arrived, we were warmly greeted by the Hostess...even more enthusiastic was the Bartender!  He was extremely attentive to ensure that we had a bottomless glass of water (another touch that did not go unnoticed) in addition to our wine.  (Incidentally, the Plungerhead red zinfandel is a good glass of wine.)  Our first plate of appetizers was good but our second plate...the artichokes...was to die for.  The artichokes were cooked and seasoned just perfectly!All of us mentioned how pleased we were with the food and the service and are definitely going to recommend this to others.
2	I had dinner  there last night.. I had never been. Service is great, atmosphere hip. Complimentary valet..(you can't park anywhere in the neighborhood). I ordered the Blood Orange Bellini and it was not your typical bellini..not frozen and frothy. It was champagne in a flute with a sugarcube dropped in. Still good, but not what one would expect..just an FYI. I had the Caprese salad and the Mozz was not served "classically". Cold and sliced in rounds or in balls. It looked like marshmallow fluff and was kind of tangy. I was almost sure I was eating something that may have gone bad. I do not recommend to any Caprese lovers. However, the Organic Chicken with pan seared gnocchi was fantastic. Granted i asked them to add some spice for fear it might be bland.. Spiced it was perfect and Im glad because it probably would have been a bit too bland for me. My dinner date had their signature Pappardelle and that was excellent as well, although a bit soupy which made it messy. Olive oil cake we had to try and I can assure you it does NOT taste like Olive Oil in case you are wondering. Its like a lemony bread pudding but not quite as moist as bread pudding. Delicious. All in all great neighborhood spot but not too much of a variety to eat there repeatedly if you like to try different things, which is my style. Too many restaurants in Phoenix to return only to eat the same item over and over.
5	Okay Radio Milano, I have a confession to make.  I have secretly and unfairly harbored borderline hatred in my heart for you since you overtook the space that once held my favorite Italian restaurant, Pronto's.  I know hate is a strong word, but that is truly how I felt for almost two years.  However, that all changed, last Saturday night.  Radio Milano, can you ever forgive me?You know how you secretly spy on an ex after you break up, just to see what they're up to so you don't get blindsided one day by showing up at the same place.  You know the scenario, you're alone and they are there... looking as fabulous as ever... with their new someone...who also looks as fabulous as ever and the situation is more than...awkward?  Well, in the interest of full disclosure, I've been following @radioMILANO on twitter for awhile now, silently cursing them every time they posted some wonderful looking creation from their kitchen that just made my mouth water.  Yes, I still miss Pronto's.  So after I saw their Saturday Chalkboard Surf and Turf Special, I decided to be the bigger person, put on a happy face, and confront my inner demon.  It took me two weeks to work up the courage (actually, we had prior commitments for 2 weekends), but finally, we made it!  And am I glad we did!First let me say, that once inside, I was completely shocked at the renovation that had taken place.  I did not recognize the space at all, save the arched ceilings.  The ambiance is amazing.  I totally felt like a hipster in an old school Rat Pack flick.  The place just wreaked, "Coolness"!  We were promptly seated upon our arrival. We ordered our drinks; I had a glass of wine, my wife had a mixed drink (something pink) that resembled a cosmo, but made with pomegranate juice.  We looked over the menu, even though we were there for the special and found many things we would have otherwise enjoyed, had we not been there for the surf and turf.We started with an order of the deviled eggs.  Can I just say that these were THE BEST deviled eggs I've ever had?  The consistency of the yolk was more of an egg salad, and the flavors were incredible.  We just finished with our appetizer when our main course arrived.  The presentation was excellent!  The petite lobster tail was cooked to perfection, as was the petite filet!  The steamed broccoli was not overdone and the mashed potatoes were amazing!  Unfortunately, we didn't get to sample the dessert menu because we were both stuffed!It was a pleasure to meet the person behind the @radioMILANO twitter account.  He's a very nice guy.  Yes, I remember his name, but since he doesn't have it posted on his twitter account, I won't post it here.  We really enjoyed our night out at Radio Milano and can't wait to return.  So...Am I forgiven yet?
5	Mondays and Tuesdays at Radio Milano are "neighborhood nights," meaning you can get a salad and an entree, or a dessert and an entree for $20.  Last night was my second experience at RM.  Not only was the food superb, but I can't think of a single other place in this region or elsewhere where you can get a chopped salad and filet mignon for $20.  Everything was top-quality, including the service.Great food, great wine, cool ambiance -- perhaps my new favorite neighborhood restaurant.
5	Absolutly LUV the neighborhood nites special @ M&T - combine that with happy hour = an amazing deal, and a fabby nite out, GR8 drinks, good wines by the glass - o and did u know kids eat free 5-6 ?!?!  try and top that, i say!1 of the best filets i've ever had.  YUM caprese salad!I'll be back next week, i'm sure of it !  (after i vaccum out the cookie crumbs from the car because they hand you a fresh baked cookie upon leaving!)
5	Loved this place. It is very modern and everything about it was fabulous. The food was delicious, the drinks were a little strong, and the wait staff was marvelous. I come from New York and wish we had a place similar to this up here. It's like nothing I've ever seen.  It was quite crowded so I recommend a reservation. We went without one and wound up waiting only about 20 minutes.
4	Radio Milano probably deserves five stars but I'm pretty stingy with that last one.My wife and I have visited twice and have enjoyed it immensely both times.  I was surprised too because it has been open for over two years and I had heard nothing about it (ok, mayben that's my fault as I am far from up on things).  Anyway a friend told me about the "Neighborhood Specials" offered Monday and Tuesday nights so we went to check it out.  On these two nights you can order any entre and any salad OR desert (not both) for just $20.  Believe me it's a very good deal.The parking is non-existent but the atmosphere inside is excellent (contemporary without being over the top, open, clean, fresh and not too loud but with a sense of action).  On our first visit our server was excellent (I'll have to add her name later).  She was attentive, quick, didn't hover, spoke slowly and clearly, and anticipated our needs.  On our second visit the server was just above average.On the first visit my wife got the Roasted Roamaine Salad and the Scallops and Risotto; I got the Chopped Salad and the Rib Eye Steak.  All were superb except I would not order my salad again.  It was good enough but not "oh my god" good.  We got out for $43 (including tax) and hooked our server up with a fat tip (she deserved it).  On our second visit the food was just as wonderful but as I said the service was just a tad above average.Go check this place out.
3	3.5 stars really. A group of friends and I had dinner here last night. I called for reservations and got denied but when we arrived we were seated quickly. I didn't care for the snobby stares by the other customers, but we got over it quickly. The atmosphere is what really makes for this place. Its contemporary but still comfortable with a lot of hustle and bustle. I love noisy restaurants and this certainly fills the bill. A round of drinks later and I still believe that the Pom 40 is the best drink on the menu. The Blood Orange Bellini was TERRIBLE! I thought my friend should've sent it back. We started our meal with the Gnocchi which was so yummy!! The only issue was that it was almost doughy in the center but besides that - it was incredible. :) We devoured it. Our meals were good - around the table was the Grilled Salmon, which was deliciously charred and juicy (his words not mine! lol) and well seasoned. The clams and linguine which was described as the clams were good and the linguine was good - however it was too spicy. If it didn't have the spices, it would have been perfect. My paradelle pasta was good, but not wonderful, It had corn, thick pasta with broccoli and other yummy stuff. There was also a plate of spaghetti and meatballs. It was the spiciest thing on the table and we had to cut the night short because my friend got major heartburn from it. For dessert we had chocolate pudding which was so rich and creamy, way better than the stuff found in those Lil plastic cups. The best way to finish the evening :) Overall, everything was good and fresh but a Lil too spicy to handle. I say, if you're wanting to really spice it up in a bustling and contemporary environment this is the place for you.
4	Neighborhood Nights on Monday and Tuesday. Must I say more? As a member of the Le Grande L'Orange chain of the best eateries in town, Radio Milano has stepped it up to live up to expectations of those who live for Chelsea's, Postinos and LGO. The scallops were to die for and I highly suggest trying out the chocolate pudding for dessert. It tastes more like a chocolate malt. The atmosphere is great and it's perfect for either a date or a night out with friends or family. Remember -- go on Monday or Tuesday when it's neighborhood night. For $20, you get a salad or dessert and any entree on the menu. You can't beat it! Every Phoenix restaurant should follow the Neighborhood Night trend.
4	Charming and comfortable restaurant. Excellent filet mignon, nice caprese salad, and VERY accommodating and polite wait staff.  On my second visit, I ordered a pasta item that was too spicy for me, and they kindly let me send it back twice, until the chef came out and asked me what I DO like, and made something just for me.  Is that amazing or what?  People dress well here, so I feel more comfortable wearing a skirt or something nice.  And we were a bit embarrassed about having the valets park my super spicy friend's work truck (complete with ladders on racks on the roof), but it wasn't an issue. Downside is that Radio Milano can be very crowded and noisy, almost as extreme as Grande Orange across the street.
5	I travel to and through Italy regularly and I have to say, "I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!"
3	winner winner organic chicken dinner... This place is fantastic.  The food was great.  Complimentary Valet parking is key in this neighborhood.  This place doesn't take itself too seriously, so it's fun.   The daily specials are good... Surf & Turf Saturdays with rosemary mashed potatoes and roasted leeks = awesome.   Spiced Pear Martini was fantastic... kinda sweet, but the lady loved it.  The only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because the wine and cocktail list leaves a bit to be desired.   Their signature cocktails are all sweet martinis... not much to get excited about if you dont care for fo-fo drinks.  The wine list isnt very extensive either.  They dont carry any good craft beer either (which absolutely drives me crazy.)  Overall... pretty good, worth checking out.EDIT:  The review above is from when this place was Radio Milano... it doesnt exist anymore...
4	I havne't been into Radio Milano quite as many times as I have been into Postino, but I have to say of those times I have, I was impressed. They have complimentary valet parking which in this neighborhood is a huge plus!Their menu has many different dishes to choose from along with the daily special that always sounds great. The other night when some friends and I stopped in the special was short rib ravioli, yum right? Well, I wasn't able to fiund out, as they were sold out for the evening. I instead got the linguini with clams, and I am glad I did. One of the tastiest things I have eaten in awhile. It was with a light cream/butter sauce with garlice and leeks and clams. If you like clams I would deffinatly recomend this dish, it's perfect!They also have some interesting things on the menu you I am excited to try next time I stop in; deviled eggs, olive oil cake, and their mac 'n cheese.Their wine list was nice, decently priced as well. Radio Milano has a warm cozy inviting feel, anyone can have a good time. Just be mindfull that it is an open room, and talking to your neighbor as if you were at a football game is not the most polite thing to do. I wish the ladies that were out for a batchlorette party that night could have gotten the memo, "they were loud" is an understatment. None the less, we had a great dinner.
5	We went back here again on a "neighborhood night" where any entree with salad or desert is $20--what a deal especially for such good food! I had a pear and vodka drink that was delic! As usual, a little noisy, but still good. Interested to see what the changes will be into "radio cafe".
4	It was by sheer chance that we ended up going to Radio Milano. At the corner of 40th street and Campbell there are 3 different restaurants to chose from, the famed LGO Market and Pizzeria, Postino Wine Cafe and of course Radio Milano. We had every intention of eating at Postino Wine Cafe, but after we were told it was going to be an hour wait, our grumbling tummies knew weren't about to wait that long. Looking across the street at Radio Milano we scouted ahead to see what they wait was like over there, what luck, we were sat immediately!Opened in June 2007 by the same folks who own LGO Pizzeria and Postino, LGO Hospitality, its quite the neighborhood dining destination. The only problem here is the lack of parking, though with complimentary valet service this shouldn't be much of a issue. The space has a laid back eclectic kind of vibe, barrel ceilings, lots of wood and brick and a funky soundtrack playing in the background, which provided a decent thump without being overbearing. Pretty much any where you sit the you'll have a view of the open kitchen, which Im a huge fan of. Something about watching the chefs making my meal just gives a place more of a homey kind of groove. I'm not sure how they did it, but the staff at Radio Milano is not only super attractive but friendly and extremely helpful.Radio is know for their great cocktails, but not one person in our dining party ordered one as we stuck with glass after glass of Peroni ($5), a deliciously light Italian beer.As you might be able to deduce, the food at Radio Milano is definitely inspired Italian with hints of moms kitchen. That mix might sound kind of odd but is most apparent in the starters and salads section of the menu. The appetizers are large enough to share starting with Toni's Deviled Eggs ($5). My mama makes a mean deviled egg so when someone decided to make one, the bar is set extremely high. Shhh, they add bacon to the top of theirs which trumps my mothers creamy delights, it's everything a deviled egg should be and more.Shattered Potato Chips ($6) are made to order and like most parties, whats a party without chips and dip? Served with a creamy mayo and tomato sauce dip, these spuds were crispy along the edges and tender in the middle, these were woofed down in time flat. Another standout were the crispy bites of the Celery Ceasar ($9) which had us all cleaning the plate. The perfectly dressed crunch of the celery was a nice contrast to the creamy shavings of Parmesan cheese. The Tuna Crudo ($10) is an ample mound of fresh raw tuna dressed with a light citrus vinaigrette and served with shattered potato chips. I could have easily ordered another one for my dinner, very well balanced.Main courses include pasta, fish and meat with a surprise or two thrown in, one of those surprises was the Lobster Roll ($19). A huge serving of tender lobster salad was spooned inside of a grilled buttery roll then served with shattered potato chips was amazing. Each bite beckoned for another and another though resist and enjoy each and every one. House Made Papardelle ($17) incorporated hand made ribbon pasta, sweet corn, tomatoes, seasonal veggies and goat cheese. Fortunately every table is equipped with salt and pepper grinders since notably the dish was under seasoned. A quick turn of the grinder brought out the sweet freshness of the vegetables.Aqua Pazza ($23) is a fish offering which rotates frequently. This particular visit, the selection were 4 plump scallops served with sauteed spinach and roasted cherry tomatoes. While the scallops were decent they were swimming in an oily sauce. I think with the addition of an absorbant like potatoes, these would have improved from decent to great.With only a few offerings Dolce or desserts were all that and more. You can order a scoop or scoops of different flavors of gelato which are made by the neighboring Grateful Spoon Gelato ($3-$5). Or go into a wonderfully sugar induced coma brought on my the Radio Chocolate Pudding ($7). Served in a massive glass complete with whipped cream, I'm not sure how you could eat here and not order this as waves of comfort wash over you with each and every spoonful. The citrus spiked Olive Oil Cake ($7) had a super moist crumb and finished with the delightful taste of olive oil.Radio Milano may have been chosen by chance and circumstance but I assure you, when they re-open, future visits will definitely be on purpose.
4	I adore Radio Milano. Tried to hit it up this last Thursday evening and found it to be closed. I was really depressed by this as I have had my eye on the deviled eggs and the beautiful bartender boy the last couple of times I've dined here. (neither of which I've been able to try yet...booooo!!) According to the valet guy across the street at Postino they are scheduled to re-open in early April. Apparently with somewhat more of a "lounge like" feel or some such nonsense. Works for me!  I hope they keep the Tuna Crudo around which is just insanely good. Drown yourself in some chocolate pudding for desert, you won't regret it. Ahhhhh, now I'm hungry... don't worry about me, he was too pretty to be straight anyway.
5	This is a major neighborhood tragedy!  Radio Milano WAS my favorite restaurant in all of PHX.  It had a great authentic italian menu, good foreign wine list, etc....I can taste the Parpadelle, fresh halibut, turkey meatballs, garlic bread, etc...I can only assume that for financial reasons they were forced to change the concept, this neighborhood does not need another 20's something sushi cocktail joint where the sushi is flown in late from the coast and not that good anyways, go to LA if you want good sushi, there are no good sushi joints in PHX (except Roka Akor of course)......you had a good run at Radio Milano we will forever savor the veggie Parp and we will miss you $20 Tuesday Neighborhood Night! : (
4	Radio Cafe on a Friday night2 4 1 happy hour priced just rightSushi sauce and mayo on the lightJust the way I likeColors of brown all aroundFunky music playn' dat sound1/2 a beer and I'm close 2 the ground- - -Full beer and I'm already drunk!Gettn' ready to get crunkWith my boo whom I'm molestin'Under the bar, caressin'"Don't act coy with me,You know you want a piece of meSo let me beAnd maybe your meal be free"Outdoor patio is new Great for summer and the crewSippn' on sake or some brewHate to rat, but girl bartender was wackFinally got my H2O, after asking 3x, yo! And the bill closed out s-l-o-wSpicy tuna and creamy crab were just fabEven the California roll was far from dullRC is a great place for a date, to seek fate,or to talk about bizsnatch that correlates...And I'm out.
1	In its former life (aka Radio Milano), this restaurant was in my all-time top 5 in the Valley. A go-to neighborhood fave, Radio Milano had a pleasant environment, amazing food and best-of-all -- neighborhood night on Mondays and Tuesdays. I found the current Radio Cafe is a big letdown. The menu has been revised to largely comprise of sushi, yet the rest of the items don't seem to follow the Japanese theme. It's an awkward concept that I don't think will satisfy the reputation that Radio Milano had.Don't think I'll be back or recommend it to my friends.
1	I must say Radio Milano was my all time FAVORITE restaurants in phoenix which I never reviewed because everyone already knew how fabulous it was.  Logging into today to realize the venue change has left me somewhere between completely inconsolable and totally suicidal.  WHY WHY WHYYYYYY would you do that to us LGO!  I HATE SUSHI!!!! WHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!
5	It must be hit or miss right now with the new opening..I hope everyone gives it another try as this place is in my hood and I can walk or bike here..although can you get a BWI, or a WWI? I did have a friend get a skateboarding while intoxicated ticket once...uhm? Anyway..I have been here 3 times since it re-opened. Dig the happy hour! really dig the FULL bar selection now! Dig Dig the new outside back patio! I like the eclectic food mix..a little something for everyone..where else can you get sushi, deviled eggs with caviar and turkey meatloaf? Come  on people...times are a changing..I hated that they closed for a bit, and I am very unhappy about the pappardelle pasta  being pulled (please bring it back!!!) and that the celery Caesar use to be all celery...but I'm opening up my expectations of their struggling identity and am willing to frequent them till they get it perfect again. The music is divine and acoustics seem to be better...I like ya..if that counts for anything!
3	I always enjoyed my meals at Radio Milano but the prices were just high enough to keep it out of my regular rotation.  So I was excited about the changes to Radio Cafe, with hope that it might crack the rotation.Everything we had was really good.  The deviled eggs are awesome. My wife enjoyed the chopped salad, with one complaint - no option to add any protein.  I loved the meatloaf, but would like more than just a piece of meat.  I suppose thats how they turned the former $18 meatloaf into the current $14 meatloaf.   We also tried several sushi rolls, and they were all excellent.Despite the quality food, the menu has a disjointed feel to it.  Its half sushi and half "american" dishes.  The sushi is good, but the place just doesn't  have a sushi vibe.  That leaves the other half of the menu, which I feel has limited options.  There are only three things I would consider ordering for dinner, and only one option for my slightly picky spouse.They call it a "bar menu," which is a mistake, because I don't think people will be going there for a drink and a quick snack.  That puts them into competition with Postino.  I would prefer more casual dining options. I think a slight redo of the former menu, with some lower priced options in addition to the entrees, would have been better.  The building is great, all the windows were open, and now the bar opens up to the back patio.  Service was so-so.  I don't expect someone to fold my napkin everytime I go to the restroom or speak with a french accent, I just appreciate some attentiveness.  Check back with the table occasionally and I'm happy.So, with some quality additions to the menu, I think Radio Cafe would attract more repeat customers and bump up their Yelp stars.
2	Like other reviewers, I really enjoyed Radio Milano and was eager to see what was new about Radio Cafe.  There's nothing great about Radio Cafe and we 3 diners were really disappointed in the new concept, which seems to an effort to compete with The Vig.  The new bar menu is much too limited and there's really nothing special about the menu for a return visit.  The space is great and I'm really disappointed that Radio can't find it's groove.  Lower the volume of the music so a conversation can be had, develop a dining menu and be a full service restaurant.  Hopefully LGO is reading Yelp, will come to our rescue and bring back something more in line with Radio Milano.
4	We stopped by Radio Cafe, formerly Radio Milano, tonight for happy hour on the patio...and it was a happy hour indeed!With creamy crab and sweet potato sushi, ahi tuna burger sliders, and housemade crafty cocktails including their signature Port Royal Cocktail, this place has it goin' on!Valet is complimentary, staff is friendly, and music is "spicy" - all of this creates an awesome vibe!I can't wait to return as there is more to the menu that I want to try next time... I am a huge fan of all of the LGO Hospitality Group restaurants, and Radio Cafe is no exception!
2	I was hoping that the revamp would make Radio Cafe on par with its sibling across the street (LGO).   I am sorry to say, NO.  The menu to split between sushi and what they call bar food.  The sushi was good but not great and the bar food was not really bar food.  My wife and i split the following:Bar Food:EDAMAME - good, this is hard to mess upRADIO CHOPPED SALAD - the best thing i eat, no protein and expensiveRAISINBREAD GRILLED CHEESE - sounds a bit strange but somehow is all does work together (in a a odd type of way)Sushi:SPICY TUNA - good tuna, very dry riceSWEET POTATO - to sweet and the texture was just all soft
1	I was a huge fan of Radio Milano. My co-workers and I went all the time. One of the few places that was on par with the places we used to go to in San Francisco. We were all relocated here last year and the restaurant scene has been difficult.Now this?This is a classic example of fixing something that was not broke.We won't go back or recommend it.Try their sister restaurant Chelseas Kitchen - A Major Winner!
