4	I am not a huge Starbucks fan and refuse to become a Starbucks Whore but since the wife and I started the low carb lifestyle this has been a savior to us on those Saturday afternoons.... My order is as follows: Venti Iced Coffee with a squirt of sugar free vanilla and half and half... SO GOOD!! This is our go to location right now for work and we get it about 1 time a week and it id always spot on.. You cant really screw up iced coffee so I am happy with it for now. It was in my frappacino days that I was slowly turned off by Starbucks!
4	Friendly staff. The parking lot is kinda small. And the inside is small too. But the WIFI is fast. Nothing is wrong with the area like others say.
3	This is a Starbucks. It doesn't need a review, and I wish Yelp would quit harassing me to review it just because I check in here a lot!It's pretty hard to fuck up a coffee, and if they do, they replace it right away. :PThe parking here can be a bit of a nightmare, though, since it's on the north side of Desert Inn and the east side of Eastern. Very hard to maneuver sometimes.
4	After an 8 mile bike ride along the Flamingo Wash, I used Yelp to find the nearest Starbucks and this was it.  I don't generally do drive throughs so I parked in their small lot and went inside the store.I ordered my drink, it was ready quickly, and I enjoyed part of it while checking my email on their free wifi.  The staff was very pleasant and on the ball.  I can't say I'll be stopping here often, but it fit my needs yesterday!
3	*Looks around a corner, Starbucks Appears*!!!*Looks around another corner, another Starbucks Appears*!!!!!So many Starbucks', so little time to review each and every single Starbucks that I come across.  This is what you expect, good service, nice feel, and overpriced drinks.  No More, No less. But what the hell is up with the parking situation?  It's about 600 square feet on a corner to fit 2 dozen cars while exiting out on two different streets and a path that leads to the drive-thru.That is almost a legit reason NOT to come here, I feel a possible insurance rate increase is not worth the $4.75 double chocolate chip Frappichino. But it's a Starbucks, I can't really hate them outside of their sheetty parking.#DemolitionDerbyParkingLot#ImGonnaPutOnHipsterGlassesAndWriteArticlesOnMyLaptop#TryingToHard
2	I travel to other Starbucks locations whenever possible even though this one is closest to my It is okay but there locations that have firendlier staff and just look cleaner. They were willing to brew bold which some other locations won't do after 12 noon. There are times when they would not brew a tank but would offer a pour over which I don't want as much as I don't want Pike Place. I will drink McDonald's coffee before I drink Pike Place. Parking is hard at this location.
4	When I first started visiting this Starbucks, my morning Yelp checkin tips were complaints about slowness. But not anymore. I have NO major complaints about this location. In fact the DI and Eastern location runs circles around the one at Flamingo and Eastern. I get consistent service with a smile, my drinks are made correctly, and my order is for the most part accurate 99% of the time. Once in a while they are out of stuff like brown sugar for their "not-so-perfect" oatmeal, but beyond that this location just consistently kicks it. 4 Strong Stars. There's nothing like caffeine handed to you with a smile to start the morning off right.
3	I usually make my own coffee every morning.  Because "Coffee is too expensive."  But this morning I was in a bit of a hurry and I made a quick stop here, at Starbucks.  I am not big on specialty drinks so I just ordered a regular drip.  It was exactly what I expected, friendly and quick service and I was gone.  So, no complaints... but no expectations.
3	It was a grey, rainy and very windy morning in Las Vegas which is unusual. I needed a latte before heading to the NAB convention at LVCC and I stopped here. I don't know if it's the weather but there was a very long line a the drive-in window but no one waiting inside. Because of that, my latte was served in no time and I was on my way. There are a few tables and free wifi if you care to stay longer here.
1	Really? Two cars and it's a 10 min wait, And how in the world did they manage to mess up a vanilla blonde? Vanilla + blonde roast.. Worst location I been too
5	I've had great service here during the morning when I use the drive thru specifically.
4	They are generally pretty quick here. I make frequent stops for my chai tea latte's. As usual Starbucks can get quite busy in the morning hours as everyone is going to work. This is a high-traffic intersection so expect there to be people in line.if you plan to stop by in the morning on your way to work be sure to leave a few minutes earlier so you can get your fix! I have been here in the afternoons and it is generally pretty clean inside. There are a couple of seats outside but it's right on the corner so you will have a lot of traffic noise. Free Wi-Fi
2	This Starbucks is one of the slowest I've been to. It is in a very convenient location for us when we go because it is right down the street from my wife's mothers house but if you don't have 30 minutes to waste on waiting for your fraps just find a different starbucks. Nothing really else to say about this starbucks but they need to learn how to be faster.
3	I am a Starbucks addict which means I get coffee more than 10 times a week from them so I know what the drinks should taste like... And this store sucks at it!! The drinks never taste how they should if I want it sweet it taste like a burnt expressi shot I know it might not sound like a big deal but it's pretty annoying when your driving off to get to your job and you take a sip of a bitter drink.   If I wanted that I could have just gotten a regular black coffee and avoided all the calories
