2	I'm working on my start-up and it's video and music related.  Fender was a company I needed to contact in order to make sure my company wasn't violating any Trade Mark laws.In the beginning of my contacts to them, I was immediately responded to.  Upon my asking the hard-hitting questions to a big wig in the Marketing Department, I never received any info back!  What sucked is that the lack of response on their end made it so that we had to push back our client.  I've left several emails to (now several higher-ups) and still, to no avail.  No response.The "too bad for them" part, was that I was looking at investing a serious amount of money into some customized guitars.  Too bad for them that they'll never know.
5	These guys make world class products, and I am proud to have them in my "backyard". I know a few of the employees over here and they are all down to earth, super-nice folks.Sorry to hear Mistress J has an issue with Marketing - perhaps she should have tried the Legal department?I myself play a Gretsch (which is distributed by Fender) and I love it. I used to be a die-hard Les Paul fan, though the Gretsch converted me.Rock on Fender!
5	We use Fender Amps and Fender Sound Systems whenever we can. The Fender Passport series is fantastically great for small to medium venues for weddings and parties. Never had a problem. The prices are right for different wattage/voltage power versions.
5	Fender makes an amazing guitar. The lower end models tend to stay in tune longer than their rivals. The higher end guitars sound better with age!Fender uses quality materials for their instruments. However, always investigate and see where your guitar is made. Even big companies like Fenders make instruments outside of American in countries like Mexico. The American Fenders sound the best just like American Marlboros taste better than Mexico cigs. Why? Better quality materials and possibly better craftsmanship, too.I highly recommend Fender. I've played Fender guitars for over a decade and they are amazing. I'm also a guitar teacher and I recommend Fender over any other brand.
1	You have things listed on your website that I can't order... False advertising is not a good business practice. #0991002921 listed for 199.00 but can't order in site or a guitar center. I can't order a neck from fender? Maybe you need new IT people.
