5	Wow, what's this place doing without any reviews?  I've been shopping at Harbor Freight since it was one store in Camarillo, CA, selling distressed stuff from the docks.  Now they have hundreds of stores nationwide, & I think every Yelpite everywhere, including Phoenix, should be shopping here if you ever do anything mechanical with your hands!What you get at Harbor Freight is Chineseish but usually high quality hardware & tools.  You pay anywhere from the same price as Lowe's etc. down to 1/4 the price or less!  Here are a couple of examples from my recent shopping:3" standard size electric belt sander:  Lowe's cheapest similar tool:  $49.97  Harbor Freight Tools price for the same thing:  $29.99!10-Piece 3/8" Drive Socket Set (SAE or Metric).  Lowe's:  $22.96 Harbor Freight Tools price for the same thing except super high quality:  $7.99!5x8 Utility Trailer with 12" wheels.  Home Depot:  $2195.  Similar Harbor Freight Tools chassis (build up your own sides):  $275!You get the idea.  If you like saving money, I suggest making this your first stop for anything they carry!  Also, you can ask to be put on their mailing list for regular super specials.  So where's the fifth star?  They can be very busy at times, & operate with a minimum of staff, so you're somewhat on your own.  I provide my own help & leave with great buys every time I shop at Harbor Freight Tools!
5	Can't beat those prices! With some of the power tools, you get what you pay for, but you can buy a crazy cheap warranty, and take it back if it breaks.
4	Although there are several tool stores in my area, this is my choice for purchasing tools and various small gadgets, not just for use at home but as affordable and useful gifts as well. Mid-size, not as huge as a Lowe's or Home Depot but well-stocked with many items, some of which are not found in the bigger places, and definitely with lower prices. Lots of  frequently advertised sale items, too.
5	Just a quick Update to say that I still love this place & shop here all the time.  Yes, you may have to hunt around in the store for what you want, but what you get in return is excellent quality merchandise at unbelievable low prices!!  (Remember too that they allow you to "Double Dip"... buying something that is on sale & also using one of the 20% off coupons that appear in many magazines.)This is a great, great company to buy your tools (& much more) from!!     :-))
1	I have been to many Harbor Freight stores here in the "valley". Most, the staff have been very helpful and only 5 or 6 people in line at the most. Great deals on merchandise for those that are patient ; ) This location at 35th Ave and Bethany Home is the worst. On some Fridays at about 2pm, the management and day staff goes home early leaving the store short staffed with only 2 clerks. One has a bad attitude. The "head cashier" who looks like she's a local tweaker allowed a line to build up of literally 20 customers and refused to open a register herself. The only cashier that was open was helping a customer for about 15 minutes with check problems and was dialing away numbers to the Camarillo, CA office to get approval. It took her 15 minutes to reach someone in accounting while the 20 of us stood in a long line waiting. Some of us asked the head cashier to open up a register and ring us up. She refused and blamed the company for short staffing her. Bad attitude. Told us this is just the was it is on Fridays when the staff runs out from day shift. Finally at 3pm a manager walks in the store and asks whats going on. Some of us customers complained and this cashier finally hops on a register so she doesn't get reamed by the manager. I will not be back to this store location. I will stick with the Glendale and Tempe locations.
1	OK, I read other reviews for Harbor freight and I've come to the conclusion that we don't care about quality anymore. we want cheap. That's what you get here, CHEAP... No Quality. As I said, I shop there too, but I try to be careful what I buy there and not expect much. For instance, I bought a generator and paid $20 for a 2 yr warranty. First one went bad after the 3rd or 4th use (about 2 months). I took it back and got generator number 2. That one never worked at all. When I took that one back they informed me that the 2 yr warranty is good for one exchange and I would have to pay another $20 for a new 2 yr warranty (THAT'S NOT A WARRANTY). I managed to get the last one without paying the $20 (not sure how that worked out). The other option was to return for refund, but there would be a 20% restocking fee...WOW!CHEAP CHINESE GARBAGE...Mostly!
4	Going to Harbor Freight, for me, is like going to the Home Depot of tools.  I will confess to you that if I was looking for really good tools, I wouldn't buy them here.  But for what they offer, their merchandise is pretty good.I particularly like this store and the 32nd st and Thomas store.  They are always willing to help me find whatever I need and usually more.  I discovered today that in the back corner of each store, they have a clearance section.  That is always worth a look for things you don't need.
3	The tools are cheap but sometimes that's all you need. The people here are nice and fairly helpful. I would go back.
3	There are a lot of times when you are doing something that you need a tool for a one time use and then it's probably going to be put away for a long time after that. When you find yourself in that situation, Harbor Freight is the way to go. Sure, go buy the stuff that you want to last forever at Home Depot, Ace, or even the Craftsman section at Sears, but for those one-off tools that you need, save your money, buy the Chinese made junk and get the job done.True, the service isn't very good at this location, but most of the time you can't find anyone to help you at Home Depot either and you're still paying more.
3	It is what it is. Cheaply made foreign tools at a cheap price. There are a few deals if you know where to look. Their hand tools, (sockets, wrenches, ratchets, etc.) have the same lifetime warranty as Sears and some of the others at a fraction of the cost. I've never had one fail, but I understand some do. Customer service is acceptable, but not impressive. Good selection.
