1	Wow.  I if it wasn't for their truffled blue cheese potato chips we had as an appetizer this would have been one of the worst dining experiences ever.  The chips where the best ever.  They were paper thin curly and not too salty. For main course I ordered the sea scallops on spinach over a mushroom risotto with ponzu sauce.  Sounded good.  When the dish came out I tasted the risotto first.  It was crunchy; undercooked.  Then I moved a scallop aside to cut it and see how it compared.  No sooner had I a bite in my mouth than I looked down and saw a green worm, yes a dead grub thing in my spinach.  I felt like I was going to hurl.  Companion says to me: " Just stick it on your bread plate; eat around it."  WTF, who does that?  When I got my waitresses attention she asked if there was anything else she could get me and I reordered.  Then my new meal came out: a steak medium instead of medium rare.  The fingerling potatoes were a bitter.  No manager or chef ever came over to our table.  Naturally, our meal was comped.  I really wanted to like this place.  They try to showcase organic ingredients. The interior is crisp and servers are very inviting.  I know stupid things can happen.  If the risotto was properly cooked, the steak was the right temp or if the chef apologized; then maybe I could give this place another chance.    Maybe they were just having an off day.
1	This restaurant was not the greatest; meals were prepared poorly and the service was slow.  We order well-done burgers and got red under cooked (almost raw) burgers, we were the only patrons in the restaurant and service was still slow.  The music was horrible, absolutely horrible.I have seen a few reviews all have been negative, I didn't believe them and had to try for myself; we will see if my intestines can handle the mistake.
4	First off, I got a gift certificate from restaurants.com for $25 off. So, with that, we had two entrees, one appetizer, two cocktails and the bill was only $20. I think Monday is also their half off night!My eggplant parmesan may be the very best rendition of that dish that I've ever eaten. The sauce was perfect, the eggplant dipped in an eggy batter, was cooked to perfection.'The other person with me had the veggie burger and it was not quite what was expected. I thought it was really tasty...kind of like a fritatta, but we were expecting something more like Burger Bar's veggie burger with big veggies, artfully arranged.The fries were fresh tasting  and cooked to perfection.I scarfed down the Blue Cheese chips. They were kind of greasy, yet, I really scarfed them down, so they must have been good.The menu has lots of dishes with truffle oil...that has to add at least a star.I'll go back!
3	This restaurant occupies the space that formerly housed Bonjour Bistro.  A female jazz singer and a pianist were performing, but the music was way too loud and proved to be an irritation until it was finally toned down. The waiter delivered a bowl of salted edamame as an amuse bouche.  We shared an organic spinach salad with raspberries, blue cheese, grape tomatoes, fresh orange segments and cashews in orange vinaigrette.  Ms. Westie chose truffled macaroni and cheese while I settled for the pork tenderloin stuffed with goat cheese in a white wine sauce accompanied by roasted potatoes on cabbage.  The size of my tenderloin was almost frightening and could easily have fed Robert Leach.  We used a restaurant.com gift certificate so our bill with gratuity only cost $23.
4	We had a really nice lunch here.  Got the restaurant.com certificate, and so the price was right.  All the ingredients in the food were extremely fresh.  I got the slider trio, and the meat, bread, and sauces were all spot on.  The restaurant is attractive.  The only problem was, there was only 1 waitress.  Took us a long time to get refills and our food.
