5	Probably the best of all the venues in the Fringe, Underbelly is a mix of bars, music and a comedy venue. Found just off the Cowgate, near Grassmarket, sometimes you do have a lot of drunk lads outside which can be off putting. However don't let this sway you, once inside it's awesome. Over 2 floors, the interior is pretty grubby, but holds a certain skanky charm. It always has rock / indie music playing and the crowd are generally pretty cool. The bottom bar is always pretty rammed, especially just before a show, but the smaller one upstairs is a lot quieter. They stock all the normal drinks, and as with all the venues are pretty overpriced. The staff are all pretty friendly considering they are always busy and work until 5 in the morning.Underbelly also doubles up as a comedy gig venue, hosting one of the late shows. With tickets costing about a tenner, you get a range of about 4 comics starting from 12 and going on for a few hours. Although the line-up changes every night, all the comics are pretty good and it's a great way to spend a late night
5	The Underbelly has got to be my favourite fringe venue! Really stunning building. No theatre in the world is like it..i'm quite sure of it! Usually a high standard of show too! Can't recommend this place enough...
3	It's unique, it's atmospheric, it's a myriad of different spaces and corridors and passages. But it's a little tired these days - time for a shake up perhaps?The Underbelly is perhaps the very essence of an Edinburgh Fringe venue: unusual location, quirky spaces, an edgy feel that provides the perfect setting for some very interesting work. And yet as the years go by this edginess becomes the norm, quirky becomes a bit uncomfortable and unusual doesn't have quite the same appeal when other venues are out-weirding the place. Added to that a shift in Underbelly's attentions towards Bristo Square and the Udderbelly and you're left with a venue that could do with some additional spark.Perhaps I'm being harsh (I've seen some great work in here during the festival) but you wonder if there's scope to do more with this labyrinth of ancient brick under the Central Library. As the year-round home of the Bongo Club perhaps there'll be more innovation in the months ahead, which could rub off on the festival venue. I shall continue to watch - and visit - this space.
4	I love the Underbelly in The Cowgate, it's one of my favourite places to catch a show during the Fringe. It's massive, it's like a labyrinth inside, there's tons of bars, even a beer garden, and loads of stages, performing areas, and nooks and crannies to get lost in.Do not go in wearing a jacket, the downside of so many things squeezed into one space is that it's sauna-like in it's humidity. You will sweat, you will feel beyond roasting.That may be part of the charm of the place though.Do yourself a favour, when The Fringe is on, check the listings, and get along and check out something here. For my money, the best venue in Edinburgh when The Fringe is on.
