4	If you want to get some food but don't want to settle for being a "dollar menuaire", the crazy chicken is the place to go. I've had my fair share of encounters with crazy chicken:-my brother was once bitten in the arm by a chicken, and soon was able to lay eggs-after finding inspiration in a pleasantly plump mother clucker, my great uncle's dogs previous owner did (what was in his time) the first ever recorded "chicken dance"-I once took advice from a chicken in Wisconsin, and after pulling over to ask for directions, found myself in Canada.Don't be weary. The two piece breast and wing meal (with a drink of course) is better than getting the best parking spot at work, and remembering when you leave ('cause everyone knows when you get that good spot and forget it SUCKS!). Help yourself to the freshly chopped/diced/picked/squeezed salsa bar while you're at it! Might as well....You may need some extra tortillas, it's OK! they're only fifty cents!WIpe up with either the napkin-holders on each table or the individually wrapped wet naps and get on your way... you've got places to be...
4	Went here for my first time with a coworker for lunch and I was pleasantly surprised. I ordered off their value menu which ranged from $1 to just under $2. I got a salad, chicken leg, and a small taco for around $3 - not a bad price, especially if you're low on funds or just cheap.The people were really friendly and had our orders out right away. I liked that they had a little salsa bar with lemons and peppers that you could take to go... not a bad option for a nice quick lunch!
3	Screw KFC and its suspiciously anemic-looking, super-salty "chicken" pieces. The second that I found an alternative to my husband's weird craving for fast-food chicken, we dumped the Yoh! empire brand. I love me some El Pollo Loco. It's super-cheap (family meal for 4, under $20); the chicken parts are identifiable as real chicken; there are always two to three cooks grilling up a sea of chicken, so you know it's fresh; the marinade makes the meat soooo tasty; and the ranch beans are nummilicious. Love stuffing some of the chicken and beans in a tortilla, drizzling with the avocado green sauce and chowing it down. My kids love it. The husband loves it. We only use this one location. The service isn't the fastest, but it is ALWAYS correct and with a smile. I must admit - my last visit there was less than stellar. I was asked to park until my drive-through order was ready. After over 10 minutes, and watching another dozen or so cars whiz through without having to park, I called the number on my receipt (no, not lazy... a car full of hungry kids), to ask how much longer it would be.  The girl who answered quickly mumbled, "Ok, be right there" and hung up before I could reply. I went inside at that point, and asked to speak with the manager. No one would say why it was taking so long (I suspect someone forgot) but the manager had already comped a few flan desserts (not bad for being so cheap). When I explained that this visit was a disappointment, after so many other, very satisfying experiences, the manager asked for my receipt and promptly refunded every cent. I didn't even ask. This removed all doubt as to whether I would return. I will definitely be back. In fact, maybe this Friday... hmmmm...
4	Let me start by stating that I rarely eat fast food and only tried this place due to a coupon and co-workers recommendation.  Was absolutely amazed at how great the food is here, and LOVE the salsa bar (especially the green salsa!!)  Everything is GREAT on the menu, and the service is awesome.  We actually became regulars at one point so the staff got to know us!The only negative is that the prices can get to be steep, almost as much as a regular restaurant after ordering an entire meal.  So at times I wondered why I didn't just go to a regular restaurant and have nicer atmosphere, better service, etc.  Guess this is why I haven't been back in a while, but still haven't forgotten how great the food is and would definitely go back.
4	Got on the El Pollo Train back in college and gave it a try last week and was it ever wonderful & cheap!!!  This must be a weekly visit...thats all there is to say!!!
5	Great service! Chicken was cooked perfect!
4	Oh yum. Why have I never been into El Pollo Loco before?My whole family loves it. If we have a lot of people over, we order one of their big meals with all the sides. They are so good. I always order a large macaroni and cheese and usually eat half of it.They have really good salsas too. If you are going through the drive thru, make sure you request some of their extra salsa- particularly their green one. It is so good. My husband also ask for Anaheim chilis to add some spice to his. He usually goes here for lunch once a week and gets the bowls.I only wish they had a few vegetarian options and this location does not have horchata. Bring me some horhcata! It is so tasty and I wish it was there.
1	I am very embarrassed I ate here. So much so I didn't even photograph because anyone would think this was just a hate review. I will start with my iced Tea.I went to the iced tea dispenser and got splashed in the belly with cold iced tea. The manager just laughed when she saw saw iced tea hit me in the stomach  but she did wipe it off the floor.... (yeah)I thought the packaged salsa looked better than the salsa bar salsa because the salsa bar salsa looked like it was just frozen tomatoes just brought out.The  chicken in my salad was so dry I don't think anybody body would come back for trying chicken here. (In the salad anyway)And the tomatoes seemed like thawed  grainy frozen tomatoes and the dressing was just Mayo with a little green stuff in it.It was very bad food....sorry
2	I enjoy the chicken at El Pollo Loco. I do not enjoy the wait for the chicken at El Pollo Loco and I was admittedly indifferent to the hair that I found on my chicken at my most recent visit at El Pollo Loco. I had waited for ~ 15 minutes for 3 chicken breasts and a wing (no sides, no drink) so I decided to pull the hair off my chicken, remove the portion of skin that the hair was sitting on and have at it. I will say it was still delicious albeit less than sanitary.
1	I'm not the type to bash someones way of making a living. My wife and I went in there Sat nite. We both ordered a BRC buritto and I also got 3 taquitos and she also got 2 drumsticks. Her drumsticks were burned and asked to get others. My taquitos were undercooked but edible. Sun morning I woke up to really bad stomach isssues and my wife threw up. I'm still not feeling well after 2 days and neither is she. I'm really pissed off and feel bad for anyone else that received the same unwanted gift.
1	I had been interested to try El Pollo Loco for some time, as it looked like a better alternative to Taco Bell. Nope, this was not the case.I went through the drive- through. Even though it was only 11:15, the order taker said, "We're out of fajitas". How is that even possible? I asked for a little time so I could think of what to order, and then someone a different person took my order. Based on the way he dressed, I think he was the manager. I watched him put a container of macaroni and cheese with a moderate amount of sauce dripping down the side in the bag. So all containers, napkins, and foil wraps in the bag were covered in sauce while he handed it to me; I could SEE it all through the bag. I just grabbed everything and left. How can I complain to the manager when he is the one who did it?As far as the food goes...the beef torta was super soggy; I only ate 1/4 of it. The macaroni and cheese was ok, but I couldn't differentiate between this and Chinese buffet Mac n cheese.
1	Can't say I would try this place again... The commercial makes it look so good, so my hubby and I decided to give it a try... Well to get straight to the point he ordered a chicken burrito and I ordered the chicken wing meal... He couldn't finish the burrito and left 1/4 of it. About 4 hrs or so later he was violently throwing up, it was horrible, and I was seriously worried. Today he is still weak but at least the puking has stopped... I don't think it was a 24hr bug as I looked up the symptoms and it was salmonella. Sorry El Pollo Loco
2	Took my wife here for the first time, service was great. Food... Meh. We've experienced better.
4	My wife and I have been there twice now and really love their grilled chicken the marinade is wonderful... The side orders are great and usually for $20 you can walk away with a very tasty meal. Definitely will be back. I'm surprised this place is not as crowded as it should be...
1	AWFUL! Chicken was beyond burnt--actually rubbery, leathery and totally devoid of juice. It made you think of those mummies in Egypt, which is not an appetizing thought. There were no customers that evening, and it was the weekend, so what does that tell you? When we called on two separate occasions to speak to the manager, he never called us back. So we went to the web site on the receipt and filled out their lengthy survey and left our contact information. No one from El Pollo Loco's corporate offices contacted us either. Clearly they don't care. Save your hard-earned money and find someplace else to eat. This place SUCKS!
5	Great food and service!  We got the chicken with 2 sides. It was a family sized meal. It was very fresh. I will definitely be back!!
