5	What is not to like about this place?Their pizza is awesome.  I cannot rave enough about their pizza... did i mention that it is good? All of their other food is great too, but 90% of the time I couldn't pass up the pizza pie.I love their happy hour (2-5PM Mon-Sat) with $1 beers and $1 slices.  The staff is very friendly in this family-owned restaurant.  They are transplanted from Cape Cod, so their Clam Chowder is a hidden gem.
1	If I didn't have a big pizza in front of my face, I would have thought I ordered a big serving of attitude with a side of screw you.Maybe it's because we came in with a coupon...but this place had more ego than a 15 minute celebrity.  Not to knock small, family owned places (usually I love going to places like that, because USUALLY you get a friendly family feel), but for a pizza joint located in a shopping center next to Albertson's, they sure wanted to make you think you were eating caviar.Things not so awesome:1.  Whomever answered the phone didn't know East from West to be able to give directions2.  Our waitress couldn't give any suggestions on the food3.  They can't do a half and half pizza unless you paid extra4.  You pay a charge if you want to split a plate of food5.  ATTITUDE, ATTITUDE, ATTITUDE6.  Tip was already included in our billI've never been to a family run pizzeria that can't do a half and half pizza, and the only restaurants I've ever been to that charge to split a plate of food are ones where you'd feel more comfortable wearing  a dress - definitely not one in a strip mall like this one.I swear if the two waitresses rolled their eyes or huffed any more than they already did, they probably would have fainted from lack of oxygen and vertigo.And last time I looked, I believe I was old enough to do my own math for your tip.  If you were so scared we were going to stiff you on your tip, maybe you should learn a little something called Cuss-toe-mer Sur-viss.Foodwise, the pizza was not the best I've ever had, in fact it was a bit on the dry side.   I can't say it was absolutely horrible, but neither can I say I was in heaven.  The wings were much better, in my opinion.For the pain of the drive and having to dodge eye daggers, this is a definite no-peat.
1	I agree with Margaret's view below. There is a lot of attitude at this place. Until recently, they used to charge you for refills on drinks.  There is a lot of attitude here from the waitstaff.  They hire a bunch of kids who don't know there menu and really don't care about their food....or you for that matter.  The pizza has no taste. The cheese clumps instead of melts. The toppings like the pepperoni tastes as if came of a DiGiorno frozen pizza and their other Italian dishes taste as if someone bought some Hunts Ketchup and poured it over pasta. Oh yeah and did I mention the attitude?  The only reason this place is still in business is because its become a happy hour hangout among the students in the area and the blue collar workers who to get their fill of their dollar Budweisers.  I feel bad for anyone who actually takes this place seriously and drives here to have dinner. Their wings are good and their happy hour is amazing otherwise, I'm giving this place one star
5	Love this place....maybe not the fanciest place, but the food is great, portions are hearty, clean atmosphere, and although the servers are young and not the most cheerie, they  are absolutely nice and attentive!!!!I live in the area and find that you give what you get.  If you have attitude and treat people poorly then expect it back!  I'm a beliver in treating servers with respect and not like your personal butler.I've never experienced anything bad.  The food is great the waitstaff has always treated us very well!!!
4	I like these sort of "mom & pop" spots, small and intimate setting.  Great pizza!  I always enjoy the veggie pizza with jalapenos, oh so good!  And mu hubby loves the suicide wings, but we've tried almost everything off of the menu and you CANNOT go wrong.  Prices rock too!
2	This is NOT the famous Grimaldis pizza that everyone hears about.  There's a fuss over who gets to use the name, presumably it's either the location on Scottsdale Rd. or the new location just off the 101 at Northern in Peoria.  Either way, this is not the famous Grimaldis.Pizza is very average.  Service is usually poor, and usually from teenage kids with little to no training as servers.  In fact, it's unclear whether it is full serve or not.  Sometimes you have to go up to the counter to order, and other times they correct your behavior and insist that you sit down first.Pizza by the slice isn't so great in the afternoon hours because it is reheated stuff from much earlier with a drizzle of fresh cheese put on top of the old, starting to form skin crusted cheese.Afternoon happy hour attracts an unsavory crowd looking for cheap chicken wings and light beer.Family owned, but who cares if the service is often bad and the food isn't so great.
5	This place is not to be confused with PATSY Grimaldi's, which is in SCOTTSDALE, but also quite good. I think a lot of people come here thinking it is something else, and then get their panties in a bunch and whine because they're stupid and can't read.If you're looking for simple and delicious pizza and wings then you have found the place. This is one of the best classic pizza and wings joints I've been to, easily in my top three. The pizza is thin yet floppy, the toppings are great (try the sausage, it's sliced like pepperoni), the wings are crispy and the sauce is nice and hot... The food is just good. It is a full service place, I've never had any service issues there. The counter register is for take-out orders (duh) They have some good beers on tap too. I like to get a pitcher of Amber bock there with the folks when they're in town.If you're a coupon person, they are in the 2009 Entertainment book, very much worth it.The bottom line is that both Grimaldi's pizzas are outstanding, but know where you're going before you go there and complain.
3	Had a family gathering recently and no one could decide on what food was wanted.   We finally settled on delivery from Grimaldi's, as I had recently learned of it from some other Yelp reviews.  We ordered the pizza and wings special, with half cheese/half mushroom on the pie and half mild/half honey bbq on the wings (note: was not consulted on the wings, as I definitely would have gotten hot wings...).  The pizza had nice flavor, but as I've seem to run into lately, I never get nice crisp on my thin crust pizzas.  I know, part of that is having it be delivered, but I have certainly have had crispy thin crust delivered before, so why not now?  Anyways, I think getting a pizza onsite hot and fresh would probably be pretty good.  The mild wings were okay, the sauce had a nice flavor to it, but needed a little more kick.  I really liked the honey BBQ wings (which is normally something I don't like).  Perfect amount of sauce, and the wings had a nice crisp to them, along with a good flavor.  Grimaldi's receives a 3.5, but rounded down to 3 stars.  I would definitely like to try them again, dine-in this time.
3	There's not much really to say about this place.  In a boring location, dull decor, and food is mediocre.  It serves a purpose for people wanting pizza in the nearby area and that's about it.  The only other thing the restaurant has going for itself is that it's a family run mom & pop place and not a chain.  I have no problem supporting local businesses.The pizza and pasta I've had here was just ok, nothing special.  If a little more love was added to their ingredients I think they could get a few more bodies in there.  They also may want to train their servers to help patrons have an enjoyable time while dining.  That's one of the things that keep people coming back.
3	Oh, come on-this place isn't awful :)  Seriously, the wings and chowder were good, and I'd actually come back here for their happy hour.  One thing about the pizza, which was the low light of our dining experience, was the sliced sausage.  Now, I know what you're thinking-little sausage discs all over the pizza right??  WRONG!!  They slice the sausage paper thin LENGTH wise!  It's like thin gyro meat or something...I've never had that and I've had a LOT of pizza over the years :)  I'm a Chicago gal, this pizza is just different and doesn't hold a candle to the good Chi-Town joints for 'za.  Not that that's a bad thing, but it's all about expectations.
4	I love this place - I was so happy to finally find a decent restaurant in the West Valley.  Love that its a local business.  Pizza is great and I've heard so many great reviews about the rest of the menu.  Great casual local neighborhood restaurant!  Great customer service and prices too!
1	Is this full service or not? The entire little room of maybe ten tables are clearly viewable by the 3 ladies behind the counter, yet many of us are walking up to get our own refills and pay the check.  They must really be struggling because it must have been in the low 80's in the dining area, and they actually have handwritten lunch & happy hour menus that were xeroxed.I dined well after the lunch hour and it looks like my 2 slice special was from whichever pie was made awhile ago.  Pizza was just ok, mainly for that reason.  Only beer available on tap is Budweiser products.  No craft beer.  Wow just noticed similarity of experience to my last visit a year ago.  Maybe I should give up trying.
5	Buffalo Wing...$0.35Draft Beer...$1.00Slice of Pizza...$1.00Grimaldi's during Happy Hour...Priceless
2	the food was standard and okay. the service was mediocre. but what i really want to talk about is the menu.first, the entertainment book coupon is only good for about five dinner-menu items. there isn't even an alfredo option. so that was limiting and disappointing.next, the regular menu also includes a catering menu, and there are far more enticing options on that menu. but they won't make any of them unless you are buying in large quantities. if someone could explain that logic to me, it would be helpful.with so few choices available, i don't really see a reason to go back.
3	When I heard we were going to Grimaldi's I had my heart set on New York Style Thin Crust Brick Oven pizza.. THIS IS NOT that Grimaldi's. Normally if i want pizza - I will just make it myself, BUT I had been hearing great things about Grimaldi's. I didnt realize that this wasnt the same one as the one in scottsdale or the one on 99th and Northern... That being said... This is a nice "family" style pizzeria that is from the East Coast, small cozy atmosphere. There are roughly 12-15 tables in the restaurant.. When we walked up I thought it looked like it was a carry-out only type of place. Several items on the menu we found out were only for "CATERING SERVICE"Service was mediocre. Food however was fairly good. I love a good calzone so we ordered two meatball calzones, a small kids pizza for my daughter and my son got a medium pizza and we got an order of wings. The kids said the pizza was good ( I thought the sauce lacked garlic and spices ) The calzones were huge and stuffed with meat, cheese and a tiny bit of sauce. They were lacking in flavor though. There wasnt enough garlic in any of the food, The sauce was more of the consistancy of tomato paste. Our glasses all ended up dry several times and while there were three waitresses they all seemed to rather hang out by the register than help customers - except for the few friends they had come in - they got great service. Had to go to the register to get our check at the end of the night and we had to get our own refills a few times. all in all the food was ok. I'd recommend adding some spices to the food (GARLIC, some oregano, a little salt... ) - its an ITALIAN restaurant NOT DOMINOS. I will give them one more try... being that they are 20 minutes from my house, I don't think I will go out of my way anytime soon.
2	Oooh forgot to do a review on this place when i was in Glendale, AZ!So after a long, painful, strenuous 3-4 hour hike in Camelback...the 6 of us were about to eat each other in the car....so even with bleeding arms and legs (for me since i fell when coming down the hike -_-") they convinced me to try this place before heading back to the apt to bandage myself...it was a relatively small pizzeria...max capacity was maybe 25...but thank god we didn't have to wait..or we would have started eating other people's food! well we ordered a 24 inch pizza with half n half sausage and pepperoni and 24 wings. The wings came out first and they were pretty good...decent size and just the right spiciness for the medium ones. Then came the big 24 inch pizza....i took one slice onto my plate and the grease started dripping everywhere..! omg this was one super oily and greasy pizza! it was somewhat horrific the amount of grease and oil coming from this one slice of pizza...but i was so hungry i gobbled it down in a matter of seconds...then i went for a second slice..then a third....then i thought i was going to die because my arteries are now all clogged. =/ well despite the fact that i had three slices of pizza....it wasn't really good...it's good if you are starving and about go cannibalistic.....  but otherwise on a normal day i don't think i would have eaten three slices...so why does my bf and his buddies like this place?? from what i was told it's because they are cheap and super cheap at happy hour. and well the service is not that bad either.
4	Yay! I'm a fan.Small, family place with great happy hours deals on pizza and beer.  Service is fast and I tried a mushroom slice and the wings, ordered them hot.  The girl serving beer was on me every time I needed a cool off drink from the heat of the wings.  I was completely full and she offered me a free slice, stating they had made an extra by mistake.  I was full but really appreciated the offer.Thank you
4	This place is solid for happy hour. It has a small dining area and a mom and pop feel to it. As others have mentioned, the food is good not great. However, I tend to also look at value for the money. The pizza has delicious thin crust due to the type of oven they have. Toppings are mediocre, they tend to put a lot of sauce and not enough cheese. That said, do you know a better slice of pizza for a buck? I don't. They have very good wings which are usually cooked perfectly and seasoned (sauced) likewise. Sliders are decent too. In this economy a dollar beer goes a long way in my book.    The servers have always been friendly to me, I guess I am usually in a good mood when I go out and it shows. I generally do not allow people to give me bad service.     The prices are unbelievable during happy hour. 40 cent wings, dollar drafts and tons of daily specials.     I would like to give 3.5 stars but will make up for the peron that said the same thing and lowered his to 3 by giving 4 stars. I'm an optimist.     See ya for happy hour @ Grimaldi's!
3	Now I am a looong time Streets of NY fan so Grimaldis was an exciting visit as I had been told by many that it is simply the best pie around.  I was not disappointed.The first thing that you notice about the pizza is the sauce!!!  Deep deep tomato flavor, matter of fact so tomatoey that you might think your standing in a field of San Marzano tomatoes.   All the other ingredients to include the delicious crust married-up to produce a very satisfying meal.For me I am still a Streets of NY fan but I will be giving the fine folks at Grimaldis a visit or two or three in the near future.Wait staff was very nice and very efficient.
4	I had a gift card from restaurant.com, meaning for $10 gift card I had to spend least $20. I went with my date yesterday. The 2 topping pizza was pretty good and well priced ($7 though 10' and pretty greasy), the mild wings were very good ($8 for a dozen, crispy with just enough strong flavor. Date liked both the pizza and wings so that was a big plus. To make sure I spent $20 also got large fries (it was fine and a LOT) and to finish it off we got one of their big cookie desert but never got to eating it...still in my car. After spending 20 bucks, plus 18% gratuity and tax, minus the gift card, we spent $16.08 (plus the $1.5 I paid for the gift card thx to the promo) which isn't cheapest thing but for all the food we got it was a great deal and way better than the $49 I spent at Black Angus.All the grease made me need to really wash my hands and their bathroom was very nice and clean as far as I could see. Though I have to admit, I've been eating fairly healthy for the past 2 months and eating so much food that isn't exactly healthy made me hit a wall and I had to just stop after 2 slices of pizza, 5 or 6 wings and like half pound or 3/4 of fries or risk throwing up. So if you're looking for healthy meal, don't order this stuff go with their salad or  Eggplant Parmigiana, etc. My big complaint was that the place was pretty hot, like maybe 85 while we were there thought to be fair we were very close to the counter since that was the only 2 seated table that was open, the rest were 4 seats or more and there were was a family of 5 there and a group of like 7-8 people having a birthday party dinner. While I would go again, I might not for a little while just since it's not in the typical location I visit and it's the type of food I try not to eat too often these days.
4	I love the fact that this place is so close to home. But they have a delicious white pizza and the wings which we always order extra crisp, always come out perfect.The only thing I would change on the white pizza would be to cook the onions more. I felt last time they were raw and overpowered it. The wings were a bit on the spicy side for medium, my 12 yr old who always orders medium anywhere else has a hard time with it sometimes but I love them. Its a small no frills place. But they have an extensive menu that includes New England clam chowder,salads,pasta, sandwiches and Italian dishes. The service is friendly. Not over the top, but never bad. The tomato sauce on the regular pizza is unique. Great flavor and I have not had a sauce like it anywhere. But still my heart is with the white pizza and wings! Go on Sunday for some great prices. You can't beat the cost and quality!
4	I have been at this place several times.  They've got an awesome Monday happy hour that includes pizza, wings, beer and other stuff.  I gotta say, the pizza is much better when you don't get it on happy hour b/c they just reheat slices with new topping on top during happy hour.  But the wings...coming from someone who is picky about wings...they are what keeps me coming back again and again.  I think this place is family run and not related to another Grimaldi's in Scottsdale.  Overall, this place is pretty nice on the inside, but can get kind of crowded b/c it is small.
5	$11 for such a huge, homemade delicious serving of ziti which was big enough for 3 people...so worth the money.Great flavor here.  Next time it's Lasagna Day when I go!!!  Yippeeeee!!!Such a small restaurant with 3 people as wait staff?  I was stymied when I came in.  I had never seen this before, so I guessed they must really get business on Friday nights.   Plus, I saw 3 people in the kitchen, too.  That's a darn big staff for such a small place.  I sat down at 5:30 pm or so and waited.  Sure enough...one by one, couples came in.  It does get busy.  And this was early, folks.This is one place not to miss.Sooo glad I bought 2 Groupons for this joint.  I will be a regular even when they run out...for sure!!!And you know this place is great when two really, really fat people walk in.  You could tell they were regulars, too.  The show they put on was worth watching:  head in the trough, slopping it down.  Don't blame them, tho...the food here is good from what I tasted.  So, next time you see me there I might just be the one whose head is in the trough slopping it down.  Me likee this joint!!!!
2	Too bad I thought this was the same Grimaldi's as the ones found in Peoria, Scottsdale, Chandler etc. that are also related to the Patsy Grimaldi's in New York. I was so so wrong and I'm surprised they are able to have the same exact name. This place has nothing to do with those delicious places which is obvious from the pizza we got, it tasted like something you'd get from pizza hut. Hardly any flavor and very generic. Service was horrible which was disappointing as we were the only customers in there so you'd think they could find a way to be a little attentive rather than chatting away with each other. The food was inexpensive which was great considering it was a complete flop. One member of our party did enjoy their ziti but the pizza is horrible and with practically no service I would never go back there again, no wonder why they were empty when we went
2	Out of kindness I am giving this place a 2 star just for the good crust--and it is really good crust--but their idea of pizza is lots of tomato sauce.  Where is the cheese?  I ordered extra mushrooms and pepperoni, and the owner is so cheap that he scrimps on anything that costs him money--altho he has no problem taking yours (money, that is).Never again will I order their pizza cause it sucks totally.Their ziti is good.  Stick with that.  On another note, try going in there with a Groupon-type coupon and you will find you cannot order anything that smells of happy hour prices or any of the specials listed on the blackboards.  I think the person who runs Grimaldi's at this location sits and thinks of any way he can cut costs--even if it means a pizza with so little cheese you need a search party to send out to find it.  He gives so little as he can on the extras you order for the pizza, too.  All he does is give you lots of the cheaper stuff like flour and water crust and tomatoes which aren't expensive.  I get what he's doing, and hope some here aren't so blind and stupid that they don't get it.Very disappointing management decisions.  Either raise prices so you can give better food or close up.
4	Get the half-pesto, half-marinara pizza ... it is amazing. We've always had pretty good service. Only once did we have a problem with our order, which we would have ignored, but we accidentally got pepperoni on the pizza and I've got an allergy. They brought us a new pizza and gave us a discount on the check. Great tasting pizza, incredible crust, great salads and desserts, good beer and good service. I like both the Scottsdale and West Valley locations, but West Valley seems more open and easier to get a table. We will go back again and again.
4	Ordered a large pizza with everything from this pizzeria and was very happy with the taste and the quality of the pizza. I went to pickup the pie and the place is super cute with lots of TVs on the wall and very friendly staff. I will definitely be back!
1	RUDE OWNER!We have been going to Grimaldi's now Grazzianos for 10 years.  We are a family of 5 and My stepson who is 26, and husband are BIG eaters. They can easily eat enough food for a family of 6 all by themselves. Today, we walked out and vowed never to return because of the owners rude behavior. We love the wings and the happy hour specials and always support a family business over the big boys. Anyhoooo....If you order hot wings it must be in increments of at least 6 and you get a dressing. If you order in increments of 12, you still only get one dressing. So my stepson has 2 orders of 6, just so he can get his 2 dressings. Well when they refused to give him 2, without charging him the extra .59 cents. I mean the money won't break us, but the principal of it all is crazy. So he calls the owner over and asks her. As soon as she got to our table she was rude and told him in a tone "so basically your wanting to get out of paying the extra .59 cents. No" I have never seen a restaurant owner speak to someone like this. Then we called her back when the food arrived, and she struts over to our table and first thing out of her mouth was "Now what?!" Really? That left a bad taste in our mouth and he told her "forget it. Give me the check for the drinks and salad. We are leaving" She argues and says "over .59 cents?" He says "No. Over your attitude, I did not need to be talked to like that" She says "You don't understand how expensive ranch dressing is!" In her condescending tone. I was floored. She lost our weekly business for sure. Now, as a restaurant owner she should have written off the ranch dressing as we have been loyal customers for YEARS. The other people who work there are nice and I feel bad for them, if she treats her customers like this imagine how she treats them. I hope she sees this review and responds with her feedback. SHE has no one to blame  for lost business but herself.
1	Somebody close this restaurant down, doesn't matter how good the food is because the atmosphere is concentration-campish and the staff are like Nazi prison guards.
4	Always good
5	First time here and it was really good. My lasagna was delicious and I have enough left over for 2 more meals. My husband had the sausage and tortellini which he really enjoyed, although he did admit that mine was better :) Also got a "kids" pizza which for plain cheese was quite tasty and a great deal. I did not experience any of the problems with the wait staff that some other reviews mentioned; friendly, prompt, and kept our drinks filled, I really don't ask for more. Looking forward to trying the wings and a few other "specials" since neither of our dinners were actually on the menu.
2	Not impressed. My 29 dollar pizza was not only cold when it showed up, but flavorless as well. At least my toddlers seem to like it...
5	Great food! Had a 14" greek pizza, 24 wings and eggplant parm. All hot and fresh.  Worth the wait
4	Great food and best bang for the buck! Go in during happy hour and you wont regret when you leave! Must try their wings and sliders, i prefer mild wings and tuna melt sliders.
5	ALWAYS very happy when I'm at Graz! Service is great and the food is to die for! Pizza is awesome and the wings are by far the absolute best I have ever had, and that's saying something.
5	Freakin' Delish! Friendly, delicious,  happy hour rocks! Even the normal prices are killer!!!
4	Pleasantly surprised. Pastrami & Roast Beef sliders were great! Cheese fries with bacon,  yummy. Heaping pile of fries well cooked, cheese and bacon throughout. Will be back.
5	Always good, especially the wings, and I have tried all the wing spots within a five mile radius.
5	OUTSTANDING!!!!  Will definitely be ordering their pizza in the near future!
