5	Fantastic, Fantastic, Fantastic.You need to come and check this place out. That's it.I enjoyed the French Onion soup, black and blue burger and have come here with co-workers for a few pints after a long day in the office. Highly recommend.
4	One of the best places in the burg to get great beer. I'm a big fan of teh Troubador. The food is pricy, as well as the beer but you defentialy get a good product.  Get there during happy hour and look for M. Kail.Great place to go in the middle of the day during the winter to catch a buzz.
4	Beer is awesome, but food can be hit or miss and is definately too pricey for the taste. Needs some lighter menu choices too. However, go for the Belgium imports!!!!
1	This place screwed me on the on the check and refused to do anything to take care of it. I have never in my history of dining out been to a place that did that and didn't care about their customers.
5	Love this place, hate the fact that is halfway across the country.  A definite must for beer enthusiasts.  The best selection I have seen anywhere, they have a true variety and not just a few imports.  I am a lover of Belgian Beer, and this place really hits the spot. They have an excellent selection both on tap and in bottle, though the bottle selection is larger.  Much like wine the various styles of beer have a specific glass.  Some places fail to realizes this, but not Sharp Edge.The beer alone makes it, but the atmosphere is just the cherry on top.  Wonderful, classy, and relaxing atmosphere.  Not at all a dive, or even some swanky nose in the air joint.  Just a nice friendly place to sit back and enjoy some brew.The food is split between typical bar fair, and honest to goodness entrees.
4	I have a soft spot in my heart for the Creekhouse. The draught selection and attention to detail with beer can rarely be beat anywhere. If you are looking for Belgians (beer, not people) then i can't  imagine anywhere better but perhaps Brugge itself. I would give it 5 stars, but the food is often not good and is overpriced. Their 'belgian fries' are not even close, sorry. Go for the amazing beer selection, you will never be dissappointed.
4	I have not been to this place in over 5 years until last night . It's a place that I think is easy to forget is there . You really need to know the area to find it . Known for it's huge beer selection . No dissapointment . 5 stars .The food is typical bar food with a few better enterees. 3 stars . The service  we had on the deck was top notch . The bar inside seems small but cozy . Great place to take a date and sit on deck and chat .
4	Stellar beer selection, and though I am not a huge pizza person I loved theirs.  Service is always available a moment before you know you need another beer.  Great happy hour prices and atmosphere.
5	Last year my husband and I went on a date here and the food was very delicious. The waitress was awesome and still to this day when I come in with my cousin, she still remembers me and asks about my husband and our son. I don't think its possible that they could serve a bad dish. The choices of beers are impressive and the atmosphere is inviting and laid back. This place is one of those joints where you would being an out of town friend because it is just that great.
3	So the first time I went to this restaurant my sister told me "Kate, I found this awesome GREEK spot we should try!" haha. At least she is pretty...So I have been here twice. The first time was mediocre but the second time is a bit more fresh in my mind. I love beer! I wish I didn't love beer so much but I have tried to not drink on mondays so this is a "non-drinking review", for once. It was gorgeous on monday so we decided to sit outside on their patio with a beautiful view of an underpass...(its pittsburgh not Maui, I understand) Service was a little spotty in even though we had two servers but it was a beautiful night and we weren't in a rush. I am always trying to eat healthy (summer is coming) but this was challenging at this spot. I ended up with the mediterranean ground chicken burger with feta and a salad. Pretty good (I ate the whole thing) but something was a little off. I don't think I would get it again.  Something about their menu intrigues me but there is always some that throws off an option for me. I think if I go back I might switch to drinking my dinner here.PRO: Outdoor seating, beer list, friendly service (although spotty)CON: Limited wine list, menu kinda misses with me, not many healthy options, strange lingering creek smell, spotty service, not a cheap bill when we all just got sandwichesOverall: Might go back for light apps and drinks not dinner tho
1	Here is my second bad review I have written and oddly enough it for another Sharpe Edge location.  See my review of the Brasserie  in Peters Township to learn of that most embarrassing situation. I have been a fan of the Sharp Edge since the mid 1980s when my friend Scott and I went almost weekly for about 5 years and enjoyed tasting what was at that time the only wide ranging beer taps in Pittsburgh.In the past year I have had bad experiences at three different Sharp Edge locations.  In this review I will only discuss the extremely embarrassing situation at the Creekhouse.Wow what a mess this was.  First, the server never came around, often waiting 15 minutes for him to acknowledge our existence.  Interesting that the manager finally started waiting on when we complained, but he was no better.   I ordered an appetizer for my wife since she was coming from work and asked for it to be made immediately. After another 15 minute wait he stopped by again and asked if we wanted the appetizer to go in????  We were waiting insufferably long to get our drinks refilled and quite frankly, ignored. Of course they also have the NEW policy of no samples for beer.  Another reason o go elsewhere for your $8.00 beer.  My friend had called around 4:30PM to learn if there was a lenten fish special, the person on the phone told about the $11.99 Friday Fish special.  When we got there we learned from the manager that the special was only for lunch and that we would be paying $15.99 for the fish.  He went on to tell us that "no one would have told you that the special was $11.99 for dinner".   I truly enjoy being called a liar by the manager in front of friends.  We paid our bill and left and went up the road on 60 to Butyas where the fish sandwich was huge and delicious and the server was awesome!   By the way, no one called us liars there either!    A quick note on their food.  I have never been a fan of their food except for the white pizza.  In recent years they have industrialized their food, pre-making it in a central kitchen.  It is substandard even by basic bar food standards and   it is EXTREMELY overpriced. Sorry Sharp Edge, no more second (third) chances.
3	"Where to Find the Best Belgian Beer Bar in North America".  Well, I can't comment on that because I'm a non-drinker.  I was out in Crafton doing a site visit for work and thought I'd stop in here for some lunch.  I have to say I love the building this place is in.  It does look like an old creekhouse.  I've been by this place before and I'm pretty sure it's been other things.  So I sat myself down, opened the menu, and --yow!-- the prices here are a little steeper than I thought they might be!  Oh well, it was getting past lunchtime and Susan's tummy was talking to her!  I was looking at the appetizers and I saw the Belgian Pomme Frites.  Yikes!  That thing probably could feed five.  I was also thinking about some soup and I noticed the Hop Devil Potato.  "Creamy cheddar cheese soup spiked with Victory Hop Devil (whatever that is), loaded with tender potatoes and served in a sourdough bread bowl."  That's not just soup, that's a meal!  For two, it seems!  So I went for the Rueben, figuring that wouldn't be so ginormous and even if it was, I could get half to go.  It didn't disappoint and I did end up taking half of it with me.  My sandwich was good though.  I give Sharp Edge a solid three stars because:Pro:  Excellent atmosphere in a pretty building.Semi Pro:  Food is good, but it's typical bar fare.Con:  Kind of pricey.
1	Fool me once, shame on you.  Fool me twice, shame on ME!  I had stopped in to this place with friends to have a drink, and despite being a little put off by the servers, I came back because they usually have a really nice selection of beers.  My first mistake was to order anything from the kitchen.  My second mistake was to take my wife there and meet with some friends, and order something from the kitchen.  Bottom line - the kitchen, the people who plan the menu, the wait staff, and probably the kitchen manager are basically clueless about food and food service.  If you want to try an unusual beer that you have never tried before (beware, some of them are pretty nasty and they no longer seem to want to give you a "sample" cup before you order) and you don't mind spending a LOT of money for an unusual beer, by all means stop by and check out.  Just do yourself a favor and don't come hungry!
4	a tad on the pricey side, but the beer selection is TOTALLY worth the trip...and the bill.(employees are always incredibly knowledgeable about the beers, too.)
5	The beer selection is unbelievable and the prices aren't terrible as they are a little lower than some of the other Sharp Edge locations. Try the pizza for a solid yet inexpensive meal.
4	Beer. Belgian Beer.  Okay, they have other beers too, but this is a Belgian Beer joint and likely one of the best around. The mussels are great and the pub-like atmosphere is super cool. This was previously a house turned into a restaurant bar.  It's really well done and serves the clientele very nicely.  Gotta stop in for the heavy and tasty Christmas brews. Pricey, but relatively good if you consider all the shipping receiving, stocking of this exquisite beer collection...
3	Another day another Sharp Edge.  I'd say this would tie with the Friendship location.  It's the same kind of feel, dark interior like a ski lodge/beer emporium.  You know the type...right?!I love their Almond Cranberry Chicken Salad platter.  It comes with a huge helping of chicken salad, a huge helping of pita bread, tomatoes and apples.  I just love it.  I think I love it so much because it's so creamy with mayo.  Which is probably bad, but oh so good!I haven't been to this area before, but it seemed like this was a prime choice considering there's not...many...other...choices around.  And get the salad, I promise, you won't regret it!
4	Great food, excellent beer selection, good service, excellent (fun and classy inside or fun and relaxing outside) ambiance.
4	Yeah, I didn't like the calamari either, but as a mussel-fanatic, I was very pleased with what Sharp Edge makes. Mine had curry in them and the bread soaked up the broth nicely. The mussels were good and tender. Oh my God, the Belgian Chocolate Pudding is soooooo delish! I also liked dining outside. Cool place to eat.
3	Stopped in after the Ben Folds concert with a few folks.  I have a soft spot for the Sharp Edge because I love all things from Belgium and believe that everyone should spend some time in that wonderful country.  Enjoyed our late dinner, but believe the Buffalo burger I ordered was actually the lamb burger and everyone's pomme frittes were cold.  They were out of red sauce for pizza.  The waitress was nice but very new.  Too expensive to have such spotty service, but will probably return for a Belgium fix.  Hoping it was an off-night and the food truck would be in the next day.As always--great selection of brews and a friendly atmosphere.  If you haven't been, you need to give it a go.
4	My GF and I go to the Sharp Edge Creekhouse pretty regularly. We play trivia there on Sunday evenings. We usually get the Field Green salads with the Raspberry house-made dressing - it's made with framboise and it's amaing. My fav is the flatbread pizzas. The jerked BBQ chicken pizza is my favorite. Sharp Edge has an world-class beer selection. I knocked-off a star for service. Some nights the service is excellente. Some nights it is awful. I don't know if it's kitchen or wait staff to blame. But, more times than not, they don't have enough servers on-duty for an unexpected crowd. The trivia night is a lot of fun though. The trivia host, Mark, does a great job. Sharp Edge Creekhouse is a lot of fun, great atmosphere if you like a ski lodge, laid back vibe.
3	i hooked up with some friends from my childhood last year at a reunion. wow! people really don't change much! we fit back into our groove without hesitation. we decided to meet at least once a month for lunch, just us girls, no hubbies or boyfriends allowed! we even have a name for our group-the carlynton cougars club!!! yeah, we went to carlynton, wanna make something about it??? & yeah, we're over the hill "cougars"!this month, unfortunately only 3 of us could get together. we went to the sharpedge creekhouse. when i went inside, it was a dark bar, we decided to sit outside on the deck. while waiting ruth to arrive, marty & i placed an order for the belgian croquettes to see what they were.  they were log shaped, fried & tasted like instant mashed potatoes with a hint of cheese. the dip seemed like it was ranch dressing. a far cry from what the menu said-mashed yukon gold potatoes with swiss & asiago cheeses served with herbed aioli. oh no, did we pick the wrong place?the menu is pretty extensive. they have a little of everything. i was impressed with the selection of burgers you could choose from. besides your normal beef burger, they had venison, wild boar, buffalo & a belgian-a mix of lamb & sirloin.i ordered the salmon nicoise salad from the "feature menu", marty got the philly cheese steak wrap & ruth the deluxe salad with chicken. thank god! the food was way better than the appetizer!!! my nicoise was outstanding. the homemade dressing was delicious!!! even my roll was warm & soft! marty's wrap was enormous!!! 1/2 of it was more than a meal, & there were fries that came with it! ruth's salad looked as yummy as mine. (i had considered it only with portabello mushrooms, but i'm glad i got the nicoise!)we're planning on where to go in october. any suggestions??? we'll be at the roller derby, i know that much! go steel city girlz!!!
4	Great place for happy hour or a casual dinner when you want to have a beer-  The Sharp Edge is where I take friends that want a good beer selection and a casual atmosphere.  My favorite menu item is the Belgian burger which is a lamb burger (juicier and more delicate than beef) with their great mustard and traditional fixings.  The buffalo bites are a solid appetizer as well as the sweet potato fries.  The beer selection is what will bring you back to this restaurant.The menu is pretty pedestrian, prices are about $1 too expensive for what you get compared to other places of the same quality (but if you go during happy hour and get half off your beer, it all evens out).  There are burgers, sandwhiches, paninis, pizza and a few entrees.  My mother who has a limited view of food thought there were some strange things, but I didn't find anything I would consider strange.Service is typically average, but they know their beers well and will help you find a new beer you will like.
2	I ordered the mussels cooked in beer broth with leeks and tomatoes along with a side of Belgian fritted.  There was absolutely zero broth with the mussels, very few leeks, and pale mealy tomatoes.  The frittes were plain old fries a little browner in color due to spices that I couldn't taste, and they needed salt.  There was mustard to dip them in.  The Palm beer I ordered was excellent but the food was "meh" at best.  Go for the beer but dine elsewhere.
5	Excellent food and beer. Very outstanding service. We visit about 1 once a week.
3	When you sit at the stoplight in front of Sharp Edge Creekhouse in Crafton and see HAPPY HOUR HALF OFF BELGIAN DRAFTS scrolling across their neon marquee, consider it a homing beacon that is (and should be) completely impossible to ignore.Just sit at the bar that looks like it could be located on an Alpine Ski Slope & sample some truly amazing Belgian beers. The bartenders will be happy to educate you if you're a novice and let you sample until you've found something you'll love.Personally, I fell hard for a Corsendonk Abbey Brown Ale that it turned out I could only afford if it was 1/2 off - cases of that stuff at Save on Beer run over $100!  But, it was a pure delight. The happy hour was our 2nd stop at Sharp Edge. We'd done lunch and beers there previously with a less happy experience than our happy hour. The only things memorable about our lunch was that it was underwhelming on flavor and service and our bill seemed too high for the experience. We'd each had 2 beers with lunch and I guess at regular pricing those can add up quicker than we thought. Plus we didn't sit at the bar to receive the bartender's guidance in our selections and that's really one of the best things they do there.Lesson: Don't pass up happy hour & make sure you sit at the bar. Not bad advice, in general!
2	I have been to this location twice recently - once of lunch and once for dinner - honestly I would say skip it. The service at lunch was extremely slow - I was there with a coworker - we both got sandwiches (one of which was not prepared the way that we asked for it) and it took almost 45 to an hour to get food with the place empty with the exception of two other people. I went for dinner to give it another shot - first strike was that the draft list wasn't up to date (or even close) and the server didn't even know what was on draft - you are a place that specializes in beer - know your products to be able to sell them. The food is just ok - nothing bad but nothing I couldn't live without. I guess what bothers me the most about both visits is that the service has been subpar at best. Prior to the last 5-6 years I would have said that Sharp Edge would be one of the better beer selections in the city - now there are plenty of other places you can find a great selection of beer with better atmosphere and service.
4	Traveling across the country and stopped in Pittsburgh for the night. The guy at the hotel suggested Sharp Edge and to make sure we tried the Mediterranean Nachos. The beers were great! The food was great--everyone really enjoyed their food... and the Mediterranean Nachos? F'ing fantastic!  Our waitress was very pleasant, but kept changing her accent every time she came to the table. Not sure if she was bored and passing the time, or if she was messing with us.The place was busy for a Tuesday night and everyone was having a great time. It had the feel of a really great local hangout.  Warm, comfortable, and inviting.If/When I get back to Pittsburgh, I will definitely come back--if only for those nachos.
4	Amazing beer selection. Seriously. Not the crappy flavored microbrews you'll see. Quality man's stuff. The food was very good too. We had burgers: pork, buffalo and sirloin and I got to sample all three. Really good. Wished mine was a little more medium than well.Just wanted to point out the exceptional service. The waitress was extremely knowledgeable about the beers and was so nice to us. Especially my daughter.
3	The Sharpe Edge name is very fitting in that the drink options and specials are excellent, but the food is dull like the backside of a knife.   Having been numerous times I have come to appreciate that Belgian beers are so much more then too sweet beer I had tried at parties a couple of times.  And half off Belgian beers during happy hour is the perfect time for your own education!  OTOH, I can't think of a single thing on the menu to compliment.  Even the french fries leave me disappointed, looking nicely browned, but then somehow managing to be limp and lame.  The pizza should just be removed from the menu entirely or at least renamed so it is not confused with real pizza.  Cut the menu down by half and focus on making the best bar food in town that can live up to the great staff and beer selection.  Thanks
3	Pretty simple review here.Go for the Beer, not the food.The food was just okay. The wings were good but my burger, asked for medium was well done and burnt.If I went again it would just be for beer and apps. Service was fast but they did not look really busy, our waiter was really nice.
2	They had a really good beer selection, slightly pricey, but not ridiculous.Our waitress was really nice, but not that knowledgeable about the beer selection.  The food was not that great.  Don't get the Caesar salad, not sure where they were trying to go with the dressing, but it doesn't taste like Caesar.  The wings were pretty good.I would go again if that's where everyone wanted to go, but it would not be my first choice.  If I went again, I would stick with just the fried food.
5	i LOVE sharp edge creekhouse!  we are there almost every friday after work, and we've never been let down.  We've had 1 or 2 minor things go wrong with an order, but it's not even worth mentioning because it's always immediately taken care of above and beyond expectation.  The food is I would say, just average, but we love going there because they have a great beer selection and we always feel so welcome and taken care of when we show up.  The staff is so friendly, and so knowledgable.. these people know their beer!  Their late night menu is decent.  They have a bunch of half price appetizers, and have a limited selection of full price items as well (it's basically the entire menu excluding soups and salads).  The prices are good and we always leave satisfied :)
4	Amazing beer selection. Unique atmosphere. I brought a large party of people and they accommodated us, and we're very efficient service wise. Pretty good experience.
5	We were looking for a good place to go for happy hour on a Friday when a friend suggested Sharp Edge Creekhouse. It might be my new favorite place! We were there for happy hour, which includes half priced beer. We tried a couple different Belgian imports and they were all delicious. I had the basil, garlic, and white wine mussels (which I have been craving since our visit) with a side of the pomme frites; my husband and friends all had pizza. The food was delicious, the beer was delicious, the prices were good, and the waitress was helpful and personable.
3	Went there for lunch and due to the 2 people at the door being rude wound up having beer at the bar instead. Good beer selection, no idea on the food. thanks ladies!!! Stars are for the beer selection and the bartender,
1	Are you kidding me? There is so much potential for a classy, Belgian beer atmosphere here, but it appears that the owners are just out to make a dollar. Yes, they have happy hour specials, but that's the only time when Belgians are actually affordable, seeing as they charge between 9 and 12 dollars for a 10-12 oz. glass. They have late nite food specials as well, and the food is again, only worth it after 10 pm. The bites are served on a fiesta ware plate, bare and never cooked correctly, not done or overdone. They charge for ranch or blue cheese-really?No, let's talk about the service. COMPLETELY UNDERSTAFFED. ALL. THE. TIME. Believe me, I've not just been there a couple of times. This brings me back to the comment about the owners only wanting to make money. Sharpedge Creekhouse, you're doing it wrong.
4	Very very large  beer selection bottled and draft.  Bartender was great with explaining the beers they have. Great prices on happy hour with a good food selection.  Try a different wild game burger if you're adventurous!
1	My boyfriend and I went here on a Sunday night and we had a buy one get one coupon. I was able to get a salad, and he got a fish sandwich. The bartender was our server, and he was able to man the bar and tables. Everything was awesome. I am a very picky eater, and he was able to order the food for me the way that I wanted it. We recently went back and sat on the patio hoping to get the same kind of service. When we presented another coupon, the waitress obviously wrote us off. The funny thing is, is that with a coupon we are better tippers! We were forced to order off of a limited (more expensive) menu. I asked to have my food cooked plain, without extra calories from dressing and sauce, and no matter what I tried to order, it could not be modified. I ended up getting the Mahi, which if I didn't need to watch my weight would have been delicious. However, with medical issues, I am unable to eat certain things. The waitress told me that it had to be cooked in the soy marinade, but on top of that, it was loaded with an alfredo/mayo kind of sauce. Talk about calories galore! I tihink that she told the chef to pile it on. I ate none of it. The atmosphere is nice, and the beer list is okay if you like Belgium beers. They do not offer anything light except for Amstel Light. The server tonight had way too many tables, and seemed to focus on larger groups. We have decided to "write the restaurant off." We have both worked in the restaurant industry for many years, and we were dissapointed in the date night experience. If my meal wasn't half price, I would have sent it back, and I have never in my life complained about a meal.
5	An ungodly amount and variety of beer. Belgians are the specialty but there's soooooo much more. Imports. American Crafts. Authentic glassware. Good food. Half price happy hours (!!!). Sharp Edge simply ROCKS.
3	Fantastic Belgian beer menu. This is my friend's local bar so I can't say anything bad about it. :) My turkey rueben and sweet potato fries were decent, nothing amazing or anything but good for bar food! A neat lil place - a good place for happy hour!
3	I live so close, I wanted this place be awesome and... it's just okay.  The beer selection is great, really Great! The bartenders know what their serving, and have great knowledge of whats new and even how many years a brewery may have made said beer. Kudos on that. I admit I'm a bit of a beer snob, but when my wife and I go out its gonna take more than a great beer selection to keep us coming back. With menu selections to the likes of Elk and other fine ingredients you'd think the food would be better. Honesty if you're gonna have it, give it some justice. Or like another yelper mentioned slim down your menu and do it very well... ... P.S. after having drunk a Pumpkin ale that had soured, for their July "mystery beer". I'll forever steer clear of the mystery, but will probably walk down from time to time to catch a buzz.
3	This is a cool place with a great beer selection and it has a ton if potential to b a great spot - it's a bit pricey for it's out of date decor, filthy bathroom, and sticky tabletops.
2	I keep trying to give Sharp Edge the benefit of the doubt, but I have to say, I've been let down every single time. This particular location might be the worst of the bunch. Their tap lines are dirty, the employees are rude, and they're out of all the beers on the menu (although since they haven't updated the menu since mid-September, I can see how that would happen.) Bottom line: overpriced, bad service, shitty beer.
1	For the record, I don't like anything about this place - the food is bad & overpriced. The beers are terribly overpriced. The service is awful & the building is a gross, dirty old house. But in addition to all of that, I have the following complaint:My brother was there last night & they didn't give him back his debit card. He discovered it was missing at 8pm. He called Sharp Edge at 8pm & then called them again at 10:30 pm, before getting on his Greyhound bus to head home. They told him that they looked & that they did NOT have it. Then he gets a call from Becky at 1am telling him that OOPS, they do have his card! But now he's not in Pittsburgh anymore. So Becky tells him to tell ME to come & get it the next day, that they would have it at the bar. So the next day, I leave work early, drive 30 minutes OUT OF MY WAY to pick up his card. I get there & some dude with a black beard tells me I can't have the card, it's the law. Only my brother can pick it up. I don't think that's true but even if it is, then why was I told to come & get it? No apology for wasting my time either. I was told that they can cut it up for me & throw it away. Great, thanks! And now my brother has no access to his money for 7-10 days while he waits for a new card. Nothing but complete incompetence all around from these people.
