4	The cheesy name makes me laugh, but I've been to Sassy Nails a half dozen times for pedicures and I'll be back!  There's really nothing 'special' about the place... your typical nail shop... but the people have always been friendly and although they take their time and do a good job on their pedicures, they don't take TOO much time.  I like to get in and get out!  I don't need a 15-minute leg massage and small talk.There's rarely ever a wait here.  You can just walk right in, which is great, but it kinda worries me cuz I'd hate to see them have to close up shop because they don't have enough business!
1	Absolutely HORRIBLE experience here! When I came in the girl that was going to do my nails was filing her toe nails! Should have left immediately but was in a hurry so stayed. I'm 9 months pregnant and the lady actually YELLED at me on 2 occasions. Once b/c I asked how long it would take and she said she could not be rushed. Second b/c I took my hand out of the drying machine for literally 3 seconds. She went so far as to say she didn't want me to come back. It was supposed to be gels that took an hour and 15 min to apply. They were cracked the NEXT day! Took an hour to get them taken off 5 days later. Worst service EVER, not clean, and terrible job on nails! Don't go to Sassy nails!
5	This place was great! The usually close at 7pm but when I drove up at 720 when they were cleaning up, they happily took me, took their time and did a great full set of french tip for me. A little farther than my usual spot but worth it!
5	I love this place! Finally a nail salon that is consistent and has a nice staff that seems to care about their customers more than just for money.
1	Only giving 1 star because my pedi was decent. The absolute worst gel mani I have ever received. 1) no manicure at all 2) didn't buff my nails so imagine how that looks with polish now 3) gel brush was hard! And still used it 4)gel was DRIED out and still used it. I even said, "do you need a new brush?" and she ignored me. The gel off one nail has come off after only 1 WEEK. Cuticle is a mess and gel polish is chipped on several nails. there is nothing worse than a disappointing day at the salon. Especially in Vegas.
1	Worst gels ever! I will never go there again, I gave one star because the first time I went Helen did my gel finish nails, she is very friendly and takes care of her customers. My second time was with another person I think she said her name was Molly not sure, worst polish I've ever had, she paid no attention to my concerns, I said I did not like the glitter she was putting on, I was told no worry you like when finished!! Well needless to say I did not like it anymore then. She then put another gel color on top which made it even worse, I had nail polish on my hands , the sides of my nails and cuticles,when I asked her to take it all off, she got angry then proceeded to drill my nails. My nails are now very thin and weak, it will take months to get them back to normal. I have learned since then there are law suits against sassy nails at this location, I wish I yelped first my mistake!!! BEWARE!!!! This place is HORRIBLE
5	I have been coming here for at least 7 years and I will keep coming back. I love the staff and I have been happy with my pedicures and eyebrow waxing.
1	I searched around for a nail place.  I chose this place because of their name.  How awesome is a name like sassy nails.  I went when they first opened and it was empty.  Before i came down I called them to see if they use gelish nail polish.  They said yes and that is why I came here.  When I got here i was told to choose a nail color.  To my disappointment they did not use gelish nail polish but used a brand i never heard of.  i decided to give them a chance anyway.  I asked for a manicure with gel polish.  Most placed will give you a massage included in your manicure.  This place did not.  All they did was polish my nails.  The gel nail polish came off within a week.  Very disappointed.  I will not be back.
5	I love this place! All the ladies that work here are very friendly and funny. They don't talk too much, but just a little small chat to make the process go by faster.I have really small "baby" finger nails and I like to keep them short, so I understand it can be really difficult to paint, but Faye does an excellent job at making my nails look like a woman's nails should! I highly recommend this place. The prices are very reasonable and there is hardly ever a long wait. :)
5	Great place and products used are WONDERFUL! My gel polish never chips!!!
2	I was pressed for time and desperate for a fill since I couldn't get my regular Nail Technician at the salon I normally go to. I figured I would give this place a try, and it wasn't the worst, but it also wasn't the best.The guy who did my nails seemed like he was so bored the entire time he was doing my nails. He wasn't friendly and he actually made me feel unwelcome. I had coffin style acrylics and he ended up messing up the shape of my pinkies as he was filing them down. They were obviously uneven, but I didn't bother asking him to fix it since I had to leave for work in about an hour anyways. Towards the end of my fill, he started asking me a little bit about myself and proceeded to ask me what I was interested in pursuing to which I replied, "Cosmetology". He actually stopped doing my nails and looked at me and said, "You don't want to do this. Do something else." He was a lot ruder about it and yes, I did find it very disrespectful. I understand we all have our bad days, but just because you're unhappy with your job doesn't mean you should put down someone else's idea for pursuing that career/goal.I normally tip very well and let's just say I didn't give him much and no, I will not be back.
