5	Shauna is incredibly supportive and encouraging. She has such a bright and shining personality you want to do your best for, because she is always gives you her best. She is also incredibly committed to making sure that you are getting the most out of your experience, and will be there for you to learn from, seek advice from at any time. She is one of the most well rounded trainers with all her knowledge about diet and nutrition, massage therapy and exercise. I would recommend her to anyone that wants to get in shape, have a great time, and feel extraordinarily cared for.
5	I had the opportunity to personally train with Shauna and she's truly amazing. She listens and is very helpful in making a customized work-out plan based on your goals and needs, which is amazing for an out of shape guy like me. What I truly like is she is not intimidating and she challenges you to be your best. I love her upbeat attitude and her passion for fitness and health is inspiring. I wish she was still here in California! California's loss is Arizona's gain!
5	Shauna is a true master of her craft. Her knowledge is extensive, but it is her passion for the overall wellness of people that really separates her from the pack of professionals in her field. She is also a fantastic motivator and a truly skilled instructor. Whether it is group boot camps or private sessions, she is very clear and precise about the direction she needs you to take in order to meet your goals. You won't find another wellness coach that is more knowledgeable, positive, and passionate than Shauna Brown.
5	Wow! What can I say about Shauna? Plenty of things, and they're all good. Not only is she a true fitness professional, she's also a massage therapist. As a massage therapist myself, I'm very particular about whom I see for treatment. I started going to Shauna for massage in January of this year. Incidentally, she's the only therapist I've seen since. Her knowledge in the health and wellness field is unmatched. Everything she does during a massage has a purpose, and that's a quality that many therapists lack. She's an amazing therapist, but more importantly, she's an amazing person who wants to help in any way she can. I personally use my massage time with her to pick her brain about exercises, nutrition, and massage techniques and she's always happy to give her insight. I highly recommend scheduling a personal training session with her, followed by a massage, then asking her what to have for dinner. She'll work you out, treat your muscles, and make you eat healthy. You'll be a better person after one day with her. Do it!!! She's life-changing!
