5	The doctors and staffs are very professional, kind and thoughtful.  I became a cat lover last Sep.  I adopted a kitten from AHS,  they took very good care of her when she got an URI.  Unfortunately sweet Georgina passed away in Jan.  They sent me a card and angel kitty pin to remember her, they are so sweet.  Also they don't charge you arms and legs, they are very conscientious.  I really appreciate it.
4	I just got my dog from the Arizona Humane Society and they suggested VCA. I was very happy with the care they gave Coco, and the time they spent with her. Someone who has had a dog for quite some time suggested that maybe they were trying to suggest too many tests and meds for me to "buy" that weren't necessary but I don't know that to be the case.  She's new to me and I don't know her history so I think it's better safe than sorry. The medicine they gave me for her ear infection perked her up immediately. I'm going to take her back there for sure.
2	Hope you're not in a hurry...2hour wait, have screwed up my records in past visits, no one really seems to know what's going on...doctors are fine, but service is atrocious...if u cannot handle the schedule, you need to reduce how many you see a day
1	We had adopted a kitten from the humane society and were advised to go here because the initial check-up would be free.    The appointment took over two hours and when we finally did leave, we were given medication that we were not instructed how to use. I would rather pay a little money to have veterinary staff that is going to take the time to review things with us.  We will be searching for another vet and not coming back to this location.
5	I went in without an appoinment and they were able to acomodate me last minute. I had to wait around 30 min but my cat had an ifected leg due to some biting cat. The staff was very professional and informative. They waived the exam fee since i was a first time customer, the final bill seamed fair and best of all they gave coco medicine and treated him better than how i get treated at the hospital. I cannot remember the veterinarians bame but she was wonderfull :) Thumbs up for helping my coco :)
1	This place is ghetto. There are no framed degrees on the walls. The floors are FILTHY. They do not disinfect the rooms between animals.We adopted a dog from the Humane Society and came here for our gratis check-up. The entire visit lasted two and a half hours. The vet left me waiting so freaking long just to see her--and then the tech came in. The tech left after her work was done, and I was waiting again, this time for the vet (?) The vet did come in and she did an inadequate examination. She forgot to check in my dog's ears, but then realized it and came back to do that. Then she needed a tech to come help her, and had to leave the room to go find one.After her exam she left the room again, and  left me hanging for 30 minutes with no communication. Instead, 30 minutes into the wait I popped my head out to ask what the wait would be. The receptionist threw me serious shade. A tech came in after that and had about 8 printout packets of care plans and their costs. So, basically, they left me waiting for THAT.  Every imaginable cost was on those plans, including a "flu shot". Give me a break.The appointment was booked with Dr. Houser, but they put us with Dr. Salmon instead, without our consent (I had heard that Dr. Houser is really good). Dr. Salmon does not keep up with her appearance--she does not have a professional presence. However she clearly loves animals, as it is very evident when she is practically making out with my dog. She just isn't thorough. She should be able to diagnose more quickly--for example she did an ear cytology (a q-tip swab). She got a bit of goo, but never bothered cleaning my dog's ear. You don't need a lab result to clean out an ear and stick ear cream into it and just sell me the dang cream and cleaner there on the spot (which is what she should have done--for me it isn't about the money). She just wasn't good with PEOPLE.No one should have to wait 2 1/2 hours to complete a vet exam. It took me 30 minutes just to drive there one way. My whole afternoon was shot.I offered to pay for the ear medicine that came as part of the free package because I wanted to be FAIR. I knew I wouldn't be coming back and it made me feel guilty to take something that was free to me, but obviously an expense for them. To their credit they wouldn't take my money for that, but I made it clear to the vet that I was left waiting entirely too long. Her response was to transfer the blame over to ME. She told me that I could have asked her to come back with the ear results. Is she kidding me? She walked out and left me in there for half an hour. She never had any intention of coming back in there, and how was I to know? It was my first visit there (and last, that's for sure).This place is disorganized. There was a lot of staff there, and no customers. They tried to blame it on "being too busy and short-staffed".A good vet goes into the room WITH a tech and handles the whole visit together, unless the tech is left to do some simple things--things the vet should be vocal about. No one should wait for what I had to wait for.GO SOMEWHERE ELSE.
5	I'm very impressed with the level of care here! They seem to sincerely care about my cat. They explain things in great detail and they always do a follow up call to see how she's doing. I will continue to take my animals here. I love the staff! They really care!
5	Wonderful place. I'm glad I found it. So is my baby Rascal. He started here for his baby shots and has been back for every vaccine and check-up since. The staff is great and knowledgeable. I really appreciate them.
