5	1. Stacey is amazingly friendly and helpful2. The food is delicious - I've now had the mock chicken lettuce rape as well as the tacos and I loved every bite.3. Entrees run a little over  $10 which is more than I'd like but worth it4. Next time I go I think I'm going to get a few things from the raw food bar!
1	Not a fan. Fresh pressed Juice cost $8 including tax for 16oz- highest price outside of whole paycheck- I mean- whole foods. Staff is nice. Kale salad is soaking in dressing and everything, although presumably made fresh, has been sitting around in the fridge case with a dry coating over it. I love the idea of fresh healthy quick food, but this is basically a super stripped down whole foods salad bar at $11 per pound. Just returned my second juice because it was all pulp and chewy.  Cashier made me wait for the manager to get back from "the store" so she could tell me if they would give me my money back. um.....ok? Gross.
5	I love the food here- when I first saw the tiny place, I thought it was just a salad bar and I was not interested. They have such a bigger menu than I expected though. Everything I've had here is delicious! And Chef Stacey is so friendly. If you like healthy, organic, raw food- go!!
5	Just randomly stopped by the container park today for the first time. My wife and I had no idea this place was here and decided to try it. We ordered the raw "chicken" salad wraps, and the tlc juice. We normally wouldn't order a juice but thought we would give it a chance. And we loved it! The chicken salad is now our new favorite food in Las Vegas!!! GO CHECK THIS PLACE OUT!!!!! You won't regret it!
4	Very good for vegan raw cuisine. We tried a couple things from the salad bar and then ordered from the menu. Spring rolls are as good as you would imagine a spring roll to  be. So no complaints there. Lettuce wraps were great flavor, but I would have enjoyed them more if they were served with a crunchier lettuce. The lettuce used is thin and has no crunch, so since the inside faux chicken is soft in texture, I felt like it's too much "soft" per bite texturally. I solved this by crunching up the chips that came with it and adding them inside. Aside from that, though, the taste is GREAT! Best faux chicken salad I have ever tasted. If I were to bring it home, I would probably add celery and spread it over crackers. YUM!
5	I love this place!! The food was super fresh & they were constantly preparing more in the back. We had the nachos and they were so good! BEST vegan meat I've ever tasted & I've tasted quite a few! We also ordered the spring rolls & they were delicious as well. The staff was incredibly nice, chef Stacey even came out and greeted us upon our arrival. The guy working the front gave is free samples of the almond truffle balls, the chocolate banana ganache, & a few other things from the salad bar. All in all, I LOVE this place!! I definitely recommend it to everyone- both vegan & non vegan,  they're food is delicious & healthy!
4	Amazing chef and fabulous salad bar just wasn't a fan of the jicama chili cheese fries...would try something else tho!
5	I had a really great time this morning at Simply Pure by Chef Stacey Dougan.  Had the HIGH OCTANE juice full of Beets, Carrots, Cucumber, and Ginger.  It was wonderfully energizing and full of healthy ingredients.I also had Mock Chikin Salad Lettuce Wraps: mock chikin made with almonds and cashews, sprouts, diced tomatoes, and a cashew cream sauce wrapped in lettuce leaves (served with a side of tortilla chips) $11.95.  This was full of favor surprises and packed a lot of heartiness and satisfaction.While I do not always eat as healthy as I should, I KNOW that when Chef Stacey places her considerable talents and reputation behind her offerings, she is committed to offering the very BEST.  The best ingredients, the best preparation, the best balanced nutrition.  She is not only fulfilling her dream to serve the community and to educate our palates and understanding of how to revitalize our lives via the choices that we make to fuel our bodies. She simply cares!And she deliberately made time to ask for my feedback and my input toward helping her to help our community make better eating choices.She is a true Las Vegas treasure and she really deserves our community support.  This is not just a business, it is an educational resource, and a center for experimentation in treating ourselves better. Check out Chef Stacey's story at https://www.facebook.com/SimplyPureLV and you readily will see that she has a vision to serve our community as she builds her business.Here is just a little of what she has posted on her Facebook site:"Exactly 1 year ago today I quit my job at Wynn Resorts and stepped out on faith to pursue a life of full time freedom and entrepreneurship. Less than one year later, I fulfilled my dream of opening my own vegan restaurant. 1 year ago i was full of anxiety, fear, hope and faith. Today I am filled with abundant love, extreme gratitude, hope restored and faith realized. I am happy. I am free. I thank GOD for allowing me to experience life. My only prayer is that I remain a conduit through which He works and that I teach others to truly live their passion. #SimplyPure #ChefStaceyDougan #January4th #DreamFulfilled #TeamFreedom"Q.E.D.  Chef Stacey Dougan walks the walk that she writes about.
2	I enjoyed the food both times going here but the last time coming I noticed in the back where the food was being prepared, a sack of generic brand brown sugar. Of course being raw & vegan doesn't rule out brown sugar..but it's certainly not organic. And I guarantee you that the niche being served here is not going to be fond of that ingredient. I believe with all my heart and soul that eating raw and vegan is the most healthful thing you can do for your body but what is the point if you combine it with chemically laden, super processed ingredients? It just makes me question the values of this place. I'm grateful that this place exists but please, just use some coconut sugar and show people that eating this way tastes good! We don't need the sugar.
5	In the past two weeks, I've turned two religious carnivore eating individuals into semi vegan eating animal lovers - well at least when there at Simply Pure by Chef Stacey Dougan in The Cointainer Park area in Las Vegas.  I've lived in 4 countries, over 15 states and tried every rendition of vegetarian meals. I've been on this journey for 12 years and since living in Las Vegas (8 months) I've almost considered being a waterterian because of the horrid food choices here.  When I came across  Simply Pure by Chef Stacey Dougan - it reminded me of why I became vegetarian. All of the food choices are amazingly fresh and flavorful. The inviting experience of Simply Pure by Chef Stacey Dougan continues when you meet any of the knowledgable staff. They greet you with a smile, a sample and a history lesson on the food. You can tell that take pride in their product and presentation.  Simply Pure by Chef Stacey Dougan sets itself apart because its not one of those excessively hippy and over pretentious spots,  where staff members are forcing the health issue on its patrons - they greet you with an honesty.I've had every item on the menu and there all delicious, but the nachos w/ mock chicken and guacamole is my go to meal. It has always exceeded my expectations and any carnivore who's skeptical, try the nachos with the mock chicken or crumbles both are irresistible.If you're looking for variety, you can't go wrong with the well  priced salad bar.Simply Pure by Chef Stacey Dougan has restored my faith in Las Vegas veggie scene. At this point I never need to find another veggie spot to eat at in Las Vegas, because I am completely satisfied with Simply Pure by Chef Stacey Dougan.
5	Looking for a good variety of filling, fresh and flavorful food that is super healthy for you?  Look no more, Simply Pure is your place!   The menu has a lot of options and they even have a salad bar filled with even more choices.  I love the assortment of beverages and the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable.  Service was fast and delicious!  I will definitely  be back to try more dishes.Side note:  The kale chips are off the chain scrumptious...the most healthy addiction you could ask for!
5	The 'chicken' nacho plate... Mmmmm! I'm so glad there's a great vegan place at Container Park in downtown LV.
5	Simply Pure is simply delicious!!!  I'm so excited  Las Vegas finally has an awesome vegan restaurant. Her staff is more than amazing. The service is impeccable.  The food speaks for itself. I highly recommend this place to anyone who wants a great introduction to quality vegan cuisine.
5	I enjoyed the customer service and explaining what I was getting!! My first time trying and I love it!! Filling,tasteful,and healthy!!! I'm going to become a regular!!!
5	Great food and service. I had their Fettucchini Alfredo and it was delicious. Would love to see them in Henderson!
5	I'm not a vegan at all but I fell in love with this place!  The vegan protein and avocado salad are really good but the thing I loved the most was the avocado chocolate mousse! I had to go back and get more! I didn't think vegan food could taste so good until I tried this place.
5	I been a fan of Chef Stacey since her catering days.EVERYTHING she makes is wonderful and will have you craving for more. The nachos are outstanding, even so that I can get two meat-loving preteens to beg me to take them back for more.I've always been weary of kale chips until I tried hers. Crazy seasoning and a depth of flavors made we want them over my usual seaweed/nori snacks. If you want food that looks good, tastes good and IS GOOD FOR YOU, this is the spot.
5	I am not vegan but do love raw vegan food. I was very excited to see this place when my husband and I visited the new Container Park. It wasn't a meal time but we wanted to try something so we decided to split the "chicken" salad wraps. Now even during non mealtimes my husband is a big eater so I suspected we would have to find him another snack at one of the other restaurants but this seemed to satisfy him. Not to mention he is most decidedly not vegan and declared the food to be "awesome". I would definitely make another trip for the food alone.
5	I had the Zucchini Pasta with Cashew Alfredo sauce ($11.95) topped with mushrooms & spinach. It was delicious. You get one choice of topping. I recommend the mushrooms because they add a nice savory meaty texture & they are nicely flavored with seasonings. I tried a sample of both the key lime mousse & the chocolate ganache. Both were good & tasty. Derek, the cashier was really nice, friendly & helpful. He's a warm hearted guy, who makes you feel welcomed. It's a small, super casual take-out cafe but there is plenty of outdoor seating all around the shopping plaza which is called the Outdoor Container Park. They are located upstairs. I ended ordering the Key Lime Mousse for dessert. Derek gave me granola to use as a topping which made it even better. Prices are reasonable for Vegan food.
5	Okay. Came here with my baby nephew today. And oh my god. This place is AMAZING!!!!!!!!! So delicious, so flavorful. Everyone is so nice and sweet I met the owner and chef she is awesome! So happy I came here. I got a salad (create your own) and I also got a little sample of the dessert truffle. My nephew is 1 and he absolutely loved it. I wish I bought a dozen of them lol. I will deff come back to this place! I love the avocados wish I knew how it was made so good!
4	The best thing going for the Container Park.  I was stalking Stacey Dougan's Instagram pics of her food, and I couldn't wait to try this place.Located on the second floor near the entrance of Container Park is where you will find Simply Pure. I was greeted immediately by Derrick, who was very informative about their food. They have a raw vegan salad bar that is $10.99/lb and I was able to sample a couple different items, the Kale Salad was my personal favorite. I couldn't decide between the Jicama Chili Cheese Fries or the Nachos, but decided on later since I'd been eyeballing them for awhile. Portion was pretty big, I could only eat half of my order.  I was also treated to a sample of the dark chocolate ganache with almond granola for dessert. This was really good!  They also offer fresh pressed organic juices.I really like this place, I like that everyone was passionate about the food and very friendly and knowledgable.
3	I got excited when I saw a vegan place at the container park. I'm happy that there are more vegan places around so I wanted to support them and give them a try.  I got the "beef" tacos. They would've been good if they weren't so salty. It tasted like an entire can of salt was mixed into them.  I couldn't finish all three. The salt was just too much. There salad bar looked really good and so did the spring rolls. I think I will try them next time. I also wish there were more vegan/vegetarian foods that didn't have imitation meat.
5	A few pals and I went to the Container Park today, and I was stoked to try something from this vegan joint! We shared the nachos (it's a good portion) and they received an A+ from me and my meat-loving friends. It was creamy, fresh, and flavorful! Just the perfect snack to eat outside on the terrace. The service was great! Very informative and helpful. Don't be afraid to ask and sample. I am definitely looking forward to coming through the downtown area to grab another thing or two from Simply Pure!
5	I am far from a Vegan/Vegetarian and thoroughly enjoyed this place. I have never had faux meat tacos before but they were great. I see someone else made a comment about over-salting, mistakes happen, mine were dialed in today. I left fully satisfied and definitely can not wait to return. They have made to order items as well as a salad bar. I practically ran it through the garden and tried most everything from the bar in addition to my tacos. Really good stuff. The people that worked there were extremely friendly and helpful. Please support a place like this.
4	When we entered the Container Park, I first saw the Pork and Beans sign and figured I would have to wait for dinner . . . then, I saw the "Vegan Cafe" sign and all was right with the world.  I ordered the Chili Cheese Fries and they were excellent.  My wife ordered the nachos and they too were excellent, though it is not as difficult to make excellent nachos as it is to make fries using jicama.  The service was quick and friendly and the food was great.  My only negative comment about the food offered is that much of it was an attempt at replicating non vegan food.  I don't miss meat or dairy and I prefer a vegan restaurant that challenges me to try new and wild creations, not replicating food that wasn't that good when I ate meat and dairy.  If you are in the Container Park area, this cafe is a great place for a snack, lunch, or even a dinner.  On a warm night, you can sit outside and watch the kids go crazy while you enjoy a vegan meal.
4	Great food in container park. They have a good selection of vegan friendly food including raw options. The Raw Vegan pasta with cashew Alfredo sauce is EXCELLENT! The chips they use are from a bag instead if being hand made and dehydrated, but other than that everything is fresh and delicious. They were really awesome about handling a misunderstanding so you can expect good customer service. It's a bit pricey, but it's worth the extra money to have a healthy option
5	I'm not VEGAN but my wife and daughter are (don't pray for me, I'm strong, I'll survive them) Anyway just because I'm not Vegan dosnt mean I don't appreciate good food when I eat it. 1. The Food was very tasty, I'm gonna say excellent (and the tacos were not to salty like some other reviewer said)2. My wife is Raw and asked a question the cashier wasn't sure of, but the chef must have overheard because he was out in 2 seconds to answer .3. I'm not sure how good their drinks are, I went down to some BBQ place and got me a beer, so I love the idea in Container park you can kinda mix and match if ya want.D. I'm gonna go back!
5	I found this place to be total heaven!We ordered the tacos and the zucchini pasta with a cashew sauce. The cashew sauce was out of this world and I can only hope I can make something like his remotely close at home!  So delicious! There were plenty of left overs as well. I have zero complaints about this place. I did not notice to much salt either but they are so friendly, I am sure they would make you something else if you don't care for your food.I ordered a couple of her e cookbooks as well! Yum!
5	Absolutely love this place. I'm not a vegan so I  was  little iffy about trying it but I'm so glad I did! I didn't know that vegan food could be so full of flavor! The salad bar is amazing, fresh and new every day. My favorite, I must say, are the vegan nachos. I actually like them better than real nachos! Crazy! The staff is so friendly too. I have never had a bad experience. Be sure to check them out in the Container Park!
5	Perfect place for Vegans and Vegetarians!  Located on the second floor of Container Park.  Service was super friendly.  Only outdoor seating.  I've been wanting to try zucchini pasta and this place has it!  You can choose the type of sauce and toppings you want.  The first topping is free.  I got the cashew nut sauce with mushroom and vegan beef.    Omg, it was amazing.  Zucchini is a wonderful replacement for regular pasta.  Who knew??  The cashew nut sauce is a great healthy alternative to alfredo sauce.  I dare say that I prefer cashew nut sauce to alfredo sauce now.  The vegan beef really had me surprised.  I loved the texture and the taste.  Even my boyfriend, who hates substitute meats, liked the vegan beef! I wished this place existed in LA!  I would love to try the other dishes here.  Looking for vegan or vegetarian food in Las Vegas?  You need to try this place!
1	I've been Vegan 13 years and have eaten in Vegan Restaurants from California to Michigan. I was extremely disappointed after ordering Stacey's purported popular & EXPENSIVE "Nachos". The Nachos basically consisted of COLD fried nachos with cold substitute meat and definitely not enough sauce. Not a hint of daiya or other Vegan cheese. Definitely ripped-off that day & will NOT return. I will say the place appeared clean & the help friendly. Peace
5	The place is cute and small like a cafe should be. We are the nachos and chicken wraps so good. Grabbed a beer ate outside and enjoyed Great service!
5	Amazing fresh vegan food! Even for carnivores, this place is delicious. The vegan nachos are a great example. It's a build your own salad format, so you pay by the pound. However, it's amazing how much food you get for the price.The food is freshly prepared onsite. If no one is at the register, they're just behind the small wall in the kitchen. Highly recommended!!!
5	I am not vegan or vegetarian but Simply Pure is and you will not miss meat or dairy. The dishes are amazing. The nachos are unreal most people would never believe they were eating vegan if you didn't tell them. Great service too!
5	I would usually give this place 4 stars because it's a little pricey but what the hell, it's Vegas. Don't come here if you're cheap. It's not too bad but for that price I would like to be able to sit down and get drink refills and such. Other than that, the food is incredible. I got the raw tacos and Megan got the "chickn" tacos. They were both out of this world.If you're looking for some great vegan food in Vegas, this is the place to go. There's nowhere to sit in the store but there are plenty of tables just outside (under cover in case it's raining) and you can sit and look around at the really cool container park that it's in. Just up the road from the famous Fremont street. We parked, ate, and them walked there and hung out.
5	The food here is so flavorful and fresh. Seriously, buy all the kale chips you can because they do not last long. I crave the raw Alfredo all the time. I'm not vegetarian. I rarely eat the healthiest of  meals.  Thank you for making delicious food that's actually good me. The service is always great.
5	Found out about Simply Pure on Happy Cow. Very glad to find vegan food in LV let alone vegan food this good. Located in the wonderfully cool Container Park, it makes for a great people watching meal. After ordering the food from Stacey Dougan herself, we found a table outside since there are no tables inside. There are tables all around the park. We ordered the tacos and the nachos. Nice sized portions, left me very satisfied. Excellent flavors and textures. So much so that I came back the next day. A real vegan gem in Vegas.
5	The nachos are so good! Also the owner is as sweet as that amazing chocolate ganache she makes! We had a great meal
5	This is amazing food! Everything is obviously fresh! The taste is going to blow your mind!Because its vegan you can eat a lot and you don't feel heavy afterwards .
1	It took over 15 minutes to get my juice. I ordered the Liquid Courage: kale, spinach, parsley, and cucumber. Out of all 4 ingredients clearly the cucumber is going to be the main source for juice. As I drank it, it tasted like the cucumber was sitting in water. No remnants of kale, spinach and parsley. Those typically are bitter tasting and I couldn't taste any of it. So disappointed. $7 gone.
5	Do your self a favor and try this place , the owner chef is friendly and very informative. Had the most amazing vegan Nachos and cashew cheese yummy stuff. The key lime dessert is just perfection, the fresh juices done as you order.
5	This place is the first place I'm giving a 5 to since I've moved here! First off, I'm new to the vegan game (clarify, not a vegan by any means) and this place is doing it right! I had the zucchini pasta with cashew Alfredo sauce topped with vegan need and mushrooms. Packed with flavor, and extremely tasty! Not to mention, the salad bar choices were phenomenal! Every thing served was fresh, organic, and raw. Additionally, the service was well over 5-star worthy! Derek (sp?) was great... He let us try things before we ordered and was extremely friendly and knowledgable about what was being served. He even gave is a free sample of dessert (a truffle of some sort with dates... Delicious) Overall, I am extremely please with this gem. It is located in Container Park so it offers a great option for those who want to enjoy a night out with friends, while still providing some healthy options!!
5	5 stars after only 1 visit? Yes, it was that good. Still memorable even after a week. Came here for dinner last Friday after checking out first Friday and the food definitely lived up to the hype / reviews.Yes, the wait is rather long but what do you expect when you want clean, fresh, quality, whole foods? Also, the time passed easily since they usually have performers on Friday evenings and the guy singing and playing his acoustic guitar that night was amazing so we got a free show while we waited and ate.The nachos grande is definitely a must try and the best thing they offer as per the other reviews. However, everything we had was good.
5	What a great find! We bought groupons for this place and walked to it from the Golden Nugget. Awesome to have healthy, inexpensive options while in Vegas! Two of us ordered the chicken salad wraps and our other friend ordered the nachos. All of it was delicious and it was so much food we couldn't even finish it.
5	I love this gem I've stumbled upon at the Container Park in Downtown Fremont. The menu is short and simple. The ingredients, super fresh. The staff was very kind and courteous. The food, it was AMAZING! I plan to come back here and go through everything on the menu. Love their well seasoned mock meats.
5	The service is amazing. The food is amazing. No food coma. Fully energized after a meal!
5	Simply Pure's plate of nachos alone is worthy of five stars. A large bed of tortilla chips are bountifully topped with pico de gallo, avocado, savory "beef" and ultra tasty cashew "cheese" sauce. I must emphasize how delicious the "beef" and "cheese" are. It tastes like eating junk food. The portion is worth the price, an order can easily be shared by two people.
5	The best healthy food I've ever had!!!! They make the food light & clean but also lots of flavor....must try!! The only thing is waiting time is pretty long, we waited 20+mins outside for a pasta.
5	Food and service were both amazing. The gentleman behind the counter made sure everything was perfect for us and couldn't have been friendlier. Perfect for vegans, or anyone who wants to see how good vegan food can really be. Will definitely come back many times.
5	Delicious food that you wouldn't think was vegan. The service is great. They had samples for people during Life is Beautiful and they won me over with just one bite! The chocolate ganache was amazing too. I will be back again and again.
5	Found this place while looking for some vegan/vegetarian options. The location (inside the downtown container park) was super cute, in the downtown container park. I got the tacos, my wife got the nachos grande.  Both were EXCELLENT.  Service was also impeccable.
5	Awesome vegan nachos!   Tasty fruit salad! Mmmmmm, I'm definitely coming back!
5	After spending a couple of hours at the Hoover Dam, my BF and I were hungry and we decided to check out Simply Pure and use the Groupon that I purchased.  Simply Pure is located in downtown Las Vegas at Container Park, a very cool family-friendly place with shops and food from local artists, chefs and vendors.  What makes it unique is all the buildings are all made of containers - very cool design!We found Simply Pure on the second floor of the right side of Container Park.  It was a very small place with no indoor seating which I was kinda bummed out about because it was a chilly night.  But I was relieved that we found seating outdoors downstairs next to the heating lamps.  When I purchased the Groupon, I read that they specialize in raw vegan food, but the menu is not all raw.  For example, you can get your wrap in a tortilla instead of lettuce.  Honestly, my BF and I were relieved that it was not all raw because after walking all day we were hungry and wanted something that would fill us up.  Our Groupon came with two entrees and two fresh juices. I ordered the vegan chicken salad wrap (vegan chicken salad made with almonds and cashews, julienned cabbage, pico de gallo, and cashew cream sauce) and my BF ordered the nachos grande (corn chips, vegan "protein" beef, vegan cheddar cheese, fresh pico de gallo and avocado).  We shared our entrees and we thought they were both delicious!  The filling in the wrap was tasty and the nachos were awesome and tasted just like dairy nacho cheese.  Our fresh juices were great as well.We really enjoyed coming to Container Park and checking out Simply Pure.  I would totally come back to try out the other menu items or the great looking salad bar.
4	Vegan places in Las Vegas can be so hard to find. I've gotten used to just going somewhere with my friends and getting a basic salad or sandwich with no "umph" to them. I had seen some reviews of Simply Pure and saw pictures of the delicious looking nachos but didn't know if I wanted to fork out the money for premium vegan food.I am pretty dang glad I did. In the future, I will get the amazing nachos every time... Maybe venture to the zucchini pasta. I got the ultimate sampler plate that comes with 1 raw vegan taco, 1 raw vegan chicken salad wrap, a serving of nachos, a serving of jicama chili fries, and 3 different samples of the zucchini pasta. The zucchini pasta came with 3 different sauces: a pesto, a creamy cashew sauce (with incredible seasonings on top!), and a marinara. I would defieget the pesto or cashew sauce again but I wasn't insanely thrilled with the marinara. It was good but I wouldn't eat a whole plate of it.The chicken salad was made from tofu that day and was pretty tastey. The texture isn't the same as real chicken but the flavor was there. The taco was nommy and had the same "ground beef" that's on the nachos and fries. I could eat about 3 of them and be pleasantly full.  ^_^The nachos, like I've said before and I'll say it again, were amazingggg. The cashew cream and fake beef was delightful :DI wasn't the biggest fan of the jicama fries. It was a raw dish so the fries were crispy. They had good flavor but I didn't like the crunchiness of the raw fries.Overall, I would definitely come back! Do expect about a 15 minute wait if you order the sampler. I understand that it does take a while to create such a variety of food. I was very happy with my meal!!
5	This is a great place to eat with a solid selection of delicious entrees. Whether you are a full time vegan or just trying to find a healthier alternative this is a place you have to try!
