1	Keep looking!Our move was a nightmare was the start.  After confirming the day before that the packers would arrive @ noon to pack everything and the movers would arrive at 2:30pm.  The movers showed up at 2:30pm shocked to find that nothing had been packed yet.  After multiple calls to Graebel Headquarters - (with them at first telling us that we never asked for packing) they had to hurry and get the movers to pack everything up.  Their esitmate was under by almost 65%  (WARNING: THE CONTRACT YOU SIGN STATES THAT YOU ARE PAYING BY THE POUND - NOT BY THEIR ESTIMATE ) So that estimate doesnt do anything except to entice you to use them.  they have NO reason to give you an honest quote since at the end of the service they SIMPLY CHARGE by the pound.  P E R I O D.  Our original quote was $1600Actual cost $2729
5	Just used Graebel to move from Arizona to New Jersey and had a really good experience. Professional, friendly, and reasonable prices. I completed two separate reviews and selected 5/5 for the Arizona location and 4/5 for the New Jersey location.  The only reason I selected 4 rather than 5 stars is that for the delivery in NJ, the movers called to advise they would arrive between 8:30 and 9:00am, but they had some delays and a phone call to let me know they would be about 45min late would have been nice. I will definitely use Graebel again in the future!
1	So  my move with Graebel was TERRIBLE.  First, the driver was super late to pick up our stuff.  No one called me to tell me he was going to be late, I had to call as I needed to get to work.  I was originally told he would arrive between 8am and 10am.  Well when 10:30 came and went I called and Graebel then had the driver call.  That is when he informed me that he was going to be there around 11:30.  Thanks for the heads up, I could have gone to work in the morning.  Second, we didn't get any information about the weight after our stuff was loaded.  A friend of mine went with AZ Moving and Storage for her move and received her weight that same day.  When the driver originally picked up the stuff he stated that there was no way it was close to the 3000 lb estimate.  When I called the driver a week later since I did not hear from him, he stated that he thought the weight was 2800 or 2900 lbs.  Interesting considering what he told us when he picked up the stuff.  I called Graebel to see if they had any information on our weight as I assumed the company would at least have accurate numbers (I spoke with Neil).  Well, you know what they say about assuming... they of course had no information and told me that the driver would have no reason to give them that information.  Umm, excuse me... why wouldn't the driver have a reason to relay the weight information?!?  Neil actually seemed annoyed and told me as long as its under the estimate no one ever really asks about the weight.  Third, when the driver calls to say he is going to deliver our stuff the next day he says he can't drive his truck into the city, umm well you knew our address when you gave the estimate.  Fourth, Neil from Graebel called to say there would be an extra $350 charge to use a smaller truck in the city.  Well that is unacceptable because you gave us a max quote and you knew the address when you gave the quote, so not my problem.  It is utterly ridiculous to assume we are going to pay more when they had the address for the quote and knew or should have known what the laws in the city allow. After asking to speak to a manager I was put on hold and Neil came back and said they would do the smaller truck for no additional charge to me.  But my favorite part was that Neil now informed me that our weight was 3400 lbs... wow the number keeps growing.  The driver provided the weight slips at the time he delivered our stuff and the slips seemed off considering the higher weight was completed earlier than the lower weight.  He claimed he didn't have time to weigh his truck without my stuff so he had to weigh it after loading and then remove my stuff and weigh it then to get the weight before my stuff was loaded.  Incredible, considering he was HOURS late to pickup our stuff in the first place, he could and should have weighed his truck prior to getting to my place!  How can I be sure he removed just my stuff and not more to make it look like I my stuffed weighed more?!  I am so disappointed, I feel cheated.   Needless to say, I wouldn't recommend this company to anyone ever!  I would however recommend AZ Moving and Storage and I didn't even use their service, but my friend who moved 2 days before had such an amazing experience.  I wish I would have gone with them!Now that I started unpacking stuff, a few of my glass items are broken. I should've figured considering as they loaded my boxes into the apt they would just throw one box on top of another even if the box below said fragile or the box being thrown said fragile. I'm sure there are more broken things, but I'm too tired to go through them all right now and I can't keep getting upset all over again each time I find a new problem.
5	Love the Arizona crew! We were on our way to Houston. Packers were scheduled to arrive between 8-10am. They showed up at my doorstep at 8:01 friendly, energized and efficient. Juan and Marquis were highly professional. Our items were wrapped and packaged items very neatly. A lot of attention to detail, they did a much better job than I could have done and I have OCD tendencies!Loaders were scheduled to come between 9-11am the following day and were at my place by 9:30.  Arnold and his team were also highly professional and very friendly.  They moved quickly and answered any questions that I might have. No damage or accidents.Highly recommend their services! They made our move smooth and stress free.
