5	Best place for pizza in the C-U hands down!  I've been eating pizza here since I can remember and it's always good.  Hint: they have Monical's original recipe and use more cheese = better pizza!  It's a family run establishment and you can be sure the pizza will be first rate if Rhonda is in the kitchen cooking it up.  Bowling, pizza and beer/pepsi makes for a first rate night in the C-U!
1	the only reason i am giving this place 1 star is because of the service we had at the lounge last night. i dont give may 1 stars...and it takes a lot for me to give 1. but i dont know who this waitress thought she was last night or if she was having a bad night....but she was by far the worst waitress i have ever come in contact with at a place to eat. it took forever for everything. she never once offered refills on any of our parties drinks, ...i had to ask for more water and the girl didnt even replace the ice so i got warm water...had to send the cup back with the guy who brought over our pizza to get more ice, we asked for popcorn and she never brought the refills for that. it took forever to get our pizza. we had a good size party of 8, ordered 3 pizzas, they all came out one at a time and about 10 minutes apart of each other. it was horrible service. which by the way the pizza was AMAZING!!!! it was the closest thing to Monicals pizza i think you can get now. if i was rating this on the food it would get 5 by far, but i was soooo disappointed in the service i had to vent about how horrible this blond waitress with her "stay away from me diamond ring" was. from what i hear when you go there...ask for Nicky! she is the best!!!! Sorry I was not able to get the Nicky Customer Service Experience!!!!
5	I'm only rating them on their bowling, not food.  I took relatives to this place and it was so welcoming and friendly.  I'm a terrible bowler and we were just there to have fun and goof around with family.  Sometimes I feel like an outsider at bowling alleys, because some people take it way serious.  But during the day at Old Orchard, there were groups of kids, older adults, families, such variety!  And everyone was having a great time.  The staff was friendly, we had to have our computer set up for us and the man at the counter was super-helpful.  Clean bathrooms, lots of lanes and ample parking!
2	I would give five stars for the pizza, which is awesome; but the service here is just horrible.  I come here at least once a week and the service is always poor. No refills, tables sitting dirty, lack of caring by staff, the list goes on.  They really need friendlier staff and a bar manager.  The bar staff have to wait on the tables, so depending on the night, the food can take forever. I usually end up getting waited on by the blonde mentioned in a previous review.  I like to refer to her as "smiley", because she seriously never smiles.  Apparently, she's not concerned with getting tips.  She walks past dirty tables multiple times without cleaning them and never offers refills, boxes, etc unless you're a hot guy.  Pizza is amazing, service sucks.
4	Stopped in after attending the Home Show. Excellent 'Monical's' 8" pizza, crisp salad, soda, and a beer special, $9.01. Cant' beat it. Sat near the bar in a sunroom, was quiet, warmer than inside, and had attentative service.
1	This is my least favorite place in town to bowl.  The lanes are not kept in good shape.  I have a feeling the ball returns would damage my ball if I bowled there often, as they are rickety and seem dangerous.  There are sometimes floorboards missing near the lanes, and the oil patterns are, well, let's just say.... adventurous.  Instead of calling it "Old Orchard Lanes", it could be called "Old Equipment Lanes".  Everything looks dingy.On the other hand, the mini-golf that is connected here, is pretty decent.  If they showed as much care for the bowling, then things would be a lot better.This place is still always busy, most likely because it is easy to get to from campus.
4	Stopped in with family on a Friday afternoon around 430pm. There were many lanes available and we were quickly given shoes and designated a lane. A member of my party ordered a pizza which smelled and looked delicious!We played two games and paid when we were finished. It was a reasonably priced and fun afternoon activity! I would return.
4	The Pizza is what makes the stop worthwhile. If it wasn't for that; Bowling would just be Bowling.
1	Pizza is great if you enjoy thin crust. Other menu items are good as well.  The service consistently sucks!  It's horrible!  Every time, service is absolutely horrendous. Proceed with caution.
