4	I never thought Sonic would come to freezing Wisconsin after seeing all the cute little car hop A&W's fade away... I'm Stoked Sonic rocks as far as fast food is concerned! Reasons to check out Sonic:If you don't like their 2-4 Happy Hour Drink Special there's something wrong!  The drinks there are super yummy. Breakfast all day long! Fast & Friendly Service. There's just something cool about seeing workers on roller skates bring food to me. Chili Cheese Frito Wrap???  LOL... Im still decided about that one.. All and all I am happy to review good old Sonic..  I just hope they don't put up too many around the area... then its not going to be so special anymore.  Have a Super Sonic Day!
1	If you like fast food, you will love Sonic.  If you like eating in your car and having the stench of grease linger for days, you will also love Sonic.  I love comfort food as much as the next person, but the food here is too greasy and bland to make me want to recline my seat and dribble ketchup all over the upholstery.  The food I've had at Sonic has been cold and tasteless, though it was at least served to me with a smile.  The coffee is the stuff you get from a cappuccino machine at a gas station.  The only reason I'll return is to add a few vodka nips to a cherry lemonade slush, and that won't be until the temperature reaches at least 50.
3	The service and food was ok considering it was their second week open for business in an area that has no other Sonic's for 200 miles - it was hectic, but the staff kept their cool. I love being able to sit in the car - although not too often. The food was ok. I had a chicken bacon wrap with a dr. pepper.
2	I am only giving this Sonic 2 stars because their strawberry lemonade slushie is the perfect mix with a few shots of vodka (as past reviewer mentioned). However, without the liquor their drinks even suck. You mostly get slush and not that much flavoring. So, if you're ordering a large you'll probably have half a cup left of just plain slush. This bugs me. If you're going to buy a drink at least buy it from 2-4 when their half price..Everything else, including their food is a severe disappointment if I ever seen one. I know it's fast food, but come on. Even McDonald's isn't this bad and I hate that place too. Like past reviewers said, the food is pretty much tasteless and bland. They have a dollar menu so if you're thinking about buying food please buy off that. Do not pay regular prices for what I would describe as pretty much nothing. I can't believe I actually ate their food more than once. Blahh.
3	First of all, if I could give a rating solely based on Limeade, this place would be four stars....but alas, I cannot.The food here is ridiculously bad. Yep. That's all I can say about that.BUT, the beverages are great(and half price between 2-4 EVERY DAY), and the frozen treats are good too. A buck for a soft serve cone? Yes please! I recently ordered a Coconut Cream Pie Shake, and almost went into sugar shock. Good, but holy crap! So, in review: Sonic is a great place to grab a Happy Hour beverage or a sweet treat, but save your food dollars(and your car upholstery) and eat a real meal!
2	I was really excited when I heard Madison finally had a Sonic. I had never been before, but had always seen the ads for it on tv and thought their food looked good. I was very disappointed. There are only a limited amount of meals you can chose from. I got the crispy chicken sandwich and it tasted so bland. The onion rings and jalapeno poppers were bland too. The strawberry slushy was ok. The ocean water was ok. Needless to say not only was the food bland and disappointing, but normally I never get stomach aches and after eating there I felt sick.
2	Ohhhh man I am not loving Sonic anymore..  the newness has worn way off...  Although the drinks are the Shit... U can't argue about that!
3	The girl serving me didn't know the difference between a shake and a malt. When I ordered a malt and got a shake, I let her know and then got an attitude from her. I just got a refund at that point and went to Culver's.
3	Sonic is always something exciting for me whenever traveling because it is like that rare, endangered species of bird that you do not see in your own homeland. You have found it's feather before, but you cannot recall the last time you actually saw one.Well this time, we were DETERMINED to track this rare beast down ... and track we did! Once we caught it, the result was mixed to say the least. It was good! ... just not great.But that didn't matter. It was the allure of finding this gem of a lunch stop with it's beautful plumes of cherry limeades, ocean water and chicago dogs that did matter. It was the excitement of ordering through a little intercom then, voila!, food appears! It was that, that made this experience worth having.
4	Why are all the other Yelpers getting down on this Sonic location? It's not so bad.Service is slower than any Sonic anywhere else in the world. And sometimes it lacks a smile. But it's Sonic. Amazingly yummy slushes, crunchable ice, tasty sundaes, amazing tatertots, and the rest of the menu (as it is at ALL Sonics) is passable. That's just how they roll.
1	We tried this place once because of all the buzz about it and it looked like a fun place and brought back memories of the old A and W restaurants of our childhood.  Boy were we disappointed.The food served here is total junk.  As in junk, junk food.  I wouldn't recommend this place to a homeless person.Wonder bread buns, el cheapo hot dogs, rats ass chili sauce.  This place has found food from every one of my most unpleasant memories of CHEAP junk food and put them all on their menu.  God save us all.
2	This Sonic had good food (for a Sonic) but service was very slow.Be advised that they use fake whipped cream as a topping on their shakes and (presumably) ice cream.
3	Ok - so I like the feel of this place, but overall quality is just ok.  It is a good place to get a hot dog and some tater tots.  Who does not love tater tots?  The location is a bit off, just tucked into a semi-residential/strip mall area.  I love tater tots and I love that when I get my food here it is hot and delicious.  I wish they had more of a variety but this is a chain after all.  If you sign up for emails, you always get notifications of coupon and deals.  They have special everyday and happy hours for appetizers.  Try it out for a quit meal when you are out and about.
2	Typical fast food but with hot dogs and other crap....  Nothing special...  I don't want to eat in my car...  Not worth the time / effort to visit this place.
1	I dont eat fast food. However. I consume diet coke, coffee, and diet cherry limeades like its my job. This evening I went for a ride and found myself parched. So. Diet cherry limeade it was. I told the pleasant drive through attendant my order and pulled behind 2 other cars waiting for their order ahead of me.I had a long day and needed to zone out (hence the planned drive). 23 minutes later it dawned on me. I HAD BEEN SITTING IN LINE FOR 23 MINUTES FOR A CHERRY LIMEADE.So no.Just...No. For a Monday night at 10 pm, come on. What in the....
2	Sorry... drive-thru service is way too slow when there doesn't look like there's any business at all.. the speaker wasn't working so we had to the window to order & wait for the food... could've offered free small drinks for the inconvenience... we could have driven away thinking they weren't open. Haven't back since...
1	How hard is it to understand that I want a regular #1 burger with mustard?   The options are mustard, mayo, or ketchup.   I selected mustard and guess what?  that is all I got on my burger.  Seems like there is some training needed at this establishment. I have been to Sonic establishments all over the southeast and have never had an issue.  This is the second time I have had an issue with this place and will not be back.
4	1/2 price shakes after 8pm real fruit slushes are awesome!! Quick service hamburgers look good!!
4	First time ever to sonic...inspired. by silly commercials. Had onion rings....good not too greezy  and sour blue raspberry slushy....yummy. overall. "B+"
