4	Yes, it's your basic Bojangles...but in the growing area of Midtown.  That means it's a "nice" one.  After shopping at the new Metropolitan area (Target, Home Depot design center, West Elm, Trader Joe's, etc.), you can swing by this new nearby Bojangles and grab yourself a chicken or breakfast biscuit.  Egg and country ham for me, please!  I love that they offer breakfast ALL DAY.  Breakfast sandwiches are all that I really enjoy at fast food restaurants like McDonald's and Burger King, so to have that option anytime I want is Bojanglicious!
4	I never really craved Fried Chicken, back when I was a West Coast, health conscious gal. That is until I discovered the spicy, crispy, juicy goodness of Bojangles fried chicken. They don't have these out west, so I didn't know what to expect. There is almost always a well-valued special. This location is very clean and looks relatively new. First off, I never expect bright-eyed, smiling service at fast food places, but this Bojangles was a pleasant surprise. Ever-so polite, prompt and friendly, the staff at the counter, managers in the kitchen and the folks at the to go window are always cheerful. There is definitely something to be said for the management at this location or region. It's not uncommon to see a manager walk out to deliver food to a table, drop bo-rounds into a fryer or set the pace. The food here is dependable, usually pretty fresh and a bargain. They also have Wi-fi here which is pretty cool. Breakfast is awesome, bo-rounds are irresistible, and chicken is spicy. It will satisfy your fried chicken craving and have you licking your fingers and picking at the bones. What more could you ask?
4	I was skeptical of Bojangles at first after my friend told me to try it. I traveled all the way from California so I had to try it. At first, I thought this was another KFC, but boy was I wrong. I ended up getting 4 legs, 1 wing, a side of mashed potatoes and another side of green beans plus one of their famous pies.The meat was very tender and tasty. This is much better than KFC back home and church's chicken. It's comparable with Popeyes, I would say. This was my first time trying southern sweet ice tea, which is supposedly also very good and a must-try. The only complaint I have about their ice tea is that the sweetened version is much too sweet. The more I drank, the thirstier I became.The only reason this place didn't get a 5 is because it's really oily and of course unhealthy. But of course you get what you pay for. I spent a total of $7 for everything. I'm definitely coming back next time to get one of their breakfast items, which looks good in the picture menu.
4	I can't believe I'm recommending a fast food place (considering how extremely unhealthy it is) but I'm beginning to understand the Bojangles culture that I've grown up around as an NC native.  They are truly "famous" for their chicken and biscuits.  Every now and then I'll go there for a treat, but nothing on a regular basis (think heart attack by age 35).  However, their biscuits and chicken are just fantastic southern comfort food.  Much better than KFC and though lacking in atmosphere, better than Price's Chicken Coop as well.
4	Made my first trip to Bojangles while visiting Charlotte this past weekend... I LOVE biscuits and this was clearly the place to go for that! I ordered some chicken, mac & cheese, a plain biscuit, and 2 cinnamon biscuits... the best part of the meal was clearly the biscuits... other food was just ok.  I love these biscuits, especially those heavenly cinnamon biscuits!
4	Great location... newly renovated and kept clean.   The dining room also has pictures of old buildings (that I am assuming) are buildings that used to be around the midtown area.Biscuits + Chicken + convenient to Uptown = awesome.
3	Unlike many other Bojangles, this one looks like it was built sometime this century.  While it may very well be the only one that actually was built in the last ten years - or perhaps it was just renovated since it is near the center city and people other than those who live in Charlotte might see it - it actually looks pretty nice.Unlike some other chains that have decided to really reinvent themselves in recent years (see McDonald's and Wendy's to name just a couple), Bojangles really only decided to clean.  It made a bit of a difference, but ultimately they are still Bojangles.  The chicken can beat most places in town, and it is nice that you have a fresh place to grab it rather than the dark and dingy restaurants that you usually have to visit.I feel like enough of a scumbag due to my normal habits, this makes me feel just a little bit better.  Thanks Bojangles!
4	This Bojangles is new, modern, delicious and has quick service.  I go here only when I have a craving for a country ham biscuit - yummy!
5	There is no better place for a quick breakfast than Bojangles, I love there ham, egg and cheese biscuits and chicken biscuits.
4	This is a very well run Bojangles location. Convenient to uptown for the drive into work for breakfast and heading out of uptown for dinner. The family variety pack is the Big Bo Box with both chicken on the bone and chicken supremes plus 3 large "picnic" sides with 8 biscuits and a half gallon of tea for $28! This feeds my family for 2 days plus biscuits for breakfast. Also a great choice for Panthers tailgating.
3	Very nice establishment. Employees lack listening skills. I asked for crispy bo rounds, I get chewy. I asked for a light biscuit, I get the opposite. Not everytime, but too often. Other than that, polite people with good customer service, and fast service.
