1	I would like to comment about their Nanny service but they never called or e-mailed me back. I made several attempts to contact them and they never returned any of my calls. It is basic professionalism to return calls or e-mails even if their service is busy at the moment.
5	We love our Nanny!!
1	This nanny service is horrible.  When I signed up to use a nanny service, I expected it to actually decrease the stress of hiring a nanny.  It actually made the process 10 times MORE stressful and hectic.  They nanny candidates they sent me were inexperienced and uneducated.  Some of them couldn't even completely fill out the application.  What's more, most of the nannies they sent me didn't return my calls.  On top of that, the agency would only send me 2 names at a time, so rather than do a bunch of interviews all at once and get the process taken care of, it dragged on for week after stressful week. It got to the point that I began conducting Craigslist interviews in addition (I hired a private detective to run background checks if I found someone on Craigslist).   When I complained to them about the service, with the above complaints, they literally yelled at me for over 45 minutes about how I was probably just trying to get out of paying (not true - I never even asked for a discount).  They are not interested in you as a customer or your needs as a family.  Evidently, they know what is best for me and my family.  When I finally found a nanny through their service (in hindsight, the least bad of the terrible choices they'd sent me), I would up having to fire her before a year was over.  Their service is overpriced and literally completely worthless. STAY AWAY!!!!  I now have a nanny who I found through a personal connection, and have had her for 3 years.  Now that I know what a good nanny is, I can clearly say STAY AWAY FROM THE NANNY EXCHANGE.
5	My husband and I are so pleased with the nanny exchange and all their efforts to get us a nanny house manager. We moved from out of state and contacted them, not only we were in the middle of a large moving process but also worried about whom to leave our children. They were there to help me at a time when I was so busy and worried and within a week they found a great nanny whom we consider a member of our family, she even helped us pick a school for my 8 yr old. I was amazed at how easy the process was and how the staff was so professional and understanding.
