4	Newly opened, Traditional Foot Massage adds to the growing list of foot massage places popping up all over Vegas.The Big F and I decided to get a little work done on our feet  and scope out this new business.Prices are:30 minutes: $19.9945 minutes: $27.9960 minutes: $37.9975 minutes: $47.9990 minutes: $57.99We went for the 45 minute option.  We tried asking a couple of questions, but the lady pointed out that her English is minimal.  So beyond what they offer, don't bother saying much else.Walking into this dimly lit space, you'll see about four semi-private rooms with two or more chairs.  As we were brought into our room, hot tea or water was offered.  They brought over tubs of hot herbal water for our feet to soak in.  Our chairs reclined back and they started massaging our heads and temples.  Then they moved to our arms before getting to our feet.  The guy working on my feet did a fine job, just enough pressure and it had me feeling good.  The Big F must have enjoyed his foot massage because I soon heard snoring before we were half way through!   After they were done with the foot massage, they had us sit on the foot rest so they could give us a shoulder massage.  This shoulder massage was much better than the one I got from Pure Foot & Spa (where I got blisters).They supposedly offer a Buy 5 Get 1 Free special, but you have to purchase all five at once! Blah.  Overall, we were pretty pleased with the work they did here.VISA and MasterCard accepted.
2	I'm sorry to give a bad review but...  I've been to many foot massage places in the past two years (when foot massages started to spring up everywhere between LA and LV) and this place is much more pushy than the usual foot massage places. The woman working there kept pushing me to add on more services so they would make more money. The person working on me seemed very lazy and I did not get a good massage. I work all day and my feet hurt so I thought I would try out the foot massage here since it just opened recently, should have spent my money somewhere else, ie. the foot massage place that's across the plaza from Traditional.  Actually, I think the foot massage place that I like is the place that Teri C. didn't like as much.  Oh well, I think the experience really differs with different massage people.  Just a thought...  One more thing, I think the name is spelled wrong on yelp.  Can I change it?  Just figured out how to do it, there hopefully the name spelling will be fixed.
4	I called since I wasn't sure how late they're open on Sundays & places tend to close earlier.  Since they knew I was coming, as soon as I pulled into the parking lot (840pm), a man escorted me thru the front door & introduced himself as Rex.  He recommended doing an hour since he asserted it would be better to give that extra 15 mins to the (neglected?) back, even  though I told him I wanted the 45 mins.  Well, he was right, the 1hr was well worth the extra $10.  His English, by the way was easily understandable & he accommodated my request for a firmer touch, stating that he hadn't gone deeper cuz he was afraid that it would be too hard for my shoulders, but it felt good to get that slight border edge of pain.  I have had these  foot massages in China & it was very similar except all the workers are female there & here, when I left, I got a pair of socks & a package of some yummy individually wrapped large rice crackers (that I chomped on during the foot massage.)  In addition, Rex pointed out that he even gave me an extra 15 mins for my back (yay! free).  Last but not least, now there's a card for buy 10, get 1 free that they mark off as you come but not needing to purchase all at once anymore.  He told me as I left since I asked that he's available 7 days.  I'm definitely coming back since the health of the body is believed by the Chinese, to be through the foot & I'm a convert.
4	I went here again & I brought a girlfriend who's never had a foot massage.  I asked for Rex again & she got a woman, can't remember her name.  My friend has had regular massages before & also pedicures with a ft massage & definitely thought this was first rate.  My friend was kicking back & remarked afterwards at how strong their arms/hands are to give such a strong wonderful foot massage.
5	I just had my foot massage last night. It was great great and great!They didn't speak influence english but able to understand, maybe it's perfect environment to calm down and relax becoz they didn't talk to you that much as others. Also, one thing I got to mention, skill - perfect & professional! But I request light light and light level before I had my 60 mins fooot massage coz one of my girlfriend told me to request befort start. Good! I didn't get hurt... coz I went to another foot massage that they did so heavy on my toe even I told them 'lightly, plz"!I highly recommend CALL 1st even tho they open until midnight but good foot massage always carrying very busy businessssss! Give a try!
2	I was expecting so much more. After reading the reviews of this place.It was super dark inside, but thankfully we got to sit together. The super comfy recliners get 4stars. These two men bring the water for our feet, dim the lights, then leave us to almost fall asleep for about 5min. The two guys come back and start at our neck and shoulders. We BOTH thought it was a bit painful but forced ourselves to work through the pain. Then they took my feet out of the water and started massaging my legs. At this point I figured it would kinda be like getting a pedi. By the end of it, I'd have rather gotten a pedi! This sucked. He focused more on just rubbing up and down my calves than my actual pressure point on  my feet. Not to mention the other guy got up and left for a phone call and was replaced by someone else. Weird. Basically I expected more on just my FEET. It wasn't all that and I'm glad I got it out of my system, but I'll probably never go back
5	Woohoo! As good as it gets!Based on D S recommended, I had Rex & my co-worker had Amy last weekend. Seems like Rex worked in few places cuz his name showed up here and other foot massage too. Anyway, I had him and we talked little bid. As I know he works in Good Foot Massage too (same owner). Over there, they open until 2am, 7days/week. But I couldn't find this place on yelp :( -- new location: 4545 Spring Mountain with green color sign -- between Decatur & Arville, next to Joyful House-- open from 10am to 2am, 7days/ week-- 5 cubbies and very private-- parties welcome-- take credit cards & giving promotion cards & gift card availableOverall, I like this place! Hot green tea, cookies, free gift ( I got a Hello Kitty cell phone charm) and my co-worker got a pair of sock + very good deal with promotion card. And I'll try their new location nex time...Honestly, I love Vegas Chinatown area (compare to Chicago and Boston). Almost everything you want are around here!
4	So, for weeks now I've been wanting to try one of the foot massage places. I was always turned off by them because from the outside, they definitely looked questionable and the last thing I wanted was to be involved in some kind of fake massage parlor but a place for sex sting and me plastered on the evening news when all I wanted was for someone to massage my feet. Anyway, so I call around and honestly, I chose this place because out of three places, it was the one that actually spoke English over the phone and was able to answer some of my questions. I make my way to Spring Mountain and as I drive west, I swear there are at least 10 other foot massage places, all kinda looking the same. I arrive and I'm greeted at the door by a tiny little Chinese lady and within 5 minutes I'm at my comfy chair, feet in warm water and away she goes. I personally have not had a massage in about two years and this "foot massage and reflexology" for one hour included shoulders, neck head, arm and legs. If I had known that all that was included in the $38.99 price, I would have gone for an extra fifteen minutes. I was the only one there, it was quiet, nice and the lady was very professional. I've had massages before but I'm always amazed how this tiny lady exerted so much force/strength on my back. It was only towards the tail end AND after I realized I jacked up I was. I had so many knots in my back she should've used a rolling pin!! I will definitely come back but I think if there were any more than several people in at the same time, you would probably lose some points on tranquility and privacy. I think to come here once every 5-6 weeks is definitely worth the money...especially if you're on your feet 8-11 hours a day like I am! BTW, I have looked around and the prices are all comparable. My sister in L.A. got the same exact massage in Chinatown in Cali for $20. I don't think you'll ever get that price here, but if I had a choice, I'd do one of these types of massages versus going to one of those hoity-toity places (unless someone paid for it or I had a gift certificate or won Megabucks or if $$$ grew on a tree in my backyard.)
5	This is definitely a great place to get relaxation! The workers there are very professional and dedicated, and have very amazing massage skills as well. They also serve customers with hot tea, cookies, and candies there, which is small but make you feel comfortable. Strongly recommend this place to all those who want to get some relaxation from hard working and refreshing body after spending certain reasonable amount of money!
5	First time foot massage in Vegas! Feels good! The manager Vivian is so kind! Will go there again next time! Don't forget to give me discount.. :)
5	Amazing massage!  Felt revitalized!1.5 hours for 68 bucks which included the extra 10 for more back/shoulder massage.  The private 2 chair rooms were very clean and the music soothing.We will  be back!
5	They say foot massage but you get a whole body massage and a foot soak for an affordable price. Go for some pho in Chinatown and a massage after. =)
4	they were very hard working and professional....its worth the money..the girl joy was very sweet!! a had a man and he gave the best foot massage ever....the massage your arms,head,shoulders..
5	Got a great 1 hour  massage with heated pad on my back for 30 minutes for $28 and $10 tip. $38 total. Not bad at all. I felt great after I left.
5	Love these places, relaxation good for stress and the body, cheap prices, no  waiting
5	Not exactly sure what to think. I never review a place right after a visit but this review just couldn't wait. Drove by he place and three people standing outside. I always feel a little weird when the employees of a place are staring at you while you park. Came in with groupon special. $28 for 90 minute reflexology, 30 minute detox and 60 minute foot massage. They brought some refreshments and got me started on my detox. I checked the water at 30 minutes and it was pretty brown. Been boozing a bit too much lately so glad that it's getting rid of some of my sins. Then she worked on my face and head and my shoulders. After detox was done she gave a pretty nice foot rub. About halfway through my foot rub he people in the next room were talking pretty loudly. She shushed them and told them in Mandarin to keep it down. I'm Taiwanese so I can speak remedial Mandarin. Then the lady in the next room went on a burping fit for 20 minutes. Not even kidding. I'm use to Asians being less than proper but it was a bit ridiculous. But I'm kinda use to Asians sometimes just being oblivious when it comes to stuff like this so I can deal with this. I chose to do the full body massage for $10 extra. Let me warn this is when things get really weird. She had a large towel covering me, not even a blanket. She told me to take my shirt off. I mean I had to take the shirt off under the big towel while she was in the room. Remind you there are three other beds in the room. It would have been extremely odd if she was a dude and if there were any other patrons in the room. I told her my lower back was bothering me so she laid me face down, pulled the towel past my butt, and lowered my pants just above my butt crack. I had tights on and all I could think about was my pants slipping down and exposing the moon. Just so weird and bizarre. And she rubbed my butt pretty good. Next time I'll say my shoulders hurt.Well anyway after it was all over, I tipped her and got ready to leave. She asked if I was local. I said yes. She gave me her business card and said I won't have to buy a groupon next time and gave me an additional $2 off. So my next session will only be $26. So looks like I'm coming back. Hey, what can I say? I'm Asian. We can't pass up a good deal. Lol
4	Great place worth every penny! My husband and I bought the group on and had no idea what to expect. The detox is not a big deal. It's relaxing but I wouldn't say necessary. I highly recommend paying the extra 10 dollars for a full body massage. You will be asked to take your shirt off which doesn't bother me at all.The massage was great and the foot massage was also good. We are definitely planning on making this a regular thing.
1	I should have know when I saw the sign that said "NO REFUNDS" I have been to many many foot massage places and this, by far, was the worst. I got a groupon for a 90 minute massage for $28.00 - Great deal, right? Well - 30 minutes of the massage was being hooked up to an ion machine, 60 minutes was a massage. We paid $10 additional dollars for a full body massage. The massage was very bad. I paid $28 for the Groupon + $10 for the whole body rub + $10 tip (why did I tip??). $58.00 for a 60 minutes massage that was subpar....
3	Came here because I bought a Groupon for a 90 minute foot massage, which is supposed to be complimented by tea, fruit and snacks. Well, the minute we entered the doors, the lady came greeted us and was pleasant. She then took us to the back for our treatment. Though everything was good, I enjoyed the massage very much and I even added a body massage for an extra $10, which we enjoyed. However, NOT ONCE, did we get the tea, fruit and snacks which came with the Groupon!!!! Not good at all.So, though we did enjoy the massage and like I mentioned before, they are pleasant, but all I'm saying is that don't post a deal on Groupon and then not fully give what you're offering!!
5	This was the highlight of my Vegas trip. I bought the Groupon for 90min. We called to make an appt and the person who answered the phone greeted us with, "Hi how are you?" and didn't seem to care we were coming in at 4pm. When we arrived, we were welcomed. The spa was quiet and dark. There were a few rooms. We were taken into a room with dark red curtains (seemed sketchy at first) and about 5 beach beds. We settled up the bill by showing our Groupon and they prepped around us in a flurry--buckets, snacks, quiet shushing, light dimming, plugging, clicking, tapping. We were pretty skeptical (but willing and openminded) at first. I guess, officially, it started with a foot soak. The water was hot and there were bumpy things on the bottom of the bucket. I probably soaked for 30 min. They also wrap a heat belt around your waist (too hot after 20 min or so) and apply a finger monitor for some reason. We had to look over a waiver saying diabeetus was bad mmkay and we didn't have hypoglycemia either (probably why they give you a snack). We were reclined, next to each other and soothing music played in the dark. if I'd known what to expect, I probably could have relaxed more. In retrospect, it was very nice. I just had no idea where it was going. The real treatment started with a face/neck/scalp massage (10-15min)--no warning, he just started touching my face (pro tip: don't wear makeup to this treatment!). It took a few minutes to get used to but it was very relaxing. The technician sat above my head and moved to my side. He used long strokes and applied precise pressure.I was offered/upsold a full body massage for ten dollars more (no thank you) and we continued to my the lower region. He relocated to my feet. Both legs from the knee down were manipulated for 5-10 minutes with cream, then one foot at a time for maybe 20 min each. After completion, we were given water and had our snacks (orange slices, hard candy and some packaged cookies). At times, the massage was painful, for brief seconds, but then the relief of it not hurting anymore was so relaxing I couldn't even remember what the pain felt like. He did ask a few times if the pressure was ok (language barrier; harder sounded like hotter) and a few times I asked for more pressure. Hands were very capable. I was very impressed and tipped as such. I'd recommend this to anyone in Vegas. Find a way to get here.I left feeling like I scored a bargain. Feeling unwound and happy to be off the beaten Strip path. Incidentally, Irene's across the street has great pizza!
5	I was very happy with the service. I have almost nothing to complain about except other guest. Some patrons were very loud and distracted from relaxation. I plan to return over and over again.
5	Bought the 90 min Groupon for foot reflexology. Although I would not consider what they did as reflexology it was still worth every penny and I would do it again. They rub everything...feet, head, hands, arms, legs and back. Everyone was extremely friendly.  My only real complaint is the back heater was way too hot. It scalded my boyfriends back and it was hard to relax because it got so hot.
1	I bought the Groupon and went for my appointment this past Saturday afternoon.  I was very disappointed in the service I received. The staff was friendly enough and  I was expecting REFLEXOLOGY but got a lot of relaxation, about a 30 minute or so foot soak, and some light message on head, shoulder, arms, front of my legs (which really hurt because the bones was being rubbed very hard, not the muscle), and barely my feet.  This service was no where near REFLEXOLOGY and I will not go back and I will tell everyone I know as well.  If you are needing reflexology, I do not recommend going to this place of business.
1	I called to make an appointment, like the groupon instructed. I got there at the time of my appointment, but 30 minutes in, my masseuse left the room and a lady came in and asked if I would move to another room since a couple had just arrived. Confused, I walked over to the room they wanted me to move to, and it appeared to be the employee office/breakroom/kitchen/storage area, with 2 tv's, computer, random buckets and bad lighting. And the massage was not special. There are much better massage places on Spring Mountain.
1	I stopped in to try the advertised $20 special.  They upsold me to $28 for an added 30 minute "ion bath" which is clearly hokem. The massage was perfunctory, the therapist just going through the motions of a very set routine.The real shocker was when I gave her $40 and asked for $5 back in change, a 25% tip. She flat out refused to give any change. She typed 40 into the calculator, subtracted 28, pointed at the 12 and then pointed at herself. When I said no, 7 for her, 5 for me, she shook her head. Hahaha, I just walked out. Enjoy that $5, you'll never see another penny from me.Not recommended.
2	This groupon is not worth it. First,the 90 minute foot massage was only about an hour and 10 minutes max to start and half of that is a soak in hot water with no other benefit or spa sensation or nice smell or anything. Detox, I think not. Second, there was no tea or drink of any kind during the foot massage nor was there any kind of fruit or snack either. A small bottle of water was offered to me at the end of session. Third, bright light constantly streaming in every ten minutes from front door opening all the time. The woman who massaged my feet did not speak english but made sure i understood my tip at the end was too small. Even tho this was a groupon, I still feel like I was ripped off. There are so many other foot massage places to go on the same road. I don't recommend this one.
2	No complaints about the massage.  It was very relaxing.  My Groupon stated 90 minutes. This included 60 minutes of massage,  of which I only received 40 minutes.  Also,  it said tea would be provided,  and I was never offered tea.  Then when I handed my groupon to him at the end of the 70 minute session,  he said "Where's my tip?" I gave him $5, which at the end of the day I shouldn't have even done because he cut me 20 minutes short,  but then he complained saying "only $5"? Will not return.
1	This place is a scam. My girlfriend and I went because of a groupon. It was for 90 min massage. For 30 min detox they put a wristband on me for 30 min the massage was very rushed and we were in there for no more than an hour. They kept trying to up sell us different things which we denied. At the end I gave 10 dollar tip for my girlfriend and I and the lady kept telling me to give her more. I didn't have cash so she insisted in me using my credit card to give an additional 10. I did because I felt ackward. Don't go here
1	This place  is a joke. Patrons beware. Tip? Maybe, if I had received  decent reflexology. Rip offff
2	Groupon says on the Nut shell: Tea, fruit, and snacks accompany this relaxing foot rub and detox treatment, no such thing....
1	Group of 4 came in for one hour foot massage but two of us started later but all of us finished the same time. Massage was mediocre.  We were going to do a courtesy tip of $5 because for the two that didn't get a full hour but the lady said a minimum tip for an hour massage is $10.  I told her a tip is what we feel is deserved not something that is required.  She said one hour massage is hard work.  I told her to put that requirement in her advertisement and don't call it a tip.  Gave them $10 tips for a $20 service which is basically 50% gratuity.  Told them we were never coming back.
2	I would have given more stars, but there were so many problems.I bought a Groupon for a 90 minute treatment.  I made an appointment for 10 am, arrived promptly at 10, and was back in my car at 11:15 (75 min later).  So, there's the first issue.They brought some snacks - so that was good.The foot bath was OK, nothing special.  The decor is fine, no issue there.  The man seemed friendly enough but very distracted.  He would start some massage, then leave suddenly for at least 5 minutes.  This happened at least 3 times.I didn't ask for, or want, the head/neck/arm massage.  I wanted foot reflexology - that is what was stated on the Groupon.  He spent very little time on my feet.The price list on their wall said the price was $40 for this service.  When I left, I couldn't remember the 'value' from the Groupon - so used the posted price as a guide when fishing out a tip.  Given that the service was interrupted several times, and was not actually foot reflexology - I felt that 10% was appropriate and I handed the man $5.  If they had given good, uninterruped service, I would have gone for 20% ($8 based on the posted price).  He was very upset and demanded $10.  I gave in, but I will never be back.  And to think, even with the interruptions and weird definition of 'foot reflexology' - I had been considering coming back and bringing friends.  That extra $5 has cost him dearly.
4	I recommend it, great value for the money! I really enjoyed my time there. I made an appointment and I paid the extra $10 for he back and shoulder massage. But, it basically was a full body massage. I loved every minute it of! I was shocked by the foot detox part and the color of my water... is that really detoxing like that? I will go back and I have been wanting to go back ever since I left!
5	These ladies work very hard. It was three of us and they accommodated us so they we all are in the same room. They soak our feet in this warm ion solution which suppose to draw all unclean stuff out of us. (You have to have a few treatments to benefit from this)  Groupon offered a special so we jumped on it.The assagewas excellent with a lirtle foot walking on your back. They gave us fresh sliced sweet oranges and a little candy and gum on the table to us.Their cheap and inexpensive even without the groupon.
