3	My friend told me about $1 bowling here on Monday-Friday between 9am-4pm. They have something called the "Blue Pin Special." If you see a blue pin in the "1" position and you get a Strike, you win a FREE GAME! (Make sure you notify the attendant when you first notice the blue pin at the 1 position) We bowled 4 games. I got the Blue Pin Special only once and I got the strike! My buddy got it 3 times and he hit the strike twice. They make you write your name on the coupon and it expires in 2 weeks.There are 24 lanes. I think they close the lanes at 9pm. The place is kind of old, but you can't beat $1 a game!
1	What a dump! Silly me found a Groupon for $19 for $50 worth of bingo play at the Silver Nugget. Naively I mistook Silver Nugget for same thing as the Golden Nugget in Downtown Vegas. My, was I dead wrong. I may be an old lady at heart because I enjoy bingo, but this place uses automated machines that totally take the fun out of marking your own numbers.There's probably a reason why this Nugget didn't quite attain "Golden" status: this place is definitely for people with gambling and chain-smoking problems. BUT!! At least they put in a bowling alley and shitty arcade with broken games. When I have kids and a gambling addiction, I'll just dump them off here while I get my fix spending their college tuition money. Besides, they're gonna get lung cancer anyway right? Avoid. This place makes me sad.
4	I actually really love this place. Its definitely a bit of a trashy casino, but once youre in the bowling area, you hardly notice. the staff is ALWAYS super friendly. The first time I went, the guy even hooked me up with a free shoe rental.Im not a very good bowler, so I guess that if youre really serious about the sport, you probably wouldnt like it here. If you have a family and want something fun- go here. its super affordable! for 3 of us with shoe rentals and 2 games came out to just under $20. Also, if you want to have some beers, miller high life is $1 and theyve got all the great nasty bowling alley food for cheap too.I always come here with my niece and we always have a good time. its cheap, i dont feel that bad about her slamming the ball down the alley, and theyve got orange cheese nachos. awesome.
4	I am going to keep this review short and sweet. Silver Nugget has cheap bowling until 5PM. They have 24 well oiled lanes that are easy to bowl on. Never once did the fence get stuck. Nor did the ball return. No complaints there. Beers were cheap too. Certainly no complaints there. A good place to bowl. Nothing fancy but far from a dive. I'll be back.
2	Not a place I would bring my son or a place that has good lanes saw the cheap prices got really excited to play and there were a lot of rude people and wasnt happy with the lanes :(
