4	They take care of our home every 2-3 months. Last time they came and left a bill and didn't even knock to tell us they were here. I noticed the day after a bunch of spider webs on the outside of our home still. They had always removed them in the past and that was part of their pitch. I called and spoke to jake, he scheduled someone to come back out to do another treatment and clean the webs. No charge. Thanks.
5	Thanks AL :) Friendly service:)
5	With the company we used before, we had scorpions in our home and we saw bugs and spiders all the time.  I just thought that was common and nothing could be done about it.  Boy was I wrong... since Greenshield has started treating our home, we don't have to worry about our family's safety - we never see anything!  Al is my technician at GreenShield Pest Control.  He takes pride in his work and always does an excellent job of making sure we are safe and also takes the time to be friendly to my curious 4 year old.
5	Tony just came out and took care of all our worries! He was vey professional and super nice! He explained everything and did an overall awesome job!
5	Signed a 1 yr agreement about a year ago when a gentleman came knocking...normally I tell people to go away, but he was very nice and non-threatening and seemed very genuine in just helping people so i gave him 5 minutes.  Ended up signing up and have been very pleased with their services.  They will come on a dime if something comes up during your treatments and the guy who seems to always answer at the office is very cool and friendly. We do a bi-monthly treatment and have never had more than just a couple minor issues that would happen no matter what pest control place you had. I do feel they could be more friendly on pricing, I hope I re-negotiate now that I've given them a year of loyalty - $76 every 2 months isn't breaking the bank, but it seems that alot of places are around $50-60 nowadays and have great reviews themselves online.  We will see.....but overall happy otherwise.
