4	2009:Three words: hand crafted cigars. A great cigar store in an unassuming storefront. Timothy Torres is a master of his craft, rolling the cigars on the premises. You will see people sitting outside in lawn chairs talking and smoking cigars almost any evening. You may even persuade the owner to roll one fresh for you as you watch. The prices are reasonable as well, starting around $7.2012: The prices and location have changed significantly, and the name of the business is now Rich's Cigars, named after the owner/ master cigar craftsman's son, I believe.
5	You've seen the Hong Kong films where the young aspirant travels to the master to be bathed in wisdom? My visit here tonight felt a lot like that--except I'm not very young, and Timothy is not very old.  Timothy Torres, a Cuban immigrant, comes from a family that has been making cigars for generations. I walked into the store to find him alone, watching Telemundo. He greeted me warmly, recommended one of his cigars (with tobacco that is "merely" 12 years old) and we sat down on one of his comfortable couches; where he proceeded to give me a long talk on his philosophy, which, simply put, boils down to quality over quantity, and art over commerce. I was fortunate enough to be there when another customer came in and requested that a special cigar be made for him. Timothy went to work, and I was privileged to witness old-school cigar making in action. This is an experience I will always remember. The 12 year old I sampled was the best cigar I have ever had--including the genuine Cubans I have smoked while abroad. What a treasure we have so close, right in downtown Mesa. The shop itself is simple, yet comfortable--big couches, a television, and a free club that allows you to bring in limited amounts of beer or wine. The prices are very reasonable indeed for what you are getting--no Swisher Sweets here, mind you, in fact, no Padrons, no Montecristos or anything else beside his own creations.Anyone who thinks of himself as a cigar aficionado owes it to himself to drive immediately to Torres Cigar Factory to experience this first hand. Wonderful!
5	Since this review I have tried his 25 year old Churchill. Now that is the best cigar I have ever smoked.
5	Plan to spend a couple hours here learning about cigars and their art first, then enjoying one of the fantastic creations. Everything in the shop is hand rolled right there. You can choose from tobaccos aged between 12 and 100 years (yes I said one hundred). Tim Torres is a master at his craft and a great host. Bring your own drinks if you want.
4	I stopped in to just talk with the owner and had a great time learning from him and picking his brain.  I did not buy any cigars since I'm new to the cigar game and wouldn't appreciate the finer points in a quality cigar.    The cigars he makes are made from 15-40 year old leaves and he prices them at $1/yr.  Yes they are pricey.  But, how many people can buy a cigar and be able to point out the guy that made it?  most cigars don't use tobacco aged that much either.  He let me smell the cigars that used the 15, 20, 25, and 30 year old tobacco and it was completely different than the $10 cigars from a regular shop.  They smelled amazing. He is moving to Scottsdale at the end of the month.  Scottsdale rd and Camelback are the cross streets.  My hunch is that is better location than off the beaten path in downtown Mesa.  Mesa certainly isn't known for it's hopping downtown or its cigar enthusiasts....   Once he moves I am going to try and catch a cigar rolling demonstration.  Super friendly guy. (For some reason Price ranges on tobacco shops isn't by price.  $$=15-30 for restaurants, so it is appropriate for this place since his range is $15-40)
5	He moved to scottsdale now scottsdale road and shoeman ln, its called rich's cigars!
