4	This Kiva Han on Craig Street is a great little coffee shop. That said, I don't drink coffee, but the hot chocolate is good, and the smoothies are fresh made and top notch (I recommend the peach though Marissa prefers the strawberry-banana). They also have food which varies a bit but can provide a light lunch. The atmosphere is great, especially in summer and its a reasonable place to work, very close to Carnegie Mellon.
4	Friendly staff and good fresh food for good prices. Great place for lunch. My 4-star vote is probably a bit influenced by coming from San Francisco and not having as many organic/veg places here in Pittsburgh.. but it's good nonetheless.
2	Why oh why is their coffee so bad? And the food only so-so? They're a great place to work: they have free wireless and plenty of seating and friendly staff. And yet.... every time I optimistically order a sandwich or the granola or a coffee drink, I am sorely disappointed. Something about the flavors--they are too pungent in just about everything I get. Like the tofu sandwich with lime yogurt, or the granola with the super sweet oats. It's just not good. And the coffee is well-known for tasting like dirt, or at least like the bottom of the pot. Meanwhile Starbucks across the street is overflowing with customers, and for a good reason. Anyway, I will stick to the one thing I like, the iced tea, and call it a day.
2	How can I explain my love hate relationship with this place? I think the best way is that we have a need-based agreement of sorts. I need a coffee and I am not always ready to go into Starbucks and here is Kiva Han right across the street. Waiting. I have both shivered through a meal and sweat through a meal at this un-climate controlled cafe. The food is okay. It's filling and I like the hangover cure simply because I like all of my breakfast rolled up into an eggy pouch. Its afforable. Go some where else if you can. it's a decent social spot I have to say- again good location. I wish the owner would take it seriously.
4	Kiva Han makes one of the best chai tea lattes I've had. Really flavorful & not watered-down!
2	If you want atmosphere, it's a great, great, great coffee shop.If you want espresso, food, or fast service, unfortunately, look elsewhere.  Every visit here has had me run into friendly, talkative, awesome people, but I go to a coffee shop wanting coffee, honestly.
3	The coffee is decent and so is the atmosphere. I like the decor of the place and there is definitely some character. Also, you can tell this place supports local events because anyone is pretty much free to post a flyer on the wall. It's hard to find outlets (if any?) so for those equipped w/ electronics and need to work, this may not be the most optimal place. However, if you just need a temporary escape from your campus buildings, kiva han is a great meet up place. There is definitely more seating than the Starbucks across the street (two floors) but the wait at Kiva may just persuade you to take the less decent option at S-bux. The sandwiches and wraps are blah but I will vouch for the chili. I'm sure it's not difficult to fuck up chili, but it tastes realllllly good here.
1	For a coffee shop, they really don't serve very good coffee.  All of the coffee and espresso drinks that I've gotten there have been disappointing - the coffee was lukewarm, there were coffee or espresso grounds in the drink itself, etc.  The service was quite slow the last time I was there, and I was the only person in line.  The few times that I've been, the staff has always had a "holier-than-thou" attitude.  What about, I'm not sure, exactly, but so it goes.
3	Emergency!!!! i need coffee,but not from Starbucks! Where can i go??  Right opposite to Star bucks is Kiva Han.The place which promises good coffee,different types of tea and also good salad and sandwiches.I like their menu and their coffee's are good too. And it is a great place to go sit in during winters.  But when it is not Winter it is a Furnace.It is extremely stuffy and suffocates me every time i go take a seat hoping i don't feel that way. But darn!! it's the same feeling every time.Sorry Kiva i hate your place but i like your menu. Kiva Han To Go!!! :)-smriti
3	This place has a nice atmosphere. Right across the street from a starbucks and to be honest the only reason I went here is because the line at starbucks was really really really long. I had coffee and a bagel. Nothing special. It would get two stars if not for the atmosphere. It's a real coffee shop. People hanging out, flyers posted all over the walls, even down to the surly college student serving coffee. It seems to be a local place for the CMU or UPitt students. Next time I'd probably wait in line at the starbucks.
5	I'm a grad student at Pitt, and I go here all the time. The Granola Works with Yogurt is generously portioned, filling, healthful, and dirt cheap- probably the best lunch under $5 in all of Oakland. For beverages (which I only rarely get), it's not spectacular, but it's worlds better than Pitt's cafe, Cathedral Coffee. The free wifi is also a nice bonus.For 1-3 people grabbing beverages or something light, it's great, but I would not recommend this place for large groups for a meal. But it's a coffee shop, so you should probably know that already.
3	Plenty of seating inside which is nice, and somewhat decent food. I had an Americano here which was fine although the mug it came in was kind of nasty... The place is kind of grungy inside with lots of dust caked on the ceiling fans, abused walls, etc.. Not my favorite place, but it's not bad either.
2	Just like reviewers before me who have the same to say...I desperately WANT to like Kiva Han. In fact, I always attempt to justify their low quality coffee, bitterly awful lattes, and subpar lunch food as "Well, maybe this is just a one time thing?". It's not. It never has been. And today was the last straw.I met a friend for coffee because really what other choice do I have? Starbucks - a corporate overpriced coffee shop? Caribou - running into the same problem? Crazy mocha - if only the one in Oakland was bigger? So we settled for Kiva Han, it has a creative, funky atmosphere and we could sit outside and enjoy the beautiful day. I grabbed their medium roast coffee, not because I wanted to, but because this was their only choice. They usually never have more than one roast *surprise*.To my dismay, the coffee tasted like dirt. This comes as know surprise though, their coffee is always wretched. I've tasted better coffee in a Holiday Inn hotel room. They obviously do not put any care into choosing their beans (if they even use freshly ground).On to their food. I have never ever eaten anything good here. I had a curry wrap once that tasty more like a mouthful of cumin and turmeric, rather than a spicy blend of well paired Indian ingredients. One friend perfectly described the food at Kiva Han "It's like a bunch of hipsters got together and picked ingredients that sounded exotic and cool, even though they taste terrible together!"
4	Another reviewer labeled this as a "real coffee shop" in that they serve real coffee in a welcoming and friendly uniqueness that chain coffee shops (like across the street) don't have.  And while that would have given Kiva Han 3 stars, the extra one is for the food.  The California Wrap with chicken was something I wasn't expecting, wrapped in pita break, toasted pannini-style with sprouts, eggs, avocado.  It was delicious and I'm certainly a fan.In a town that likes to put eggs on everything, this place is a solid A.
4	Nice cafe, solid wi-fi, good food and drinks.  I went there to escape the rain my first day at Carnegie Mellon.  It's a nice short walk from campus and made me feel safe and gave me warm fuzzy feelings about the hippie-vibe on campus (which I was worried about, coming from Santa Cruz).  Luckily, this place made me feel right at home, and a cute guy even sat by me for several hours.  Others have complained here about the visitors to this cafe but I definitely saw a few who were very easy on the eyes..Oh yeah, and the veggie curry was YUMMY.  I just had tea to drink, nothing fancy.  Will go back many times.
4	I stayed in Pittsburgh for two weeks this past June, and this was my go-to hangout.  I agree with other reviewers that it was indeed stuffy and not at all a refuge from the heat, but their americanos were delicious, I was always able to find a good seat, and its location provided good people-watching.  I preferred this place to the location on Forbes and to Caribou.
4	yes ive been known to be here to well.. drink coffee and enjoy a curry wrap or the blue cheese salad. :)sexy baristas as well.
4	Kid friendly, delicious hot chocolate, mosaic covered bar that entertains little ones, what isn't to love?  And right by the museum, so you can hang out waiting for the museum to open.
3	Nice cafe, solid location (right by both Pitt and CMU campuses), consistent wi-fi (sometimes a bit slow), and a nice atmosphere for sitting around all day with that rich coffee smell all over your clothes.The coffee isn't the best, but it's a great place to spend time. If you're looking for delicious coffee and a smiling staff, you'll be severely disappointed--welcome to Pittsburgh. But, regardless, I still love it at Kiva Han.I usually go back about once every other week to enjoy a cheap eat (the macaroni and cheese is caked with cheese and paprika, the wagon wheels are delicious, the penne pasta is just as good). Everything comes out fresh and light, and they call your name with the order--also, the iced tea is by far my favorite unsweetened iced tea in Pittsburgh.It might sound weird, but check out the bathrooms. They're filled with art and writing all over the walls that you'd expect to find in coffee shop bathrooms (but don't happen at the large chains that plague the rest of the Oakland area).Come with a friend or two, read a book, poke fun at some of the artwork, people watch all day.
4	I'll start by saying I don't come here for the coffee. Actually I don't think I've ever enjoyed a cup of the coffee served here but I've had too many tearful conversations in this place that I can't help be a fan. The atmosphere as many have said is great... hodge podge decor galore. Sure it's one of the closest hipster havens around but that just means there are tons of flyers, articles, stickers, and periodicals for you to pick up, many of them informing you of cool events going down in the burgh. What I order comes to a handful of things1. thai tofu salad2. hangover cure3. baked tofu wrap4. iced tea (hell i'd go as far as to say they might have the best iced tea I've ever tried in Pittsburgh)I get these time and time again and they're always excellent. This is my go to place to have catch up or "have coffee" only because I can keep my volume up, stumble upon some friends, and have randos introduce themselves to me all in the same place. fun fun place.
2	The coffee is bad, the service is typically grungy (but in an endearing college student kind of way), the shop is dirty (and sometimes smells like a shoe), and it's always crowded.  So why two stars, instead of one?Well, two reasons, the location and the people.  The location makes it the frequent stop for smokers reading beat gen lit.  The people here are hilarious.  I love to get a cup of coffee, which I don't drink, and just people-watch for an hour.  Because honestly, if you want good coffee, then why are you in oakland?
1	I've been to Kiva Han twice and each time I left disappointed and a little grossed out.  First of all, the baristas were having a personal conversation at the front counter and ended up getting my drink wrong, which I didn't notice until after I had left.  Second, on both occasions the women's bathroom was beyond disgusting.  It's covered with purposeful graffiti which is meant to come across as I'm-trying-to-be-very-hip-and-rebellious but instead comes across as a poor excuse not to keep it clean.  One of the bathroom sink knobs is torn off and coated in I don't know what, the toilet seat is the kind you don't want to sit on so you end up hovering over it, and the front cover on the toilet paper dispenser is torn off which makes me very afraid that the tp (if even there at all) has spent some time on the floor.  To top it all off, the coffee isn't anything to brag about--not terrible but not great either.
3	Nice coffee shop with a great selection of drinks and things to  eat as well.Run by hipster-y people, with a lot of available seating and free wifi as well (useful if you are not from cmu).I really like the white hot chocolate here, but have found the quality to be flaky.. its sometimes really really awesome.. but not always.Not ordered a lot of food from here.. the vegan curry is pretty good.. the macaroni not so much.. they could do with bigger portions here.. would have made this a regular lunch spot if the portions were a little bigger.Definitely a nice place to meet people.. not so much for getting work done by yourself.. I found it a little too cramped and noisy for that..
3	Kiva Han is a coffee shop with a ton of personality, and that alone should be your reason to go there.  There are quirky paintings on the wall, nice furniture, a great little coffee bar, very interesting people, a good selection of food and drinks, and great music at Kiva Han.  It's definitely a coffee shop struggling against the norms set by the larger coffee chains nearby (Starbucks is across the street).  During the summer months it can get quite warm inside, which is multiplied by the number of people that go there with their computers.  Also, the wifi is spotty - I found that it worked better in the attached large room rather than around the bar.  Third, I got a vegan burrito, and man did it suck.  We're talking stale rice, and about nothing else.  The salsa that came with is awful.  Luckily their bagels are fine, but the coffee needs a lot of work.  And for the people working behind the counter: cheer up.
3	Here's the thing:  No one goes to Kiva Han for the coffee.  Frankly, it's not very good.  And their other drinks are just okay.So why would you ever come here?  A few of the top reasons:1. You're morally opposed to Starbucks*.2. You're a hipster wannabe.  Which is closely tied with point 1.3. You're meeting up with someone to have a DTR (Define The Relationship talk).  Everyone knows that DTRs require a drink on hand for casual sipping in-between awkward silences.4. You like playing board games in a coffeeshop.  They provide board games for free (but unfortunately some are missing pieces... those jerk customers!).5. You like studying in a coffeeshop with a cool ambiance... but you're morally opposed to Starbucks.I think that's it.Ah, college life.* What's morally wrong about Starbucks, you may ask?  Their coffee tastes like garbage, that's what!
3	I spent the day at Carnegie library across the street. It was hot in there so I wanted to get someplace cooler and get some food.Not knowing the area, I ended up directly across the street. Lucky for me, there was a table just outside the door available. Though it was 90 or so, there was a pleasant breeze which was so much better than being cooped up in the library. Outdoor seating rocks. I think that was the right choice because inside was just as hot. I dont know if they have air conditioning somehow I don't think so as the doors were wide open. Due to this, I didn't go much further so can't comment.I don't do coffee, so by the other reviews, I'm glad I wasn't wanting that. I'll get the hot chocolate when I'm back in winter.I had seen several customers outside with salads and such. I had the full intention of ordering one as they looked good and the other customers seemed to be enjoying them.Inside looking at the menu, the chicken and other wraps sounded good, then I saw they had a Curry Wrap. I asked what it was and got a simple answer that it was mostly rice and some vegetables lightly curried. By the description, I'm not too uncertain that they don't adjust the veggies for what is available. What I got was delicious.The Curry Wrap was indeed Midwestern Pgh. light in seasoning. For me, it was perfect. The filling was simply rice, seasoning and chic peas. It came with a side of what tasted like apricot jelly. All in all, it was delicious. Oh yea, I had some herbal red bush tea with it....just a common teabag tea with water, but for the medium cup, they had enough sense to put two bags in. Based on this action alone they beat Starbucks hands down.Perhaps they are actually a teahouse? Tea is much better for the body and mind than coffee anyway. Plus if one orders black tea, there is actually more caffeine without having to resort to expresso.
4	Great coffee options. A great place to study (free-WIFI) and on a hot afternoon they have huge fans that you can use to cool down. There's a second floor with lots of seats. The bathroom is very ''decorative'' and even a little scary but was fairly clean.They have food options (I didn't get to try) but I did order an 16 oz. Iced mint/mocha coffee concotion that was around $4.
3	College-y atmosphere and an awesome place for a nice breakfast with a Kerouac coffee house ambiance. I'd place this joint in Burlington VT or in Portland's (OR) Pearl District rather than 30 miles outside Pennsyltucky. Their coffee is great.
2	I've gone to this Kiva Han a few times and am very sad to say that I was really underwhelmed by the overall experience. Let's sit down for story time: The year was 2010. I was in Oakland for the walk for the cure in Schenley Park, and I attempted to stop here for a drink. The shop was pretty empty early on a Sunday morning, but someone was just in front of me when I walked in. They weren't ordering a drink--they were just there to B.S. with their pal who was working. And after 5 minutes (literally, not stretching the truth) of some conspicuous waiting right behind these two, I got the picture that Kiva Han must not want another customer, so I headed across the street to the Starbucks, which is not what I wanted to do. I would much rather give my money to a local shop, but when I have actually had the opportunity to successfully order and receive a drink they simply weren't good.On another occasion I was in the mood for real chai and asked the server what type theirs was (authentic Indian, from a powder mix, from a prepared liquid, etc.) and I was told it was like the authentic Indian chai. What I got was super-sweet and was made from a powder mix that I watched the barista put together. Oh well. I work right by this place and would love to throw my coffee-money at them instead of Starbucks, but I've run out of good-graces to waste on them until they figure out a way to woo me with better products and service.On the positive side, they do have really cute bistro tables outside during the warmer months and it is lovely to sit and have a drink.
4	I love this place. As long as I live in Pittsburgh, I will come back to Kiva Han. Though this is the part where I admit to my extreme bias: My wife and I went on our first date here. My devotion goes beyond that though. The food here is excellent. It's one of my favorite lunch spots in Oakland, and it's especially great for vegetarians like myself. I recommend the chili wrap, curry wrap, or spinach & feta sandwich. For (non brunch) breakfast you just can't beat the hangover cure wrap. Of course, there is one major flaw to this joint. Their brewed coffee actually kind of sucks. Pretty damning for a coffee shop, I know. However! Their espresso is some of the best in Oakland. I generally drink straight up espresso anyway, so it all works out for me. Plus they've got a good selection of tea, if that's your thing.The most important reason why I go to Kiva Han though, is because places like this are good for the city and good for a neighborhood like Oakland in particular. This place is creative and fosters a community of creative people. That's why Kiva Han has stayed open despite the Starbucks across the street. This place is what a coffee shop can and should be, as opposed to the sugar coated, corporate, pseudo-bohemian mothership across the street. I'm holding the fifth star hostage until the coffee improves though.
2	Can someone please point out the reasons why anyone would frequent this place? Definitely not planning to come back. Maybe it was the indifferent yet holier-than-thou barista. Maybe it was the shitty coffee and food. Maybe it was the 3 millimeter thick film of filth covering every surface in the place. In summary: Kiva Han is a dirty hipster dive.
