3	I think I found my friendly neighborhood cheap Chinese restaurant!  (FYI: The sign on the awning says China Star, but the menu says Yen's and they say Yen's when they pick up the phone.  Not sure of the reason for the discrepancy.)The previous tenant of my apartment left the menu lying around, and last night we were desperate for dinner so we decided to check them out.  Two vegetable spring rolls and two entrees cost less than $20 and were ready to pick up in 10 minutes.  (Delivery would have taken 40 minutes even though we live half a mile away.)  My boyfriend picked up the food and said the place seemed very clean.The spring rolls were good and crispy.  The vegetable fried rice had more than the requisite peas and carrots - there were mushrooms, corn, and even zucchini, which I don't think I've ever had in Chinese food but it was pretty good.  The Mongolian beef was not just a pile of beef - there were plenty of onions and green onions to add color and texture.  Portion sizes were more than adequate and we both had leftovers.The best part is the price.  The only entrees over $10 are the ones with seafood.  All of the lunches (with rice and soup) are under $5!  (Except for the ones with shrimp, which are $5.25 - still a good deal if you ask me.)I would definitely recommend Yen's if you live in the neighborhood - it looks shady from the outside but I thought the food was better than Silk Pagoda's.
1	everything was bad.
1	1.5, but I'm rounding down.I ordered some crab rangoons and steamed beef and brocolli from Yen's. I am almost certain that one of the vegetables they steamed was rotten, because I had to spit it back out (it had a horrid sour taste to it). Also, the beef looked and tasted like rubber.... Overall, I was just very dissatisfied with the whole meal. I basically threw it out and for sure will not be ordering from this place again.Some other negatives:- The entire restaurant was empty. Because the restaurant is spacious, it made the emptiness seem that much worse.- There is a sign outside the restaurant that states "$5 for walk-ins"... Ok, what the hell does that even mean? So, if I placed my order on the spot instead of calling in ahead, then does that mean that I would have gotten my meal for only $5? There needs to be some clarification on that! Plus, it made me feel pretty crappy as I paid more than double that for my shoddy (aka. sh*tty meal).
2	My Fiance ordered here late last night because it was the only local place that would deliver. What we sampled: General Tso's Chicken (strange, the sauce tasted weird and it wasn't crispy at all.  We left it untouched and tossed it)Pork Fried Rice (very oily with no vegetables, just a greasy mess only ate two bites before we threw it out)Singapore Mei Fun (one of the best take out versions we ever had)Crab Rangoon (decent, but not crispy)Egg Rolls (decent)Steamed Dumplings (gross)Spare Ribs (another great version)Overall if we needed another late night meal we might order from here again, but probably not.
