3	I remember coming here as a kid and playing in the ball pit, yeah they don't have that anymore because of sanitary issues.  I went here this weekend for my friend's son's third birthday, it is still a great place for kids, but it can get expensive.  There is no avoiding it though; your kids will beg you to come here.  I am not sure if they serve beer here, because I decided to keep it clean in front of mixed company.  It just seemed so much bigger here when I was younger, but I'm 6'3" now and everything seems to shrink.
3	Ok, so I got roped into going for my nephew's 5th birthday party. This place is nothing like I remember it when I was younger. First, it seems so much brighter (lots of lights) than I remember and a lot more open. I don't think they have changed the singing animals at all, though. Still plenty of video games and skeeball to enjoy. When I arrived the party had ordered some pizzas. Those weren't too bad. The kids liked them. Now this was the first time I've been here as an adult and I happy to see they do serve beer. Nothing special, Bud, Bud Light & Coors, but when you are surrounded by screaming 5 year olds, you'll drink anything you can! I was slurping those down faster than Richie Incognito could sling a racial slur. All and all, not a bad place to go for a kids birthday party. A good time was had by all.
3	Chuck e Cheese is going to be Chuck E Cheese. Lots of germs spreading without a doubt but this is the only Chuck e Cheese I would take my kids to in town. It's overprice of course, but it makes the kids happy! We actually love their buffalo wings here and their pizza is ok. The sweet tea is nasty here so don't get it!
2	What can I say the kids love it and wouldn't know the difference if it did suck; in this case it sucked big time! None of the machines seemed to work properly at all. Plus like 80% of the games either ate my coins or did not give me tickets for my kids. I continuously had to call employees to either retrieve my coins or tickets. The games that did give you tickets were cheap as hell. You can't fool me chucky!! BUT THE KIDS!! SHAME ON YOU!! Your lucky to get a 2 out of 5! The best part was the McDonalds across the parking lot.
3	Games are fun and my child enjoys it.  It is HOT and very crowded!  Lots of kids not be supervised.  Also, DO NOT EAT THE FOOD, nasty is a nice word for it!!
5	Best of the best Chuckee's around.   A lot cleaner,  friendlier staff, more games than its counterpart in North Charlotte.  My girls had a ball and enjoyed the variety.  They had appropriate aged game for multiple kids' ages. I think I even saw some grown ups playing games. Counter person was friendly and even spoke to my girls. Nice pleasant touch. You would be surprised how few people do not speak to children when they work at kid themed venue. One wish for improvement would be food service level. We just ordered pizza and cheese bread. It took awhile to get it. Great time for kids to play, but not so much  for parents who were starving.  Overall, nice outing in a nice area of town. Great Friday evening activity.
