5	This is the second time that I've come to this Maaco. They did a really good job on a scraped side fender that I had on my old car. This time I came to get some parts painted on my car that are silver (I wanted them flat black) . They told me that they could paint them, but because it's plastic that the paint would probably flake off. So instead of taking me for almost 600 dollars they told me the truth. They also said if I ordered the parts that they would put them on for me. Very very honest and truly nice guys!
5	Awesome paint job, awesome price. My car looks brand new! I can't recommend these guys highly enough!!! Outstanding work and service. I will be a lifetime customer. Thank you maaco, from both my car and I!
3	Decent job, got rid of my chipped paint on my car's hood that was an eyesore!   Apparently, the previous cheapo paint job of the hood gave out in the strong Phoenix sun.  As soon as I moved here, the paint started chipping.  It kept getting worse and worse!  So ladies and gentlemen, the days of $99 paint jobs at Maaco are long gone.  I had a coupon for the polyurethane paint for $199, however those coupons do not cover all the other "additives".   Overall, they worked within my budget to get my hood painted over.  It looks good.  My "blueberry" looked shiny and new.  A year and 3 months later and the paint job is still holding up.  Hopefully, this lasts thru the next few years of hot Phoenix sun.
1	I had an 03 Camry that needed to be repainted. AZ heat wore most of the paint off the roof. I thought maybe I should try a different color just to change things up. Went to the local Maaco, and they told me they would do it for a little less than 800 for the paint job. Picked the color I wanted and left the car there for 3 days. Came back to find the wrong paint job on the car. They tell me it was they're mistake, and they'll fix it but I should consider sticking with the color because it was the original color and would retain the cars value. That wasn't necessarily true but I kept the car anyway because I couldn't leave the car there for another week. Came back with a different car for Hail Damage repair. Asked them if they would give me a decent discount because i'm a return customer, they say they cant do anything for me. I mention the fact that they messed up my previous job, still nothing. They refused to even go down $50 on a $2000 job! I go to the chandler Maaco and they do the job for $200 less.
