1	The first time I went there after it switched from Exxon, an attendant came running out to pump my gas for me. I checked to see if I accidently pulled into the Full Service island (do those even exist anymore?) I hadn't, but the guy pumped my gas and cleaned my windshield just the same. Wow! Great service or so I thought. I gave the guy a $2 tip (All I had on me at the time). He just looked at it, then looked at me with a disgusted look like I was supposed to kiss his feet and give him a $20 because he actually did his job. I guess the tips weren't adding up because these days, they don't even acknowledge you anymore. There are never any squeegees to clean your window, either. I guess they're afraid that someone might steal their precious $2.63 "assets"This gas station is the only one for a few blocks around, and boy do they take full advantage of that fact! They are regularly $0.05 to $0.10 higher than even the rip-off Chevron or Shell stations on Chaparral. Anymore, I just use this station when I'm afraid I won't make it to another one. Just to annoy them and cost them money in credit card charges, I only ever put 1 gallon in. If you drive just a couple of miles south on Hayden, you can find gas for as much as $0.40 cheaper (Circle K usually)!  I'll go way out of my way to patronize a company that doesn't try to gouge it's customers. Taylor gas is not one of them tho.
5	this is the best gas station repair shop period. only one word comes to mind:  honest
5	These guys rock! My car happened to die a few blocks from their shop, so they were only mechanic within walking distance. What a happy accident--they serviced my vehicle and had me back on schedule in no time (and with no BS). It's rare to walk away from car service without feeling abused.
5	These guys do indeed rock. I had a similar breakdown a few blocks away last summer and I walked to their shop and the guy on duty drove me back and jumped my car and would not take a dime from me. I went back the next week and they did a ac service and put a new battery in and the AC was cold as ice. Sold that car shortly after (Mercedes 300CE) and had the dealer do the service on it but my girlfriend's 93 Chrysler Imperial needed some work and a new battery so I took it to them and again they simply did a great job, priced below my anticipation and just plain old nice folks!
5	This place is fabulous!  I just moved into this neighborhood and needed a gas jug to put gas in my old VW, so I could start it up (had not run in 5 months).  They let me borrow it for free and also offered to help if I had problems!  The shop always seems to be busy, which speaks to their great and honest customer service.  I have also noticed that their gas prices always seem to be at least 5 cents lower than any other station in the area.  The men in the shop are always very pleasant too.  This looks like my new go-to car maintenance shop!
5	I have gotten some really good service from this place.  I bought a battery from them and they really tried hard to make sure that I got a pro-rated discount if I qualified for one.  I've also gotten my oil changed there many times and they have been honest about anything that is wrong with the car, not like other places that try to convince you to do a lot of work on your car.  The care has always been in good shape after coming back from the shop too.  The workers are friendly and professional.
5	I take my car here for car repairs on a regular basis.  Donny is extremely knowledgeable, and Brian always offers options for needed repairs to stay within my budget.  They are efficient and hard working, and I have always been happy with my car after it has been serviced.  I will continue to frequent this station.
5	My wife just lost her job. So, the last thing we need is an expensive car repair to put us further in the hole. I took the kids to swim practice last week and returned to discover a river flowing from under the hood of our older Taurus. As the family daily driver, it is indispensable. I had it towed(hat tip to AAA) to Taylor's as they are right down the street from our home and had done work on the vehicle once before. By noon the next day, the diagnosis was in; a cracked radiator. Oy! I could almost see the dollar signs flying away.Brian took the time to listen as I explained our situation and our dependence on the car. He found every possible way of reducing the cost of the repair to get us on our way without compromising quality and without breaking the bank. Wow! You sure don't see that every day. I called another local repair shop just to see what they would charge and they wanted over $125 more. Taylor's just earned themselves a very loyal customer. Thank you, Brian!
5	My wife just lost her job. So, the last thing we need is an expensive car repair to put us further in the hole.I took the kids to swim practice last week and returned to discover a river flowing from under the hood of our older Taurus. As the family daily driver, it is indispensable. I had it towed(hat tip to AAA) to Taylor's as they are right down the street from our home and had done work on the vehicle once before. By noon the next day, the diagnosis was in; a cracked radiator. Oy! I could almost see the dollar signs flying away.Brian took the time to listen as I explained our situation and our dependence on the car. He found every possible way of reducing the cost of the repair to get us on our way without compromising quality and without breaking the bank. Wow! You sure don't see that every day. I called another local repair shop just to see what they would charge and they wanted over $125 more.Taylor's just earned themselves a very loyal customer. Thank you, Brian!
5	Taylor's is my go-to for all car repairs for now on.I live in the neighborhood but used to go to Firestone for routine work like oil changes but after they somehow damaged the cap on a recent change, I decided Taylor is the only option. Their costs are very competitive anyway.Brian is extremely fair and honest. His staff are polite and the place is clean. It's a great shop and we're lucky they are here.I rarely buy gas here as it's quite high but in a pinch I do buy from them.
5	Way better than Bridwell on the other side of town.
1	Every time I've required a repair from this place it ends up coming back. And the manager (I think his name is Brad) has the balls to tell me that it must be my fault. If they repaired things right the first time I wouldn't be so pissed off. I would avoid this place with a passion. Their own saving grace is head mech. Donny who is knowledgable and friendly.
4	Since moving to Scottsdale this has become my repair shop of choice.  It has so far been below other repair shop quotes.  They have also been very helpful in always getting me in for an appointment quickly and have always been able to do repairs the same day, even when they are extremely busy. The only downside is the gas prices are a little bit higher than the surrounding area.
1	Really not impressed with the staff here. We have come her for years to get propane, and the other day my tire was flat. I went in to get change for the machine (all the mechanics were standing around doing nothing) and NOT ONE offered to help. I am normally not a helpless woman. But let me add...I have a broken ankle. So much for SERVICE at Taylor's
5	I just got my car back from Taylor's, and even though this is the first time I have used them, it most certainly will not be the last.  I had my car towed here after the starter went out, and not only did they replace the starter and give me a warranty on it, plus roadside assistance, they fixed my oil leak as well as an electrical problem with a temperature sensor all for the price of what a dealership quoted me on the sensor alone.  Brian even was able to get all of this done for me in less than three hours so that I wouldn't have to get a rental car while it was being repaired, as most shops would have likely kept the car for much longer than an afternoon.  I am very pleased with the experience I had here and would recommend Taylor's to anyone needing an honest and fast repair.
1	They overcharge. Often have to return for redo. The manager is very rude. I will never go back.
4	AUTO SHOP:A solid mom-n-pop repair shop with average pricing (compared to my previous shop and a few others) and great results.  My husband and I have used them for oil changes, brake jobs, and other similar repairs.  We've always been happy with the outcome.  A little while after having my brakes done there, they were squeaking quite a bit.  When I went back for an oil change, I asked them to take a look.  Now the brakes utterly silent.  It's almost scary - I only know I'm pressing them because the car stops :-)  This place works best if you live in the area or have a ride.  The place itself is just-the-basics small.  They have a garage with a gas station and a tiny convenience store.  There are only a couple parking spaces and no waiting area, so no place to hang out while the work is being done.  The staff is a little gruff, but nice, and they're honest mechanics - glad to live nearby! GASOLINE:We live down the street, so we fill up here occasionally, but it's more expensive than most stations in the area.  All of the pumps and machines are never down and it's super easy to get in and out of the lot, though.
3	Sad to say I'll have to bump this shop down by a star.  I had an issue with some work they did (my brakes squeaked horribly after they worked on them), so I brought my car back and they were perfectly willing to fix them up.  For a week or so, the brakes were utterly silent - and then they went right back to squealing just like before.  I wasn't willing to go back a third time.  I just won't use them for anything but gas from now on - especially since they are just a little too gruff to be called polite, and there's no waiting area of any kind.
2	I spent the past 4 years going to Taylor's. The service was great, prices were reasonable and I felt that they were more than honest with me. My mother is elderly and the service manager, Bryan, went out of his way to drive her home while her car was being repaired. Much to my disappointment, I found out that Bryan has moved on. I won't be returning, unless someone comes to their senses and brings back the service manager.
2	So I used to love this place when Brian worked there.  I heard he went to another shop somewhere in Tempe, but no one at Taylors would say exactly where.  I've recently moved to Tempe and my mom asked them where Brian went because it would be closer to me now.  They still wouldn't tell her.  I took my car in for an oil change.  When Brian worked there, he would check out the whole car and let me know other issues I should know about.  He also knew to use synthetic oil without my having to say anything.  Not anymore.  They used non-synthetic oil.  The kid behind the counter basically said it's my fault fornot clarifying.  So much for the customer is always right.  I'm pretty sure they didn't check out the rest of the car either.  I wish I knew where Brian went.  Most honest hard working guy ever.  I don't think I'll be going out of my way to come back to Taylors.  Why they let Brian go is a mystery.
