5	Simply outstanding. If you enjoy good beer then this is a must stop on your next beer tour. The flavor profiles, their attention to craft, and their passion for brewing will certainly set the new bar for brewing in Arizona.
5	Some friends and I had driven past this brewery several times, wondering when it would finally open. On a whim, last night we called and found out they had been open for just over a week so we decided to stop in. We stayed for about 2 hours and had such a great time talking to the owner and brewmaster, Rob.Just to set it straight, this is a brewery first and foremost. There is ample seating throughout the open design, including some luxurious and not-yet-beer-stained couches and enough room for about a dozen beer lovers to belly-up. Since they have only been open for 10 days at this point, it was disappointingly not packed out at all. I realize that Four Peaks is just down the road, but that place is usually over crowded to the point one might think some patrons would wander this way to check out Sleepy Dog.Each of us started off with a flight of their 5 currents beers. The samples were a nice size and it only cost $3 per flight. That's amazing to me! These were the beer types: Pilsner, Hefe, Pale, Irish Ale and a Scottish Ale. They were all very good for their respective beer types. As my buddies both agreed on the Hefe for their ensuing pints, I favored the Scottish Ale. While we sipped on our brews, the bartender, Jen, prepared our nachos and hotdogs and made sure we did not run out of our beverages. Rob, graciously unfolded the story behind the Sleepy Dog name (sorry, you'll have to go to find out for yourself) and how he started brewing in his home until he became serious about it and went to school, as well as travelled abroad and throughout the states, picking up experience and touring breweries.From the bar, it is wide open into the brewery itself, so you can see where your beer came from. Rob mentioned that on Sundays they are giving tours of the facility, will have beer specials and throughout football season he will have many of the games on. He saved no expense on the flat screens...they're very nice. And because they are a microbrewery and not a brewpub, he encourages people to bring their own food if they like. Their short menu is just enough for someone who is really hungry or just wants nachos and/or a hotdog. Very soon we should also begin to see other brewerys' beers on tap as well as a cold box with bottles or cans of other varieties.The beer was delicious-bottom line. I believe they're cooking up an IPA as well as another type, that should be ready in a couple weeks. Sleepy Dog Brewing provides their beer to many restaurants and other brewpubs around the Phoenix area. Although, it is not your typical growler, they do provide a unique receptacle for taking beer to go and they sell kegs, with a very modestly priced deposit.I hope to see twice as many people in here next time I go, which will be soon. And I hope that people really get behind this local microbrewery. I know we are. Cheers.
4	Great view of the brewing equipment as you walk in - this is a true brewery that happens to have seating & televisions at the front entrance.  It has both a clean & upscale feel along with being in a "warehouse" type place where all the beers are made.  All of the beers were fresh and had a rather light & clean taste.  The pale lager seems to be suited for the Miller crowd, but for those who appreciate craft beer the other offerings are worth seeking out.  Hefe-weizen has a good banana component, Scottish has a pleasant toffee-caramel sweetness, and the pale ale is modestly hopped and very approachable.Staff was pleasant and the prices were reasonable for Tempe.  Multiple hi-resolution TV's are placed throughout the area for games and such.  Glad to see another brewery in Tempe again and I hope some of their beers will reach a pub near me in Glendale.
5	Ok so I'm like a huge beer guy and for the longest time have been disappointed that arizona has no real amazing breweries. That was true until I took my good friend from England in and sampled some of there exceptional beers. I had their "Scottie" which is hands down the best Scottish ale ever , then moved on to the "Rottie" which is one of the best Milk Stouts you could ever drink. I highly recommend to anyone living in the state or visiting to check them out.My friend from England had the IPA and the Red which he absolutely loved then he had to have a scottish after hearing me go one over it!!!DONT MISS THIS PLACE IF YOU LOVE BEER!!!!!
4	Made a recent trip here and was very impressed by the changes they've made. The atmosphere is still great, they have board games now, which I don't remember before. They expanded their beer menu, carry wine, guest taps, and it seems like the beers are just better overall now. They even offer a few more food options now. A lot of great changes indeed and the service was great. I'll definitely try to make a trip out here more often now.
5	This place is awesome and I am so glad they are here!  Had the Scottish - malty, caramely, perfect carbonation.  The milk stout my husband had was pretty wicked - nice heaviness, hints of chocolate.  Got a taste of the barley wine, which was also pretty great and will be outstanding with aging.  Wish I wasn't so full from dinner and kind of a lightweight, but I look forward to trying the IPA and pumpkin hefe next time. Great atmosphere too - perfect for watching some futbol or the winter Olympics (showing their great sense of humor, they had Shaun of the Dead playing when I visited).  Like the dog theme.  Friendly bar, some nice couches, no loud music, wifi, perfect for hanging out.  Oh, and you can bring in your own food. And to top it all off Rob the owner, and his assistant Sue  Ellen were great company,  Enthusiastic about brewing and the city, and intelligent with other interests they were happy to chat about.  I wish this place all the best, and I for sure will do my part to try and bring them success!
3	Me and a friend enjoyed a flight of the on site brewed beer while watching the owner clean the tanks, prepping them for the next batch. This place offers a really fun experience, the bar faces the brewery, and when they aren't too busy the owner and employees happily mingle with those of us not lucky enough to brew and sample beer for a living. If you want to eat, you will have to order in (they don't mind if you bring food in) although I think they occasionally have hot dogs, and they put out bowls of a pretzel sort of mix. They offer several good beers, their light American Lager is probably the most refined tasting local brew I have had and would be super good on a hot summer day, although lacking in character for most occasions. My current favorite would have to be the Pumpkin Pooch: their seasonal Hefe with a very subtle pumpkin flavor. I plan to return when not on my motorized two wheeler and give the Barley Wine a go. I currently have a couple beefs with Sleepy Dog: I think there is room for another brewery in town, so when one of your beers is compared to a "competitors" there's no need to get offended, especially if we like theirs too! Also, maybe it is my midwestern bias, but a real bar needs beer nuts.
4	The beer is pretty F*&%ing amazing. The space is eeh.I struggled with the rating for this place as the beer is really great, as is the service.........but the space just doesn't match the brewery, sleepy dog title.  Although the brewery is on site, It just seems to be too contemporary, not a place I can imagine a sleepy dog cozying up.But back to the beer. Its amazing. I tried the puppy ale and the irish setter. Joy in a pint.  Hoppy, Hoppy Hoppy in my belly.The server was informative and personable....but not in that overly friendly annoying way.  I plan on giving this place several chances in the future.......i hope it grows into it's space, cause the beer is amazing.
4	My husband loves good beer.  I like to make my husband happy and try new places.  So here we were in the late afternoon on Friday.  First off, I LOVE this space!  It's open with lots of natural light, high top tables and couches.  When I hear that everyone wants to go to a brewery, I think dark space and sports and lots granola men.  No here!  There are several big screens, and we watched Cash Cab and then Step Brothers - much better than sports in this girls opinion!  The service was great too and I loved the little bowl of snacks and the fact that you're encouraged to bring food in if you'd like.  The boys loved the sampler and finished the evening with the Mead....so I had some happy boys!  Oh!  And I liked the Yellow #1....but I'm no beer expert.  I will definitely vote to come back here and bring some pizza too!
5	Yelp helped me find this amazing place tonight. I just got home and really enjoyed their beers so it may not be my most coherent review.This is a true brewery whose main focus is quality beer and a really great atmosphere.My friend got the sampler ( a great value at $5)  and I started off the the pumpkin hefe that was on special.  We were both quite impressed with the flavors and quality of the beer. I was very happy to find a place that had music at a level that allowed me to converse with my friends. There was a great movie playing on the many quality LCD TVs with sub titles on. There are tables and couches, There is a popcorn machine with free popcorn and great seasoning. I really love popcorn and this was a real plus. The interior has has a great decor with many metallic surfaces with one of the coolest looking bathrooms I have seen in some time. Another neat note about this place is that they are BYOF, Bring your own food. The table next to us had a PIZZA DELIVERED to their table from a local pizzeria.  They have a very limited menu (hot dog with a topping or nachos)  And there is some free UTZ pub mix. Come here for the beer and the surroundings not for the food. I also tried their Milk stout (named for the lactose added for the yeast to eat) and a standard pale ale. Each beer was great, the pale ale was just right and not too hoppy like most pale ales that try to be IPAs.There are even board games for those who wish to challenge their friend over their beer.The only cons about this place is, it closes at 10 (I never wanted to leave) and I wish it was closer to my house. I will be going back soon, and I recommend you go there right now assuming its between 11am and 10pm
4	Before I start let me say I don't drink beer. I went with a group so my review might be useless to you beer fans. Does it help that those in my group seemed to love it? Comfortable seating? Yes. Regular tables, high-tops, and couch seating.Clean bathrooms? Yes. Soft drinks for non-beer drinkers? Yes, and mead. Who has mead?Food? Hmmm, microwave hot dogs and nachos. But there's a popcorn machine in the corner plus they encourage you to have food delivered and even have a variety of menus available.Service? Great.Parking? PLENTY, which is what this place has BIG TIME over Four Peaks.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place.  I'm a bit of a beer snob, and I can honestly say that every beer they brew here is fantastic (I don't think I can say that about the other breweries in the state).  No matter what style of beer suits you, you'll find it here.  I've been partial to their pale and their stout, and when the pumpkin hefeweizen was in season, it was out of this world.  I highly suggest getting a sampler - not only the best beer sampler value in town, but you'll get to experience all of the beer greatness.In the quaint seating area, there are plenty of TVs, and the fun part is that they are not only playing sports - they'll show movies with sound for all to enjoy.  Despite the lack of a kitchen, they've got a wide array of delivery menus for you to peruse and order some food to be delivered to the place, or you can just bring some food in with you.  I've watched a couple of playoff games here, and enjoying some great beer while throwing down some delivery pizza is a great experience. The staff is friendly and attentive, they've got a variety of flavored toppings for the popcorn machine, and a few games available to play while there.  This has now become my new favorite bar.
5	I came prepared this time, I brought my Cornish pastys, connect four and my Breathalyzer. Just like last time the services was great and the beer was AMAZING. My friends and I did our best to help finish off their pumpkin hefewisen. The spice note on this pumpkin is just right; it is there for the sip with no strong clove bite aftertaste like the one one would except with the hefewisen. We liked it so much we even took a 4-pack home.I also tried the milk stout, the milk referrers to the lactose sugar that the yeast eats. It had a nice flavor note without being too sharp as some stouts can be.As usual, the free popcorn was great as was the ambiance.  I will be back this Tuesday.
3	I guess there is something wrong with me because I really didn't think their beer was all that great.  They have the typical brews that all the other little breweries make and nothing really stood out from the crowd to me.  I went there last night at about 7ish with a group of  5 people.  Sleepy Dog should give fellow Yelper Evan B. some sort of reward because he is absolutely in love with this place and has brought about 15 new people here so far.  There were like 4 other people enjoying some beer and that was about it so it was pretty quiet.  The place is very clean and had pretty unique decor as far as breweries go (well lit, not too loud, etc.).  In front there are about a 6ish tables, a couch, a machine that makes free popcorn, and some TVs up on the walls.  In the back is where the brewing happens.  That pretty much sums up the place.The service was excellent and so were the prices.  Our waitress was fast, friendly and helpful.  Their sampler is probably the best I've had in a while.  You get 8 good sized samples for under $6 which is a great deal.  Between that and our table's 8 pumpkin beers, the total bill was $30.
2	So I will not say I am beer snob, but I do enjoy a well crafted beer. After 3 years of living in new england and being spoiled by all the micro breweries and sam adams, I am a little more critical. It is true I will no longer even touch some beers that in college would have been preferred. So enough said....My Husband and I were encouraged to try this new brewery out. It is near university and price. In a newer shopping center, which we missed on arrival. I was expecting a papago brewery/four peaks atomsphere, totally the opposite. Not saying that it a bad thing, but defiently the brightest and cleaniest brewery I have been too.So we got there about 7:15 pm on a Tuesday, not too crowded, the way I like it.  We shared the sampler. I am not going to type out my review of each beer. On average they looked like beer but tasted like water with some hops and carbonation. Nothing special. No session beer to recommend. I guess if I had to choose one, it would be the IPA. It was ok for an IPA, but if I had to drink something I would choose that. Though the brewery def has potential. I do like the idea of bringing your own food. That is a great draw. Also keeps overhead low. Genius if you ask me. It has gives them time to work on getting the beer to taste better and not the food.Will I be back? If papago, taste of tops, and four peaks runs out of beer, for sure I will be there ;)
4	Great little spot.  Beer is high quality.  The staff very friendly and they provided very personal service.I got a chance to chat with the owner for 30 minutes or so.  What a nice guy.Beware...they only offer a few food items (hot dogs and ball park nachos.)  This is not a dinner spot...it is a drinking spot.Gotta love the Ridgeback IPA.  A whopping 10% and a mouthful of hops in every sip.  You gotta go check it out.
2	I've been here a couple of times, hopeing that they would get past their newly opened problems but alas they still have the same stupid willie wonka movie playing and are still serving lousy hot dogs. The beer is ok most of the time. The 'attitude' of the bartenders is what really turns me off though. Lighten up, so you hate your job. Don't take it out on the customer.
4	We loved the beer! (Irish Red and the Ridge Back)  It was a bummer they had such a limited menu, we ended up with nacho cheese and chili nachos with jalapenos and a hot dog.  On the upside they do allow you to bring in your own food.  The service was fantastic.
4	I'm a big fan of microbrews, so I loved this little spot. It was really easy to miss the place at night though, as the sign is very small!While the food menu is not very expansive (just hot dogs/nachos/etc.), they did allow us to order food from another restaurant, and even provided pizza menus for us.I also helped finish off the amazing pumpkin hefeweizen.  Last fall, I was on a quest to find the perfect pumpkin ale. Dogfish Head was in the lead, but I might have to reconsider if I get a chance to compare again.
5	Sleepy Dog Saloon & Brewery may have the best atmosphere of any brewery around. It's really cool that you can bring your own food - especially with Spinato's around the corner and the Cornish Pasty Co. down the road. Talk about ready-made beer-drinkin' food! But how's the beer? It's pretty darn good. The recipes seem to skew a bit malty rather than hoppy, so your opinion may vary depending on what you like in a beer. The Scottie is my ... well, I was going to say pick of the litter, but someone probably already beat me to it in a previous review. Kind of a bitch to get into this late. I think we'll see some evolution as the staff experiment a bit more, and it'll be interesting to see if they come up with some wild recipes and maybe even a cask-conditioned ale.The staff is super-friendly, which makes it fun to hang out while having a few rounds and playing a game of Farkle to the death. In a way, it's practically a brewery with a coffeehouse feel. I honestly think there is better beer around - like at Sun Up in Phoenix. But I think the beer here is still high-quality, and the very pleasant vibe make it worthy of five stars.
5	MENUGuess What?  No real food here- just hot dogs, nachos and a couple other things.  Think Taste of Top's model.  But, the perk compared to Top's is that they allow you to bring in or order anything, not just businesses in their complex (I don't think there are any that serve food anyway).  They keep a nice little collection of take-out menus compiled in books behind the bar and the tables have ample room for eating.  Fun, cheap way to do things actually- no need to tip!  They give you pub mix on the tables too.  THE BEERA good variety of flavors, all representative of their type but I would echo a friend's comment that everything was "What you expect with a little less flavor."  Some people dig the ability to drink more because of a lack of overwhelming tastes but I do wish that, for instance, their IPA had a higher alcohol content and more punch.  I've been drinking a lot of bold beers lately though, so I may just be expecting too much by comparison.  But, their beers are all named after dogs which is pretty freakin' cute.  CLEANLINESS/OVERALL QUALITYBrand new, spotless, modern, spic & span.  SERVICEThe servers are all really friendly and quick, probably due to the fact that they seem to have some trouble keeping busy.   ATMOSPHEREAdorable.  This is why I like to drink here.  They have booths covered in puppy dog print fabric that made me fall in love.  It's very open and industrial in a good way, with lots of bright, happy colors everywhere..  The bathroom is really modern and funky and has a walk-in-freezer door handle to exit.  Awesome details.  They have jazz there on Tuesday nights and board game nights (I think on Monday- I haven't been to one but a friend vouched for it).  They also have the board games out the rest of the time so you can play whenever you want.  They have a huge collection of tv's too and often play fun cult classics.  ADDITION- I forgot to mention- I did data entry here for hours and they played a great collection of music.  This is super important to me in any venue and they get 5 stars just for that!I hope this place catches on enough to do good business but not enough to get so crowded I can't get one of my puppy dog booths!
4	So the pumpkin hefe is gone,  but the Scottie did go well with the Haji baba falafel i brought.  The popcorn is still great, but the ranch seasoning is gone.The place is open later (12pm on fri  and sat), but it is becoming more popular so I did not get "my table."I would like to see some specials or a happy hr to get the 5 stars back from me.  Also the barely wine could have been better / stronger for the  price.Overall still a awesome, chill, unique place where you can eat what you want to bring, chat with friends with out loud music, and have enough light to play board games if you desire.
4	I love beer, I love places that have good beer, I love places with beer people, and I love making lists. Sleepy Dog is not for food, it's for beer. The house beers are very good, particularly the Scottie (a hoppier and less sweet than usual Scottish Ale going at 8.4% ABV) and their Ridgeback, a Double/Imperial IPA (10% ABV) is an excellent example of an often tried, but rarely done well style of beer. They also have 2-4 taps dedicated to quality guest beers. The service is top notch -- friendly, informative (great for recommending beers and places to get them), and if you are nice and become a regular, they may even play the movie of your choice. Yes, I said movie. They have a large, shiny, new space with a good setup of TVs and, at least on the weekends, it's movie time. If you love Fargo, Old School, maybe even a Clockwork Orange, well you are in luck. And I don't mean movie in the background, I mean full sound. Sure, it may suck if you want to watch a game, but how often do you get to drink a great beer and watch someone shove a leg in a wood chipper? (Please tell me not often). On Sunday's it's The Simpsons. One of my favorite places in Edinburgh shows The Simpsons on Sundays, so I was won over with that final touch...or it may have been the third Imperial IPA. If you need food, they have a book of places that deliver and they do offer hot dogs and popcorn.
3	Hey you! , Kid behind the bar! , All knowing beer douche!  You sir, are an asshole...Where do I begin.I know it's difficult to take a review seriously when it starts off so, ahem, 'personal'  but please stay with me. Now, I admittedly know very little about beer. (I have a feeling that may have been the issue). There was a time when I knew very little about wine, or a high quality cut of meat, or turning over in my crib without assistance for that matter... but I digress.That said, I happen to have a PhD in Douchebag. It can take years and years of study (as in my case) to acquire such an extensive education. Or, you can just pop into Sleepy Dog, have a two second conversation with the not so friendly beer god behind the counter, and earn your Honorary. A couple of questions: Why would you advertise something on Sunday, that isn't available until Tuesday.  ? Why would you be a snarky little prickface and act as though we're idiots for trying to order it.  ?  It's YOUR advertising. I was on a cloud before we came in here and you opened your mouth. Thanks for making me get all bitchified. I reallllly do not like you.Moving on, the space is cool. Clean, bright and open; not what I was expecting. 1 starDogma (with sound) on the TV. 1 starCold tasty beer that I know nothing about. 1 starMy company. 5 stars. Fortunately I get to take him with me when I leave, so you don't get to keep any of those Sleepy Dog. 3 stars it is...
3	If you don't like beer this is not a great place to get drunk, unless we're talking about getting a sugar high from the root beer....I was meeting up with some friends here and didn't know that the only beverages were different kinds of beer.  Seeing as how I don't like beer, that kind of sucked.  I must say the root beer is pretty tasty though!  As a side note though, they do offer a sampler of the 8 beers that they brew in house for only $6.50 and they're decent sized glasses too.  My husband really enjoyed that.Also you probably shouldn't come here if you're hungry.  They stop serving "food" after 7:00 (their food menu consists of either a hot dog or nachos).  They have a folder of menus from other restaurants that supposedly deliver; however, the majority of them close around 10:00 and the one that was open later "tries to limit their deliveries to one a night and your establishment has already been delivered to."  Better be content with trail mix or popcorn from the machine that they oddly have in a corner.The service was good, the girl was friendly but not overly so.  Basically the whole experience was average.  I didn't leave hating the place but I didn't leave counting down the hours until I went back.
4	I'm bumping my former review up to 4 stars because of the owner comment below. It shows a great deal of class, something my reviews often lack, (though I make no apologies for that...I don't pull punches and I value honesty over false refinement or 'charm') to address the aforementioned issues I had with Sleepy Dog that kept my original review from being 4 stars in the first place. I will definitely be back. I look forward to learning a bit more and enjoying a positive experience.*just found out they offer some AZ wines as well.....I'm officially reformed
5	Great brewery!  They have at least 8 of their own beers on tap and some really good guest beers as well, about 20 +.  FYI: They don't serve any food other than popcorn and snack mix.But, they allow you to have food delivered or to bring your own food in to the brewery.I find that it is better and less expensive to bring my own food in (In-N-Out, Papa Johns, Thai-Rama, etc).
2	It's a cool little unique place. My friends and I met there for a happy hour, but that's really all Sleepy Dog is good for. It's in a really bad spot for the type of bar it is. Sleepy Dog is a coffee shop version of a Microbrewery. It only deals in its beers. It has short hours, and it's only the type of place that you you'd stop in before you start your night, but it doesn't serve food (they do have complimentary popcorn and pretzel bowls, and people are welcomed to order food from other nearby businesses) and you have to drive on to get to another place (just what you need after drinking). The sign is also really small and hard to see from the street (a usually busy University Drive). My girlfriend and I decided to split a sampler. It had seven or eight of Sleepy Dog's beers. A few of them were alright, but the lighter beers were way too light, and most of the dark beers were low on flavor. There were a lot more options to choose from, but I would assume what's on the sampler should be the best stuff, which made us unenthused to try the rest. I would stop back at Sleepy Dog if someone wants to have a another happy hour there. But I would never go out of my way to head back there.
4	SDB is pretty solid. They have a good crew over their that really know their shit when it comes to good beer. These guys are not afraid to push the envelope a little. Their not afraid to make a BIG beer or something a little out of the ordinary. With their small batch releases, you know you're going to see or hear about something different each time you come in. Try their sampler. I was fortunate enough to be at their VIP event right before they opened. It's pretty cool to get a walk through of a brewery before it goes live! Only  2 complaints and I'm sure they get this a lot. 1. No food! If you want food while you're there you have to bring it in or order delivery. There are options, but it would be a lot cooler if you could just order up some apps at the bar.2. They dont fill growlers!!!! Come on! You're a brewery! Fill my damn growler!Other than those two minor gripes, they're good. They make beer. good beer! Go get a pint...or 3.
4	What a great find this was.  Sleepy Dog just opened around the beginning of 2010.  They do what they know; they don't serve food, just beer, and the beers are very good.  The IPA, milk stout, and Scottish ale all stood out for me.  If you go during happy hour, the pints are $1 off, which makes the stout only $3/pint; that's hard to beat for a good microbrew stout. It's a great place to hang out.  They have various seating arrangements inside, including couches.  It's a very comfortable setting to kick back and enjoy a brew and conversation.  They have four or five flat screen TVs with movies/sports playing, and also have several games you can take back to your table.  While they don't serve food, they welcome you to order food and have it delivered, or bring your own food.  They also will give you complementary bar snacks if you ask.  Plus, they have a popcorn machine that you can always help yourself to.If you work or live near this area, I highly recommend giving it a try.  There's nothing not to like about this place.
4	Easily the best local hefeweizen, better than Four Peaks. It was the clear winner on my visit.Beyond beer, they offer really good service for a place that doesn't serve food. We ordered in pizza and Sleepy Dog was happy to provide plates, napkins and all the other stuff.
4	Good and tasty beer! plus you can get a place to sit and share it. Not much food is available, but I guess you can still order a pizza or so to have it here. If they keep  it like this, they might have to add more chairs!
4	Great new brewery in Tempe.  This place isn't much to look at (just lot's of concrete and a large number of TVs), but it does serve good beer at good prices and is a great place to watch sports.  Another thing is that since it just recently opened, it is somewhat of an unknown gem.  On multiple nights we have gone there and played apples to apples with the staff for a free beer.  It's nice to get away from the Tempe crowds sometimes and go to a place where they remember you.As others have said in reviews, there is no actual menu but I like being able to order from other places.  I also love the free popcorn and pretzel mix every time I go in there.Try all of their beers and they also have an 8 beer sampler which is a great way to do so.  Keep our new brewery thriving and get your friends in there for some drinks.
5	Went here for lunch... used a coupon i had for a 1cent beer...not too shabby. tasted the newly unveiled pumpkin hefe...very good. tamales were pretty delish. main thing i wanna comment on is the one liter growlers... AWESOME!!!!!  i love the opportunity to take a beer home for later, and the fact i can take two well packaged growlers for the price of one normal growler...BTW 2  one liter growlers do equal 1 normal sized.  they do an awesome bottling job, first removing oxygen from the bottle, then filling the bottle with co2 to preserve the freshness... cant wait to get home and crack open my Red Rover....yummy
5	Everything you'd want in a local brewery - great location, fun atmosphere, really a lot of effort put into the beer.
5	I haven't had Hefe this good!
1	The waitress sucks. She's super rude. Don't let her wait on u. On my friends 1st visit she ordered a Malibu and rum. The waitress scoffed and said "this is a brewery not a bar, honey..." RUDE!  It was her 1st time and she was actually embarrassed by the comment.  She probably won't be going back.  Then we got yelled at b/c we stood at the game table too long. I can't say enough to describe how bad the service is.  When I asked for the manager the guy said he was "sort of a manager".  I told him of our problem with the waitress and I'm guessing he passed along the message b/c for the rest of the night she gave me the dirtiest looks from across the bar.
3	This is a cute little brewery that opened up about a year ago. The location is a little odd .. its in a random office/industrial park. The inside is great for lounging with friends on the couch and watching a game or movie. The owners are very nice and have great experience in brewing their beers. They even offer brewery tours for groups. I like their sampler pack of all their beers. Theres usually a uniquely crafted beer on their menu that cant be found other places. The one knock I have is the lack of food. If they served decent food, I'd come back more.
5	We entered Sleepy dog at around 9:30 it was really empty in the place I sat at the bar and ordered a sampler this is by far the largest sampler I have ever had at a brewery...  I finished the sampler and ordered a Red Rover my favorite beer... They have free popcorn and you can play board games at the bar I said Yahtzee anyone now I am drinking great craft beer and playing Yahtzee by this time the place is packed... They have a cool wheel you can spin for a buck to win drinks or money off drinks let's say I could not drink all I won lol... Plus they have a really cool TV that they will post pictures of your dog if you email it to them... I just think it's an all-around cool place to chill plus I always want to support the underdog.
5	Visited several times.  I appreciate good beer and this brewery makes it.  They also have a guest beer or two occassionally, and seem to do a fine job of selecting something that complements their own offering.If you are considering visiting Sleepy Dog, consider this -- it's a small craft brewery.  Plain and simple.  They don't have food (other than popcorn really) and you aren't going to go there to watch the game.  It's a chill atmosphere and they serve excellent craft beers for you to relax and enjoy.  So, you go there to enjoy a pint or six over conversation with your friends.  THEN, after you're oiled up on good beer, you go to the loud party hangout.  If you like beer, highly recommend.
4	Located in a non-assuming industrial strip mall, Sleepy Dog Brewing is worth the effort to find. Lets be clear- its no Four Peaks or Gordon Beirsch in terms of food and amenities. But the beer is well-made and priced well, and popcorn is free. So, no- they don't have much of a kitchen (hummus and some small snacks are available) and frankly, I was a little surprised that the bartender didn't know more about the beers (even though she otherwise gave great customer service) but the beer itself makes all those other issues disappear. The Red Rover Irish Red first got me to the brewery because I first tried it at another bar and loved it. Its hard to find a good Irish Red in Phoenix. But the Leg Humper Hefewiezen kept me there with its clean, easy drinking taste. Its a more refined version of San Tan brewery's Hefeweizen, which can be a bit heavy for me. The seasonal dunkelweisse was also something I didn't expect to find in Phoenix and it was smooth and delicious. (Coming from Philadelphia, I'm used to a more extensive local beer selection). Finally, the Wet Snout Milk Stout was also a favorite of mine. It had a surprising complexity of taste. So much so, that I still cant pinpoint what the flavor notes I tasted were. All I know, is that it was good!For food, they are partnering with the local food trucks (which is also a reason I went) so that they can provide dinner to their customers. Its a WIN-WIN deal, I think.
4	nothing like your normal brewery/bar and that is why i like it so much! Inside it has a very comfortable homey vibe to it. I really dig the atmosphere here, its almost like hanging out in a friends big living room. You can watch one of the t.v's, play cards or a board game, even bring your own food in  if you want and just chill out and enjoy some good beers. The people who work here and really laid back, this is just an all around nice place to relax after a long day. They do not serve food but they do have a food truck parked right outside each day they are open (wed-sat). each day it is a different company providing the food and they work in collaboration with the sleepy dog. Also have deals if you buy food get a beer for a buck or something like that. They have menus inside for what is served outside. Yes everything is dog themed and they are creative in the way they implement it. The beer sampler( GET IT, its awesome) comes served in a dish that is bone shaped..and the names of the beers are dog related etc. its just a no pressure come as you are place and who doesn't like a place like that??oh yeah and the bathrooms are super cool...all metal. have a couple beers and go in one. its like you walked into a walk in refrigerator that's not cold(if that makes any sense) anyway i like em'
1	Why bother? My only question I have for the owners of this place.   Out of pale ale, out of IPA, doesn't offer growlers to take out their beer, employees could care less if you were in there (and we were the only ones in there). Cute Marketing approach with all the Dog names, Dog bone shaped platters to hold the tester beers and TV with rotating dog photos....but you forgot to MAKE the BEER for people to buy and drink!!Who runs out of Pale Ale and IPA?  Sorry but I think we will soon be calling this place Dead Dog Brewery.
5	I went to Sleepy Dog for the first time last night. Not only was the beer amazing (Wet Snout Milk Stout nomnom), but the atmosphere was so unusually intruiguing. There isn't a kitchen; however, if you ask for a menu they give you a binder of all the places that deliver food to the bar. So, while you're sitting around drinking locally brewed beer with your friends, the pizza guy comes! Its like hanging out at home. Love it.
3	I've been here a couple of times and can report:  I like it!  It's a fairly unpretentious place with good beer and a friendly staff.  I've enjoyed the scootcher beer and double IPA.  They regularly invite local food trucks to plant themselves out front for hungry patrons.  We devoured some delicious Filipino eats from the Hey Joe truck last week--excellent!  My only real adjustment to the atmosphere would be to turn down the music a notch so I can hear conversation better.  Otherwise, this mellow bar is a cool place to unwind after the work-week.
4	I've been coming here since they opened and I love it. Their beer is delicious, the scottish ale and red are truly unique, the latter being my favorite. Sadly they have no kitchen, but they have started having local gourmet food trucks come by that are delicious!Unfortunately, their "carry-out" beer options are limited as other reviewers have said, but since I've been going there awhile I can say that this area is constantly improving.
5	This is the only beer in Phoenix that I actually crave...all the other local brews can't hold a candle. Plus it has a great atmosphere - aka, Boondock Saints plays on a regular basis. ;) 5 stars!
5	I have lived down the street from here for three years, and everytime I drive by I think "I've got to try that place"Well last night was finally the night. It was a friend's birthday and he didn't want to go "out", so we met up for a drink here at around 9pm. The inside certainly doesn't match the commercial outside of the little business center it's located in. Super spacious (brewers in the back), lots of couches and tables in the front, tv's lining the walls, pretty nice for a brewery. Two of our friends were already there, and after J and I sat down and took a look at the menu, the owner(?) came by and took our orders. I had the Wet Snout and J had the Raspberry Mead (mead? Yeah I don't know either but it was way good). Our two other friends worked on the taster, and a friend that later joined us also had the mead. Everything tasted good, they have board games and free popcorn available, The Princess Bride was playing, it was just super chill, as if a brewery was in your living room. Plus even though we arrived before 10pm we got the happy hour pricing which rocked. This is a great place and even though I'm not the biggest fan of beer, I'll definitely be back.
5	Alright, Sleepy Dog Brewing is what I would expect if my friends opened up a brewery. This place hit home with me immediately. Let me explain:I walked in, sat down and ordered a sampler. While I waited I looked around and was impressed by the clean and urban-stylized look of the decor. It felt good. It's then that I started looking up at all of the flat screens mounted on the walls. One was playing Austin Powers, another Silence of the Lambs, the third had on Diner's Drive-Ins and Dives and another was a picture slideshow of puppies and dogs. Ahh! Every single thing I looked at, I enjoyed! After that big smile was put on my face, my drinks came. I expected to get a good taste of their best brews, but instead got about 2.5 - 3 beers! The sampler is huge! Excited, I got to the tasting, and I found that I liked a lot of what they had to offer! The flavors were complex and I especially liked the current seasonal (dunkel weissen, I believe). It's not everyday that I get a flight and really like more that 50% of what I got. I should also mention that the custom metal bone that they use for serving the sampler is a very nice touch!One last thing to mention before wrapping up is noise level.. I've been to plenty of breweries where things get loud really quickly. That did not happen at Sleepy. The noise level was pretty perfect! The music wasn't blasting, but wasn't too low to hear (not to mention that the music selection was filled with great songs). It was just right for relaxing with friends and good conversation while enjoying great brews.If I lived in Tempe, I would be a regular here. If YOU live in Tempe (and like beer) you should be a regular here!
4	I am a major fan of this small brewery. They do not serve food, but they do have free popcorn. Due to the lack of food, they normally have food trucks outside which is convenient because the foods pretty top notch.This is a very casual place to grab a beer and my fav is the milk stout. Its really creamy and a little sweet. Overall, they have a great variety and all of the beers are very smooth. Definitely a place to visit again.
5	Awesome....  Came here not knowing what to expect but i was certainly not disappointed.  Beers were excellent.  EXCELLENT.   Highly surprised I have never heard of Sleepy Dog Brewing.  St Bernard and Wet Snout were 2 of the best brews I have ever tasted.  Great atmosphere, plenty of TVs. No food, but bar snacks are just fine for me.  Highly recommend!!!
3	This place is growing on me. If I had written this a few months ago, I might have given two...perhaps even one star. Sure, the lack of food is a bit of a drag, but I don't think that's a necessary condition for being a great pub. The aesthetic is challenging: hard surfaces, a kind of metallic, sterile vibe. Not exactly relaxing. But on the other hand it's a rather calm, unpretentious venue that can serve certain purposes. The bar staff are chill, and seem to have a good sense of humor.At the end of the day, I'm just not a fan of the beer. No, it's not Dave's-Electric-Brewpub-bad. But with so many great options for delicious beer in Tempe, I find it hard to justify wandering off past the ROTC offices and sketchy strip-malls to find this place. It's just not terribly inspiring. Yet.
4	A great selection of German, British, and American style beers served by knowledgeable staff.I ordered a sampler flight. The 8 small, fluted sampler glasses arrive in a clever dog bone frame with numbers matching a sampler menu.Enjoy a drink there or take out 22 ounce bottles. You can bring your own food, they usually have popcorn in an old-style popping machine, and some great food cart venders serve out of the parking lot; see the website for the schedule.
5	Great beer and nice quiet atmosphere to hang out with friends.  They have board games to play or bring some some cards,  They don't serve food but a convenient street vendor food truck parks right outside the door.
5	Amazing place for exceptionally good beer and time with friends! Minimal menu but great collaboration with other local vendors and ordering for delivery at their location is encouraged! Their beer recently passed Four Peaks as my favorite too, not an easy feat! If you're on the fence at all about checking this place out, do yourself a favor and just get yourself there!
4	I came here with a friend for the first time last Saturday night. There's seating for maybe 30-40 people. When you walk in, you can see straight back behind the bar into the brewery which I thought was pretty cool.We wanted to try all of the beers so we took the beer flight and got tasters of 8 beers (which turned out to be about 2 beers total). The tasters are bigger than others I've tried so you get to really sit back and enjoy the different beers; not just take a sip and be done with it. I loved how all of the names of the beers were dog-related. Very clever. They don't serve food here (besides pop chips) but they allow and encourage you to bring food in from anywhere. They also have board games and cards available for anyone to use. The only thing that disappointed me was that they were out of their IPA (which was actually the only reason I came). Although I was disappointed, I can't hold that against them. I know that sometimes a batch can fly out faster than expected and I still enjoyed the other beers they had available! Great place all-in-all.
4	First off, awesome beer. I went with a few friends, and it had a pretty laid-back atmosphere. The staff was friendly and knowledgable about their brews. They had a movie on and board games available. I wish I could have made it in when they had a food truck there, though. Bottom line, Sleepy Dog is a great place to go get good beer with a group of friends, but you might want to pick up some food on the way.
4	The beer is AMAZING, especially the Red Roover. I would recommend any beer lover to stop by. The only reason I did not give them a 5 is due to lack of food. I know they provide free popcorn and do schedule food trucks, but it would be an even better location with some bar food to pair with their delicious beer.
4	A beer bar located in an industrial park. I like it.The beers are solid overall. They offer one of the only locally brewed milk stouts (I think ...) and they've recently expanded their line of beers (including a good black IPA). The only one I would avoid is their pale lager. They offer a limited selection of wine and mead, but no liquor.They don't serve food, but they're thrilled if you bring something of your own (BYOF?) from elsewhere. I've had a pizza delivered there before. Also, there's usually have some sort of food truck on Fridays and I've liked the two I've tried. This is not really a pro or con, just something to know before you go.It's usually pretty easy to seat any sized group here. The atmosphere is pretty minimal; there are board games and TVs with showing various sports. Most of the time, there's a movie playing on one of the TVs. I can't say why, but it's kind of strange to watch The Rock starring in The Rundown at a bar.The real reason I can't go for all five stars here: they don't have any sort of patio. While I'm writing this in August, it isn't a big deal at all. Come the cooler weather of all non-Summer seasons, it's a bit of a drag.
4	Like others have mentioned this place is in an industrial park. This gives it an interesting feel and also filters out much of the crowd you might get at a place on Mill or elsewhere during the Fall semester (the busiest). You just have to get the beer flight when you come in. It's a fine representation of what the bar serves. Also drinking tiny beers seems to get you drunk faster!The owner here is a great guy but is probably the most frank, least appealing person I've ever met. He doesn't follow sports (he says he has no affiliations with teams. which normally wouldn't be a problem, but we're in Tempe! Just suck it up and be a Devils fan!) but always has the latest event on one of the 7 or so LCD screens so us Sporties can indulge. Despite lacking in the sports knowledge department he really knows his shit when it comes to his beers. I think his name is Carl or something, and he would be the first to tell you that he is a beer snob. You can see his brew setup as a massive backdrop to the bar. Luckily Carl balances out his abrasive yet lovable personality with some super cute girls, definitely a good move. They have food here sometimes (food trucks that are out front) and a sort of limited food menu that the employees add things to every once in a while. There is a "soul food" truck and a "shinobu taco" truck outside on certain days, although I'm not entirely sure what days these are. There are board games galore for people who get bored just chatting, and a free popcorn setup you can poke at to your heart's delight. The Leg Humper Hefeweizen is my favorite.
4	I somehow missed this all of the times I have driven by it. The place is as clean as an operating room. They have a small bar, and seating elsewhere for maybe 30 or so people. The actual brewery is in a large open area behind the bar, so you can watch that going on while you drink. The clean smell of the place reminded me of the days when I lived near the Miller Brewery in Milwaukee. If the wind was blowing the right direction it carried the stench of dirty socks right up to my door. Why is it that these small breweries have no smell? Anyway, I was wondering about that as I sampled their brand new Oktoberfest and their Hefeweizen. Both excellent, and served at the right temperature. Others here have mentioned the lack of food. They did have signs up saying they were carrying some food now, but I did not investigate. Finally, the service was friendly, and the crowd was friendly. What more could you ask for?
5	This is my favorite hangout in Tempe.  Sleepy Dog seems to attract a lot of regulars and quite a handsome crowd if I do say so myself.  The bar manager/owner really knows his beer and the service he and the staff provide is 5 star.  If you are looking for a cool place to watch sports, drink amazing beer, and have good honest conversation with your friends, this is the place to be.
5	I love this place and I think the fact that I am the duke here shows it.The beer selection is great with some very good flavors. The Wet Snout and Red Rover are two of my favorites. However the seasonals and specials are usually pretty impressive. They also have very reasonable prices  for the beer. The sampler is a great way to try everything and is plenty of beer.I also like the atmosphere. This is a brewery and a bar and doesn't want to be any more. It is like a great blend of hanging out in a buddies basement and relaxing at the bar. They have a popcorn machine in the corner, some fun board and card games, and TV's playing sports or movies. It's a fun place to come unwind for 30 minutes or a few hours. They don't have food aside from the aforementioned popcorn but they welcome you ordering in or bringing food with you.The service has also been great with knowledgable and friendly staff. If you have a question about a beer or want a suggestion they are great at helping you out.Now please don't start flooding the place with business because I still want to be able to get a seat when I show up.
4	I like the popcorn selection here better than the beer. The popcorn is popped fresh and free and they have at least 30 seasonings, hot sauces and other stuff to throw on the popcorn. Try the bacon cheddar seasoning. The Happy Hour is quite excellent as that is when I showed up with almost half off for most beers. I only tried the Hef, but it was one of the better versions of that style of beer that I have encountered. Not all college kids there at HH, but that is the clientele obviously. I guess they couldn't call themselves the "drunky doggy", but their dog mascot look s more hammered than sleepy!
5	Yelp - your map is wrong. Sleepy Dog is not east of the 101, its east of McClintock before the 101 on University.My husband and I have been trying to hit every brewery in Arizona and did not even know this place was here! A Google search of "Az Breweries" showed us that our stop offs in Tempe were not compete because of this surprise "sleeper". I was shocked to discover that this gem had been here for nearly 3.5 years! Having now visited The Sleepy Dog I am sad that we have not been enjoying this establishment the whole duration of its existence. The staff was friendly & informative, the atmosphere was comfortable, yet modern and, the beer is by far the best that we have had of all our Az Brewery tours. The food is limited but supplemented by fresh popcorn made even tastier by a wide variety of flavored toppings.  The food that is offered is made by local chefs and is amazingly delicious. If you live in the Phoenix area and have not visited the The Sleepy Dog you are cheating yourself.I was amazed that they had 13 craft beers on tap. Most of the places we visit have 6, maybe 7. Our favorites were the "Leg Humper" and the "Wet Snout".Seriously, visit the Sleepy Dog - you will not be disappointed.
4	An incredibly nice surprise hidden among the strip malls and warehouses.  4 only because my beer tasting was incomplete.Season special Marzen is ok, but a suprise beer for a microbrewery.Porter was AMAZING!  I'll be back just for this, reminds of me a Black Butte, but with a bit more character, a definate must get.  The place does not serve food other than its pretzel dough.  They are more than happy to let you bring in food or order in.  The pretzel dough is a bit overpriced, but does make for good palet clensing and beer soaking.  If purchased, make sure to pair with a beer or drown it in jam.   No jam or beer = disaster.  If you just need something to munch on, they have free popcorn with a ridiculious amount of condiments, shaming every movie theater and grocery store in America.The place is clean and well designed enough for me to bring a lady friend, yet scruffy enough for me to bring the boys.  I'll be back for the rest of their beers and happy hour, the prices were really fair even off happy hour.  Just make sure to be around when the Cardinals are winning, so everyone is in a good mood.
5	I love how unassuming and unique Sleepy Dog is. Nestled in a rather dull shopping strip, this industrial and simultaneously cozy building harbors some delicious beer and good memories. I mean, I don't even like beer, but their "mixed" beers are killer! Keep in mind that beer is what they do, and they do it well. They do not sell food, and in fact, the only food they have is (complimentary) popcorn in the corner of the room. But you are free to BYOF (Bring Your Own Food). People can have pizza delivered, you can bring food you cooked at home, or stop by Los Favoritos down the street and bring in a burrito (my personal favorite). I give this place five stars because it is so relaxed. You can bring in your own food, and they have a stack of board games in the corner to play. I LOVE board games. Being able to play games and eat whatever I want while sipping on some good drinks was an excellent way to spend time with friends, and then again with my husband. Love it here. I'll be back again and again, I'm sure of it.
4	I was excited to check out Sleepy Dog after seeing all of it's 4 and 5-star reviews, and finally made it in. I must say...both beers I enjoyed were delicious. Establishment itself is small but unique and modern, and their whole theme around dogs rocks. The only drawback, is they do not serve food....well, the whole reason I went here was to meet up with a friend for dinner and a beer or two. I was shocked at this. We ended up having a pizza delivered from a pizza place down the street, which went well with our beers. One great thing, was they have a ton of flat screens all around. One had a corny late 80's action movie playing which was very entertaining, and something you don't experience everyday. All in all, I did like Sleeping Dog, and would like to go back. I saw the popcorn maker as we left! Beer was just as good/better than the other breweries in the area.
3	It Is a good place- as others have mentioned in a very unassuming shopping/industrial center. The beers are tasty- not four peaks quality but more unique flavored. They will give you the micro- brew head ache! But they do provide free popcorn with TONS of different toppings options. It's clean, decent sized, decor lacking (although the cute dog picks on the tvs are awesome). I'd come here again with friends since its very chill and not busy. Service was excellent. Beware the meat locker bathrooms!
5	Excellent place, I cant wait for the their new place on williams field and val vista to open, its about 15-20 minutes closer to my home.
4	Visited the Sleepy Dog on my way home because I'd noticed it a couple blocks from my house. It doesnt stand out well in it's industrial park setting, but inside the staff were friendly and knowledgeable of thier beers, and more than willing to chat with us as we enjoyed a variety of their brews and watched the original Die Hard on their TV.Pro Tip: Try the scooter its solid.
5	My family stopped in here in a rush before we went to the airport after finding out Nimbus had been shut down. You could drive right past this place and never know, but you should know because you're really missing out. They have televisions hung out showing movies (we got to see Idiocracy) and powerpoints of people's dog pictures that had been sent in (I LOVE that). Their tasting sets give you a lot of beer to choose from, and their Bernese Mountain Dog (Monje Azul/Wet Snout Stout blend) is incredible. Another unique thing is that they are served by various food truck vendors instead of a traditional restaurant, which I think is really cool. We had pizza, which while not incredible pizza was really appetizing for the price. I'd love to come another time with other food options. The guys are ultra friendly and make you feel very welcome too.
5	I have to say what is so great about this place compared to anything else in the valley. Many people on here have stated why already. But again, its the chill atmosphere, the games, the people, the lightining, the seating, the employees, the movies, the good popcorn, the fact you can bring in your own food, which is phenominal because you are not limited to a style of food that is forced upon you. If you want Chinese, get it. If you want a burger, grab it and grab a seat and drink great beer. There has never been a place that I felt that I wanted to go to every week or every month and call it my night out. But this place is that place for me. It is a complete date for my husband and I. We grab food, drink beer, play games after, and talk to the great people who come here. The people are the kind of folks that are laid back and will talk to you because you are next to them enjoying a good time. Its not pretentious, its not obnoxious and that makes it a gem in the valley. The employees are warm and attentive and well I just cannot say enough good things. There is something working here...keep it going!
5	I'm going to keep this short. Sleepy Dog is great. Beers are fantastic, especially the ESB and the Pale Ale for me. It's a small place that's easy to miss when driving down University, but it's definitely worth a stop. Don't go to this place if you want a Coors Light or other cheap, terrible beer because they don't stock that crap. They don't serve food, but they'll let you order food for delivery and often they have a food truck outside.
4	Really enjoyed this place! Used it as a meet-up spot with an old friend. We loved getting samples from the friendly staff, and were particularly impressed with the variety of popcorn toppings available for the free popcorn. Yes, a bar with free popcorn always has a key to my heart, but this place packed a punch elsewhere! Great brews, and fun movies, too!The decor leaves something to be desired, but who cares!
5	I love this place! They have amazing beer, and its a really laid back environment. The servers are all friendly, and engaging. Its not like they are being nice just because it's their job, they actually all seem to be happy to be there and chat with you. It's great for hanging out with your friends and enjoying some beer. Keep in mind they do not serve much food, but you are encouraged to bring your own or order in. They often have food trucks and other vendors come by.
3	So, I was recently bookmarking a bunch of breweries in our fine state that are listed on the http://craftbeeraz.com/ website (wow, there are a lot I haven't been to yet!) when I realized that I had not written a review for Sleepy Dog Brewing. I think I probably put it off because I am somewhat ambivalent about this place. I LOVE their logo and all the cute dog references in their beers. The brewery itself is also very charming and comfortable. But I have to subtract a star because they don't have food. And I have to subtract another star because, well, their beer isn't very good.I have sampled all of their beers and the only ones that have any flavor whatsoever are the red ale, the ipa and the milk stout. The rest are pretty tasteless and could be easily confused for your regular mass-produced corporate beers like coors, bud, etc. I guess plenty of people like that sort of stuff so to each his own. However, even with their beers that do have a nice flavor, there is just something a little off about them. Like they are too thin or watered down or something. I am not sure if they don't have enough carbonation or what. Its just not a good mouthfeel. I know that is a super beer snob word to use but I really just can't think of any other way to describe it. The really weird thing is that I have had their hefeweizen at a local restaurant and also I have tried their beers at beer festivals and I never noticed that problem until I actually had the beer at the brewery.This is a perplexing issue that requires further study. For now lets just say they are not my favorite Arizona brewer but I do like their place and their cute little puppy logo. I will return.
4	Pretty cool place, just simply a brewery (no food truck when I was there).  Good beer, good service, but the bad news, looks like the popcorn machine has died.  Hope they get some themed pint glasses for purchase.
5	Arranged for a "small" group of 22+ to meet for happy hour and great acoustic music.  Not only did they graciously accommodate the group, but the waitress, Erin, was able to give separate checks and constantly checked to see if everything was good, and made sure that everyone was taken care of well.  The food was great! Something so simple as sliders were made to taste amazing with sauteed onions and pickles.  The beer sampler was a huge hit and enjoyed by many in the group.  This place knows how to make sure everyone leaves happy.  The whole group was pleased and can't wait to go back.  Thank you, thank you, thank you,
5	Cool place that isn't over-crowded or full of frills. Simply put, it's clean, the staff is on the ball, and the beer is fantastic. Sent them a pic of my pup to put on the slideshow of dogs so now I have to go back again to see if they put that adorable face on the 42" inch screen. No food, no problem. Visit the pizza guy outside. For me, liquid dinner is just fine.
5	I love this place. Such a great relaxing atmosphere. They always have a movie playing and plenty of board games to choose from. Also, you can't beat the free popcorn and seasonings. And of course, their beer is great too. They have a wide variety to choose from. Not much of a food place, but they have food truck occasionally and you can bring your own or order from somewhere nearby.
3	I had a weird feeling here. First, it was a little challenging to find because my GPS said it was on the next street over. I ended up parking and walking looking for the address. When I arrived it had a descent amount of people but wasn't overly crowded  It was weird because it looked and felt like the State Farm agent office I worked in just after college - 'cept there were large brew tanks in the middle. I like the Wet Snout and the new Wolfpack is among the best IPAs I have had... this night I chose Dog Pound and I wasn't really impressed. I also ordered the Tail Chaser. I think with that one I was surprised because it said it was a light Pilsner, but it was darker than expected.  But all in all it was a nice place. I would hang out again especially with Wolfpack, Wet Snout, or Yellow Dog. And the pizza outside was nice.
4	Really nice vibe in here and the beer was delicious. Super hot outside and an ice-cold beer absolutely did the trick. The service was superb and the overhead movie was pretty funny. I will return here again I am sure. Just wish you had a few more snacks. Or maybe I'll bring in my own?? Hope that's okay because I wouldn't want to miss out on your beer.
5	Love the tripel!!!  Love a couple of the other beers too, but kept going back to the tripel.    DOWNSIDE:This place has TV playing.  College boys with hot girlfriends sitting at cocktail tables with their heads cocked to the side watching lame TV shows.  They have dialog TV, not music videos.  It felt kinda like having beers with friends at a chess tournament instead of a bar...I asked the bartender if they could put some music on.  He said, "Yes," but 15 minutes later there still wasn't any.  So I brought my guitar in and started a sing-along with my group of friends who were with me.  Several people throughout the bar came over and started singing with us.  Someone even bought my 3 beers before my tab came.  It seems management doesn't understand that part of a Friday night bar scene, is music.  I advise to drop the dry dialog non-funny TV shows.  Unless perhaps no music is their bar niche.  I guess there are those who don't like music.  Of course singing our own songs for 45 minutes at the top of our lungs was a blast for my group. Not sure how they felt about it, but they didn't kick us out.
3	This is a fun little brewery. A surprisingly large selection of beers. They have a great tasting flight where you can sample everything. I was there on a Tuesday night and it was indeed sleepy; not more than 4-5 people in the place at any time. The bartenders were friendly and the beers were pretty good.
4	Walked in hoping to grab dinner and a beer. Don't plan on eating there unless it is food truck night.  They don't serve any food except pop corn. We still stayed and had a beer, heck we were there so why not.  The Beer was good.  They have a good selection and it was priced normally.  I think we paid $3 for a beer. I would go there again to meet someone for a beer.
5	One of 3 breweries that we were able to stop by on our trip through AZ.  Ordered a taster flight and liked just about every beer that we ordered.  They offer 'combinations' where it is two of their locally brewed beers mixed together.   It seems to be a smaller brewery but don't let that fool you, the beer selection is large and the service was outstanding!  Very attentive employees.  It also has a variety of board/card games to use so if you are looking to dominate your friends at Scrabble or Pictionary while drinking some good beer, this is your brewery!
4	Great American, British and German style brews. Around 11 beers on tap and several beer cocktails mixing the basic brews. Take out 22 ounce bombers or refillable growlers.Enjoy food truck excellent chow Fridays or bring your own if nightly free popcorn is not enough.Always an oddball movie playing on the screen over the bar, while sports play on side wall screens.
4	Great brewery! I absolutely recommend stopping by for a pint or two, their selection of different brews was desirable enough to definitely wanting to go back and try the rest. Sleepy dog name says it all, I drove right passed the place so keep an eye out for it's sleepy location lol. Free popcorn and flavors to add was a nice touch, lots of tv's, and the board games everywhere to play for free were pretty cool. Retail selection is not bad for a smaller brewery, they have it all t-shirts, growlers, and pint glasses for only 4 bucks!
4	I love local breweries and Have been to Sleepy Dog a few times in the past. The beer is very good and the service is super friendly. It is easy to miss in the strip mall but it's well worth the U turn like I pretty much do every time I drive by.lol.For sure my favorite beer is the Scootcher (Scottish ale). It's like a super Kilt Lifter! Pretty thick though so I don't think I could get down more than 1-2 in a hour but it's more if a sipping beer. The IPA was also full of flavor too. I really like the set up of the bar. You can see all the workings of a brewery behind the beer taps. There is also free popcorn and seasoning which I've never used? Don't ask me why probably because I'm too busy watching the cult classic movies playing in the bar. There are also various board games and you can bring whatever food you want to inside. The only bummer..is even-though the brewery is named after dogs, you can't actually bring your dog in unless it's a service animal. Probably local laws but Mother Road in Flagstaff allows any dogs right inside with you because they don't serve food. Not dinging Sleepy Dog, it has to be different county health laws but I was assured by staff that I could bring my dog in if it had a service animal vest with no questions if you catch my drift.... Maybe I'll brig my service Basset Hound next time after I find her vest on eBay.lol.All in all I wish I lived closer to Sleepy Dog because I would make it a regular hangout.
5	If you can catch this place on a good food-truck night; it's perfect! One of my favorite breweries to hangout, easily. Sleepy Dog has an awesome selection of craft beers brewed right there. I personally love the Tail Chaser IPA, Scootcher Amber Ale and the Wet Snout Milk Stout. On top of their phenomenal beers, they always have even better seasonals and creative beer mixes. Like I said, if there is a food truck, hit it up, otherwise there are a few good places that will deliver. Overall, a solid go-to hangout joint.
5	This place is great. I can't believe it's not packed or that we have not discovered it sooner. $10 gets you a flight and a free pint glass to take home. All their beers are smooth and full of flavor. The staff is friendly, informative, and passionate about what they do. Love how close it is to my house and that you can bring in your own food. Can never go wrong with a good beer and can't wait to bring in my friends.
4	Sleepy Dogs is a great brewery. Their selection of beers is diverse and original. Red Rover was advertised as it's signature beer and it did not disappoint.There are several TVs all around the brewery  and a couple comfy couches as well so this is a great place to to take a load off and watch the game. They do not serve their own door here but there are some snack available and there was even a food truck outside that had some delicious BBQ. I will definitely return.
4	Sleepy Dog Brewery continues to produce a consistently excellent core menu of beers in their tasting room, with generally great seasonals, while avoiding the trap of going too faddish. They also feature beer cocktails, combinations that bring out the best of two straight brews. There is free popcorn and an expanded frequency of food trucks with great grub. They rearranged the floor so you can get to the popcorn without walking through a dart game. Great selection of bombers to go and growlers.
5	Had a great experience at Sleepy Dog. They have a casual neighborhood watering hole vibe and make great beer. Beyond that, the servers are very friendly, knowledgeable, and customer focused. Although they don't serve food they have an extensive choice of delivery options. Go there if you're a craft beer aficionado and especially if you're a dog lover.
3	Great local brew pub! little small but good. Located kind of in a industrial park area but right off University.This isnt a bar so there isn't full liqour service just their own brand of beer so don't expect to go in and get a glass of wine or  spirit. Their beer is decent and i'd certainly check them out if your in the tempe area. i used a Groupon for this place along w 20% off code i found online my Groupon ended up costing me $26 for 2 flights of 6 4oz samples (basically 3 pints glasses of beer) plus 2 logo pint glasses to keep along with a Growler full of beer to take home. Now this may sound like alot of money to those that drink budlight but anyone that knows good quality beer you pay about $6-9 a pint sometimes more at most places for a good craft beer. Go check it out you'll probably enjoy it over your run of the mill bar.
3	Wish I could give 3 1/2 stars, but I will go 3 since I don't think it is ready for a 4.  A great little find thanks to Groupon. Never knew about this place before and we like to try local breweries.  This place is small, but fun.  Great decor-love the sign and wall colors and the couch in the corner with the dart boards.  A popcorn machine is the only food you will find here, but there are places that deliver or pick up an excellent pizza at Spinatos a couple miles away and bring that in with you.  The beer flight was perfect!
4	Great beer and food truck
5	The service here was absolutely excellent. The gentleman gave us tasters until we found the exact beer each of us were looking for. He wanted us to enjoy the pint we chose. Thank you! I really like that they offer popcorn if you need something to snack on. The beers that we had were good.
5	Great little brewery in Tempe that I'm glad I stopped in to check out. Was in town for business and this establishment was fairly close to where I was staying. They had a whopping 12 beers on tap which I was surprised at. The staff was friendly and I ended up staying quite a while tasting their offerings and even ordering a pizza to be delivered from Spinato's nearby.
4	Stopped in Sleepy Dog after an awesome meal at Four Peaks down the road. The service, as usual, was excellent - the guy that waited on us is so nice and welcoming and didnt seem phased by the high number of tables that were all there for the Groupon deal. Though we didnt have one, that seems like a great idea to get people in the door and enjoying this place. I love the decor and the dog-theme here too. The beer is good, not great, but I like the blends that they offer that keep things interesting. I tried a Monte Azul/Wet Snout blend that was really tasty. All in all, we had an excellent time stopping in for a pint and will be back again.
2	Went there as I found on Groupon.... will not return - not because of the beer but because of the absolutely rude and lousy service.  We sat down and only a few people were at the bar - barely an ackowledgement we existed.  Took an extraordinary amount of time to finally get served.  Most beer was good -though a little warm.  Our groupon included glasses - they almost slammed on the bar giving them to us.  I love local micro-brews.. had potential - but will not go back until they improve service
5	Love the friendly, laid back atmosphere. Bring some friends and play a game of Cards Against Humanity or Darts! The beer is always on par and variety seems to be growing at a rapid pace. The place gets busy at night so arrive early. There is no food available but feel free to munch on the popcorn or order in some pizza!
5	OK, what could be better than bringing your own pizza, sharing it with the staff, and getting a great beer besides?? NADA! My husband and I have made it a mission to visit every microbrew  in the country we can and this place is the measuring stick that we compare every other place against! Too bad for them that Sleepy Dog is the BEST!My husband loves Scotch ales, so he gets the Scootcher. My preference is a mix between the Scootcher & the Red Rover, AKA The Scootchover! I just wish they could have a little patio area so we could enjoy the nice weather as fall approaches...but I love the metal furniture that the owner has welded, repurposing old farm equipment and creating something special! Our favorite microbrew for sure!
5	This is my favorite brewery in Tempe.  The beers here are so good!  The beer is reasonably priced too.The atmosphere is very friendly and laid back.  The chairs and tables are always very clean, and it is never too crowded or too loud.There is ample parking outside which is nice!  Also, they often have food trucks there on Friday and Saturday nights.  It would be nice if they had food trucks there a little more often though.  I know they try to get more trucks out, but we get hungry after a while and can't actually survive on beer alone.The staff is very attentive with their service and generous with the water too.We really enjoy it here!  I think you will as well.
4	Sleepy Dog is an awesome establishment. The beer is delicious and they offer free popcorn with about twenty topping options. The bartenders are all great ppl too!
4	Sleepy Dog is a decidedly different kind of beer place for Tempe and the East Valley and I for one like this decidedly different approach.   First off let me start by saying there is no food at Sleepy Dog, so don't go there looking to get fed.  The good news is you can order your own food and eat it there (just be sure to get the utensil's sauces etc for your food).  OK with that out of the way.Sleepy Dog is the most chill place you will find in Tempe.  The beer is outstanding, I'm personally a fan of the "Yellow #1" the IPA and the red ale are also good, but I don't tend to drink those beers in the summer.   In addition to beer there is soda and water for those who are the DD for the evening (seriously kids don't drink and drive it's bad m'kay).   So now that you have your beer and possibly your take out food (or food truck parked out front on occasion).  What else is great about sleepy dog?   The pleothora of board games and card games!  Great way to chill on a Friday or Saturday night with your friends.   And that my friends is why Sleepy Dog Brewing needs to be on your must visit list for Tempe.
5	This is such an awesome craft brewery! The space is intimate and so chill. It was a huge contrast since we had just been at Four Peaks down the street. We prefer the more relaxed atmosphere. There's a comfortable couch facing the darts area that we enjoyed. My favorite part is the popcorn machine! FREE fresh popcorn for everyone! Plus, they have several Kernel's Seasons for your popcorn. I absolutely love popcorn and I love Kernel's seasonings. I didn't get to indulge since I was so full from dinner, but it is definitely a draw for me to come here.Whenever we visit a brewery, we always order a sampler if it is available. Since we were there during happy hour (after 10pm), the samplers were only $1/each! They have seven beers on tap and had two seasonal ones: Belgian "Tripel"Yellow #1: Light American AleDog Pound: American Pale AleLeg Humper: HefeweizenScootcher: Scottish Style Amber AleRed Rover: Irish AleWet Snout: Milk StoutTail Chaser: American IPACherry Wooferweizen: Hefeweizen infused with cherries.The glasses are served with cute metal bone trays to continue the dog theme. I really enjoyed the two seasonal beers, the Belgian Tripel and Cherry Wooferweizen. The Tripel had a light, but full flavor. I usually prefer hefeweizens and I liked the addition of cherries in the Cherry Wooferweizen. Ruben's favorite was the Belgian Tripel as well. They have a fridge next to the popcorn machine filled with 20-oz bottles to take home. There was a good selection and it was buy three, get one free at just $5 or $6 each! What a steal. We brought home Cherry Wooferweizen, Yellow #1, Wet Snout, and Tail Chaser.Like most tap rooms/breweries, there are board and card games as well as televisions. I would absolutely return on future visits to Phoenix.FYI: Happy Hour(s): 4PM-7PM and 10PM-closing daily.
4	Great Beer! That's why you go to a brewery right?!?! I've been to Sleepy Dog 4 times and have always enjoyed the beer (I also visited their old Gilbert restaurant, now closed).On my second and third visit to the Tempe Brewery they played movies so loud I couldn't talk at my table. Fortunately this was not the case last night.Prompt service!Popcorn to munch on!Great beer!Give it a try!
5	Sleepy Dog is a really cozy neighborhood tasting room.  You can have food delivered here, or you can walk next door and pick up food to bring in.  My hubby and I were using a Groupon deal for our first visit so we each ordered a flight of 6, 4oz tasters.  We got to choose whatever brews we wanted.  We were really impressed with the beer here,. especially considering the fact that we very rarely ever see any of their beers on tap in bars around the valley.  We will absolutely be back to hang out and chill.
3	Tried their sampler not bad. I could have used something to munch on besides pop corn.
5	I love their milk stout.  The "Wet Nose" is now my new favorite.Location seems a little sketch at first for this visitor from NC but the open doors made me feel welcome and I had two enjoyable evenings there.The sleepy dog theme reminds me of relaxing on cool  evenings.I will visit again next time I'm in Phoenix.
5	This place was a blast! My bf and I visited with a groupon, we got two flights, a growler and two beer glasses. The ambiance is very casual, with complimentary popcorn. I saw a few people walk in with pizza to eat with their beer. The guy and I played games while we drank the beer selection, all of which was excellent. We decided on the Scootcher for the glasses and growler, and we managed to polish off the growler when we got home! Definitely a fun date!
