5	I was visiting my daughter at Arizona State after having driven cross country. Needless to say I needed an oil change at the very least! I liked the sound of "My Car Guy" and gave them a shot. I could not have been more pleasantly surprised. Not only did Adam change my oil, but corrected a couple of other long trip issues at a reasonable price and did not treat me like an out of towner that he would never see again. I recommended "My Car Guy" to my daughter and all of her friends at ASU. I know they will have a great experience there.
5	This was, hands down, the best service I have ever received. Adam quoted me half the price of Greulich's for a fuel pump replacement, had my car fixed within hours, and even picked me up when it was done. This is truly a down-to-earth, honestly run business. So excited to officially have a car guy I can trust!!
5	WOW. These guys are amazing. Honest, helpful, and fast! Their prices are fair which is huge for me. I have been having an issue with my car making a strrrrrrange noise for several months. No one was able to help discern what it was (including the "experts" at my dealership).  I went to them after 3 other attempts at fixing the issue and they fixed it immediately. It's so nice to have a place to go where you can feel at ease. They are not trying to pull a fast one on anyone. I am so happy. My car drives so nicely and sounds like a proper 4 cylinder now (watch out). Thank you, MY CAR GUY!!!!!!
5	I had my brakes done from these guys for a great price. They didn't try to make a bunch of money off me. Just fixed what I needed. I will send all my buddy's to them. Don't go anywhere else.
5	The wife has the cool car.  But cool cars needs more tlc.  Adam and Scott are the perfect guys to provide that tlc.  They are fantastic!  I purchased an aftermarket warranty that I thought might only be honored at dealerships, but Adam made some quick phone calls and got the repairs approved.  Timing is perfect also.  Quick turnaround for repairs (same day).  Thanks Adam!
5	I started going to My Car Guy a couple months ago simply to get an oil change because I needed one and Adam was offering the lowest price for one out of all the ads I had received in the mail. I've had horrible experiences at ALL the car places I've ever been to, so I figured I'd go to the cheapest one possible. Lo and behold, there were a few other things wrong with my car. And I just so happened to be taking a small road trip the very next day. Adam was extremely nice and explained to me what was wrong with my car and quoted me a price. Not knowing anything about cars, I texted my cousin (who is a car mechanic) and asked if he was quoting me a good deal. My cousin agreed that the price was very fair and that was good enough for me!Since then, I've gone back to him for all my other car issues. He's extremely fair with pricing, explains everything (beyond my car understanding, quite frankly), and even offers a discount for ASU students like me! He also is great about working to get your car fixing as quickly as possible for you! I'm pretty sure they have gotten all my car issues done the same day of the problem so far.I will definitely be a long time customer :) I definitely recommend going here! Great service and great prices.
5	Very helpful. Had an oil change and got an estimate on my brake light that's keeps beeping. 22 bucks. I think my old guy might be pullin my leg I'm going to have him make an estimate to compare. Will keep posted. Fantastic customer service! Easy going, non pushy, friendly service. Will be back again
1	I really wanted to like this shop. I stopped in for an oil change after calling around and finding they had the cheapest prices. Come to find out I had nearly 2 grand worth of repairs. Including a new computer system, spark plugs, engine mounts and so fourth. I trusted the shop, Adam was so friendly, so I went ahead with the repairs thinking my car (2006 pt cruiser) would be all set. Immediately after getting my car back I noticed a pop sound coming from under the hood when I started it (this had never happened before). I wanted to believe it was nothing after going through all the troublem. Then I start to notice that my car is overheating when I use the AC. Again this had never happened before. I took it back to the shop thinking it might be a quick fix after the extensive repairs. Adam quotes me another thousand dollars saying my radiator is cracked and I need a new fan. I was aghast after all the repairs. I asked if this just happened and he said because I didn't tell them about an overheating problem, they didn't look for one. When I didn't tell him about ANY of the other problems they found. So now I'm left in our 110 degree heat with no AC and an overheating car. I can't help but feel very, very disappointed and ripped off.
5	Great prices. Adam is very friendly and knowledgeable. We have gotten oil changes flushes and plan to do more work to our cars. I drive 20 miles because we trust My Car Guy more so than anyone else. Stop by the shop you wont regret it .
5	Love these guys! My first visit was for a non-working A/C. I brought it in at lunchtime on     the day before a 3-day holiday weekend. They were able to get a new compressor and cabin filter installed quickly and for a reasonable price. They stayed late to get it working for me by the end of the day, so I would have A/C for the 110 degree 3-day weekend. My air now blows colder than it has in years. Since then, I went in for a really weird electrical problem which required me to get an  occasional jump start. They troubleshot it to find a bad parking-light relay that was causing an intermittent short and replaced it, which turned out to be a very inexpensive fix. It's really nice getting a follow-up phone call from Adam to make sure my car is still running fine. I am so happy to have found a super nice, highly competent, fairly priced, honest mechanic.
