4	Brand new place. Ordered the burger and sp fries. Burger was fantastic, fries were sparse and a little under cooked, but the burger more than made up for it. Great happy hour specials like a 22 oz draft for $3 and long happy hours. Even better than PTs. Nice looking place, plenty of tvs. The bartender was friendly and attentive. I'll be back.
5	Went in to the GAP and had the KC Burger. Great burger and great atmosphere. This is a good place to go and hang out if you are a local to LV and want to watch a few games on their huge tv's.
5	The interior is completely redone and it looks nice. Lots of tvs, granite bar tops, nice tables and they still have the pool table! They have a great happy hour everyday and their menu is extensive. I ordered the wings, GAP combo (choice of pizza and salad 8$) and my boyfriend had the American sliders.The pizza was the best. I got chicken pesto and the dough was soo good. The wings were crispy, which I like. The fries are fresh you can tell they make them from scratch. The sauce on the sliders was different, I'm not sure how I feel about it. the waitress/bartender was super friendly and always kept my drink filled. She also remembered what I liked, which was nice.
5	Upscale Pub. Completely new inside. TVs everywhere! Staff was very attentive and friendly. The Food is very good!  Not just the normal Bar/Pub stuff.  And our food came out quickly. Very good. Will probably make this our go to place.
2	Not very good in my opinion.  Bar was not even packed but yet it took a while to get a beer.  It wasn't the waitresses fault because I could see the bartenders just walking around and talking.  Food was horrible.  Appetizer was the homemade tater tots.    Seemed like they burn them and then serve them to you.  Had the cowboy something burger.  Can't even remember the name.  The bun was dry and fell apart after a few bites.  The brisket inside was tuff and dry.  Prices are a little higher than normal bars.  $24.00 for  3 margaritas that didn't seem like they had any alcohol.  The only good thing about this place was the waitress. Very friendly and cheerful.   I wouldn't be surprised if I see this place on bar rescue within the next few years.   Sorry guys but I won't be back.
5	I've lived in Vegas for 23 years and used to the Old Vegas Hospitality, when I visited bars.In the last several years the big corporations started buying up all the good bars. The rest were mediocre. Before this, the bar was run by different owners. I went in one time, walked through, and immediately left. There was no place to sit and the music was crap.The Great American Pub opened last week. I have pretty much been in every night. I wanted to wait until I could give it a review.I love it! The new owners totally renovated the place. There is now a full bar instead of a half bar. In addition to that, tables surround the place! Plenty of space for people to sit. No matter where you sit, there's a TV to watch. They also have a huge projection screen that they can pull down for big games! The service is by far the best in the immediate area! It's tucked between 2 other bars which are not so great. The sign reads, "Gaming, Spirits, Hospitality." Basically explains the place! I have never been treated so well! The food is by far the best in Vegas! Even if I lived in Lake Las Vegas, Centennial Hills, or northeast Las Vegas, I'd take the drive to come here. I must add, I hate driving in this town, but well worth the drive. They have way better, selections for beer & liquor than most bars in the area. There's a lot to be said about a bar that is busy all the time! I've been in for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and late night drinks... There is always people in there.Most bars and pubs in Vegas only cater to gamblers. This place is different. They give equal service to all the patrons! I bar hopped on Saturday night, and wanted a good view of the bars in the area. Only this bar, and my last regular bar did I get the service I expect! They have an underground parking area under the bar, which is great for the Vegas summer weather. I have finally found, a home away from home. I can't wait until this bar opens more locations!In addition to service, excellent food, great drinks, they also have wonderful music!  The best part is, there's a jute box with even better selections. If you're a fan of Golden Tee, the newest machine in the area. Or, if you like to play pool, they have a great pool table!The first word on the sign, is Great. This is the Greatest Bar in Las Vegas!
5	My girlfriend and I came into the pub for dinner and a drink after work.  It was busy and had a great atmosphere; a ton of TVs and multiple different sports games on.  We were greeted right away and our waitress was super friendly.  We ordered an appetizer which came out quickly, thank god cause we were starving.  It was awesome, clams with sausage, tomato and fennel.  So unique and so good!  The cocktail menu selection was clever and their Brooklyn Lager beer, yum.  The owner came by to introduce himself and ask how our meal was; everyone was very attentive to ensuring we had a great experience.  Our drinks were never left dry and server was so friendly.  Great service and great food!  We will definitely be back again!
4	This place is Fantastic! It has a good vibe, everyone seems willing to make sure you're well taken care of. Alot of the food items taste amazing and this is exactly the type of place we need in this neighborhood
5	Food never frozen. All sauces homemade. Awesome place. And bomb staff. I actually work here. And couldnt be more excited to be part of such an awesome team. Come see Queen for late night Happy Hour. #getsome. Chef Joes menu is off the hook. Lobster Mac is our most popular. Mmm..
4	The happy hour (2-6) GAP Combo-$8 salad and your choice of pizza, is SOOO good. The pesto chicken pizza is my favorite!
5	We visited the Great American Pub for the first time.  The food was great and the service was super!  We had wings and the chopped salad, and enjoyed both.  Thanks Christina!  The Great American Pub is going on our short list of fun places.
5	We checked this place out yesterday and ended up singing with strangers ...wow is that a FUN bar! Feels like spring break in there! It doesn't look like much from the outside but you HAVE to stop in ! The food was great, I have never had a chicken wing quite like this!!!! Service-awesome. There is gaming although we don't gamble ... please try this new bar - I really really really don't want it to close! It just seems too good to be true FUN BAR
1	If you smoke this is a great place my eyes were burning the minute I walked in the door
2	When you walk in this place the set up is really nice for watching games and big parties. They have a lot of  machines for gambling. The drink specials are impressive.The food is ok, the sliders were nothing memorable. The fries were pretty good. The street tacos are tasty. The pizza was blah. It didn't do anything for me. The server we had was terrible. And we when we got up to order drinks at the bar then we got her attention, and she came and asked us what we wanted. Never came by to refill waters or to see if we wanted anything else.I wil try and give this place another try, but maybe just sit at the bar to get better service.
3	This place is an average bar in Las Vegas. It's somewhat filled with smoke which sucks. The waitresses came around just enough; Bloody Mary wasn't very good. Vodka tonics were ok. We ordered sliders. Came out cold and didn't have much sauce to them. They would have been better if they were warm. The sweet potatoes fries didn't look good but they were good which was nice. My friend got the waffle fries and they tasted like vegetable oil and in the light you could see the greasy shimmer - but it's bar food, what to be expected. My friend ordered a sandwich at the same time as we did, the kitchen burnt it so the waitress said she sent it back before he even got it. He got his food after we were already done with ours. At least he was compensated a beer for the wait. This place is ok- I wouldn't drive out of my way to visit but it was an exit away so we gave it a try. Comparable to a PTs.
3	We went here several times when it was 215 Saloon but we wouldn't frequent it because it was always too smokey.  That seemed to be the general opinion of our group of friends.  Now that it is The Great American Pub, I have been here with the guys a couple times and it was a good spot to grab a beer.  Service was adequate.  Not great but not horrible.  We came back tonight and brought the wives for dinner and drinks.  The bar was really warm (not sure if the AC broken).  The service was really slow and infrequent.  We even joked that we should take a picture of the waitress and post it under the definition of apathy! The beer was cold and the pizza was good...those are the upside.  The Medium chicken wings we ordered came out plain without sauce.  When we pointed it out to the waitress, instead of taking them back and tossing them in sauce she just brought out some in a cup....sad!  The music was too loud and the bar got smokey to the point that we left and went around the corner to BW3 so we could have a conversation and not smell like smoke.  After going to the Great American Pub, we decided that we will do happy hours with our friends at Tivoli Villiage where they seem to value and want to take better care of their customers.
5	This place has recently opened up and if you live in vegas and haven't been here yet, get here! Awesome prices, great atmosphere. The ideal go to spot. Needs more exposure an that's it. Hope to see this place thrice and succeed. High quality chairs and bar, 21 tvs, pool and a full bar. All yelpers should come here and blow this place up and tell everybody to come! Just opened so business is slow but it can be amazing! Loved everything about this bar, definitely one of my go to local spots! Come try it out!
5	Great place to go to for a Friday night / Sunday brunch / or middle of the week get away!! Food & drinks are outstanding!! Atmosphere is awesome!! Plenty of TVs, bar space & tables. The crowd is also great!! Crowd is lively but not loud enough to where you can't hear the person right next to you talk.I would highly recommend this pub to both friends & family, next time I'm in Vegas, I will def be spending some time here!!
5	I absolutely love it here!The staff is always nice, especially Phill & the chef, the woman with the glasses. I recommend getting the 8oz baseball sirloin! SO JUICY. I usually replace my spinach for mashed potatoes. & if you get the woman chef, she definitely gives you more than enough & everything is always cooked to perfection.Happy hour specials give you good choices too.
5	Awesome place! Ask for Missy most amazing person!:-) Food was good but service was absolute the best!
5	I swing by this place every time I go to the gym and I finally decided to give it a try. This food is amazing! Finally a menu that isn't the same old garbage you find at every other bar. The tater tots are amazing and I've been craving them since I tried them. I will definitely be coming back here just for the menu! Special thanks to Chris, who explained every question I had about the food and saw to it that the service was perfect.
1	I was pretty excited to check out this place since I just moved down the street. Unfortunately, the bartenders were more concerned with paying out their guests that were cashing out instead of getting me a drink for over 10 minutes. The food all sounded good on the menu but everything was extremely bland tasting & not fresh or properly seasoned. Would have no reason to go back! Don't waste your time.
5	This bar is nothing like the previous bar, they made a massive renovation ! The bar is in the middle, more gaming machines. Plus , a great 50% happy hour! Which I wasn't even aware of till I ordered. The staff was friendly, only my second time there. And, I'll definitely be back for a beer or two and to feed some machines.
5	It's a great place for America.  2 dollar drafts during football.   Calimari.  Lamb sliders. The last goes on and on.    Open always.  Shoot pool or shoot the bull it's a very friendly spot.  Plenty of seating for gamers and non gamers alike.
5	Amazing place for food, drinks and atmosphere! Staff is very attentive and friendly! Great happy hours! Highly recommend!
3	I went here because a friend of my husband's was having his birthday here during Sunday night football.The bar was very accommodating of our large party and the service was great. The server came by regularly to fill beers abc check on us. This also seems to be a great place to catch some football games as there are plenty of TVs in the place. You could watch football from any area of the bar. The food was just kind of so so. I tried the cheese pizza and it was ok. Kind of generic, a little greasy. Additionally I had the sliders. They were small burgers with a pickle ands one onion strings. They were better than the pizza but definitely on the dry side. The French fries looked and tasted fresh cut. They were definitely the star though it's not hard to mess up salty potatoes in my book. Pretty much standard bar menu and quality food. I would definitely return for another party and/or to catch some games.
1	I believe Chris is the part owner or manager at this place and is probably the most unprofessional person I have ever met in my life. This guy thinks it's funny to talk down to people and tell racists jokes publically while behind the bar. This husky balding little man will give you an awful experience. STAY AWAY!!!
5	This bar is awesome! The food here isn't your typical bar food, don't get me wrong they have all of your bar food favorites but everything tastes much much better. (I recommend the burgers or the chicken breast sandwich but you can't go wrong with anything on the menu) The bartenders are always friendly and attentive too. Happy hour deals are great, both in taste and deal wise. For the late night happy hour Queen makes some mouth watering pizzas and breakfast burritos, it's always a plus in my book when you get to see and talk to the person cooking your food. The late night bartenders, Paul and Phil, always keep your waters/ soft drinks topped off and are always attentive to your drink status, no waiting for service here.
3	My wife and I have a time share just down the street and we are always looking for a nice place to eat and catch a game. We really liked the atmosphere, the food, the location, the service, and the plethora of TV's. The only downside is that it is not a nonsmoking establishment. Having lived in CA for the last 40 years I'm not accustomed to enjoying dinner and inhaling cigarette smoke at the same time or same venue. The food was fantastic with the exception of the french fries. My wife had a burger thst she said was delicious and I had the fish and chips where the fish was amazing. The fries left a lot to  be desired for both of us.The beer selection was pretty decent. They featured several local craft beers as well as some solid craft beers from out of state (they had Moose Drool on tap from Big Sky Brewing in Missoula, MT which is as solid a brown craft beer as is available). As Vegas and Henderson continue to welcome more breweries I look forward to seeing what they will tap here.I foresee us going back again next year when we are at our time share for a couple hockey games.In short, if you like sports, good food, good beer, and don't mind smoke I would highly suggest The Great American Pub.
