5	One of my all time favorite Chinese takeout places!  I have moved away from Madison and still crave the food.  My sister and I would eat there at least once a week and every time I come home I make it a point to stop here.  I recommend the vegetarian broccoli dish and my sister is obsessed with General Tso's Chicken. I also love hot Jasmine tea they have for you while you wait.  Perfect to cut through the crisp (emphasis) Wisconsin air. ;)  If you are looking for a great takeout place look no further!
5	Hands down the #1 Chinese takeout in the city.  Although each location has its own menu everything I have had is great! They have lunch and dinner combos that are very reasonable and include rice and an egg roll.  My favorite is the sesame chicken special but they have great tofu options of you're into that.  They say 15 minutes for pick regardless of the day or time but usually have it ready is just over 10.  Anything off the full dinner menu could easily be split by two or be saved for leftovers.  Or if you are a big guy like me or just downright hungry, you could easily power through the whole thing.I'm actually getting hungry for it again just writing this.
5	This location is proof that not all franchises are the same.  I'm not a huge fan of most Chinese food locations; it's not something I typically crave.  But after a coworker told me about this place, I can't get it out of my mind.They have all of the typical Chinese dishes - sesame chicken (yummy), General Tso's chicken (wow), beef vegetable (delish), Lo mein (I'm going to need a minute to myself), and well, you get the idea.It's strictly take out, and they offer two sizes - "lunch" and "dinner."  The lunch is more than enough for two normal eaters.  I'm somewhat ashamed to say that I have consumed an entire "dinner" portion on my own (it's not one of my prouder moments).They don't typically ask for your name when you order; and they're always prompt with the preparation - I've never waited more than 10 minutes for an order.So, while Chang Jiang is a franchise, this location is far from ordinary or pedestrian.  It's really, really good.  Take it from a non-Chinese food fan.  I normally avoid/run from the other Chinese take out places... but I run to this particular Chang Jiang.Tip: ask for a side of hot sauce.  It'll liven up any of their dishes.  Yum!
5	Im in town 8 times a year for the past 4 years. I've eaten at all the Chang jiang in Madison area..   The food is absolutely amazing, tasty and addictive.  Their brown sauce taste very unique in a good way different than any other Chinese cuisine I've been.  They are a carry out place, wish they had an actual dine in area.   Forget all those other Chinese fancy dine in place.   Chang jiang tops them all.
2	Meh. We ordered quite the smorgasbord & I wasn't delighted with anything. My veggie roll was large but not very tasteful, same goes for my boyfriend's shrimp roll. The Crab Rangoon was lacking in any filling- I felt like I was biting into deep fried air! Our veggie moo shu was boring & had no egg in it? The wraps for the moo shu made me feel like I was eating paper. The bf ordered General Tso's chicken & said it was decent. I wouldn't order from this place again unless I had no other choices...
5	For American style Chinese, you can't get a much better value than this. Very solid takeout with humongous portions. I recommend the fried dumplings in particular. Very thick and  nice.
3	I had a crave for chinese food today and after reading good reviews about this location I went ahead and placed an order.I had the combination plate C26 (General Tso Chicken) since some yelpers raved about this dish and to be honest, I liked the sauce but I didn't like it had so much breading I could not even taste the chicken inside (if there was any). The accompaniments were a pork fried rice (that was tasty) and a pork egg roll (same as  most other chinese places) very chewy and a bland flavor. My hubby had the #66 (Kung Bo chicken) and he said there wasn't anything exciting about it. I really don't know if we will order again from this place.
5	Best American style Chinese food in Madison. As a New Yorker I know good Chinese food and this is it. I haven't found a place that has the flavor, style and consistency of this place. Love the rice, ribs and egg rolls. Nothing to write home about visually but that's what these kind of fast food Chinese joints should look like.
4	This place suffers the same infliction as so many other american/chinese restaurants (by this I mean the EXACT SAME MENU as every other place! really kind of funny. It's like they have a big conference every so often and unanimously decide to create the same dishes... that or perhaps they are all under control by the Chinese Mafia! Oh my I may have just stumbled about the greatest secret in this century... ok maybe not... enough joking, back to the review.).With that said, the folks here do an excellent job and are nice people. My favorite is the dragon and phoenix (a mix of garlic shrimp and general tao's chicken with various vegetables) and I normally order wonton soup (the broth has turned out very watery sometimes but that hasn't been typical) and my wife goes for the sesame chicken and singapore noodle dish (I think that is the name but it doesn't appear on the online menu. It is a noodle dish with a yellow curry sauce with shrimp, chicken (and pork too perhaps) and variety of veggies. Keep in mind that like most of these type of restaurants it is more family style so sharing is nice. The place is not sit down, just a take out.I have to get this off my chest, I don't like their lo mein (veggie, combo, etc.). The flavor just seems off to me.Finally, this Chang Jiang is the BEST one. I tried another one and it did not have the same quality as the Meadowood location.
5	This place is definitely the best Chinese take out in Madison! I'm a pretty tough critic as far as Chinese take out goes, so I'm glad to have finally found a place in town that I'm willing to eat at. Big note here. They close before Yelp or Google lists. They're part of a chain of similar named restaurants, but they run themselves and function differently. The food is better than the other locations and the hours are shorter. I tried to submit a time change, but Yelp hasn't responded. I believe it was an hour and half earlier for  closing time than what is listed. Either way, I suggest calling to double check.I went under the impression that they were open. Turns out they hadn't shut the lights off, locked the doors, or anything else, but had cleaned and broken everything down. We went in to order and they didn't mention being closed. My boyfriend and I  had a feeling what was going on so we asked. They said they had closed, but they were more than willing to make our food. We tried insisting that we could go elsewhere and it would be absolutely no problem, but they insisted back. So we ordered. 10 minutes later and we had steaming hot, delicious smelling food and the entire staff jumped into their cars. Thanks guys! You definitely have my business!
