4	Came by this restaurant and boy were my cultural eyes opened.  They had many strange and fascinating items from south of the border.  The first is called a taco. (tah-ko) A curved fried shell with beef, lettuce and cheese.  Next was a burrito. (boo-ree-toe) An unfried, rolled shell with beef, lettuce and cheese.  Then a tostada. (toe-sta-dah) A flat, fried shell with beef, lettuce and cheese.  I can't even describe the fish taco, it blew my mind.  All kidding aside, a clean, good, fast-food restaurant.
4	Oh Del Taco, when I lived in California you were a saviour for those late night munching feasts..And you prove to be the same for those late night Las Vegas nights on the drive back from the casino to our hotel.. I love you chicken burrito WITH special sauce and your crinkle fries.. And don't forget the Mr. Pibb! Sigh..
5	FREAKING AMAZING!  Probably because I REALLY wanted Del Taco!
3	Meh. Not my favorite Del Taco, but it will do. Food was hot and just ok. For fast food its decent.
5	If you have never eaten at a Del Taco, eat there when you go out west. They are all over Vegas and Los Angeles, and for fast food-- awesomeness and yumminess. Cheap and fast, as expected. I live in Virginia, and Del Taco haunts my dreams.
1	They have the most rude manager ever! They always talk rudely in the back. They tell you to leave when you don't order right away. I love Del Taco but I won't put up with these people again.
5	Love this del taco location the food is always fresh the customer service is great and the food is always made on time and they never once messed up my orders each time I came here.
4	In the past...our experience with this del taco hasn't been good..but the last time we visited it was so on point...drive through did it all right...as of right now..we will eat there again...Ty for the reborn experience!!!
4	this is an update on the last review...again great service from the drive thru. I didnt have to ask for any extra stuff with my meal. Drive thru worker (host) Guillermo was on point and did a good job expediting my order...just want to give him proper recognition for insuring i had a good meal. my order was a dinner order and it took place on Nov 15th 2013 at 642pm. Once again del taco goes the job right and puts most drive thru fast food resturants to shame!
4	Fast! Fresh! Friendly.. Don't need to say more
4	Its Del Taco.  Better than Taco Bell by far, and really good.This location in particular, is awesome.  They are always fairly quick, and have never messed up an order...and we do a lot of "special" things, like "no special sauce" on one taco, and sour cream on another...I love the value menus...this is a great location.
4	Del taco is a solid fast food restaurant for sure. They have a great value menu. The restaurant was very clean and the staff was quite friendly. The chicken soft tacos are incredible as are their chicken quesadillas. I wasn't a fan of their chilli cheese fries. They are located all over Vegas and out west. It's def a must try when you get the craving for quick tacos. I'm still addicted to Taco Bell tho but del taco can be a healthy alternative. Enjoy
2	Las Vegas is stuck in 1989.  The people who work at these places don't understand why someone would want to sit down and use a laptop computer for an hour or so... Hello!.... You guys offer free wi fi.... So, the people who live in 2014, may want to use their computer and the internet. This store has Blocked all the electrical sockets so, you can't plug in your laptop. The Del Taco in Los Angeles welcomes laptop users. Las Vegas thinks you are strange if you spend time using a computer...
3	I've always used the drive through at this location, in the morning time. Have never had any problems. Customer service always good. Order always correct. Sounds like 5 stars or close to it, right? Well this morning, I am hungry, and opt for a classic chicken burrito. No lettuce. Extra cheese. Extra chicken. All was well until I was about 1/3 of the way into it and I look down and notice I was eating a burrito with RAW chicken. I called the store and spoke with a manager named Maria. She was so so, offered to have me come back and make another burrito. I declined for obvious reasons and stated I was now at work and cannot come back. I told her I just wanted my money back for the burrito. She said she would like me to bring it back so she can see and speak with her cooks about it because they might not believe her. Really? Ok. I kind felt like she was calling me a liar. I told her that I've been cooking for years and I'm pretty sure I know raw chicken when I see it and she should talk to her cook immediately so other patrons aren't served raw chicken. So I inform her I am not off until 4pm, she tells me to come in after work, with the burrito, and she will update the manager on duty at that time of the situation.So fast forward to about 5pm. I come back with my burrito from the AM. The gal at the register initially was nice and gets the manager or shift supervisor who then  leaves whatever she was helping to cook and  walks up nonchalantly to the register, she then proceeds to throw the burrito in the trash (WITHOUT EVEN LOOKING AT IT, doesn't wanna see the photo on my phone either), gives me back $6 and then gives me back my receipt copy (after I have to ask for it). Did she talk to me once during the transaction? Nope. Just kept her head down and talked to the register (no it didn't answer back). Had i received better customer service in response to bringing raw chicken to their attention,  I probably would've rated this store higher. The reason I give even 3 starts after a raw chicken experience is because my past experiences here have always been pleasant.
5	Best Fast Food Mexican on the West Coast! $1 for Double Beef Taco, and $1 for strawberry lemonade. Can feed 2 people for under $10 easy!!
