3	Great place for a drink after work.  Killer bar food.  The mac and cheese is to die for.
4	Love love love Nixon's.  I'm a big fan of the political commentary, quotes and humor all around the place.  But the rest of it is great too.  Wonderful dark wood tables and booths.  I almost hadn't realized there was an upstairs the first few times I went - even though it's a small place.  Has the feeling of a neighborhood pub in many ways.Service has always been great too.  One bartender even let me surf through one of her drink encyclopedia's to see if I could find something to inspire me.  Only problem now is that I totally loved the drink and no one else seems to know what it is by the name in the book.  (Greenie Meanie - Anyone?  Anyone???)  Food is more yummy that I'd anticipated too.  I've tried several things (Wanted to get names but I have no memory and they have no menu online) and they were all quite good.  Special note - they are closed on Sundays.  I've been there several times when I wanted to go after catching a Sunday movie and I've wondered why they looked closed.  Now I know.  Other than that they are open 11am-2am M-F and 4pm-2am on Saturday.
5	During the Superbowl many people who don't attend or host a party search for the perfect bar to enjoy the game. With the U.S. Presidential Election bearing down on the county, those of us who know, go to Nixon's to watch the results roll in, the biggest party in town. I was there in 2000, as the place was flooded with Democrats, Republicans, Libertarians, Independents, etc. I was there to see Gore win, then to be withdrawn. I was there when Bush beat Kerry too. If you were there, Nixon's is what a sports bar is on game night, a big game night; it's the U.S. Presidential Election, the Superbowl of politics!This November 4th, I won't be there though, as NIXON'S BAR HAS BEEN CLOSED. All the best to Phil, we'll miss your place!
3	Yep, I saw this top the board and I had to write about it despite its unfortunate fate.Inigo is right, this place was GREAT and just the type of weighty bar that would have thrived in any other city.  If there is a resurrection of any kind having to do with this bar, along with the political theme and weeknight (D) meetings from the Napolitano office, then please people, support it.This place was to Phoenix what The Cloak Room http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-cloak-room-austin is to Austin.
