4	This local wine bar is a great place to relax with your friends. The wines are good and the pours generous. Thy have a fantastic selection of meats and cheeses, plus salads and panini's. As a new business they are constantly tweaking their offerings which usually means samples of yummy things - last might it was wine smoothies :) The management are knowledgeable and welcoming. Altogether a great addition to Goodyear!
5	Fantastic! Great place to grab a tall glass of wine, great appetizers, and even dessert! The atmosphere is relaxing and the hummus is outstanding! The cappuccino and the espresso are magnificent!
4	Great place to go for a "nightcap"!  Not a place for a meal but nice social setting place for quiet conversation or to listen to some music.
5	I don't know anything about wine, but I like to support any business that moves into the area so I though I'd check this Gigino's out.The ambiance is good and the night we went there was a live guitar player that was really good. He played almost the entire time we were in the restaurant. The food was fantastic, in fact probably the best quality food I've had in the city of Goodyear. The hummus was great (and free, thanks to a coupon that came in the mail) as was the warm pita bread. The hummus is a house recipe that is made on site. For dinner we got one of their boards and everything was great. It was a combination of your choices of meat, cheeses and bread that was of the highest quality and tasted fantastic. I also had the wine that was recommended by the waiter, which was a good fit.Gigino's is really a one of a kind place in Goodyear and hopefully they will be around for a long time.
5	Anyone who lives in Phoenix's west valley knows that our side of the hood isn't exactly, err, bustling with independent local businesses. Everywhere you look it's big box stores and chains, and while many of the employees are lovely and personable, they're just not invested like they are in good old mom and pop shops. Enter Gigino's. Owned by a REAL DEAL Italian dude and his lovely wife, this place has some CRAZY good food. I'm fairly picky when it comes to my eats, so I don't say this lightly -- they made the BEST panini I've ever had in my life. Let me back up and set the stage for you a bit. I came here with my husband on his birthday, intending to have a glass of wine and some tapas -- the valpack coupon offering a free hummus drew me in. We entered this restaurant/wine bar, which is nicely decorated and has a variety of fun different seating options (you can eat at the piano!!!), and were surprised to find it fairly empty on a Thursday evening. Happy hour was going on, so we enjoyed some $5 bruschetta, a glass of their house wine special for me, and a big craft beer for the birthday man. The Italian owner, whose name I can't recall, was very attentive and chatty without being overbearing, and when he found out it was my man's birthday, he proceeded to bring us two comp glasses of champagne. Nice! After enjoying our sips and snack, we decided to dive in to the paninis. We ordered two -- one with prosciutto, sun dried tomatoes, and a few other things I can't recall which was great, and one manchego cheese, some type of delicious meat, fig jam, and pears, grilled on sourdough that was out-freakin-standing. Oh. My. Goodness. Eat this right now. I savored every bite of this panini and told pretty much everyone I know and work with about it. For dessert, we had a pastry with nutella which was also tasty, but didn't compare to the panini. Overall, I'm a huge fan of this place. Great service, authentic people and food, AND locally owned. I sure hope they make it here, because I am looking forward to years of paninis. Mmm!
5	YEAH!!! A wonderful and cozy little wine bar just around the corner from home with a warm and genuine owner-operator staff that are more worried that you have a pleasant experience than giving you a check and the door.  A constantly changing wine list with suggestions and pairings that come from a staff that learn to know your likes and dislikes.  Want to buy a bottle but don't want to get a DUI on the way home?  They'll mark your bottle and keep it there for you or recork it for the ride home.  The food is all fresh ingredients with well matched flavors.  Love it!!!
4	Love this place! Hubby and I stopped in for happy hour and enjoyed the company at the bar. The owners were working and we enjoyed talking with them. They had a great wine selection as well as a delicious cheese board. We will definitely be back!
5	Fantastic! Great place to grab a tall glass of wine, great appetizers, and even dessert! The atmosphere is relaxing and the hummus is outstanding! P.S. The cappuccino and the espresso is also delicioso!
4	Great place to go for a "nightcap"!  Not a place for a meal but nice social setting place for quiet conversation or to listen to some music.
5	Another great local family owned small business find.  I just happened to be driving back from LA was hungry checked my around me app and found this little jewel.  Fantastic wine list great lite bites met the owner and her (willing to work harder than most adults I know) kids.  Loved the piano playing in the back ground.  It is not often in AZ you find this kind of stuff, with out spending an arm and a leg.  In this time of financial uncertainty Christy and her family are making it work.  If you live or are visiting the Goodyear area for Spring training a wedding or what ever reason please check this place out.   It is small businesses like this that keep our country running.My personal thought please leave your kids at home this is very much an adult night out kind of place
2	While it is really awesome to have a locally owned place like this on our side of the valley, I hope they improve their food!  I'm no Gordon Ramsey or Robert Irvine, but I do know delicious food when I taste it (I've traveled the world and have tried many a tasty bites locally as well).The wine selection and wines themselves were very good.  I had a really tasty peach bellini and my friend enjoyed two different glasses of white wine during our time there.  But this review (the two stars) is more for the food.  Happy hour bruschetta (tomato, olive oil, & pecorino):  Pretty tasty, but could have used either balsamic or a bit of onion because it was lacking flavor.  Also, the bread used was clearly not higher end.Happy hour bruschetta (brie, almonds, honey):  Now this one was very very good!  I"m not a brie fan, but I found this one to have a nice amount of flavor and the almonds added a good amount of crunch.  Italian Beef and Artichoke Panini:  Another huge let down.  I thought this one would be very flavorful due to the artichokes.  But sadly, they were jarred and had that jarred flavor that just doesn't seem right.  If they had been fresh, it would have made a huge difference!  I wouldn't have expected jarred to have ended up on this sandwich at such a nice place.  Also, the bread they use is not a true sourdough, but exactly like a loaf of white bread one would buy at the grocery store...not quite Wonderbread, but very similar.  It had the Panini grill marks, but because the bread wasn't fresh or true sourdough, the sandwich again just came off as cheap...and it was a $14 sandwich!!!!!!!Brie and Apple Panini (my friend's):  I didn't want to take a bite of this one.  But she really liked hers because of the flavor the brie gave it.  She also had an issue with the cheap store bough bread though.  Nutella filled croissant:  Okay, so we told each other this had better not be store bought before we got it.  It was!  But it at least didn't taste as inexpensive as the paninis and the bruschetta bread did.I hate coming on here and writing a review like this for a local business.  But the thing is, we had much higher expectations for the food because it is a wine bar and they are charging a fairly large amount for food that should be using homemade or more high-end ingredients.  I understand they are probably charging more because of the expensive meats and cheeses they are using, but using the cheap bread and jarred artichokes honestly took away from a sandwich that should have tasted more rich.  Don't dumb down the food at a place like this and charge the amount you are charging.  If I do come back, it will only be for the wine.And please, please, please take down the twinkle lights.  My friend and I enjoyed sitting at the bar and really liked the local art hung on the walls, but the twinkle lights (that had half the strings out and not working) cheapened such a nice place.
1	This place is out of business!  Proof that people in Goodyear wont pay $10 for a Panini.
