5	For a tiny diner, the food is outstanding. Tater tots done to perfection, the breakfast burrito is worth driving miles for and "Big Rig Burger" is second to none.  It's worth stopping in even if you don't have a "Big Rig".
5	I've eaten here a number of times since retiring to the Phoenix area, My drivers loved this place and now I understand why. The kitchen is small, but the food is first-rate. Even if you're not driving a "big rig," the food is good enough to go out of your way for. Today, I had the "Daily Special," a carne asada burrito. My friend had the quesadilla. Both came with homemade refried beans and spanish-style rice. Drinks were Coca-Cola products. Portion sizes were excellent and the drinks were bottomless. With tip, lunch for two was under $20.00. I can also recommend the homemade chips and salsa, the "Grande Burrito" for breakfast and the "Big Rig Burger." I can honestly say I've never had a bad meal here.For Truckers: a) If you're addicted to chrome, they have a HUGE chrome shop; the biggest I've seen west of the Iowa 80 (truckers will know what I'm talking about). They have a repair shop and a radio shop. They also wash and wax your rig by HAND!!. The price is reasonable and my drivers swore by their work;b) The showers are CLEAN and HUGE. Danny's gives you a washcloth and a couple of towels. It's worth the $10;c) Parking ain't cheap.  In fact, they now only sell parking spaces on their lot for 24 hrs. It's better than the Flying J across the street (the "J" has a "no dropped trailers" policy). Danny's does allow dropped trailers and they do have a security patrol (in a golf cart). My guys used to drop their trailers (with a pin lock and glad hand locks) and bobtail to Walmart (on 75th Ave) to stock up on groceries. Truckers, BEWARE!! Phoenix, AZ has a 9.3% (6.6% state + 2.7% local) sales tax on all non-edible items and even a 1.5% food tax on groceries!!
1	Save your money guys. This pace is well kept and clean but... food not so much, way over priced for the poor food quality/quantity. Your better off finding a taco truck near by or heck just goto Denny's, you won't be as disappointed there.
