2	My husband decided to surprise me with flowers the day before Valentine's Day, so he stopped at McDonald on the way home from the office.  The flower arrangement itself was beautiful, however within two days the flowers started to die.  We contacted the shop and they told us we would need to bring the flowers back in order to replace them (there was no guarantee that they would be replaced)In the past we have ordered flowers from Cactus Flowers, a similar situation came about and without any questions asked Cactus Flowers delivered a new arrangement.  We will not be shopping at McDonald again, instead Cactus has our business for life.
1	I unfortunately had the same experience as the other reviewer, I bought flowers for my wife and they died within a day or two.  Scary how similar my experience with the staff was.  They were rather rude regarding their poor flower selection and life of their flowers.  I definitely will not do business with them again.  Thomas H and Aurora E posted on the same day right after the "owners" response using very similar language and typing skills; i.e. using caps for a number of words and the poor grammar is the same.  That is a little suspect but I know it happens on yelp.  It's rather sad this company has to stoop to such low levels.  You would think they would just apologize and want to offer good customer service instead of quoting policy over and over.  In the "owners" 357 word response, not a single "sorry" or "we will do better" or "we will make it right" comment.  Nothing but a long winded explanation about what their policy is and why they are like Macy's (ironic that Macy's actually has amazing customer service and would probably be upset knowing this flower shop is comparing their lack of customer service to Macy's).  I think that is very telling about the owner's and staff at this shop.I love supporting local business, but not ones that act like you should be thankful for doing business with them, it should be the other way around.
5	When I wanted to send an arrangement to a friend at Barrow Neurological Institute, I opted to choose a local florist rather than FTD, and I am so glad I did.  The owner was so incredibly helpful that I will never use another florist.  Let me explain.I called the hospital to get my friend's room number.  I asked the representative if my friend could have flowers in her room, to which he replied, "Yes".  At that point I called McDonald and placed the order.  The florist called me later that day saying that the hospital refused delivery since my friend was in ICU, but they would keep checking back, as if she was moved to a recovery room, they could make the delivery.They were unable to make the delivery for a week and a half, but the florist kept me up to date every few days.  When my friend was released, the florist called me saying they would re-make the arrangement, since it had to sit for so long.  I asked if they would delivery to my friend's east valley residence, and they did for a very reasonable fee.I love these guys.
2	Wasn't particularly thrilled with my experience here. Went yesterday, in a rush to pick up a small bear as a gift for a friend's young daughter who was down the road at the Phoenix Children's Hospital. I expected it to be a little busy. It wasn't particularly busy, maybe about ten people all up. Fortunately, I found what I wanted quickly. First problem, there were apparently two "locations" in the store for checkouts, and one of them was very cramped up against the merchandise (enough for no more than two people to stand one behind the other). Not particularly good feng shui. I went to the other, which only had a couple of people in line. A lady looked at me curiously from behind the counter (I hadn't even reached the front, the person in front of me was still being served by someone else) and then took my stuffed bear. She looked at the tag, futzed around for about ten seconds, then leaned back and handed it to me and said "I'm just going to give this back to you..." Then she walked to the far rear area behind the counter and proceeded to ignore me. Talked to someone. Got a sheaf of papers. Walked around. Put down papers. Talked to someone else. I stood there, still in line, and watched her walk around. Then when she asked someone else in the store area if they needed help I realised that she had dropped me. I stopped her and asked her if there was anything that she needed from me and she just told me to wait in line and someone else would attend to me. Fair enough. Then another person leaned out and took my bear (again, bear in mind that I was still "waiting" for the others in front to be done) and laid it on the counter "ready" to be checked out. I waited. Then one person consulted with the other, both with relatively confused looks. I had no idea what was going on. It seemed like none of them had ever worked there before! One person actually offered to take off the tag (with price along with other instructions) then talked to the other to ask if they needed the tag. Turns out that their credit card system was down - figures - and I was asked to sign a printout despite choosing to pay as debit. They then advised me to check and call if there were any problems, which I took to mean that I could be doublecharged or something. Finally, at least twenty-five minutes later I was out of there. I haven't seen that much confusion since bingo night in the stroke ward. Won't be back.
1	My husband wanted to surprise me with flowers while I am home on maternity leave, he gave instruction not to ring the door bell, just in case our baby was sleeping..The man who delivered the flowers actually scared the h*ll out of me! I was nursing my baby, therefore could not come to the door and he stood there ringing and knocking on the door for 10 minutes while my dogs were going crazy. I was actually terrified to answer..I had to stop my baby from eating to see who this psycho was...when I finally figured it out after calling my husband..the guy was getting in his car.. as I was opening the door HE had the nerve to roll his eyes and act in annoyance! maybe this company needs to figure out a more beneficial delivery strategy or don't hire psychotic drivers. ..Although HE was "successful" in making his delivery..I will never recommend this company to delivery. .stick to in store pick up...nice flowers and a fussy baby..thanks a lot
5	I am surprised at the reviews for this place. I thought it was a lovely family owned and operated business with quick and courteous customer service.  They got together a great bouquet I personally selected.  The store is wonderful to look around and we had a great time picking out something for a birthday.  I thought they were wonderful.  Enjoyed my time here.
5	I needed a plan to bring my wife's spirits up. Hmmm I thought maybe flowers?? But it had to be fast so I called the florist and asked them if they could help me? They not only provided fast service. They actually got delivered to her early. Yay!! And the flowers were perfect and super fresh. This is my first time using this florist and I could not be happier. I am  relatively new to Phoenix and I have found the perfect florist for all occasions.Thank you for helping me make my wife happy camper!!!
1	Unfortunately, I have to agree with other yelpers; the service is awful! I spoke with the owner who was impatient, rude and unhelpful. Don't plan on returning here.
