2	I had a tuna melt, a salad and a muffin to go.  The muffin was the best part.As a matter of fact, the only reason I would return would be to grab a muffin.The tuna melt was heavy.  It was fried like a grilled cheese sandwich and they put something either on the bread before frying it or on the griddle surface...so it had crunchy, salty little bits of stuff all over the bread.Salad was so-so.  The service was pretty good.Maybe this is one of those places where you just go to get your muffin on.
2	Is colon detox hype? Not if you eat at this Coco's.I wish I had a better experience at this restaurant. The food was slow to be prepared, the overall cleanliness of the restaurant was poor (bordering on unacceptable), and four hours after eating at this restaurant I became ill. The restroom was very poorly maintained, and there was a large variety of gunky junk on the table. Ok, I get it, not everyone is "Adrian Monk" when it comes to "Gunky Junk on the Table", but can we at least make an effort here? I mean, when you hand a customer a menu, make sure the menu is clean at the very least. OMG!A truly bogus experience all around. The only reason why this restaurant gets two stars is because of the waiter who was at least polite and trying to do a good job. Plus, I didn't have to pay some infomercial company for a colon detox product.
1	Went to this location and walked out not even 10 minutes later. When we walked in, we were greeted by the manager with an unintelligible grunt and a vague wave that we took as "sit wherever". We sat there for 5 minutes before anyone even acknowledged our presence. By then we were already debating whether we should stay or go. When a waitress finally showed up to our table, we were at our limit with our patience. We told her we needed a few more moments, which we used to confirm our decision to leave. On our way out, she said "change your mind folks" in a condensing and disgruntled tone. We will not be returning and I think we now understand why there weren't very many customers there.
1	Breakfast was served cold. There were only six customers in the restaurant. They had more employees then customers. Yet, they served our breakfast cold.
3	Is it weird that I really enjoy eating at Coco's in California but not in Las Vegas? It's the same damn chain but the quality of food and the cleanliness is just so different like night and day!!!I really enjoy the breakfast potatoes here...I normally get the regular breakfast plate of fried potatoes,scrambled eggs, sausage and a side of pancakes. I drink cranberry juice with my meal and buy chocolate cookies on my way out.The cookies are alright- filled with big chunks of chocolate but a few minutes out of it's plastic bag and the cookies tend to harden fast.This Coco's is right near my house and they always have coupons like buy one entree get one free ect...They are serving Pumpkin stuff right now like pumpkin nut pancakes with a dallop of pumpkin mousse. I loved the dallop of pumpkin mousse - YUMMY.... However, the pumpkin nut pancakes were alright - actually rather nutty.Service has always been helpful....The pies here taste just like Marie Calenders but Marie Calenders have more of a selection.My parents like it here so I know I'll be back....
3	for some reason we went in thinking "yay! coco's!" because we haven't been there in like ohhhh... maybe 6 years! but walked out with a carrow's bag! "like, huh!?" so anyways... me and the bf decided to go out to eat some breakfast instead cooking at home. service and food was ok. i liked it better than going to ihop or denny's. bf had eggs benedict and i have steak & eggs with pancakes! :) our plates were cleared so i guess it was worth going there.
4	It is odd to me that the reviews for this place are so horrible. I didn't think it was bad at all. I had good service when I came in with a group of 7 on a Sunday morning. They have a lot of menu items, which made it super hard to choose an entree. There are also "healthy options" throughout the menu. I ordered the strawberry fruit crepes. They were very good, but not the best ever I've ever had. The eggs and bacon were mediocre, especially the bacon, since it was really, really, really thin. We got our food in a timely manner.I want to come back because I'm interested in trying out the rest of their huge menu!
1	Went to breakfast this morning at the Henderson (9210 S Eastern Ave) location. Was my first Coco's experience and it will be my last, It was complete crap. The hostess was not friendly and acted put out. Her badge said she was the General Manager. We asked for a table, not a booth, so she puts us at a table cramped into a booth space with chairs. That wasn't the point. The table was dirty and sticky plus we had to ask for utensils and napkins. When we made our order the waitress acted annoyed that we were just ordering sides. We both got Biscuits and Gravy with a side of hash browns. I would suggest you not put them on the menu if your staff is going to act put out when people order it. I ordered coffee and ice water. It came promptly but then no one bothered to refill it until we were getting ready to leave. The food was garbage. Microwaved biscuits and that canned gravy that you can buy in bulk at Costco, tasted like they tried to Doctor it up with some cheese. My wife barely touched hers. Hashbrowns were greasy. Over all a horrible restaurant experience. Do not bother, in fact, Go to Dennys, the food and coffee are better if your looking for that kind of a meal.
2	I am being kind as this isn't a super high brow eating establishment I didn't expect much. The waitress was rude and phony, with us she acted like she was doing us a favor behind a tight smile. Meanwhile if she knew a "regular" she was all over them and asking them questions etc. Whatever.  The coffee was SO BAD I think it was there since the 1960's sheesh, we both complained and the waitress told us she has never had a complaint which was bull and by then I figured she knew it was lousy and was too lazy to fresh brew anything. The omelet was hysterically small for "3" eggs. The pancakes were fine, the potatoes were cut so tiny they were fried bits of nothing, the muffin was so dry it was sandy tasting. The lemonade was ok, ( she did offer to replace the drinks). Even with the coupon it was not worth it. Apparently the only plaace to get a good breakfast is Rainbow on Water Street in Henderson.  I doubt I'll ever go back.
1	Just bad. Thats all I can say....Bad
3	The food was descent.  I had the cinnabun french toast and my husband had the  french toast with banana and brown sugar.  For his meat, he asked for the turkey sausage and they brought him out one really small turkey patty.  The restaurant is nicely decorated, warm and inviting.  Our waitress was descent.  The one thing we didn't like is that we were only part way through our meal and the waitress brought us our check; like they were trying to rush us out even though that weren't very busy. After our check came we didn't see the waitress again and didn't get any more refills on drinks.
3	Nothing fancy, but it was fine. A step up from iHOP or Dennys. Great variety and fair prices and a very friendly waitress who worked hard. The bus person helped where needed. They were a good team.
3	This is an older restaurant, but very clean and maintained. The decor is very dated but whatever - we were looking for a cheap tasty breakfast. My husband ordered the breakfast special which was $5.99 - 2 eggs, bacon, potatoes, and toast. Very budget friendly. This will probley become our breakfast spot on this trip.
4	Our regular breakfast place was full with a line out the door so we had never been to Coco's now we have been here twice! Service both times has been great our coffee cups never empty the omelets well prepared I had the Calif the first time and the shrimp one the second. The shrimp were large and plentiful and I loved the sauce. I really like that croissants are offered and they are flaky and come with butter. Comfortable place don't need fancy.
4	Ok here is yet another one of those places that sends me coupons because I signed up with their email club (They send you a coupon for a free piece of pie on your birthday!), So I give  it a try. There are no surprises here, and that's not a bad thing. It is a step or two above fast food and a step below The Bar and Grill type of joint. So if you want a burger or a club sandwich at a reasonable price this is a good option. Look we can't go to to Strip Steak all the time. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	I had not heard of COCO's until I walked into this awesome restaurant. When I entered the facility it was clean, neat, and well organized (and still is). It has a Grade A from the Food/Health Inspector. I was promptly greeted by one of the greeters, and seated. I enjoyed every minute of their exemplary customer service giving me their undivided attention. All within 10 minutes I was greeted, seated, had my order of food on the table, and in my hands. After having my meal I was very well satisfied with food I had ordered, and is definitely worth a return trip. I give these guys a 4 out of 5. :-)
2	I almost decided on 1 star, but I went with 2 simply because my wife's food was good.  I took my family (wife + son), to Coco's because I had a 20% off coupon.  It was not busy at all, around 7pm Saturday night.  First we waited about 5 minutes standing by the front before anyone acknowledged we were there.  5 minutes isn't bad, but considering it was dead in there, I expected quicker greetings.  I ordered a Bacon Avacodo cheeseburger, no tomatoes and no sauce with mayo on the side.  My wife ordered a steak, and my son ordered chicken fingers/fries with ranch.  Our drinks were served, but we were not given straws and didn't see the waitress for another 5 minutes in order to get some straws.  My burger was not very good.  The meat tasted very plain, hardly any flavor.  The burger was missing cheese, and had tomatoes on it even though I asked for no tomatoes.  The server that brought the food asked if we needed anything else to which my wife asked for A-1 sauce.  The server said ok...well guess what another 5 minutes later we still had no A-1, so 1st opportunity my wife asked the waitress for some.  My son didn't like the chicken fingers which is crazy because that's all he eats at fast food.  My wife said the steak was ok.  Lastly, the RANCH that I had with my fries was terrible.  It was not mixed at all, I had HUGE chunks in it.  There was one chunck that took up about 60% of the cup it came in.  I had to stir it myself, and it still wasn't very good.  Overall, bad food, and worse service.  It wasn't worth the 20% off I saved from the coupon.  Anything more than free, was paying too much for this.
4	We were greeted immediately. The waitstaff was friendly and helpful.  We ordered menu items with substitutions, and it was no problem. The food came out quickly and correctly, it even tasted good.  Our waitress Trina was very nice and provided excellent customer service.  The restaurant is well kept, clean, and decorated nicely.  The restrooms were clean, however the changing table was pretty high.  I'm 5'6'' and I think I would have had problems changing my baby if I were shorter.  I'm a little nosy and I heard our waitress greet a guest by name.  She also told another guest "Say hello to your wife from me!".  I thought that was sweet.  I must add, though I don't want to get anyone in trouble, one employee was standing behind the pie counter and playing phone games... I know it was phone games because they had their phone sideways and were turning it like a car wheel or something ... it was kind of funny, but I can imagine the manager wouldn't think so. We will be back and I will add a star if this place is consistent.
4	What a cute little restaurant. I would rather eat here than Denny's or Ihop, anyday. The service is great, I've had the same waitress twice now and she is a joy to be around. She cares, she's honest and she treats EVERYONE great. The staff is fast and delightful to be around and the decor is laid back and cozy. They serve fresh and organic ingredients at a price that everyone can afford. It's a great restaurant for EVERYONE. I love it. Both times I have ordered the Breakfast Special, $6 for eggs, bacon, sausage or turkey patty, breakfast potatoes, and a choice of a muffin, toast, fruit, pancakes and a few others. The eggs are always cooked just the way you order, the bacon is crispy and not greasy, the breakfast potatoes are savory and filling and the pancakes ARE THE BEST. I LOVE their pancakes. They're sweet all on their own and with syrup they create the ultimate dynamo! No doubt I will be coming back here again and again!
3	Nice little restaurant that reminds me of a country breakfast joint.  Spacious dining room with comfortable booth seating.  Service was quick and friendly.  I got a pretty basic breakfast for $4.99, which was a value considering how much food there was - eggs, homefries, bacon, and choice of pancakes or toast.  Great deal.  The food itself was just OK.  I'd rather spend a little more and go to the Cracked Egg for their coffee cake and seasoned potatoes.  I wouldn't come out of my way for Coco's but if this is where everyone wanted to go I would definitely join.
3	Near the end of a long bicycle ride, I stopped here for breakfast.  I was immediately drawn to their seasonal menu because I saw pumpkin--multi grain pumpkin nut pancakes.  After looking at the choices, I asked by server, Trina, if I could get just the pancakes.  I really didn't want eggs and ham or bacon in addition to the pancakes.  "Of course," was her answer and she placed my order immediately.I sat at the small counter at the rear of the restaurant in what is almost a private dining room.  Trina brought me coffee quickly and she refilled my cup often.  The pumpkin nut pancakes were great and the pumpkin chiffon served on top in lieu of syrup should be renamed pumpkin crack.  It is delicious.My breakfast here was tasty, service was excellent, and I'd stop in again if I were in the neighborhood more often.
2	I actually eat here a lot with my family but will never return after the take out service I just had. Lady argued with me about the ranch I ordered. On the phone I said I would like three LARGE sides of ranch, when I get there there is enough ranch to use for maybe 5 fries so I ask for me. She then looks in my bag and says "well how much ranch do you need?!" And then proceeds to charge me 3.99 for a extra one. Sad because I like the food but will not be returning after the sarcastic rude service I received. She literally made me feel uncomfortable about ordering ranch. So stupid.
3	We called ahead for faster seating and it definitely helped. The wait was considerably less than Egg Works up the street. The food and service were both pretty good. I wouldn't recommend the bloody Mary's though. They were horrible, basically bad tomato juice and a lime.  They are really cheap, but still not really worth it.  Orange Juice wasn't really anything to cheer about either. My Pacific Scramble was good, and I also enjoyed the Gluten free pancakes. The Bf liked his corned beef hash.  Our server was Mark, and he was very attentive. All in all it was a pretty good breakfast. I'll be back. Fair warning: It's not easy to ignore the desserts cleverly displayed in the front.
4	Having the breakfast special. which come with two eggs, pancakes or toast, potatoes or has brown, and link sausage or turkey patty for $4.99 Not bad for a deal that's a lot of food!
1	Nastiest place ever !!! Servers need to work on their hygiene . Saw our waitress cleaning a table then go straight to the kitchen and make food ! I watched her the whole time and she never once washed her hands.  So gross. We will never come back to this nasty place !!!!
4	Food is good , but this place is not suitable for groups.  We had a business meeting and they sat people with small children near us , despite there was plenty of room at the other end of the restaurant. Will come here for their food if in area , but will not be having my group meetings here.
3	Had the cornbeef hash and three eggs I order my eggs over easy they came Simi hard and one egg was broken.   The line cook sucks, works in an a breakfast join and cant cook an over easy egg! The pancakes with the bananas and brown sugar were really good!  We will go back hopefully next time the line cook won't destroy the eggs!!!
4	I loved how every employee was so friendly, helpful, and attentive! The food and service was great, but the portions for the breakfast special seemed a bit small. I would have enjoyed a little more on my plate.
3	This place reminds me of Dennys. They have a versatile menu with breakfast, lunch, and dinner options, as well as a senior selection. This month they had a peach theme, so I ordered peach pancakes with eggs, bacon, sausage, and potatoes. The pancakes were nothing special just a basic cake with canned peaches. The whole meal was just ok. Bf liked his chicken fried steak. Prices were fair. Their pies looked yummy so I might be back for them.
4	This place is a great find for a family especially! Las Vegas strip can be pricey. Coco's saved the day... Great food. Good coffee (endless), friendly staff. And very reasonable. Went for breakfast, going back for dinner. A few more healthier options too. Highly recommend benedict for brekky. Kids options cheap & hearty too.
5	Got to try the "Harvest pies" recommended by a friend of mine.There are two kinds: The Apple harvest (which if my fav) and the pumpkin harvest (which is a close second). They are only available during the holiday season. a little pricey but well worth every bite and it is umm-umm "Ubbers of goodness!"
4	It was a good price and alright food. Close to our hotel. No wait time to be seated. Was comparable to Denny's but their own authentic food. We will go back to save money and not walk all the way to McDonalds. There is happy hour, and an attached liquor store. My eggs Benedict was good. Chicken fried steak was ok
1	This was one of the worst places I've been to. None of the high chairs had working straps so my son kept sliding through the opening. The service was horrible. The waitress brought part of our order wrong and we had to wait forever for the bill. Never come here again!!!
5	My family and I went on a family trip to Vegas, we stayed at Howard Johnson hotel and right outside of the hotel we found this place. Every time we came to this restaurant we had a great experience,  there food, drinks and desserts are amazingly good.Ana was our server every time she has great customer service, always smiling and giving us advice on the foods and desserts. My family and I will definitely come back to this place on our next visit to Vegas :-).Thanks Ana for the great hospitality that you gave my family and I!
2	Here currently for breakfast, ordered lingonberry Bfast and chorizo hash--We've had a fair share of Bfast check ins at different places so we're hoping to really have a good experience here.Food is underwhelming, blintz (pancake) is very very heavy. Servings are quite small compared to say IHOP or Mr.mama's or egg works. Food service is ok, nothing spectacular. At the end of day, my husband and I both agreed -- we are not coming back. Didn't finish our food, going home disappointed.
1	Horrible...the "fresh vegies" were freezer burned ... The Steak was over cooked and dry..will never be back...ooh and the price was high the food should have been free
5	Great food at a great price and very friendly staff! I highly recommend the French Dip sandwich and the burger that is topped with prime rib, I can't remember the name . The laid back retro feel of the restaurant was relaxing and the manager was really sweet. I Definitely will be coming back!
5	Co Co's is closed! Very disappointing. Such a nice and friendly staff. We went at least 3x a month.
