1	This place is a joke!  Went through the drive thru at 9:00 for a soda and ice cream cone and was told the ice cream machine was already turned off.  Was offered a cup of ice cream from the freezer.  Kind of takes the whole "soft" out of soft served ice cream.I have have no faith in local franchise owners caring much about anything other than the money they make, I contacted the corporate office so hopefully they'll do something about this situation.
5	I don't eat McDonald's,  but every Friday I take my little brother here after school for a treat. The employees are friendly and efficient,  the facilities are always clean,  and my little brother always leaves happy.  It's McDonald's... It's fast food. I would recommend eating something healthier,  but if you need to satiate your fast food craving... This is as good a place as any.
2	Pretty fast in the mornings, don't go after noon. Even in the morning you can get sloppy and not always fresh product. This bothers me because I don't expect much out of a place like McDs but to not even be able to put hot burgers out is just sad. I stopped today to get a coke. Had to go in because their drive line was too backed up... At 1230p....
3	I rarely go to McDonald's but I needed quarters for laundry so I stopped in this one, located inside the Riverview Center Wal-Mart, and ordered something I've had a few times before, a small Ranch Chicken Wrap, formerly $1.49, currently $1.89.  I was impressed it tasted very fresh for being fast food and the chicken piece inside it was the real deal, not some reformed "meat".  The worker was very nice about giving me change from a five in quarters, about $3 worth.  So I had a nice little snack for cheap and got the change I needed.  No complaints here.
4	I usually don't give fast food restaurants over 3 stars, but this place deserve an extra star because they filled up my strawberry milkshake all the way to the top, not 80% full like other place does with the excuse of "oh, we did this by the weight".  You filled it up because people paid money for it.  If you are giving it out for free, then maybe you can use that stupid excuse.  Props for their fast service too.
1	Crappy customer service and management that was there when incident occurred didn't seem approachable. Went online and did survey and requested someone get in touch with me about the situation...that was a week ago and still nothing. Had gone through the drive thru and got a lady who rudely said yeeeeeeeah.. When I asked, ma'am are you ready for my order? And she continued to ask after I ordered each item (in a cocky manner) if that "was it". I understand it's fast food, but for crying out loud, some BASIC mannerisms and customer service would come in handy. Wish I could rate this a negative star!
3	Afternoon is still awful, but the night crew is great so that made up some lost starts.
