5	Honest, reasonable...I've never felt like I've been preyed upon based upon inexperience, and they always explain what they need to repair and why.  They've done what they can to save me money on repairs and I've never felt like I'd be ripped off at Homer's.  Total pros--I'd never go anywhere else.
5	I have the worst luck with automobiles and therefore mechanics as well, until I stumbled upon Homer's. They are friendly and honest. I was once quoted a price and when I went to pick up my car, it was $100 cheaper. I believe that if the same situation occurred elsewhere, they would have just taken my money and not said a thing. I've been going to Homer's for 2 years and never had a shady experience.
5	Homer's has met all of my auto maintenance/inspection needs since we moved to Pittsburgh a year ago, and I've never looked back.  They are considerate and honest, and the prices are reasonable given the good work that they do.  Interestingly - the one time I had to go to another shop (Penn Automotive) - because my car was damaged and State Farm recommended them - the Penn Automotive guy offered to do my 30,000 mile maintenance while I was there, and I said I normally got that done at Homer's.  The Penn Automotive guy said "Well, never mind.  I don't want to take business away from those guys - they are great."  How about THAT?  A rave review from their own competition?
5	Extremely satisfied with this family run business.  We are from out of state and my son goes to the University of Pittsburgh.  When he hit a curb and developed a power steering leak, he took the car to a large chain and got an enormous bill of $1,850 for a complete system repair ... and no options for diagnosing and repairing just the faulty pieces.  My son was not prepared to deal with getting price gouged and we had no idea where to get trustworthy service in PA.  I consulted with my local mechanic and he advised me to "find a place like mine, a local service station that will give you honest service".I looked on the internet, found good reviews on Homer's and gave them a call to explain my situation.  The owner understood the situation, stating "I have a daughter in college and understand what your son is going through ...".  Homer's completed the job for $385 and said all the things my local garage did about how the Camry's power steering connections all leak to a certain degree, but that doesn't mean that the whole system needs repair.  They even saw my son's bill from the national chain and certainly could have set the repair price higher and still given us a bargain ... so, this is clearly not how they do business.  Fair price for work performed.I can't say enough about this place.  If we were local, I would be a loyal customer.
5	With my recent car inspection overdue by a day I frantically was looking for a reliable place to get it in and inspected as soon as possible.  I have heard of Homer's quite a lot from a friend and how reliable they are.  So I took a chance, called them near closing of the day and they were able to squeeze me in first thing in the morning.  I decided to wait for my car to be done and it took less than a hour to have it in, inspected and back out.  Didn't try to 'find' something wrong with it to pinch some more money out of me.  I can't say thank you enough for being able to get me in last minute, how fast they were able to do it and how polite they are to you.
4	Homers was able to get me in for my state inspection pretty quickly and only cost $65! They said that MOST repairs and inspections that go into the shop are done the same day - so no rental needed!Turns out that I needed work on my brakes (which I had been suspecting) and they did the repair. From what I know, they gave me a pretty good price. JR was really informative and patient. After he gave me the quote for two rotors and four brake pads, I called around to other places to see how they were. HOWEVER, I accidentally dialed them again asking for a quote and it was super embarrassing because he recognized it was me! He was really nice about it though.Short story, they have great reviews, did good work, and were more affordable than the other places. I really appreciated that they didn't try to force me to replace all four rotors like Baum's Blvd Mechanic tried to do.In the end, it cost a little more than the quote though, so that star isn't there :/
5	Based on other Yelp reviews, I chose Homer's for our car inspection.  They were able to get us in within 2 days and were very courteous.  The let me know that everything passed, but we would be needing brakes soon.  I discussed a trip we would be taking to Alabama and they felt that they breaks would hold up fine for the trip.  I appreciate their honesty.  I will be bringing my car back for the work later on.
5	I am not from the area and needed a check engine light to be looked up before I drove home. These guys took me right away.  I sat in the waiting area for an hour while many happy costumers went through.  JR was very friendly, honest and helpful with everyone.  I heard him tell people when they really needed to get something fixed or when they could put it off.  I even heard him consoling a woman who had just broken up with her boyfriend.  She was most worried that it might also have ended her mechanic relationship. In the end he didn't charge me for the engine code look up, and said it was fine to drive on.  He also did a great job explaining why the carburetor wasn't an emergency situation.  I could drive home and just see if it comes back on. They did change my oil, which was overdue, for less money than I usually pay.   Like the previous reviewer, if I was reviewing a coffee shop I wouldn't give it any stars but this place was the best mechanic experience I have had.
4	Solid technical knowledge.We have had a few minor services  done here and been happy with the service and staff each time.  I would go here for more detailed work as well as they seem to know  what they are doing even on most modern cars.  Nice people and they don't treat my  wife like she is stupid.
5	Using Homer's for nearly 10 years now, always great job for my 10+ year old cars. My ex-gf liked them too: they refilled her steering oil without charging her.
5	I took my car in for inspection and I was literally out of there in 45 minutes. Granted my car is only a year old, but still...And they didn't try any b.s. about break pads, bad wipers, etc. Fast honest service. I'll be returning
5	I have used Homer's Auto for the last couple of years for my 3 cars and I am very, very pleased with their work.  Reasonable, honest and timely - a refreshing change from a nearby service center that shall remain nameless in Squirrel Hill that happens to be close to the parkway. More east-Enders are turning on to him - parking lot fills up.
5	I've used Homer's since I moved to Pittsburgh four years ago.  They have offered me nothing less than stellar service every time -- they're quick, professional, responsive to my questions, and honest.  Their prices are reasonable, and J.R. makes sure to give you an accurate estimate before he starts the work.  (I know that sounds like something you should be able to take for granted at any mechanic, but it doesn't always shake out like that at less reputable places!)I found Homer's because I had spent $2,400 at some other shop to get my heat repeatedly fixed.  Turned out there was a factory recall on the part that kept burning out in my heat system -- Homer's guys discovered that and fixed the system for $300.  And it never broke again.  Oh, and when I dropped my car off there, the woman at the front desk insisted on driving me to class when I told her I was planning to take the bus.I keep going to Homer's because I know I don't have to worry about what they'll do to my car -- they'll fix what's broken, they'll do it at a reasonable price.  I was tired of hauling my car to lesser mechanics and having to adopt a defensive attitude just to make sure the basic stuff got done right.  ("Why do I have to pay for something that broke three weeks after you fixed it the first time?"  "Explain why I should pay $2,000 for any repair when my car has just 12,000 miles on it?" "Is it really not possible to fit me in for three months?")  You'll never get excuses or lies at Homer's, just great service at a reasonable rate.
5	Great work and very honest.  They will tell you when you need  to take your car to a dealer, but can do most work themselves.  They have kept my  newish Prius and my 13 year old Honda going and are helpful in anticipating and solving problems in advance.  I have gone there for 17 years and referred many people, all of whom have been very happy too.
3	Saw me same day to see what the problem was with my car.  That was a plus.Scheduled me for a week later for the work to be done. Slight negative since my car ended up having to be towed there before the end of the week because it was died.The employees are nice enough, but certainly minimalists with communication.  And they stay extremely busy, so don't expect to get a lot of specific answers to your questions.I had them replace my A/C in my very old vehicle at the price of $600 that included a used compressor from 2000 and a new pulley belt installed for $70.   The compressor was a little rusty and they didn't mention any guarantee/warranty on the part or their work.  Just wondering if I should've gone to the dealer for a new part at this price for labor and an old part...
5	I was told by my car dealership that I'd need to have a tire replaced since there was a screw stuck in the side.  They quoted an outrageous price.  My Mom recommended that I call Homer's, and they gave me a better quote for the tire.  When I took it to Homer's to replace the tire, they told me that they could in fact patch it.  Cost me only $20.  Would've been over $200 if I'd let the dealer put on a new one!
5	Honest, polite, and does good work. What else matters? So there's no TV while you wait (which I consider a plus, actually). They do what you need and don't BS you about what you don't need. How refreshing to be told the work the dealer recommended isn't needed yet. I'll keep taking my cars back for routine oil changes and such with confidence that they will let me know if I really need something else done. Minor repairs have been done well, quickly, and I expensively. 'Nuff said, go to Homer's!
5	On a short stopover while roadtripping, my wheel bearings started squealing. After a friends suggestion and reviewing Yelp advice, I went to Homers. At first I wasn't thrilled that it took a while for someone to talk to me and it took me waiting in the waiting room to get information (they didn't call me when they found more problems). But after dealing with the owner I knew he was an honest guy, incredibly helpful and trustworthy. They took great care of my car and gave me a fair price... something hard to find in car shops, especially away from home.
1	It makes me feel very sad to give Homers a bad review(see my previous post).  We have had our car inspected there in the past with no problems.  Regardless, we brought our car in two weeks ago for snow tires, oil change and inspection.  The car did not pass inspection and needed brake work and rotars, although the car could go until spring before we must get the rotars taken care of.  They wanted around to $550 for the brake and rotar work.  We couldn't afford it since we were already putting on new snow tires.  My husband bought the brakes for $50 and put them on himself in our garage.  We took the car back to re-inspect less than a week later and they made us pay for the inspection again.  All-in-all, we can't understand why they wanted so much for the work and we feel a bit like salt in the wound when they re-charged for the inspection when they have a sign on the wall that says they won't. On Blvd of the Allies, there is a Monroe or Meineke that is charging around $80 for brake work according to their sign out front.
4	The folks at Homer's read our previous review and contacted us by mail.  They explained that the free inspection is for emissions testing, not safety.  The law in PA requires them to reinspect any vehicle for safety, especially if it is brake work.  They refunded our inspection fee as a good will offering.  While we do feel that $340 may be excessive for replacing four brake pads, we really do appreciate their communication and want to support them as a local small business.  I've readjusted our Yelp rating accordingly.  We will try them again in the spring for the rotar work and will continue to recommend them to neighbors looking for a local garage.
5	My wife's car recently began to sound like a Monster Truck (not covered under warranty). In a bind over the Holiday season and not wanting to deal with the dealer pricing, I read reviews on yelp for Homer's. Overwhelmed with the positive reviews we decided to try them out (about 3 miles from our home). I called and spoke to someone right away and they encouraged us to bring car in. We left the car and same day got a phone call of the diagnosis (exhaust bracket was shot). They quoted what i felt was a fair price for parts and labor and we agreed to the fix. They were able to fix car same day and its running like new again. Mostly dealt with a gentleman named "Ken". Service was great on short notice and would recommend to others. Will look to Homer's first for non-warranty covered products  / jams in future.
5	I have taken my old Maxima (10 years old) to Homer's for years (inspections, brake repairs, exhaust work.) I really trust that I am not going to be ripped off (as I have been at car dealerships.) Very honest, straightforward. One bad experience (with tires) but they have more than made up for that with all the free repairs.Yes, sometimes stuff was just fixed. Examples: 1) first time I took my car there for an inspection. I had this annoying rattle (probably the heat shield.) Like magic, gone. 2) my power seat was not working. I didn't even mention this or ask about having it fixed. My car was there for another reason. When I picked up my car, the seat worked. 3) Another time: the fuel door to my gas tank was busted, wouldn't close properly and jammed. Now I can close the lid. Okay, it doesn't pop-out like new but it does the job.No reason I should be given this type of service (like a family member, a little old lady, a priest, or a Steeler.) I am just some dude who knows nothing about cars. One thing: you need to be patient when picking up your car. Sometimes, no one is the office and you have to wait. So, if you expect concierge service with a valet, then go elsewhere. This is Greenfield.
1	They told me they were going to "look at the car and will call me back." They ended up replacing the parts without giving me a heads up or price quote. In the end they were asking an amount that was probably not reasonable...which I was not happy about, but was willing to pay (got no choice man). They gave a slight discount, then opened the door say "we don't want you to come back." Crazy attitude. And yes I don't want to go back either.
5	I've always had a good experience here, and it's super convenient if you live in greenfield!
5	Very pleased with my first experience at Homers. I had them add on wheel caps, bolt down my fender flairs and replace a tail light on my '06 wrangler. They let me drop off and pick up after hours which I really appreciated and they charged a fair price. Plus, they did all the work in less than 24 hours. Very happy.
5	I can not say enough about Homer's! What a great place.  My grandfather has been my mechanic since I could drive, so when he retired this year I panicked about getting my car inspected.  I read all the great Yelp reviews, and they are spot on about Homer's.I called on a Monday for an appointment, and they fit me in on Friday.  When I got there the staff was super nice and helpful. I chose to wait for my car, so they suggested to try the diner down the street for some breakfast and coffee. Took them an 1 1/2 hr to get my car done.  Unfortunately, there were a few issues that needed to be corrected before I could pass the inspection.  The associate reviewed a detailed estimate with me, BEFORE they did anything. I had told him at the beginning how I was nervous, since my Pap had always inspected my car.  He told me that they were happy to book the appointment, but if I could get my Pap to fix the issues, then I could save myself some money. WOW. Just wow.  How honest and helpful. (I've actually put a lot of money into correcting other issues, so while his estimate was VERY reasonable and fair, so sayeth my Pap who was a mechanic for 50+yrs, I needed to save money) Took the car back to finish the inspection a week later. Same great service and they were fine with my Pap fixing the issues.  Because of that I will recommend them to everyone, and I have found myself a mechanic to keep going to.This place is what small business is all about.
5	I've been going to Homer's for car repairs and inspections since 2009 after a friend recommended them. I moved away for a couple of years and never found another service station close to this place, so by the time I moved back recently, my car was a hot mess.Just before taking my car back to Homer's recently, I made the mistake of taking it two other places within walking distance to my home. I don't think either of them even drove it because neither got it right. I had to take it back three times for one place to get it right and caught the owner in a lie.That never happens at Homer's. JR and his crew are professionals who care about their customers. JR won't overcharge you. He won't try to sell you something you don't need. He doesn't act like women are stupid and know nothing about cars. He won't make fun of how filthy your car is. ;) (Mine was pretty bad.)When I took my car in, it was for inspection. It didn't pass. Needed new tires, which I really couldn't afford, but JR gave me a list of four or so options at different price points. I also asked him to look at the repairs the other shop had done because I was about to head out on a 5,000 mile road trip to take my kid to college. They checked the car out and made sure it was ready for the trip.When I returned, I took the car back to get the tires rotated and an oil change, and JR did something very nice for me because he knew I was sad about my kid being so far away. Priceless, right?Others have commented on how wonderful JR and his guys are, so my story is just another that proves that. I won't ever take my car anywhere else. The little diner down the street mentioned by other reviewers is a great place to hang out and have breakfast while you wait. There's also a bus stop at the corner. But hanging out in the office, talking to JR (between phone calls) ain't a bad way to spend some time, either. I'd do it more often if my car weren't fixed, now. :)
5	I can't speak highly enough of Homer's. I was hesitant to try it at first, because I'm always so suspicious of mechanics - but I was pleasantly surprised. The first time I brought my car to Homer's was for a car inspection, and I knew I needed new tires. They gave me 4 brand new tires, with labor, for half the price I was expecting. I have become a regular - you cannot beat their prices, plus they're great if you need the car back by a certain time. And you can always get your car in pretty quickly. They can't be beat!
5	I have been going to Homer's for many years and feel compelled to write a review... which I don't normally do!  They are FAIR and HONEST, which, unfortunately, is not always the case elsewhere. They are very accommodating and I've seen them take people who just drive in with a car problem, although I usually call ahead and make an appointment. Mr. Homer, JR, and the guys all treat people well and I like that I'm supporting a local, family-owned business. I don't care what the waiting area looks like! ( former reviewer...) I want RELIABLE, cost efficient service. That's what I get at Homer's and that's why I send people I care about there.
1	"When you write the review, just make sure you tell everyone what an asshole you are!" I'm happy to oblige to let everyone know how you will be treated.This was actually a repeat visit after I'd had my cars serviced by Homer in the past. It appears that they're doing way too much business for their own good and this is causing a lot of disorganization. I had two cars to get serviced. And I needed to explain the same story to two people on the phone and two people in person. Obviously they don't believe in writing anything down. And timing is entirely random.However, that wasn't the big issue. I brought two cars for service with a full checkup. For one they inspected the brakes but for the other one there was no information about the brakes. When I asked the mechanic about this he told me that he didn't know and that the person who'd know went home. But that I should 'just let them know' if the brakes had problems (great idea, maybe after an accident?). After I told him that I was worried, he point blank lied at me and claimed that he knew that the brakes were OK.After I pointed this out to him, he became upset and told me that I should not come back in the future. I won't since I want my cars to be safe, regardless of whether you get a cheap oilchange. I told him that I'll be leaving a review ... as I walked to the car he ran out of the shop and called me an asshole in front of my kids. I've never been treated as poorly as this by any car mechanic.
1	Update ... apparently JR has standards. He sent me a text message clarifying that he waited until he thought my family was out of earshot before running out to insult me. Which makes it OK, I guess. Creepy.
