5	By the time the Lemon Posset was served I was extending the cook offers of marriage. Things already took off spectacularly when the sharing starter platter was put on the table, full of vegetables and home made bread and a spread that were absolutely delicious, and everything just got better after that.He didn't take me up on it, but you can't have it all.Go. In the last month I have had meals twice as expensive, and not even close to as good. My tip is to have two starters for a light mains, but the mains themselves were a revelation (and so generous my table companions shared them with me, which is why I got a taste of chicken that was a complete revelation of how chicken can taste).Just go.
4	We walked past on a Sunday morning and decided to have lunch. Make sure you are not in a hurry, because service can be slow, the food more than makes up for it though.  Very reasonable prices, and vegetarians are well catered for.
2	Sorry to buck the trend of good reviews as I do agree that the food is yummy and I really want to like this place BUT......I've been here twice now and the service has been poor-grim. The first time was a sunny spring day when some friends and I popped in for brunch. Yes, I was a little late arriving but we waited an age for the coffees they had ordered and then even longer to for the waiter to take our order. 30mins later (over an hour since we had sat down) we were informed they were no longer doing brunch (even though the same ingredients are on the lunch menu). The manager came and apologised, we had yummy lunch in the sun. Ok, so they're just having a busy shift and training new staff. I'd still come back.Nope - months later a friend and I decide to try again for a quick brunch. We ordered at the counter before we sat down as we were pressed for time, and turned to feel a few angry eyes from tables who had obviously been waiting a while. Uh oh! Coffees again took an age, despite the staff having no urgency about them at all. They had run out of rolls for my friend's sausage roll so would she take toast? She asked if they had brown bread, answer was 'We have all kinds.     Do you want toast?'. It was all just a bit less pleasant than a weekend brunch should be. I won't be hurrying back to give them a 3rd chance!
4	I am a huge fan of what Earthy stand for, supporting local businesses & bringing us tasty goodies without the food miles! Positives are the delicious & nutritious selection of goodies ... service with a smile ... and the option to walk the water of Leith before/after!  What I would say is that it is pricey for a cafe, so not somewhere I would drop in to grab a bite to eat ... I would make it worth your visit and take in the atmosphere.A word of warning, if you go weekdays - there are often a lot of mums & kids... if you are not allergic to children, you'll be fine. ;-)  I'm being a bit tough on Earthy - it's 4-5 star food, but 3 star on price... but I guess you get what you pay for, right?!
4	I was very pleasantly surprised by Earthy. The major surprise was that their steak was so impressively tasty. I thought its strengths would lie in delicious fresh vegetables and bread, and while that is true, it was the red meat that really stood out, for me. I look forward to going back again, soon.Overall, we said: "I was highly impressed by Earthy. I was always sure that this would be a place that MJ would love, but I wasn't so sure it would win me over quite so overwhelmingly as it did. Their dishes were high on quality and flavour, with very generously sized portions. I'd happily come back to sample more of their delights and would strongly recommend you visit, at your earliest convenience."
4	I thought Earthy was all about vegetarian eating but it actually provides delicious sounding meat dishes too. On a whole it is all about good quality, locally sourced and nourishing food; prepared and served with love and you feel better for it too!Up until now my home-made salads consisted of green leaves, carrot, tomato, celery, cucumber, peppers and cheeses but man am I inspired by the salad menu at Earthy - so much so that it has made me think about growing my own veggies! The selection of about 10 different salad options from which I chose four to make up my salad platter for my main has really shown me how interesting and sexy a salad can be! I can't remember the exact ingredients unfortunately, however I do recall bulgar wheat, wild rice, goats cheese and pomegranate seeds in one, grilled aubergine and peppers in another, sweet potato wedges with cinamon and puy lentils on a bed of green leaves and walnuts to finish. It was soooooo good and so filling!For dessert it was a naughty chocolate tart accompanied by a dollop of cointreau cream - I could have easily walked about with a spoon of this in my mouth for the rest of the day to savour it if I wasn't going to invite weird looks. This went well with my delicious pomegranate blini!The only down side was it was Mothers Day, the place was packed and it seemed to be a little understaffed as service was slow - our drinks arrived with our meal, 35 mins after sitting down! One of my companions who is a regular here said it has never been like this before and the place is always busy so maybe they were caught out by unexpected absence or something.I really like the earthy decor, art work and chilled music that plays here. Never again will my face resume the expression of a goat's when chewing it's greens, oh no! It will be of a sprightly bunny who has hopped upon a field of golden vegetables!
1	So finding myself hankering after a burger on a Saturday lunchtime, I thought I'd give the place another chance. I was asked for my order refreshingly quickly - things were looking up.90 minutes passed.I eventually received my burger, an apology, and my drinks on the house, but the damage was done. I won't be going back, and will instead go to Circle where I have never been disappointed.
4	This review is for the dinner restaurant (open till 10).Wonderful healthy food, casual atmosphere but three-course dinner reminiscent of upscale dining. I had feta and endive salad, then sea bream over quinoa, then gooey cookie with ice cream. Good wine available. Friendly service.
5	Really nice cake - I had lemon drizzle cake and a refreshing jazzy americano to wash it down.  When it's quiet on a rainy day - it's my bliss.  Pure bliss.  Like a sanctuary.  I really like the interior and the fresh fruit and veg they offer too.
5	Lets get one thing straight: this is a supermarket, not a boutique health food store. This is the place to do your weekly shop - they stock everything from fresh local fruit and veg to fantastic quality meat, washing up liquid, cling film - everything you need to run a household. Plenty of good deals to be had, if you shop sensibly and locally. Perfect.
4	Lovely earthy, full of lovely wholesome looking groceries and lovely smells. The restaurant /cafe is usually rammed full and so food can take a while to arrive on occasion, but I suppose its popular because it is good. I'm only taking a star off because they never have any of their absolutely amazing chocolate cake left whenever I go in. Please ask your nice supplier to bake more!!
3	A 3 star despite the love for Earthy?Being GF, this place had been recommended to me. Hmmph. I had a ok enough brunch here but it wouldn't be my first, second or third choice in the future. Despite a shop filled with GF products (I would shop here), the options are pitiful in the cafe. Granted many business won't have the products to make certain things GF but when you sell those ingredients then you'd expect a better offering.Tasty smoothie, portions a little small for the price, but Earthy and it's lack of GF options just left me a bit cold...
5	Seriously, the kale and butternut squash salad with the chili oil is my favorite dish anywhere. This place feels very good and wholesome, and I had 3 salads in combination for a lunch plate, and I was so happy to have a healthy and damn good taste together.  I am vegetarian, and often I make lovely food, but not this tasty.  I either need to bankroll my new found obsession or learn to make it myself.  The country store has a lot of tea, cheeses, breads and veggies.  Also, they have sundries like almond butter and such.  Good finds in there.
5	I'm a regular visitor to Earthy for groceries - not always the cheapest, however the 'get what you pay for' mantra holds strong and it's great selection of local and other organic produce.  The cafe / restaurant is lovely and I've eaten here several times. Staff are pleasant and it's got a really good atmosphere - unsurprising that it's busy most of the time.
4	We had the full Scottish breakfast and I give it an easy 5 stars. So tasty! Each ingredient was amazing quality & the bread especially, was perfect. The only negative was the coffee. Not bad, but not great either.  Service was really good and we had a big hug of water with fresh mint in it placed on the table straight away. A grand experience!
4	Absolutely amazing breakfast. I had the waffles, which I did not regret. The place also has a really good organic store next door.
2	I'm not really sure what 'rustic hipster' means - but if it equates to overpriced food, with very limited menu choice, coupled with an aspiring upper middle class/aged clientele with poor and slow service then it's certainly not for me. Unfortunately, the Earthy at Cannonmills was a disappointment. We have been meaning to go for a while due to its lovely decor, and a hungover Sunday afternoon seemed a good time to give it a try.Firstly, I was really looking forward to the breakfast which has been recommended, but discovered they stop serving at 11:30am and there was no brunch on the menu.Secondly, the menu was very limited. With no chance of brunch, there was about 5 mains on the menu which consisted of soup,    Sausage sandwich (sold out), Chicken burger, 'posh cheese and toast' or salad. Given that 2/3rds of the rustic hipsters in the cafe went for the chicken burger - including myself - probably suggests the sentiment was shared. Thirdly, the service was painfully slow and when the burger did arrive I felt guilt asking for some sauce, which seemed to be such an inconvenience for the waitress. I assume rustic hipsters take what their given.In seriousness though, this has the potential to be a great little cafe if they sort the staff and menu out. Finally, the burger was good, not great to be honest, hence 2 star, and we sadly left disappointed and won't be back.
