4	The best mexican place I have found so far.  This isn't a favorite of mine, but it is better the Serano's, Garcia's, and Macayo's.  The offer the usual fare and the prices are like everyone elses.  There isn't anything to really write home about, but it is better than any other place I have been to (above average).  I am searching for a great Mexican restaurant.  If anyone has one they love, please share it with me.
3	On the Border is OK.Not bad but not great either. I was there last night meeting up with some friends and I discovered something pretty cool about them. If you order guacamole as an appetizer they come out with a bunch of ingredients including a lot of avocado obviously and make your own customized guacamole just the way you want it! I don't even like guacamole, but that's awesome! They should start doing it for salsa too!
2	I will never eat at On the Border again unless someone else is paying for it.  The service here was terrible and once we were seated our chips were too salty to eat.  The food was nothing like what I was looking for in a Mexican food restaurant.  This was one of the first restaurants I ate at after moving out here a year ago.  I'm still on the search for great Mexican food in the Mesa/Gilbert area.I know people that really like this place, but I'm not one of them.
2	I have been saving money to get married recently, but we got a gift card for OTB, Chilis, Macaroni Grill or someother place I haven't heard of (Italian).  We always go to Chili's so we decided to go here.  I have been to other locations twice before and each experience was okay.  The chips were okay and the salsa was great.  It seemed fresh.  We got good service and the fiancee ordered a margarita which was tasty.  I just didn't enjoy the food as much as I do at a more authentic Mexican resaurant.  I ordered a chicken chimichanga and rice and beans and the refried beans have not been my favorite and nothing about the experience was bad there, but I just have no desire to go back any time soon.  The service was good, but this place was sort of blah.  If I lived back in Pennsylvania, it would be okay Mexican food, but out here in AZ it is nothing to go crazy for.
2	We went and the service was slow and our food was wrong.  I won't go back.
1	This restaurant closed down about a year (or more) ago.
1	If you like TV dinner mexican food then On the Border might be for you. However if you like legit Mexican food dodge this place and head over to somewhere like El Charro in West Mesa or even Matta's for that matter. OTB is awful and Im not surprised this particular location closed.
4	Great lunch.. Fresh Mexican grill with great sauces!  Wish there was one in Washington State!
