2	Maybe I caught them on a bad day. They were busy but I stood at the counter for ages & was ignored by 3 members of staff. I wanted a takeout bagel & cake & was told the kitchen was too busy to make more sandwiches unless I wanted to sit in! I consoled myself with a strawberry tart which was amazing. Lots of juicy fresh strawberries. The pastry was light & crispy. I couldn't fault it. 5 star cake. 1 star service. I'll maybe try again but with the festival looming I hope the attitude changes
2	Tried again with colleagues the other week. We needed a quick lunch & PV wasn't too busy so it looked like a good choice. The savoury menu is limited - croque Monsieur, quiche & salad, poached eggs, toasted sandwiches - you get the picture.I ordered quiche & salad. It was well presented til I discovered that half of the salad leaves were way past their best & buried under a pile of fresher salad & there was no dressing on the salad either. I pointed this out to the waitress who conferred with the manager. I was offered another dish but we'd already waited for quite a while & needed to get back to work. The quiche was nice but there was too much pastry for the amount of filling which was a shame s the filling (bacon & cheese) was lovelyOne colleague had the croque Monsieur which came with fresh dressed salad. He said it was tasty & a good sized portion. Another had the poached eggs which she said were quite watery which was a shame.I was offered a free cake because of the salad issue with my main but I was scunnered & out of time so we asked them to deduct my main from the bill which they did.Maybe I am just unlucky in my experiences here but I'm not sure I'd try again as there are so many other places round about to choose from.
3	I've been to patisserie valerie a couple of times, because I love cake. I went with a friend last week for lunch, was feeling savoury so I had their club sandwich. she had the cheesecake. Food was nicely presented and tasted fresh, but a bit overpriced. Good place for coffee and cake, for me the cake looks a wee bit better than it is, but it's still really nice. tastes fresh, and very luxurious. There are a nice range of options on the menu - croque monsier, eggs benedict, salmon and cream cheese bagel are amongst the savoury options. cake is mainly of the lashings-of-pastry-cream variety, there are various gateaux, tarts, and mille-faeux on offer, all of which look tempting. my friend's cheesecake was much nicer than a frozen supermarket one, but since I prefer my cheesecakie baked rather than set, I'm illqualified to judge. In the past I have had black forest gateax, chocoloate mousse, and giotto cakes, all of which were nice. Staff were fine, very smiley considering it was mobbed when we were in. Nice decor, not a lot of atmosphere - probably too busy for that. For a chain patisserie valerie do very well, and I would recommend their cake selections to a friend.
