4	My friend Oriana  and I went here the other day for impromptu pedi's. Jane from Fast Signs recommended Perfect Nails to me.  It's easy to find but parking is not great the Starbucks next door takes up alot of spots. On the good side you can get a latte to savor while having your nails done. Good sized place, very clean.  We didn't have to wait at all which is always a plus.  Timothy did my pedi and he did a great job.  My deluxe pedi was $35 which I think is about the going rate.   They also have a  reward card so you can build up point for free services.  Very happy with it and will go back.
4	I had to get the windshield on my company car replaced at a location near this nail salon. I had 2 hours to kill and the location is a little far from my house or anyone I know to have them come pick me up or kill some time with me, so I walked across the street to Starbucks. Before I made it to get coffee, I came across Perfect Nails. A mani/pedi would waste enough time until my windshield was done so I thought I would pop in and see what the wait would be. It was midday on a Saturday, so figured it may be a while, but they were able to see me right away. This probably the nicest nail salon I've ever been to that isn't a full service salon or spa. The location is decorated very tastefully in neutral colors and recessed lighting. They have flat screens on each wall for guests to watch while getting their services. The pedicure chairs were comfortable and I could figure out the settings on the chair. There was probably 20 nail technicians working there, which explained how I could be seen so quickly where there were already 15 clients getting worked on. My technician was nice, very quiet, and I apologize I don't remember her name. Prior to beginning my pedicure, she placed a disposable plastic liner in the bowl. I thought this was a fantastic idea because it keeps the bowls clean; however, somewhat wasteful. It makes sense for them to be efficient in serving the number of clients they had coming in so they aren't wasting time cleaning the bowls properly. She did a great job doing my pedicure and manicure. She was smart and asked me to pay before she painted my finger nails. Most places ask after and rummage through your purse for you. The spa pedicure and manicure cost $40 which is about the same as any other corner nail salon. Although they weren't that friendly, most employees at any comparable salons have the same demeanor. I was comfortable there and did not worry once about cleanliness, so would definitely recommend this location for discount nail services.  If I find myself in that area again in need of a mani or pedi, I will use them.
4	So I have now been here for pedi's several times.  The service is consistent.  Never a wait, always clean and the staff is friendly.  All in all it is now my go to place for pedi's.  Try it.
4	Being a guy I'm not supposed to enjoy being pampered  but this place brought out the "me gusta" face in me. The chicks inside this place are pretty hot, so that is a definitive draw. The service was good, the wife and I showed up there without an appt and we were serviced fairly quickly. The MANecure I received was quick and done right. I would definitely recommend their services to everyone.
4	I don't get to pamper myself often, but when I do, I most always come to Perfect Nails. I've never made an appointment, and they are usually always able to get me in right away. The few staff members that have worked on me have always been friendly and gently. Gentle is important for me...I like to feel relaxed, not tortured! The work they do is also fantastic. I've had full-set-French-tips, fills, and gel manicures. They take their time and ensure that no air bubbles develop. They are always busy, which must be a good sign that they are doing things right!
5	Always very busy, even on the weekdays, but they are fast and do good work.
5	Been going here for years.  Brian does an amazing job!
4	They do a awesome job here, but they do talk shit about you and make it obvious.
4	I have been going to this salon for years, and I wouldn't dare go elsewhere! Everyone who works here is so kind and gentle when they work with you, regardless of pedicure or manicure, I have never left unhappy!Brian is by far the best tech, he's hilarious and definitely keeps up the conversation as he works. Pricing is moderate compared to other places in town but you definitely get what you pay for! They also have a rewards program so you can save the more you visit :)
5	I'm super picky when it comes to my acrylics but Steve did a PERFECT fill! Finally! Amazing!
5	I have been going to this salon for over five years and I cannot go anywhere else.  Tami is my mani and pedi lady and she is absolutely amazing!  No matter what design I ask her to do, she does it and does a spectacular job!As for the salon as a whole, they are one of the cleanest around, and when it comes to feet, that is most important.  This is the only salon I know that uses tub liners and replaces it for every client!!If you can't get in with Tami, go see Brian or Diamond.  They rock too!
5	i love this place first time here i love the huge selection of polishes and gel acrylics they have. teresa is the best
1	I went to this nail place for the first time today because someone bought me a gift card there. The location was good & the salon looked fair clean (although a bit run down) but the staff was not friendly & did a lazy job. I went for a pedicure &  tech was so annoyed at how short I had cut my toenails. Then when I wanted a bright pink french pedicure, she didn't wait at all to apply the top coat & blurred the pink over the white, not to mention the didn't mention the $5 up charge for the (sloppy) french pedicure. Also, my feet feel scratchier than they did before. I did not enjoy this experience & will not be returning.
4	I'm not into this stuff at all but have been here 3 times!Really like this place and take visitors for a treat when they are in town. Decent color choice, clean environment, friendly staff and I've never had to wait too long. Wish the waxing (eyebrows, underarms my only experience here) was more private, in my experience people coming in and out of room or cracking open the door to talk.... not into it.Also, they have a loyalty points card which is nice if you frequent such a service.
2	I've gone here a few times.  The staff is awesome and the atmosphere is great.  My nails in other words, SUCKED.  Sadly, I won't be returning due to how my gel nail color started peeling off within ONE week. Waste of $.
5	New to the neighborhood and this place came recommended. Love the different levels of pedicures,  had 3 different techs and they all have had a great attention to detail.  Ricky is my nail tech does a great job in a timely manner.  His fills can last up to a month! Then the reward card where you earn points towards $$ off services is the cherry on top. This is now my nail place.
