5	I travel in my Motor Home and pull my 13 Honda CR-V. The Blue Ox hitch that I pull the car with broke allowing the car to run into the rear of the RV. I chose Service King to do the repairs to the Car. I talked to Stan there. They made the repairs in a timely manner, did a excellent job, they cleaned the car inside and  out. The car looked like new again. Stan stayed with the car through out the process and kept in touch with me frequently. I am from Florida and it was good to find a good place that was in a strange town to me.
4	My car (2006 Acura RSX) was close to totaled and the following things needed to be replaced (front bumper, fender, hood, right headlight, radiator system and condenser)  Service King worked with Geico and my car looks better than when I took it in.  Josh kept me up to date with the progress ever 4 or 5 days.  I would definitely recommend their work.  See photo below
1	Bad service and unhelpful. Receptionist was on personal cell phone and seems like she didn't want to help. When I came in on Monday I asked for my paperwork I felt that she didn't even want to help or look for it and just told me that they didn't have it. Unwilling to help or call Geico I called Geico my self and they called me back saying that the paperwork was there I had to go back to get the paperwork that was already there on Monday.
5	Someone hit the side of my car in the parking lot of where I live.  I went through my insurance company to get the damage fixed and found Service King to be close to home, VERY Professional, LIGHTENING FAST and exceptional work!   I recommend them to anyone that needs collision work done.  Super great staff - especially the receptionist and Matt Veale in Service. Very pleased.  Will definitely do business here again!
1	Horrible experience here!!! Went here because it was recommended by my insurance and was told it would be an easy process because they talk directly with insurance. Took my car to get repaired on November 4th 2014 got my car back 9 days later on November the 12th  very long time. When I picked my car up it was a very poor repair job. The bumper was not at all lined up correctly the color match was very bad, jagged edges on front bumper. My car is a bone white but they painted it an egg/yellow white. And as the car gets older the color of the paint would have came out more and turned even more yellow.  I understand plastic and metal wont ever be a perfect match, which  was there defense, but It can be a better match. They also painted my back bumper and the paint job done on it  was a way better color match then my front bumper. also on my front bumper there was a long line where they obviously handled my front bumper too ruff and scraped the paint off it while putting it on so they touched it up to cover it up. When I asked them about it they tried saying that it was a water mark from the refurbished bumper. regardless if its true or not its unacceptable.  I told them I want my front bumper to be a better color match and to be lined up correctly like my back one. They agreed to fix their terrible repair job.  I dropped my car off for the second time on November 18th since they dont do repairs on weekends. They finished repair 4 days later on the 21st. I went to look at it and once again they did a bad repair job.this time they at least ordered me a factory bumper and  the color match was better but the front bumper was still not lined up properly. it was lined up better on left side. It looked good it had a nice closed line but on the right it had a large opening where I could see the bracket and fit my finger nails in it. They had no clue of what could be the problem to the crooked bumper.  And said that's the best they can do, they don't know what else to do; because it just snaps on to the bracket, they can try again but that it will still look the same. I said there must be a problem with the bracket. they told me to bring my car in again Monday. so I called them on Monday letting them know ill be dropping my car off and to order me a new set of brackets so that the tension is the same on both of them. because the right bracket must have lost tension from the bumper being removed and put on numerous times. I had to tell them how to do their job. Or i would have wasted my time again on Monday. They said okay but that it will take a day for parts to get here. So took my car in Tuesday November 25th and was told it would take 30min it actually took an hour 40min but finally after over 2 weeks of inconvenience the front bumper was lined up correctly! Its ridiculous how long it took for my car to be repaired correctly and that I had to take my car back three times for their same bad repair job and especially that I had to tell them what was causing the problem of the bumper not being lined up properly. Would never come back and would not recommend to anyone!
1	Horrible, terrible, have had nothing but unnecessary problems since bringing my wife's Mercedes Benz here in October. There was light damage to the front of her car resulting from her rear-ending someone at a traffic light. The car was still driveable, just some cosmetic damage along with broken grill and front headlight etc. We scheduled the service while we were going to be out of town on vacation,  for 12 days...Problem #1. When we returned, they said the car was still not ready, but that it would be done in a couple hours. Really? 12 days wasn't enough time?! Well, it was ready a few hours later, which apparently they made into a rush job resulting in the following problems...Problem #2. The one new headlight that was replaced did not match the headlight assembly that was discolored from the Las Vegas sunshine. They gladly fixed it, but this required me to bring the car back and drop it off for the afternoon while they made the repair. This is the 1st of several return trips needed...so far! Problem #3. A few short days later, my wife tells me the car is overheating and she's stopped on the side of the I215. In their haste to repair the car when we returned from our trip, the technician didn't have time to attach the water hoses to the mounting for the radiator,  causing the fan to rub a hole through the hose. I stopped my day to assist my wife, fixed the repair myself and called Cody (our service rep). He promised they would reimburse us for the cost of the parts. Problem #4. Tonight while driving my wife's car, I noticed yet another problem which is now prompting me to write this review. The headlights all work wonderfully while they are on "automatic" setting, but when they are turned off, set to park lights, etc, they stay on. Soooo...another telephone call required tomorrow, another wasted trip to their facility, another few hours to kill while they take care of another thing that should have been done correctly from the beginning. I hope this is the end of my issues with Service King! Ohhh, one more thing...it's now January and I still haven't seen my reimbursement from from problem #3. Save yourself unnecessary hastle, go elsewhere!
