5	I came here to get a battery replacement after work one day and Leo helped me out. My battery was still under warranty which was great since I had just got back from Christmas vacation! But what made this experience a great one was I received an education on corrosion. Leo not only explained to me what it can do to your engine if not properly handled but then he proceeded to spend a good amount of time cleaning my battery connectors to help alleviate the problem. This Auto Zone is on my way home and I will definitely use it in the future...
5	I came in looking for new wiper blades as we were expecting some monsoon rain. The associate looked up my car model and gave me an honest suggestion. Since he didn't have the cheapest blades in stock (which is what I wanted), he told me to try a local foreign auto parts store which will probably have them in stock and cheaper. I was really impressed that he shared this suggestion with me and actually was sending me elsewhere for the sale.Well, I tried the other store, and they were out all together. So back to AutoZone I went. I purchased the wiper blades there and they installed them at no charge without my even having to ask! Great service!!
5	It seemed as if my battery was going to die soon so I went and had it checked out here. I believe the associate that helped me was Chris and basically he tested my battery but it wasn't reading. He said it had a bad cell and probably would die soon, he looked up my information and since the battery was still under warranty he replaced it with no cost to me. He was very helpful, informative and efficient which I appreciated.
4	Terrific.  We were in and out in under 20 minutes.  Had to have them hook up the car to see what a light was trying to indicate.  Our mechanic couldn't see us and since it was ABS related we headed in.  We were able to diagnose it as a cable issue and not actually a brake issue.  My hubby got the car up on a rack and lo and behold, the cable came lose.  Plugged it back in and we have not had an issue since.This saved us a ton of money and time.
5	I had an excellent experience here. My taillights were tinted and I needed to remove it. I was greeted when I walked in and explained my situation to one of the associates. He came outside on a really hot day to check out the specific type of tint I had on my car and made recommendations. I ended up only needing to purchase a razor blade item to scrap everything off. If you have any questions about your car, these guys are incredibly helpful and will make sure you find what you need to get the job done.
5	These guys are awesome. Very knowledgable and always go above and beyond for me every time I come in
5	I normally am so frustrated with AutoZone, but at this one, the guy that helped me went out of his way to match a radiator hose for me to the one I brought in. They didn't have the one that matched perfectly, but he found one close enough. After cutting it in half it fit perfectly. Its so nice to have help that can think and problem solve instead of just saying we don't have that one.
2	On several occasions when I have come here, Autozone has not been able to help me out.Why? No idea?Latest debacle: My battery was dying. I needed a new battery and help changing it. Autozone will do it only if there is zero oxidation on your battery. There was a little bit on mine so, I was told that all of these other parts were affected, because of hte oxidation they were going to snap off, and they couldnt touch it. No recommendations on how to get the oxiation of. Referred me to a mechanic that charges $80 to touch your car if it is oxidized.... and JIC money if parts snap off...I went to Jiffy Lube instead. THey cleaned the oxidation.. took 5 seconds and changed my battery. Nothing snapped off.Second:I needed a new gas cap because I have been getting a false reading of the gas cap not being closed.I talked to one of the Autozoners asked if I needed to get a Gas Cap, or if there was just a part.. (i really don't know about cars and I don't try to hide it)He went on to explain how the gas cacpp makes a clicking noise and i had to make sure it clicked three times. I reiterated on how it was a false reading I would check every single time.. :-|Never again.
