5	I had been going to the same stylist for years when I decided I needed a change. I was always ok with the styles she provided, but at $35 bucks a pop, plus tip.. I didn't always feel like she was giving me the style I wanted, but rather what she thought looked good. Im just saying.. it got to be annoying.With the start of Summer and with it hotter temperatures, I wanted a shorter haircut that still looked awesome. A buddy at work suggested Big Mike's Barber shop, so I decided to give it a try. Mike's is a small Barber Shop, kind of a one man does it all situation. He's located in a small strip mall off of Eastern and Tropicana, just off the corner. I pulled up to the shop and sat and waited for the guy in the chair to get done. The current customer was getting a high fade and really close cut on  the sides. I wasn't sure if this was what I wanted, but as Mike's sign stated out front.. he also did "regular hair-cuts" so I continued to wait :]I eventually got my turn and told Big Mike what cut I wanted. From that point on I was very happy with the way he cut it. I keep my hair longer a bit on top, and close on the sides. I didn't want it flat-out shaved. Expertly, with shears, Mike faded up my hair to a really clean cut that was all styled out. I'm not a "faded" haircut kind of guy when it comes to my hair, but this cut is really awesome. Just the right amount of length on the sides, some length on the top, and cleaned up all over. The cut even finished with an old-school style vacuuming of my head to remove all hair. Lol.. if you never had this.. you are in for a treat. I used to go to barber shops as a kid with my Dad, and they would finish by literally vacuuming your head and neck so no hair would be left over. Mike even cleaned up my neckline with a hot lather and shave. The man is a star. He has serious cutting skills, and I have found my new barber.So overall, if you want a great cut, awesome service and a quality cut.. You have to go check out Big Mike's .
5	Big Mike is awesome, great barber, great personality, just recently hired his first barber, Ray Contreras who is also good worked for the famous Gerardo's barbershop for a while, to help him, first few months in business and he is already expanding, that tells you he is doing something right, and he for sure is!
5	Big mikes is the bomb...   Best cut I've gotten in las Vegas ever and I'm born n raised here for 30 years....  Hot razor shaves like a real man needs...... I don't live in Vegas full time anymore but come back every 3 weeks just to get a cut n shave...
5	Mike is great, he always gives you a great hair cut and its exactly what you asked for. He is friendly and makes you feel totally welcome. He always gets me in at convenient time. Best barber in Vegas!
1	TERRIBLE HAIRCUT!!! Warning, the previous good reviews were for the previous owner, Big Mike back in 2011. I went in for a fade but it's obvious he has NO CLUE how to fade hair. If someone asks for a fade and you don't know how to do it, SAY SO! I could have cut my own hair blindfolded half drunk and it would look better.I even brought in a photo of a previous fade I had on my IPAD and it's not even in the realm of what I asked for. I'm pissed! Dude WTF! I'm seriously disgusted. Is it possible to find a damn barber with any skill??????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Zack L. You call that a hair style? Both before and after pictures look as if you just crawled out of bed and took those pictures. Your hair looked just fine when you left (as fine as it could considering how bad your hair is), maybe if you ran a comb through your hair it might look decent. Instead of blaming barbers for bad haircuts maybe you should try getting a hair style that your thinning, stringy hair will actually look good with. People need to learn how to take responsibility for their bad hair and stop blaming barbers because their hair won't do what they want it to do. Zack L. Your hair is thinning and stringy and looks as if you keep it longer on top to try covering up the fact that you're losing your hair, nice bald spot in the back by the way.UPDATE: Apparently Zack L. has decided to remove the picture from his review but keep the bad review posted, I can only assume he removed the picture because he knows what I said in this post is true and decided he didn't want people to see how horrible, thin and stringy his hair is.  This way he can blame someone else for his bad hair but not look like a jerk when people look at the picture and see he has bad hair and it has nothing to do with the haircut.
