3	Average everyday bar, with a ton of car parts and pictures around. The staff was friendly, and they have a cool little game room area upstairs with couches and bar games. The food I had was your typical bar food.
3	Came here for lunch one day because my car broke down and I had to get it fixed at the car shop next door!The place is crowded with race car/motorcycle memorabilias! Their burgers were good...the fries were good...kinda typical bar and grill place...like Dennys...maybe better but not as great as Chilis!
1	15 miles from the Las Vegas strip this place claims to have Iowa Pork Tenderloin Sandwiches and since it's been more than 5 years since we had one we were determined to make the drive. When we arrived it looked very promising a large crowd was gathering next door for the car show and once we entered the place had a very cool atmosphere with TV's on every wall,classic 50's boothes and all kinds of car memorabilia. Plus theres a bar & game room upstairs. There was no wait & plenty of seating when we arrived at 6:00 pm. After we were seated , 20 minutes later a teenage waitress came to take our drink order, 20 minutes later she came back with the drinks and took our order. We ordered 4 sliders,Fried Cheese, Pork Tenderloin & Country Fried Steak Sandwiches. A little pricier than the menu we had found on the interent but still fairly reasonable. While we waited for our appetizer we saw several disgruntled patrons complaining about the slow service & leaving. After an hour of waiting we still had NOT seen our waitress for a refill or explanation. There were at most 30-40 patrons in the place at this time. The people sitting across from us had to have waited 20 minutes for there bill and finally a waitress brought them every unpaid check and asked which one was theirs, the man left exact cash for the check & voiced quite loudly to no one in particular he wasn't leaving any damn tip-for what? On 2 occasions while we were waiting with our EMPTY glasses on the edge of the table as a CLEAR sign we needed MORE to drink the waitresses would turn tail and run before they made eye contact and had to DO THEIR JOB!! Finally fed up with waiting for NO APPARENT REASON we decided to give up and go somewhere that actually serves their customers. We approached the waitress to find out what the problem was she laughed & said "it's crazy in here" with no apology or explanation for the ABSURDLY long wait. HELL we've waited an HOUR to get into a place with NO problem but an HOUR to see your waitress after you've ordered-NEVER and we eat out 3-4 times a week! To say it was BAD service is an understatement. We never had a chance to try any of the food but without a doubt there was NO way it would have been good enough to compensate for the atrocious service. The only way I would recommend this place is if it were FREE & they were POURING booze down your throat while you wait. IF you are looking for a disrespectful smart mouthed teenager to give you SHIT this is your kind of place. BUT if you expect to get what your paying for Quality Food & Service you MOST definitely will NOT find it here.
4	Well my last visit here to get the Iowa Pork tenderloin Sandwich was a total disaster so I planned ahead and brought the phone number with me so when I was in the area I could call in a takeout order.I ordered the Pork Tenderloin Sandwich with onion,pickles and mustard $8.99+taxThey said 10 minutes I was there in 5 it was hot & ready.Just like I remember- years ago in Iowa when I last had one.Crispy and juicy, larger than life. I hardly had 2 bites and my son was so enticed he had to "have a go" at it and he couldnt stop himself he wanted his own so we sat in the parking lot eating one while waiting on another for the road.Cool fun atmosphere but the service is suspect, even with my takeout it was 6pm on a Saturday night -NFL playoffs -the bar was dead and only 1 small group in the diner.Open 24 hours a day.Great hard to find sandwich, a little pricy but HHAGG wants $14 for a pork tenderloin sandwich. Next on the list.
4	I can honestly say that I've never sat in the restaurant section of this place.  However, I can attest to the view from the inside of the bar!  Hot Rods has quickly become my favorite place to go after work with collegues and friends alike to de-stress from the day and get a little blitz'd.  Happy Hour from 4 to 7pm makes for a good time.  Finger foods half off, cheap beer and discounted shots are all on the menu.The bartenders are pretty good eye candy for men and women alike.  They're friendly, will make you some wild-ass shots and are attentive.Word of warning to the non-smokers out there...if you can't hang with the smell, stay out of the bar.  I smoke off and on, and it doesn't bother me, but it seems like there isn't a soul in the bar that doesn't smoke, so prepare to walk into the cloud and leave smelling like a Marlboro factory reject.Best part about this place?!?!?  IT'S A CHARGER BAR!!!!  woo hoo!  I'm in love.
1	Well I am thinking it was this place in 2003. Our friends took us here for a good time. What a disaster. There were cars on the ceiling and all around. I remember that the food was absolutely horrendous. Not just is was ridiculously bad. I really am trying to find out whether this is the name of this place. I remember walking outside after in between big buildings or walls or something. I also remembered how our friends could take us to such a crappy place when there are so many half decent recents to eat. As Doctor Phil would say " what were they thinking?" . Any help appreciated. I need to post this place or whatever the name of it was  on my top 10 or top 5 worst meals ever . It was that bad. I would not even give it a 1/5 if was like  -5.
3	This was my 3rd time here. Another food trip inspired by a restaurant.com $25 gift certificate.We arrived at 7pm Friday night and the parking lot was fairly full but once we entered the dining room was empty-everyone was in the bar.We asked to sit upstairs in the game room and it was empty to. We had it all to ourselves....or so we thought.They have 2 pool tables,fooseball,pinball, racing,hunting and a jukebox plus a big screen with 3 couches to lounge and a 100"+ projection screen for events,etc.There's also a small bar upstairs but the waitresses do have to run up & down the stairs for soft drinks & food.We ordered drinks & some cheeseburger sliders for an appetizer. Then we all ordered sandwiches and a steak.My son got the Teriyaki Swiss burger with fries, my wife got the Turkey Bacon Club and I got the  Mustang Melt-an 8oz New York with bleu cheese and bacon bits.Before the food arrived a group of 10-12 kids and their parents arrived to add some life to the place. The kids were all well-behaved and excitedly enjoying all the games.The service was great, the food however was just ok. The hamburger taste like frozen patties flavorless & dry -not at all good. The turkey club was great and the steak was enjoyable but the bleu cheese & bacon wasn't necessary the steak would have been better without it.I was a little disappointed they didn't have the california-style  tuna melt that used to be on the menu (http://www.menusearch.net/lasvegas/restaurant.php?name=570)I will buy another GC @ restaurant.com but I will stay away from the burgers and stick to the pork tenderloin.
4	Looking for a place to hang with friends? This is the place.  Looking to grab a beer and watch the scenery alone? This is the place.  Looking to grab something to eat? This is the place.  No matter what time my friends and I stop by, the bartenders are friendly and the food is good.  We have eaten everything from the appetizers, to the delicious cheese tortellini (that could rival many of the high priced strip restaurants).
4	+1 for the restaurant.com-inspired visit, same as prior reviewer.We took some friends here for a bite to eat.  The dinner salads were nothing to order again, but the rueben was quite good.  You have to know what to order at a place like this.  You can't ask too much, because it's basically a bar that also has a restaurant attached.  It's weird inside - lots of car parts & all patrons are in the glassed-off bar portion.  You will be the only party eating.  On the upside, even a very limited waitperson can take care of 1 table quite competently.I have nothing bad to say about this place, but the 4-star rating takes the discounted price into consideration.
