5	Lovely,cosy little granny's style livingroom/tea room/knit shop. A moderate selection of real wool yarns,as well as wool yarn labeled "organic". Knitting,crochet classes are given here and Friday evenings are generally reserved for knit nights. Sometimes there are "surprise"Friday evenings,and this is when one can expect a little extra with the knit night.
5	My new favourite yarn store in Montreal. I'll preface my review by saying that if you're looking for Cascade or any other commonly found yarns, you'll be disappointed. But if you want high-end, independently produced yarns that are mostly made in Canada (with a few exceptions for some yarns from France), then you will be as excited as I was as I explored the store.I struck up a conversation with Clara, who was extremely helpful in telling me about the store and what it has to offer--not just nice yarns, but tea, very competent espresso), a pleasant place to sit and knit, classes, and being open everyday (a rarity among most stores in Montreal, yarn-related or otherwise). Their knit night seems very popular as well, and I like that the classes include spinning.It looked like the store was being restocked with new shelves added during my visit, so I don't think I saw the full extent of what they carry. I did buy two things I know I can't get anywhere else, as they were imported from France specifically for LMT: a skein of lace weight dyed with indigo and cochineal according to a medieval recipe, and two pairs of scissors made by the famed (well, in certain circles) M. Jean-Marie Roulot, who makes exquisitely designed scissors by hand in his home workshop in a French village. I wasn't expecting to spend as much as I did, but it was just a little too easy in this shop!I'll be back on my next trip, and will hopefully be able to catch one of the knit nights.
5	Loved  the place. I came in with ideas and got great suggestions. Lovely place, nice folks in both ownership and patrons, and sweet yarns. Glad I took the time to go there.
