5	Robert and Gabe were an incredible addition to our very personal wedding reception. Not only did they help keep the flow of the night, but they kept the audience engaged, throwing in jokes here and there! Even more, they were wonderful at reading the crowd and incorporating a variety of music. We provided them with an extensive list of "must plays" and guest favorites - we took song requests on our RSVP cards. When someone asked for a song that they surprisingly did not have in their music library - which is packed with great stuff- they quickly jumped on Wifi and downloaded the tune. Next thing we knew, the song was playing! Talk about incredible service. I could go on and on about their professionalism and class, but instead I'll detail my five favorite things about G&R Entertainment. 1. Great communicators whether on the phone, email and/or in person. 2. Fun and respectful of the audiences's needs and wants.  3. Affordable! 4. Helpful in creating and maintaining the reception timeline, even meeting with us in-person a month prior to the event.  5. Calm, collected and flexible during the planning process and event execution - they truly made my husband and I feel at ease! We are grateful for, Robert & Gabe! Thanks for making our wedding unforgettable!
5	Had an amazing experience with G&R personally at my wedding and have been to other events that they have DJed. Let me talk about my experience with them serving me first and then I'll talk about how I've enjoyed being at other events to those who I've referred them to.Firstly, dealing with both Gabe and Robert is extremely professional throughout the entire process.  They take the time to listen to you and make suggestions without overriding your desire for your event. They're attentive and accommodating with every aspect of the entertainment part of the event. We had wanted a dance floor, but didn't have a ton of space, but they made it happen. Lights, excellent music that had everybody dancing throughout the entire reception, and the gift of speaking on the mic the perfect amount of time. My wedding reception was one that I wouldn't forget anyway, but Gabe and Robert made it that much more memorable. As far as the other events that I've gone to where they've provided the entertainment, amazing as well. I went to a halloween party that they were featured at and they pulled out all kinds of tricks. Fog machine, lights, strobes, music fit the theme and they even were able to set up a projection screen  for the UFC fight that was featured that night. That was a huge plus because a ton of people wanted to go to the party, but didn't want to miss the fight, so this was the cherry on top. Their services are second to none as far as I'm concerned. I've been to events where other DJs are MCing the night and it always seems a bit awkward or they don't have enough equipment to handle the venue or the music is repetitive. Maybe I've just been spoiled with phenomenal service from the get go so most others fall way short of the bar set so high.If you want somebody reliable, attentive, and willing to go the extra mile to make your event extra special...give them a call.
