5	Jeremy Lehrke with Ranger Pest Control is OUR bug guy. Our neighbors have Bed Bugs and Cockaroches and can't seem to get rid of them' We simply followed Jeremys diirections and haven't seen ANY bugs. For weeds, bugs and even zombies, Ranger Pest Control is the way to go!
5	Jeremy at Ranger Pest Control was so prompt, nice, and helpful, as well as affordable when we discovered a bee hive in our tree. He came within an hour on a Friday evening. We will use him again for sure!
5	The best pest control service I have ever had!!! Jeff, the owner, always responds quickly, and Jeremy is always polite and professional. No lie, I have NEVER seen a live bug in my house in Arcadia Lite, and Holy Eff-A-Roonies is my wife nutso about bugs. After irrigation all kinds of creepy crawly friends of the Earth come up. We have been a happy customer for 3 years. His pricing is very fair. He even came out on a special call, same day because we have 3 little ones, for the Yellow Jacket nest under the wooden shed. Killed em' dead and only charged us $50. Would have happily paid $100. BTW, on their visit days, I just leave the back door unlocked and a check on the counter (along with a tip for Jeremy, $5, it's hot out there, so buy your service guy a Gatorade!) and he even puts the jimmy bar in the track as he leaves so my house is secure. Trust them. You're a fool if you're using the Big Name boys. Ranger is the real deal!
5	Ranger Pest Control is the best! We moved in our house a little over a year ago and the place hadn't been treated for a long time. The place was covered with roaches and all kinds of nasty bugs. I am seriously bug phobic so bugs at my house- no way! We called Ranger Pest Control and Jeremy was all over it.  He was very understanding of my phobia and took care of the problem right away. He is always very professional, courteous, and friendly. We recently had an issue of wasps show up in our yard so we called one of those bee/wasps specialists to come out. That was an expensive mistake. 250.00 for wasp treatment and then was told the treatment is only good for 24 to 48 hours and the wasps could come back after that. I couldn't even let our dogs out because they would be attacked by them.  When Jeremy came for our regular service I told him what happened and again he saved the day. He fixed the problem immediately and the wasps haven't come back. I will never use another Pest service other than Ranger because of Jeremy. As long as he's there they will have my business.
