1	I love design so I used to check out Barami for high-end furniture somewhat regularly. It's a massive store with enticing eye candy. They're known for doing Made in China knockoffs of high-end furniture, i.e.) a replica of 'design' couch that is normally $10,000 may be $5,000. Unfortunately however, the staff doesn't have much knowledge of design so they can't tell you what the pieces are replicating. But if you have any knowledge of design yourself, you'll quickly recognize the pieces that are knock-offs.It took me too long to realize that there is little to no workmanship in Barami's products. First, we bought a couch that looked amazing but came apart in less than two years. Same thing with a chaise lounge. The fabric's staples popped off the couch on their own. I bought a desk that wobbled because the legs were uneven. We bought stools that once we brought them home, noticed they were made unevenly. I bought a decorative (and expensive) light fixture for the kitchen but several of the pieces fell off on their own. Such poor quality. We kept everything we bought at Barami and tried to 'fix' them ourselves because we'd already paid so much for them. But the kicker was a plexiglass folding chair that I bought and which looked fantastic just sitting in my office, so I seldom used it. One day though, while I did happen to be sitting on it at my computer, doing nothing out of the ordinary, the seat of the chair completely snapped in two! It's not like I'm a heavy person so it must have been a manufacturer's defect - but a dangerous one, as I fell straight onto my tailbone (ouch!). I informed the staff so that they would be aware of the defect for future buying and I asked the staff if there was anything they could do about it i.e.) a repair, an exchange, a refund etc. and they nonchalantly said, 'no'. As one salespoerson told me, 'it's not like a massive factory like Barami needs to worry about one person's little chair.' Everything looks great at Barami but it's more for people who don't want to actually use their furniture - but just keep up appearances. Maybe perfect for people who assemble 'showrooms' in condos?  I won't buy anything there again though, as I'd be better off getting something cheaper and more 'typical' looking - even from IKEA which believe it or not, is of better quality than Barami.
1	Terrible place to shop. The sales staff is really nice, but the owner is a nightmare to deal with. I bought a table from them that was supposed to be delivered on the weekend. Once I paid for the table in full, they told me that no longer deliver on weekends. Working full time, I can't really leave my place and wait around for them to deliver the table during the week. Very poor business practice from this guy.
1	Terrible store,I bought groupons for 70$ worth 200$ in store value. There was a chair for 220$ I really liked. When I tried to use my Groupon the very rude owner said the chairs we're only sold in a set of 4. When I prompted him about the individual price tag attached to each chair, he told me that the Groupon was not really a discount but more of a way to get customers in the store, and the amount I was willing to spend wasn't enough, so he refused to honor the discount. He had the small text in the Groupon altered after that happened. Pretty sure that practice is illegal in Quebec. Don't shop there.
