3	I don't know many people who would spend ten bucks on a Philly cheese steak. That's the first big mistake, especially in this economy. The other mistake, which I am not forgiving for is bathroom cleanliness. If you want to turn off customers appetite- better get an air freshener. I got the hoagie with provolone cheese it came with lettuce and tomatoes..Tasted alright, but there was something missing. It tasted better with ketchup and mustard ! Overall, nothing extraordinary. I should've stuck with the traditional (mushrooms and onions grilled on top)!
2	Get a cheese steak and a drink, and you're tapped-out of $10 bucks. This place is a joke. Looks like and tastes like standard  frozen Steak-umm, big deal.  Really a lack of effort in-terms-of a "quality product" to produce a decent sandwich at that price.   Took two more sandwiches to the office for lunch, and they were upset with quality and price and said "never again". Unanimous from everyone! Thumbs down.
4	Heard about this place on  HOT 97.5 last week and I finally made it here today.I got the Mushroom Cheesesteak w/onions - cheddar cheese. It was really good. It was just under $10. It's about 10 inches. It's a little on the pricy side for a cheesesteak, but it was better than Capriotti's. So I guess you're paying for the difference in how good it is. Don't get me wrong though...Capriotti's is awesome too!!
5	I lived in Philly and visited Pats and steve's prince of steaks a few times a day LOL I been to places like this across the usa and this place is the best we had out side of Philly I had the Cheesesteak with white cheese and had one with cheddar cheese the cheddar was the killer. Wings was not bad but the Cheese steak is king
4	This place is good. So much that I brought my relatives from Philly to give it a try. Their response, "Its Very very Close". Well, I'm not from Philly, but I know a good sandwich when I taste one. Very Good.
3	Its Kinda pricey for the type of food they serve. The cheese-steaks are good through and I have not had a bad one yet. I have not made it to Philly yet so I can rate this place on authenticity. I would probably go here more if they were cheaper. 5- 10 bucks for lunch is my sweet spot, they are off by a few dollars.
4	came here for luch again around 6:30ish cause it's close to work and the food is good the price is fair today I had the Poor Boy Sandwich with a drink for $4.00 its around a footlong with your choice of veggies very delicious and my buddy Andy ordered the Supreme Pizza freshly made too  I had a Few slices that Pizza was off da hook if I may say so myself. I will be back fo sho
3	It was ok cheesesteak. The dining area was clean had a general Philly theme that didn't quite feel like it took to the place. The food was passable. In my opinion though pops near the mall is better authentic Philly cheesesteak and Capriotti's is better value. If they were the only game in town I'd be happy but because two better shops are closer I'll probably not return.
2	This place is way overpriced!! WAY OVERPRICED. To be fair I've never had a Philly cheesesteak so I had nothing to compare it to in that respect. However, Id rather have had subway over this place anyday. Essentially what I did was put all the meat (which was sparse) into one half of my sandwhich and ate it that way. Granted I dont eat onions so I'm sure thats a good space filler for them. I ordered mine with peppers and mushrooms - still stingy with that! Meat was soft and good, not chewy or with grizzle. But no, i wouldnt go back. $11 for one sub w/ sparse meat-with no drink or chips nah. I can go to subway and order a double meat with chips and a drink and still get it for less than this place.
4	They have great tasting phillies never been dissatisfied. Sandwiches are a but pricy but worth it. Hate hearing other people reviews complaining about the price... It doesn't mean you have to buy anything why don't people get that? The owners are nice as well as the cooks. Could use more in decoration but it's a good place to just sit for a minute and enjoy a good Philly, and to be original Philly you have to get the cheese whiz
3	I stopped by here for lunch today after spotting it from the road.I ordered the mushroom cheesesteak with fried onions. It was one of the better cheesesteaks I've had in town. However, it was a little pricey.The tables were a little dirty, and it didn't seem they were in any hurry to wipe the tables after people left.Overall, it was a pretty decent place. It's kinda far from me though, so I doubt I'll be back.
5	I love this place. When I first moved here, this quickly became a regular take-out spot. Not only because their food is awesome and it's close to my house, but the employees are great, too.Their cheesesteaks are delicious and their bread is soft, but solid enough to handle all the meaty goodness that is a cheesesteak.  I used to always get the chicken cheddar cheesesteak, which in my opinion, is better even than the beef. But lately, I've switched to some healthier fare: their turkey and cheese hoagie.I always order it dry (because I'm watching my girlish figure) and they never fail to make it exactly how I want it. The first few times I ordered it, they raised an eyebrow, but now they know just how I want it and it's perfect every time, loaded up with yummy turkey, a couple slices of provolone and packed with lettuce, tomato and paper thin rings of red onion.  So good it doesn't even need condiments, fortunately.I like coming in here because they're always friendly, but not overly and they recognize me now. The place is always clean, too.They have a vast menu outside of just philly sammiches. They offer fried shrimp and catfish and even lobster rolls, along with a full array of hoagies. Their steak fries are great, too -- I like them "well done".They are a *teeny* bit pricey, just a little tiny bit, but the quality of the product makes up for it. It's a staple in my take-out arsenal.  :)
4	its as close to Philly as you can get in the desert!
4	We were told that this place was the best Philly Steak outside of Philly, so it was next on our must try locations.  Well we sure weren't disappointed, had one with american one with provolone.  Didn't see one with whiz on the menu which had us confused, fries were also good and we'll be back as the Mrs craves philly steaks even though we've never had one in Philly!
5	I had only one sandwich there, the fanatic or something: an abomination of food, and is so good. Just don't plan on doing much afterwards :)
3	I'm not sold... yet. I stopped by here for lunch today because I've driven past the place numerous times. I am a Philly Cheesesteak fanatic by the way, so it takes a little bit more than saying you're "straight from Philly" to impress me. Albeit, I have never actually been to Philadelphia (believe me, it's on my short list of places I MUST visit). I ordered the small Philly Cheesesteak ($5) and a drink. My total came to around $7. I guess it's an okay price, but the cheesesteak wasn't anything to rave about. I got it with provolone (sorry, I know it's an abomination not to get it with Cheez Whiz). It was indeed small, but at least it was packed with meat. I still feel kinda hungry after eating it though.Perhaps I'll be back... I might try something else, but honestly if you can't impress me with the small Philly Cheesesteak, why should I come back?
3	I love good cheesesteak sandwich and had done some looking around for good ones. Before I came here I found Jerry's at the NE corner of Peco and Trop and thought that it was the BEST philly cheesesteak around Vegas. So when the RJ reviewed the Steakout, I went to try it. I must admit that it is very average in quality and service. I will be going back to Jerry's.
1	I decided to go here to eat cuz its right next to gamestop and we were hungry. Plus I am a cheesesteak fanatic. So I was thinking you cant go wrong with cheesesteak. But after eating here, I stand corrected. I couldnt be any more wrong! I ordered the special which had everything and it was 9 bucks. My wife ordered the catfish. My oldest son got the cheeseburger. My youngest got a plain philly. Ok, so...........1 star because the cheesesteak I got was a soooooo greasy and I could barely taste the mushrooms, onions, and green peppers probably cuz there was hardly any. By far this has gotta be the blandest cheesesteak I have ever had. While I was chewing I couldnt help but think of at least 3 Philly cheesesteak places that are way better than this place. (Jersey Mikes, Philly's Best, and Capriotti's) For 9 bucks I almost had the urge to go up to the counter and tell them I didnt like it and for them to refund my money. That was just the sandwich.Now the catfish......OMG that was even WORSE than the cheesesteak! First of all, the portions were tiny. There were 3 skinny filets on my wifes plate. The steak fries looked more appealing maybe because they were bigger and took up most of her plate. As soon as my wife took a bite, she had to eat some fries and cole slaw to get rid of the "bottom feeder" taste from her mouth. As soon as she mentioned it, I took a bite and it tasted like dirty sand. We both tried to mask the "sandy" flavor with lots of hot sauce and malt vinegar. I have never tasted catfish that bad before. The cheeseburger and plain philly was decent. If I had the option of no stars, then I would put that. So, if you are reading this and are thinking of eating here, DON'T!!!!!! I'm STILL trying to get rid of the "bad fishy taste" from my mouth! I definitely have to eat somewhere really good later on to make up for this bad experience.
4	I have been to Philly. I've had the real deal with the wiz and everything.Inside this joint they have all sorts of Philly sports themed jerseys and such. I thought that was a cute touch - even though I am not a sports fanatic.We ordered two of the small $5 steak sandwiches- one with the wiz and one with provolone. I will say that for $5 I would almost rather have a subway footlong. The sandwich isn't really worth that price - it's quite small. Wiz - When I had the sandwich is Philly with the wiz, it was awesome. Very tasty. This one was quite salty. It took away from the sandwich. I don't recommend this wiz.Provolone - Awesome. Probably the best steak sandwich I've had in Vegas, and I've been everywhere (Pops, Capriottis, Hougans, etc). The meat is tender and juicy. The onions and peppers have a bite to them. Perfecto!Staff was polite, and they got me my food pretty quickly. I would definitely come back to this place - just on a special occasion because of the price.
3	They have really good Philly steaks...only downfall is they are a bit overpriced! Other than that it's always delicious and fresh tasting. Good customer service!
1	The catfish was awful. I don't know what I was thinking ordering catfish from a Philly place. I just saw the sign and couldn't help but order it.  They weren't prepped right (full of skin and fat)  and I couldn't wash away the nasty fatty fish taste out of my mouth. Even if the person wasn't on their phone the entire time, it wouldn't have tasted any better.
2	Just ok. The place was drab and the food was fresh but no better than steak-ums on my stove at home. Its only counter service but thats no reason for there to be not a smile in sight.  The restrooms smell and I was compelled to hover and pray there wasn't a hidden video camera somewhere. At $25 for lunch for three, one shouldn't feel like they have to squat.
3	Pricey but good. I like the philly w provolone but I don't care for the fries. They are unsalted thick cut straight from the effin freezer. 3 stars is all they get. Hmph!
3	Fun place. Sandwiches satisfactory.
2	Not very good. I have had better at the chain place called Charley's. Also, I didn't know that the sandwich didn't come standard with mayo and lettuce so then I had to pay an extra 50 cents and the cook got pissed that it wasn't on the order and made a scene right in front of me. I won't be going back. BTW, I went during lunch time and NOBODY was there except for me so that should have told me the place was crappy.
