3	huge edlerly area, went over to grandma's house and asked where she wanted to go eat and she said Coco's :-( So i took her. Never seen so many old people eating at one place in my life. not a bad thing, it was just weird being the only people there with kids. Ordered the prime rib and it had good flavor but there was just way to much fat that i could only eat about a 1/4 of it. The seasoned vegatables i always liked but couldnt eat em.
4	I am a huge fan of there Chinese Chicken Salad, the dressing is very spicy but really good. Make sure to get extra wontons there really good. I have bene going to Cocos for a few years now and evertime I love this salad.The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is because last time I went I got my salad to go and they put the dressing on it, that to me is a big no-no when you are getting to go food, it should always come on the side, you should not have to ask. The manager was kind of weird to when I asked for extra dressing. If you are under 40 you might feel out of place, as this seems like the hopping place for 80 and over.
3	I've done breakfast here a time or two. I do totally enjoy the fact that the oj is bottomless but its no butterfields fresh squeezed thats for sure! The prices are good, especially for the over 55. They also have a decent under 500 calorie breakfast selection. I ordered the nut pancakes!! Wow I was pleasantly surprised with how good they actually tasted and the egg subsitution was better than a lot of other restaurants! Its nothing over the top amazing but it works if you are in the area, especially over IHOP or Dennys. And check out their pies! MMMMMMmmm good for a chain pie and definitely beats out the freezer kinds!
1	Waitress wasn't attentive, didn't refill coffee... ordered water never got it. Asked for chocolate milk, brought regular milk. These were just some of the minor "issues" I had this morning when I decided to dine at Coco's.Note to Coco's manager & waitstaff, when I go out to restaurants I at least expect my order to be delivered correctly.
3	I have never been to a Coco's I didn't like.  Although,. the night my husband and I went to this one, it seemed like everything went wrong.  First, there was no Prime Rib available. This was written on the sandwich board at the front. Yet, the main menu was all Prime Rib."There's no prime rib?" my husband quipped with the waitress.  She said because he asked she would give him a 50% off coupon for his next visit. Apparently, there was an issue with the restaurant not getting enough from their supplier.The meal was pretty good. The waitress was incredibly sweet and friendly.My husband had a craving for pie. He ordered a peach pie.  The waitress came back with the pie and showed us that it was not made well. Instead of syrupy, the peaches were more like water. She said they had a new baker and she had been avoiding selling the peach pie all day, because of this. She made a suggestion of another pie, then went to check on it.When she came back, she gave us another discount coupon and said she felt so bad about not having anything we ordered.  We will definitely come back, again, though.  Sometimes a lacking on food can be made up by great customer service.  Hope we get the same waitress again.
3	My mom and I stopped here for lunch today after going to the grand opening of Winco, neither of us have been here before so we figured why not. I would say its very clean, very nice decor, however I do agree with some of the other reviewers comments about poor service, not to mention her calling me and several other patrons around us sweetie after everything she said. Kind of annoying. A really cool thing about them is they display the calories for absolutely everything on their menus, I wish more restaurants would do this. However this will hinder some patrons from wanting to eat their because nothing they had was under 400 calories for a full meal. Food was pretty good.
3	The usual at a fair price.
2	Slow and rude service at a dirty restaurant.
2	I was not impressed with this restaurant.  The food was average...and not very fresh.  You could tell it was all frozen and processed.  I'd rather spend my money on a dozen other restaurants that serve the same food but at a much higher quality.
1	I went here with my girlfriend to try it out. We were not impressed at all. Very alow service. My order was wrong and i was barely able to flag the manager to have the issue fixed. I ordered fish and shrimp. I never thought fish would have no flavor at all. The only other time we actually saw our server was when we got our check. I paid only out of guilt.  We will not be back again.
5	Had breakfast with my son today and it was a great experience. Kathleen was a great server and made us laugh. Quick and friendly service.  Great food. Will be back.
4	Had the 'San Diego'platter which is Denver pancakes and poached eggs topped with Chipotle sauce...yum! Service was great. Our server greeted us with a smile and made sure we had everything we needed
1	This Cocos has issues.  One waitress serving a restaurant of 20 patrons...stood for 5 minutes before being acknowledged. Sat like dufuses while solitary waitress takes order for party of 12.  This at 8:30 p.m. at night.This has happened before.  Few wait staff coupled with visible dirt, grime and dust.  Thus restaurant needs a management,and cleaning intervention....
5	we eat here about once every two weeks. the service is SUPER great and the food is SUPER great also. great variety too! they are always super helpful when we bring our children. I cant say one bad thing about this place A+!!!
4	I have been here twice now in the past week good prices, delicious food, and friendly staff will be coming much more often.
2	Slow in getting our food. It took over 30 minutes after ordering and we arrived before noon. We will not return.
1	My grandma and I walked in to a line of 7-8 people waiting to be seated.  Customers were talking among themselves and to us about how they weren't sure how long the wait was because no one greeted them and surveyed the many empty tables available. One group of folks walked out after waiting. April finally came by after 5 or 10 minutes and seated the growing line.  When it was our turn, April didn't once make eye contact with us. Not even after reaching our table and seating us.  I figured maybe she was stressed out or busy... But still. That really set the mood. I don't remember our waitresses name. But I can tell you that she wasn't all that concerned with us for at least another 10 minutes. When she did visit our table, she was very unenthused about it and made me feel like she must have been waitressing for 20+ years... and is just sick of it. Grandma and I both decided on soup and salad.  Butternut squash soup looked like my grandma was eating baby food. Gross! Consistency, color, taste, everything. My tortilla chicken soup was slopped all around my bowl, there was more tortilla chips than soup... And the tortilla soup wasn't even tasty. Just bad.  Our waitress did not seem concerned that we didn't eat much at all of our soup as she brought out our salads. Even after I told her mine was just awful, I get a "alright, do you want something else?" And that was that. Uh, no I don't. We got up to leave after about 20-30 seconds of investigating our salads for traces of chicken. Mine had NONE and hers had a whopping 3 pieces.  Caesar salad was practically glued together by thick dressing and sprinkled with breadcrumbs or something. We waited politely at the cashiers counter (which is where you take your bill to pay) to inform someone that we were leaving. Caroline wasn't our waitress, but arrived and appeared genuinely upset by our experience and asked us if she could please wait on us in her section. Poor girl had no idea what we'd been through (not to mention the layer of dust covering the place).  She insists on bringing the manager over... Only to find out that it was April: the first gal who sat us at our table. The only thing Coco's has going for it is Caroline.  She was empathetic and professional.Caroline: get a serving job somewhere more your speed (meaning better). Yelpers: OMG RUN FOR THE HILLS BECAUSE WE DIDN'T PAY A DIME FOR THIS CRAP AND LEFT HUNGRY.
1	I haven't been to a Cocos in a few years, and I remember why now. I took my daughter there on a Saturday, mid morning. It wasn't very busy but there were tons of people in the waiting area. After 15 minutes of waiting for a hostess, I put my own name down on the wait sheet and took a seat. As more guests came in, still no hostess. It took 25 minutes for someone to acknowledge that there were people wanting to dine in their restaurant. After the hostess finally came up, she informed us that in addition to us already waiting 25 minutes, it would be an additional 10 minute wait. After being seated, the server was great, the food not so much. You could go to IHOP and get better food and faster service. Needless to say I won't be going there again.
3	Service was horrible our waitress was jackie food is good everything took forever to get to the table and people sat down after us and ordered more food and got the food and drinks before us
1	5/9/14: I saw they had remodeled so I decided to give them another try.  As I approaches the door I was greeted with clouds of cigarette smoke from the server who was standing at front corner smoking.  I approached the podium and waited.  Another server was on the phone and I heard her mention "Medicaid".  Since that is not an item served at Coco's, I assume it was a personal call. Eventually she said she would be with me in a minute.  She then leaned against the back counter and continued her call. Based on previous bad experiences, my smokey entry, the lack of making guests the first priority, and the district manager never following through on her previous call to me, I will never return.  I will share my experiences with everyone in my office as well, which is just down the street - over 300 people.  3/7/13: No change.  Slow service to be seated.  Poor maintenance. Tables had excessive wear marks from use as plates sliding across them.  Dirty walls near booth.
1	Won't be back! Went there for Breakfast and the place was only half full, and a zero wait on a Saturday Morning...You think we would be ecstatic right? NOT! Everything was downhill from this point. I noticed they were using wait staff to seat people and check people out, this is fine for a small mom & pop, but not for large chain restaurant. Where was the hostess and manager...no where to be seen, that's where. This should have been our first sign. After being seated, it took 10 minutes before they took our drink order. I had to ask twice for a spoon for my coffee. Probably the worst cup of coffee I have ever had. After placing our order, we waited 30 minutes, then decided to walk after noticing our food sitting under the heat lamp for god knows how long (while our so-called waiter was checking people out). Be warned...stay away.
4	In 2011, I wrote about the local Coco's. This is an update, since my husband I went back not long ago. This time, the prime rib was there, a slice of pie was part of my meal, and the whole pies were on sale, so we got the  chocolate cookie crust pie. By Golly! It was all delicious. I can't rave enough about the pie. Especially since I'm not always the biggest fan of pies. I thought our waitress seemed familiar. I realized she was the same waitress we had last time. Same amazing customer service and good food, as far as chain restaurants are concerned.
1	If I could give zero stars I would. We hadn't come to this restaurant in a while and couldn't remember why so we decided to go. It was a little busy but not too much, about 3 groups ahead of us. After we were seated they brought us bread and 2 packets of butter. It took about 5 minutes or so before they brought the silverware to spread the butter. While we were waiting for our order we overheard one waitstaff tell another not to bus a table otherwise they would keep seating people... Seriously! Eventually our food came. We got the Prime Rib BBQ burger and Parmesan Crusted Chicken. The prime rib on the burger was nothing but fat (what did I expect for $10 right). The Parmesan crusted chicken was terrible. It had the weirdest flavor, it tasted mostly like fish. Which means they probably don't clean their grill very well. Doubt we will ever give this place another chance, bad food coupled with bad service puts this place on my "do not go to" list.
2	The food wasn't the issue on this visit. It was the server. We waited for over 25 minutes to get our food and they weren't even that busy. When we ordered the food, my husband ordered the salmon and I the steak, we specifically asked for sides of teriaki sauce for our meats. The server did not bring it with our meals so we asked for it again and he said that they were making it up for us. 20 more minutes went by and he never once checked on us, refilled our drinks or bothered to bring the sauce. He was walking right past us and my husband asked him if the pitcher on the counter had ice tea in it and he said yes it did. We then asked for a refill on our glass that had sat there empty over 15 minutes. I asked one more time about the sauce and he just walked away. We ending up eating the fish with tartar sauce (yuck) and the steak with ketchup. Pretty lame. I will never eat dinner at this place again. If I go there, it will be to buy a pie and leave. The retirees can have this place.
2	Dropped in for Sunday breakfast with family at 11am. Wait time was short. Food was ok. Nothing to write home about.
