5	This place is adorable, and the tables they have inside are filled almost every morning I stop in here. The bagels are the best I have had in the state of Arizona!I used to frequent Kokibelli, however our office has recently moved and I needed to find a new bagel place.It seems to be the only one in the area. They offer Breakfast sandwiches as well as Lunch Sandwiches..Pitas and salads as well..The service is great!Make sure to visit this place if you are in the area! It is well worth the stop!I will be adding their menu as soon as our scanner is hooked up!
3	Delicious bagels!! Its a cute little place hidden away. There aren't many bagel places out here, so it was great to find this little hideaway! They have some sweet and regular bagels to try and a yummy variety of whipped cream cheese.
4	This is my favorite bagel place in the Valley (not just Mesa).  I'm often torn between the roasted red pepper cream cheese spread on a double toasted bagel (they even have a sign explaining the difference between single toasted, double, or triple toasting!) or the Sunrise breakfast sandwich with crispy bacon, red onion, and jalapeno cream cheese.  They open at 7:00 am on Saturday.
2	This place is ok I usually order the lox bagel with cream cheese and the wife gets the egg cheese sandwich  neither sand tends to have much flavor for some reason the bagels are good though the help tends to be young and or non friendly unless your a regular and with that level of service I will  defenitly will not be a regular
4	ok let me re review this place i think thebreakfast  bagel sandwiches i ordered yesterday were dang good the staff there the last 2 times have been more congeniel than in the past .
4	This place is YUMMY!
5	The best bagel shop I have been to ever!! They have sooo many choices of bagels, and listen to customer feedback (just added a Hawaiian bagel!! ) The staff there are very friendly and efficient! Anyone who lives around mesa must visit this cute bagel shop , you can also place an order to go. There phone number is 480 -807-5010. There prices are very reasonable as well.I used to always get my coffee from starbucks in the morning, but i am now getting them here, they have the best iced caramel mocchiato's and are cheaper than starbucks..They also have a punch card that you can use when you purchase anything .. 10th punch is on them!
4	Clean, cheap, friendly, and yummy.
5	The best bagel shop I have ever been to! I love their sandwiches and I love that there is always fresh iced tea brewed. YUMMY!
5	I am a regular at this bagel shop.  This is a family favorite for sure.  I like that they have a great selection.  The cheese bagels are the best around.  Other favorites are Apple Crunch, Cranberry, and French Toast.  The Hot Cocoa is good and there seems to be many coming in for the coffee.  I can't speak for their sandwiches but they seem to be busy serving those as well.  Staff is always friendly.
4	Bagel Nosh is a quaint little bagel shop. They have a multitude of bagels to choose from.  I had a breakfast egg bagel sandwich and half dozen bagels for coworkers. This looks like a small family owned bagel shop, which is nearest bagel shop respective to work.  The prices are quite reasonable too!
5	Fellow Foodies: These Bagels are the best Bagels in all the land! These bagels taste like the Chef King made them from scratch with his magical ingredients, and baked them fresh in his golden oven. Their warm Chocolate Chip Bagel (now who can say no to that?), and their toasted Cheese Bagels are amazingly delicious. If you get them single toasted, they are warm throughout, and barely crispy on the edges, and pull-apart super soft on the inside. *Bagel Bliss*Oh, and they have homemade cream cheese. You will never taste cream cheese as good as this, unless you are willing to grab your apron and cheesecloth, and make it from scratch yourself. Everyone I have brought here, has loved it. I know you will too :)
5	I Really love their bagels! They are so fresh and yummy. Great breakfast sandwiches and bagels!!! I really love the Arizona one. Plus they give you an extra bagel if you order a dozen. Great location and across the road is a really great gelato place too!
5	Fantastic place, good food, good service, good drinks. Haven't had the coffee but the chai is exceptional. I'm not religious but I don't mind that they're a Christian business that plays not that bad of Christian music. Only thing I would change is that the decor needs an update.
3	I really do love this place, and I come here about once a week because the bagels are just awesome! But I always leave frustrated. As a worker who also works in food service, I understand and appreciate how much tips go a long way. EVERY SINGLE TIME I step into this place I put $1 maybe $2 in the jar, they never say thank you. I'm giving you my money willingly, the least you could do is smile at me and show some appreciation.... Again, I love the bagels, 5 stars---customer service-2 stars. Hope the owner improves their employees attitudes.
4	Great bagels! Love going first thing in morning.  The have some amazing breakfast sandwiches too. The help is polite and helpful.  The place is quaint and quiet and not over priced. Parking is good. But it is kinda hard to find and you need to look hard to notice it.  I love it though
3	Pretty good bagels.  Stopped in to get a few bagels last week.  Was surprised at the prices. For a location such as this, they should be much cheaper. Those were prices I'd pay at an airport. And it didn't exactly blow me way either. Overall meh.
1	Not very impressed at all.  Gone there twice this past week.  Should not of given them a second chance.  Got the dozen bagel deal the first time and more than half the bagels were hard, thinking that the bagels were more than day old.  The next time we went for bagel breakfast sandwiches.  Got 3 az classics.  If it weren't for being hungry and not wanting to waste the sandwiches we would of thrown them away after the first bite.  The eggs are literally mush in your mouth, thinking that they use powder eggs.  The sandwiches had a lack of flavor.  Will not being going back or recommending it to anyone.
5	This place was great, I love the fact that it's family owned! The teenage kids working here work harder than some adults. I got a bagel sandwich with scrambled eggs sausage and jalapeno cream cheese.. I could have done without the cream cheese it was a little rich, but still good and I'll definitely be returning to try other things!
1	This is a review of the bagel nosh on higley and brown. I'm sad to write this review because bagel nosh used to be amazing when it was owned by the previous owners. Ever since bagel nosh got bought out, the bagels and quality of food has greatly diminished. My husband and I were regulars at bagel nosh for years and the bagels used to be the best bagels hands down! But now I would say these bagels are below par. Our last experience with bagel nosh cannot be described as anything less than garbage! The bagel sandwiches were extremely greasy, and the bagel itself was chewy and tough. It looked like a store bought hamburger bun with shredded cheese melted on top. The eggs were absolutely horrid and were mushy. For some reason they now use egg whites on their bagel sandwiches, and it's a flavorless piece of rubber! It's very disappointing to write a review like this, but ever since the new owner took over, the recipes have changed completely. I will not be returning.
1	New owners have really dropped the ball. It use to be great to wind down with some food and drink. Old owner and staff very friendly. New owner could care less. I will find a new place to go to where your business is appreciated.
1	I read somewhere they won a "best of" so i thought i'd give it a shot. Being from the East Coast, I KNOW a good bagel. I've SEARCHED the Valley for a bagel. Any. Decent. Bagel.Bagel Nosh ain't it. I ordered a half dozen, so we could try a variety, and every single bagel was nothing more than a roll. Seriously, what's a girl gotta do to have a proper bagel?
4	The bagels are fresh every time I come and they have a good variety of breakfast sandwiches
1	We have been regulars for 9 years.  The new owners don't seem to have a clue.  I really hate to say this because I always try to support local.  Not only has the quality gone down, but the TIME IT TAKES TO GET YOUR FOOD!!!!  I am not kidding when I tell you 45 minutes to stand in line. Order. Watch 10 people scurry back and forth behind the counter. Finally got my big order which was one plain lightly toasted with light cream cheese and one breakfast sandwich.  Everyone was mad.  Everyone was up talking to the owner.  I thought it may have been a busy Saturday, but my friends just went yesterday and SAME THING!!!!  My friend waited 30 minutes and then opened her bagel in the car to have the order wrong.  So disappointed.   Note to owners: if people had 45 minutes, we'd be at Crackers and Company or IHOP to sit down and be served.  This is supposed to  be FAST FOOD.  New travels quickly and need to turn this around quickly.  I hate to see this place go under.  I'll happily update this review if things change.
1	I'm sorry but I must agree with several of the most recent reviews. Having been a long time customer of Bagel Nosh, I've seen this particular location change hands twice in the past. Both times there were changes, but they were minimal. The biggest disappointment is the poor quality with this new ownership. The bagels are smaller and don't taste the same. Two Saturdays ago, there was a group of high school track students who had come in after their morning training run. I expected service to be slow that morning, and it was. But that's okay, I was glad that the store had a lot of business. But the person who took my order must have lost the order or gave it to someone else because the woman who finally put my order together came out and asked me three times what my order was. After waiting 25 minutes, she came out and asked me again. I was just about ready to say don't worry about it, you've obviously got your hands full, and just ask for my money back. But instead, I repeated my order to her. Ten minutes later she came out with my order. This morning hubby and I decided to try again. We placed our order (2 bagels with cream cheese and an Arizona Classic bagel sandwich). I presented my loyalty punch card which I've accumulated (finally!) enough purchases to earn a free sandwich. Under this new ownership, I was told that my punch card was no longer honored. Having purchased businesses myself, I feel it is poor practice to not extend good will to past loyal customers while building new relationships, especially for something as inexpensive as a bagel sandwich. It's a good thing I've got Kokabelli Bagel shop not far away as I doubt I'll be coming back.
2	I hate panning a family business like this, but they need a lot of improvement.The kid at the counter took my bagel order on a yellow legal pad, but directed me to the lady at the cash register to order my coffee.  While I stood in line, a perturbed woman cut in front to get a refund for something she ordered and paid for, but was later told they couldn't make.During my brief wait, I witnessed the following occurrence twice: a server came out with someone's order, called their name, and when the customer tried to verify the order was correct by asking what it was, the server gave an exasperated "I have no idea what it is" or "I don't know!" in reply.I asked if the bagels come toasted, and was told they toast all the bagels unless requested not to... however, my when my bagel arrived, it was not toasted.  (Still, it was delicious, and the reason I give this place more than one star).My macchiato came in a 20 oz. foam cup, despite my request to serve it in a mug (they asked my preference when I ordered).  Have these people ever made coffee before?  It tasted like 16 oz. of cold milk with a shot of espresso!  They got the recipe backwards!If you try Bagel Nosh, go in and order a bagel with spread To Go and skip the coffee.
4	Lovely little family business. I had the coffee cake and it was perfect. I absolutely love how soft and sweet it was.
5	The Bagel Nosh is a great example of what a local owner can do to tailor a business to the community.  It took awhile for new ownership to get their feet under themselves. ( you can likely ignore reviews before Fall 2014 ) but the new team is hitting their stride.  The bagels are surely delicious and lunch is just as good .  What makes visits to the BN a real pleasure is the owner and staff make sure you have everything you need, providing personal service at fast food prices.  And lastly, I love the local touch the art for sale provides...I have my eye on one or two pieces of art on the wall now.  Don 't miss the BN if you are hungry for a friendly local place with tasty food at fair prices !
4	What a wonderful little shop! The service is fantastic and the owner is so friendly. Try the ranchero breakfast sandwich, it's super tasty!
