4	Oh my gosh there is a freaking Rally's in Tempe!  I drove past it and I swear my heart fluttered.  The burgers are just as good as I remembered them.  The onion rings are oh so yummy!  The shake wasn't quite as good as I'd remembered from the one that used to be by my house during the "Rally's explosion" in the 90's, but it was still good.  While I was there last time there was - and I SWEAR to you I'm not joking - a small bus pulled up in front, a group of people got out and went to stand at the window.  As I was getting my food and driving away folks were slowly getting back into the bus with their food.  Where to I sign up for the Rally's tram???
5	Rally's has the best french fries in the universe.  I don't know if they were the first to do it, but Rally's french fries were the first seasoned fries that I ever had, and that was in the late 80s or early 90s.  The Big Buford is one of the best hamburgers around, and their prices are quite reasonable.  My first experience with Rally's was in my home town in Escondido, CA.  I hadn't eaten at a Rally's in over 6 years when I ran across this location by accident a few weeks ago.  When they first opened in Escondido I remember that the seasoned fries were the signature item.  I don't think they play them up as much anymore, but they're still just as good as I remember.The location of this restaurant is not ideal for most people as it's a little too far for most ASU students to get to quickly and there isn't aren't a lot of businesses nearby either.If you find yourself in the are, then eat here.  You'll love it!
3	Initially, when I started this review I had it @ one stars and then realized that the frys were A-OK so I changed and bumped it up to three with regard to the frys.  Everything else.  Bleck.  I ordered a bacon cheeseburger.  I'm not sure what was going on with the shape of the hamburger.  It looked like a flower.  But more over tasted like nothing.  No flavor, no heat.  My burger was cold when I chomped down on it.  That's just gross.  When I kept looking @ the burger itself I couldn't help but think they were the frozen patties that you get @ like Costco or the local supermarket.  At least with those you can gussy them up a bit.  The medium drink cup was good.  It wasn't a thimble or a 182 oz size.  Perfect.  The medium fry box was a joke.  The fries are good.  Nice seasoning, cooked well.  This was my first experience with Rally's.  I don't think I'll be back.
4	Rally's...what can I say? I'm so so so so sorry for ever going to the Burger King down the street! I didn't know you were there! Tucked all in the corner there, with the black and white sign, no big neons or nothing! Baby you know I love your Big Bufford! It is really big, but baby you know I like it that way! NO... I LOVE it that way. C'mon!You know when I dig deep into your fries that I love you! I don't know why you doubt me... the McDouble was just a phase! I was young and stupid... I was wrong. I love you. I'm sorry...
2	After going to a Rally's regularly when I lived in Indiana, I was excited to see one of these in Tempe. However, my excitement was tempered over several visits.First of all, if you're not familiar with Rally's, it is drive-up and walk-up only, with no inside dining. If you are not sitting at one of the few patio tables with umbrellas, you're gonna get it to go.The fries can be some of the best around. However, they can also be less than desirable, who knows what changes their quality from visit to visit. The burgers can range from really good to almost crappy. Once again, I haven't figured out why they change so much. Service is consistent, though. Consistently slow.I'm not saying stay away...but if you go, expect slower service than many fast food places, and inconsistent food quality.
1	go back to the days of standing in the 3rd grade lunch line. you are served up a weird textured burger on plain bun and it is so nasty you eat just enough to make it until you get to go home and not too much in order to prevent death by cafeteria food. this was very similar. even in the awkward freezer burn then microwaved scent. want to relive the elementary lunch room? take a visit here. i really hate to give 1 star but the entire hamburger and fries had to be trashed. so nasty.If someone suggests going to Rallys for a burger you better scream no!!!!!!! I was hopeful, I had been a few times, never impressed but never disgusted, but i also wasn't paying attention bc i try to only eat at places like this if i'm in a hurry.today, i was disgusted. I don't know if my senses were on height or something but this food was stinky. i have a thing about microwaves and these burgers tasted and smelled microwaved. I'm not sure if they were but i don't care, that's even worse if they werent. the meat was kinda grey and the tomatoes were colorless. I always upgrade my drink to a large and they asked if i would like to rally my fries. i stupidly made the assumption that this meant large fries and usually places charge you less if you upgrade both, so i said yes. let me tell you what it REALLY means. it means they are going to put every nasty condiment on your fries and serve them to you with a spork. after throwin my burger out i figured i could at least eat the fries(this was before i knew that they had been 'rally'ed up) i KNEW i could smell mayonnaise somewhere. i HATE mayonnaise. these fries were soaking in mayonnaise, and a bunch of other slop. I didnt take a very long look at all of the nasty things on top bc i had to trash it before i threw up. my goodness it was so gross. i can't even handle how gross it was.
3	Rally's... I seem to cross paths with you every couple of months.  Now your fries are without a doubt, hands down the best I have ever had.  Ever.  I just wish your small order contained more than 18 fries (yes, 18 was all that was in a small order.  $1.29 for that)  In my opinion, worth it.  Just barely.On my latest visit, my order was taken by a girl waving me to the window, a nice, fresh, proudly displayed hickey on her neck, and I think she was older than I am in.  Took a bit to contain my laughter and place my order.The burgers, nothing to write home about.  Not all that bad, but not all that extraordinary.  But for the prices on your budget menu, I'm not in a condition to complain.  The grease soaks through the buns nicely.  The cheese never seems to melt all the way and remains suspect.So, there is no inside dining room here.  The seating is outside on a covered patio, like at a Sonic.  Most of the tables have graffiti carved in them in some sort of language I can't read.  Almost like cave dwelling pictures. When the weather is nice in Arizona, I do like sitting out on the patio, taking my time eating, savoring those awesome, awesome fries, and wondering what sort of chemicals are in the cheese.  This particular location, however, has a pretty serious problem with pigeons.On my last particular visit, I was trying to eat, and those winged, rat bastards were getting close, standing on my shoe, looking for food with absolutely no fear of people.  They looked a bit heavy and knew they had a good thing going there.  I try to kick them off and ""shoo" them away.  I failed impressively.  They didn't care.When I was leaving, another customer sat down, put his food out, and walked back to the window (I assume for ketchup or napkins or something because he was only gone for about 30 seconds)  In that time, the birds jumped up on the table, and attacked his food with the precision of a smart bomb.  Jumped up on the table, ate ALL of his fries, almost the entire top bun of his burger, and knocked his drink over.  He comes running back, yelling "Go away, get!"  (The pigeons do not speak English, and continue to devour his food)  He looks at the tattered remains of his meal, throws what is left in the bag, and throws it away in the trash can, yells "FUCK!" as loud as possible and storms off to his car.  One of the remaining pigeons shits on the table.  Laughed my ass off.  Not a bad place to stop at, just don't leave your food attended.
4	dude. I just like it. It's hot, fast and cheap. (Kind of like someone i know... that's what she said... but I digress.) The only thing is that sometimes at night there is no manager on duty so the employees are totally fucking off and slow and will charge you the wrong total... but it's so inexpensive anyway you likely won't really notice or care. But I'm a cheapass so i noticed.
3	Working in the business area of Washington and Priest and only having 30 minutes for lunch sucks. Usually it's an epic race against time to pick something up and make it back to my desk before it's too late. Today I decided that I was going to attempt to make it to Rally's and it was a great success. The drive-thru was completely dead, so I was able to make it back with time to spare. Personally, I think the burgers here are average but the thing that has me coming back for more is the fries. Their fries rock! Tasty and crisp, they make my fat ass happy. The only downside to this location is that the placement of the store is pretty bad and to get back on Priest can be a real pain in the ass. They also have a really bad pigeon problem outside so if you're eating there beware! Those birds are swift and dangerous and extremely hungry. Their prices are reasonable and I have never had issues with the staff.
3	Banana Shake and Seasoned Fries. Stick with that and you are good to go!
4	Wonderful low priced food. Love the fries! Love the Buffalo Hot wings, Good spicy chicken sandwich, good chili cheese fries, Good variety of burgers.  Fast service. I fight the urge to stop in almost daily!
3	If you want to feel really bad about what you're eating, you'll love Rally's...I tried this place for lunch, after I heard about the "Baconzilla". I love bacon, so this burger sounded like a match made in heaven for me. The burger itself was OK, though I didn't love it. It was two patties, cheese, and about 47 slices of bacon. The bacon was the saving grace, as the burger itself was a little dry and didn't have a ton of flavor. You can also have different styles of "loaded" fries, I had seasoned fries with cheese and bacon. When I think about my meal there, it's amazing that I've lived long enough to write this review...It's a quaint little place, you can either walk up and eat outside or do the drive thru, either way the food is ready pretty quick. In addition to burgers they have chicken strips and a double decker fish sandwich, so it's not all about the red meat. It's not high quality, and it's the furthest thing from good for you, but if you're in the area and you want a greasy burger, Rally's is a good place to try.
4	A bit sketchy at night, but we always go through the drive thru and their always pretty quick.Their burgers are great, and their seasoned fries....*drool*. My hubby loves their bacon cheese fries.
1	Bad food and horrible time to cook the food
3	Fries kickass  burgers are ok.
3	Hard to complain, fast service, good prices
4	Rally burger is a pretty great alternative to McD's or BK, and its somewhat unfortunate that there aren't more locations in the Phoenix area. Their seasoned fries are awesome and even better with chili. What I was really impressed with, though, is their value burger selection and flavor. A simple rally burger is a buck and change and seems like some of the non-value burgers at other fast food. Good condiment to meat ratio, and flavorful. And no skimping here...you get all the condiments even on a value burger: lettuce, tomato, pickle, onion...all that. The other thing I really liked was they have a value buffalo chicken burger which was actually really tasty. All in all, yes its fast food, but its a different flare with unique options and arguably better quality in some areas.
5	rallys dude drove here drunk last sunday. me and burd ordered some blt's and i said "gimmie ur largest order of onion rings my man!" we were sitting there chowin down when all of a sudden a brawl broke out. luckily  they were throwin broomsticls chairs and razor wire (only at each other dude)i had my mace can but fired it backwards out accident as i tried firing indiscriminately. shot it in my bug glasses sorry dude.
3	Better then McD and Bk. The Rally burger is kind of small the fries were good. Overall great alternative. Will try more options next time.
3	Has anyone seen the Undercover Bosses- Rally episodeIt's a good oneI enjoy chowing at Rally's from time to time. It always seems like such a different experience compared to today's big corporations like Mcdonald's and BKThis is the only Rally's location I know of in Phoenix but I am pretty sure there are a couple moreThe food is good hereThe Burgers are nice and a good sizeThe fries have a nice textureThe milkshakes and sundaes are wonderfulThe customer service is superb as wellIf you haven't been to Rally's You're missing out
4	I tried Rally's for the very first time on Thursday. It was lunchtime and I got in and out of their drive-up in 5 minutes tops! Their service was so quick and good, but the food was a bit pricey for my liking ($7.45 for what I had). I will say this though: I did enjoy the combo I had that day. It was their Double Double Fish Combo with a large size Diet Coke and Seasoned fries. I'm sure I'll try them again because they have other items which look very good as well.
3	Rally's is slow either you like it or you don't. I've had good meals here and Not so good new items so I go mainly for a burger and ice cream. ..
1	Went here for the first time to try something new... bad idea. Expensive, lack luster burgers. Their menu here on yelp does not pair up with what they actually offer either. We went through the drive through at about 830pm on a Saturday and they forgot to give us our wings. Didn't notice until we got home :-( Would not recommend.
3	I only come to Rally's just to order their fries and sometimes their strawberry cheesecake stuffed cone ice cream. For some reason I am always craving those two items. Everything else is unappealing to me. If you come late at night, service can be a little bit slow because there is only one guy working there.
4	The burger is not tasty but the seasoned are effing delicious!!!!!!!! The fries give you the 4 star lol..,
5	Great tasting food and service during today's visit really hope they keep up the great work
3	I think all of their sandwiches are pretty terrible. They're bland, small, and have an odd texture. I tend to feel awful if I eat their sandwiches. Their fries however are probably my favorite fries from any fast food joint. My boyfriend and I have actually grabbed some of their fries to go but pick up sandwiches elsewhere. Lol so they get 3 stars for the yummy fries!!
3	I love the fries here!!!
1	First time at a Rally's, last time at a Rally's. Their fries were good but the honey mustard sause was a weird gelatin consistency. I asked for another one at too looked like brown jello. The "chicken" strip were paper thin oddly flavored strips. The big chicken sandwich should be called the big mayonnaise sandwich. Fries aren't worth coming back.
4	I believe the speed of service was fairly quick and order was correctly made,customer service was pretty good and  the cashier was very friendly I honestly believe everyone should try it for themselves I been going here for the past two years and every visit is different depending on the workers and how busy it is when I arrive. Everyone should try their asking for the food fresh if they have spare time to wait totally worth the wait ^_^ hopefully everyone gives it a try
1	food was Great.... Now the service i experienced was bad. i waited for nearly 30 mins for my order and while i waited i notices that the drive thru was orders were moving fast. so if you order from rally's i would suggest going to drive thru and make sure to check your order or it my be another 30 mins before its corrected
1	again again again this place is really starting to suck. i hate that this Rallys keeps messing up my orders
