4	Chain fast food - don't eat it all the time you you will have problems. And, at a Mexican place... those problems don't always come at the right time.Food is like any other Taco Bell. Service staff at this one is a little better than the rest.TIP: Oh ya.... CLEAN Bathrooms!
2	I admit I have a sick love of the ground beef taco salad at Taco Bell.  There's something addicting.  However, the taco salad I purchased here was horrible.  The shell was not cooked well, giving it a very raw, bitter taste.  The amount of meat, tomatoes  and lettuce given was quite pathetic.  A could count the amount of chopped tomatoes served on my hand. And the lettuce barely covered the button of the shell. Service was pretty quick and customer service was pleasant, but the restaurant seemed to be pretty stingy.  Can't recommend this Taco Bell.
4	Its taco bell. As taco bells go, this location is second in my opinion to the taco bell on 67th and happy valley. As far as fast food goes, taco bell is by far the best bang for your buck and tastes light years better than any burger place.
2	This Taco Bell is going down hill. Very slow in getting your order. The manager doesn't speak to his employees with respect. It's a bummer because it's the only one close to me.
1	Been going there since they opened, service has deteriorated in the last year, to the point that I am done frequenting this store.  Have stopped in the evening, seen 8 cars in the drive thru yet no one in the store, so I go into the store and literally waited 15 minutes for 3 tacos, I guess I just got put into the line with the cars, ridiculous bot not the show stopper.  Drive thru messes up orders on a regular basis, 3 of my last 4 orders were wrong - missing items, wrong type of tacos etc, but usually not worth the 3 mile drive back to the store.  But last night changed all that....Last night, I ordered 3 Soft Taco Supremes with extra sour cream, simple right? Tthat is what I paid for.  I should have checked but I didn't, I get home to find 3 plain soft tacos, no sour cream, just sad little piles of soggy tortillas.  OK, here we go again, but this time I returned to the store and told them in the drive thru that they had made a mistake and I needed 3 Soft Taco Supremes with extra sour cream.  I pulled up, they would not take the original order back, they hand me a bag, I say "3 Soft Taco Supremes with xtra sour cream right?"  He paused, then said "I think they forgot the sour cream".  he then handed me a plastic tub containing about a tablespoon of sour cream ($1.20???)  I just shook my head and went home. Opened the bag.... and found 3 Hard Tacos.  This is insane right?  I get in the car and drive back for the 3rd time, this time I went into the store, and firmly requested they fix it.  Was a bit taken aback by the joking around about how they screwed up with the staff who was preparing the food, but I know better than to yell at the people handling my dinner lol.  The prep guy then brings me my bag and somewhat sarcastically opens up one of the bags to show me the "See... soft taco supremes"  at which point I had to ask him "where is the sour cream?"  he then went back and added a pile of sour cream to each taco, and I mean a pile, probably close to a 1/4 cup of sour cream per taco, I took the bag and left. Horrible experience after working outside in the AZ sun all day.Thats it for me, going to have to hang up the taco cravings for the time being.
5	By far the cleanest Taco Bell I have ever been to! The staff was very friendly, our food was ready super fast and the manager actually went from table to table asking how the food was (which I have never seen at a fast food restaurant) and she gave everyone a coupon to try their breakfast!
