3	Pretty decent quick breakfast or lunch for the working crowd.  It is located in the ground floor of an office building and open weekdays only.  Very casual and service is at the counter - they call your name when yours is ready.  Nothing is fabulous, but everything I've had (which is a big selection because I work nearby) is at least palatable, which is loads above most office park cantinas.  They serve Starbuck's coffee all day.  They do not have a grill, so everything hot is from a sandwich press, boiled, or from what looks like a mini deep fryer.  To their credit, they seldom try items that are only good grilled (hamburgers), and do a decent job with the equipment they have.  Lines can be long, with waits up to 15 minutes between 11:45 - 12:15, so time your visit accordingly.
2	So much for the Starbuck's coffee at Veranda. As of this week they've replaced it with some wimpy Folger's-syle stuff. Humpf. I guess everybody is trying to cut costs in this economy, but they've just eliminated the main draw for me in the morning. because my office lunchroom coffee tastes better than their new stuff. Woe is me...
2	It's better than nothing. If you work in the area (16th and Morton) and have a limited amount of time for lunch, or if you didn't have time to eat breakfast in the morning the Veranda Bistro is for you. You will be completely not-excited-but-not-disappointed by this exactly as expected food. The breakfast menu is essentially 4 ingredients (egg, meat, cheese, starch) served in several varieties. They all pretty much taste the same. One warning, the home fries are typically undercooked. The eggs have an amazing characteristic, that being the ability to crumble into a pile of bits too tiny to be picked up with a fork. I sense some breakfast fairy magic at play. Lunchtime is a bit better, with several sandwich options, both cold and hot. There are salads and soup, and a variety of deep fried snacks. I've eaten a few of the cold sandwiches, and they are moderately tasty. The salads are premade and sitting in a cooler, which makes for some drippy lettuce. Speaking of lettuce, I would love to meet the monster that's strong enough to cram THAT MUCH lettuce into one container. I'm not exaggerating when I say I pulled off enough lettuce to make two more salads of equal size. No one in this world needs that much lettuce in one sitting. Veranda Bistro serves a valuable purpose and is blessed with a great location. It's the only restaurant within walking distance for a few thousand people. I only wish that they tried a little harder rather than delivering exactly what I expected. Curse my low expectations!
4	It's convenient.  I've been working in the area for over two years and they still have the same menu.   The best is the crossaint delight and the turkey wrap with added sprouts.  What they have is good, make no mistake.   Perhaps a website with announcements of their daily specials would be great.
4	"The Bistro" as we call it, is right next door to my office. I walk to work every day and this is my breakfast and coffee stop most mornings. A bagel, English muffin, or a croissant with a breakfast meat of your choosing and some egg and even the dreaded cheese (we have got to stop putting cheese on everything, America) can be yours for about $3.50. And this is a big muffin/bagel.croissant, not a mini-Mickey D's sized meal. I've had quite a few lunches here as well, and the Veranda Classic on ciabatta and the Chicken Soprano Panini are my #1 & #2 respectively. With fries and a drink, it's about $7.50. Asian Chicken Salad is pretty good, too.Different menu items show up as a special now & then- one time it was General Tso's chicken with fried rice, a chorizo burrito another. Hot dogs have been spotted at The Bistro.Everyone here is friendly and now that I'm a regular, Pam makes my coffee for me just as I like it and I don't even have to add my own cream and sugar anymore. Only open til 3pm and only on weekdays.
1	The service was horrible, the breakfast menu only had 4 basic ingredients, and the employees could not understand what we were asking, most likely due to a language barrier. The eggs and bacon were just bad. I would rather have gone to mcdonalds honestly. The food was put in styrofoam boxes even though we planned on dining in. I was hoping to have a nice morning breakfast with my boyfriend, but this place just did not live up to the appearance given by the website. I will give them that their frappes were good, but that was about it. They were about the same price as starbucks. Overall, it was a horrible experience. If your in the area and want breakfast just go get an egg mcmuffin at mcdonalds down the street, it has more flavor and they have better coffee.
4	Work in the area and love having a place so close that I can get breakfast and lunch that is fast and tastes great.  Staff is always friendly and remembers your favorites.  Food is great and is warm when it should be and cool and crisp when it should be also.  As for French fries and home fries, they are the best!  Crisp on the outside just the way I like them!
4	Friendly, fast and great food!  I start my mornings off with some of their flavored coffee, or one of their blended drinks that would make Starbucks envious, along with a breakfast sandwich.  Very nice to be greeted by the staff with a smile and friendly hello.  Lunches are great and the daily specials always have a nice twist to them.  The owner is personable and always willing to go the extra mile to make you happy.
4	I have been here a few times for lunch. The food is good and the prices are also. I was pleasantly surprised by a salad of all things. It was a soup and salad combo that i ordered. The ingredients were fresh and i was able to choose what i wanted on it and the broccoli cheese soup was also very good. It is a nice convenient and quick little lunch spot.
