4	YUM! We were introduced to this place by native Pittsburghers, who took us there for the all-you-can-eat buffet on a Sunday. And if you're like me, you can eat alot when it's good. And this is good. HUGE veggie selection, and tandoori that isn't oddly pink. More condiments than usual, buttery naan, and decent price make it better than most.
5	This may be my favorite Indian Restaurant in the US to date.Over the years, I've had several friends who live in Pittsburgh. One lived right down the street from India Garden, and she introduced me to the restaurant. Every time I go back to Pittsburgh, IG is a must-stop.Not only are they open super-late, which is really nice if you have a student schedule, or happen to be rolling into town after a 4-hour car ride late at night, but dinner is half-off then, too! And its delicious Indian food, with a pretty wide variety of options, including a good vegetarian selection.If only this place were in Austin. We could use some better Indian food here.
4	Probably my most favorite Indian restaurant to date, and I've only eaten there once.  The reason for the 4 stars is that the walk to the restaurant was kind of through a sketchy neighborhood.  I didn't feel comfortable walking it alone.Other than that, I ordered the chicken vidaloo and garlic naan and it was absolutely delicious.  I took my order back to my hotel room, and was quite surprised to see the amount they gave me.  More than enough for 3 people I think.  I did my civil duty (since it was on the company card) and ate as much as I could..  it was divine.  The waiters that worked there were quite nice as well, asking me to take a seat while my order was waiting and offering refreshments.  A+ (except for the neighborhood)
3	Decent Indian food. Not incredible, but not bad, either.I usually go for the lunch buffet ($8.95/person) since shelling out $50+ for a decent dinner for two doesn't give me the food for value I can get elsewhere in town.  As someone else mentioned, they have a late-night 1/2 off deal, but unless you want to eat dinner around midnight, it doesn't make too much sense.Nothing stands out in my mind as a "must have" or "to die for".... But, on the flip side, nothing is a "must miss", either.
3	The service here seemed kind of spotty.  The wait staff seemed upset and frustrated that I was eating at their restaurant.  Maybe this was because I was requesting ridiculous, difficult things...like a beer with my meal (I know, I know, I'm a terrible, crazy person for even thinking of doing something like that).  Speaking of beer, the drink menu said $1 drafts all day.  Crazy, $1 drafts?  I couldn't believe it.  Well, when I got my check, my $1 draft cost me $4.  Meh, that's not a bad price for what I got, but it would've been nice if I hadn't have been mislead about the price of beer.  Oh well.  I'm still giving this place 3 stars, because if you're okay with poor service , this is a good place to grab a meal.They have a $9.99 dinner buffet that's probably the best value unless there's a specific dish you want or you really want made-to-order food.  Everything in the buffet was flavorful, although it certainly wasn't the best Indian food I've ever had.  As far as spiciness goes, all the buffet food was around medium - not too mild, but certainly not hot.  There were a good variety of dishes in the buffet - I'd estimate somewhere around 8-10 main dishes plus a variety of sides.Overall, the food is good, but there's definitely better Indian food out there.  Also, be prepared for less-than-stellar service.
5	The best Indian restaurant in Pittsburgh, though People's and Bombay are good too.  I moved to Pgh from Ann Arbor, Michigan almost three years ago and it surprised me that there weren't more decent Indian restaurants.  But then I found India Garden and I took it back.It is true that there service can be a little slow (can be, though not always). But they more than make up for it.  And with their 4pm-6pm half off special and their bar (at least in Oakland), it doesn't get any better.  I highly recommend their Navarratan Korma and their Tandoori Chicken.  Amazing.
3	I mainly come here to get my fix of Bollywood music videos. I'm also fascinated by those little metal cups that they serve water in.The food's not bad either. Not superb, but not bad. The naan, on the other hand, is purty darn good. IG is definitely one of the better dining options in Oakland. Make sure to stop by for their lunch buffet or in the evening for the 1/2 off special to catch great deals.Parking generally blows, but it's Oakland...what's new?
3	Good memories here. Great Indian food late at night for college kids, and I believe it was half off after a certain time. The entrees can get pretty spicy, so please exercise caution when ordering spiciness level. If you want something filling, try any of the biryanis.There's a club either downstairs or next door that's thumping at that time, so that might be why everything's half off.
3	I'm really in a quandary here, I believe this place to be a 3.5, so I'm on the low side of the middle.The case for: The food was pretty darn good. I wouldn't say amazing. The naan was solid, the samosas were solid, we tried their version of chicken strips (which were a little weird, but fair enough); Randy S. had a good spinach dish, mine was chicken vindaloo, which was pretty darn good. It's open late, lots of Indian people there, which is at least reassuring and also makes the experience more Indian. The case against: It's pretty average in terms of Indian food. It would be a place I would be happy to go if I felt like Indian food and someone suggested it, but I can't imagine really beating a path there. It was almost impossible to find parking too. I think I'm going to keep it at 3, but it's recommended. I would have no hesitance to say it's good and someone should go if they are looking for good Indian in P-burgh. It's just a little average.
5	Hands down the best Indian food I've had in Pittsburgh (and a few other cities...)  Cheap, delicious, great service - what else is there to say?  Also, used them for catering a decently large event (100+ people) and it was amazing!!!
4	I ate here my first night in Pittsburgh and thought that the Oakland area was so much cooler than it actually was because of it. The food isn't mind-blowing Indian food, but it is pretty damn good - and if you go during Late Night it's well worth the price. Like others have mentioned I love that it is open late, very reassuring in a college town, and the ambience is just fantastic. This is one of the few over-decorated restaurants I don't feel is contrived (i.e. buca di beppo) - the abundance of decor seems authentic and who can get enough of the bollywood videos playing in the background? It makes the wait for the food just fly by. Food is okay but extra points for the experience as a whole.
4	I've been here twice and both times were for the lunch buffet.  I've been to many Indian Buffets before, but I'm going to say India Garden's is the best.  What makes this place stand out from the others is the fact that there is always plenty of -fresh- food.  You don't feel like you're eating curry that's been sitting there for a few hours.  I think it helps that they have lots of customers, so the turnover rate is high.  Plus, the naan here is soooooooo yummy.  It's thick, chewy, soft and frickin' delicious.  I would come back here just to eat the naan (dipped in some of their tamarind and onion chutneys).  They have several vegetarian options as well as more curries for the meat-eaters.  Their salad bar is the only part that's lacking, but that's OK since one shouldn't go to an Indian buffet to eat salads.  The service was great also.  They immediately sat me at a table when I walked in and my water glass never fell below the halfway mark.  The lunch buffet costs $8.99 per person and is worth every penny.    Do yourself a favor and skip breakfast before you come here.
5	I miss you IG! I didn't realize how hard it is to find a good Indian Restaurant  until I left Pittsburgh. I usually went for the half off deals for an early (4pm-6pm) or really late (after 9:30 or 10...i forget) dinner. My favorite dishes were chicken korma, palak paneer and chicken biryani. During the day, they also have a buffet for $8. If you go on a Saturday they serve this fried bread, really tasty. IG has the most and best selections for lunch buffet. It even includes a good variety of desserts.  My mouth is salivating just thinking about it. The owner and waiters are really nice too.
2	Maybe I went on an off night, or maybe I shouldn't have gotten the buffet, but it really wasn't that great. The Naan was rock hard, most of the food items weren't fresh; and well, it was just Meh. I'll try it again and order off their vast menu which hopefully will result in a better quality of food.
4	Went during lunch over the weekend, and it was easily one of the very best Indian buffets I've had a chance to eat at.  The spinach and mushroom dish was delicious, as were all of the vegetarian options here.  Whereas it doesn't seem a major thing, the condiment bar; chutneys, raita, kheer, etc, was one of the most complete I've seen.Will head there again.
5	This place is plain awesome. Quite possibly some of the best Indian food I've ever had. It's set in a neighborhood by the university and heard during school it's super packed with a huge wait. But, school wasn't in session and we were seated right away. Portions are small, but you don't need much when you have a piping hot plate of curry awesomeness. The garlic naan ist heavenly and (even though out of a gallon jug) mango drink goes perfectly.Highly recommended spot if you are in Pitt and craving all of the above. Also, as in any Indian Restaurant it seems - pop music blasting in the background and velvet paintings. Lots to look at and big, comfy wood booths. Lovely.
3	You know, I was here ~2 years ago and I was a HUGE fan. After coming back for 2nds, I can def say I had one too many drinks last time to be craving for more. It was okay, but like what everyone said, the service is poor. Furthermore, for Indian food, it's pretty expensive for what you get. I can get the same stuff w/ mildly better service in San Francisco for much less. I probably wouldn't come back again, but it was a let-down not being able to re-experience India Garden in all its glory like how I remembered it. =[
4	Service: 3.5 stars (out of 5)Food: 4 starsPrice: 5 stars (easily under $10/person)Atmosphere: 3.5 stars (4+ if you don't mind constant Bollywood music videos)India Garden is one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. I really like the huge variety of dishes, which includes many vegetarian dishes. I'm not sure how vegan they are: they taste like they're cooked with ghee (clarified butter). There's this one dish made with spinach and  mustard greens which looks like a dip, and is absolutely delicious. They're pretty good about making it as spicy or as mild as you would like. Their buffets (lunch buffet during the week and dinner buffet on Sunday) usually have a pretty large selection. When I've gone, there has always been rice, naan, three or four vegetable dishes, pakoras, three or four meat dishes, a salad bar, and some deserts. The prices are quite reasonable, if you do happen to pay full price. But there are regularly coupons in the City Paper, they offer half-price meals from 4-6pm and from 10pm to midnight, and a student ID will get you a 15% discount. It's not the Ritz, but it's good, hearty, large portions of slightly greasy food at a great price.A NOTE ABOUT THE ATMOSPHERE: Every time I have been to India Garden, there have been at least three VERY LARGE flat-panel TVs playing Bollywood music videos. I have only found one table in the whole place that doesn't leave you facing at least one of these TVs. I never watch TV, so I find the constant brightly colored moving images very distracting. It is a compliment to their food that I keep going despite the fact that the TVs interfere with my dinner conversations. Thankfully, they usually keep the sound off, and just play some more mellow Indian music on the stereo.
2	I guess I'm in the minority, but I was never all that impressed with this place.  The best Indian food in Pittsburgh?  Hardly.  I found it pretty low quality, not very fresh, kind of greasy.  The staff was pretty unfriendly, I didn't feel welcome there.  The one redeeming quality is that it's half price after 10pm, but it's often packed, dark and loud by that time.  It's a decent place if you're having a night out in Oakland and want some cheap drunk food after hitting the bars, but other than that I'd avoid it.
4	I went here with my best friend for the lunch buffet. The food was really well seasoned and delicious! The naan was like perfectly cooked, and they had a large selection of vegetarian dishes (great for me since I am one). I think it's a really good deal, definitely stop by if you are in Oakland.
5	This is by far my most favorite Indian place in the city. Great happy hour prices for 50% off chicken and veggie dishes around 4p-6p (or is it 3p-5p? Anyway, the owners are great and make you feel welcomed. They will remember you by name. Food is delicious!!!!
3	Solid lunch buffet with naan, pakoras, about 6 veggie dishes, 3 chicken, and 1 goat curry.  Service was iffy - we sometimes waited a while for our drinks to be refilled, and it wasn't really clear that we had to go up to the counter to pay until we saw someone else do it.  It was really quiet, which I was not expecting based on the other reviews.  The matar paneer and the tofu palak were good, the aloo gobi and the chana masala were good, the dish with the baby potatoes was ok.  The salad bar section was under a green light so it was hard to tell what everything was, and not everything was labeled.There was a $3 off two lunch buffets coupon in the Clipper magazine, but it still came to $18.  Either they're charging a LOT for soda or the buffet is more expensive than it says it is on the website.  But the food was pretty good and I'd definitely be willing to come back during the 1/2 off hours.
1	This place was incredible...in the awful sense of the word. ****Go to Star of India on Craig street for both food and service (an unsolicited plug). The food I am sure was decent if you got what you ordered, however if the server writes down your order wrong it is up to you to either pay for the mistake or suffer the consequences. We went for 1/2 priced / happy hour time here and ordered the food, I even pointed to what I wanted on the menu, the waiter brought out a completely wrong dish. I didn't eat anything but the nan and some of the sauce. When we got our bill I had been charged full price, I was then told that what I was brought was not on the 1/2 price menu, and therefore I would have to pay full price. After much arguing I was given the 1/2 price and told to leave the food behind because I did not pay for it. Therefore I am under the assumption that it must have gotten re-used, because why else would they want the food to be left. Absolutely horrible experience.
2	It's not that India Garden is actively bad, but there is not much to recommend it either. The food is your typical Americanized grub, the Indian equivalent of "Chinese Takeout."The service is pretty unfriendly. The waiter mumbled unintelligibly over the blaring music; then, he looked impatient and put out when I asked him to repeat what he said. No one from the waitstaff looked like he wanted to be there.The only highlight was that the vegetarian and some of the chicken dishes are "half off" after 10pm. My order of chicken saag at $5.50 probably does qualify as a bargain, but the watery saag and the stingy bits of chicken make the regular price kind of a rip off. So after normalizing for the overpriced menu, I consider the discount to be more like 20%. Conclusion: there are better options unless you are trapped in Oakland past 10pm and starving.2.5 stars
5	This place is my favorite Indian Restaurant in Pittsburgh. The staff are friendly and the food is great. Coupons are available for the buffet near the door or next door in the market. Buffet lunch every day and Sunday and Tuesday for dinner
4	India Garden is one of my go-to spots in Oakland, and I think I've been here more than any other Pittsburgh restaurant. Food is pretty much comparable to any other Indian restaurant, but since it's good and convenient for me, I don't go anywhere else for my Indian fix.There are three things that really set India Garden apart though: 1. Some of the best naan, especially the garlic naan! 2. Half-price late-night deals, but only on vegetarian and chicken dishes. 3. The CRAZY lunch buffet. They have the biggest selection of dishes I've ever seen in an Indian buffet. The times I went, they had 4 or 5 vegetarian dishes, 2 or 3 chicken dishes, a mutton or lamb dish, and several desserts, plus salad and naan. It's seriously HUGE, so go with an empty stomach.Service is kind of awkward. The servers aren't very friendly and when it's crowded, it gets slow. One time we had an extra long wait and they brought us free mango lassi, which was nice. Also the food changes based on who's in the kitchen...my favorite dish is Lamb Korma, but sometimes it's like, a different combination of spices or something, usually reflected in the color. Very weird how much it can vary, but 9/10 times I enjoy it anyway.Bottom line, go to India Garden for lunch or late-night and you won't be disappointed.
3	nice sized buffet with solid indian food.  2 buffets and 2 sodas came priced at under $24 for late lunch.  the food is hearty and after 2 plates we were both stuffed.  it's enjoyable trying different indian dishes and each one was pretty good.  i especially enjoyed the chicken dishes and the naan is made a little flakey and soft at the same time.  the one thing that bugged me was the bathroom toilette was clogged and it seemed a little dirty.  the restaurant itself is cute.  i'd happily go back.  next time i'll try 1 of the house drinks.
4	One of the better Indian Restaurants in Pittsburgh (among a lot of bad ones). Very solid fresh food, with an outstanding selection of beer on tap (20 choices, including the only cider on tap I have seen outside of Vermont and NYC). The Chicken Makhani (Butter Chicken) and Lamb Seekh Kabob both stand out as excellent, as do the Samosas and Onion Naan. The quality of the chicken can be hit or miss, and they are terrible about keeping the water glasses full (maybe because they are metal and can't see when they are empty). The Sunday Buffet is a great value, and they offer a late-night half-off which attracts a large student crowd. Just be aware that the flat screen TVs that show Indian music videos, can be turns up very loud, but they are usually happy to turn down the volume if you ask.
5	Yum. Yum. Yum.I have no idea why this place is getting such mediocre reviews! Maybe its because I'm a girl, or maybe its because Ive been here with Indian friends who chat up the waiters, but Ive always had great service! Just try smiling and being excited to try something delicious and maybe your luck will change!The food is just amazing. I love the naan (from plain, to garlic to onion to Peshwari), samosas, shahi chicken korma, palak paneer, aloo bhaji, chanaa masala, chicken tikka masala, lamb vindaloo, and kheer...just to name a few :) Oh and of course you need to get a mango lassi. AND everything is even good as take out or as a picnic when watching movies at Flagstaff Hill during the summer.Half price food after 10pm is also a great reason to come. Especially if you're a student.They used to play Bollywood music videos on the flat screens, but now they play music different than whats showing on the screens, which is a little sad. We used to impress people with our knowledge of Indian pop music! Now I just have Dhadak Dhadak from Bunty aur Babli stuck in my head 4 years later. And I like it. :)
3	Great deal at late night (half off certain entrees), but it's a little loud at night. The service is generally bad, they don't refill your water, and they don't always even get your order right. The food is also very inconsistent. If you order an entree with a medium spice level, and order the same thing on another day, you definitely will not get the same thing twice.The lunch buffet is always a good option too, because you're not stuck with one entree. If one of the entrees isn't as good that day, you can just move on to another dish. Also, unlimited naan is a really really good deal!
4	India Garden is a great go-to for lunch buffet or late-night food.  The selection is wide, the food is delicious, and the price is nice (but much better during the half off periods.)The service is pretty mediocre at best, but to be honest I didn't expect much.  They're slow, generally unfriendly, and my water goes unfilled a lot. It wasn't always that way, but oh well.  The atmosphere is pretty enjoyable, in my opinion.  I like having late night food and drinks while Bollywood music videos blare in the background.  It makes for a loud restaurant, but when you're partying late at night, you're not looking for a quiet place.Overall, this is a good place for Indian food.  The selection is great, with tons of things on the menu (almost 100 or more I think).  It's definitely not the best Indian food in the Burgh, but the portions and prices let you share a bunch of dishes around, resulting in what I'd consider a true Indian dining experience.  I'd recommend late night after 10, when the food goes half-price.
4	I'm no Indian food expert, but this restaurant makes some of the best Indian food I've had in Pittsburgh.  My favorite dish so far is the Chicken Saag Wala; reasonably creamy, and very delicious.  The wait staff is pretty friendly, however not the best service in the world.  Go after 10PM and get half off on a large portion of the menu (too bad no lamb dishes).  Watch out, it closes at 11 on weekdays.
2	Thank god for newer reviews... I should have listened to them!!!Been here a few times before back in like 2003-2004 time frame. Remember the food and experience to be much better back then. Was in town visiting and wanted to return to this place again. Yes it was the same old place but the food was pretty crappy. Service it HORRIBLE and these people working there lack major personality. There was constant confusion as to if we ordered or not, what we ordered, and so forth. The server was actually a bit rude I thought constantly rushing us and reaching across me constantly to take silverware and plates from other side of the table, and at 2 minute intervals???Will not return. Seriously if you are pissed to do this type of work then get a new job. If you run a restaurant you better be a little personable.
4	I went here my first night in Pittsburgh and didn't really return until the past few months. Suddenly, senioritis plus having a car at school = a late night excursion every week. I still feel the same way about the food, it's good and it's satisfying (but nothing to write home about). The price, however, is so much better. During half-price you can get chicken or vegetarian entrees for half-off.My favorites dishes include Chicken Saag, Chicken Makhani, and Chicken Tikka Masala. They also do a decent garlic naan.The only really new thing to say is that I've realized that the service could use some improvement, which is disappointing when you go there every week. There was one time I ordered Chicken Saag and it came with literally two pieces of chicken. It was awkward explaining that this was wrong; same with the time I went with Hao S. and they gave us a dish of rice that was considerably smaller than the last ten times we ate there. Being a regular doesn't really get you much at this place. The waiters won't even hide the fact that they want to try to bustle you out as soon as possible so they can close-up; they have zero interest in even pretending to be interested or friendly the way that most people would in order to make a decent tip.
1	This place went downhill fast, seek out any other india garden location for better luck! In general at Pitt, all the students would go here for half off food since it was cheap ok indian food.Slowly they cut their hours back and closed earlier and earlier. They got rid of their tv's with the music videos and have made sure to higher even ruder, slower waiters. (aka as it was said before they have no clue what a water pitcher is...) Everything u read about the bad reviews is so true (rushing customers, not putting in right orders, skimping on the rice and then charging u extra for a lil more, and blank angry stares)On my most recent experience, I did not even get to eat. I made sure to find out their hours and rushed over after work getting there a half hour before they closed at 10. I barely walked thru the door when they exclaimed they were closed. I then asked if I could get carryout and they said no. What is the point of having hours of business (that keep getting smaller) when you are not going to keep them?*on a side note my friend was actually already eating in there, and she said that after I left some people came in and ordered take out* Didn't think it was true, but guess only their fellow Indian friend's get the good service...
4	I have only been here for the lunch buffet, but I've never been disappointed. Neat atmosphere, close to Pitt's campus, and rather inexpensive. Anytime I'm in the mood for Indian food, this is the first place I go.
3	Been to the Oakland and Monroeville locations, usually for the buffet - the food is good but the service could be better (at both locations). I always feel as though I'm being rushed out of there, even when it isn't busy. And honestly, would it kill any one of the waitstaff to crack a smile?
5	Originally I had thought i'd never been here, but when I came here the other day with my two friends, I realized I had indeed been here when my sister was in Pittsburgh, 5 years before! It was nice to be back in a supposedly good indian place after I had finally gotten accustomed to spicy food in the past 4 years.i came around 10PM on a thursday for their 50% off dinner items.  the environment can most certainly be described as distinctive.  it looks part old un-renovated ruby tuesdays, with a projecter projecting bollywood videos with the static theme of a man dancing strangely to impress a woman.  but i digress.only part of the menu is 50% off, the chicken and vegetable dishes mostly.  so i got my chicken saag, my friends got chicken and vegetable dishes, and each of us ordered one garlic naan.  given their quantity of food provided, i'd say it's a great deal at half off, but definitely pricey at regular price.  the garlic naan was delicious, although a tad thick for my liking. but garlic fixes most things, and it definitely made the naan that much better.at the end each of our bills came out to around 9.50-10 with tax and tip, so it was definitely one of the best deals i've gotten on indian food (minus indian buffets. i release my primordial tendencies when someone drops me off at an indian buffet restaurant.)  i'll definitely go again for their 50% off deal!
4	When I'm honest with myself, I realize I am giving this restaurant 4 stars at least in part for the nostalgic value. As I come to the end of my undergraduate education at Pitt, I look back fondly on my dozens of late-night visits to India Garden.I have never been here other than during half-off. They have changed the hours for half-off a lot in the last few years, so here's the official update, as of September 2010: a selection of entrees that includes all vegetarian and most chicken dishes is half-off 5-6 pm and 9-11 pm. Ordering from the half-off menu makes this place a bargain - I think I would consider it somewhat overpriced otherwise. The menu is vast and covers a wide range of different styles of Indian cooking, though focused on Northern Indian dishes like most Indian restaurants in the US. There are probably about 60 or more entrees, including about 20 or so vegetarian ones. You get a ton of food, as well - I almost never finish mine, and take it home for lunch the next day. The only drawback to the food is the extremely inconsistent "spiciness levels." The server typically asks for you to indicate your desired spiciness on a scale of 1-10. I usually order a 5 or 6 and have received everything from "suitable for infants" to "ow ow my tongue." While the food is inconsistent, it is always good and I always enjoy it. The inside of the restaurant is dark and is pretty loud at night, with the Bollywood music blaring. I have noticed that it has been quieter the last few times I've been there, though. The service is sullen, sometimes slow, but otherwise perfectly adequate. Be polite and friendly to your server and you'll get politeness and friendliness back.
4	This is a good Indian restaurant. The food tastes pretty good.
5	One of the greatest culinary experiences you an have in Oakland, a university neighborhood with plenty of them. I went here for the first time just the other week, and had an incredibly pleasant experience. The owner is one of the nicest guys I've ever gotten to observe managing while I ate. The food is delicious, helpings are generous, atmosphere is perfect for an Indian restaurant (nice lighting, great color scheme, plenty of art), and it's right above the best place to sing Karaoke in Pittsburgh on a Thursday night! You can't beat it!
4	After living in the DC area for a few years with top notch Indian selections, I knew coming to a new city it would be hard to beat. However, I was quite impressed with this restaurant's food and come back pretty regularly.I first went with my buddy when I moved into town a few months back. The amazing thing about this restaurant is that after a certain time, I think 9 o'clock on weeknights, most of the menu becomes half price making it ridiculously cheap. The garlic naan is spot on and I usually get the palak paneer or the paneer makhani which are both pretty darn solid.The atmosphere of the place is what is most interesting. While most Indian restaurants I have ever been to are pretty serene and relaxed, this one blares top upbeat dancy Bollywood hits complete with video on multiple flatscreen televisions. This can some times be a bit annoying but it is so strange and fun at the same time. Oh yeah, except one night when a Steelers game was on, the Bollywood party came to a stop. I guess that is Pittsburgh for you.Anyway, I will definitely continue to be regular here as it is always a satisfying and very cheap Indian dining experience.
3	The best place in all of Pittsburgh to get Indian food if you're a student living in Oakland on a budget without transportation options.
4	When my husband and I moved here we both had a hard time finding some great new places to eat -- especially our favorite, Indian. I tried a few of them but they were always a disappointment.  An Indian student in my department suggested I try this place and it has so far been outstanding. Their palak paneer is my favorite - creamy but not heavy. The chicken Tikka Masala had a great sauce but the order I had, the chicken was pretty dry. I also tried Dal Makhni Maharani - amazing lentil dish. Had a little kick to it and really clean tasting. The nan is also fantastic. For Indian, this is the way to go. Love this place and look forward to eating there again soon!
4	This was the first Indian restaurant  I  tried in Pittsburgh and I was impressed by the quality and quantity of food. I am an Indian and have eaten Indian food else where in the US (mostly midwest) and I was satisfied with the quality of food here. I ordered a vegeterian Thali, the amount of food given in a vegetarian Thali is a lot and I had a hard time finishing it. Overall the food is good. I felt that the service can be improved in terms of time it takes for them to serve. Music is too loud there (trust me it is not like this in India nor do we have TVs in restaurants in India) . The majority of the crowd here are students from CMU or PITT. They have happy hours where certain items on the menu are half the price, so you can try out several things for less.
2	Blah blah blah. India Garden has to be one of the most consistently overrated restaurants in all of Pittsburgh. The decor seems to be a mish-mash of anything 'brown' that they could find, slammed into a restaurant. The service is terrifically bad (and that also goes for Monroeville location). They're sloooow, rude and impatient.The food is okay, at best and the prices won't gouge you. The chicken tikka masala and the tandoori chicken are decent but not earth-shakingly good. If you're in the Pgh area and can't get to Taste of India or Zaiaka or Udipi, I guess this place will do in a pinch. But do yourself a favor - skip the in-house 'experience', order takeout and eat at home.
4	I tend to be very particular about Indian restaurants, as I can normally get really good Indian food from my grandma's kitchen.  So, as this was going to be my first Indian restaurant in Pittsburgh, obviously I was going to be a bit reluctant of giving praise. Some coworkers and I decided to grab some dinner here a couple of month ago.  First of all, you should know that its going to be difficult to find street parking around this restaurant.  Be prepared to look around, and just drop off some people from your group so that everyone isn't deprived of a drink before dinner.Once inside, the place was small but not congested with a small bar area towards the front.  They played hit music from India as well Indian music videos across the vast array of flat screens plastered on all the walls.  Nothing fancy, really, just the flat screens made up the decor of this place.My colleagues had all been here before so they all knew exactly what they wanted, so I decided to go with the a staple at Indian restaurants- butter chicken.  I asked for it spicy just to see if they could actually make it tasty as well as spicy, without just adding extra crushed red pepper.  Also one of my friends loves to burn his tongue and digestive tract, so he asked the waiter to give him a 15 out of 10 on the spice scale.  I threw a blank look at the waiter and he said okay.The food came out quickly, which was a good first sign.  Next came out the Naan.  At any indian restaurant you can easily tell the quality of the food by the naan.  Overcooked and burnt: you probably should not come back.  Anyways, their Naan was both well cooked and soft which was great.  Finally, the food came out and the aromas were amazing and it was delicious.  I thoroughly enjoyed my dish which was flavorful, saucy, and spicy, and the Naan only helped to bring out the well balanced dish.  Well, this place definitely deserved 4 stars because it delivered the spice level that my friend was looking for, as he was sweating during the dinner.
3	Cheap lunch buffet. But I don't like India food. Everything seems disgusting. And smelly.
2	I don't usually give places that are afforable and decent low marks, but recently i visited during half price and they kicked us out of the restaurant at 10:55 (they close at 11), when we weren't finished eating.  They also are generally just really terrible at retrieving things that we request such as water etc.The food is fine, nothing extra special, service is terrible, prices are good.
3	A good value for money at half off:)
5	My roommate and I came to India Garden about once every two weeks (and sometimes once a week or more) for half-price dinner. Maybe things have changed, since I moved from Pittsburgh in 2008, but we had the BEST service I've ever received at IG. They knew my roomie and I by name and would bring us free samosas when we came in. Waiters were always personable and friendly, and the food is FANTASTIC. We'd split an order of naan and get 2 entrees, and usually we'd end up with enough leftovers for a good meal the next day. The ambiance is also super cool, with Indian music videos in the background. Parking isn't easy, so be prepared to either pay for a garage or take a bus! The walk there takes you right through South Oakland, so be careful and take a friend if you're going for half-price at night!
4	Great dinner buffet for $8.99. Service was prompt and friendly.
2	We were directed to a table, but then we were left without any menus nor clue as to whether or not we were expected to be only eating from the buffet. My friend was distressed about it so I walked up to someone & asked if my friend could order from the menu (she didn't want the full expense of the $9 buffet as she wasn't so hungry, it was mostly me that was hungry). The buffet itself wasn't bad but I had hoped for a wider selection. Another couple that came in after us were seated & given menus, so maybe it was a fluke. Based on the initial service experience & buffet selection, I can't really rate highly, sorry. I've had much better elsewhere.
4	Okay, people need to lay off this place! Coming from an Indian family, I know good Indian food. The food is great and the servers are often nice. Yes, I agree that sometimes they can be a little off but they are never rude or pushy. My old floormate and I loved going to India Garden whenever we got the chance. She always got the Chicken Tikka Masala (which is really really good) and I love their lamb/goat curry with Basmati Rice. The flavors are fantastic! You can really taste authentic Indian food here. If you're not a fan of spicy food then you can surely make a request to not have the peppers added to your dish. They're always happy to comply. My friend lovesss the Gulab Jamuns. Ive tried the mango ice cream but it didn't really do anything for me. If you do go to India Garden, make sure you go at least once during the dinner or lunch buffets. One word: DELICIOUS. Everything is so fresh and great and you leave completely stuffed! All for just $8.99! Perfect for a college student's budget. If you can't get there during the buffet times, don't worry, the rest of the menu is really fairly priced. India Garden is definitely the first place I'm going once I get back to Pittsburgh in a few days!
4	I don't know what it is about this place, but I LOVE THIS PLACE.The first thing I'll admit about this place is that it looks so tacky/corny.  The decor is kind of strange...  It just feels like there's too much going on with decorative pieces, the robustly orange lighting, and the Bollywood channel that's always on and blasting.  BUT, I sort of love the tackiness...and the too much-ness...it's sort of fun.The waiters and one waitress are kind of funny.  They are pretty hands-off, and it almost feel like they're doing their own thing.  One time a new waitress was being trained I think and she spilled a cup of water while placing it on our table and it spilled on my friend's pants.  I think she was sort of shocked and just started wiping the table while the manager scolded her in front of us.  We moved to a different booth and the manager monitored her for the rest of the time we were there, but they pretty much ignored us except for taking orders.The food: I am not knowledgeable of Indian food, but I love the food here.  I don't know how it compares to other Indian places or how authentic it is, but if you stick with the popular items on the menu(i.e. chicken masala), you're pretty safe.They offer half-off at 5pm and 9pm I think so that's pretty sweet.  Of the half-off locations in Oakland this was the farthest from where I lived, but definitely my favorite.
4	Oh India Garden how i love this Indian restaurant probobly the best one in the pittsburgh area yet, this is the one and ONLY indian cuisine place i go to for there awesome buffet and there delightful tikka massala wither its shrimp or chicken your never disappointed. but alas all good things have an end, recently they been kinda slaking so i wondered and asked our manager why does out food taste less.... tasteful... he explained to me and get this!... there head chef takes a break on mondays which is out "indian food night" for us.and another thing i started noticing is that it u order from a scale of 1-10 on how hot your food is its always a gamble u never how how exactly spicy your food is gonna get unless u tell them BURN ME 10/10
4	Delicious!!! Kind staff. Great music playing in the background.  Exactly what I was in the mood for when i decided to look for Indian food.  My friends and I have declared this will be a regular spot.Oh and I went for spicy level 7, I think next time I'm going for 10!
2	I've been going to both Pittsburgh-area India Gardens for years. I like the buffet, which is served during lunch hours Mondays through Fridays and all day Sundays. Food is always tasty, and one can find the standard tikka masala, curry chicken/goat, chole, and paneer.  Of course, you can also find nan, rice, salad and dessert (rice pudding, usually).Why the two stars, you ask? First, service can be slow and neglectful.  You might not get a drink refill until the end of the meal. (Note: this is not the case at the Monroeville location. They will water you until you drown.) Second, and this one is important... on my last visit I saw more than one cockroach. One was on the floor near the buffet and another was crawling on my knife.  Now, I grew up around insects (really. don't ask.)  so I didn't freak out.  I just scooted the little bugger off and asked for a new knife.  Many folks would expect a comped meal or at least a drink. I was just surprised when the staff barely reacted when I told them about their little problem. I did, however, get a new knife.  Nevertheless. Pests carry diseases, and not the kind that Wilford Brimley talks about while wearing a sweater-vest. Icky ones.If you eat here, do a quick scan of the grounds first. I'll amend my rating if they take care of the insect problem. Because frankly, IG is still good eats.
3	India Garden provides solid entrees for a dessert and a reasonably tasty and reasonably priced buffet at lunch.  I've always had an enjoyable experience here, and after trying a wide variety of dishes, I've found nothing negative to say about the food.  It's solid, through and through, even if it doesn't always stand out against other options in the area.One downside is that the service can be very slow, whether you're waiting for a water refill or a check to come.
4	This is our favorite Indian restaurant in the city.  Very consistent and good.  Authentic decorations and music.  Be ready to search for parking during the college school year.
4	For the price the Tuesday buffet is great!
4	There is a reason this restaurant has over 60 reviews. It might not look like the greatest neighborhood but Great food at an affordable price!The place was quite clean and droned a nice ambiance as well!
4	Yummy Indian food at a great price for the buffet! Don't expect 5-star gourmet Indian food here, obviously, and the buffet is a bit small, but it compensates for its size with taste. To be fair, it's hard to screw up Indian buffet food. If you're nearby or working in the university area and craving Indian food, definitely give the buffet a try. I haven't ordered off the menu and rarely do for standard Indian restaurants, so can't say much outside of the buffet option.
3	Decent Indian food. Some things run a bit too spicy for the flavor.
3	We usually come for the dinner buffet since it's the best deal. Depending on when you come there might be full hot dishes or dried up remains. Large selection and generally good quality and taste (when the pans are full and not picked through) but does vary some. Service tends to be awful.
4	We came here on a Saturday night around 9:30pm. They have 50% off dinner specials between 9-11pm, which is awesome. Just make sure you ask the waitress which items on the menu are half-off. Their servings are big enough for two people (depending on your appetite) and it comes with basmati rice. You can customize the level of spice in your food from 0-10, 5 being mild. I can't handle too much spice in food, but I can handle a level 10 there, and there's a good amount of flavor left in the food before downing a glass of water or mango lassi. So, their dishes are literally only $5 each!!!!!! Which is awesome on anyone's budget, especially on date nights =) Plus, they're open late and not many restaurants are open late with that price and quality authentic Indian food. FYI, for this particular restaurant, any tips contributes only to the owners, not the waiters/waitresses. Oh and the reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5 stars is because it was quite busy that night and our waitress took a pretty long time to get our orders in and it took longer than usual to serve our dinner...don't mess with impatient doctors and nurses when they're hungry.
4	This has become my go-to restaurant for Indian food, whether I am dining in or ordering take-out. Service is consistently good, and the food is great. On Sunday evening I ordered the Lamb Vindaloo and the Chana Masala and both were delicious. The naan is also great, although it is best eaten fresh so getting it to-go makes it loose some of its softness. I know they have some great deals on certain nights (half-off?!?!), but I don't know the details.
4	We came here for dinner on a saturday night around 8'sh. The last time I was at this Restaurant was probably 4 or 5 years ago.The decor has changed a bit since then but the food is still great. We ordered the lamb vindaloo, Goat Masala Curry, Palak Paneer, Biryani and the bread/naan basket  along with extra garlic naan. They were all amazingly good and the naans were soft and fresh out of the oven. We also ordered the appetizer but I would recommend skipping that part and wait for the entree. For the desert, we got some kheer (pretty good) and a Gajar Haluwa which none of us really cared for. The masala chai wasn't that great either.The service was mediocre at best.As one of the reviewers pointed out, there are some deals on certain night including the buffet. So, you might want to check that out too.Overall, Great food!
2	Food is average. Tamarind on N. Craig has better food....but is more expensive. Udipi in Monroeville hands down has the best Indian food in the Pittsburgh region. The service at India Garden is VERY slow during peak dinner hours on Fri/Sat. I ordered take out and they said over the phone that it would be 25 minutes. 1 HOUR later I was still standing in their bar area waiting for my food to come out. Although the manager apologized, it was still unacceptable.
3	I was so so happy with this place. Amazing Lobster Malabari, fantastic bread and then: they sent me their crab Malabari.  At 15.00 dollars a serving, I expect crab in my crab curry. I did not receive that. I received  that cheap, fake pollack you buy for a couple dollars a packet at the grocery. It was such a shame... like dressing a beautiful woman in a paper sack because the sauce as always was outstanding. So: If you are willing to accept a subpar experience for a overly priced entree, be my guest I just wanted to save everyone from some disappointment.
3	I went their for lunch on a weekday and had the lunch buffet.  It was a typical lunch buffet, nothing special.  Vegetarians will find it convenient that they separate the meat and vegetarian sections and the vegetarian options outnumber the meat ones.  As a meat eater I would have liked a few more meat options.  Food was good but not anything special.  Service was typical for a buffet lunch where minimal service is needed.  It is a nice atmosphere that is nicely decorated, but the tables are placed rather cluttered and close together.
3	i was so disappointed in this restaurant.  it used to be one of the best Indian in ther burg and now it is a shell of a place. the food was mediocre..but who would know since the staff doesn't speak or understand enough English to take an order from the menu..they only want you to get the buffet because the can not understand what the customers want.'i wanted an drink and no one on staff knew how to make any of the drinks on their drink menu so i thought  a rum and coke would be easy..no..i literally went behind the bar and sign languaged the server directions on how to mix rum and coke.i brought 10 people and it cost $152!!! we could onl have the buffet and drink rum and cokes......what happened to the indian garden of 10 yrs ago?  too bad!!
4	We used to go there for the half price menu after 9pm! I am from India, and the food is pretty authentic, tasty and reasonably priced. We tried almost everything on their menu. We will not get the Biryani again, just because it was ordinary, not bad. Everything else was good!
4	This past Sunday I got a group of friends to join me at India Garden for a birthday celebration/dinner. With vegan and meat dishes available, their Sunday dinner buffet was a perfect choice for all of us! The buffet features many of their signature dishes and is an excellent choice for newcomers who want to try out a handful of items at a low price. Be wary though! The level of spice in each dish varies and you can accidentally pick up something a little out of your heat range. Overall I would definitely recommend it. Although the buffet was good, I would say that the real heart of India Garden is it's extensive menu. I'm not sure how long it would take to try one of everything, but it would be a ride on a rainbow of flavor.  New comers to Indian food should stick to anything with their Masala sauce on top and an order of garlic naan bread on the side. One thing not many people have mentioned is their Mumtaz Paneer Kulcha. A flat bread stuffed with cheese and spices that is super awesome. The only bad part about such a menu is that choice overload can force you to stick to the same thing instead of taking the risk of trying something new. While it can be difficult to choose there is much reward to diversification.My only complaint, as others have said, is the service. I've had meals with great service, and meals where I've only had my water refilled once in the beginning (which you will need). My advice would be to not worry about seeming rude and using "different methods" to gain their attention. Although you should not have to do this at a restaurant, it may be due to their culture so I cannot say whether they mean to be rude or not. Walking into India Garden is like stepping into a teleporter to India. The hipster inside of you will ironically enjoy the Bollywood music videos even if you have no clue what is going on.Overall, I would say walking out of India Garden you will feel full, satisfied, and glad you went.
2	This has been my choice Indian restaurant for over a decade. Recent trips have seen a decline in India Garden's service.Food was fine. But the experience overall was lackluster. As long as I can remember, this and every other Indian restaurant I've been to serves complimentary papadum. This is no longer the case at Indian Garden. My girlfriend ordered a drink, which was never brought out. Water was never refilled. Sure, we could have asked a staff member - if one had come around at all. Very inattentive - even after the food came, the server did not check in at all, see if we needed anything, etc.When the bill came, we were charged for the beverage that we never received - then looked upon suspiciously when we brought it to the cashier's attention. We also had a Groupon which had expired. As stated on the Groupon, if the deal has expired, the voucher is redeemable for the value paid (in this case $12.50). The manager refused to accept it.The meal wasn't bad, but the service was awful. It's a shame - IG has long been one of my very favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh, but now it's time to explore other options for Indian food.
1	My partner and I just left and were disgusted by our experience. It's not often I harshly critique a restaurant, but this restaurant deserves to have its reputation tarnished. We walked in shortly after 5 PM on a Saturday evening and were initially greeted and shown to our booth. I have never before sampled Indian fare (and never will after this experience) so I was extremely excited to try it. I was prepared to shell out quite a bit of cash to have an all-out authentic Indian cuisine experience to try to cap off an early Valentine's Day date, yet we ended up paying $24 for two half-plates of terrible food. After sitting at our booth for ten minutes (the restaurant was NOT crowded) we just assumed it was buffet-styled only and went to each grab a plate. I had no idea what anything was and just tried to sample a small bit of everything. The food was barely warm, wasn't seasoned (isn't Indian food supposed to be spicy?), and there wasn't any naan, which my partner told me was tasty bread. After being grossed out by our food my partner asked if there was a way we could receive menus and order food from them instead. The server proceeded to ignore his inquiry. He discussed just leaving without paying in total disgust for the lack of service and awful food, but we promptly paid and left. For what it's worth we watched as another larger group walked in behind us and were approached at their table and asked if they wanted the buffet or to see a menu. I have half a mind to suspect we were treated so rudely due to our sexual orientation. In seeing the reviews below if THIS is what you Pittsburghers consider to be great food then you obviously lack any sense of culinary expertise. I would love to thank India Garden for ruining my first foray into Indian cuisine along with our Valentine's Day.
4	I came here with a frequent customer who had credible Indian food credentials. Unfortunately, she was a vegetarian, so I was on my own in terms of ordering a main course. The menu is fairly large, and by the time the waiter came to take our orders my friend was prepared while I did not have enough time to thoroughly investigate the menu leaving me in a concealed moment of desperation. I quickly chose the first Tandoori Specialty believing it was placed there for a reason. The dish was served on a skillet with peppers and onions. My first bite was very peculiar. I had no idea what this mystery meat was, but it was good. As the meal progressed, I started to suspect that I had ordered a Tofu based dish and not a meat one; however, the mystery item I was eating did not have the same texture or base taste as any tofu which I had previously tried. Regardless, the dish was good.We also shared a basket of naan which was delicious.I also noticed a reasonably sized buffet which seemed quite enticing.Upon, post-dining research I have identified that I ordered the Mumtaz Paneer Tikka which is a delicately marinated Indian cheese. I will likely recommend to my friend and would recommend to any Vegetarian or Indian-cuisine enthusiast seeking a novel dish.
4	In my trinity of favorite Pittsburgh Indian restaurants, India Garden holds the title of "best buffet" for sure - there is nothing more relaxing than wandering in on a Sunday afternoon for great Indian comfort food with Bollywood or cricket playing on the TV.  Lots of people have the same idea, so the food on the buffet turns over pretty quickly, and they have a good variety (Do you like goat curry? They have that.) which changes slightly from week to week, so THEORETICALLY you could eat here several weekends in a row and not get bored. Theoretically.  Is the food super-spicy? No, but it is incredibly tasty, and the whole experience feels very comfortable - we've never had an issue with service because we've never come here for a meal off the menu - just buffet. And have been very happy every time.  Maybe that's the secret.The biggest inconvenience is not the crazy parking on Atwood, it's that India Garden recently changed their weekend buffet hours so they close for a brief period between lunch and dinner. Plan on lunch around lunchtime and you'll be fine.
4	Just went here with a friend for their dinner buffet (Sundays and Tuesdays end at 9pm) The food selection wasn't bad, pretty extensive actually (I recommend going). it wasn't expensive either, around 10 dollars. The only hangup was the food was a bit salty and there a surprising amount of meat dishes. So I guess if you like meat - then there are no complaints! Other than their buffet, I've been here for their half off quite a bit and say that the portions are pretty big and the prices aren't bad after their half off. Great for a poor college student like myself.
4	I used to come here back when i went to PITT many years ago and loved it then ...remembered the place today and thought to revisit ...had the kabab platter, karahi lamb with rice and some chicken naan ...and loved them all ...will definitely be coming back
1	What happened? They have to have a new owner) because the prices are still high, and the food was AWFUL. First of all: I waited 3 hours for my meal. It came cold, there was no spice) I ordered a 7) and the delivery guy forgot my soda I paid for, and acted like it wasn't a problem and told me "Maybe next time" I tried to call, I guess they closed for the night because noone picked up or they are busy. I'm kind of offended.... wow. Okay, that's it for me, and the worst review I've ever written.
2	Just no. Let's start with the service. There are 5 to 6 employees milling about at any given time, yet none of them seem interested in helping anyone. (Aside from the water guy, that dude is on it.) None of the food came out at the same time for our party of 4, when it did it ranged from cold and congealed to lava-like and inedible. The food was mediocre at best. The spice ratings they offer you at the beginning are apparently just friendly conversation, as there was no spice to be found anywhere near the food. The lamb was chewy and I found a family of tiny bones in my chicken. On top of all that, we were overcharged by about 15 dollars. So, no, I don't think we will be back here. But man, that water guy sure was great. 2 stars for water guy.
1	I went there on a Sunday and all they had was a buffet. The food was bland and not spicy at all. The service was poor too.
2	Darn, it looks like India Garden has been shut down by the health department before I ever even got to review how nasty it is! The half off late-night food was brilliant though.  I hope All India follows suit on that lone attribute. Or I sincerely won't mind if they just take the steps necessary to re-open as a safe place to eat. The food was *extremely* greasy and less than fresh, but not as horrible as Taste of India.
2	It's hard to like this place after Taj Mahal--but there were many choices and it wasn't the worst, but it really wasn't the best. Some stuff was over salted and the chicken tikka was dry.
2	I used to go to India Garden regularly for their lunch buffet, which featured a large selection of decent to good quality food for about $10. Early this summer they were shut down by the health department for a while, but this did not deter me from returning once they reopened. To my dismay, however, I found that the quantity and quality of the buffet items had fallen dramatically; several of my favorites were gone and the ones that remained did not taste as good as they used to. What's more, all the food was cold, which was one of the things they were cited for by the health department! I went back a second time, hoping that my previous visit was just an off day, but encountered the same problems. So much for this place; it was nice while it lasted.
4	This place is great.  I'm a vegetarian so I can't comment on the meat dishes, but the vegetarian chili is one of the best Indian dishes I've ever had.  The other veg dishes are good, but that one's on another level.  They have a lot of 50% off specials and a nice buffet too.  The decor is nice-- they play Indian music videos, it's a fun atmosphere good for late night similar to the other restaurants in the area.
1	I went here once on a date (date's choice, not mine) for dinner during a weeknight.  I believe I ordered one of the chicken dishes, and don't remember much about it, except that it was kind of greasy and flavorless.  What I do remember, however, was the lack of cleanliness in the place, which was noticeable.  The place was dark and dirty, to the point that I'm uncomfortable seeing in an eating establishment.  I also recall service being pretty inattentive, and the owner yelling at an employee.  This experience was enough for me; I won't be returning.  There are better Indian options a few blocks away on N. Craig.EDIT: As of 7/19, they are permanently closed due to repeated egregious health dept. violations--specifically, due to a recurring roach infestation.
5	India Garden is my favorite Indian food in Pittsburgh. They have the best chicken tikka masala, warm delicious garlic naan and yummy mango lassi. They are also very reasonable. They are open 11:30-2:30 for lunch buffet and 5pm-11pm every night. The owner and staff are extremely kind and it has a cozy feel to the atmosphere.
