4	I was skeptical about going to tanning salons at first because I always pictured pretentious, snobby people and it would take every ounce of my being not to snap on them the first second I sensed attitude, but Desert Escape is the exact opposite of that.  Friendly staff & moderately priced monthly packages are great. My only gripe is that there always seems to be something being maintenanced and the carelessness of sloppy customers lotion splatters on the walls that seem to go unnoticed. Other than that, I love this place and would recommend it to all.
4	The staff at this location is GREAT. Super friendly to everyone. Even the first time I went acted like I'd been coming to this location for ages. All of the beds that I've used have been really nice and have produced great results.All of the beds are cleaned between each use, you can watch the employees going in right after someone finishes. I've been upgraded to nicer beds when all of the beds at my level have been full multiple times as well.There is usually a wait at the busier times (such as 5:30 on a weekday since there is a rush to get there after work for most people it seems) But they handle the rush well and get you in and out as quickly as possibleOverall a great place to go.
2	Both 7 and 8 have broken or missing locks and 7 has an entire corner missing plexiglass in the top of the bed. Not worth the price if it's not maintained.  And yes these things have been mentioned to the staff numerous times.
5	My husband and I have both tanned at this salon a couple of different times. The girls are ALWAYS very friendly and they do everything they can to make sure you don't wait long, even if they give you a courtesy upgrade. The beds a clean and they have a wide variety of selection for your tanning needs. We like how fast, easy and convenient the location is to get to! The owner is A+++ and def knows how to run a business. We stopped tanning temp due to moving but if/when we are in the market for tanning again we will be back for sure!!!
1	I'm in the process of canceling this membership.  Price is not worth it.  Just a list of what I know about is currently wrong with bedsBed 4 - 12-14 inch crack where you lay down.  Major safety concern (see photo)Bed 5 - Fan and face bulb control buttons have note not to touch Bed 6 - Fan and face bulb controls is barely attached (this has been for the entity of my membership)The broken areas I spoke about in my last update were broke 4-6 weeks before being repaired.  This is before we get to the disgustingly dirty floors.  There is about 6 inches between the wall and the foot of the bed and a little more then that between the wall and the head of the bed.  These areas are easy to get to with a broom and mop.  I know this because I've done it when I worked at a tanning salon in college.  I was told when I pointed it out today that it was impossible to clean so they didn't do it.All they do is whip down the tanning surface.When I asked to cancel my membership immediately I was told I'd have to call in on Saturday because that is the only time the owner is available.  I asked to leave a message for him to call me and was told and I quote, "You know he has a full time job right?".  Yes - I also have a business which I work a lot more then full time with so I understand.  And personally I'd rather have the number of the unhappy customer so that I can reach out immediately and have the solution handled.  I certainly don't want my staff undervaluing the time of an already unhappy customer.This place is a simple case of you get what you pay for - it's cheap not affordable and not a great value.  I'll be happily paying somewhere else.I am so sorry I let this run so long - I should have gone with my gut an canceled months ago.
5	New management has really stepped up their game.  They got rid of the gaudy jungle themed decor (Sorry, Sam!) and made everything more sleek and inviting.  They've replaced all of the old start buttons with new ones, as the old ones were worn and you had to sometimes put your body weight into getting them to work.  The new card swipe system is also a lot faster than what they used to be.  I haven't had to wait for a bed more than a couple minutes in quite a few months.  Good job, guys!
5	Chelsey was the most friendly and charismatic clerk I've ever met! She had no problem helping me with every question or concern I had with the Mystic Spray Tan and even came in the room after to help with a few minor streak issues. This girl deserves a raise :)
4	I recently had to cancel my membership to this place.  Overall I had been pleased with the exception of a couple things.The membership I had included two upgrades a month.  Depending on who was working, that "upgrade" could've meant a few different things.  Overall, inconsistency was a little annoying but tolerable.I then went to cancel my membership.  It was on hold for a couple of months because I was to be out of town.  When it automatically kicked back in, I was unable to make it into the store in person (as I was still out of town) to fully cancel the membership.  I did make the phone call with days to spare and was promised that a manager would get back to me.  They ended up charging my card.When I went in person to finish the cancellation, I requested that they reimburse the charge for the month as I was not using it and was promised a phone call to straighten out the issue prior to the charge.  The manager said that at least 30 days notice was required for that.  She brought out the contract and no such agreement was written nor implied.  She was then very rude saying that it was store policy.  I then asked to talk to the owner.  She said she would put me in touch with him and then asked very rudely why he should reimburse me for the month.  I then informed her that an attempt was made to cancel prior to the month starting, I was out of town, and if the charge was not reversed I would simply dispute the charge (ie not pay it anyway) and then write a review on my experience on every review site I could find.The owner called me personally and was actually very accommodating.  I was very impressed with him.  He said that there would be no problem reversing the charge and anytime I would like to come back I would be welcomed as if the account was just on hold.That owner's phone call merited a five star review.  The only reason I am putting four stars is due to the unprofessional and rude manager that I had to deal with prior to speaking with the owner.
5	This is the first tanning salon I ever went to and that was about nine years ago. Throughout management and staff change  I've continued to come here on and off (whenever I'm in Arizona)Anyways, I signed up again in April (I hadn't tanned here in about a year and a half, if not longer) a few weeks later my mom signed up and the girl who took my moms info told me I would get a free month. Score! How awesome is that? Well my paid month recently expired and when I went in I was told my membership was up. I explained everything to the lady working and with a puzzled look on her face she allowed me to tan. This happened about two more times and each time I had to explain to the worker about the free month. I figured no one ever entered it or saved this info. Today I went in and Jill was working. I explained everything to her & to my surprise that free month does NOT exist. If you sign someone up you get a free upgrade for the month. I never knew this, or else I would have. Well Jill was very understanding and friendly. In fact the whole staff there is very nice!! Everyone except for one girl. She's not necessarily rude, but she does seem as if you're irritating or interrupting her by going in.. Weird! But with all that said, I will still rate this place 5 stars. The girl who told me about the free month is no longer there and the girl with the attitude does not out weigh every other person there willing to help you out and greet you with a smile. I normally don't write long reviews like this but I felt like I needed too with this one.
1	I have been tanning here for a few years and love what the manager has done with the place.  A few months ago my package had ended an I was looking to purchase another.  Somehow I was talked into purchasing a monthly membership in which I could tan whenever I would like.  I have had this for sometime but haven't used it nearly enough to make it worth the $55.  Being a teacher I don't alwaysHave enough hours in the day to tan.  Now that it is summer and I  am not receiving  a pay check let alone tanning more than just a handful of times of month.  So I went in today to cancel.  Remind you I signed a piece of paper saying they would be taking money out of my account, but never got a copy or any written paper saying I had to cancel so many days before.  I go in today and because I am three days late they are going to charge me a whole other month.  She told me I was verbally told when I signed the cc slip that I needed to cancel within 30 days.  I honestly don't remember hearing that verbal cue.  And possibly never did.  I think it is ridiculous and angers me more than you can imagine.  I use to refer people to this salon.  But they have totally lost my business.  Thank you for charging me another $55 when I am not even using your beds and I don't receive a pay check for three months. Love your service to teachers.  Unbelievable.
5	Love this place. They have a great program where you use points for tanning instead of joining a membership. Everyone is nice.
5	I've been to many tanning salons but I really enjoyed this experience. I normally only do the beds but my first time here I tried the spray tan. The girls talked me through everything and didn't pressure me to buy anything :) can't wait to go back! Great price, convenient location, good flow of customers but no wait time.
5	I've been going to this tanning salon for over a year.. the service is great and there's never a long wait time. Even after having a membership here for so long, I'm still wowed by the customer service every time I go in.. Especially from Jill. She always remembers my name and takes time to make sure I understand all the different beds and packages they offer.
5	So happy I tanned there. I was in town for the weekend. I own a tanning salon back in Boston but didn't plan ahead for a tan. I was looking for an Airbrush Tan. I know what I wanted. I didn't want a UV tan. That gem of a girl Courtney answered the phone. She sold me on their High Pressure bed.  Now as a client : I was received well when I came in, I was showed around and explained all of the units & tan times. I was helped to pick a lotion for before and after tanning. I was offered a discount ( that's always good ). The place was clean, the bulbs felt strong. I was happy.Now as an owner of a salon here is my review: Courtney was exceptional on the phone. Upbeat, informative & persuasive. She had that place clean, I mean REALLY clean. How do I know? I looked really looked.  Another feather in her cap? She sold me on an after lotion! I know better, I know that with a good tanning lotion an after lotion isn't necessary. Didn't stop her from telling me that I could use it after my shower. I witnessed her with 3 or 4 customers while I was there. She was fast & courteous with them all being sure they all had eyewear & lotion. Bottom line? If that girl ever moves to Boston I am hiring her!
