4	cheap and quick pest control service
5	She's the BEST place to call for the whole LAS VEGAS Nevada. Before you call anyone else. Save yourself the grief and get someone that DOES IT RIGHT THE FIRST TIME. I've used her before buying my home and the critters got Crisped the first time and still haven't found one yet and it's been 8 mos....!!!!!
2	Friendly staff and service that works - when you can get it that is. My only complaint is that it is annoyingly difficult to book an appointment with them. They need to change the way they do their scheduling. Per Joanne, the guy that comes out to spray calls to schedule you at the end of the afternoon the day before you want them to come. Works great for last minute appointments I suppose. But if I want to book you on a Sat morning 3 weeks out from now because that's the only time I will be home during your business hours .. how is that not an option? They are cheap and the critters have not been turning up as bad even though it's been about 2 months since the last time they came. But should I ever get around to actually looking for another company with comparable price and service it'll be one less customer for crispy critters.
5	I have been using Crispy Critters for over 7 years now and wouldn't  use any other service. They are always on time, and more than willing to listen and address any further concerns that I may have. Eg:she lob spider behind door bell, or unusual ant activities. They come monthly, no bugs,no problems! p.s. They are pet friendly and that's important to me.
1	I was referred to this company by a friend when I told him I was having a problem with cockroaches and spiders.  I had to call four times and schedule an appointment.  Each time I called they would take my information and say that they had no record of me calling previously.  Finally I did schedule an appointment.  I waited around all day and no one ever showed up.  I didn't even bother to call back a fifth time and complain.  Don't waste your time with this company.  Go else where and pay a little extra money to avoid the headaches that I did.
