3	My previous experiences with Wal Mart was always less than stellar.  When they opened this Wal Mart I was thankful it was so close.  It is truly the Disneyland of Wal Mart's' Always stocked, same great staff, (not a lot of turnover), super clean, great stuff everywhere-every department.  The only drawback is the weekends.  when the weekends come everyone and their cousin show up and invades my Wal Mart.
3	It's your typical big box retailer...but this one is close to home.  The store is generally well-organized and always clean.  I hate when my bad-wheeled shopping cart has to maneuver around random obstacles like discarded packing boxes, and this location has done a fine job of keeping the aisles clear.  This particular location is a Super Walmart, and their foodstuffs pricing is very competitive.  I have found that they do not carry or stock a lot of specialty stuff that out-of-towners would like to see.  Shoppers should stay vigilant with the packaging, as the lower prices on some items is due to different sized packaging.  On more than one occasion, I've picked up what I thought was a "good deal", only to realize that the price per ounce was more.Super Walmarts are the kings of combined shopping trips, however, and this site is no different.  Ingress and Egress of the parking lot can be tricky, as the traffic from the Concord Mills may cause a bout of road rage, especially on the weekends!  I recommend using the back entrance off Derita Rd.
4	This is another of my favorite Walmart locations.  I frequent this one when shopping at Concord Mills for the convenience.  In addition, they have an eye care center which is a must in my world.  Getting in and out is fairly easy for an enjoyable shopping experience.
4	It should seem only natural that Walmart would be available in this area, what with thousands of people descending on the speedway a couple of times a year.  But it was actually only recently (comparatively speaking) that the place went up.I suppose that a couple of huge events a year does not sustain the place, and they had to wait for a large indigenous population, which is certainly there now.  There are apartments just across the street, as well as developments all around Concord Mills, so they are always hopping.As far as Walmarts go, it is usually clean and looks nothing like the beaten-down versions that most probably have in mind.  The building is one of the larger variety, with several other services up front, such as cellular, which even newer Supercenters do not always offer.  Definitely a good offering if you are in the need for, well, pretty much anything.
4	Great Wal-Mart and always clean, good at keeping stuff in stock. Wish they had self serve check outs!
3	Nice location but doesn't have as large of a selection of some items as other Walmarts I have frequented.
3	This is a huge Walmart that has everything you need. It's clean, and the people are what you'd expect. In there tonight when shifts were changing I suppose. With 30 or so people in line two lanes were open after three lanes abruptly closed. People were agitated as a store with 30 or so lanes had most of their lanes closed.
2	Walmart is Walmart...what more can you say...Well unfortunately, this Walmart doesn't rank very high in consistency. On a regular Monday evening, about 7 PM, I stopped in here to pick up a few grocery & household items.  The parking lot was packed (never a good sign) & upon walking inside, it seemed everyone in the Concord area was in there.I quickly grabbed my five items & tried to stand in line at the "20 items or less" express checkout. There were five people in front of me.  The cashier was moving EXTREMELY slow. After she finished checking out one person, she turned her light off & told the rest of us we'd have to find another register.  The other express lane was just as bad.  When you looked down the main drive aisle, there were just lines & lines of people standing & not moving.So, I walked to what I had hoped was a shorter line at a regular register.  This employee was moving slower than the express lane cashier! I stood in this line for 10+ minutes before I got checked out.Other than the horrible check out experience, this Walmart is consistent with other locations in the area. Clean, wide aisles, plenty of product, & decent prices.
4	Great Walmart near highland creek. Busy but usually stocked. No self checkout but usually quick moving lines.
5	I recently relocated to Charlotte from Southern Virginia, where we had great Wal-Marts. Unfortunately, when I moved here, I could not find a good Wal-Mart. Thankfully, I will look no further! This Wal-Mart is so fabulous compared to the others in the Charlotte, area. The store is fairly new; it is very large; it is clean; and the people that work here will actually speak to you. They had what I needed and parking was super easy. This is officially my favorite Charlotte Wal-Mart.
2	The clothing, electronics, toys and housewares departments in this Wal-Mart were fine, but i found the grocery section to be a confusing mess with bunkers set sideways and some aisles set as angles. It made my shop a whole lot harder. Did not like. I suppose that once you get used to the layout and know where everything is, it's okay. But when you're used to a standard perpendicular set up, you'll not have a good experience.
5	After traveling across the country in our motorhome , I can say that this Super WalMart  is one of the best!
3	This is a decent Walmart overall, especially if you are able to avoid coming during very busy times. They have a solid selection of produce (especially for a Walmart) and are generally pretty well-stocked for groceries as a whole. The dairy department and meat selection are a bit lacking in my opinion, but overall the store is pretty large and is well maintained. I would avoid this location at busy shopping times though because it is usually loaded with families, and a lot of unattended children running around and getting in the way, etc.
