4	I'd have to say Big Burrito's take on Contemporary American at Eleven is a success.  I thought my food was very well prepared and delicious.Prior to the start of our meal we were presented with scallops crusted with poppy and seasonings which were really excellent, and to be honest I don't even like scallops very much - they may even have been my favorite part of my entire meal.  I also ordered the three green salad with goat cheese which was really enjoyable albeit not outstanding.  Then again - it was a simple green salad, how memorable can it get?My entree was the seafood tasting which included potato crusted sea scallops, Pacific salmon & jumbo lump crab cakes.  I particularly enjoyed the salmon & crab cakes.For dessert I ordered a creme brulee, which frankly was not very good.  They went to town searing the top.  Way too seared. Eleven has a wide variety of "designer" cocktails which were all very good.I don't really want to give this restaurant a 4 star rating, but it doesn't deserve three stars either.  It may not have been one of the very best restaurants I have eaten at, but I think for Pittsburgh it is pretty exceptional.I read various reviews and heard many opinions that felt Eleven is rather pricey.  While it may be more expensive than many other restaurants in Pittsburgh, I think it should be noted that Eleven is really rather on par with the pricing of other "hip & new" restaurants in other American cities.
4	Another success from Big Burrito.  This place is new American at its best (in Pittsburgh).  I went twice in a weekend (both celebrating graduation with different people).The first time I ordered the beef carpaccio which was prepared perfectly, in fact, I've never had better.  My date ordered a lobster tail in risotto.  The lobster was cooked just barely enough to warm it--perfect.  She ordered it again on our second trip.  I then ordered the pork porterhouse which was perfectly cooked to a medium rare, by the chef's suggestion.  She ordered the seafood tasting which consisted of scallop, rare-seared tuna, and a crabcake; all were perfect.On our second visit we brought two others, one a vegetarian.  The vegetarian ordered the seafood tasting menu and loved everything except the fried tofu course (a regular tasting menu is also available, along with wine pairings for both menus).  I ordered the antipasto which was excellent, however, I would not suggest anyone ordering it by themselves--Eleven should specify on the menu that the antipasto is meant for two because I don't see how one person could possibly eat that much meat, cheese, and pickled vegetables.  I then ordered the strip, perfectly cooked to rare.  It did not beat my experience with the pork porterhouse just a few nights prior though.  The experience around the table was all positive--the veal and lobster was well appreciated as was the roasted chicken.The wine selection is extensive, as should be expected.  The desserts  are another shining feature of this place.  All are made to order (the molten chocolate cakes takes about 10-15 minutes from the time you order).Unfortunately, this is not the best New American food I've had and honestly it is pricey (especially the wine), and hence Eleven takes a 4.  Regardless, this is about the best dining experience in Pittsburgh.  Bottom line--if you need to celebrate, impress a client, or impress a date, go here.
5	yum!  seafood tasting menu.  good wine list.  what more can i say?  oh!  the service is always great.  only not so great thing i've had there is the lobster bisque - too salty!
5	I live in Chicago, where I have access to a plethora of excellent restaurants, but Eleven is quite simply my all-time favorite restaurant.  My family and I come here often to celebrate big events - birthdays and new jobs and such.  It's expensive, but very much worth it.  The service staff is very good.  From the hostess who will find you a table even when you forgot to make reservations (although especially on Fri and Sat it's a good idea to have them) to the person who brings around the basket of amazing breads (yeah, there's one person who's primary job is that as far as I can tell) everyone is always friendly and polite.  The server is usually attentive and food and drinks come up quickly, although when I was there most recently they did fall down a bit on that front.  Amusingly, if you have food wrapped up to take home (and if you don't have it in you to eat every bite, then you'll want to do that), they give you a claim ticket for it and you pick it up at the coat check when you leave. Thus, your dining is not disturbed by the sight of leftovers. My favorite thing to order is the vegetarian tasting menu.  You never know what to expect - it's often the thing on the list that you're least sure of that turns out to be the best.  The soups here are transcendently good and if it weren't a fancy place I would pick my bowl up and lick it clean (actually, I do it anyway to avoid missing a drop of the deliciousness, but my parents won't let me).  Also really great salads and lots of excellent vegetables.  Big Burrito makes a point of buying fresh, local produce, which is not only tasty, but also environmentally conscious - yay!They have a really good selection of wines and cocktails, and the servers are great about helping to chose one that will match your meal. And if you can't make up your mind, they'll let you taste some before you order. Also, you can add a set of wine pairings to the tasting menu for (I believe) $30, which I highly recommend doing.  Each one is always the perfect compliment to the course (the sommelier is obviously another very talented member of the staff), and, if you're like me and still learning about wines, it's a great chance to broaden your horizons.Last, but certainly not least, if you don't order a tasting menu (which includes dessert) make sure you leave room.  The pastry chef here is a genius! Whether you like chocolate, fruit, or cheese at the end of your meal, you will not be disappointed - in fact, you'll probably want to order multiple things.  Plus, many of them come with unusual flavors of ice cream that will raise an eyebrow, at least until you try them and discover that they're perfect!Basically, I can not rave about Eleven enough, so you'll just have to go and experience it for yourself!
5	Absolutely delicious.  Who knew that there could be hip, locally(ish) sourced dining in Pittsburgh?Was a little strange to pull up to a nice restaurant on an otherwise industrial looking road, but once inside, you could never tell you weren't in San Francisco or some other, more hip city.  Nice ambiance, and good acoustics (meaning not having to shout).  We sat down and got some tasty fresh baked bread.  Amuse of goat cheese with some sort of berry smear.  We both had the three greens salad, which was nice.  Not outstanding, but heck, it was a good salad.  But the entrees were fantastic.  I had the lamb, and it was delicious.  A little on the salty side, but then again, my cravings are for salt, and not sugar, so that was OK by me.  My dining companion had the bass, and said it was quite good.Finished off with the coffee and doughnuts, which was their version of coffee creme brulee with beignets.  Very nice finish to a very nice meal.  Overall, great service, great food, and great ambiance.
5	While I don't have time to write a full review right now, I promise to add more after my upcoming visit for my birthday. For now, know that the osso bucco is by far the most delicious thing I have ever eaten in my life. It was perfect!
5	While not quite in the stratospheric realm of, say, an Aureole in NY or a Citronelle in Washington, Pittsburgh's Eleven is an outstanding dining experience.  The food is creative, beautifully presented, and thoroughly enjoyable.  The service is attentive and professional, but not at all stuffy.  The wine list is extensive and they are able to recommend some amazing food-wine pairings.  All in all, thoroughly first rate.I opted for the regular tasting menu.  The first sign of good things to come was the homemade bread.  It was yeasty and chewy and it took effort not to keep asking for more.  The first course was a small place of tuna sashimi on a "lemon miso."  The citrus flavor of that sauce was perfect with the meltingly soft fish -- I mean, this was like cream cheese and lox from a parallel and far more elegant universe.        Then there was a porcini mushroom risotto garnished with a piece of taleggio cheese that melted into the rice.  It was exquisitely rich and gooey, and the pinot grigio I had with it balanced the dish perfectly.  What a treat.     This was followed, a plate of salmon, with morel mushrooms, lentils and fava beans.  The salmon was cooked impeccably -- moist but not raw or cold --  and the accompaniments made a great contrast.       Then there was lamb on polenta with some braised romaine lettuce.  This just knocked my socks off -- tremendous flavor.  Normally by this point in a tasting menu I am leaving half of each plate uneaten, but I scarfed down every bit of this dish.  Just first rate.     Desert was a banana tart with peanut butter flavored ice cream.  They paired this with an Australian port.  What a super combination.  The port had these tastes of brown sugar that just absolutely complemented the desert.  I only ate half the desert because I was stuffed, but I finished every drop of the port.     The food was $65 and the paired wines added $30 -- expensive for Pittsburgh I suspect, but a bargain for a native Washingtonian     I've been to Pittsburgh many times on business and never had better than an "OK" meal.  Now, at last, my quest is over !!
4	This is my favorite big burritto joint.  I've been here several times and never been disappointed.  The valet parking is  helpful, however should be complimentary given the cost of the place.  The interior is gorgeous with an open kitchen, great bar area, tall ceilings and private area upstairs.  The wine selection is better than most and overpriced as is the standard.  The service is as good as any other place in the city from the host to the server to  the bartender.  Dinner starts with an amouse bouche (sp?), which last night was some type of parmesan crisp with a pea mash on top (not that good really and an odd grainy texture).  Then they have a great assortment of bread they make in house.  We started last night with  a lamb taco which was perfectly cooked seasoned tender lamb on a corn tortilla with a nice sauce.  I ordered the filet, which was a prime cut filet cooked perfectly served with  a mushroom black truffle bread pudding (the bread pudding was quite heavy and except for the mushrooms pretty bland).  It's also accompanied with root vegetables in a wine reduction.  My friend ordered the seafood tasting, which we shared.  It was a small piece of salmon cooked well and seasoned nicely with  two shrimp with the head on.  The shrimp was amazing.  It was delicate and had a great flavor, tasted like they pulled them  out of the  water minutes earlier.  The crabcakes were a little below average with too much breading and a little overcooked.  A special shout out to the server Tim who was great and a pro.  Next time I'll try the chef tasting menu and if a group occassion comes up I hear the chef's table in the kitchen is quite an experience.  All in all this restaurant can stack up in any city.
4	Not sure what to expect, but really pleasantly surprised.  Locally sourced food prepared extremely well.  Great space--nice view of the wine cellar--or a clever prop.  Either way, maybe that accounts for why the wine mark-up is so truly staggering--a good 300% or more over retail, completely out of tune with the rest of the food and drink offerings. Good wine list, though.  The markup is the only blemish on an otherwise excellent dining experience.
2	Maybe my expectations for Eleven were too high. I do love a lot of Big Burrito, and with Eleven billed as "contemporary American," I thought it would be a runaway heart-stealer. Unfortunately, I found the food to be pretentious without any reason to be, boring at best, and occasionally just gross. I'm a vegetarian, so maybe their meat dishes are better. If a restaurat goes so far as to have a veg tasting menu, I'd expect something above average for the veggie diners.The signature drinks seemed exciting on paper, but failed to deliver in person. I do remember the bathroom as luxuriously delightful, though.
4	By far the best meal I have had in Pittsburgh.  I am very, very relieved and happy that my friend's 30th birthday dinner was far superior to her 29th birthday dinner.We had a drink in the bar before dinner, and then went upstairs to our seats.  The second floor, where the tables are, is so cozy and relaxed and warm.  We had a great booth, and started in on the appetizers. Fresh cheese and roasted pumpkin ravioli - it was great.For entrees, we all ordered something different - I had the fillet, and wowzer it was the size of my arm and  so delicious - an excellent cut of meat.For dessert we had some sort of S'mores thing - it was awesome.Everything was great.We were all super happy, super full, and loved the whole experience.
5	Eleven, the "flagship" big burrito restaurant fits in nicely to the big burrito family.  The service is excellent and food superb.if you want a good meal but can't sit down for an good while or want a cheaper version the bar menu is excellent as well. The bar area is particularly enjoyable during the summer hours with the doors open.
5	By far one of the best meals I have ever had in terms of taste.My meal, which was in part shared with the others I ate with:oysters, Pumpkin ravioli, cod, lamb (a saddle cut of shoulders and flank), pumpkin creme brulee, and a cheese platter that held some an amazing triple cream brie that I will probably never forget.It was an evening of eating food as slowly as possible because the scent and flavor were so fantastic I forgot all about hunger or anything else for that matter.Our waiter was also fantastic- obviously very knowledgeable about what was on the menu and funny too. When we arrived we commented that we were cold and the heat was turned up right away- this was both relieving and impressive. The atmosphere of the place was pretty fantastic on it's own. I can't see myself being able to afford the type of meal I'm reviewing on a regular basis, but it was a great introduction to a few things I'll return for in the future.For alcohol  we had both a red and white that were excellent ( though the names escape me) but the wine of the night that stole my heart was a Sauternes from Bordeaux that I plan on buying as soon as I can locate a merchant selling it.All in all a fantastic place. I will return.Menu is on line for details.Appetizers $8-$20Main course $ 20-$60 (some main courses were tasting meals)Wines and liqueurs- $8 on up to OMG...
3	I am a big fan of the Big Burrito family of restaurants, of which Eleven is evidently supposed to be the flagship (the S class of Big Burrito).  I have only been here for Lunch, so take this review for what it is worth, it may not apply to the dinner menu.  I have eaten here twice for lunch, once with my wife, and another time for a non cost controlled work related lunch.  I would have to say that in neither case was I impressed with the quality of the product.  In my most recent meal, I had a scallop appetizer in which the scallops had a very palpable fishy taste.  I half wanted to skip the appetizer altogether--and I certainly did not get sick, but it really wasn't very yummy.  The service is great (really it is very good from knowledge of the dishes to the knowledge of the wines), the decor and the ambience lovely, and for all that I know the dinner quality is great, but I have been underwhelmed by lunch.  If you eat there, I hope you have a better experience given the price.
5	Whenever i am in The 'Burgh i must make a stop here! Good selection of wines by the glass and the food is some of the best in the area. I recommend the semolina gnocchi, it's very fresh (i believe they make it daily) and still light despite the butter. A little on the expensive side but well worth it.
5	I thought Eleven was really good. I'm not going to get into the decor because it is what you would expect at a pricier restaurant. What I will say is that I didn't know butter nut squash and brussel spouts could even be paired together but it worked beautifully. With that said make sure you try the Elysian Fields Farm Lamb if you're a lamb buff like myself. My girlfiend had the Seafood Tasting and I have nothing but positive things to say about. It comes with crab cakesk, shrimp & grits, and salmon. Everything was delicious. If you're starving then the plate size may not be up to par with your appetite so make sure you order some apps before your entree. I'm not from Pittsburgh but this place is definitely worth a try.
3	I haven't been to Eleven for a few years.  On the plus side, the restaurant was pleasantly crowded.  When I came a few years ago, the place was empty - never a good sign or a fun atmosphere to dine in.  My complaint about this visit is that Eleven committed a cardinal sin of dining - they let me sit w/ an empty wine glass for about 15 minutes (this is a really long time!).  I felt like there were a bazillion servers and food runners running around the restaurant, but our waiter was MIA.  I finally had to flag down another server and ask him to find our waiter so that I could order more wine.  Our food was good, but not amazing by any standard.  Between the two of us, we had the asparagus soup and the soft shell crab for apps.  For our main courses, we had the NY strip, the crab cakes and the lamb taco.  I was pleased that they didn't give me any flak for ordering 2 apps as my main.  Desserts were key lime creme brulee and the chocolate pretzel dessert.  Dinner was good, but nothing special.
4	I went to Eleven on Friday night for a late dinner and got some delicious food but rather bizarre service. We made a reservation, but got there a bit earlier than expected, so we asked the hostess about getting a table overlooking the bar if one opened up, and went to go sit in the lounge to have a drink. I had a delicious Red Ruby martini with pomegranate and blood orange, and the bf had a Pear-secco, which he enjoyed. We didn't have to wait as long as expected, and were taken to a table on the upstairs patio. It was a nice night, but the space was pretty generic and there were open tables in the area we'd asked for, overlooking the bar, so we asked to be moved. When we got to our new table and started perusing the menu, I noticed that the tasting menus weren't there, which I'd read about online. I finally asked about the tasting menu and the waitress said that they don't serve it on the patio, and asked if I'd like to see it. I did, and it was what I ended up ordering (the vegetarian one), but I felt the whole situation was weird and uncomfortable. I just wished the waitress talked a bit more about the food in general. She never talked about what was on the menu, told us about what was good or tried to elaborate beyond the most basic answers to questions we asked. The bread server, on the other hand, told us all about the three different bread selections, the type of wheat used in each bread and what made them unique. It was more in line with what I was expecting from the waitress and left me thinking, "someone needs to give this guy a promotion, stat."The meal itself was very good. It started with a taste of grilled cheese from the chef, then I had an artichoke soup and mushrooms on toast. I then had a small bowl of fettuccine in an olive sauce, which was a bit too olivey for my tastes, and a delicious grilled mushroom on black rice. I had the wine pairings with the dishes, which I liked--and it ensured that my glass was always full--and I got the chocolate peanut butter pretzel for dessert, which was a bit crunchier than I was expecting, but tasty. I'm sure our experience would have been different with another server and another host, and overall I was really pleased with the quality of the food and the thought put into the dishes, especially the vegetarian tasting menu.
4	on the whole Eleven was awesome, why? a) i was in pittsburgh, and this is probably as fine as fine dining gets in this city. b) perfect weather outside allowed us to enjoy our dinner on the 2nd floor deck overlooking the river. c) chef's tasting menu (4 courses biatch). Onto the food. started with an extra dirty martini on the suggestion of my pittsburghian friend. it was gross. i do not do extra dirty. but fear not, they had a great summer wheat on tap. the chef's tasting menu started with a spicy tuna tartar and a salmon carpaccio. yes. i love both of these things. oh i forgot, as a compliment from the chef they served us bluefish on a piece of toast. it was fishy. back to the chef's menu. the second course was halibut over a risotto with mushrooms. The best thing about this was that it was the same portion as my friend who ordered it as his main. by this time i was pretty full. the next dish was lamb which was served medium rare. it was excellent no doubt. (sidenote: i tried my friend's seared tuna which was equally awesome). lastly was some strawberry tart on a funnel cake. apparently they burned the funnel cake the first time so it took forever to come out. oh i almost forgot we got apps. the calamari is amazing, the avocado fries were nothing to write home about, the pierogis were pretty weak, and i wanna say there was one more but it coudln't have been great cause i dont remember it. all in all, it was $80 including tax and tip.
4	Went for my birthday cause Big Burrito Eateries have a annual birthday gift card for anyone on their mailing list! Took a group of 6. Great upscale atmosphere. Excellent service. Lamb is perfect. Although I found portions to be very inconsistent for the dinners in my party. It's a little more out of your pocket but worth it with a coupon or for special occasions.
5	was treated for my bday.  and man, oh man... was it a treat.  started it with the heirloom tomato salad.  wowza.  and a serious portion too.  the duck salad was great too.  it was like duck bacon.  what more can you ask for?  went on to the seafood tasting and the halibut.  both delicious.but the real shocker was dessert.  three words for you... fried. peach. pie.
5	Had the 8 course chef's tasting menu last night.  Executive chef Derek Stevens served us most of the courses, and they were fantastic.  He surprised us with his choices of entree.Some of the highlights included the scallop appetizer, scottish salmon in truffle oil, and homemade short rib pastrami.  Each unique and delicious.  The desert, a chocolate souffle was also excellent... the pastry chef came out and showed us how to combine the dulce de leche with the souffle.    My whole group walked away comfortably full with a signed menu of the courses that had been prepared for us.  Excellent service throughout the night.
5	I was taken out to dinner here by a friend dying to try the place, and by the end of the meal, we were speechless (and drunk, and full). Eleven can box with some of the great restaurants I've been to in Boston, both for its wonderful service and imaginative, delicious food. The menu, which they've aptly dubbed "new American," focused a great deal on local ingredients, which I dig. We ordered a bottle of white, and my friend ordered a seafood tasting while I went for one of the best salmon dishes I've ever had in a restaurant. A Pittsburgh must-eat.
5	I came here w/ one of my favorites this past Thursday night; after walking out I can declare Eleven as one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh.  We made reservations for 7 PM and were promptly seated; most of the crowd seemed to be of an older demographic, the average age in the restaurant was easily at least 20 years older than me.I walked in with the intention of ordering their four course tasting menu with the wine pairing, but changed my mind the last second because I really wanted to try their Wagyu Beef Carpaccio.  I ended up ordering their Elysian Fields Farm Lamb and she ordered their Heritage Farms Pork (all of the Big Burrito restaurants push the fact that they use sustainable ingredients, as is evident from the fact that the locations where all proteins are sourced are included in the dish names).The Carpaccio was as good as expected; would I order it again?  Depends on my mood, and who I'm with.  I've realized I have a larger than average-for-an-Asian hankering for raw and cured meats.I knew if I didn't get their tasting menu I'd be deciding between their lamb and duck dish (my two favorite land-based proteins), but our server told me the lamb was his favorite dish hands down, so I took his word for it and had it medium rare.  I know some people complain about lamb having a "lamb-y" taste, but this lamb was well sourced and well cooked with maximum tenderness and flavor without the off-putting flavor of cheaper cuts of meat.  The roasted root vegetables had just the perfect bite; not too soft which would result in mushiness and not too hard from being undercooked.  The polenta was absolutely delicious and paired perfectly with both the protein and the vegetable.The pork was a giant chop served on the bone, cooked to a suggested medium rare.  The taste of well sourced ingredients is especially evident when it comes to protein as animals raised outside the typical inhumane dark and cramped living conditions have a richer flavor with a better mouthfeel.  The sliced sweet potatoes were cooked well but their texture didn't resonate with me as a perfect match with the crunchiness of the apple strips and the meatiness of the pork.  Everything else was spot on though.For dessert we split their banana cream pie.  The deconstructed pie came with house-made banana graham crackers topped with dulce de leche mousse with a banana brulee on the side.  The graham crackers were a bit crunchier than expected but were perfect to cut the sweetness and creaminess of the mousse.  The banana brulee itself of course was a wonderful textural experience with the caramelized exterior of the banana cutting into the sweetness of the soft fruit.When you do go to Eleven, make sure you are in the mindset and mood to eating simple yet elegantly prepared quality food.  Food doesn't taste as good when you're distracted and the dishes Eleven serves up are worthy of your full attention.
5	Simply put, this was one of the finest luncheon experiences I've ever had.  My suprvisor took me here to lunch as a commendation for my 10 years of service and as a way of thanking me for everything I've done this past year.  "And Susan, you will wear business attire?" my boss asked when she invited me.Believe me folks, this is not a place you eat at everyday!The lunches themselves are multi-course, much like dinners are.  Of course, you can skip a course if you like.  My supervisor asked me, "Well, Susan, shall we start off with a nice cheese course?"  We did and we split an order of  Camembert which is pasteurized sheep's & cow's milk.  You can also get oysters, mussels, soup, etc, courses.  We did however order salads.  I remember settling for the Three Greens salad.Now when it came to the main course, my supervisor said, "Order whatever you want Susan."  I could have gone "Whoo-hoo" or "Tally-ho" and ordered up the most expensive steak they had.  But ya know, a little decorum here.  I didn't want to go overboard on her generosity.  Anyway, the chicken sandwich with Pesto, mozzerella, and balsamic vinaigrette was out of this world.  My supervisor's crab cake looked wonderful too.They also offer a "Chef's Tasting" selection here for $25.00 and a fine wine course.  My boss said that the wine looked tempting, but we were on company time (and besides, I don't drink anyway).  This is simply a fabulous, once-a-year place to have lunch.
4	Is it possible to get a fine dining experience in Pittsburgh?  Before eating at Eleven, I would have said "No".  However, this gem of an eatery has opened my eyes to the possibility of top notch food in the Steel City.The restaurant itself is expansive, with high ceilings, wood beams and exposed brick.  The service, while efficient, seemed somewhat standoffish and cold.We started with the spicy tuna tartare, which had an excellent texture and just the right amount of heat.  Not to belabor the point, but it was more than a little surprising to experience high quality tuna tartare in Pittsburgh.Given that it was a whole 12 degrees outside that evening, a nice soup seemed a good option.  The roasted squash soup was well made and had a nice roasted flavor to go with the velvety texture.The entree selections were slanted toward meat and fowl.  I opted for the NY strip steak.  It came out perfectly cooked and served sliced atop potato-goat cheese pierogis and simply prepared sauteed spinach.  It was clear after the first bite, that the cow this steak had come from was grass raised.  This was a clear example of quality ingredients, prepared with restraint, yielding truly satisfying results.Dessert was the peanut butter banana split, consisting of an uneven combination of peanut butter ice cream, marshmallow, graham crackerroasted banana ice cream, vanilla bean soup and chocolate.  There was just a little too much going on here.Eleven is definitely an excellent dining experience, regardless of location, and I will be going back next time I'm in Pittsburgh.
5	We went here over the holidays and we had a great time.  I have to admit that my recollection about all the dishes is a bit hazy, but I remember that the overall dining experience was fantastic.  Our group tried a number of appetizers, including a duck taco, tuna sashimi and some of the cheeses.  I was a bit skeptical about the taco, but it was amazing - it had some great flavors.We went across the board in terms of entrees and all were raved about.  I ordered the lamb after the waiter's suggestion and I'm glad I did.  The mean was perfectly cooked and the polenta was also excellent.Overall, I would definitely recommedn Eleven to anyone looking for a superb dining experience in Pittsburgh.
3	Checked out Eleven this past Thursday night. Eleven is without question a cut above anything else you'll experience in Pittsburgh. Incredible atmosphere, an intriguing space with a variety of seating options beyond the normal restaurant and an interesting menu.Why three stars? The food overall was "eh." The best part of the meal was the bread...seriously - Rosemary sea salt foccaccia....exceptional. More food details:-The chef provide a white anchovies and crispy brussels sprouts taster that was really good-Lamb taco - had instant regret post order (thought smoked lamb would suck...), but it was incredible-The Seafood taster was a huge let down: Salmon with grits was lame and the sauce didn't help; Shrimp were ok but boring and the crab cake was the same as shrimpAfter the entree I refused the dessert, but the pastry chef sends out a dark chocolate cashew truffle... it was ok. Eleven has an impressive wine selection - everything is paired for you on the menu if you're up for suggestions.Last note - the service was frustrating . I had higher expectations at a place like Eleven. How long should a person sit with a dessert menu closed and a credit card out- 5 minutes, 10 minutes, 15? Absurd.
4	First time at Eleven on Saturday night for my girlfriend's birthday. We had an 8 PM reservation and were pleasantly surprised by the valet parking as parking in the Strip District can be a hassle. The restaurant is deceivingly large compared to what one expects when approaching from outside. The decor was "efficient" with the ever-present dim lighting of fancy restaurants. We ordered cocktails: the Eleven-ade and the Prohibition Martini, which, while delicious, were quite pricey. For appetizers we tried a raw goat's milk cheese as well as the butternut squash ravioli. The cheese plate was mediocre and I was a little surprised to see a wedge of what appeared to be canned cranberry sauce accompanying the dish. The ravioli were absolutely delicious and I would have happily eaten a full serving of those for my entree.My girlfriend ordered the seafood tasting and I ordered the NY strip (medium rare). I was very impressed by the quality of the seafood... the shrimp and grits consisted of what appeared to be U10-12 prawns and the crab cake was full of lump crab and not just breading. The steak was cooked perfectly and accompanied by pierogies, which I thought was a classy Pittsburgh spin on the traditional steak and potatoes. With our entrees we enjoyed a bottle of Amisfield Pinot Noir from New Zealand. The wine list was not what I would consider "expansive" compared to other restaurants, but they did have a good selection to pair with the menu.For dessert we had the molten chocolate cake and the ice cream/sorbet. Paired with a glass of tokaji and port, this rounded out a wonderful meal.The only reason I give Eleven four stars vs. five is due to the knowledge of our server. When asked questions regarding some of the dishes, he struggled to provide input.I definitely plan to return to Eleven in the future and agree with the other reviews that rate this restaurant as one of the best fine dining options in Pittsburgh.
5	EXCELLENT!  Everything was great, the menu changes frequently but every time I've been there I've been wowed.  Their lunch menu has an amazing burger.  The wine list (like at all Big Burrito restaurants) is great. We had a bigger group - 8 people. But the waiter was so gracious and made excellent recommendations.  The service was some of the best I've had.  I had the beet salad - I'm a new beet lover, so I'm always tentative - but this was a great salad!  The fillet was prepared exactly as I wanted it.Friends had the vegetarian tasting, and it looked amazing!
3	I was here for dinner on a Saturday night . The place was crowded but not jammed . I had the seafood tasting and my date had the chefs tasting . We were both pleased but I felt the portions were small . The only draw back was that the service was slow but everyone was professional and nice .
4	I've been to Eleven several times now, in both the Tavern side and the formal dining room.  The Tavern side is my favorite...lighter food, more casual, good times.  The regular restaurant side is good too and the food is fantastic, but it tends toward formal dining with service that can be a bit too attentive.  Just depends what type of evening you are looking for.  The menu changes quite a bit but some of my favorites have been the potato and goat cheese peirogies, the crab cake sandwich, and the soft pretzels.
5	We have dined here a couple times in the past few months, once in December and the beginning of March. Both times, we were seated promptly in the same EXACT huge corner booth on the second floor. I guess that's what you get when you request a "romantic table for two". I love their cocktail menu, the drinks have cute names like Crimson & Clover and Finally Effen Spring.  Both times, I ordered the warm beet salad. According to our waiter, it was picked by the Post Gazette as a "top taste of 2009". I can see why. It's served on toasted brioche, slices of warm red & golden roasted beets, slices of Fuji apple, chunks of cheese with toasted pumpkin seeds. Very good. For my meal, I ordered a couple appetizers. I got the jumbo lump crab cakes and butternut squash ravioli. For dessert, we shared the Chocolate-Peanut-Pretzel Candy Bar which was milk chocolate-peanut butter swirl ice cream, brownie, peanut brittle. It was good. The second time we had the Pineapple Butter Cake. It was not a typical piece of cake, rather it was cut bars of yummy goodness that were cris-crossed on the plate with a touch of caramel chantilly, candied ginger and lime. It was one of the best dessert I have ever had! I really love the atmosphere here, there is a two sided fireplace in the entry, the contemporary glass with metal railing, and ambient lighting. It's a memorable place to dine.
5	Holy S*** where do i start this place is AMAZING!!!!!  this is probably one of the best restaurants in pittsburgh. My boyfriend i went there in March. The service was amazing. The restaurant is HUGE. The decor is amazing and very welcoming they have a huge selection of tables. During the summer they open the patio. I had the vegetarian chefs tasting menu and every bite blew my mind. all the vegetables are grown locally and sustainably. There were 4 courses the chef sent over a complimentary salad that was yummy. i had the beets salad with pumpkin seeds for my first course  i had the risotto for my main course and dessert was my favorite. The entire night was one food orgasm after another. The service here was to die for and i would give this place 10 stars if i could
4	Maybe, just maybe, I'll move Eleven up to 5 stars after I get to dine on the patio.  First things first.  Why not 5 Stars?  Because this is the BEST place I've eaten in the Pitts, I want to give 5 stars but can't.  Parts of my goat cheese and swiss chard ravioli were cold; at other times the ham piece accompaniement was pure fat (delish yet gross).  Overall, I loved the effing dish.   Scallops.  Um, yeah, if you like bacon, fat and salt. Hold on.  I  need to masturbate here.  I'll be right back.  Shit is fucking orgasmic.Overall the service was good, at times a bit much and then...absent.  I got some sea salt caramels with the check...well, with the 2nd glass of wine...and a box to go...I lurved them so much.  And I love you too, so ask for extras.caramel+salt=talk to you soon! i'm busy
3	After trying a few of the other Big Burrito restaurants, I finally got around to the 'flagship'.I arrived early (about 15 minutes before 5 PM), and the valets were kind enough to park my car for free since they weren't set up yet.  Off to a good start!  When I got inside, the floor wasn't open yet, so I settled in the bar and was attended to (mostly) by the bartender, although he was understandably distracted with setup.  I settled in the corner with a book and a glass of iced tea, and the tea was fixed perfectly... rarer than one might think, here in the frozen north.  The restaurant itself is GORGEOUS; whoever decorated this space deserves an award.  It is well lit without being bright, warm without being twee, and elegant without being uncomfortable.  All in all an absolutely beautiful place to eat.Upon getting a table, the wait staff was very attentive... another plus.  My waitress was superb, always being there at the precise moment I needed her, never intrusive.  All this, despite my being the only person at my table - and I know all too well how much restaurants hate single diners.  Rebekah, you were phenomenal.So why three stars?  Well... all the things I have mentioned were each a star.  Unfortunately, the food was very forgettable.  I ordered the shrimp and grits appetizer.  Presentation was impeccable, but the shrimp were jumbo shrimp and tough as boot leather.  They were served on a thin layer of something creamy (presumably grits, though not like any I'd ever seen) and some collards that tasted decent but were almost tougher than the shrimp.  Tastewise the dish was acceptable (although far from delicious), but texturewise it was a total wreck.  So... on to the main course.  I ordered gnocchi, which is one of my favorites.  The gnocchi themselves were homemade and quite good.  The dish was served with mushrooms, baby lima beans and spinach, and again, the greens were ridiculously tough.  The mushrooms had a wonderful flavor, but the texture of bubblegum.  Once again, presentation won out over edibility... I don't get the impression that anyone in the kitchen actually eats any of the dishes they prepare, or else they would realize that taste and texture are even more important than being pretty.Dessert was a pineapple cake, which was delicious and served with a very tart, sour sorbet.  The sweetness of the cake and the tartness of the sorbet were well matched, and this would have been a definite five-star dessert except for the presence of... crystallized ginger?!  Who thought this added something to the flavors of this dish?  I think it must have been put on the dish for decoration, but a piece of this in your mouth at the wrong time would definitely stomp on all the other flavors.All in all, this is a wonderful space; the staff is excellent; if they get a chef who learns how to serve food people actually eat instead of look at, it will truly be a 5+ star experience.  As it is?  An excellent place to see and be seen... not to eat.
5	So a friend insisted that I try Eleven, but I was always a little put off by the fact that it was owned by the same people who own Mad Mex (okay, kind of bland) and Soba (decent, overpriced). However, the GF and I actually woke up in time for lunch on Sunday, and we weren't really in the mood for typical brunch food, so we tried out Eleven.The ambiance is really nice. It kind of gives off a hotel-lounge feel (for Sunday brunch, at least), and it's relaxed yet classy. I'm also a big fan of the seating arrangement.We both got the brunch prix fixe, which is $25 for an appetizer, an entree, and a drink. I got a Bloody Mary, the crab cake, and spaghetti with shrimp, crab, lobster, and lima beans. Everything was good, but not superb. Dessert (not included in the prix fixe) was good, but I'm not really a dessert person, so I don't remember what I got.Now, the food was all pretty good, but the show stopper was actually the bread. They freshly bake everything on the premise, and each bread basket has tiny scones, blueberry muffins, croissants, and I think an orange cranberry bread. I'm told it changes daily based on what the baker decides on making, but everything I had was top notch. Seriously, it sounds kind of stupid, but I would actually go to Eleven just for the bread. They could have charged me $10 for each basket, and I would not have minded at all.I wasn't sure whether to give Eleven a 4 or a 5, and I really wish Yelp did half-stars, but I ultimately decided to bump it up to a 5, because the bread really is THAT good. All in all, one of my Top 3 restaurants in Pittsburgh.
4	One of the nicer eateries in Pittsburgh, comes at a steep price though. I felt some of our waiters were a bit douchy and pretentious at first. If you look under 25 and somebody from your party wants to order a cocktail, be prepared to show *everyone's* IDs. On the good side, they were very good about accommodating our giant party of 16 ( even if it was 6pm on a Wednesday night) Before bringing out our food, we got these little sandwiches with onions and salmon caviar - tasty! Then came our oysters, from Long Island, served with a nice, spicy pepper sauce and some milder one. For main course, I tried the beef tenderloin, pork chop, and tuna. I ordered the beef medium and it came nicely red on the inside, leaning towards medium-rare which worked fine for me since that's what I usually go with anyway. The fingerling potatoes were a tad undercooked and hard. The pork chop was served on bacon grits, and that was the best part of that dish. The pork chop itself was bland and boring. Tuna was alright, nothing special.For dessert, I had apricot semifreddo covered with somekindofdarkberry syrup drizzle, it was ok - tasty ice cream.
4	My first visit to Eleven was an overall positive experience and I'll definitely be back.The good:  Great atmosphere, and the lamb entree was some of the best I've ever had.  The banana cream pie dessert....omg.  Honestly I'd go back just for that.  The greens and shrimp in the appetizer were very tasty (see below for grits).The meh:  I'm not sure what our server's deal was...he was a little too intrusive.  The amuse bouche was a little quarter size piece of bread with butter on it...and two drops of salmon roe.  Tasted like bread and butter.  Don't get your hopes up for the cheese grits....they're an afterthought to the shrimp and greens, and so watery that you probably won't notice them.  However, my two dinner dates who are more regular assured me that wasn't the usual experience, so I'll let it slide.  The entree and dessert were outstanding and worth the visit.Overall:  Eleven is a winner.
4	I had the chef's tasting menu (sans dessert) and found everything quite pleasant - the yellowtail sashimi, salmon, and lamb with polenta were all fresh and perfectly seasoned and prepared in the right size portions.  My sister loved the oysters appetizer and lobster/carrot soup.  My brother was not sp thrilled with the cavatelli carbonara.  My husband loved the shrimp and grits app but wasn't a fan of the sea bass flavor profile of lentils, mussels (plus other ingredients).  Server was a lovely man from Mauritius who was a bit slow but entertaining and took wonderful care of us.  It's a good place for visiting family and friends ~ offering Pittsburgh's best. Start with a glass of the Rosa Regala.
2	Yelp, why have you lead me so far astray? Although we were treated with enthusiastic service, our food was generally boring with few, if any, of the dishes standing out. (The desserts were good, but I'm not sure how you come up with bland desserts.)I had the chef's tasting menu. My co-diner had the vegetarian version. We left disappointed... as time has gone on the disappointment has turned to depression as I wish I had all that cash back. Nothing was terrible, but the quality did not match the price.
4	I've been looking for a reason to try this place out, and a recent late night of work did the trick.  We wound up seated in the bar, but it was both comfortable and spacious - lacking the pollution of both noise and idiots one might expect to find.The food is pretty uniformly good, although with a tendency toward the overseasoned.  I pile on salt and I didn't need to salt the steak I ordered and my husband found his burger to be more than a little salty.  Docked one point for the overseasoning and for a slower than average kitchen.This is not a cheap dinner, although one could probably economize a bit more than we did.  What it is, is pleasant, reasonably good, occasionally excellent food with astoundingly good service.
5	We highly recommend Eleven for hosting parties, events, et al.   We held our rehearsal dinner earlier in June this year in their private room (upstairs).We all had an excellent five course dinner.  Courses included soft shell crab, a proscuitto salad with fresh fruit, and perfectly cooked lamb.   Our out of town guests and guests from the Burgh raved about the presentation of each of the courses.  They also loved sampling 3 different desserts for their final course.Eleven went above and beyond by printing menus for each our guests and placing on each place setting.   It was a nice gesture and a pleasant surprise (we didnt ask the restaurant to do so).    We had fun reading the descriptions as each course was served.  The restaurant even created a unique four course vegetarian childs dinner.   The waitstaff was pleasant, accomodating to unique and specific requests, and even played with my 18 month cousin during their down moments.  We had a excellent meal and a great time at our rehearsal dinner.
3	I'm eating dinner at Eleven as I write this, and I have to say that it is one of the best meals I've had in Pittsburgh.  I had the tasting menu with wine pairing, and the wines were well matched with the food.Everything was pretty solid, including the service, but I actually felt that they were too attentive.  They weren't extremely busy, and one of their many servers would approach the table every few minutes.  I found this a little awkward, since I was alone and just wanted to eat, although other people might appreciate the personal attention.Also, the place has some bizarre, concept, surrealistic erotic prints hanging on the walls and is going for the "East Berlin Hotel Lobby" decor, so I kind of felt like I was in one of those Mike Myers "Deitur" Saturday Night Live skits from the 1990s ("Would you like to touch my monkey?")The best item on the tasting menu by far was the dessert, although the paired dessert wine tasted like straight-up grape juice.  The plates were very seafood-heavy, and they love radishes, the menu is scattered with radish dishes, which is interesting.  I've never been a big fan of the radish, but they don't seem to get used much, so it's a nice try.  The presentation of the food was really good, but I was left a little unimpressed by the flavor.It's expensive for Pittsburgh, even more than I thought it would be going in.  Overall, though, the wine pairing was reasonable, getting four and a half glasses for $35, when they are charging about $10 for most of their glasses.  If it were a little cheaper, this would definitely be a four-star place.
3	I feel bored by the idea of writing this, even as I'm starting the review...I wanted to like Eleven, and technically enjoyed it, but it all somehow seemed expected. I'm trying to be thorough about my Pittsburgh food experiences, though, so here goes.I've been here three times, and each time was slightly less interesting than the one before.  The food averaged to the same quality, but I had expected more creativity and change over time, especially for such a high price.The food ranges from average to very good, but rarely tops out at excellent (I say this having tried the chef's tasting). I do recommend it, but only because Pittsburgh is sorely lacking in the romantic food date genre.Docked two stars because the quality is inconsistent, and it's definitely overpriced.
5	As good as it gets (in Pittsburgh)!  I've gone back, and this time the service was really on point.  The steak was prepared *perfectly* and the portion was so huge I have enough left for lunch tomorrow.  The crab cake appetizer was one of the best I've had, and the dessert (as always) was outstanding.It's a bit pricey, but portion sizes are reasonable and it's a nice dining experience.  When company comes in town, or it's hot date night, this is the first place I'll go.
4	Full review in Blog:Calling the restaurant I was informed that the Chef's Table was generally for groups of 4-6, but if no one had booked it for a given night they'd be willing to seat a solo for the standard price of $100 for 9 courses - placing my reservation a couple weeks in advance I was glad to find out that Mondays were generally quiet and I'd have the table all to myself.Somewhat disappointed as my only vantage point of the action in the kitchen was through a small slit in the tiles, I was promptly greeted one of two servers who provided the cocktail list and filled my water.  Professional and courteous I will note that service throughout the evening was mostly competent, albeit not overwhelming - a course was delivered without silverware, water reached empty twice, plate clearing was a touch slow.  Fortunately, as part of the Chef's Table experience I had the honor of receiving all of my dishes (and excellent descriptions of preparation and ingredient sourcing) from Chef Chad himself.Shortly after the chef's departure the bread-lady arrived with a woven basket featuring three house-made breads.  Browsing the online list and realizing Eleven takes orders for breads and confections all I can say is that the bread basket gives me a good idea why - all three of the options were excellent.  From a sweet yet toothsome Currant Semolina Sourdough, to a rustic and aromatic Carraway Wheat, to a heavenly moist Sea Salt Focaccia each of the options was excellent...and while my primary server wasn't always on the ball, I was never for want when it came to bread.The third course of the evening would provide the first "wow" of the tasting - an impressive accomplishment given the simplicity of the dish.  Served proudly and with great description by Chad the House Cured Prosciutto with Three Sisters Mesclun, Vin Cotto, Olive Oil was sublime - the nutty notes of the silky pork only enhanced by the slightly bitter greens, acidic yet sweet vin cotto, and smooth olive oil.  A new passion of the young chef I was even given the opportunity to see the curing area after my meal - a small section of the wine vault with meats aged anywhere from a week to nearly a year - a return visit for charcuterie at the  bar would certainly be on my agenda if I lived locally.The final savory of the evening would be my favorite, as well.  Large in portion and bold in flavor, Elysian Field Farms Lamb - Sous Vide with Crispy Lamb Neck, Anson Mills Polenta, Golden Artichoke, and Mint was marvelous.  Nearly raw yet sizzling hot, the lamb itself was not as gamey as would be expected and the crispy wrapping of neck lent plenty of texture and savory flavor.  Acting as a bed to the butter-knife soft lamb was a chive laden and creamy polenta with the slightest hints of mint and mace.  Flanking the protein along with a savory lamb jus were crispy artichoke hearts - pan seared and creamy within, a vegetal composition not unlike the lamb in terms of presentation.I was next greeted by the pastry chef who presented me a trifecta of her favorite desserts from the menu.  Titled on the menu as "Tasting" the trio contained miniature versions of Eleven's Famous Peanut Butter Pretzel Candy Bar, Banana Cream Pie with Tapioca, and Brioche Bread Pudding with Cinnamon and Strawberries.  While I will note I'd have preferred received all three as separate courses (time and temperature reasons only) I will also note that the lady has talent - each option was stunning.  Creamy peanut butter with chocolate ganache and salty pretzels, caramelized bananas with hand whipped cream and graham crackers...and oh the Bread Pudding.  With finger-thick slices of buttery brioche caramelized and doused in a salty cinnamon caramel reduction, the only thing that made it better was the ice cream, a smooth dollop of spicy cinnamon that melted slowly over the hot pudding.Looking back on dinner at Eleven the word the two words that come to mind are "American" and "Competent."  To be fair, in my experience I've never really had a tasting menu that I would call "American" without pronounced flourishes of French or Mediterranean - the Chef's table at Eleven was almost like going to CUT or a similar high end steak house and getting a tasting...the food varied from very good to excellent, but certainly did not re-invent the wheel.  For $100 the quality, presentation, and ingredients were certainly worth the price - but at the same time, I can't say I would rush back.  That said, Chad is an excellent Chef with a lot of potential and the space at Eleven is beautiful - I'd certainly go back for some a la carte selections and dessert anytime.
4	This was my next best dining experience in Pittsburgh after Soba.  Dinner started with good 'ol Shrimp and Grits.  The shrimp were perfectly cooked, and the grits, while a little soupier then I'm used to, were flavorful and savory.  This was probably a bit heavy as far as appetizers go, but heck you only live once.  My entree was a delicious Striped Sea Bass with mussels and couscous.  It was delicious and the sea bass was perfectly seared to give a nice crispness to the skin.  Bonus points go to their sommelier who made a perfect wine recommendation with a Louis Latour Pinor Noir that really highlighted the Mediterranean spices in the dish.  To satisfy my sweet tooth I capped off the meal with the Chocolate-Peanut-Pretzel Candy Bar.  The sweetness of the chocolate and peanut butter went perfectly with the saltiness of the pretzels.  All in all I had a great meal and would definitely go back if I find myself in Pittsburgh again.
4	Excellent customer service and food. The whole look of the restaurant is so much better than the web site photos for starters and comfortable and laid back feel.  We did the chefs tastings, one vegetarian and one fish and meat with the wine pairings. Both were wonderful, great presentation and tasted delicious. As a visitor to Pittsburgh it was well worth the effort to dine in the strip district and then go to Mt. Washington for the view bypassing the tired, over priced under served restaurants on the hill.
2	I really wanted to give this place a four or five but couldn't. I'll explain. First and what really killed this place for me was some bad mussels with my stripped bass. I could smell something fishy and it should have been assumed it was my bass since it tends to be fishy anyway. But the first thing I grabbed was mussel the was to soft, salty and brinny. I almost spit it out but for some sense of dignity which I regret I didn't. I don't blame anyone specific but my plate should never have come out of the kitchen of a nice restaurant that had slow service. That one small thing is all I can think about after I left but I'll talk more about the rest my experience. Food: I started off with a duck and endive salad that was seasoned very well but needed pepper which I never got because I was not asked how my meal was until late into my main course. But I digress. Salad was OK. My stripped bass sounded great on the menu. Without getting into the mussels again I wanted my dinner to be as good as it sounded but in the end was just bland. The house special hot sausage it came with tasted like plain chop meat and the rest followed down the same path. Service: started off very helpful but after ordering I was more or less ignored. I made a point of taking off my plate all remaining mussels and moving them about a foot away which at and decent restaurant would have been seen as a subtle hint to ask if my meal was OK. In the end this place has great reviews and I wanted to give it one but in the end it was really one bad mussel and poor service.
5	Went here for my birthday.  My husband and I both had the halibut, which was absolutely delicious!  The sangrias are amazing!  Also, our waiter was great, he let us sample the sweet corn ice cream to see whether we wanted to order that for desert.   Needless to say, we ordered the Banana Cream Pie.  The standard price is about $50 per person.
5	I went in to this place with good expectations, let me just say-- they were met and surpassed. Service: 5 stars - Edward was awesome! Food: 5 stars My boyfriend and I started out with the Grilled Peaches and the Yellow tail Sashimi. The Grilled Peaches were heaven. The combination of the goat cheese, peaches, Serrano ham and a balsamic reduction: Wow! For our entrees - I ordered the Halibut. It was cocked perfectly and the cream corn complimented it wonderfully. My boyfriend got the lamb. It was just like lamb should be - rare to medium rare and tender. For desert we had the Peach Marscapone Cannoli. I have to say this is probably one of the best cannoli's I have ever had. This restaurant really highlighted the fruit that was in season and did a wonderful job. A highly satisfying meal. Our wine: A Petit Verdot (and if you have never had this type of wine before - you should try it..
5	Went there with my girlfriend to celebrate her birthday.  She wrote the last review and summed it up pretty well.  Let me add some shout outs...  Kudos to Edward who was our server and provided spot on service.  Great work by the kitchen staff!  The food was exemplary.  Extensive wine list!  Had the Mietz Petit Verdot '04...an excellent tasting wine!  I really couldn't have asked for much more in a meal.  I highly recommend Eleven.
5	My boyfriend and I came here for my birthday dinner!  I was drawn in by their swanky website and delicious, fresh-sounding food.The valet was only $5, which I thought was amazing compared to the $10 you find in Chicago.  We were seated immediately, with a reservation and the hostess asked us what kind of water we wanted.  It was brought out promptly, which was nice - it feels good to at least have something to sip before the server arrives.Our server was both speedy and knowledgeable.  I was concerned that one of our appetizers and my entree would be too similar in flavor (and thus repetitive/boring), but he told me that this would not be so - both were made of lamb, but different cuts and uniquely prepared.  Indeed he was right, and I'm glad I listened to him!I began with the Pear-secco cocktail: pear vodka, pear nectar, and Prosecco.  The drink was elegant and refreshingly not-too-sweet.  It tasted like a fresh pear, and wasn't too sugary or watered down.  I savored it throughout the meal.  Our first bites were of oysters - they were about $2 each, so we sprung for 4.  They were served on a bed of ice with two different hot sauce mixes - one more traditional and one specialty housemade.  I preferred the traditional, but actually chose to eat neither with the oyster.  The oysters were fresh and succulent on their own, no sauce required.For appetizers, we shared the grilled peaches and the smoked lamb taco.  The lamb taco was absolutely excellent - there was a tortilla buried under smoky, juicy lamb, creamy lentils (in the place of refried beans), and flavorful salsa.  We were nearly licking the plate at the end.  We were both a bit underwhelmed by the grilled peaches - the peaches themselves were nice, as was the goat cheese and berry drizzle, but the "Surryano" ham didn't do it for us.  And that's not a typo, it really is Surryano ham - never heard of it.  It was too....smoky, perhaps?  It had a dusky flavor that was unappealing to us both, which greatly affected the enjoyment of the overall dish.  But to be fair, when you separate the dish into its components, most of them were excellent.For my entree, I had the Elysian Fields Farm Lamb, which the server highly recommended.  It was truly excellent - juicy, luscious, and would convert someone in an instant who claims not to like lamb.  The accompanying polenta was wonderfully creamy.  My boyfriend got the Heritage Farms Chicken which he enjoyed very much - I took a bite and found it to be juicy!No dessert, since I had a cake waiting for me at home, but the server brought out two caramels sprinkled with sea salt (DEE-LISH) on a plate, and someone had drizzled chocolate on the plate to spell "Happy birthday Meredith!"  It was a lovely personal touch, and sweet that they threw in something special.  It's a pricey meal, but it was unquestionably the best we've had in Pittsburgh so far.  I'd highly recommend it to anyone who has something to celebrate!
4	We were impressed with the vegetarian tasting menu and wine list. Excellent service and gnocci.
4	We were in town for a conference and looking for a local favorite to take our clients for dinner.  So we talked to our concierge and he recommended Eleven.  He also mentioned that they like to use a lot of local ingredients in their menu with seasonal offerings.  This place definitely did not disappoint.I liked the decor in this place.  It looks like an old converted warehouse with exposed brick and wood beam ceiling.  Modern look with a good vibe.  I think it can get a little loud if you're taking clients there. That might be something to think about if you need to talk business.          We started with the cheese platter, blue bay mussels, sea scallops, and a prosciutto platter special.  They were all very excellent.  I especially liked the prosciutto platter.  As for the entree, I had the pork chop.  This was really good.  I really liked the fact that it came with pork belly.  Yum.  Tasty.  As for everyone else, they all ordered the beef tenderloin and they all agreed that it was good.     The ambiance, service, and food were all great.  Great place to go and would go again if I were back in town.  I would definitely recommend this place.
5	Eleven was amazing! My coworkers and I were in town on a business trip and, per usual, wanted to find a trendy and yummy restaurant near our hotel. Yelp led us to Eleven and it definitely lived up to the reviews!We sampled various appetizers and starters for our meal. First, the amazing edamame with white truffle oil is to DIE for. The beef carpaccio was good, had a few cheese plates, and the lamb tacos were delicious. Another coworker ordered the burger, which he loved...and the fries were fantastic.The wine list was great, but we kept it simple and just had a few glasses of a malbec that I wish I had made note of! Overall: amazing. Go.
4	We (two people) stopped in for lunch and figured we'd finally give this place a shot after having wanted to go for a few years.  Upon entry we were graciously greeted and had our coats taken.Standing there as they were getting us situated was nice to spin around and feel the space.  direct line of sight with the kitchen as well as down to the bar and the formal dining room.  Tall space, skylights, open airy, yet still comfortable.  Above there was more seating and a huge wine room with meat hanging/curing.  points for that.Our service was very good.  Glasses of water stayed full the entire time.  The waiter was not too overattentive and seemed to know what he was doing and not to be too belligerent like some service is.We split a beet salad.  Although beets can be heavy the salad was nicely balanced and the veg as cooked to perfection.  the dressing was just right in the acidity and sweet.  very good way to start off.Following the salad I had the chicken sandwich which was perfectly cooked in a nice fresh baguette.  fresh ripe tomatoes and some great sauce.  Fries on the side were seasoned perfectly.  Homemade with care.  Not too soggy or crisp.  Man, fries are great when they are done right.Also eaten was the crab cake sandwich, which was amazing.  I have never seen such a crab cake.  Huge plump succulent pieces of crab meat.  not a lot of egg, bread crumbs, mayo material to take away flavor.  No greasiness.  Just great on the bun. Also fresh baked and soft.  Quality crab meat.All the food we ordered was obviously simple and they have a much more complex dinner and tasting menu.  but for lunch I was impressed and it left me wanting more.  So I cant wait to return and see how they handle me in a busy dinner rush.  Because I only tasted and had a smidge of what they offer I will rate four stars.  I have no doubt that they will be fantastic for dinner, based on what the lunch service was like.  Keep up the good work, and drum up some business for the lunch service, it was empty in there.  Thats about all i can criticize.
4	My fiance brought me here for my birthday dinner.  It was a true delight. Everything was quite tasty, the cocktail I had was one I'd never heard of before and an absolute treat (I love trying new cocktails!), and the meal size was perfect.  We enjoyed the meal greatly, the wait staff was wonderful, and we left happy.
5	There's something absolutely magical about the Big Burrito restaurant group. Every restaurant associated with it is fantastic--FANTASTIC, do you hear me?!I went to Eleven with two friends to try their Sunday brunch--collectively, we tried: the grilled sticky, the scallops, the crabcake, the huevos ranchero, the eggs benedict, the Eleven burger, and the pumpkin mascarpone cannoli (with delicious pears).Everything was unbelievably well-made. The ham included in the eggs benedict  makes me salivate to reminisce about; the tartar sauce on the crabcake was perfectly complimented by not only the crabcake itself, but the white anchovies served with it; the Eleven burger was MONSTROUS and well-worth the price (don't leave without trying it); and the dessert was more than a satisfying way to end the brunch. Along with some complimentary pastries with both a butter and an apple jelly as well as included drinks, I would be sorely mistaken to not give this place 5 stars on Yelp. The service was great, the food was great, and you'll see me here again (once I get the money to pay for an expensive brunch again)! Times like these make me upset to be a broke college student.
4	Apparently Eleven is the place to be in Pittsburgh.  Not only were we graced with the presence of Ben Roethlisberger (see: Pittsburgh Steelers) sitting around the corner from us, but Taylor Lautner (see:  Twilight) joined him soon after.  We had a pretty good time gawking at them until Lautner's body guard accused us of trying to take pictures of him (as if!) and they closed the curtain on the private room.Anyway!This place is desperately trying to be NYC style, and doing a pretty good job of it.  The decor is schnazzy and the big booths are cozy for a group.  The service was wonderful.. very attentive and accomodating.  The menu was sprinkled with the names of farms where the produce and meat come from.  The food was pretty good, but nothing memorable.  And the prices were definitely NYC - entrees anywhere from $23 to $55.For Pittsburgh, this place deserves four stars.  Don't get me wrong, I love PIttsburgh, but it's just not really a haven for fancy food (see: Primanti Brothers).  I'd recommend it for a nice night out on the town.  Who knows, you may be even sitting next to Roethlisberger himself...
5	How have I missed reviewing Eleven?I've been here several times and I never had a bad meal. Service is good, though doesn't blow me away as memorable. For the price of the meal, sometimes I wish the service had something a little more special to it.One great, if underrated, feature is the variety of bread choices they have.  When the server comes around to ask you what you'd like, don't be afraid to try a few different varieties.Their tasting menus are great choices and you should get plenty to eat over the various courses.  The portions aren't huge, but the flavors are rich and complex, which helps to fill you up.Both their seafood and meats are high quality selections and cooked perfectly every time.The bar area is very chic, almost like something you could find in Las Vegas.  Their wine menu is extensive and there are some good, decently priced offerings (again, considering the overall price-point of this restaurant).  This would be an impressive date restaurant.If you get cold easily, you might want to dress with long sleeves or bring a jacket or shawl or something.  There are tables both upstairs and downstairs, and depending on where you're sitting and how the A/C is blowing, you might get a chill!
4	My friend and I were in the area for the Winter Classic. We picked ELEVEN for linner (lunch/dinner) because it came up in our search for an American fare restaurant located close to our hotel. Boy did we luck out! The layout/space is distinct and the decor is modern. The dress code is in the range of smart casual to business informal. However, we were in jeans and our game gear and felt comfortable. OK, now to the important part ... the food. We shared the homemade soft pretzels with cheddar cheese-beer sauce and Maldon sea salt for an appetizer and I had the Eleven Burger -- short rib & chuck, braised veal, black pepper bacon, crispy onions and blue cheese with fries on the side. Quality ingredients, tasty flavor combinations and decent prices. We also ordered cocktails that were strong and good. The service was great in the beginning, but after our main course it was poor. We had to wait a looooong time to get  our check.
5	Fantastic!  Great Service!  Very nice dining room and bar but a little on the dark side.  Went on Sunday night so not crowded.  The wine list is one of the best in the Burg.  Many wines by the glass and not over priced.  They have a bread person with several homemade breads including raisin, focaccia also comes with butter and dippings of olive oil, grated cheese and balsamic.  The bread person would stop by and see if you wanted to try more.  Could have just eaten bread all night.Had a seafood chowder soup that was packed with shrimp, potatoes, crabs, corn and more.  Spiced just right, it was delicious.  Had the beet salad with red and golden beets. with slice apples and cheese, a great mixture for a tasty salad.My entree was the lamb and it was cooked just right.  Had it medium rare and the waitress said that is what the chef recommended.  Was able to try a few different wines with the meal and they will help with your selection and very knowledgable.Leave room for desert they are wonderful.One of the better dining experiences in the Burg.
5	Just had their sunday brunch and it was fantastic!!!! it was easy to get a reservation but it was on a post steeler game snowy sunday morning. We decided to do the Prix fix which is $25 and includes an appetizer, entree, a pastry basket and a cocktail. Totally worth it!!!!  I got the blood orange mimosa and the flute was large (just the way i like it) for my appetizer i got the crispy brussel sprouts (sans the anchovies) and they were AMAZING!!  my BF got the oysters with their house made hot sauce and they were "orgasmic" we both got omelettes and the portions were large and the quality of the food was top notch. Our server was very friendly and he was attentive. He even inquired if i wanted a meatless substitute for my entree. Eleven is definitely my favourite restaurant in Pittsburgh as far as consistency goes. The brunch just confirmed it.
4	Love the food
5	We had late reservations for the restaurant so we arrived a bit early to have cocktails and appetizers at the bar.  I had a vodka martini (okay, two) with goat cheese stuffed olives - delicious - and my companion had a bourbon and coke.  The cocktails were well-poured.  We had the rock-shrimp appetizer - nice, light breading and the accompnaying dipping sauce was slightly sweet with a little kick.  We were seated a little early and our server was perfectly lovely, offering helpful tips about the menu and wine pairings.  To start, I had the oysters along with a lovely glass of prosecco, my partner had the scallops.  The beau-soleil oysters were served with a mignonette and homemade hotsauce - a little sweet, a little briny, with a dash of the hot sauce - it was perfection.  The scallops were a big hit - grits and jalapeno relish were lovely contrasting elements to the sweetness of the scallops and saltiness of the ham.  I had the seafood tasting for dinner - the golden tilefish was light and lemony, the crabcake decadent and the salmon (which I was not particularly excited about) was just a big WOW - smoky, perfectly moist, I couldn't get enough of it!  My companion had the pork chop and, given the speed with which the generous portion disappeared from his plate, loved it.  We shared the frozen dark chocolate ganache - caramel fluff, coconut sorbet - sinful, divine.  We left eleven full, slightly drunk and very happy.
4	As far as contemporary fine dining goes, Eleven sticks with the Big Burrito formula pretty closely. Nothing they serve is entirely challenging but for a lot of Pittsburghers, it probably appears that way.Either way, there's no way to argue about the quality of the food. The ingredients are seasonal and local and the cooking is inspired. Eleven is probably the most upscale of the Big Burrito restaurants but the stuffiness that comes with that atmosphere is wholly missing.I love being able to order food off a restaurant's menu and recognizing the name of the farms that supply their proteins.The service at Eleven is exceptional and the food is great. A lot of people seem to have a problem with Big Burrito but I think they are wholly responsible for a lot of the fine dining scene in Pittsburgh. Mad Mex, as laid back and casual as it is, is a great way to introduce your palette to flavors that will lead you to bigger and much more challenging flavors. Eleven is Big Burrito's attempt at the prize at the end of that journey and I think for most people, it's sufficient.For a more in-depth review you can read the article on my web site. http://eatinginpittsburgh.com/2011/02/02/eleven-brought-coma/
5	Went there for Sunday Brunch but ended up getting non-brunchy food - in the form of burgers.  Let me tell you, hands-down, best burger I've had in Pittsburgh.  Why?  Well, the beef was cooked amazingly well (juicy and flavorful), the bacon with cracked black pepper was perfectly crispy, and their Maytag Blue cheese served as the ideal companion creating a well-rounded burger.  AND, the fries were the dank-ness (i.e. amazing), specifically due to their seasoning.  We were informed that similar to other Big Burrito restaurants, all of their meat is ethically raised, and grass-fed.  Our server also went through the courtesy of explaining that the veal in our burgers is ground daily and recommended the ideal level to which it should be cooked.  Essentially, he was really thorough and also educated us on the food we were consuming.  Unexpectedly, we had several different people check in on us (we were seated in the bar/lounge area), ensuring that our glasses of water and pre-meal coffees were never empty, and that every aspect of the meal was to our liking.  I would highly, highly, highly recommend this place.
5	Officially, our favorite restaurant for Brunch. We have been here a few times now and are always very happy with the choices. We always go with the prix fixe. I have enjoyed the pumpkin squash soup, the beet salad, the crab cake sandwich, the pork huevos rancheros, and chicken sandwich served with the killer fries, just to name a few items. BJ has tried the New York strip and eggs, shrimp, leek, ham & cheddar omelet and loved every minute of it. We always swear that we are going to try the Eleven burger or the grilled sticky. But something else always manages to catch our eye. They also serve a bread basket with a yummy croissant and random tiny little muffins with an ever changing delicious homemade jam and flavored butter. Kudos to Eleven for serving up the best brunch in town!
5	Delightful.  That's the word that comes to mind.  From the first step in the door with the welcoming fireplace and soaring ceilings, to the soothing sage greens and wood, to the inlaid tables, to the professional and friendly service, to the exquisite food.  Five celebrated a special occasion together this afternoon....Eleven made it even more special.We started off with the roasted beet, Belgian endive, Maytag blue cheese, hazelnut salad.  It was beautiful!  Gorgeous jewels of golden and ruby beets sprinkled with soft, salty and sharp bleu cheese, crisp, crunchy endive, sweet hazelnuts, lovely apples and a drizzle of molasses vinaigrette started us off beautifully.  Entrees....well, 4 out of 5 voted for the strip steak salad and all raved about the beef!  I opted for the lobster roll sans the roll, please.  Beautiful mesclun, which I understand was the first of the season and locally grown, was piled high with succulent chunks of Maine lobster dressed with a fresh lemony vinaigrette.  The lobster had been cooked perfectly...tender and sweet.  Absolutely heaven.  Oh!  And the housemade, fat dill pickle rocked.  Mmmmmhhhmmm.On to dessert.  We were a little more diverse in dessert selection, but only marginally.  3 out of 5 ordered the molten lava cakes that were accompanied by hazelnut ice cream - housemade, of course!  All three wore happy little chocolate smiles the rest of the day.  Our 4th was all smiles over the apple crumble pie with roasted cinnamon ice cream and I....well, of course I had the creme brulee.  In this case it was pumpkin creme brulee.  Warm, toasty spices infused the lovely, soft custard with that gorgeous, crunch of bruleed sugar on top.  I do love a good creme brulee....this ranked right up there with the best.A round of coffee and those adorable little macaroons brought to the table left us all happy as clams.  Delightful.
5	I was in town for work, and my husband took me to Eleven for my birthday. What a magical evening! When we arrived, my husband asked if "table Eleven" was at all available, and to our delight, it was! That's the sort of private balcony overlooking the bar area. We ordered a couple of cocktails and began our food adventure. The server was extremely attentive, as were other servers who came to check on us periodically, and the cute boy with the bread basket came over numerous times to replenish our bread. The rosemary-sea salt focaccia is to die for!  For the first course, I started with the foi gras, and my man had a dozen oysters. The foi gras was seared to perfection, and the presentation was fabulous. The balance of flavors from the little bit of fruit and glaze on the plate and the crispy-on-the-outside-soft-on-the-inside brioche, was perfect. My husband loved the house-made hot sauce that came with the oysters. I tried it, and it's very yummy and VERY hot! We then had the most delicious lobster bisque, which had such unique flavor (I think it was a dash of chili and some Pernod). For the main course, I had the Elysian Fields Lamb which was so beautifully medium rare and as tender as any tenderloin I've had. The polenta was excellent and perfectly seasoned, and the carrots and turnips were prepared so nicely al dente. My husband went sort of nuts over his short ribs. I tasted them and kind of went nuts too. SO good! As if the meal couldn't get any better, we dove into the dessert menu. I told the server that I wanted the most insanely chocolate dessert they had, and she did not lead me astray with the molten lava cake. I've had many molten lava cakes, and I consider myself to be an expert on them, even having tried making them myself. This cake was downright orgasmic: perfect lava center, house made hazelnut ice cream, chocolate crispy chunks decorating the plate, and a chocolate wafer with "happy birthday" written on it. My husband was pretty fond of his cannoli as well. This meal was such a winner in my book. I just wish Yelp had a rating of "Lick The Plate" because that's what I wanted to do after each course.
4	This place is doing it and doing it really damn well.  From the beautiful floral arrangements down to the Maitre D who was more than helpful.  He was a life saver.  My girlfriend and I dined here before her ballet audition on St. Patricks day so the whole city was going bonkers.  We ordered a cheese plate (they had Capriole Farms on there huge bonus points).  Indiana!  I ordered the forest mushroom, camombert sandwhich and it was a gem!  The salad that accompanied my sandwich paired excellently with the earthy qualities of the sandwich.  I can certainly see why they got a tip of the hat from James Beard.  My only complaint was that I paid $10 to park.
4	I like to eat at nearly any time of day, but brunch holds a special spot in my heart. Since I'd heard so much praise about Eleven, I decided to entrust it with my Sunday brunch experience. It didn't disappoint.The prix-fixe brunch special that a lot of Big Burrito places seem to have--one appetizer, one entree, and one juice or cocktail for $25--is a great deal. For my appetizer, I had the goat cheese doughnuts. That sounds bizarre, I know, but the goat cheese is subtle, and gives the lil' rings a nice tanginess. I also tried my brother's appetizer of choice, the grilled sticky, which was like a hybrid of a cinnamon roll and French toast in caramel sauce. The bread basket Eleven served was also yummy, with biscuits, mini-muffins, and a croissant, plus house-made vanilla butter and raspberry preserves. I had the Ruby Red Greyhound as my cocktail, which was gin and grapefruit juice, and it was delicious. That was a lot of carbs and sugar, so I sadly abstained from the vanilla bean waffle. The mushroom and red pepper omelet, however, was a fair enough consolation. We had absolutely no room for dessert.The service was great, and the atmosphere of the place was really pleasant. Thanks, Big Burrito, for being so consistent with good service and food at your multiple restaurants.
4	Dinner experience here was a little off -- wine bottle was not the year cited on the menu (two years younger) -- very average arctic char in both presentation and taste & runny polenta!This may have been exacerbated by the fact that service was not how it usually is at Eleven!  It was quite busy -- and it was a Friday evening -- but, gosh -- no waiter appearing for 15 minutes?  Desserts were solid and the other two diners in my party seemed to like their meals but weren't over-the-moon.
5	HUGE fan. One of the best places I've been to in Pittsburgh during my college days! Dinner is great- but I would say that the reasonable priced pre fixe brunch menu is AMAZING!
4	The seafood is excellent!
5	Their prefix brunch menu is very nice and constantly changing. The interior is spacious and relaxing. The thing that really impressed me and made a difference was their bread actually. Every time I went, their bread was warm, soft, buttery, and flaky, like they're fresh out of the oven or something. It comes in a assortment of different breads, scones, muffins... Definitely a thumbs up for their house baker. Overall I just really appreciate restaurants that make the effort to serve warm house bread, and whipped butter, instead of hard cold bread and butter.
4	Eleven has to been one of the most consistently good restaurants in Pittsburgh for the last 10 years.  I have been here many times for dinner and never been disappointed.  This weekend I brought my family here for Mother's Day Brunch.  The brunch prix fixe is a great deal.  You get an appetizer, entree, and a breakfast-themed cocktail for $25.  The appetizers and entrees have a tremendous variety.  They start you off with a basket of their muffins and croissants that they bake in house.   They were great with the strawberry-rhubarb jam and my small children each knocked back about 3 muffins.   For an appetizer I had the asparagus which was covered with a poached egg and duck fat hollandiase sauce.  It was delicious and heavy.  I also had the vanilla bean Belgian waffle covered with bananas, pecans, and orange sauce.  The contrasting sweetness was a great compliment to my savory appetizer.  Everyone at the table loved each of their dishes which included some unique creations such as goat cheese donuts or upscale take on classics such as grilled stickies and eggs benedict.  Service was excellent as always.  The place was absolutely packed.Once again, Eleven delivered.  My only criticism of our brunch (and it's a small one) is that the portions were too large.  I was uncomfortably stuffed after my entree and most of the table couldn't finish their entrees.  I have found this not to be true with Eleven's dinner tasting menu.  Regardless, Eleven once again delivered an excellent meal and I would easily recommend it for dinner or brunch.
5	I could live here! I could live here if they would also feed me 24/7....wouldn't that be livin' the dream? I can't even get to the food before I tell you how amazing it is inside! It has that cool urban loft feel. I love the outdoor seating. I love the huge garage door that opens up the entire restaurant. I love the upstairs intimate dining area. I love the bar area. I love love love it all! Remember to keep an open mind and an open wallet, because you'll need it! First off, cocktails....hello! I ordered the Summer Strawberry and my friend ordered the Leven-ade. We were so confused because the waitress set them down in front of us and I had the yellow colored drink and she had the pink colored drink. We thought she had mixed them up.  But she hadn't.  I swear mine tasted more Lemonadie and tart and my friends tasted more fruity. So to solve that issue, we switched! And all was right in the world again.... I had heard over and over again that the portions were incredibly small. So with that being said, and not wanting to be a cheapskate by ordering only an app, I ordered the Asparagus Salad. The portion was big to my surprise...and utter joy. Score one! The asparagus was fresh and crisp with balsamic drizzle and pieces of thinly sliced pork (properly called Lomo...which I totally had to look up the meaning of, don't worry!) and parmesan. Perfection! I ordered the Tuna because I can rarely resist tuna if it's on the menu. It was perfectly cooked....or uncooked. There's really no other way to order Tuna then to order it rare. Go rare or go home! It was fantastic! It really out shined the mixture of rice below.  I also really liked the slight green olive taste in the dish. Score two!  My friend got the Hanger Steak rare as well and it was equal in amazingness.  I, of course, had to try it!   I'm a fillet girl all the way, but the way the steak was cooked made the flavor just right! So we left, empty wallets but full bellies. And I'm totally ok with that!
4	Park'g was comfy ~ Food was excellent & music was helpful while we're enjoying food & outdoor breeze /w our puppy, Guma. ;)
5	I've eaten here many times over the past few years.  I've never been disappointed.  The ingredients are always fresh, local, and of the highest caliber.  The menu is imaginative, but not pretentious or over-complicated.  They truly allow the fantastic, fresh ingredients speak for themselves.  The wait-staff and bartenders are always knowledgable, kind, attentive, and can make informed reccomendations.  I can't say enough good things about this place.
5	Fab-U-lo-so!! I recommend you go for the splurge and do the tasting menus.   I had the Vegetarian Tasting Menu and was over the moon.  I exchanged the Chilled Red Pepper &Strawberry Soup (just wasn't didn't sound appetizing to me...but curious about it) for the Chilled Pea& Asparagus.  Wonderful soup with a hint of lemon and the fresh (a hint of licorice) kick of basil...oh and the lobster was quite  tasty.  Next was the amazing  Asparagus with soft egg, ramp vinaigrette, and just right "squashed" fingerling potatoes.  As I neared my limit I had the Ricotta Cavatelli which was rich and sublime.  Sadly I was getting a bit full so I took this dish home after a small sample.  Best for last (got some dining assistance here): Rosewater Pavola which was a smooth finish to a great meal,  And I am a big big fan of meringues!  The blackberries and mint ice cream (not the green stuff) had a clean, organic taste.  Just think really really fresh.  Oh and my date had the Seafood Tasting and was equally pleased.   What a wonderful dining experience!  I read lots of reviews but was really surprised by the food, and super service (Read raves for Edward and gotta give some props to his attentive service!) I love the use of local, sustainable foods too!
4	I went here for Happy Hour last week and I don't know why I don't come here more often. I had some tasty cocktails and they had Oberon wheat beer which was delish. I ordered the grilled cheese sandwich which may have been on the happy hour menu, and it was good...I like my cheese a bit sharp, and while there was some of it mixed in, I would have preferred more of a sharpness, but whatevs, it's grilled cheese and I was in the mood for it! All in all a great experience and I'll try to make sure I come here more often. I've heard the food here is great as well as the brunch - once I check those out, I'll update my review!
5	I had an absolutely delightful lunch here on a recent visit to Pittsburgh. The crab cake appetizer was a highlight. The service was friendly and attentive. I hope to go again sometime.
5	Eleven is an experience in delightful food, an ocean of wines, and refreshingly elegant modern decor coupled with great service. I have been here many times for various occasions, tried many items on the menu, and have yet to find something to be upset about the food, the drinks, or the service. Their seafood and vegetarian tasting menus are excellent; perhaps the best way to get the full experience. You gotta get a bottle of wine with them, of course, and your server will surely be helpful here. Their fresh bread comes in various kinds and is simply wonderful. Desserts are very good, even the cannoli, which I normally do not get or like as it is fried.Eleven is a great Sunday brunch place as well. Recently, I tried their brunch on their patio. It was as outstanding as the dinners. My brunch partner and I each got the $25 prix fixe menu, which includes an appetizer, an entree, and a cocktail. We chose the fresh oysters (yummy with their in-house spicy papaya sauce; a must try), goat cheese donuts (nice unique combination of fruit, cheese, sugar, and donut; another must try), eggs benedict with salmon substituted for ham, and the vegetarian omelet. All were excellent and the salmony eggs benedict served on the English muffin were the best I had so far in my current life.  The cocktails were also delightful: try the peachy bellini and the white sangria, which I thought was better. The whole brunch prix fixe was very filling; we had to take almost half the entrees to go. Let me not forget to mention their fresh berry jam that came with the bread. I could have eaten only that for brunch with the fresh bread.The servers at Eleven deserve big kudos. They are professional, friendly, and they do know the menu items well. They can make suggestions and I have so far not made a wrong choice by following their suggestions. I hope they continue to serve as an example to raise the standards of service in many of Pittsburgh eateries.  In summary, go there. While I enjoyed escaping the crowds and the solitude during their Sunday brunch, I am happy to see more people packing the place on a Sunday to enjoy and support this fine establishment. Maybe I should watch what I wish for...
3	Their lamb entree was great but they have removed it from the dinner entree selections. If you want to try it, you have to order the chef tasting option which costs a lot more. The lamb taco and seabass were not bad but I have had better else where. Over all i thought this place is over priced and the food was just ok. I was not impressed with this restaurant.
3	Came here for brunch and had very high expectations. First off the prix fixe is definitely the way to go!  There are quite a few choices and it includes a brunch cocktail. What we had: The bread basket (love, love, love!  probably the best part of the meal we even had seconds, and took most of them home!)Both of us ordered the sangria (he didn't love it so yay two cocktails for me!  Tasted alright, but could definitely use a kick of flavor)Both ordered the mussels as an appetizer (decent flavor, but no better than at point brugge)He had the Eleven burger (very good, but very difficult to eat, messy!  They did bring him an awesome homemade mayo for the burgers and the fries)I had the waffle which was a huge disappointment (it was hard as a rock as if it was sent back and then served to another diner)               **the bacon that came with this was amazing!  Overall the experience left a lot to be desired, we had to wait a long time for waters to be refilled, and orders to come out even though the place was empty.  I might give them another chance, but with so many places to try it is not high on my list to return to.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE, REALLY LOVE THIS PLACE!  This has to be the best place for happy hour in Pittsburgh.  My girlfriend and I try a new HH each Wed and this has been the best so far.  I love when high end restaurants have a real happy hour with real specials and really great prices.  We both tried several drinks off the HH menu, all delicious, in addition to one off the menu and still got a cheaper price on it (and it was 30 min after HH ended, SCORE).  The bartender we had was fantastic, I think his name was Matt, and he hooked us up with a "taste" of the sangria for free, which turned out to be a whole glass.  Another score.We tried to oysters and mussels, which are half price at HH.  They were both so good.  I've been trying oysters everywhere, and at Eleven for $1/each.  Can't beat it!I do wish the happy hour went a little later than 6, but since he still gave me the prices at 6.30 I can't complain too much.  The place wasn't busy at all so parking was easy and we got prompt service.  The doors were open to the outside and it was nice out.  I like that they make it so easy to eat/drink at a high end restaurant without it being an anniversary date or something.  I'll be back a lot.
4	I like Pittsburgh.  It isn't trying to be anything else and it really doesn't care what you think.  I like the steel and the long quiet factories and warehouses of the industrial revolution which have become restaurants or quietly stand guard around the city.I don't know who did the design for Eleven but it's a great space.  A transformed warehouse in the Strip - the space is airy and the lighting and tall windows beautiful.  The walls are a gun metal grey and high on one wall is what looks like a scrolling metal gate.  There are lots of cozy booths and overall the noise level in the dining room is good for conversation.  I was fortunate to be here in summer and all around the outside of the restaurant were the most beautiful pots - cascading foliage of green and burgundy shades.  I know they don't need to do this, but I noticed this detail.  In summer there is a nice terrace that is shielded from the street by these pots.I love open kitchens.  This is an ingredient based restaurant that has access to the best of Pennsylvania farms. It was fun to see baskets of peaches lining the stainless steel shelves in front of the kitchen.  Of course we had the peach ice cream sandwich for dessert!The service was great - friendly and just the right amount of checking in.  Wine list offers choice for all budgets.  We chose a Russian River Pinot Noir - Row Eleven and it was excellent.   I appreciated being served the bread of our choice instead of a basket on the table.    They offer a selection and all were great - semolina, salted foccacia, and a wheat with currants. The menu offered great choice among tasting menus and tasting entrees.  I love this concept and so we had the Seafood Tasting entree. Everything was beautifully plated and excellent.  Perfectly done salmon atop cucumbers and potatoes, Halibut with roasted tomatoes and a crab cake among the best I've had.  I wish more restaurants would do this.  We also had an excellent salad which they offered to split.  For start we had the lamb taco and everything about this dish worked.  Every bite was heaven - pulled lamb, lentils, corn, cilantro....I was hoping to try the Happy Hour which looked great... All around an excellent meal in a beautiful space.
4	My trip to Eleven was very, very good.  We started off dinner with a Tea-quito and tuna tar tar.  Both were excellent.  I especially enjoyed the melon salad that accompanied the tar tar perfectly.For an entree I ordered the Eleven Burger.  This burger has onion straws, braised veal and your choice of cheese on USA prime beef.  The burger arrived and was cooked just as ordered (medium).  Every part of the burger was executed perfectly.Overall, Eleven was a very good experience.  Great atmosphere, good happy hour specials, above average staff and very good food.
3	Sometimes I wish Yelp had the option of half stars.  I would give Eleven 3.5.  Alas, I have to choose 3 stars because I don't want to go 4.  The ambiance in here is nice.  Different tables scattered throughout a couple of levels, 2 different bars, good lighting, relaxed feel.  I consider Eleven a special occasion spot and I was here with a couple of friends celebrating a friends birthday.  The bread basket here is good!  Try the olive bread.  Our table started with 2 appetizers.  The lamb tacos and the grilled peaches and ham.  Not a big fan of the lamb tacos.  Difficult to share because they aren't really tacos more like a heap of meat with some cheese.  The peach and ham was delicious!  For dinner I ordered the seafood tasting menu which came with salmon, crab cake, and mahi.  Good- I ate every last bite.  The waiter was entertaining.  It seemed like he wanted to sit down and chat with us.  He may have been flirting with the birthday girl?  The best part of the meal was the banana cream pie.  I want to go back and get my very own without having to share it next time.  I'm selfish like that with my dessert!A bit pricey here.
4	The happy hour here is really awesome. Great deals on wine and food in one of pittsburgh's classiest spots. I know it's going off the menu soon for the season but the peach whiskey tea is one of the best drinks available in pittsburgh. The food is really good too. The Salmon was great, the pork chop was good, and I thought the foie gras was forgettable.I like that they rotate the menu every day and source a lot of things locally. This may be a nit-picky thing but I'm put of by the bench seating. I think that's pretty tacky for an upscale restaurant. I also don't like the fact that they don't seem to have tables for two. If I'm on a date having a nice meal, I think it's odd to sit at a six-top. Generally I think the service is good not great but was underwhelmed last time I was there. Overall I'm always happy to be here but wish it would live up to its promise more.
4	Finally went here for dinner and it was fantastic!  Had the grilled peaches and lamb taco as the appetizer - I thought both were well prepared.  The peaches were in season so they were sweet and the lamb taco was flavorful.  Not usually a fan of lamb, but didn't mind this appetizer at all.I got the seafood platter as the entree which consisted of the halibut, salmon, and a crab cake.  All were cooked perfectly - not undercooked or overdone.  I think my favorite was the crab cake.  The fish were cooked well but didn't have a distinct flavor at least with the seasoning.  Salmon always has a distinct taste, but I wanted the seasoning to complement it and I think this was missing for both the salmon and the halibut.  For dessert we had the blueberry cannoli and the banana cream pie - I think these are the right names, but you'll be able to tell which ones I'm talking about if they still have them on the menu.  The banana cream pie was not what I expected - it was more of a deconstructed pie, but very tasty.  The banana flavor was subtle and not too overwhelming.  The blueberry cannoli was also very subtle and delish.Highly recommend this place!  While it may not be somewhere I can go too often b/c it's a bit pricey to make it a routine dinner spot, it's definitely something I'll think about on those special treat type of nights.
4	Continued service problems.  Nearly impossible to get service at an empty bar on a Sunday evening.  Nearly impossible to pay the bill at the bar.  Strange, occasionally over-effusive, service once seated for a late dinner.Excellent food.  I had the tuna tartare and the pork chop.  Excellent salt caramels, as always.
4	I've been meaning to come here for a longgg time.  Turns out they have a very solid happy hour menu, including a bunch of drinks & many of their apps.  I tried the lamb taco and it was kick-ass.  Oysters are $1 each.  The cocktails...meh.  I had the tomato-infused martini, and it was just okay...had potential but the execution was a bit flawed.  The Pimms cup was good but not memorable, but the tea-ojito was well done. For dinner we went with tuna & lamb.  Both were excellent; the lamb was done three ways; the saddle, pulled lamp, & lamb...wait for it...bacon.  It tasted like bacon, but it was lamb, so that automatically makes it more awesome.  We actually got dessert, too...peanut butter something or other.  Everything is garnished well, plated well, and executed well.  I don't have anything bad to say about the food or service in the restaurant, just expect a $50pp check.  The minus one star right now is for the meh drinks, and the relatively poor service in the bar; we waited with empty glasses for 15 minutes.  I'll definitely go back.
5	LOVE!  Cider braised plums with Gorgonzola.  Butternut squash soup with Serrano ham.  Perfectly seared salmon.  They were all divine.  Service was paced well.  We weren't rushed nor were we waiting around for each course.  The cocktail menu was diverse, but I stuck with my beloved wine.  Luckily, it was just as extensive.Loved the banquette seating!
5	Dined at Eleven twice since  my last review....still awesome!Daily oyster selection....don't miss the vinegar mignonette and the HOT sauce...great starter.Local and imported cheese selections are well thought out and delicious.Beet salad...goat cheese...yum!The Elysian Fields lamb has been replaced by another local purveyor, Jamison Farms. The new lamb is grass fed. Very tender and flavorful, lamb is still a highlight at Eleven.Dessert....cannoli....peach one time and blueberry the next....yikes...killer!I love this restaurant....
2	We dined at Eleven for the first time recently and had high expectations. After all, it has fantastic Yelp reviews and a very encouraging average rating. Plus many of our friends who have lived in Pittsburgh longer than us (and whose culinary tastes we respect and are usually aligned with) said great things. Perhaps it was these high expectations that resulted in us leaving disappointed...Eleven just didn't do it for us.Four of us had dinner on a not-too-busy evening. All of us shared the opinion that we won't be going back. Why? How can such a high-scoring mainstay of Pittsburgh's dining scene fail to impress us?It wasn't the space, which is great. We loved the little nooks and crannies where tables are placed upstairs. It makes for a more intimate dining experience. That said, the four of us were seated at a table in an alcove that could have easily taken a group of six...needless to say we were a bit too spread out for our liking. That aside, it is a lovely space and the bar area is also really nice. I would go back for drinks at the bar.What about the service? Service was very professional and formal without being too formal. Apparently the kitchen messed up our order and had to re-do some dishes. Our server was apologetic and the manager came to explain. We hadn't really noticed the delay so it wasn't a problem, but we appreciated this level of attention to detail. All staff were friendly and attentive. What you'd expect for a fine-dining restaurant.Unfortunately the let down was the food. The crux of the problem here was twofold. First, the serving sizes. The portions were just too big. I guess this is great "bang for the buck" if you are happy boxing leftovers to take home. But it just seemed to be far too much food. Second, the seasoning. Everything was way too salty. I love my salt for sure but this was over the top. Ultimately these problems resulted in us feeling too full and uncomfortable at the end. The next morning more than one of us reported having a "food hangover" (not of the alcohol kind), which was a shame. As a final point with the food, I would also say that Eleven's kitchen tends to play it safe. Lots of more "traditional" preparations on the menu. Not much creativity and innovation (unlike Salt of the Earth or Notion). If you are familiar with the kinds of dishes Spoon (in East Liberty) puts out then you'll be familiar with what Eleven's kitchen does. None of this is bad but I think Pittsburgh deserves more innovation and excitement given some of the newer restaurants in town that are doing (relatively) amazing things.All in all Eleven failed to deliver on the reputation it has built--at least from what we had read and heard before going there. Will we return? Probably not. There are so many great restaurants on the higher end of the scale in Pittsburgh (e.g., Notion, Salt of the Earth) that there are just better options out there.
2	I wanted to love Eleven.  I really did.  This really should be a 2.5 star review.  Ate there two years ago and remember a gorgeous pork chop, cooked perfectly.  I came back in October 2011 with very high expectations.  Alas, I was somewhat disappointed.  The space itself is nice - quirky and intimate.  The service is polished and knowledgeable.  The cooking is hit or miss.I started with the cider glazed plums with gorgonzola and speck.  A nice idea in theory, but I found this dish to be very harshly flavored.  The glaze was extremely acidic - almost astringently so.  The speck was good, but the gorgonzola should have been a sweeter version thereof.  I found it too harsh with the plums, a combination that I would have otherwise thought perfect.  My entree was the Jameson lamb done three or four ways - lamb saddle roasted and sliced, lamb bacon and some other slow roasted cut that fell apart like carnitas.  The lamb was nicely cooked and presented, the beets and potatoes perfectly cooked.  The red onion marmalade was, to reuse a word, astringent.  It caused heartburn soon after I left the restaurant, and I only had a couple of bites.  Does the chef taste his sauces?  Maybe not, based on my recent dinner there.Had an unmemorable deconstructed banana cream dessert.  Meh.For the money, I am sure one can do better in Pittsburgh.  I know I will try someplace else next time I am in town. Very disappointing.
5	Well, Eleven has been around for about 7 or 8 years now and we finally, finally got around to doing the Chef's Table.  It's something we had been meaning to do for a while, but just never seemed to find the time.  Well, my 35th birthday seemed like a good reason so we gave it a shot on a recent Saturday night.  When I set up the reservation, they asked if we had any restrictions or had any ingredients that we really wanted to have.  I told them neither as I didn't want to restrict the Chef's creativity.The Chef's table is in a little alcove right next to the kitchen.  Although they say it can seat 6, it really best fits 4 or 5.  6 could fit, but you'd be a little cramped and a bunch a people would have to get up if someone in the middle needed to go to the bathroom.  With the amount of wine they give you, I can guarantee this will occur!While waiting for the rest of our group to arrive, my wife and I split a "Smokey the Pear" cocktail in Eleven's trendy bar.  It was pear vodka with smoke-infused ice.  Delicious and smokey.  They also "split" the drink into 2 separate martini glasses that were almost filled to the top.  Eleven's generosity w drinks would be a theme of the evening.Here's the run-down of our outstanding meal:Amuse bouche w  yellowtail, lemon mignonette, apple, trout roe, hickory nut  Paired w: Laurent-Perrier ChampagneVerdict:  Light and delicious flavorful start.  Champagne with a capital "C" is always welcome, especially when each person gets poured a quarter-bottle!Sea Scallop w lobster-parsnip veloute, lemony greensPaired w:  SancerreVerdict:  Delicious again, perfectly cooked scallop with lobster veloute, how could this not be awesome?Beets w pecan-crusted goat cheese, maple vinaigrette, pear, arugula, melon butterPaired w:  Left Coast Cellars pinot grisVerdict:  I can't believe I didn't like beets as a kid.  This was an amazing elevation of the ingredient.  Great combination with the goat cheese and pears.Cauliflower with polenta, sea beans, cauliflower puree, whole grain mustard, crispy sagePaired w:  Lynmar Estate chardonnayVerdict:  The cauliflower was grilled which added a delicious smoky, earthy quality.  Everything worked quite well together.  A heavy vegetable dish perfectly paired with a heavy white.Hudson Valley foie gras w parsnip bread, plum gastrique, black walnuts, arugulaPaired w:  Adelsheim Pinot noir deglaceVerdict:  Over-the-top decadence with a huge piece of melt-in-your-mouth seared foie over delicious toasted bread.  We were in heaven.Wild Alaskan halibut w portabello mushrooms, squab jus, watercressPaired with:/ Laetitia Estate pinot noirVerdict:  An excellent take on an excellent piece of fish.  The musrooms and squab jus gave it dense, rustic quality.  Another perfect pairing.Jamison Farm lamb w smoked shoulder, lamb bacon, local beets, potatoes, red onion marmalade, mintPaired w: Frog's Leap zinfandelVerdict:  Wow, does this place do lamb right!  Whether you're a "lambassador" or not, this would be a very difficult dish not to like.  This was a true highlight of the evening.  Without hyperbole, I can say that Eleven makes the best lamb dishes that I've ever eaten.Concord grape sorbet w candied apple, lemon balm dabayonPaired w:  ProseccoVerdict:  a tart, flavorful, pre-dessert palate cleanser.  White chocolate & cocoa nib souffle w vanilla bean semifreddo, poached pairPaired w:  Bogle petite sirah portVerdict:  Absolutely outstanding.  How many places in the Burgh serve souffle?  Not too many.  This was just delicious and I could have eaten a whole bowl of the vanilla bean semifreddo.  This only served to reinforce my opinion that Eleven serves the best desserts in Pittsburgh.  If you think there's somewhere better, please let me know.Overall, this was a really delicious and fun experience that I would recommend to anyone who loves food and wine.  The large restaurant space was jam-packed on this Saturday night which created a vibrant atmosphere.  Chef Derek Stevens personally brings out each dish and explains them.  He was very friendly.  The wine pairings are EXTREMELY generous, something that I love in a tasting menu.  I would seriously recommend having a DD or rolling with a cab for this night out.  The only tiny criticism I can make is that some of the wine descriptions by the servers were lacking ("this is a pinot gris, it's the same grape as pinot grigio").  The sommelier served our initial glass of Champagne, but we didn't see him for the rest of the evening.  I know he was likely quite busy, but having more interaction and discussion with the sommelier is something that can be very enjoyable for this type of meal.If you're looking for a really nice special-occasion meal in the Burgh, I would highly recommend the Chef's Table at Eleven.  We will certainly be back at some point in the future.
5	*Sunday brunch review*The $25 price fixe brunch is a great deal!  For the price, you get a cocktail, an appetizer, and a main course.I had a mimosa which was just perfect, the right ratio of OJ to champagne.  For my appetizer, I got the Three Greens salad (because I figured I should eat some veggies before gourging on what was to come...), which actually was wonderful.  I could have eaten just that and been satisfied for a normal lunch.  They also brought us a complimentary bread basket full of mini goodies like biscuits, muffins and croissants.  I had a mini biscuit with honey butter and it was delicious.  I wish it had been warm, but otherwise it was a perfect texture.For my main course I had the shrimp and scallion omelet which came with bacon (they make it themselves! awesome) and potatoes.  The BACON....O.M.G.  It had a pepper rub on the edges and it was very meaty.  It could have been a tad crispier but I think that's because it was so thick.  It was so good and the dish came with THREE pieces which I ate all of (snort, snort...I'm a little piggie!).  The omelet itself was wonderful as well, but I could have eaten just bacon and the delicious side of potatoes and been happy.The service was really good, too.  I was impressed.  Although I would note that there's no reason to take away perfectly unused silverware between courses...I support being green and not re-washing clean silverware for no reason.Anyway, this was by far the best food I had in Pittsburgh.  I am glad we didn't go for dinner because of the recent "meh" reviews and considering the price, I would have been sad if it wasn't amazing.  But for brunch...it's a great deal and some awesome food.  Very impressed!!
5	I have been here a few times and I can say so far I have been pleased on each visit.  They are true culinary artist and create memorable dinner selections.  Service is very professional.  Also, if you are in the mood to just relax and grab a drink and chat, they have a separate bar/lounge area that is very accommodating.  However, the prices are steep.
5	The food is phenomenal, and so is the atmosphere! Got to sit at a really cool table which juts out from the 2nd floor over the bar. Really enjoyed the Ricotta Cavatelli and Tuna Tartare appetizers. The only negative was a mediocre cocktail (manhattan).
5	Back in town for business once again, so of course I had to stop by Eleven to see if it was as good as I remember. It didn't disappoint.The edamame was no longer on the menu, but it turns out the menu changes pretty frequently. I enjoyed the lamb tacos and a variety of cheeses once again; we added the tuna tartare as an appetizer and nibbled on the variety of breads they offered.My coworker and I had a pretty heavy lunch, so we topped off the meal with a salad each. I chose the Three Sisters Farm Mesclun while my coworker opted for the Three Greens. Both were great, light, and had some nice accompaniments. Would go back, WILL go back whenever I am in Pittsburgh!!
5	I have been to Eleven several times since moving to pittsburgh and i figured it was about time for a quick review.  yet again, Big Burrito Group never fails to impress. I have had dinner there more than a couple times, but since this  establishment has already been reviewed over 100 times, i will just touch upon my most recent visit (Saturday Nov. 26, 2011) where my wife an i just sat in the bar area and ordered off the tavern menu.   I want to not that you can order off of the whole dinner menu if you like after 6pm (i think, might be 5:30). We each grabbed a couple beers, they have a 'winter solstice' lager ( i forget the brewery) which was great and very cold off of draft.  The wait staff in the tavern area is great, never rush, and are helpful at getting you seated in a decent time frame.  seating here is a first come first serve with about 6-7 four person tables and about 12 bar spots.  We split the goat cheese and onion perogies, with veal jus on top, which were were very tasty and were perfect size to split for an appetizer.  For dinner, we each got the eleven burger.  To call this culinary  creation a burger does not due it justice.  The menu describes it as : Eleven Burger $16.  braised veal, black pepper bacon, crispy onions, fries with a choice of cheddar, Maytag Blue, goat cheese, Emmenthaler Swiss.  I know,  a $16 ;burger', but it is more than worth the cost.  you will take one bite and all other burgers that you thought were standouts will quickly fade from your memory.  Quite simply, this is the perfect modern interpretation of a what burger can be.  Had to pass on desert this last time as the burger and beers were very filling, but complementary chocolate macadamin bark was great (as was the complementary champange we had due to an over order or miscommunication  at another table).  There many reasons why Eleven is considered to be one of the best, if not the best, restaurant in Pittsburgh and their 'tavern menu and service' is just another one of those very reasons.
5	When I need to impress a visiting friend I take them to Eleven for a spectacular Sunday brunch. This weekend just reaffirmed my love! The prix fixe deal really can't be beat, for $25 you get a drink, appetizer, and entree. For my morning drink I got the first snowfall, which aside from the name, was amazing. Sweet and light, perfect for the boat-load of calories I was about to consume. I tried to keep the appetizer on the healthy side with a beet salad. With apple butter and goat cheese lightly fried, it was refreshing and delicious! I can't stay away from the mushroom, zucchini omelette with fingerling potatoes and bacon. They must have the best bacon in Pittsburgh. It must have a dry rub and its cut thick and really crispy. I will definitely be going back as soon as I have something to celebrate...or maybe I won't be able to wait that long! :)
5	My fellow supervisors and I came here for a pre-Christmas lunch.  It was kind of our way of self-congratulating ourselves while our minions dined on McDon.... I mean we decided to have a nice social outing with a very fine lunch.  Anyway, the food here is to die for and it's certainly someplace you don't dine at every day.  I mean, when they describe their grilled cheese sandwich as "Arsenal cheese curds, grass fed local white cheddar, parmesan, and onion jam" you know you're not dealing with the Kraft American between two slices of egg-dipped toast that you get at Eat-n-Park.  Even the burgers are made of braised veal.O but this place is far from pretentious as they can certainly back it up with the quality of food and service.  I went for the Maine lobster salad with mesclun greens and believe you me, I don't order lobster very often but this was heavenly.  And for dessert, my boss and I split the chocolate-peanut-pretzel candy bar.  See, that's the great thing about sharing a dessert.  I had just enough room in my tummy for a little something to fill in the cracks between the parts of my main meal.  And since I'm a type-1 diabetic, splitting a dessert means I only have to take half the insulin to cover it.  So give me a small "Pump that insulin, Susan.  Pump!" here.  And just what is a  chocolate-peanut-pretzel-candy bar?I'll give you a hint--it's definitely no Snicker's bar.  It's a brownie with peanut brittle, and milk chocolate and peanut butter ice creamSo anyway, we had a great holiday lunch here with fantastic food and amazing service.  If you work Downtown, you owe it to yourself to have at least one fine meal here.
5	This is it. This is without a doubt in my mind and my wife's, the number one restaurant in Pittsburgh.Everything about this restaurant is outstanding-  the ambiance is very sophisticated and  wonderful, the service is educated, informed, efficient, unobtrusive and helpful.We have dinned here numerous times for business and for pleasure. We have had outstanding lamb, veal, pastas and seafood. Chef Stevens never disappoints and when we get the tasting menu and often we do it with the wine pairing it is a dining adventure. Sometimes we ask the chef to add an extra course to the tasting menu and he always obliges with something superb. I should mention that the deserts are amazing.The experience is EXCITING AND WONDERFUL.
4	We came here for brunch on Sunday and had the prix fix menu of an appetizer, entree and drink for $25. Normally we don't eat so much but we decided to indulge. That wasn't the best idea. Keep in mind that the portions are a decent size (not huge, but not small either like I had expected) and the food is luxurious. We would have been good with one appetizer and one entree between the two of us. But anyway.Eleven is beautiful decorated and sticks to the motif of trendy and intimate, which seemed pretty tough to do because of how large the place is. We were seated on the upper level and felt comfortable secluded and never noticed the rest of the patrons. Our waiter was professional, courteous and attentive without being annoying. He also suggested some vegetarian favorites and dishes we could modify. Our food was delicious and even better as leftovers because the flavors had time to kick in. My favorite part of brunch (aside from being with my boo)? The drink I ordered. The First Snowfall was light, refreshing, slightly sweet and it really felt like I was drinking delicate, little snowflakes. It made me really happy.
4	I went to Eleven on Monday night for a business dinner, and had a fabulous time. The food was outstanding, the service was great, and the atmosphere was unique and very homey. We all started off with some wine (the list was nothing special but had some good choices... I had the Shiraz, which I really enjoyed) and appetizers. Between 6 of us, we shared the lamb tacos (unbelievable!), the sashimi (REALLY small - not much of an appetizer unless it is for one person) and the crab cakes (I've had better, but they were tasty and sizable). They came by with a bread basket with three different types of bread, and came back to offer us more bread about 3 times. The breads were all delicious as well. For my main course, I had the pork chop. Ah-ma-zing. One of my fellow diners asked the waitress's recommendation between the salmon and the pork, and wow was she right that you can't go wrong with the pork. It was so tender and flavorful, with roasted vegetables and a delicious glaze. I am salivating just thinking about it again right now. And the desserts.... we were full but we couldn't say no. You may not think the cannoli sound like anything special, but they really knocked our socks off. We also tried the pretzel/chocolate/ice cream whatever-it's-called, which was delicious too. But I think everyone was more surprised that the cannoli were so delicious that they were the hit of the night. I do have two complaints about Eleven. One is that it is pricey. As long as you know this going in, it's not really a problem. Obviously going for a business dinner, it was okay, and it would also be fine for a special occasion. But it's definitely not your everyday dinner location. The second is the lighting. We had to ask our waitress for a flashlight/pull out our smartphones to read the menus. While the ambiance was nice, we could've used a little more light so we could at least read the menus.Overall, I definitely recommend Eleven for an elegant and delicious dinner in downtown Pittsburgh. I would definitely go back if I ever find myself back in town!
5	Seriously!  All you happy hour gurus like me, listen up!!  They have updated their happy hour menu so that now you can get ANY gin or vodka martini for $6.  This includes Belvedere, Boyd and Blair, etc.  It used to just be Stoli but now it's anything.  My jaw dropped.  This is HANDS DOWN the best happy hour in Pittsburgh!!  Not to mention the dynamic menu (changing weekly) and array of good wine, cocktails and food (oysters!) on HH.I've also had dinner here twice.  They send out birthday coupons if you are on their mailing list for a free entree (up to $30 value).  Hello!  This is killa.  I used mine in Dec.  A friend emailed Big Burrito saying she didn't receive hers and they faxed a letter to the restaurant for her free dinner a month later.  Best customer service.  I really can't say enough good things about this place.
5	I would go here, over and over and over again. I might have to win the lottery for that, not because I think Eleven is expensive, but they have such good food, I will eat everything!The place is spectacular. There is a loft feel to the place (or may be it is a redesigned loft). The wall of wines is amazing. I tasted a few things here and loved them all. Well to be honest, except the chef's compliments vanilla bean caramel. No fault of the chef or the vanilla bean or the caramel or the compliments. I don't like caramel. Too sweet. The service is great too, as expected. Get the cheese appetizer. Well I love cheese. I love their sangria too. I can't remember if there were more than one on the menu, but  it was delish - not too fruity, not to alcohol-y, just the right balance. The desserts are to die for!!!Must must must go back! And for brunch too! Heard they are just as good as the dinners.
5	Fantastic experience from start to finish! The restaurant is absolutly beautiful, and our server was funny, attentive, and very knowledge!  My husband and I came here on our honeymoon, and were celebrated with a glass of champagne right away.   We ordered the Pork Belly as a starter, and loved it.  For an entree, I had the beef tenderloin, and my husband had the duck. Both were hands down the most tender pieces of respective meats that we've EVER had.  We kept going with dessert; a cheese plate and the Banana Cream Pie (which isn't really a pie at all).  They even had written "Congratulations" on a piece of dark chocolate, laid across the Banana Cream.  The portions were very large, which means we left VERY full, since we tried, and loved, every bite!  No detail was missed, which made for a truly spectacular evening!
5	The overall theme of Eleven is balance.The pork belly was like a gift from God: the saltiness of the grits balanced by the sweet maple gastrique; the soft tender pork belly enhanced by the crispy apple slices; and the brown color of the seared belly offset by the bright greens.  Truly a perfectly conceived dish.  Did I mention that it tasted AMAZING?The scallops were the only thing that didn't blow my mind.  They were good, just not out of this world.My main dish was hands down the best lamb dish I've ever had.  If you like lamb, get the lamb.  Again, perfectly balanced.  The lamb, smoked shoulder, mint, lamb bacon, and red onion marmalade could all be tasted in different combinations.  You could make every bite different and every bite equally amazing.  Perfectly cooked, perfectly executed, and beautiful to look at.Finally, there's a reason the chocolate-peanut-pretzel candy bar is at the top of their dessert menu.  This is not your kid's Snickers bar, THIS IS YUMMY TIME FOR ADULTS.  It all comes together and again, is perfectly balanced.  The cold sweet ice cream, the salty smooth peanut/preztel filling sitting on a thin dense brownie (acted almost like the crust).  Truly an incredible finish to an amazing meal.The service was outstanding and probably the most personable service I've ever had.  Our waiter Daniel was extremely courteous, informative, nice, and helped make our night one to remember.
5	First time here, loved it. We ate in the tavern, because we wanted something laid back. Drinks were cold and delicious with a great beer list and a huge selection of wine. Boy and I both ordered seafood dishes. He went with the sampler and I had the red grouper with mussels. Both dishes completely exceeded expectations. Highly recommend both, but boy liked mine more :). For dessert we split the lava cake and it was by far the best lava cake ever. It was served beautifully with a small scoop of hazelnut ice cream and small pieces of house made "crunch bars". It's a beautiful restaurant and I'm already looking forward to going back!
4	I had been to Eleven about a year ago and loved it so much that I had decided to take my boyfriend there for his birthday. The architecture has a cool, modern hip vibe that invites you to stay and hang around for awhile. And who wouldn't if you're seated facing the kitchen business. I love the fact that they have a stone oven in the basement so their bread is baked fresh. To top it off they have special bread peeps who have a nice array and some butter to accompany however while very tempting try to resist on having too many so that you can enjoy the rest of your meal.The last time I was at Eleven I had an entree but this time we both decided to go big and do the tasting with the wine pairings (ouchie on my wallet). Everything was going so well. The wine and food were delicious and the serving sizes weren't too big and I was able to finish all four portions though went into a food coma immediately after. I do recommend the tasting - perhaps to treat yourself or someone else, maybe for a special event however one thing does bother me about our service. There was already a dessert included with our tasting and before this course our waiter hands us the dessert menu and says that since we both were going to get the same thing we could try something else which we thought was a great idea. Neither of us ended up getting the tasting dessert and getting two on the menu - one was a flourless chocolate cake and the other a creme brulee. Great way to end the meal until I got our bill and there was an extra dollar for each of the desserts tacked on. I probably wouldn't be so sour if our waiter had mentioned this to us when handing over the dessert menus.
2	Being part of the bigburrito and having great experience in the past with their restaurants I went with high expectations to this one as well.  Entering the place increased my expectations since the interior was great (even though from the dining area you could see the whole kitchen which in general I find it not good - even though many people think it is good)! However, soon after we sat on the table the bad things came up.  First of all the service was slow.  Secondly the quality of the food that you expect from such a place is the best.  However, I really think that it was among the worst foods I ever had in Pittsburgh.  We tried simple plates (chicken and pasta) and not only they were nothing special but they were also badly cooked (e.g., extremely salty).  The waiter did not even ask if we wanted cheese on the pasta! The only good and tasty think was the bread (I am a bread-lover)!  Of course the place is overpriced.  The average price for the entree is about 30-32$ (however I would not rate it more than a 10$ plate).  In conclusion the only good thing about the place is its interior.  I do not think I will ever go back to this restaurant, unless if I have to (e.g., a business dinner/lunch etc.).
5	From the atmosphere and the service to the entrees and drinks, this restaurant was the perfect place to celebrate my anniversary. Our waiter was very attentive and knowledgeable on the menu items. I appreciate that he gave us an honest opinion when we asked for suggestions. We had the scallops and pork belly for an appetizer and the lamb and beef tenderloin for dinner. The scallops practically melted in your mouth (and just to note, I don't like seafood!) and the pork belly flavors complemented each other well. My tenderloin was cooked to a perfect medium rare and tasted amazing. I'm not a huge fan of lamb, but my husband devoured his dish and said it was the best tasting lamb he's ever had. My drink of choice was a glass of Cabernet and my hubby had a lemon drop martini. Their wine list is a little pricey for the common folk like me (my glass of wine was $16 and many of their bottles started around $80), but hey, it was my anniversary. Finally, we finished off our meal with their peanut butter pretzel dessert, which was out of this world good. If you're in any way a fan of peanut butter, you should definitely try this dessert!This was by far one of the best "special occasion" dinners I've ever had.  I certainly can't afford to go here every night (if only!), but I'll definitely be back!Quick note: For any girls out there wondering what to wear - I wore jeans and a nice top and my hubby wore jeans with a nice sweater and I didn't feel like we were out of place at all.
3	Came for dinner with a friend on a Friday evening at 7:30. The restaurant was not crowded. I do not like booth seating (I was seated on a chair, friend on the booth seating that stretched along the wall). The ambiance was nice, although the windows were so high it felt as if we were underground.The food was good, but not as impressive as I expected. The pork belly appetizer was the highlight of the evening.Attentive and friendly service.I would come here again.
5	I just got back from eating one of the prix fix's on the menu.  In this case it was the vegetarian chef's.  I am very full and very satisfied.  To start, reservations were simple, an online form with three questions.  I got a call same day to confirm the reservation, a nice touch.We were promptly greeted and shown to our table.  The ambiance is sort of renovated loft meats new Victorian with a nice lighting level.  The wait staff was great.  They were witty and had personality.  They were attentive without being overbearing.  Best wait staff I have seen for a while to be honest.The first course of the meal was a beet salad.  The course was well prepared and the beets were roasted, pureed, and etc in a very pleasing fashion.  The second course was a plate of porgies with a brown apple butter.   This was my least favorite course but was very well done as well.  The filling was well spiced and paired well with the savory sauce and the tart/sweet apples. The entree was a plate of roasted squash, root vegetables and croquettes.  They really let the vegetables speak for themselves in this course and I stuffed myself a bit too much by this point in time.The deserts were a well done Myer lemon pudding cake and a blood orange tart.  Both of which were a perfect balance between sweet and tart and were the perfect size.
3	It's ok. Nothing impressive. I had high expectations when I walked in. It's stylish and cute. Bread was cold. The raw oysters were great. I also had the fois gras appetizer and the beet salad. The beet salad was phenomenal. The meat part of the fois gras was cooked perfect but I believe would pair better with something else than the crunchy cracker and a few pomegranate seeds. The wait was extremely long between appetizers and main course with no explanation or apology. Unfortunately, that's what sticks out when I reflect on my dinner at Eleven.
4	This was our first visit to Pittsburgh so we were relying on Yelp to find us a good restuarant, which I must say it did. The Eleven is a terrific location with easy parking. The ambience is delightful, upscale cozy contemporary. The wait staff are wonderful and ours was passionate about food. The food was both interesting and delicious.  Our party of four, all oyster lovers, were very pleased with theirs.  We had two different entrees, the fish sampler which featured some kind of white fish that I cannot remember, salmon and crab cakes, the cakes being the best of the three; all crab, almost no breading,  with mild seasoning. We all agreed that the pasta with mushrooms and other delictable vegetables and perfectly sauced was better . The best part of the meal for me was the lava cake dessert. Though you can get this everywhere now, I have never had a better one. It was devine.  I would definitely return to this place.
3	Good but not great.  I enjoyed my meal but was not wowed.  Better than Salt, but when you consider the food for the cost not worth it.  If you enjoy trendy wine bar type places this would be a great hang out, the bar was packed and the wine options seemed endless.I do have to say the desserts looked outstanding; it took every ounce of willpower not to try them.
4	On a scale from 1-10 - this is an Eleven (well maybe an 8 :-)) We had some really good food here.    I had an opportunity to select a place for a group dinner (8).    I chose Eleven based on the reviews and the groups 'likes".     I am actually going to review two aspects of this place.The Bar Area - Happy Hour I really liked the bar area.    This is a very trendy place where they have plenty of seating and a more casual area tha looked very comfortable.    I could see myself meeting my folks just to sit around the bar.   The bartenders there were good mixologists.   The area was inviting and with good conversation that gave you the feeling you were at a party.Maybe this evening was different but I really liked it and give it a high mark (especially after I sampled some of the appetizers.The RestaurantWe were escorted upstaris when our table was ready.   I made our reservation on Open Table thru Yelp for 4:45 PM (after work dinner) - the restaurant had limited openings.    We were not rushed and was seated around 5:15 after several cocktails (see bar review above :-)).A couple of things you must be prepared for...   They have great appetizers but according to others in my group - they have great bread.    This place has servers walk around with large baskets of various types of bread.    Our poor bread guy visited our table so many times - I am surpised he just did not leave the basket.   I believe there 6-8 varieties.AppetizersReally good Oysters.     We had several appetizers but I remember the Oysters.   They were fresh and the sauces that accompanied were very good.   (We actually had 2 orders)Food:I ordered the duck wanting to do something different.    The duck was not greasy and cooked perfectly (I actually asked for the Chef to cook my meal to his recommendation to maximize the flavor)   It was accompanied with white bean medley.    It was awesome.Desert - I know chocolate lovers will go with the chocoloat - but the Lemon-Blueberry Cake is awesome...  It is light and great with coffee.  I highly recommend you save room :-)I give this restaurant high marks.    There was one issue that hurt the review a little.  Two individuals in my group ordered the same meals (steak) but at different temperatures (Med Well vs Med Rare) ...   Unfortunately - the mixed them up and this caused a delay because one took a bite into his meal.  (not really a big deal - it was handled very gracefully but we had a couple of folks waiting for food)Drinks - Around the $5-7 rangeAppetizers - $6-15 - YummyDinners - $25 average - YummyAll and all a good night.
3	Went last week to celebrate a birthday.  Service is great.  Very good atmosphere.  The price is not worth it.  It is pretty expensive for what you get.  Everyone liked their meal but just too high for the quality. Will not be back anytime soon.
5	Has to be a five because I am not sure how they could improve.  Atmosphere, service and food were outstanding.
4	Delicious Sunday brunch!  $25 pre fixe is worth it. Comes with appetizer, entree, and cocktail (bloody Mary, Bellini etc). The lamb with huevos rancheros was fantastic. But even better was the steak & eggs. The steak was cooked perfectly, with a deep fried poached egg on top!!!  That was a first...and after trying it, I'll be on the lookout for it at future restaurants. The restaurant atmosphere is very nice as well. Decor is modern, and staff is very friendly. All in all, the best food experience in Pittsburgh while in town for two days.
5	If you've read any of my other reviews, you'll know that I almost never give 5 stars to any restaurant.  I reserve that elite status for a dining experience that is perfect in every respect.  While I am happy to give a cheap but tasty bbq shack high marks as a great value, I judge expensive gourmet restaurants extremely harshly.  I expect to get a great deal more on every level in exchange for the increased price.With it's inventive and diverse menu that changes daily, upscale yet cozy atmosphere, friendly helpful service, generous portions and OUT OF THIS WORLD EXPERTLY PREPARED meals Eleven met and exceeded my sky high expectations.  My wife and I were particularly impressed with the lamb taco and chocolate peanut butter pretzel desert.  The bar menu is just as amazing as their daily rotating menu, and about 50% the price ($10-$15 for most items) since the fair is more casual.  My wife got the pastrami sandwich and I got the eleven burger.  Both portions were MASSIVE and we had to take home left overs (can't wait to have them for breakfast tomorrow!)  The eleven burger was one of the best I've EVER had with perfectly cooked and seasoned ground meat so light and tender I can only describe it as fluffy!I would come back here for a special celebration meal any chance I get.  It's not cheap, but it is a great value and will be getting alot of quality and quantity for your money.  Eleven, I will be seeing you again!
5	Been to eleven two times...both for brunch...the service is impeccable & the food...wow! The hubby got steak n eggs both times.  The steak was incredibly tender! I had the breakfast which consisted of waffles, egg, & pork belly...wow! For an app I got the duck hash...it was so terrific! And for dessert I got the lemon pudding cake - awesome! The hubby got the candy bar- of course there is a spin in a candy bar consisting of added yumminess.  He had the beignets for the app..very tasty - although the marmalade that came with them was just all right.  However we'll go back again!
4	One of the newer hip eateries in the downtown area.  Worth your time, there is an eclectic menu and most importantly they have flexible bartenders.  What else do you need?
5	Just want to add, I came back here for brunch and it somehow exceeded the amazing dinner I had here earlier.  Don't miss the bloody maria, a fiery spicy way to kick off your morning!
5	I felt like a pretty pretty princess after dinner here. Goat cheese divine. Oysters scrumptious. That goddamn fried egg salad took me over the edge. I haven't even gotten to the main course- the lamb so perfectly rare. This was one of my favorite meals out on the town in Pittsburgh and this is coming from someone that declares "white people food" to be bland and boring. Food was excellent and service the same. Someone take me back!
4	I'm in Pittsburgh for work, not pleasure, but that doesn't mean I'm not going to try to make the most of my time here -- that's for sure!From the moment I hopped in my cab at the airport I was asking about the local fare...what to have? what to avoid? can I walk around by myself at night without getting jumped?...the usual.  Seriously, though.  I knew getting a Philly cheese steak sandwich would be sacrilegious (even mentioning it here stirs up some intense Penn city rivalry), so that narrowed the options to something a bit fancier than a deli for my dinners.  Eleven came highly recommended by both Yelp and by the tourist service tent at the convention center.  I just finished my meal there about an hour ago and Yelp had gotten me pretty amped to check this place out in the first place.  Plus, eleven is my favorite number.  Maybe I over-hyped to myself, because I was a bit underwhelmed.  I'm going to give it a four based on the ambiance, the fact that they checked my coat for me, and the service (I sat in the lounge area to the left) was excellent.  I had two waiters to myself who kept peer pressuring me to get more drinks which was much appreciated by the beer-lover in me.  Atmosphere aside, though, I think the food could have been better.  Apps and drinks- Dog Fish Head brewery couldn't make a bad beer if they tried.  It's won a ton of awards and this time round I had the "Aprihop" IPA.  IPA lover or not, all beer drinkers (guzzlers?) will like this, as the bitter taste is well balanced by a really subtle sweetness.  Not a "girly" beer, though, so don't be fooled.  Paired with this I had the appetizer sea scallops (with fingerling potato, pearl onion, pancetta, sauce gribiche [mmm], and arugula).  The arugula (tender-wilted) and potatoes were cooked just right, but the scallops were more fishy than they were sweet and melt-in-your-mouth.  I appreciated the concept of it all, but considering it was the waiter's no. 1 recommendation, I think it fell short.  Also a bit pricey, but I knew what I was getting myself into.Main course- I had previously read about the "Jamison Farm Lamb" at Eleven, plus locals had told me that lamb was great out here, so that's what I did.  It was a complex dish with a lot of textures and ideas: Anson Mills polenta, fava beans, shitake mushrooms, grapes, garlic confit, olive jus.  The warm and tender grapes paired with the lamb (cooked medium for me) was a really great idea -- I've never had anything like it.  The roasted garlic confit was also really tasty and a smart addition.  The olives, though? Not a jus, but rather cooked kalamata halves.  They were harsh and over-powered the rest of the dish.  Plus, the lamb steak (which comes sliced nicely) was very meager for the high price.  The bed of polenta and the shitakes were good, but I expected that to be done correctly.  I just think the food didn't "WOW" me like I expected.  And for these reasons plus the higher-than-needed prices and too-dark eating area, Eleven could have been a "5" with its high level of swank and class.  I ended up experiencing a "4" (more like a "3.8" but who's counting).  Overall: check this place out for sure, just steer in a different direction than I did when making food choices.  Bottoms up, my friends!
5	I think Eleven must have been renovated from an abandoned warehouse. While the space itself is large, airy, and exposed, it's been redesigned to be very chic and trendy. Our larger party was escorted to the second level into one of the private rooms for our meal.As I oft do when somebody else is paying, I quickly gravitated towards the most expensive items on the menu. For this go around, it was the foie-gras appetizer, beef tenderloin (ok this was second most, but I love beets and horseradish). As can be reasonably expected with any foie gras dish, it represented completely over-the-top decadence, and I Ioved every bite of it. Melt in your mouth and the brioche had just enough crunch and texture to complement the rich treat. Tenderloin was also cooked to perfection and SO TENDER I wanted to cry (and probably did a little). I ordered the sorbet for dessert (since somewhere along the way I've convinced myself that eating sorbet is tantamount to a 3-4 mile job), but regretted not ordering the peanut-pretzel candy bar that my neighbors ordered. Next time!
4	I went there using the Big Burrito Birthday deal.  I've been there before I became veg, and I decided to go because I wanted to try the vegetarian tasting menu.We went there on Sunday after the Pens lost.  It was practically dead...maybe a little too dead.  We got drinks at the bar.  I had the mule...it was awesome.  Very good.  Talking with the bartender I mentioned that I liked Cucumber drinks, and during dinner he brought up a free cucumber Gin drink.  How awesome is that..We went up to our table.  I got the vegetarian tasting menu w/ the wine, and the boyfriend got the meat one.  He really liked his I think.  Here's my opinion on what they served;1st course;  Asparagaus Salad.  Good.  I've never eaten asparagus raw but all the flavors were really fresh.2nd Course;  Fried egg w/ greens.  AWESOME!  Yum...don't know how they cooked that egg but it was perfect.3rd Course:  Pasta w/ artichokes, tomatoes, and olives.  This was only part of the meal that I wasn't that impressed with.  It tasted very fresh and was good, but I felt like I oould have made it at home fairly easily.  It also wasn't the type of thing I normally would have ordered though.  This also wasn't what they had on the menu for the tasting which sounded better so I was kind of disappointed.4th Course:  Blood orange tart.  Good.   I also tried the boyfriend's chocolate peanut butter desert and it was awesome.  The wine went well with everything.  I thought the red they used for the third course was a little heavy though and they should have stuck with white.  Service was great.  They also put us in the curtained upstairs booth which was nice.This was the best dining experience I've had in Pittsburgh in a long time.  In particular the service which I find lacking a lot of places.    I'm only giving it 4 b/c I think they could have kicked it up a notch with the food a bit.
3	A well done restaurant and something different than the traditional faire.  First the bar, spectacular when it's warm out, great cocktails and enjoyable happy hour.  I find their wines by the glass robe a step above most Pittsburgh joints.On to dinner, the wine list is good but more over- priced than it should be. Cautious for the classic wine list bait and switch, "oh sorry out of the '08 but we have the '09." which is aggravating considering how much they pump their wine room.The food though was fantastic.  Seared foie gras was excellent paired with a chocolate bread which was a touch unbalanced but good flavor profile. The lamb was superb joined with roasted garlic and polenta with a cherry tomato aus jus.  The dessert was a lemon poppy seed cake with sorbet which for a dessert lover that shines away from overly sweet this was very refreshing.  The ice wine was good but a rip-off.Overall a very elegant meal and a good change of pace from the normal Pittsburgh restaurants we frequent.
4	I had only been in Pittsburgh for about 10 minutes and I NEEDED food. Being that the city is pretty busy with hockey fans trying to get dinner before the Winter Classic I had no idea where to even start to look for a place to eat. Google maps said that there was a place to eat within sight of my hotel lobby - that would work.Walking in it looked VERY upscale and it was too early for the dining room, but we could eat in the bar area. Given that we were already in hockey fan gear that was a more comfortable environment anyway.The food was perfect, very tasty soft pretzels and they had Blue Coat gin which I am always in search for.  The only reason that I could not give Eleven five stars is that once we had our food the service seemed to disappear.  While we wanted a casual meal we did have a only a short time before we had to head to the stadium. The delay in getting our check and getting on our way kind of tarnished the overall experience to that point. Maybe it was the fact that we were not for the home team.In the end I would eat there again if I was even in Pittsburgh.
5	This is the best restaurant I've eaten at in the Pittsburgh area so far.  The atmosphere is very trendy and the food was amazing.  The prices are on the high end but they seem appropriate for the type of restaurant that it is.  I had the lamb and it was prepared perfectly.
5	I'm going to have to say this is one of my favorite places to eat in the burgh. I am going to give it a 5 star chitty chitty bang bang rating. I had the seafood combo and it was delecticable. The chicken soup was out of this world. Service was quick and friendly. It definitely hit the spot on all notes. I will most certainly return.
2	This is a beautiful space. The food is not very good.  The waiter assured us that the kitchen perfectly cooked meat. My medium burger didn't have a trace of pink; my friend's medium steak was bloody. Then there were the pierogies, covered with caramelized onions, sweeter than any onions I have ever tasted, as sweet as corn syrup.  Yuk, yuk and yuk.  To top it off, the wait staff couldn't even keep my glass full.  It went empty and sat there at least twice.My friend is a 'foodie.' He paired the too-sweet pierogies with some prosciutto and declared, 'I get what they're trying to do.'  Maybe food can be art, but I don't want food that makes me think.  I want food that tastes good.  I don't think that's a lot to ask.
5	I thoroughly enjoyed the food and the ambiance. Well worth the price. The service is passable.
4	A weak 4 star, imo. Some dishes are excellent, while others are fairly ordinary. Given that it is a pricy restaurant (most entrees are around $30, most wine glasses are north of 12), this is a disappointment. There are several better, less expensive high-end restaurants in Pittsburgh, such as Spoon and Legume. I'll go to these, and I doubt I will be back at Eleven.The place is quite nice, high ceiling, comfortable tables, relaxed but elegant. I probably prefer the room there to the new space of Legume in Oakland. Many suit people, but not exclusively.Foodwise, this was definitely a mixed evening.- the lamb is delicious, a clear winner, 5 star. The medium rare meat is very tasty, the polenta provides a nice balance to some of the sweeter vegetables, e.g., onions. ($36)- tuna tartare was also very good, fresh and crisp. 5 star (12)- soft shell crab was pretty interesting: I enjoyed the light and slightly spicy sauce it was in. 4 star.- the pork was on the drier side - not remarkable. The slice was thin (whence the dryness), and the vegetables did not do much to highlight its tastes. 3 star- foie gras (in the tasting menu) was far from being the best I've had (but I am picky about that), the chocolate bar (basically, a "croquant") was on the heavier side. 3 star. Two of us had the tasting menu. The portions are smaller, so you don't feel stuffed by the end of the dinner. On the other hand, if I end up there again, I'll just go for the lamb, perhaps with an appetizer.I should also add that the menu is fairly conservative.
4	Returned here for dinner before the fiance's graduation the next day. We both went with the Chef's Tasting Menu.A lovely woman came around more than three or four times with the nightly selection of breads which included a honey wheat that was the only one worth noting.  Considering the fact that they make the bread I would have hoped to have something that was at least warmed up a bit. What we sampled: Foie Gras Torchon    sage waffle, apricot, Riesling, rhubarb      One of the best foie gras torchons I have ever had!  It was a huge portion though and the amount of waffle did not complement the size, but luckily it tasted wonderfully on the honey wheat bread. Soft Shell Crab in Dashi     I don't remember the other accompaniments, but I do know this was my least favorite dish.  The crab was fresh, but the broth made a nicely fried crab soggy. Elysian Fields Farm Lamb Loin Chop  Anson Mills polenta, fava beans, morels, grapes, garlic confit, olive jus       Oh my!  Out of control flavorful and the polenta was so good!  Chocolate Peanut Butter Crunch Bar peanut caramel, white chocolate crunch, chocolate mousse, milk chocolate ganache Lemon Pudding Cake coconut milk granite, jasmine tea syr up, blackber ry compote, macadamia nuts      They gave us the option to change the dessert and since I knew that two of the same desserts would mean half of the tastes we decided to get something refreshing and of course try the chocolate bar.  This was the best call they worked so well together rich and light playing off of each other!  They were also nice enough to add a piece of chocolate with congratulations piped on it for the graduating man!Overall the service was efficient and helpful (changing up a menu item to satisfy a pescatarian).  I thought that the price without the wine pairings was reasonable for what we received though I don't know when I would be back for dinner since I am obsessed with the bread basket at brunch.
4	A very lovely experience. My boyfriend and I stumbled upon the place after walking through Pittsburgh for the day...sweaty and disgusting, we did feel a little out of place for the ambience.Both being industry professionals, we were very pleased with the experience. Upon arrival, we asked if we could sit outside. The hosts were very accomodating and led us up to a private balcony overlooking the river. The breeze was delightful. The wine list was impressive and the cellar overlooks the restaurant. Very nice.We opted to eat off both the bar menu and regular menu, creating our own tasting. We started with the housemade soft pretzels with beer-cheese fondue: Light and fluffy, not greasy. Maybe saying that these pretzels are better than the Philly Pretzel Factory is pushing it, but delicious nonetheless. My boyfriend had the foie, which had a chocolate cherry tart and strawberries. Borderline desert/savory: very interesting.Second course: Strawberry gazpacho. Light, refreshing, delicate, tart. slivered cucumbers. Everything I could have asked for in a strawberry gazpacho. We also had  the soft shell crab sandwhich, which was good, but wished the buffalo sauce was an innovative as the rest of the meal.Overall, good food, service and ambience. If we're ever in Pittsburgh, we'll be back and definitely reccomend it to our friends.
5	I went to Eleven tonight with a group of nine friends to celebrate a buddy's birthday. One of the most pleasing things about Eleven is the leisurely pace of your meal. You are given ample time to survey the menu and the wine list, chat with your party, and of course, to enjoy your meal. To me, this is something that sets Eleven apart as an experience to look forward to. My friends weren't in much of an adventurous mood, so we ordered pretzels and pierogies off of the bar menu for appetizers. The potato and cheese pierogi was tasty, but the pretzel was truly a treat- a salty, tasty gem that is unlike other pretzels you'd come across on similar bar menus. The cheese dip also had a unique, welcome tang to it.For dinner, I went with roasted chicken served with sauteed Swiss chard and risotto. The chicken was delicious. The skin was crisped perfectly, and the chicken was quite moist. I'm not a huge fan of greens, but the Swiss chard was all right as a complement to the chicken and the creamy risotto. A little more sauce with the dish would have been nice, but overall, the dish was a winner.My girlfriend and I shared a molten chocolate cake for dessert. The cake was rich and moist, but it was surpassed by the hazelnut ice cream and crisp chocolate wafers it came with. Next time, I will probably skip the cake and just go for the ice cream and chocolate wafers. Dessert was worth it for the crisp chocolate wafers alone (think a Nestle Crunch bar except about five times better).Eleven is an outstanding place to celebrate a special occasion. The food and service are both excellent. A waiter or someone with an awesome bread basket never seem to be all that far away. Sooner or later, I will return. Hopefully, they'll have some more comfortable chairs upstairs by then...
4	Food and service were very good.  We shared three appetizers and split a strip steak.  The food was prepared well and the service was very good.
4	***Eleven's food is not exceptionally creative or original, but the food here is good, fresh and reasonably priced for an upscale lunch***Eleven is part of the Big Burrito group, which has many notable restaurants in Pittsburgh.  This one is an upscale spot next to the John Heinz History Center.  The restaurant has a nice contemporary decor.  There is a slightly open kitchen.  The main dining room makes a good use of green and there is comfortable seating along with white tablecloth.  The room also has high ceilings.  In some ways, the room reminds me a little of a cross between Tavern and Lucques (though Eleven lacks the inside-and-outside like atmosphere of Tavern).Eleven's lunch menu is very inviting.  There is a great collection of starters--some nice sounding salads but also scallops and crab cakes.  Their entree section features a mix of gourmet sandwiches and burgers as well as plates with proteins like lamb and fish.The bread at Eleven was standard stuff--not much of a crust, not much of a chew and even a little bit dry.My starter was good.  I had the seared scallops, which were garnished with fingerling potatoes, pearl onions, spinach, sorrel, and sauce gribiche.  It was a very generous portion for a lunch starter.  I thought it was good.  Everything tasted fine and a lot of the ingredients were good.The scallops were nicely seasoned and had a good outside crust.  They were tender, but the scallops lacked the moistness of the scallops at Lola.  I liked the pearl onions and I thought the sauce gribiche was briny, sour and good.  I also liked the spinach.The fingerling potatoes were too big.  They were not bland and definitely not raw, but the insides of the potatoes were not as tender as they should have been (4 stars for this dish).For my entree, I had the Elysian Fields Farm lamb t-bones with a salad of radicchio, arugula, endive, fingerling potatoes, and idiazabal cheese.  Elysian Fields Farm is a great producer of lamb (the farm is located just an hour outside of Pittsburgh).  I once had their lamb at Sona and it was exceptional there (they also provide lamb to The French Laundry).The lamb here was good.  The lamb was like little porterhouse steaks.  There was a New York strip part that was flavorful and juicy but also with a chew and less tender texture than the filet mignon-like portion, which was very tender.There were two t-bones and they were a tad uneven.  One was seasoned a little too heavily while the other was not as juicy as I wanted.  Still, the lamb t-bones were flavorful and good.The salad was a very bitter salad with the radicchio, arugula and fennel.  I did not mind the bitterness, but I think some would.  I liked the cheese and they did a better job with the fingerling potatoes here, which were sliced and tender (3 stars for this entree).For dessert, I had the chocolate-peanut pretzel candy bar, which was surprisingly  good.  The base of the candy bar was a decent though not great brownie.  There was a very good and creamy peanut butter mousse as well as a thin layer of a dark chocolate bar.  There was a decent chocolate ice cream on top as well as peanut brittle and very good pretzel nuggets that were topped with smooth melted chocolate.There was also a caramel sauce.  The dessert tasted pretty good and while there were a lot of sweet and rich elements, the dessert did not get too rich or too sweet (4 stars for this dessert).The meal ended with a coconut macaroon, which was mediocre and dry.Service was good.  My server was pleasant, personable, polite, and attentive.  The food came out at a good pace.Prices were about what you would expect to pay for an upscale lunch.  When considering the many high quality and premium ingredients used, this lunch at Eleven was probably a little less expensive than equivalent places in LA.I liked my lunch at Eleven.  While the food was not exceptional, my starter, entree and dessert were all at the very least good.  The food was not really creative or exciting enough to make me want to come back, but I think this is a good option for an upscale lunch in Pittsburgh (they had a pretty good lunch crowd on the day I went).There are several metered spots along Smallman Street.  There is also a paid lot for the Heinz History Center, which is $5 per day.
3	This is a stellar place for happy hour - their Eleven Mules is one of the best cocktails I've ever had.Unfortunately, their dinner isn't as great.  I was intrigued by their vegetarian tasting menu, but it fell flat, along with their regular tasting menu and a la carte dishes.I came here with my husband and two other Pittsburgh family members that we see a few times a year.  The tasting menus (vegetarian and regular) were blah.  Good but not great, and definitely not worth the price.  The a la carte choices were more well received, but probably because they were less expensive.  When our check came, we were definitely not impressed.  We could have had a much better meal for our money.  BIg Burrito - this is an embarrassment for you!
5	Did the Chef's Tasting Menu. Great dining experience. Grilled Swordfish with hot Italian sausage, mussels, and cous cous was one of the best things I have ever eaten. Cool ambience and great service. Top Notch.
4	Had the seafood trio and the clams.  I wasn't sure at first about the clams, but as they cooled, they had great flavor.  Was very pleased with the seafood trio. Cool Atmosphere!
5	Why have I never eaten here before? The Big Burrito family is one I'd like to hang out with on holidays and reunions. A friend and I brunched at Eleven on a lovely Sunday. The patio was fabulous and our service was quite attentive. The Brunch Prix Fixe was a pretty good deal ($25 for an app, entree, and cocktail); I may not need to eat for the rest of the day. I had the cheese to start; a hearty portion of 3 different options, and then finished with the lamb huevos rancheros. Holy flavors - and ample serving of lamb. Everything was incredible. I also was able to sample the beignets and yes; they were good too! I would like one of these in Chicago. ASAP. Please and thank you.
2	I was so excited to try Eleven as this is the only restaurant in the Big Burrito group that I haven't tried. Unfortunately, the experience wasn't nearly all that it is made out to be. First of all, sitting upstairs is an entirely different experience from sitting downstairs. It's so much prettier and more regal to sit downstairs (we were upstairs and it almost felt like a bar setting). Second of all, the service was absolutely terrible. When I wanted more bread, I had to ask at least 3 times. We waited over an hour between our appetizers and entrees. We were all starving and our food and waiter were no where to be found. Although we enjoyed the conversation among our table, it was a bit ridiculous that our meal (not a tasting menu) lasted 2.5+ hours (and most of the time we spent ravenous waiting four our food). The food itself was good, but not spectacular. The lamb taco was lacking flavor. The sword fish was very good, but there were two tiny pieces of sausage in the entire dish. The seafood platter was good, but the center of my scallop was cold and the salmon had an extremely strong flavor. The crab cake was delicious and was basically pure crab meat with no filler. One of my dining partners got the chicken dish and one got the lamb chop - both said they were only "okay." The desserts were fairly good (we tried the peach cannoli, a peach dish with blueberry ice cream, and a chocolate dessert). When we wanted the check, our waiter was no where to be found. We looked over downstairs and he was shmoozing on the floor below. Overall, it was a mediocre experience. I much prefer the other Big Burrito restaurants, which is unfortunate because I was so excited for my experience at Eleven. However, my fellow dining partners said that this visit was unlike any they had had before, so maybe it was just an off night.
4	My friend got drunk on his birthday and kept repeating "I want lobster!" over and over, so the next day I decided to take him out for a lobster lunch. I couldn't bring myself to go to Red Lobster so we came here.Since Eleven was the only Big Burrito restaurant I hadn't tried, I was pretty pumped. We came with one of our friends who was coincidentally celebrating a new job, and were so overtaken by the sheer classiness of the establishment (the lounge area is baller) that we had no choice but to go all out. No mind that we looked extremely out of context in our ultra-casual attire and I'm pretty sure some suit lunchers may have thought my boys were serial killers--we were here to be fancy, goddamnit! Martinis, bloody marys, a round of oysters, tuna tartare, and goat cheese ravioli to start. The tuna tartare was topped with anchovies and caviar and had a nice lemonyness--probably the best tuna tartare I've ever had, though I'd like more caviar (I'd always like more caviar, duh). Ravioli were a bit dry, but tasty nonetheless.After apps, I got a BLT. My friends got a chicken sandwich and a veal burger (yeahhh...the lobster didn't even happen). The BLT was pretty good with a juicy green heirloom, thick crunchy bacon, and a bright aioli. But I kinda make a better one at home, and I wasn't a big fan of the accompanying fries (too thick and soft for me). My friends said their sandwiches were amaze and they looked it.The bill for me and the birthday boy (2 drinks, 2 apps, 6 oysters, and 2 sandwiches) came to $81 pre-tip. Which for a lunch is, in a word, exorbitant. While the food was really, really good, I would personally put it toward the bottom of Big Burrito's offerings. I prefer Soba and Kaya, which are both more affordable, and if I'm gonna spend the big bucks, I'd rather go to Uni. At the same time, I don't think it would be fair to give it any less than 4 stars just because BBG has raised the bar so high, and I liked it enough that I'd visit again for dinner.Update: I came back for brunch, and it passed the test! Total steal at $25 for a cocktail, appetizer, entree, and basket of pastries. And ridiculously huge portions (the flatbread was so filling, I literally had two bites of my cavatelli and had to eat the rest for dinner that night). Again, it still doesn't beat my favorite Big Burrito brunch (that would be Casbah), but I'm still a fan.
3	The occasion: Casual Sunday Dinner at the bar.The order: 1 leleven-aid, 1 classic martini, tuna tar tar, lamb chops, peach poundcake / berry ice creamNote the statements i'm about to make do NOT include Mad Mex.I've been to Eleven a few times. The cause this time was a birthday gift card via big burrito. There's no need to criticize the food, what you order is going to be good. Not great, but it will be good every time. With all the big burrito resturants the same problem exists. They are over priced. My lamb chop was $38, while $26 would be acceptable, mind you "acceptable." Bottom line is if you're looking to over pay for a good meal, great service, and a relaxed yet sophisticated atmosphere go to Eleven.
5	What a great place for my beau and I to spend our 3rd anniversary together! We came here (upon months of my insistence) for a lovely Sunday brunch and boy, was it everything I had hoped for and more! We both got the prix fixe at $25 each, which really ended up being a decent deal considering it included an appetizer, entree, and brunch cocktail. I wound up with the White Sangria, a refreshingly light concoction of chardonnay/plum wines, cucumber, fruit, and rum. Absolutely amazing in the heat of summer! The mimosa was also quite good, but fairly basic.My appetizer of choice brought me back dahn south! I ordered the beignets, tenderly topped with rose and blueberries. The presentation and idea were perfect, but I felt it could have been just a bit more flavorful. The boyfriend got the grilled sticky, sans bacon (for us plant-eaters here), which ended up being amazing. I'm sure it would have been just as good without our minor change, since sweet + salty = tastebud heaven.And the entree - mine the Eggs Benedict and my boyfriend's the Ratatouille and Goat Cheese Omelet. Both were deeeelicious. The Eggs Benedict was lightly drizzled with black truffle atop an english muffin with a side salad of sliced mandarin oranges and mint. While my dish was fairly simple, it was just so perfect and satiating! No crazy frills here - just a well-done entree. I had a taste of the omelet as well, which was equally as good. The mildness of the vegetables was offset by the rich and sour goat cheese, which acted as a perfect complement. I also couldn't stop stealing fingerling potatoes from my dining partner's plate! (Yes, there was a "potato tax" of 3 pieces every time he left for the bathroom or turned around.)All in all, a great place! Service was professional and polite and the venue itself was light-filled and spacious. I can't wait to go back again!
5	I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet. The first few months after I moved up here, my boyfriend and I were regulars in their bar. Once a week we would hit the bar, try out a few drinks, and order a crap ton of appetizers.Before I discovered Meat & Potatoes wonderfulness, Eleven was my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. Their bartenders are awesome and the food is just to die for. It is so. damn. good. Based on last summer season's menu, we had tried every appetizer they have and a few entrees. I am just a big fan of samples lol so I love ordering a bunch of different apps. Out of all of Big Burrito's restaurants I think Eleven is the best (though I have not eaten at Umi - yet). They make the best cucumber martini my boyfriend said he's ever had. And their Leven-ade is super delicious. For food, you HAVE to try the roasted chicken entree if you have not yet. It makes me want to hug my own face, it's so good. The skin is crispy, the meat is juicy and tender, and the risotto once was really good. The other time it was crunchy.When it's a nice day and they have the big windows open - omg, do I love it. We used to hang out there for hours. We haven't been back recently, but something tells me the food is still spot on.
5	I brought my boyfriend here for his birthday. I reserved the Chef's Table, which means the chef prepared a 9-course meal customized for us based on our like/dislikes, and we sat next to the kitchen so that he could present each of the dishes to us. We also had each dish paired with wine.I did not give them a whole lot to work with during the interview. I told them that we eat a lot of seafood, but also enjoy vegetarian dishes as well as red meat dishes (so essentially I was saying we eat everything). I said that I strongly dislike bananas (which might sound weird, but I really cannot stand the taste/smell/texture of them).  I also said that we are willing to try anything once, and the chef should just have some fun and bring out some of his favorite dishes. I have always been impressed with the food here, but this time in particular I was blown away.We started by taking advantage of their gin selection and ordered some gin and tonics. We later realized this was unnecessary and that there would be more than enough wine to go around, but we didn't realize how generously poured their pairings would be.The nine courses included oysters, scallops, halibut, oxtail, fois gras, lamb, and 2 desserts. Each of the dishes came with some unique toppings that were combined to create some sensation flavor pairings. For example, the scallops (my favorite dish) were served with heirloom tomatoes, lardo (cured strips of pork fat), and tarragon, all over smoked corn grits. The foie gras (my boyfriend's favorite) was served over zucchini bread with fig, blackberry, and red wine vinegar. I could have never dreamed up these combinations, but I am so glad that our chef could!The meal was not cheap, but it was well-worth the price and was a great way to celebrate the special occasion.
5	This is at the end of the strip, closer to the David Lawrence Convention Center. We went here for my birthday and took advantage of the big burrito group coupon. We were greated by friendly staff and I love the decor of the restaurant. They serve delicious bread when you sit down and continue to come back to see if you want more. The waitstaff and busers were very attentive and non-intrusive. As an appetizer, we had smoked elysian fields farm lamb tacos  ($10) and goat cheese agnolotti ($9) which were both delightful. For dinner, I ordered the seafood tasting ($36) - salmon, crab cake and sea scallops which was plenty of food. My husband ordered the halibut which was really good but is now off the menu, To end the meal we finished with the cannoli  ($8) which was more amazing that I can even describe. It appears on the menu that they changed it based on the season but I would go with whatever they recommend.
4	My colleague and I ordered the tuna tartare as an appetizer. Light, subtle, yet substantive. The show-stealer for me was my seafood tasting entree, which included the best salmon I've ever had at a restaurant (more rare than medium rare the way I like it), tender bay scallops, and crispy-edged but meaty crab cakes. I enjoyed my sparkling blueberry mojito and the dessert, peach cannoli. While it was good, probably wasn't the best dessert on the menu. Definitely a dressy, more formal place with attentive service.
2	Overpriced w/ very average food. Past it's prime.
3	Here's the thing:  the quality of the food at Eleven is really good but I just don't like the menu.   As a result, they are only getting 3 stars instead of 4.  I'd also like to add that this is based on lunch only.  I've never ventured here for dinner.Let's start with what I love: their Riesling, the soup specials, and the sample cookie that comes with the bill (and well their desserts, in general).   I happen to love a creamy, pureed soup.  The fewer chunks in my soup, the better.  And they have some tasty pureed soups.   They do change them fairly frequently and last fall, they had a butternut squash soup that was excellent.   Also, with your bill, they always bring you out a mini-cookie.   I love this.   I get a sweet without feeling overly indulgent.  That's not to say that I haven't sampled their chocolate-peanut-pretzel candy bar, which is awesome.What I don't love is the entrees on the lunch menu.  Since I don't eat any red meat, my sandwich options here are limited.  I hear they have one of the best burgers in Pgh but not my cup of tea.   The lobster roll is good but not great and I'd say the same with the crab cake.  Some of the lunch meals seem so large and heavy and I just wish they would offer a lighter vegetarian fare.   Would a gourmet grill cheese be out of the question?!  I'm perfectly content to order the soup and the three greens salad when going here but sometimes that just gets old.   More options, please!
4	We ate the tasting menu with the wine pairing.  This was a fun, good way to go.  You are allowed to switch out wine and dishes, which was great.  I switched out the Gerwertraminer for another wine that paired with the scallops, it was much better!  Our waiter was not in a great mood that night so he wasn't much fun and I believe what gives a rating 5 stars is service!!  The atmosphere and interior of the restaurant was cool!!
4	I came to Eleven for brunch today after it was recommended by both a co worker who lives in the area and a friend who is frequently in Pittsburgh for work.  I arrived around noon on Sunday and chose to sit in the lounge area as I was dining solo while out of town for work.  They have a great brunch deal - any appetizer, main course and cocktail from their menu all for $25.  This also came with a complimentary bread basket which was a nice touch.I decided on the bloody mary for my drink - now, I am normally a fan of some spice in my bloody mary's, but this was too much for even me!  I really enjoyed the muffin in the bread basket, and decided on the beignets for my app and eggs benedict for my main.  The beignets were very fresh and hot and the eggs benny was pretty good - I have had better and I found the ham/bacon on the bottom to be a little salty and was a little strong tasting.This restaurant has great atmosphere and service though.  If I am in Pittsburgh again I will definitely put it on my list for a dinner place.  Also, I think that it is normally pretty pricey for dinner, so I really recommend it to anyone as an upscale brunch spot but without the price tag.
5	i've been to eleven twice, and i can't believe it took me this long to get there. i work under big burrito so i've heard plenty of good things about this place but never made an effort to go... now i know, i was wrong.my first visit, i ordered the lamb dish. absolutely amazing. i'm not a huge fan of polenta or mushrooms, which both came on the dish, but i gobbled those up as well, not a single complaint. i also got the creme brulee which was quite good.my second visit, my friends and i split the meat and cheese plate - some interesting choices, but all and all very good. i ordered the eleven burger with goat cheese which was very good. and i asked for a side of ranch with my fries (wasn't sure if they'd have it or not, since it's fine dining, but couldn't hurt to ask right?). here's the kicker, they don't have it, so the kitchen whipped up their own. i was grateful and impressed, it was really really good. we finished the meal with the chocolate-pretzel candy bar dessert. a little rich for my taste, but still pretty good. anyone who loves rich chocolate and peanut butter would love this dessert.another really cool aspect about dining at eleven is that you get bread with your meal, but you get to choose which kind you'd like. the server comes over with a basket with 2-3 choices, and you choose your slice (or slices) and they return throughout the meal.i haven't had a server i didn't like yet, and seth, on the managing staff, explained our dishes and drinks for us.now, i do have to mention how pricey eleven is. it's fine dining, and the bill proves it. but let me tell you, it's worth it. not only is the food amazing, but you do get good portions as well. trust me, spend the money, and you will not be disappointed.
5	Fantastic again. Love the elegant yet casual atmosphere.  Here is to you, Eleven, for great service and food!  Wait staff was so good, quiet, removed plates after each course and replace your utensils with each course.  Refilled your water after each course with ice cold water but without ice, a nice touch.  The food and preparation was perfect.  Had seafood that was perfectly prepared and tasted fantastic.   This is the type of restaurant you love to go to to have a memorable meal.
5	Great choice! Excellent wine list and great food!
3	Tasty food. Great Atmosphere. Small menu. Creepy Staff.
4	Had a really nice meal here on a recent visit to Pittsburgh. The swordfish entree was very different but very good. The restaurant is very cool in its architecture and its staff is tip-top. The only problem is the bar which is very loud if you are sitting right above it. I would recommend telling them when you make a reservation that you prefer to be away from the bar.
4	Decor: Almost deserves two stars alone for beautiful vaulted ceilings and the fireplace. It is 11,000 square feet... Get it....Eleven.Food: No complaints, solid food very nicely plated and prepared.Service: Professional waiter. Coat check was polite and swift.  Value: Price was actually really fair for what you get. This is an upscale restaurant that warrants visiting more than once.Extra: I was happy with the valet, the coat check, the hostess, the server, and the food. Now with that being said it was not any more amazing than other restaurants of this caliber. I should probably give it five stars, but Eleven does not have "the its the most amazing restaurant of its kind" vibe.
4	Beautiful and elegant, Sorry to see the much mentioned lamb not on the menu. Loved the Prime lion steak perfectly cooked and with an interesting salad and everyone loves tater tots. Great and perfectly cooked scallops appetizer. The space is amazing and I can't imagine how wonderful it would be on a spring day with the windows up.
5	In my opinion, this is the best restaurant in Pittsburgh.  The atmosphere is romantic and refined, yet seems to be casual at the same time.  The lamb tacos are to die for and the seasonal desert is always heaven.  As far as entrees are concerned, I like the chicken and the fish.  The service is nothing short of spectacular and the wine list is extensive.  While i prefer to eat in the main dining area, the bar area is nice for a very casual (i.e., jeans and heels) kind of night.
5	I ate at Eleven twice on my most recent trip to Pittsburgh.  The first time - I tried the butternut squash bisque and the scallops - both were very good.  It was what I needed after OD'ing on carbs at Primanti's.On my second trip, I went with the lamb taco - normally I am not a fan of lamb - but the fact that it was pulled/shredded intrigued me.  So glad I got it because that has to be one of the best most unique dishes I have had in a awhile.  I love that the ingredients they list are easy to identify - lamb, goat cheese, tomatillo sauce - those flavors work well together.  The shell did not wrap around the taco - it was more on the bottom so I used a fork and knife to eat the taco.  I was craving another one but instead I decided to try dessert.I asked the bartender for some recommendations and ended up getting the tangerine pudding cake - it was platted with a light blackberry sauce and toasted macamedias and had shaved ice cream on top - yummers!  I never would have imagined that coming together - but it was delicious.  The tangerine was sweet and mild - the blackberry was slightly more dominant in flavor.  The pudding cake had a flan like bottom and the shaved ice cream on top made it chill.Eleven has a killer happy hour - 4-6pm which offers a solid selection of wines, mixed drinks, and appies at very reasonable prices. A Super Tuscan at $6 at the end of a work day makes for the start of a very happy evening.The offering of starters, a tavern menu, a fine dining, and tasting menu - makes this place appealling for all sorts of occassions.  I also like that they have valet for $5 - I was driving around earlier and it seems like so many places did not have valet and were charging $10-$15 in downtown for evening parking.The only thing I was not crazy about are the bar chairs - I felt like I was eating at a distance from the bar.
5	Outatanding.   Lump crab cales were all crab.  Loves the oysters.  Had swordfish and tasted Sea Bass and all was perfectly done and presentation wonderful.  Just delicious
5	Eleven is one of my favorite restaurants in pittsburgh.This restaurant exudes casual elegance without giving you that desperate "You are eating in a fine dining establishment!" feeling.  I dont really know what that means either, but you'll understand if you have been there.It's beautiful inside, but its also comfortable and welcoming.You will need a reservation to dine at Eleven, and once you are there you will want to wait in the bar area and have a cocktail if you are able to.  The mixed drinks are all excellent.Don't dine here if you are in a hurry!  Eating at Eleven is an experience and your dinner will probably take about an hour and a half.One of my favorite things about Eleven is their bread basket, I believe they make the bread in house.I highly recommend the beet salad and the Seafood Tasting.  It's incredible.  The food there is consistently fantastic.  I sound like a desperate girl describing all the things she likes about her crush.  I have a crush on Eleven.  I'm not ashamed.There is only one menu item I wouldn't avoid again, and that was the steak.  It was over $40 and it was good, but my mind was not blown.  You can get a steak anywhere, order something else.Eleven is not one of those restaurants that will leave both you and your wallet starving.  I never have room to order the desserts but they look fantastic.This is a perfect restaurant to take a date, a business client, your parents from out of town, or to just have dinner w/ your friends.This restaurant is good if you have a large party--call ahead and see if you can't reserve one of the dinings rooms.  My friend had her birthday party there and we had excellent service in the dining room.If you consider yourself a foodie, and you're from PIttsburgh and have not been to Eleven yet you need to realize that this is an Epic Fail, and make reservations for Eleven NOW.
3	I've done the vegetarian tasting menu twice now. My first experience (over a year ago) seemed elegant, with proper service and a no-trouble attitude about veganizing the tasting menu; the food was solidly "good," but not memorable. The second time (recently), it was a bit more difficult to squeeze the vegan knowledge and ability out of the staff, even though I did call ahead to ask if a vegan diet could be accommodated when I made my reservation. Our server seemed casual and inexperienced, though friendly and he did eventually come through with the information I needed to decide on my meal options. Again, the food was just "good." I do realize that Eleven is considered one of Pittsburgh's finest restaurants and if I were weighing it against Pittsburgh establishments alone, I might add a star. But I feel that its reputation brings it into the major league, allowing me to unapologetically compare it to the world beyond Steelers Country. The distinguishing features of Eleven, I think, are in the breads (try them all, best breads in the city!) and and wine pairings, which I believe are very well done. I've also attended a happy hour here, and I thought the cocktails tasted expertly crafted. You might also say that the architecture of the building is remarkable.
3	This is a great Pittsburgh spot if you are forced to eat out in Pittsburgh. They carry my favorite Canadian ice wine which, to date, I have never been able to find on any menu in this Midwestern city. Although, there have been two occasions when I tried to order it and they informed me that they were out of stock. Very lame, very Pittsburgh. Not a lot of vegan options, but the chef is always willing to make something if you let him know. I love the seats outside in the front because my puppy is usually with me (and hungry!) For my omnivorous friends who have never been here, I usually recommend the new york strip steak with pierogies...very Pittsburgh-esque. Overall, a decent place to eat if you're in Pittsburgh.
3	Good, but overpriced.  Delicious seafood sampler, and my husband had the lamb which he also said was good, but not amazing.  I don't think we would go back without a coupon.
5	Really amazing food, excellent service, knowledgeable well trained staff, creative chef.  There is a lot of attention to detail at Eleven, all the way from the food preparation to the delivery.  The staff is thoughtful and well trained.  The food is delicious.  Don't forget Eleven has a great brunch menu, too.  Yes, the prices are expensive, but this restaurant is a great choice for a special occasion.
3	I recently went for the Valentine's Day dinner tasting. I did the vegetarian tasting while my husband did the regular tasting. All dishes for both of us were average. Nothing wow. Service was very attentive. Beautiful ambience. Great wine/drink selection. Other than that, nothing blew me away. My recent dinner at Luma in Mt. Lebanon was light years better and half the price ($85 vs. $200, not that I have any problem at all dropping a pretty penny on a meal). I've been to almost every restaurant on Pittsburgh Magazine's "Top 25 Restaurants" list for 2012. I'm sure it made the list for a reason, I just didn't see it. I might try going back again to try something other than a tasting, but not before I explore some other restaurants I have on my short list.
5	One of the top must try restaurants of Pittsburgh.I have been to Eleven twice. The first time was last summer for a small Yelp Happy Hour. During this visit I tried the famous Eleven Burger (braised veal, bacon, onions, fries with your choice of white cheddar, Maytag Blue or goat cheese) I got it with everything on it and white cheddar. It was delicious! The fries that came with it were very tasty as well. I also had a few Leven-ades (orange vodka, homemade lemonade and raspberries). On the second visit I took my wife for lunch for her birthday. I had previously made reservations though the Open Table app and let them know it was her birthday. She had the Lobster Roll and I had the Hanger Steak & Fries. She loved it! I did steal a bite of it and it was one of the best I had ever tasted. The lobster was fresh and tasted like it was just caught that day. My Hanger Steak was very good also.After we finished she was presented with their chocolate, peanut, pretzel candy bar. (brownie, peanut butter mousse, peanut brittle, pretzel and milk chocolate ice cream) It even had a piece of chocolate on top that said Happy Birthday! It was one of the best desserts I have ever had and is worth every penny! Not to be missed!Service was wonderful as well. Needless to say, when we left we were stuffed.
5	Three years ago, I moved to Pittsburgh and my friend took me to this nice restaurant for lunch to prove to me that Pittsburgh wasn't that bad. Since then it became ofne of my favorite fine dining places in Pittsburgh. The food was really delicious and I could tell that the chef was an extremely talented chef! The service was outstanding, and the atmosphere was pretty cool and not too formal.
4	Eleven was very good I must say, but nothing I had was '5 star' amazing. I'll say 4.5 stars.Let's start with the appetizers. I had the scallops and my girlfriend had the ricotta cavatelli. Both were great, my scallops were wrapped in crispy potatoes and came in a bowl over some ham and bean stew. The stew may have been the best thing we had all night! Shame there were only a few spoonfuls. The cavatelli was also good and was served with roasted red peppers and fresh ricotta and lemon. The lemon was a bit overpowering with the red peppers for my taste, but my girlfriend enjoyed it, and when she's happy I'm happy!I forgot to mention the bread - they brought around a sampling of breads including sea salt foccacia, semolina, and a raisin bread. All were good, the foccacia was our favorite.For our main courses I had the pork chop while my girlfriend had the Gnocchi. Both were great. The pork chop was huge! It came with a small bit of apple sauce that was delectable when combined with a bite of pork. The Gnocchi had all sorts of good stuff in it including brussel sprout leaves crispy prosciutto and parsnips. We somehow ate everything!It was my girlfriend's birthday so we decided to get dessert. I got the tiramisu cannoli and she got the chocolate-peanut-pretzel candy bar. They were ok, we were so full from dinner it was hard to eat everything. There was part of of her 'candy bar' that was a house made 'crunch' bar with milk chocolate and crispy something (rice?). I was fascinated with that I tried to get the waiter to tell me how to make it! Overall I give Eleven four and a half stars, it seemed a bit pricey for what we got, but I'm not complaining. All the food was delicious and the wait staff were very knowledgeable about the menu and wine list. I now compare every restaurant to 'Salt of the Earth' because the meal I had there is the best I've had in Pittsburgh, so if Salt is 5 stars, this must fall underneath that. I wish there was an option for 4.5 stars but alas there isn't, or maybe I'm just incompetent at yelping. Give Eleven a try! I think next time I go there will be for lunch so I can get my hands on that delicious looking 'Eleven Burger'
5	Pricy, but well worth it. They have an extensive wine selection, fantastic service, and wonderful food. We started with a scallop appetizer (cooked to perfection) and another which I don't recall because I didn't eat it (mum enjoyed it though). I ordered sea bass with polenta and greens, which was heavenly. Mum ordered some sort of beef dish (also great, according to her), and my S.O. ordered a chicken dish (nothing to rave over). We ordered two desserts, one was the tangerine pudding cake (possibly the greatest dessert I have ever had, it was so lightly yet perfectly flavored, and the texture was something else), the other was apple pie with hickory nut ice cream (five stars as well). I would go again just for the desserts. My only complaint is how dark the place was, I like to be able to see the menu and my tablemates.
4	Eleven has a very nice happy hour from 4:00-6:00 with an assortment of interesting beverages and appetizers for $6.  Our large group tried the charcuterie platter, tuna tartare, pretzels, and oysters.  All were excellent (house made duck prosciutto a favorite) but the pretzels seemed to be deep-fried more like funnel cakes than a traditional pretzel.  The bar area is light and open and provided a nice view of the neighboring strip district.  The happy hour prices were reasonable but I cannot comment on the normal entrees or menu prices.  I'll be back to do so though!
5	The atmosphere of Eleven is very classy and elegant, but the real star is the food.  We started with the scallops for appetizers; the scallops were huge with a very nice ham hock.  These were actually more filling than I thought with the potatoes.  I had the Black Bass, which was succulent with a well matched polenta.  For dessert, we shared the creme fraiche brulee.  This was little and flavorful.  The only issue was that top of the brulee was so caramelized that it was difficult break into small pieces.  However, this was the only flaw that I could find in the entire meal for the night.  This is one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh to appease your inner foodie.
4	Eleven is a very solid restaurant in Pittsburgh -- pretty consistent and plenty of great things to try on the menu. It doesn't quite deserve the fifth star, but is close.The cocktail list has many options and the wine list is extensive. Appetizers are great, would highly recommend the tuna tartar as well as the scallops.I have had both the strip steak as well as the bass for an entree, the bass was okay but the steak was delicious, certainly what I will get when I go back next time. Dessert is done well here, especially the chocolate molten cake, and the macaron that comes with the creme brulee is spectacular. The peanut butter candy bar sounds amazing, but truly is just above average. needs some more peanut butter. Would highly recommend, especially for a nice occasion/business dinner. The restaurant doesn't have a 'wow' factor, which I know is an annoying, subjective rating. You will leave there very satisfied, but probably not remember the meal for the rest of your life.
5	Eleven is the best restaurant I've experienced thus far. The atmosphere is superb, the service is fantastic, and the food is phenomenol! I can't believe I haven't come here sooner.Instead of valet parking, we oped for the parking right across the street for $6. We were a little late arriving for our reservation, but no problem! The host offered to take my boyfriend's jacket and hang it up. He was given a number in order to redeem it at the end of the meal. We were seated right away. We sat in one of the smaller booths with the noisy kitchen on the other side of the wall. I wish we would have been seated in one of the larger booths, but it was no big deal. The waiter was at our table within minutes with fresh water, and ready to take our drink order. I ordered a blood orange mojito, which is basically a regular mojito with a couple pieces of "blood oranges" in it... It was pretty good, but I think they should just change the menu to show a regular mojito. Another person came around with 3 types of bread to choose from. I had the sea salt focaccia, and it was just okay. I'm not really a bread person per se, but it wasn't bad. I ordered the seafood tasting for my entree, and my boyfriend ordered the pork chop. The seafood tasting included medium rare salmon, two scallops, and a crab cake. The salmon was by far the best! Very juicy and fresh. The crab cake was very good (all meat, and breading only on the outside). The scallops were ok. That was the first time I've ever had them, so I can't compare. The seafood was on a bed of grits, and covered with cabbage slaw. I had a taste of my boyfriends pork chop, and it was also delicious! The kale and risotto that came with it left much to be desired. My boyfriend only ate the pork chop, and didn't eat the other items. The kale was decent in my opinion. For dessert I took home the "candy bar." I didn't get any ice cream (which is understandable since I took it home), but I would of liked to have the option for the ice cream. It was still very good without it FYI! All in all, this is a very nice place, and the people that work there are very attentive. We will definitely be back to try more of the dishes!
4	Inconsistencies really irk me. For instance, I read Whitley S's review (awesome review BTW) & have to say our experience with the hostess couldn't have been more different! The hostess is the first person you encounter when you walk into a restaurant. He or she sets the tone for the entire evening, & while it can always go up or down from there, that first impression is extremely important.We arrived for dinner at 5 on Saturday night & were lucky enough to score one of the street paid parking spots right in front of the door practically. $2 to park YAY! Especially when I knew that I was about to shell out a great deal of money for dinner. Hey the little things make me happy.It was cold out so we both had on coats. We walked in the door (opened by the valet thank you) & waited behind another couple that was speaking to the hostess. When they were finished the young lady at the hostess stand simply stared at us, no hello, no welcome to eleven do you have a reservation, nothing. Just stared like we had horns. Finally I walked up and informed her that we had reservations for 5pm. Of course I couldn't remember which name I put it under, but it was quickly located. No small talk during the process, just silence as though we were really interrupting her conversation with the 4 other people who were gathered at the hostess stand. Then a cursory Michelle will show you to your table. No enjoy your dinner, no may I take your coats, nada. Which is actually really inconvenient as we were shown to an upstairs shared booth with very little room to lay our coats on the seat beside us. But a minor detail, I just hope that management reads these reviews so that the problem can be addressed. Our server, Brian, was very knowledgeable & very attentive. Water glasses were never empty, as there were at least 4 different servers who were attending to bread, water, plate removal, etc. My wine arrived quickly as did my husband's martini. Both were excellent. The menu changes daily, with a very delicious tasting menu with wine pairings available in both a vegetarian and a meat option. As it was early (we had 7:30 tickets to a show) we weren't terribly hungry, so opted for two entrees & Chris ordered a salad. Bread arrives with butter and is dolled out, which I actually like. I hate the idea of restaurants throwing away every breadbasket that isn't eaten. It's such a waste! Bread selections were semolina, salted focaccia, and a wheat option. Chris's salad was very good; the croutons had been coated in balsamic vinegar. Dressing was light and the field greens were very fresh and peppery. I wish there had been a salad option that had more vegetables, I did feel as though my meal was greatly lacking in the vegetable department. They did have a beet salad available but I think the goat cheese in that option negated any health benefits of the beets. Dinner arrived quickly and beautifully presented. We both opted for another glass of wine to accompany our dinner, which were also promptly delivered. I ordered the seafood sampler, which was a crab cake, grilled salmon, and scallops. I opted to try the risotto instead of the grits that it was supposed to come with, a substitution that was easily accommodated. Chris had the grilled swordfish with sausage and mussels and fingerling potatoes. The seafood sampler was topped with a delicious lemony/horseradishy slaw. I'm telling you I would never have thought to combine lemon and horseradish but it was absolutely divine. Just a small amount but it was perfect and light and just enough horseradish to really feel it in your sinuses. Awesome! I will say it was served with grilled pieces of lemon, which weren't my favorite. The rind on lemon can be bitter. If you weren't careful and ended up with a piece with your fish, it had the potential to really ruin that bite. The scallops and salmon were perfectly cooked and the crab cake was loaded with shredded crabmeat. The risotto was creamy and delicious. All in all, my entree was fantastic. Chris raved about his swordfish, mussels, and sausage. We both cleaned our plates (with the exception of the grilled lemons). The portion sizes were perfect as we weren't so full we thought we might die by the time we had finished. I hate that feeling and love when a restaurant is smart about portions. For dessert we ordered the caramel popcorn ice cream and the chocolate caramel ice cream. It was beautifully presented as well, and since we were celebrating Chris's birthday, the even included a large piece of milk chocolate with "Happy Birthday" written in white chocolate. A very sweet touch that was greatly appreciated. Some raspberries, blackberries, two little chocolate chip cookies, and a little coconut macaroon accompanied the ice cream. The ice creams were delicious, the perfect end to a delicious meal. Be prepared for the bill though. Almost $200 for the two of us (3 drinks each, 2 entrees, 1 salad, 1 dessert, tip).
4	Food was well prepared, wait staff was extremely attentive.  All in all, we thoroughly enjoyed our meal.  Will definitely go back.
4	Nice atmosphere and food was good. I'm use to Philadelphia restaurants so I did expect a little nicer then what I experienced in what is considered a top 5 Pittsburgh restaurant. Service was good. I would go back for drinks but would try another place for dinner.
4	I have been here twice so far.  The first time I sat at the bar for happy hour and got a ton of half price food and drinks.  The mules is delicious.  The service is excellent and happy hour is a great time to visit if you are on a budget but want to sample some of the best food in Pittsburgh.The second time I visited was for brunch and my BF and I both got the prix fixe which included an appitiser, entre, and alcoholic beverage for $25.  It is a great deal.  I had the cauliflower soup, lamb rancheroes, and mimosa and my BF had the hash, steak and eggs, and mules.  I intend to go back sometime for the tasting or chef's menu with pairings because I am guessing it is a good value as well.
4	Eleven is a beautiful restaurant. It has a sophisticated design I really liked and a big plus were the spacious tables/booths so that you never feel cramped. Service was generally on-point but nothing extraordinary. They forgot to fill my dad's water glass and I wish they explained the wine pairings with the courses in more detail rather than just state what type of wine it was and where it was from.The food was good but inconsistent. I tried the four-course tasting menu with wine pairings and was overall pleased, but also a bit disappointed. The proscuitto and egg appetizer was a great start and was really well balanced. The egg was cooked perfectly with a great runny yolk. The proscuitto added much needed saltiness to the dish while a touch of balsamic gave a nice hint of acid.Unfortunately, things went downhill from there. The second course was a pan-seared bass that was good, but not particularly memorable. The third course was a lamb loin chop that I was really excited for (especially after reading reviews about it here on Yelp), but ultimately fell flat due to errors in cooking. I ordered the lamb medium-rare but was served a well-done piece. I had to send it back, and the next lamb I got was medium bordering on medium-well. I didn't feel like sending it back a second time, so I just dealt with it. It was seasoned well and I could see the great potential of the dish, but I couldn't really enjoy it since it was overcooked.I am glad to say that desserts are well done here and are HUGE. The tiramisu cannolis were great and not as rich as I expected (which is a good thing). The hazelnuts were a nice touch. The chocolate-peanut-pretzel candy bar was delicious, but be warned... It's really sweet and heavy.I also got to try the oysters (very fresh) and the crab cake. The crab cake was just fantastic and full of crab meat. It was one of the best I've ever had.Eleven is a solid restaurant that I would recommend even though I wanted it to be even better. I just hope that the cooking becomes more consistent in the future.
4	I will admit I have not dined in the full restaurant side, but I have dined several times in the Tavern Side as I have been there for business...and every time the food has been fantastic. Although they have a few constants on there - such as the Eleven Burger, which is less of a Burger and more of an experience - the menu tends to change depending on what they can source and that is a good thing.The Service is good -  most of the time very personable and I am glad I came - even wishing I could stay a while - but normally I have to drive back to wherever I am staying.but the odd occasion, I get a waiter who is full of himself and is doing you a favor by serving you. Eleven is clearly a place "to be seen" and the staff seem to know that.The only other thing is their beer selection - I understand they are all about locally sourced produce and craft beers, but it wouldn't harm to have a few beers on hand that I may have heard of. I am not suggesting that they start pouring Bud Light - Anything but! But I would love it if they had some European Brews on hand, such as Chimay.A great place to go for a nice night out - no matter which side of the premise you are dining on.
1	I have never been so angry after eating at a restaurant. This is my first yelp review since 2009 but I had to start with this place, our experience was just awful. We arrived at 8:45 WITH a reservation. The place was half empty yet we were sat in a back room on the second floor with two other couples. There was no music and the tvs were off so it was fairly awkward. The rest of the restaurant looked trendy, but this room seemed like just a place to have staff meetings. We asked to be moved to one of the five open two-tops we could see in the main room below but we were told that they were already reserved. Only one had been filled by the time we left at 10:00.  The server was completely clueless about anything on the menu which is surprising for a place this expensive ($200 for two people). He was unable to answer basic questions about the food and drink menu. The service in general was terrible, when we left the hostesses just started at us and didn't say a word, and the two valet guys did the same as they watched us try to hail a cab. The food was mediocre at best. I ordered the lamb loin chop which was ok but very small, definitely not worth $38. My girlfriend got the prime strip steak which was not good. The menu said that it came with pickled peppers, but a $45 steak that tastes completely like pickles? Are you serious? Also, it came pre-sliced which was a bit of a surprise as well. The waiter recommended the tasting menu yet when we ordered the first course a la carte he informed us they were all out. Why would he even suggest something if it wasn't even available? We got the oysters instead which were great, but they were raw; thats more of a testament to the quality of the oysters than to the chef.Overall the food was terrible and the service was even worse. I would recommend avoiding this place at all costs. $200 down the drain. Definitely will never come back here.
5	I was in Pittsburgh for my girlfriends birthday and wanted to take her out somewhere nice. After doing some research I came across Eleven and made reservations. I couldn't have been happier with the experience.I made the reservation on open table and noted that it was her birthday and requested any seating with a nice view or other differentiator if they had it. We walked in and were promptly seated in a nice private booth that overlooked the downstairs bar. Our waiter was very friendly and knowledgable. He checked on us often, but not too often. I also appreciated that he mentioned my girlfriends birthday without bringing out the waitstaff to sing or any other annoying show.The food was excellent as well. They brought around breads, and the salt focaccia was delicious. I had the beef tenderloin and she had the roasted chicken. The beef was great and the fingerling potatoes that came with it may be the best potatoes I've ever had. I had a few bites of her chicken as well and it was equally as good. For desert we had the chocolate peanut butter candy bar and it was amazing. They even went out of their way and wrote happy birthday on a separate piece of chocolate for my girlfriend.Overall eleven was a great experience and I would certainly recommend it to anyone. A class act staff and delicious food.
4	This restaurants to me is one of the best in Pittsburgh.The ambiance is very very nice.The service is world class not many restaurants in the burgh as as good.The prices are a bit high but its worth it! I hope we would have more restaurants like this in the burgh!!
5	I have eaten here 2 times in the last month, and have had spectacular service and food.  Lots of great fish selections.  Incredible wine selection.My most recent visit, I have a Chef's food & wine pairing consisting of a starter Tuna tartare topped with white anchovy and caviar paired with Champagne, then moved to a green and white asparagus salad with miners lettuce, Surryano ham paired with an Italian Marchesa Gavi Liguria, then the main course consisting of a lamb chop with cous cous with a great blend of spices paired with a Napa Steltzer Estate Cab.Simply amazing pairings...
5	BRUNCH!It really is the most important meal of the week, ESPECIALLY after a late night booze-laced wedding reception the night before.  I really think we found the best (and maybe ONLY) classy brunch place in the city.  (we are from Philly...).What a very cool space!  The ambiance was airy, open, and yet every table had a private feeling.  Our server was excellent, and I couldn't believe what a great value!  In Philly or DC or NYC this brunch would have been well over $300.  They have this Prix Fixe brunch menu for $25 where you get a brunch cocktail, an appetizer, and an entree.  Yes Please!I had the spicy bloody mary with pickled veggies, nice and spicy, and I LOVED that there was a pickled carrot in my glass!  Cool!  The mimosas were also delicious.  My appetizer was the oysters, nice and fresh, with a unique Eleven recipe hot sauce to accompany them, habanero/mango sauce.  I was surprised how well it complimented the oysters, which were fresh and delicious.  My entree was the Eggs Benedict with a truffled hollandaise sauce.  I think they made the english muffins in house, they were AMAZING...and they used two whole muffins! It was served with a citrus salad, fresh oranges and grapefruit with mint, it was SO refreshing and a perfect way to cleanse the palate after brunch.And finally, the grilled sticky.  This amazing dish requires its own review really...HUGE slices of brioche, like over two inches thick, grilled and glazed with a bacon butterscotch drizzle over the top. WOWOWOWOWOWOWOW.  We ordered two for the table, on top of everything else, because that's how good it was. WOW.  I don't know when I"ll be back in Pittsburgh, but I'd love to try out the dinner menu here!
2	The first thing I noticed when my guests and I walked in was the design of this place. It is really nice. After trying several "just okay" restaurants in Pitttsburgh, I was ready for a great meal. My party and I had read many reviews of Pitt restaurants, and this sounded like our best shot at a great "fine dining" experience in this city.  We were extremely disappointed. Sorry, but I'm convinced there is no fine dining in Pittsburgh. We all had the Price Fixe Tasting menu ( quite pricey for what it was, btw ), and none of us liked it. The lamb was too spicy, and the wine pours were really small.Three and a half hours for four courses?  Wow, the pacing of the entire meal was just dismal. I don't think it was the server's fault, though- she seemed to be trying most of the time. Maybe it was the kitchen's fault? I'm not sure, but this was just ridiculous. I shouldn't have my wine pairing glass 45 minutes before it's accompanying dish. Yet we did. A couple of times. Also, I am gluten free, but usually this doesn't matter at nice restaurants. Eating  out and staying GFree is becoming easier I am finding. So many restaurants have GF offerings and substitutions available.  Eleven, however, was not gluten free friendly at all. Nor did the server even seem aware of what GFree is. After awhile, the Bread cart coming around EVERY FIVE MINUTES got to be humorous. Even to the rest of my party, who CAN eat bread. Seriously, if the rest of the place was as on the ball as the bread guy, maybe our experience would've been slightly better here.
5	The fiancee and I have ventures to Eleven on three different occasions.Dinner - Celebrated our joint bday/anniversary.  Turned out to be one of our top 3 meals of all time.  Incredible service and attention to detail combined with what was a fantastic chef's tasting menu made for a LONG (read 3 hour plus) celebration that was well worth the high price tag.Lunch - Ventured over from the central business district to grab a sandwich.  While it was surprisingly dead, the service was still good and I received my meal within 15 minutes of ordering.Brunch - Appetizer, meal, and booze for $18....  say what?!  Got the grilled cinnamon bun (like an EnP grilled sticky on crack), an awesome hash, and a damn good whiskey drink.  Couldn't ask for a better Sunday morning.Overall, I'll always look for an excuse to be irresponsible with the bank account on this one.
4	Visited Pittsburgh for a few days, we there for our anniversary .The place was very nice and our waiter was the best. The food was delicious and wine was prefect.A Must place to eat
5	Excellent, truly.  Expensive, absolutely.  But it's one of those places that although the check stings, you never feel like you didn't get what you paid for (i.e. that $50 steak will be a giant cut of beautiful aged, grass-fed beef cooked to perfection).  So here's the trick - go for brunch.  Although you should be warned, this is a wasted Sunday kind of brunch (I am can't seem to avoid eating myself into a coma).  It is by far the best value for brunch in the city and a cheap way to get your Eleven fix.  If you have the cash, by all means go for dinner.  This is our birthday/anniversary spot.
5	I went to Eleven on a Tuesday night, and if you know Pittsburgh, you know that the downtown pretty much shuts down after 7pm. Regardless, there have been a bunch of conventions and shows in and out of town, so I made a reservation. It is recommended, but you could probably get away without, since they also have an upstairs floor.For food, I started with the three sisters salad. The salad was a bigger portion that I expected, and it had just the right amount of dressing (and I don't usually like dressing on my salads). As my entree, I ordered the seafood combo. Oh man, was it delicious. It came with two perfectly cooked scallops, a round and fat crab cake patty, and a piece of salmon. I love seafood, so this dish was perfect for me. All of that was served on a bed of risotto that complimented the food very well. Last but not least, DESSERT! Even though I was stuffed, dessert deserves a separate stomach, so we ordered the candy bar and the orange (i think?) pudding cake. Both were delicious and highly recommended by our waitress.Overall, the service was great. Our waitress was knowledgeable about the menu items, and I trusted her recommendations. The food was delicious, and the ambiance was nice. The food/drink is a little more pricey than what I would usually pay, but I would go again for a special occasion.
3	Hubby and I went with our friends last Saturday night and had a very nice, relaxing meal (despite our waitress trying to hurry us along)!  The spring salad was a plateful of spring greens and herbs with a bit of shaved parmesan and potato crisps on top, nice and refreshing but hardly worth $10 a plate.  Hubby had the seafood sampler (scallop, salmon and crabcake) and was totally impressed, I had the swordfish; and although the portion was not large, it was tasty and I was filled.  Our friends both had fillets, and thought they were delicious.  Food cost was not outrageous for the quality--I thought all plates were fairly priced.  The alcohol, however, was overpriced as usual--but that did not stop us from drinking!  ;-)  I had the $10 wine, not the $15 margarita!
4	Excellent food.  The service is typically good, but surprisingly -- not as consistently good as Soba and Casbah, which is curious.  Still, it's a favorite.  The chef's tasting menu with wine pairings is a treat.  The cocktails are excellent and inventive.
3	We came here for a bach party. The group ordered the beef tongue, yellowtail, pierogies, and some sort of rock shrimp app for the table. Surprisingly I really liked the beef tongue and I knew I'd love the yellowtail. I was trying to decide how much I wanted to eat and was debating on a trio of salmon, crab cake, and scallops OR just ordering two apps of scallops and crab cakes. I chose the app portions, but two others in the group split the trio and got PERFECTLY portioned meals for each of them. The app portions with their accompaniments ended up being a little too much food. The food was good, but not fab. The initial apps we ordered for the group were actually better. Everyone seemed to enjoy their food and the atmosphere. We all wanted the pics on the wall in the bathroom - very...different.
4	The food was amazing. The service was pretty quick... and then there was the hooker at the table next to us with an older gentleman. She was a hot, drunk mess. However, the servers were pretty darn good at handling her... I'm pretty sure I wouldn't have known what to do.
4	My boyfriend and I went while in town for a concert. I had the potato wrapped scallops for an appetizer. It was perfect. The bf was jealous. He had the pasta that was similar to a carbonara. The pasta had a weird texture but it was ok. I had the swordfish entree while he had the filet. Mine was a little salty and I love salt. The filet was delicious.
5	Great food. Very good ambience and very good service.
4	Great dinner and great place to use the big burrito birthday coupon... went on a Wednesday evening with the husband for his birthday. Great drinks. Appetizers were OK- oysters were tiny / not very flavorful and the heirloom tomato salad was nothing special. Person coming around with bread was all judgey because I asked for a slice of each kind of bread.. sorry I'm not sorry Bread man. Entrees were much better- I got the beef tenderloin which was amazing and husband got swordfish which was really good too. Dessert was incredible- banana pudding and creme brulee. Overall we loved it- cool place!
4	Ducked in here for a drink on the way home after dinner.  Cool atmosphere.  Good bartender.  Ordered a Booker's bourbon.  Asked for one with one ice cube.  I don't like it with a lot of ice because it dilutes the bourbon but it's 126 proof and that's a bit much for August.  So. I compromise and go with one cube.  The bartender asked if I wanted a small or large cube.  I call that good service.  Of course he may have been pulling a prank on me.  "I just asked this dude if he wanted a small or large one and he said he wanted a large one.  Ha! Ha! Ha!
5	Stopped by late evening and have to say not disappointed.  Planned for tavern menu and had read other reviews for burger.......don't miss this one.  Delicious.  I ordered the lobster roll and my husband ordered the burger, planning on splitting.  The lobster roll was good, won't order again though cause next time I want my own burger and not so sure my husband would give up half again.  Did splurge on dessert too - chocolate pretzel peanut butter candy (i think that's what it was called) was worth every calorie.   Typically i end up eating more of the dessert than my husband but we were fighting to see who would get the last crumbs!  Yes, not our most healthful of evening meals but so worth every taste.    Since we sat at the bar, found the bartenders friendly and very attentive without overdoing the service.  White Sangria was just right too.  All in all, a perfect evening.
4	My husband and I visited for our first time in Pittsburgh. We were adventurous and ordered the scallop appetizer, neither of us had ever tried them. It was pretty, not a texture I loved but that's not their fault, of course. It came with a small tasty salad. While waiting for food, we were offered some bread. I loved the tomato focaccia! My husband sprung for the steak, which was the most amazing steak either of us have ever tried. The only steak he has eaten without A1. It was served with parmesan potato tots which were fun and delicious. My pork chop was so juicy and beautiful! Turns out I do not like beets and there were quite a few on the plate, but it also came with two of the most amazing onion rings. It only had 3 slices of grilled peach slices, which I was looking forward to more. On to dessert. OMG! We got the banana cream pie. It is not your ordinary banana cream pie! It is heaven on a plate. The only downfall was that my husband ordered a Pepsi, and for each refill, we were charged $3.50. So over $10 for 3 small glasses of an alcohol free beverage. Bummer that we weren't informed. But overall we had a wonderful experience thanks to the fantastic food and our excellent server, Margaret. And to top it off, at the very end of our meal, we were brought two squares of salted caramels which was awesome. It was a lovely dining experience, but even so, the prices were steep.
5	Delicious Brunch! Today, two of my friends and I went to Eleven and got their prix fix brunch, which comes with an appetizer, cocktail, and entree at $25/person. Everything was amazing! I had the short-rib appetizer, which I could eat all day. It is flavor packed. Then I had the eggs Benedict. It was so refreshing to have a different cut of ham and larger muffins. These were possibly the biggest servings of benedicts I've ever seen.  Mike, our server was great and very attentive. My only complaint is that the server assistants/other wait staff could be a little more personable. You'd thank them for something and they wouldn't even respond.Overall this brunch is not to be missed!
5	Excellent food...best lobster roll in Pittsburgh!  Crab cake was awesome.  Roasted chicken with risotto was delightful and homey!
5	Perfect Service & Perfect Food. Whenever I get my Big Burrito free meal for my birthday card in the mail, this is where I go! I've never had bad food here or bad service. Really top notch.
5	Being a vegetarian, brunches can be pretty monotonous. Visiting Eleven for brunch last week was such a welcome relief. I opted for the pre fix menu and the dishes were just awesome. The gnocchi was rich and flavorful. I called for Ruby Red and the cocktail was a-mazing! The ambience is classy and its a great way to spend your weekend morning. I called for the cheese appetizer and they had a great variety. Would certainly go back!
4	Came back to Eleven for a work dinner and left very impressed.  The happy hour drink specials were excellent and service in the bar area was much improved from my previous visit to this establishment.  I was able to enjoy a Ruby Red on the comfy couches while I waited for the rest of my party to arrive.Once upstairs for dinner I ordered the tomato salad for an appetizer and the tenderloin for dinner.  Both dishes were exquisite.  Red, green, yellow, purple tomatoes with just the right amount of dressing and garnishes.  The tomato salad was a hit with all 3 people that ordered it.  The tenderloin dish was also great.  The meat was cooked perfectly to order (medium well) and the juices still flowed clear and tastefully.  The bread selection that was brought around was also good!I would certainly suggest it to folks who are looking for a higher end dining experience and I definitely plan to come back for happy hour.  For me personally as a dinner option the restaurant is priced beyond what I usually go for but a once in a while splurge does sound like a tasty treat.
4	Great meal, excellent atmosphere.   The gnocchi was fantastic as well as the soft pretzels.  The peanut butter dessert was also delicious.
4	This review is just for brunch...and what a brunch it was! For $25, you get a little pastry basket, appetizer, entree, and cocktail. For the quality of food, this is quite a steal!Compared to other prix fixe brunches in Pittsburgh (e.g. Park Brugge) I found their menu more interested and diverse. Duck hash and Oysters for appetizers, and entrees ranging from classics (eggs benedict, steak and eggs) to less traditional (veal burger, smoked lamb heuvos rancheros). Similarly for cocktails - mimosas, bloody marys, and their own refreshing cucumbery twist on a moscow mule.While everything was good, none of it was outstanding - I feel the execution of the dishes left more to be desired. Flavors were simple, and lacked the "wow" factor I get from other high end restaurants in the area.While it was a great deal for $25, I personally prefer the Brugge restaurants for my Sunday prix fixe brunch. Same price, but I feel the quality of food there is a little better. Nonetheless, it was a solid choice for brunch!
4	I've been here twice now, and the food is consistently very good (though not daring enough to be called great) and the service really quite good. If you're looking for a nice dinner out in Pittsburgh, this place is a good bet. My only complaint would be that if you're going for a quiet dinner and they put you upstairs above the bar, it's like you're in the bar--it's too loud.
4	This should really get a 4.5, so I want up explain why it's not a 5. First, food was largely excellent. Pork chop was perfectly cooked and seasoned. Very tender, absolutely yum. Sides were grits and beets. Beets were a tad undercooked. Three green salad was excellent.  Walleye was perfectly prepared but paired oddly with a nice Pinot which overpowered the delicate fish. Lobster bisque was very good but not excellent. I would definitely go back. Service was good and attentive.  Very nice place, recommend.
4	Great atmosphere & great service by Elizabeth.   The food was a little above average.  Nice presentation, just not amazing.
5	Ho-lee SCHNIEKIES.I went to Eleven on a Saturday night during a weekend visit to Pittsburgh. I'd read the menu and it sounded terrific, so I decided to give it a shot. AND I took my 11 & 9 year-old kids with me (they're adventurous sorts, they are).Often, I can tell how a dining experience is going to go based on how my kids are greeted. I take them to a lot of "foodie" places and if they're welcomed with smiles, which they certainly were at Eleven, that's usually a good sign.We were seated upstairs, near the bar, at a relaxed table with soft lighting. Terrific atmosphere, very nice, but casual--there was no air of pretense here at all, though again, everything was very nice.We started with drinks, and I had the restaurant's signature Moscow Mule. They make it with house-made ginger beer that REALLY has a great bite (I'm super-picky about such things and hate it when ginger beer is too sweet) and cucumber vodka. The pairing was PERFECT. A lovely cocktail ... we were off to the races.Then, friends, there was the food. I started with roasted pumpkin & potato soup that was crowned with homemade pumpkin seed granola. On an evening when the weather was raw, biting, and damp, this was more than welcome. Warm, creamy, and just a bit spicy, it was the perfect beginning to the meal.Dinner was magnificent. My son had the roasted chicken, which was moist & tender (he said it was one of the best things he'd ever eaten and told me that it was so good, his head might well explode--this is a compliment of the highest order when you're 11). His meal was complemented by risotto, wilted Swiss chard, and all was served in a shallow pool of thyme jus.My daughter, not to be outdone, got the Walleye Pike, which was pan-seared (absolutely tender and perfectly cooked) and served on wild rice, with dried cranberries, pecans, pea tendrils, and toasted chili puree, with cider saffron beurre blanc (and yeah, she ate the WHOLE thing). It was wonderful.I had the beet salad, which was lovely with goat cheese vinaigrette and baby kale, but the coup de grace were the sea scallops, which are easily among the better things I've ever eaten. Two monster-sized sea scallops were wrapped in potato (I have no idea what evil genius thought this up, but DUDE) and served in a delicious bed of tasso ham, Sea Island red peas, and smoked onions. Holy CATS. So good.I'm a fan of Big Burrito's restaurants, in general, but MAN! This was an experience I'll not soon forget. I might even drive up to Pittsburgh again soon just to have dinner here.  Just extraordinary. Oh! And the service was top-notch, too.
4	Perfect place for a special occasion!  The decor is just lovely with an open second level and wine attic as I like to call it!  We arrived early for our reservation, they took our coats and seated us right away upstairs in an alcove that overlooked the entrance. It was funny to be aware from the rest of the tables but it was just perfect for an intimate dinner.  Our waiter was slightly snotty but he was very quick to take our orders and check on us throughout the evening.  I had to try the red sangria as I heard it was fabulous and it sure was. The bread is made in house and so tasty that you need to make sure not to fill up on it. My date ordered the pork belly-not my thing but he raved about it.  I ordered the pork which came with beets, cheesy grits (fantastic), onion rings and molasses sauce. The flavor combo was perfect and it melted in your mouth. My date ordered the swordfish which came with scallops, calamari and pasta which he too enjoyed.  I wish we had saved room for dessert as there were so many great options including a seasonal ginger snap, pumpkin dessert.  Can't wait to go back!
5	Wonderful Night out!! Dinner was Fabulous!!Five of us dined. We were seated promptly. The service was great. Our server new the menu well and everyone ordered both first and second courses. We all had different items, and all gave the meal a huge thumbs up! Two of us had the Foie Gras, and it was excellent. We asked our server to recommend a wine to accompany the Foie Gras, and he suggested a very nice French Semillon at: $11 a glass that was not only wonderful, but the best value on their list. Our table shared two desserts, with one knocking it out of the park. Don't miss ordering the "Hazel Nut Candy Bar" dessert. It was magnificent in both taste and presentation. Thanks, Eleven for a great night!!
5	Decided to hit up Eleven for brunch again, and it definitely didn't disappoint again.  Outside of a minor service issue, which the manager quickly resolved, everything was spot on again.While it's been around for some time, Eleven continues to be one of the staple Pittsburgh fine dining establishments (even better, it's not snobby fine dining either).
4	I had oysters for appetizer which were very fresh. The lamb entree was quite tasty too.The chicken was good but not great. What I really loved was the service, they were very courteous and made sure we had a great evening.
2	The steak is not worth $48.00.
5	Great food and very good service! The baby kale salad is soft and tender with a yummy ceasar dressing and the rib eye was veryyy good! I would come back anytime when im in the Pittsburgh area! I recommend making a reservation they are kind of picky with that. The valet parking was trying to charge $20 for up front parking when there was NO cars around even to valet... That was the only negative impact i had
5	We went with a group to Eleven. The seating was in a rounded booth that was spacious and comfortable. Drinks were served promptly and were delicious. For the whole experience, ordering an appetizer is a must. I went with a salad, but the main course was definitely the star. While the gnocchi sounded good, I chose the pork chop. It was cooked perfectly and was thick and juicy. Definitely made the right pick. We decided to forego dessert but were surprised with chocolate truffles. We loved the experience at Eleven and will definitely go back if on Pittsburgh!
5	Let me start off by saying that Eleven is one of my favorites restaurants in Pittsburgh. It is one of my favorite Big Burrito restaurants as well, along with Umi and Casbah. I love the urban, upscale feel of the restaurant. It isn't pretentious, and everything from the decor to the flatware is tasteful and elegant. My husband and I most recently came here to celebrate our anniversary, and we weren't disappointed.I started with a glass a of the pinot blanc/pinot gris blend from Alsace (one of my favorite regions for white wines in the entire universe), and it was delicious. They had a good wine list, which is one of my favorite things about Eleven.I started with the tuna tartare, which was delicious. It kept with tradition, while still being inventive and fresh. I loved the caviar on top! I had the seafood tasting this time around because I was feeling indecisive, and it was lovely to be able to try a little bit of several things. The portion size was perfectly adequate for me, but then, I don't like feeling overly stuffed when I leave a restaurant. The salmon was cooked well (there is nothing worse than overcooked salmon), and the scallop and crabcake were delicious. My husband had the pork chop, and the glazed beets in the dish were outstanding.Next time, I look forward to exploring some of Eleven's cocktails options as well as more of the menu items.
5	How have I not reviewed this place before?  It is always in my list of the top 5 restaurants in the burgh whenever I am asked and I was pretty certain that I had.  From that you can probably gather that I come here a decent amount with the most recent time being on a Wednesday afternoon with my father for lunch.  We had made lunch reservations for 12:30 and arrived some time around there and were seated immediately.  Upon entering the restaurant it was easy to see that we didn't need the reservations but I would rather be safe than sorry.  The inside of Eleven is pretty cool and very open as it has been built inside of an old warehouse.  It is two stories tall with dining on both floors but with an open plan where you can see the ceiling pretty whenever you dine at.  There is a lovely fireplace whenever you first walk into the restaurant and to the left is the bar and the right the main dining room.  The bar is a pretty nice place and I have seen them open it up in the summer where there garage doors of the warehouse used to be.  On this occasion we sat at a small two top in the main dining room where at the end you can see into the pastry kitchen.  They is also a large two story wine cellar near the entrance which is cool to look at.Since it had been awhile since I had been to Eleven for lunch I decided to order the Eleven Burger as my entree with blue cheese as my cheese of choice.  Before our lunch was served the waiter brought out the bread basket.  Inside was one of my favorite premeal breads, a salted foccacia which pairs perfectly with the butter that they have there.  There was also some rustic Italian bread which was good as well.  Whenever the burger came to table I was reminded of why it is my favorite burger in Pittsburgh.  It is piled pretty high with all of the goodies inside of it and I have to cut it in half just to be able to eat it.  The burger has braised veal on the bottom, meat in the middle and then is topped with the cheese that you choose, bacon and some crispy onions. This last time that I visited the burger was as good as every other time I have had it with the burger being cooked perfectly and the bun slightly toasted.  It also comes with some seasoned fries that I always enjoy as well.  My dad ended up going with the Flank Steak for his lunch entree which also came with some fries.  He told me that the ends of his steak were a bit chewy but the middle was awesome.  I guess that is what you get whenever they oversear a tougher cut of meat.The bottom line for me is that I will definitely be back here in the future.  Eleven is one of the most consistent and best restaurants in Pittsburgh and I am not sure that I have ever had a bad meal here.
5	Eleven is hands-down, without fail one of Pittsburgh's best restaurants. I have eaten here a number of times and have had nothing but great eating experiences.Here's a tidbit from a review that I did on my blog (http://intrepidmoves.blogspot.com/) back in October of 2012."Seasonal Heaven.... Eleven. was. delicious....I'm a big fan of innovative, fresh food - and that is exactly what this restaurant offered....Being a big fan of beets, I started with a beet salad. These roasted red beets were dressed with a light vinaigrette and were mixed with pumpkin seeds. This was an interesting October touch, unique and delicious, and while overall I enjoyed the meal, the salty roasted seeds made the dish, to me, seem a bit too salty. Didn't stop me from eating every bite though! "Dinner is on the pricier side, but well worth it. This is a great restaurant for a special occasion. This summer I went with a group of eight or so people and we had a private room upstairs - one very vibrant woman from Scranton, unfamiliar with the eats of Pittsburgh - just couldn't get over how great the restaurant was. She asked the waiter to have the manager come up so that she could give him her compliments. She told him that she has never been to a restaurant where every single person in a large group like this could speak so highly of each and every single one of their meals. The only 'disappointing' moment I have ever had at Eleven was when I was at dinner with the group mentioned above - my friend Maura and I decided to splurge on a pricier dollar bottle of white wine - annnnnnd it didn't come chilled. I generally don't complain at restaurants, but as Maura's mother (vibrant woman mentioned previously) said, "you tell them, it's a 60 dollar bottle of white wine, and it's going to need to be chilled." So we took that route - added some please and thank you's - and the bottle was immediately on ice. I wouldn't have expected to have to ask that question at this establishment - but, mistakes happen.My most recent experience was for lunch at the Tavern (the bar part of the restaurant which has a different menu). Always on a hunt for a good Bloody Mary - I was very satisfied. The bar area is beautiful - high ceilings, dark wood tables and chairs - a very calming atmosphere. I had their famous fried brussels sprouts, and mussels that were to die for. What it comes down to is that you just can't go wrong with Eleven. The Big Burrito Restaurant Group nailed it with this place.
4	Great experience tonight at eleven. Make sure to have reservations!  Excellent food and great service. Loved the sashimi and beef tenderloin, great recommendations from the wait staff! Beautiful atmosphere, Just wish more wine selections by the glass.
5	The happy hour is one of the best in the city.  $6 drinks and apps from 4-6 everyday.  I had the Pinot and my friend had the Syrah.  Amazing wines, the Pinot is reguarly a $20 glass and the Syrah is $15.  Service is great.  This is a review only on the drinks, we did not eat.
5	Yum. What a delicious brunch! I went here with a monthly brunch club and I think we were all satisfied with our decision to come to Eleven! I had the gnocchi with Brussels sprouts and pancetta. It was delicious. The Brussels sprouts were sliced and the pancetta was cubed and there was a nice amount of gnocchi covered in a nice well seasoned sauce that has a little bit of kick. I was also able to try the beignets which were fried dough puffs coated in powdered sugar. They were good and reminded me of funnel cake. Other guests had the yogurt and granola which looked super yummy. A few healthy dollops of thick creamy yogurt topped with coconut almost granola with mint, apple, and pomegranate. The table was also served a basket of croissants and muffins with butter and apple jam on the side. The croissants were super flakey and I had a hard time not making a total mess! The mess was worth it though for that flaky goodness. Appetizers for brunch are $9, entrees are $15, and brunch mixed drinks are $9. You can get their Prix Fixe and enjoy one of each for $25.
5	Fantastic meal at Eleven last week. The best I've had there of many. This one was 5-star though some have been 4-star. Only complaint was that the white wine was served almost room temp, but this was corrected quickly with an ice bucket.
5	Amazing ambiance, food quality & presentation, as well as top notch service.  Cozy yet elegant surroundings with soft lighting and fireplaces.  Food was fabulous, all local foods bought fresh daily, which is also why the menu changes daily. My business colleagues enjoyed their dishes very much.  Some of the favorites included mushroom soup, foie gras appetizer, lamb, seafood trio, scallops.  We each tried a different dessert. The banana cream pie is one of the best things I've tasted with amazing flavor of banana, caramel, and various textures achieved by incorporating small meringues, a caramel wafer which separated the banana custard from the caramelized bananas on top which were flambeed to perfection.  My second favorite dessert were the apple beignets whose fried, sugary outside crunched and then revealed a fluffy, doughy center which melted in my mouth with subtle flavor.  Our waitress was very knowledgeable and attentive.  Water was refilled promptly and each dish was timed, served at the right temperature and simultaneously to all diners in our party.
4	Consistently excellent and underrated, as this was one of my go-tos for years before the dining scene in Pittsburgh too off.That said, I virtually always go to the tavern side. It's more comfortable than the overly fussy dining room. Plus the tavern menu offers one of the best burgers in town, along with a rotating selection of other goodies. Staff has always been tremendously friendly & knowledgable, and it seems like they don't have a lot of turnover, which is a good sign. Brunch is also great but the real treat is happy hour from 4-6pm. $6 top-shelf martinis and lots of little snacks.
5	I absolutely loved my first trip to Eleven for lunch a few weeks ago, and I cannot wait until I'm rich and can go again.I love the upscale feeling, but you can also go in not super dressed up (at least for lunch) too.  At lunch time on MLK, the place was pretty quiet, but I'd imagine you need a reservation at dinner time.  The service was fantastic.  Our waiter was very friendly, especially for a more upscale place.The actual food isn't particularily creative, but it's delicious.  Everything is fresh and hot, and I really enjoyed the entire experience.  I ordered the Crab Cake Sandwich ($14).  It was a substantial size, and it tasted amazing.  My friend ordered the Eleven Burger, and it looked equally amazing.  Our waiter was telling us that when he comes into work, it's always some new cooking adventure in the kitchen, and he is always excited to try the food.  How many servers and people in the restaurant industry can say they'll eat where they work?  I won't eat where I work!  If that isn't enough proof enough that Eleven is amazing, I don't know what is.We wanted dessert, but we could not make up our minds.  So our waiter said he would suprise us.  All desserts, at least at lunch, are $10.  They are also all meant to be split, which our waiter was kind enough to share with us.  He surprised us with two ice cream sandwiches- homemade pumpkin ice cream between two ginger snap cookies.  I'm salivating just THINKING about them.  AMAZING.  Highlight of the meal.I loved Eleven, and it's definitely some of the best dining in PIttsburgh!  Check it out.
4	One of the better meals I have had in Pittsburgh. I had the vegetarian tasting which consisted of:beet salad- this was amazing and I do not understand why. Magic here, I have no explanationPoached egg with potatoes-- This seemed more like breakfast than dinner, but was ok. It just seemed odd in the middle of dinner.Carrots as the entree...?? Odd choice again here, but it was really tastyCoconut brulee- Good, but not the best I have had.I also had the tuna tartar, which was one of the better I have ever had.Overall, really good and really expensive.
2	Disappointed with my first meal at Eleven. Wife enjoyed the Curried Chicken and Sweet Potato Soup and her Salmon entree. Her Baby Kale and Brussel Sprout Caesar Salad had no brussel sprouts and no croutons. My tasting menu had a decent Tuna Tartare. The Striped Bass was solid. Nothing special. Good flavors, but nothing I would order again or lead me back to the restaurant.  The lamb temp was off.  It was cooled for too long, and the portion was tiny - even for a tasting menu. The only bites felt cold in my mouth. It was overcooked as well; however, the flavor was excellent.  I would order that dish again as an entree.  My tasting menu dessert and my wife's warm chocolate cake were both delicious.  Every touch to both desserts were amazing.  We only complained about the salad issue. Our server was nice and apologized.  She said that the brussel sprouts will be on the salad the next time we order it, and that was it. I would have expected a manager to stop by for an apology or for the restaurant to offer to comp something.  We ordered two glasses of champagne, the salad, a dessert, corkage of $20, two coffees, etc.  Something beyond the server apology would have been appreciated. I have no desire to go back at this point, but if i were forced there for any reason, I would order the Lamb and make sure to get a dessert.
5	After never eating here before, I decided to be a little risky and surprise my girl by taking her here for Valentines Day. I had made reservations a few weeks in advanced and had flowers that were to be ordered on our table. Being a little nervous that the flower coordination would get mixed up with our reservation time, I called a few days in advance to let them know that flowers would be coming. I had reservations for 9:15pm, we got there a little after nine and waited a few minutes for our table. Luckily to my surprise I didn't have to say anything to the Hostess as my flowers were at my table waiting for me. Big relief and big thank you to the staff for getting it right!We had a friendly waiter, I believe his name was Dave though his name might of slipped my mind after the drinks we had but he was a great waiter. We had lots of questions about the cocktail menu and the dinner/valentine special because we have never been here before but  he was very courteous to us and gave advice where he could. It was a busy night being the occasion but it never felt like he wasn't around. To start, my girl got the Red Sangria and a wonderful blend of apple, lime, orange and mint tickled her taste-buds. I opted to get the Bluehound gin and tonic with white peppercorn, grapefruit and mint. It was also very delectable and thirst quenching. For our appetizer we decided to get the Tuna Tartare. I'm use to eating Tuna in a can so for both of us, this was rich with taste as it was topped with anchovies and caviar. For our main course, the lady ordered the Salmon which was topped and drizzled with some kind of potato cream, brussel sprouts, beets, and apple slices. As a salmon lover, the sides didn't really seem appealing to me but it ended up being pretty tasteful after sneaking a few bites of her meal. She loved it and didn't leave much on her plate. I on the other hand choose the Grilled Swordfish. My was it tasty! I would definitely get it again. It came with a handful of clams and mussels and some kind of potato pasta-ish type thing. All were very good and both meals were of nice portion size.Throughout the dinner, a girl with a basket of bread came around about 3 times offering us different types of bread, all very yummy and enjoyed thoroughly. We were pretty much full from our meals and appetizer so we opted to get some dessert drinks as my girl got a wonderful Sherry Cream and I finished the evening off with a glass of the Couvosier VS. Overall feeling...I would definitely come back to the place. I would love to try their happy hour or something else next. I hear their burger is quite amazing.  It's not as romantic as say the Grand Concourse, but perhaps due to the night being a special occasion and it pretty packed that could be the reason, but we were entertained with great food, and a great waiter and huge props for getting the flowers on the right table for reservations.Happy eatings my fellow Yelpers!Yours truely, The Shaw...
3	I was here for lunch to celebrate a friend's birthday.  I ordered the roasted chicken sandwich and he had the hanger steak and fries (it was his birthday after all!)  My sandwich was so flavorful!  The ham and cornichon played off of each other well and the dijon and arugula contributed with a nice bite to round out the flavors.  I just wish the chicken was a little more tender and juicy; the heart of the breast was, but the edges were drying out.  That's okay - the fries saved it.  I judge a good fry based on whether it needs ketchup.  These do not - they're crisp on the outside and tender on the inside with a wonderful seasoning sprinkled on top.  Ketchup merely enhanced the flavor of the potatoes.He enjoyed his steak, though would have preferred it to be more well done.  Our server, who wasn't phased by us asking questions and not knowing protocol (like the numbered tags you're given when you get something to go - it's waiting for you behind the hostess stand the the coat check room?) suggested he try medium instead of medium well for that particular cut.  While she was knowledgeable about the food and made a good recommendation, his personal preference would have been for more well done.Pros: dishes are crafted with attention to flavors, servers are attentive and polite, plating is excellent, coffee service is fancypants!Cons: the host couldn't have been less friendly or more happy to see us leave - we were more casual as it was lunch service, a faux pas apparently, or perhaps we looked too young and riff-raffy to be spending money there. That part will make me think twice before returning, though our server made up for his unpleasantness.
5	Wonderful!  Eleven is our very favorite restaurant in the Pittsburgh area.  They are a bit pricey, but wow are they worth it!  The food is exquisite.  Creative ingredients, lovely presentation, and such a nice variety.  We frequently order their tasting option, which changes frequently.  We've been here many, many times and have never been disappointed.  Highly recommended!
2	I was treated to a birthday brunch by friends two Sundays ago at Eleven. Since I hadn't eaten at this place for several years, I agreed to go even though I was unimpressed after my last dinner visit and hefty dinner tab. When we arrived for our reservation, the three of us were seated at a large half circle table next to a large party with noisy unmanaged children.  I eventually requested another table.  We were promptly moved which I appreciated.  The waiter then came to the table and appeared to be somewhat hung over.  He took our orders including my coffee order. We were then served cold bread and spreads. Hmm...I would have expected better for a high end "brunch." I then asked for a coffee refill but never got it. I later decided to order grapefruit juice but then again never got it. When the waiter finally came back to our table, he said that the food servers sometimes forget to tell him. Way to throw your coworkers under the bus. I then had to ask for more coffee again. The food was acceptable, but portions were quite small for a "brunch." Our tab for three was close to $80. Doesn't seem like much has changed since my last experience there. A hefty bill for marginal service and half empty stomachs. Yowza. I don't think I'll be back again.
5	Excellent birthday meal! We were impressed with their ability to make a reservation for a Thursday night the day of. The atmosphere was very sophisticated/modern and there is ample space between tables to feel that your meal is private and you are not crammed against someone else. They brought out fresh bread which was delicious. My partner and I shared the seafood tasting and gnocchi dishes, but which were a decent portion and absolutely delicious. All the seafood was cooked perfectly. For dessert I selected an in season sorbet, which was served with fresh berries and cookies. The sorbet had outstanding strong flavor and was an excellent option for a lighter, but flavorful dessert. The menu is a bit pricey, but seemed comparable to other nice restaurants with similar quality of food. This would be an excellent place for both social and business meals and we will definitely return.
4	My Wife and dined at Eleven for my birthday in 2013.  We started out with glasses of Champagne, which was authentic and delicious.  We then decided to do the chef's tasting menu.  They had a scallop salad, lamb, fish and dessert.  All were very tasty.  Overall, this is a fun restaurant.  Very upscale, very tasty.  The prices are high, so expect to go there and spend $200 on dinner.  We were not blown away with the food, but it was very good and enjoyable.
3	Eleven does a nice job being inventive but not over the top when it comes to pairing flavors. They cure their own meat, dishes are gluten free and they have a wine storage area upstairs.  Chef Derek Reynolds put a nice menu together here. We tried the kale salad and beet salad. I must admit the beet salad w cured meat and manchego cheese was the best I ever tried. We then ordered all appetizers - 5 of them.   Scale of 1-5 w 5 being spectacular:Steak tartare:  3 Tuna tartare:  3Scallops:  5 (scallops are usually meh, boring... not these. Huge sushi grade diver scallops prepared the most unique way ever seen. This is a home run dish!)"Spaghetti":  4 (w lobster and uni)Crab cakes:  4 (all lump, very tasty, potatoes on the side seemed out of place)Wine:  personally, I would stick "by the glass".  Wine list is pretty heavily dominated by Cali wines that are over priced.  We did find a really nice Amarone 2009 that retails for $70 at big box retailers w a small margin on top. Other than that the Mumm Rose Champagne is a good value and nice for a starter or end game after dinner at $12/glass or $60/bottle.  The entrees appear dull at first but take the time to read how the dishes come together and you'll be intrigued. I think the tasting menu is kind of half assed - a vegetarian option for $45 and a meat one for $65 w optional wine pairing at $25. They should ramp this up, give options, allow for add on's (foie gras etc) and ditch the wine pairings until the list catches up to food quality. The service is friendly and prompt but I don't get the impression that everyone is immersed in the passion/knowledge of food. We will come back again.
4	I liked it. Good service and food. I loved the foie gras app and had lamb for dinner. Nicely done.
5	What a great space! The service was friendly and very attentive without crowding our conversation. We really enjoyed our brunch and will go back for dinner and the tasting menu when we have a bit more time to spend in Pittsburgh. The Eleven Mule was one of those house drinks you wish you could take home and enjoy on a hot summer afternoon in the back yard. Try this cocktail!
5	We were visiting from out of town, and coming to celebrate a birthday. We made reservations a week early, and were happy with the reviews. When we arrived 1hr early to get drinks and relax, they informed us that our table was already ready! We still stayed in the bar area with friends, and enjoyed the drinks. Our server was excellent, and the food was great. We would definitely recommend this to anyone in the Area looking for great food. Cons: it was kinda dark for is to see the menu.
5	Don't show up early because they don't open until, yep, 11:00, which is exactly when we had reservations for brunch. Coincidental name/timing aside, we were promptly taken upstairs to our table for two in a narrow dining section overlooking the bar. We immediately noticed and remarked about the classy, yet industrial, feel of the entire restaurant, which is obviously intentional in such a large building on the south end of the Strip district.In looking over the brunch menu, we rather easily decided on the Brunch Prix Fare, which included a choice of appetizer, entree and cocktail. We were both eyeing up the Grilled Sticky, a cinnamon swirl brioche with bacon butterscotch and icing, as well as the Eggs Benedict and a mimosa. However, our awesome waiter recommended only getting one Sticky because it was easily large enough to share. We took his advice and substituted the Grilled Salmon instead. Thank God, because he was absolutely right! As delicious as the sweet monster was, we barely finished the entire thing together. The sliced salmon with mini everything bagels and cream cheese complimented it very well and the delicious Eggs Benedict topped off the entire brunch rather nicely.For only $25 a person, the excellent food and service was well worth a Sunday morning visit. On a scale of one to ten, I'd say it's a...well, you know.
3	Most reviewers here have an inflated opinion of this restaurant IMHO. I'm a foodie and I've lived in NYC, Philly and LA. My take on Eleven is that they did an OK job at pretty much everything. I do not think this is a great restaurant or even comes close to rivaling some of the nicer restaurants in Philadelphia, NY, LA, Chicago, etc. I ordered their tasting menu because I wanted to get a feel for the place rather than pick what I thought I would like.  I should say that I did not have anything bad; I just did not think this was anything to write home about.
2	Eleven tries really hard, but ultimately very little that I ate there succeeded. The menu and ingredients look exciting, but the person preparing the food and creating the recipes doesn't seem to have a chefs idea of what goes together well/how it should be cooked and seasoned. I've never written a dish-by-dish break down of my meal before, but I feel like like Eleven warrants one, so here goes:First, someone comes around with a bread basket. This bread basket turned out to be the highlight of the meal, and there was a cherry poppyseed bread that was excellent. After this, we started with the tuna tartar, which was also good - however, there was a raw oyster, out of its shell, on top of it, which was a sign of the weird choices to come. What were we supposed to do with this oyster? You're not going to chew it with the tartar, but slurping a dry, raw oyster from a fork instead of a shell also seems strange. I love raw oysters, and really all raw seafood, but one just lying over tartar is kind of unappetizing. I also got a kale Caesar, which had really good dressing, but too much of it, WAY too much Parmesan, and an insane amount of pepper - again, good ingredients, but not quite right.Then came the entrees. The entrees are where this slips into a two star review. The entrees took beautiful ingredients and made them tasteless, which makes me sad. I had pasta with shrimp and uni - I think uni is the most magical thing in the world, and it needs to be treated very, very lightly. I couldn't even taste this uni, at all, because it was drowned in butter. The sauce for the dish, from what I could tell, was simply a stick of butter, Paula Dean style. It was bad. My boyfriend got the grilled swordfish, which, again, had great ingredients - but when you see fish with chorizo on a menu, you kind of assume it will be lightly sprinkled with chorizo, not served atop a sausage cake almost as big as the fish. The fish was flavorless and cooked to death, but it wouldn't have mattered if it wasn't, because the chorizo cake totally overpowered it. The shellfish with this dish were tough.All in all, the menu reads like someplace really exciting, but the people in the kitchen just don't seem to get how to meld flavors together, and every dish just seems like a waste of beautiful ingredients. The meal actually made me a bit depressed - definitely disappointing.
5	Wow, this place is good!  We went for Sunday brunch on Easter and weren't disappointed.  This place has all kinds of spots to enjoy casual to elegant to private dining, all in a hip and sophisticated, yet not pretentious atmosphere.The food - well...it's delicious and served in portions that aren't so small you leave hungry, but aren't so big that your stomach hurts for the rest of the day.  Plus, you can truly taste the fresh, homemade ingredients in each of the well-prepared dishes.  Every plate at our table was well-received with compliments from every, single diner on how good their food was.  Couple that with stellar service and this restaurant is a force to be reckoned with.This place has it all and will be one of the benchmarks for all other restaurants in the Pittsburgh area.  If you're looking for a dynamite meal, close to the Strip District, look no further...this place is good...no, check that - great eats!
5	Absolutely perfect experience. We shared the tartare which was split on two plates for us to eat. I had the pork chop, as I have a fish allergy my dining experiences are limited, but it was prepared exceptionally. We also had the chocolate cake that had small slices of crispy chocolate that was awesome. Our server was accommodating and polite as we wanted privacy and he was diligent enough to give us just the right amount of attention. He knew his wine pairings and recommended something both my date and I (who have very different preferences) could enjoy. The cocktails were very good, I had the sangria and my date a manhattan, (yes, on top of a bottle of wine). The bread was very fancy and delectable. I definitely look forward to coming back.
4	I stopped in here for lunch today. I decided to go with a medium burger and fries. Look at the plate. I added cheddar cheese, they have those cool straw onions and a pickle. It was delish! Well made, great service by a beautiful bartender.  Let me point out the lunch was perfect for a one hour lunch break. Plus this place is just so clean and just a neat setup. Yes it's a tad expensive. I think it's worth the stop. ;)
4	I would rate this place a 4.5. It takes a lot to get 5 stars in my opinion. This place had a great ambiance, the layout is wonderful. We had a party of 6 and got to sit in the "cove" area. I ate the lamb chop which was cooked to perfect but I didn't love the potatoes. For dessert I had the hazelnut brownie, I believe it was called, and it was delicious. I would recommend sharing because it was SO rich. I would recommend to a friend and return again.
5	This is by far one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. I have been going there since it first opened ~10yrs ago. It is my 'go-to' for Mother's Day, Valentine's Day birthdays, and anniversaries. They put so much thought into the ingredients and presentation, along with yummy chef's tasting menus. I was just there for Mother's Day and I have zero complaints. The vegetarian tasting was AMAZING. If you are a gin drinker, definitely ask for Uncle Val's. We also had a bottle of wine (Frog's Leap).
4	I was in Pittsburgh alone for work.  Though hell apparently froze over (it was first week of Feb), I did not want to be imprisoned in my hotel room so I yelped for the nearest well-reviewed place to take my taste buds.  At first I thought it'd be close enough to just walk to.  Silly California girl that I am.  As soon as I stepped out onto the hotel driveway, I slipped on ice.  In front of bumper to bumper traffic.  Sad FACE!  I immediately scrapped that idea and hopped into the nearest cab for a 5 minute ride.  After making it safely (relatively) to the restaurant, I was immediately seated (I was having an early dinner).  The host was a little snooty but it is that kind of place and I was very underdressed.  My waiter, on the other hand, was super nice and... super happy. Maybe it's the Californian negativity but I was kind of caught off-guard by his excitement. Still, I appreciated his attitude, especially after the weird looks I kept getting from the host.I knew what I wanted to order as soon as I sat down (that's because I had examined the menu online an hour before) - seared foie gras (duh!) and the Eleven burger.  The foie gras was excellent and generous but the burger was huge (no complaints there) and really salty.  I'm not sure whether it was the veal or the bacon that was salty but it was over-seasoned.  Overall, great ambiance, good (not great) food, and good service.  Pretty impressed.
3	Nice interior. Great salad and appetizers well prepared halibut. Ok dessert. 50/50 shot on service. Either fantastic or abysmal from my two visits. Could use a little more consistency there.
5	This place was AMAZING! My family and I don't usually go to places as fancy as this, but we went out to a really nice dinner to celebrate graduation. We went all out - drinks, soups, entrees, and dessert. Everything was perfect.The food was delicious - I had a seafood sampler and it was some of the best seafood I've had on the east coast. Everything was prepared perfectly and all the flavors on the plate complimented each other perfectly. The soup I had as an appetizer was one of the most delicious things I have ever tasted. The desserts we had were also incredible (We had the molten chocolate cake, hazelnut candy bar, and creme brulee). I had the leven-ade to drink, and it was wonderful.Also, when the wait staff found out my family and I were there to celebrate graduation, they put a chocolate plaque that said "Congratulations" on it! The wait staff was also super friendly, personable and attentive. All in all, this was one of the best dining experiences I've had in my life.
5	I am giving this a 5 star review just based on our experience at the bar.  We were in Pittsburgh over my birthday with my family.  While waiting for my family to arrive my husband and I decided to grab a drink at Eleven.  It was happy hour and they were more then happy to offer the happy hour specials.  The bartenders were fantastic.  Our cocktail- a spicy tequila margarita was amazing.  It was one of the most refreshing cocktails I have had in a long time.  We wanted to stay, but had to leave after 2 drinks but we will definitely be back to try more drinks and food.
4	Mmm was that good! My boyfriend and I just finished up my birthday dinner at Eleven-What a wonderful experience! We had dinner reservations for 7 but arrived a half n hr early and were seated right away. Our watress was very polite and knowledgeable. We started off with some cocktails. I had Eleven Mules and it might have been the most refreshing, delicious mule I've had. For our entrees, My boyfriend had the eleysian farm lamb cooked med-rare..AMAZING. I had the seafood tasting with my salmon cooked med-rare and it was perfect. The scallops were so good that I wished it came with more than 1. But the meal itself was the perfect size portion. For dessert we decided to go with the white chocolate panna cotte which was recommended by our watress. We were not disappointed!  :) Can't wait to go back!
4	Food and service was outstanding. Very flavorful and presentation was exceptional. Unfortunately the front end folks had an attitude because of our appearance (dress). If you can get pass that every thing else is worth the trip.  Thumbs up to the food and service. Thumbs down to the arrogant stiffs  up front.
5	Could not have had a nicer evening!  Food was exceptional, wait staff perfect, easy and able to hear and have conversation with table mates.
5	It's reputation speaks for itself, but I"ll give an extra shout out for the awesome brunch I had yesterday.  The zucchini, mushroom and goat cheese omelet was outstanding, and the portions were well worth the price.  The prix fixe brunch option offers a choice of appetizer, entree, and cocktail or juice beverage for $29...and I had more than enough leftover to take some home.  The grilled stickies are out of this world...it was the perfect balance of salty and sweet.  An overall fantastic experience.
5	I feel at this point that review number 288 for Eleven is the reviewing equivalent of throwing a hot dog down a hallway, but I might as well throw my hot dog, er, hat into the ring.Located at the lower end of The Strip, my girlfriend and I had Eleven in our sights for a late bite to eat after seeing the Andy Warhol museum across the river. I was impressed to see the valet service out front, and it is probably my first visit to a pure restaurant that had that, mind you we walked here. The interior was gorgeous, with wooden beams running across the high ceiling, and a mix of cozy rounded booths and tables in the main restaurant area. A huge display of wine bottle towered above the entrance and iron work decorated the walls. I was surprised to see TVs over in the lounge area of a place this high end, but I think it just speaks to the sports madness of Pittsburgh. As it was my girlfriend's appetite that primarily brought us here (I was still fairly full after some pre-museum street food), I just chose to get a couple appetizers instead of a main, going with the beet salad with duck ham to start and then a pork terrine plate.The salad came very quickly. The duck "ham" was delicious; the mild flavoured duck paired well with the maple cure that it received and which also gave it a ham-esque taste as well. The cornbread croutons added just a hint of corn flavour and sweetness, as well as a nice crunch to the dish. The smooth Humboldt Fog cheese complemented all of the other ingredients with its richness and a hint of sweetness, while the molasses vinaigrette tied it all together with just a bit of tartness to cut through all of the other rich flavours and balanced it out. The pork terrine was like a personal-sized charcuterie plate, with a few slices of the terrine, pickles, baguette slices and pickled eggs. The pickled eggs were cooked perfectly, with no overcooked green-grey areas around the yolk, and a pleasing tartness to them. The bread and butter pickles were a good choice as I feel like dills would have made the plate as a whole too lip puckering. The terrine itself was delicious, similar to a mortadella, but much, much better; its smoother, less compacted texture and little bits of veggies mixed in were winners. Service was attentive and friendly over the course of the meal.If I'm ever back in Pittsburgh, I'd love to come back, although this time I might pull up to the place in style.
5	Any bar or restaurant can have good food or drinks. Any happy hour can have great prices. However, it is so few and far between that you find a bartender that is as knowledgable, friendly, and professional as Josh at Eleven! This restaurant is fortunate to have a bartender as kind and as hospitable as him. Both his food and drink recommendations were fantastic. All of the drinks were unique and refreshing and the oysters were extremely flavorful. However, like I said, good food and drinks can be found anywhere. It is the service that keeps guests coming in the door and Josh is the best in the business! I will most certainly be spreading the word!
2	We went to Eleven for my birthday the other night! While the service was excellent , my main course was a nightmare. The appetizers were great. However, my main course had steamed vegetables drowning in butter... I asked for just steamed! The next plate had an ice cold crab cake on it... I sent this back and settled on a plate of fruit... Which was lovely. The manager was apologetic as was the server... I certainly will think twice about coming back as these were rookie mistakes!
4	As a Big Burrito restaurant fan, I excitedly receive my birthday coupon every March and carefully decide which restaurant to return to or try for my birthday. This year, I chose to try Eleven with my husband.I did not put much effort into my outfit for my birthday and immediately regretted this decision when I walked into this beautiful restaurant. It's modern and trendy while still feeling classy and elegant. I wished there was a J Crew or Banana Republic next door so I could quickly buy a new outfit and redo my entrance.Even though I would have enjoyed experiencing the buzz of dining here on the weekend, we came here on a very quiet Monday night. When we first arrived, we literally had a large section of the 2nd floor all to ourselves. Our service for the entire evening was excellent! Our waitress was absolutely fabulous, and I believe her name was Liz. With an impressive restaurant space and excellent service, I hoped that dinner would absolutely knock my socks off. It was very good, but didn't absolutely blow me away. Though everything was solid and well executed, I did not have anything so delicious that I've been dreaming about returning to have those items again.We started with the Jumbo Lump Crab Crack, which was very tasty and had a nice balance of crab meat. My husband decided to go big and ordered the Prime Beef Ribeye. The cut of meat was enormous, but I thought that for $52 the flavors and tenderness could be better. As I had a free birthday entree coupon, I decided to have the Chef's Tasting Menu. The menu changes from time to time, but I had Tuna Tartare and Jubilee Hilltop Ranch Strip Steak. Sadly, I can't remember the 2nd course (even though I took a picture of it!). For dessert, my waitress said that I could order something not on the Tasting Menu, so I went for the Banana Cream Pie. Once again, everything was good, but for the price, none of my food was so incredible that I want to go back asap. My favorite item the entire meal might have been the Banana Cream Pie, which was beautiful, unique, and delicious.
5	Ate here last night with my Dad. We're from out of town and decided to try this place out and WOW, really really good! I had the tenderloin, probably one of the best I've ever had. The lamb taco appetizer was a weird combination but turned out to be delicious. Cool atmosphere too. Highly recommend.
5	EXCELLENT! Ask for Glen, he is delightful, honest and a very good and caring server. Good was great, had the gnocchi and the salmon. Both delicious. Cocktails were good too.
5	Our dinner last night was outstanding!  From the fantastic celery leaf gimlets, grilled Hamachi collar, and tuna tartar we had at the bar - to the wonderful tasting menu we had in the beautiful dining room - everything was truly spot on!  Our waiter was Brian - what a gem.  Chef Stevens is a genius - that dinner was amazing.  Amanda, the manager came over to check on us as well.  It's one of our favorite places!
2	Been eating out lots and lots and lots lately.   I have had such good luck with Yelp, but have had more than one less than positive experiences in the past few weeks with highly, highly recommended restaurants.  I hate to give a negative review, but if I had read anything close to what we experienced, I would not have spent a lot (a lot) of money at Eleven.I am originally from Pittsburgh and now live outside DC.  My husband and 2 sons (age 19 and 16) Went to Eleven solely based on Yelp reviews on a recent visit to Pittsburgh when we were able to take some time away from family events.  I love the Strip, so we  headed to Eleven which, Yelpers, sounded great  - people talked about cozy booths and wooden beams, etc... I was, therefore,  unprepared for the dark, stark, industrial nature of the place.  Yes, it is in keeping with the city and the vibe of the Strip, but I found the whole place to be loud, cold and impersonal.  Opposite of cozy.    The worst thing really was the odor that hit us as we entered.  Kind of a whiff of wet garbage, maybe?  All 4 of us smelled it immediately, and it was not inviting.  The hostess looked at us like we were crazy.  We had a drink in the bar. (There are TV's.  Why?  ISn't this a classy place?)Smell was in the bar, and in the restaurant but fainter.Honestly, I don't even remember the specifics of the food.  A lot of it was tasty, for sure. All of it was overpriced for Pittsburgh.  I've been in so many similar restaurants in major cities, I guess Pittsburgh is just catching up.  Maybe I don't like seeing the generic pretentious foodiness in a city that is famous for fries on sandwiches?  That's my problem, for sure.It was expensive, by any measure.  I was actually angry I spent so much on an experience that would have been considered highly average where ever it was.Is this a chain?I would give it 2.5 stars.
2	Overpriced and slow. If you order the seafood tasting, they will ask you if you want one of them to come out first. This is a trick. They charged me for a crab cake appetizer, instead of just bringing the crab cake out that comes with the entree.
5	My waiter, Josh, helped me decide right off the bat that I wanted to sample a little of everything and take advantage of your small plates. He knew the menu extensively and took the time to explain everything to me. The edemame was different than any I've ever had (old bay, lemon juice, BACON!) and the flavors surprisingly complimented each other very well. The tuna tartare also had an amazing flavor combination.Overall the plates were filling. They were all served within 5-10 minutes of me ordering. The service is outstanding. The best part? It was a truly enjoyable experience.I will definitely be returning with employees and customers alike. Thank you!
5	My favorite place in Pittsburgh.  Every time we go it is amazing.  Fully wheelchair accessible on the first level, extremely accommodating.  I absolutely love this place.
4	My husband and I choose Eleven to celebrate our anniversary. I requested a private/quiet area of the restaurant when I made the reservation. We were a little disappointed when the hostess took us to our table, which was outside of the kitchen...not the most quiet part of the restaurant. When our server came over, we politely asked if there were any other tables available b/c we were celebrating our anniversary and were hoping for something a little more quiet. She confirmed with the hostess, no other tables were available. We didn't make a big deal about it and thanked her for checking. I don't know if she naturally doesn't have the most pleasant personality or if she was immediately annoyed with us b/c we asked (nicely) for a different table, but our service was blah. We ordered a bottle of wine. After she opened it she just set it on the table. I don't know if that is common practice at Eleven, but in my dining experiences, the servers always pour the first glass of wine. We told her a couple times we wanted to take our time but we still felt like she was rushing us. We told her at the beginning we were celebrating our anniversary, a simple " Happy Anniversary" to make your customers feel special would have been nice or even just smiling every so often, but it seemed like too much of a chore for her to be pleasant. The only positive about our server is she was helpful with our questions. We were pleasant to her, and smiled and said thank you and please, but she never warmed up and seemed annoyed with us the entire dinner. Even after less than stellar service, we still tipped her 20%.  When I dine at a fine dining establishment, like Eleven, I would expect top of the line service and it was really disappointing our server wasn't able to deliver that experience to us. Service Rating 1-2. The good part of our experience at Eleven was the actual food. We started off with the tuna tartare appetizer. It was melt it your mouth delicious! My husband had the pork chop for his entree. It was thick and juicy. He really enjoyed it. I had the grilled swordfish which was served with clams and mussels. It was fantastic! Eleven certainly doesn't disappoint with serving sizes or flavor. Food Rating 4-5. Overall, I would recommend Eleven and I would be likely to return. I would only hope our service would be better.
5	Arguably Pittsburgh's best restaurant.  Excellent service and wonderful wine list.  Seth (who wears many hats, including most knowledgeable about wine) always gives us first class treatment.
5	I always enjoy Eleven for dinner, great drinks, meals and service. Never disappoints but some may find it pricey to enjoy on a regular basis. A great value is Eleven's Sunday brunch! For $29 you get a choice of cocktail or juice. The Cucumber Moscow Mule was so fresh and yummy! Choice of appetizer...from six fresh oysters to beignets something tasty for everyone and then an entree ranging from waffles, burgers, omelettes with bacon and so much more. All served with quality sides and attentive service. (Peet's coffee is so tasty too!) What a value! A great place to take visitors or just yourself. I have gone several times and like to keep Eleven's brunch in heavy rotation
5	eleven is one of the best dining experiences I have ever had. My boyfriend and I had the chefs menu for that evening, and the wine pairing. Delicious, and also a great wait staff! Can't wait to go back.
5	Fabulous food, great atmosphere, and incredible service - Eleven has it all. It's one of my favorite romantic date spots because of the intimate atmosphere. Plus, their tasting menu is out of this world. If you are looking for a reservation on Valentine's Day (which I highly recommend) definitely book this place as early as possible! It fills up fast!
4	The gnocchi dish was amazing!
4	While I can't say anything really about the food, I still did enjoy out quick visit to Eleven before we called it a night. I had originally cancelled my plans on coming here for dinner, and I am still glad I did. I really enjoyed the place we ended up going to instead, but it was nice to still stop in and have a drink. I also had half a dozen oysters as well. The place itself is bog with dark wood and nice lighting. It looks really expensive, but the prices aren't too bad. The oysters were nice and clean, and my cocktail while needing to be stronger had a nice taste to it. They have regular seating, and also some couches as well. We opted for the couch. It was very relaxing, and something we needed after a busy day. I would for sure come back to Eleven again if not just for a cocktail and app.
2	I tried the taster menu for $65. It consisted of 4 courses. I fully ate one, sent one back, the third was over peppered and I decided not to wait on the desert. Staff were pleasant, but the kitchen does not have control over their sauces and as a result the food is overly spiced or burnt. They were good enough to refund the two beers I had however as recompense.
5	Was in Pittsburgh for a weekend, ate here and it was fantastic. Food was delicious, staff was super friendly, and the ambiance was prefect. The yellowtail sashimi was outstanding.
4	Would it be a backhanded compliment to say that this place is pretty cool for Pittsburgh?It's kind of a passed-over location at the edge of the Strip close to downtown, but that doesn't seem to diminish its popularity. And it makes for a quick walk from a lot of hotels.For a solo meal at the bar, this was a pleasant place. Long list of spirits, with a mix of the generic and considerably better options. The Eleven burger is a truly excessive concoction of burger, braised veal, bacon, onions, goat cheese, and a bun that managed to hold all that together without overwhelming the thing with starch. Awesome.I'd like to come back for a real meal, but why do that when there's the option of having a scotch and burger at the bar?
3	Eleven is one of those places we frequent for happy hour on the way home from work. We've tried nearly everything on the happy hour food menu (updated on a fairly regular basis) and I've been a big fan of everything. Currently, the shishito peppers are a great option. They're not too salty or oily, and garnished with just the right amount of manchego. I'm not into the dipping sauce that accompanies them, but that's purely preference, as the peppers are good enough on their own. The mussels are usually excellent, with an ever-changing broth that pairs well with the daily bread varieties that the servers will offer. For $6, you really can't go wrong. Same applies to the happy hour drink specials...I definitely recommend the Eleven Mule!We've also tried both the tavern menu and dinner menu, but honestly, neither blew me away. The Eleven Burger is highly-rated by so many people, but I honestly didn't like it...at all. The burger, itself (ordered medium), was just chewy and I couldn't taste the meat under the excessive pile of toppings. I could barely get through the bland onion straws that overwhelmed everything...including the blue cheese. Such a disappointment. I'm hoping to try the lamb burger soon, as we often see it pass by, and it looks excellent. Also, as someone from Baltimore, I should've known better than to order the crab cake sandwich. A lot of bread, a tiny amount of crab cake (looked like claw meat, as well). Poor choice on my part, but at a place like Eleven, I really expected a more impressive effort.The dinner menu is a bit stronger, but it'll hit your wallet pretty hard. Is it worth it? I'm still undecided. I tried the lamb chop (which doesn't seem to be on the current menu). It was good, but dry, which is probably one of the reasons that I haven't been tempted towards the dinner menu again. They did have an excellent tomato salad (also not on the current menu), which is actually what convinced us to stay for dinner in the first place. The atmosphere is definitely fitting if you're looking to impress on a date or business dinner, and the staff is excellent and usually very nice. The menu reads as fine dining, and certainly is priced as such, so come prepared to spend quite a bit. As mentioned before, our verdict is out on whether or not it's worth the cost, but I'm willing to try the full-on dinner experience again at some point. Until then, we'll continue to enjoy the excellent happy hour drinks and bites, nice bar staff, and inviting atmosphere. At a minimum, it's definitely worth stopping in for that.
5	Cool, contemporary American food in nice atmosphere with excellent service. The brunch at $29 is an incredible value. Plenty of parking across the street and only $5 valet. In the summer the second floor terrace is open as well as the garage styled doors in the lower level.
5	Had a work dinner at this restaurant with a large group of over a dozen. The food was tremendous and the service was exceptional. Well worth the prices.
4	Excellent high quality eats in downtown Pittsburgh. Great location, with excellent design. Service at the bar is great. Locally sourced produce and meats make this a must when visiting downtown.I had the seafood sambler...and requested a side of th roasted sweet potatoes.  Heavenly. Great wine a selection as well.
5	Great food and very good service! The baby kale salad is soft and tender with a yummy ceasar dressing amd the rib eye was veryyy good! I would come back anytime when im in the Pittsburgh area!
1	Wow. ... almost 15 minutes sitting at the bar with no service. I would fire both of these laborers if I managed this place. So,  finally got my first beer. .... finished it. .... and waited another 25 minutes while my empty glass sat on the bar. Unsat.
5	We followed the advice of the concierge at The Priory and had dinner at Eleven tonight. I am SO GLAD we did. I am stuffed! It was so delicious it was all I could do not to lick the plate. The menu changes nightly (although I'm sure there are some staples). I had the seafood sampler; it was divine. The dish this evening featured a seared sea scallop, a crab cake & salmon fillet. The last two items can be notoriously ho-hum, in my experience -- everything in the plate was fabulous. The crab cake was breaded on the outside & crabmeat on the inside. No mushy fillers! The salmon was sublimely crispy and tender. If you're in Pittsburgh eat at Eleven.
5	Husband and I had the chefs tasting menu and it's the only way to go!  Walleye and lamb were featured and the lamb was the best I've bad, cooked perfectly. The dessert of oatmeal cookies /brown sugar ice cream sandwich was to die for.
5	Excellent meal last night at Eleven. Many of us enjoyed the Chefs special courses with wine pairings. Good attentive service all the way around. We'll be back for sure.
5	Brunch and or Dinner - always a great experience!  In and around the city - one of the best restaurant experiences!  Breads are always a treat in this place. 5 dining experiences this year and nothing bad to say! Chef Bill does a great job with this place!
4	I have to update my review because I have been to Eleven a few more times after dinner and dessert. We went for brunch about a year ago and the food was just okay. I didn't find that anything was that special. Then this past week we went again for lunch and it wasn't up to my 5 star. I think that moving forward, I will just be going for dinner.
5	Eleven is a really good restaurant.  They always manage to please me.They have two menus.  The fancy menu and the bar menu.  Are you feeling fancy, then order from the main Eleven menu?  Are you looking to keep costs down or just want a nice burger, order from the pub menu?The restaurant is very nicely decorated.  The service is excellent.  They have an extensive wine and spirits selection.Have friends coming in from the suburbs?  They have valet parking.What makes them five star for me is the bread basket and the complementary caramel after your meal.  Their in house bread is amazing.  I usually forgo desert since I'm typically full, but the caramel is fun.
4	This litte restaurant is hidden on Smallman between the strip and downtown.  It has valet out front but there is a parking lot just across the street that you can use.  The interior is very nice but appears small.  The food is delicious and won't disappoint.  My wife and I had a date night here and had a great meal with wine.  I had the ribeye, which was mouth watering and flavorful.  My wife had the lamb, which was also very good.  You will end up dropping some cash for your meal but it was worth it and I would gladly do it again.  They have a nice bar downstairs that you go to before your reservation if you arrive early. It was a quiet evening for us, which allowed us to have a great conversation.
5	Eleven is one of my all time favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. I love the ambiance and the foods is consistently fantastic particularly the Eleven burger which us my favorite item on their menu. I always joke that if I ever win the Powerball that I'm going to buy the building and build a condo in the empty part so that I can go to Eleven every day. I have been here too many times to count since I moved back to Pittsburgh from Portland, Oregon in 2006. Portland had some of the best restaurants that I've ever had the pleasure of dining at and for me Eleven was of the same caliber of restaurant and was my introduction into fine dining in our fair city (I was younger when I moved to Portland so "fancy" in Pittsburgh for me was Houlihan's at that point - living in Portland really expanded and refined my tastes and palate). I particularly love the atmosphere in the lounge and my favorite time to go is on a sunny Sunday evening when they have the garage-door style  windows open and one can enjoy the Eleven burger while sipping a nice red from the carefully crafted wine list. I've honestly never had a bad meal here and recently went there last week for brunch for the first time with my cousins. We were in heaven!  For $29 you get a choice of an appetizer, an entree, and a breakfast cocktail. Most of us couldn't even finish our entrees after eating our appetizers and snacking on the delicious assortment of complimentary croissants and mini muffins. I would highly recommend Eleven for any occasion that is special - we had our work holiday luncheon here in 2013. It's great for Abby occasion and you ready can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Maybe I'll see you in the lounge some sunny Sunday in June!
4	Eleven has truly great food, and very good variety within the menu.  The place is not overly stuffy, but not overly hip either.  The service is very good and attentive, but not overbearing.  I've been to Eleven twice, and have had a great experience both times.
5	Quite the delicious place! This was the best meal I had on my recent visit to Pittsburgh. We went with a large group of friends (which they easily accomodated) for brunch.First of all, the service was excellent. Top notch. My biggest pet peeve is being thirsty and my drink was never empty! The waiter made some excellent suggestions. They brought out a perfect bread basket for starters - croissants, biscuits, muffins, a bit of every thing. The appetizers looked phenomenal. I had a bit of the egg toast and it was to die for. For my main course, I had the veal burger. Everything about it was perfect... It took all the manners I have to not devour it as soon as I tried the first bite. Perfectly done.The ambiance was great, too. We were in a nook room on the second floor, which was great for a bit of privacy.I also like that they were high end food, but had some options for the youngsters. They had a few menu options for kids, making it a great place for a family get together.Definitely a win from this trip. Can't wait to go back!
4	I am so pleasantly pleased! We came here for my grandma's 80th birthday. We made reservations ahead of time and I don't know if it's because our party of 7 was big so there was no where else to accommodate us or they knew it was for a birthday, but we were seated in like a separate room which was nice! We can be loud, especially all 7 of us together, so it was nice we were partially separated. Throughout the meal, the wait staff was really friendly and patient with us. Deciding took a while and since my grandparents can't speak English, we had to do a lot of translating with them but they all just stood by patiently and were helpful with our questions. The food was good! The steak tartare was good and so were the scallops. My grandparents both got the tasting menu and they got the white truffle tagliatelle as one of their courses. I got to try some and that was delicious. I loved it! For my entree, I got the ribeye. It was cooked well. The sides were good except the foie gras butter was a bit too strong for me. For dessert, we splurged. The brown sugar ice cream cookie, banana creme pie, creme fraiche brulee, and the candy bar. They were glorious. I died at the banana creme pie. I pretty much ate the entire thing. The rest were all really good. I think the candy bar ended up being a bit too sweet for me, but not bad. It was like eating a really thick fudgy piece of chocolate. It was good but too big.We had a lot of fun and had a great meal. Really good for special occasions.
4	I love stopping by the bar when they have the windows open and getting a dozen oysters and a cocktail.  Great, upscale environment and the food almost always lives up.
5	Let me say that I was on the lookout here... so many awesome reviews ... could it really be that great ??? Well I finally made my way here today for LUNCH.First & foremost the wait staff was attentive but not in your face, which I LOVE !! I was skeptical of this place since it is a "chain" (Big Burrito) which, by most standards does not bode well to a high end venue.   I am corrected here. Big Burrito chain does not immediately scream high end value, atmosphere and culinary wonderment however, this place breaks the mold.It is upscale in atmosphere, their wait staff are knowledgeable and dressed appropriately.  The bar is FULL and affordable and the place is inviting.Ordered the Eleven burger and seared tuna with greens salad; all were wonderful.The tuna was seared with a salad of cous cous & greens & was delicious. The burger was to die for served with fresh cut fries & cooked just as I ordered !!!  I could have eaten two.  I loved the food and the service here.  I am looking to make plans to experience the chefs tasting menu.  I read/hear its wonderful.As far as today's lunch, it was delicious and service was spot on.I will be back and recommend this establishment; even though it is a Big Burrito chain restaurant.  Kaya (Big burrito too) is horrible but this one (i hope) is trying to break the chain reputation.   So far so good because everything we had today was delicious !!We will be back.  Can't wait.
