1	I was quoted for fillings and made the payment at the time of service. Now they are billing and telling me their quote was off since my insurance covered a lowered amount. What is the point of the office verifying coverage amounts with the insurance company before service only to surprise clients later with a bill??? I specifically asked how much the procedure would cost and now this. They've lost me and the two in-laws I referred there as customers.
5	I had some "old" fillings replaced in addition to replacing one with a crown.Since this was my first crown, I was a little concerned about the pain once the "numbness" were to subside. Things could not have been better, I could chew like normal and apart from a little soreness in the gum everything was great.As to the financial part, there was no surprises and I was quoted what I eventually ended up paying. Highly recommended88
2	I'm going to give them two stars because they quoted me a price over the phone for an extraction, and after I got there they wanted to charge me twice as from what was originally quoted. They ended up doing a procedure that was less expensive than an extraction to help me get out of pain and also buy me some time so I could save up to get 2 root canals. The procedure didn't work and actually made my pain worse. I asked for them to pull at least one tooth out since I paid for a procedure that didn't work, and they wanted to charge me an extra 200 for the extraction. The dentist made me feel a little uncomfortable, as I know I have some issues with my teeth. He did a good job at making me feel very embarrassed. However, he did provide me with some pain medication which was very helpful. I was eternally grateful for that. Just wish they wouldn't quote a price over the phone and then make up some excuse when you get into the office to double the price.
5	This office is amazing! The office is really big and they have snacks and drinks in the waiting room. The whole staff is really friendly and the hours are super convenient. They were able to get my whole family(there's 5 of us!) in on a Saturday for cleanings. Lindsey cleaned my teeth and she did a really good job, we are definitely patients for life!
