2	I've been here about 4 times; the hygienists have always been nice and friendly, and they do a good job.  The latest one was particularly helpful and provided useful advice.  However, when the dentist actually came to examine me, his bedside manner was not very friendly; he appeared rushed and was a bit rough during his examination.  He seems young, and that's not a bad thing, but that may be a factor in his inexperience.  He also spoke to his assistant about me and my dental needs as if I weren't sitting right there in the exam chair.  Felt awkward and uncomfortable.  After the exam, I was then escorted to the special room where they provide the pricing for the dental procedures I need.  The pricing specialist was friendly and nice--that is, until I said I couldn't make an appointment for the $500 procedure I needed.  I just don't have the money right now, and I tried explaining that, but the mood sure changed when the pricing specialist realized I couldn't do it.  Yikes.  I realize that they're running a business, but this isn't the first time that I felt as if they were more concerned with getting my money than actually helping with my dental needs.  Unfortunately, I will probably return to Southwest Dental because it's close to where I live and appointments are relatively easy to acquire, but I won't go there happily, unfortunately.
4	Wow, so, this location is amazingly less terrifying/depressing than the Tempe location. I was desperate for an appointment to get a sore tooth looked at before I flew out of the country. I called every SDG location and Chandler was the only place that had an available appointment in my small window of time. So I drove the 30 minutes. When I got there, the waiting room had an average-sized group of people sitting in it. That was a good sign. The counter people were friendly and competent. That was also a good sign. The hygienist was friendly and personable. Even better sign. The dentist was also very nice, even though she saw me briefly... just long enough to say "I can't find anything wrong, but you should come in for a cleaning when you get back." (I was overdue for one, anyway). And to my surprise, they were able to make an appointment for a cleaning immediately. Such a far cry from the Tempe location. I no longer feel like I have to resort to beat-up dental offices with huge crowds and aloof staff just because I don't have dental insurance.
3	Right, so that cleaning appointment I made.... was not actually a cleaning appointment. Maybe SDG consistently hires counter people that don't tell you what the hell they're scheduling you for.  It must be in the job description. I came in expecting a cleaning and got "Oops, when we said 'let's schedule your cleaning' we MEANT 'let's schedule your comprehensive exam'... you have to make ANOTHER appointment for a cleaning." Ugh.Oh well. Still better than the Tempe location.
1	One -actually several - of the worst and most painful experiences in my life have been at SDG, both Chandler and Tempe. Thanks to this place, they actually instilled a fear of going to the dentist. My experiences at this place have usually been unpleasant, curt techs who lecture about not flossing enough, little time with the actual dentist, rushed through appointments. Just a few highlights: came in for crown prep appt after root canal (with SDG endodontist). When I complained of continued pain at beginning of my appt time, the tech took an xray - then left me sitting in chair, forgotten, for entire appt. time (one hour) while dentist took my appt. time to attend to other patients (turned out I had infection in empty canal, and needed a 2nd round of antibiotics). Claimed that he didn't know xray was done... Had to get a few fillings replaced, old silver one for white one. First one, the day before, I felt pain (enough to bring tears to my eyes) after drilling (not enough Novocain.) When I had the other one done the next day, I asked dentist (a different one this time) if he saw notes from day before, that I needed extra Novocain, as I was afraid of feeling pain again...his testy response: "So?" Then: "well, let's see if this works (the same amt I got the day before, which wasn't enough.) And sure enough - it wasn't enough (enough to bring tears to my eyes again). Don't expect much more than a cattle-call environment at this place; ; don't expect any real personal attention,; explanations (except when it comes time for the price estimate); heck, sometimes, not even a lousy introduction of who will be working on you today. Stayed here for many years, at least since 2004...these last incidents with the fillings, subsequent root canals, and complications, plus horrible experience at their Tempe location, ended it for good. They had no interest at all in why I left or in my concerns or fears (which all developed at their offices)...yet they continue to call me and leave messages asking to sign up for their in house insurance plan. Plus, I have good dental insurance; what they wanted to charge me out of pocket for a crown, my new dentist charged me half that out of pocket.
1	The scheduling staff and management are very rude. The aptitude of the dentist does not make up for the rude staff. I will never return.
1	This review is regarding the GILBERT location, for some reason that location doesn't show up on yelp.That office is complete shit. I have had the very worst experience with them. They don't give half a shit about their patients. I had a wisdom tooth removed and was in alot of pain. I tried calling for a prescription that would actually work and they gave me a run around. Would not help me at all. The girl at the front desk gave me the wrong number to the emergency line. When I finally got ahold of an on call doctor, he was of no help and was soo rude! Like I was bothering him. Hello? I'm a patient in pain. If you don't care about that, what do you care about? I really hate this place. I will NEVER go back again. Don't waste your time or money here. It's been a nightmare. I am going to try the Tempe location, hoping I will have better luck.
4	I've been to this office several times and not every trip or treatment was amazing, but overall, the staff was pretty nice and friendly. Marilyn is amazing! You want to just take her home with you she's so nice! Cleaning your teeth has never felt better than when she just tells her simple stories in her soothing voice as she works! LOL The front desk girls are young and a little inexperienced, but they seem to know their job and have friendly tones for the most part. Going to the dentist is usually not fun, but the office is clean, plenty of magazines to read, a TV, some toys for the kids and they are very good at following up to schedule future apointments and also at confirming them. Which is important. I've never really experienced anything bad at this location, so not sure where the negative reviews are coming from. I brought my son in also and they cleaned his little teeth too!
4	This was my first visit to Southwest Dental in Chandler but it was definitely one of by best dental experiences yet. I had no wait do to the number of dentist on staff and everyone one there was very professional, polite an talkative. The only negative I could say is the admin staff did lose my insurance info but now that I'm in their system it shouldn't be an issue again.
2	Their billing policies are inconsistent.  I got to the check out area and she said my bill was $789, I had been given a quote for much less.  So when I said that was not correct, she left and came back with a bill of $415!  My checkup was full of things I needed correction on... very inconsistent with what I was told 6 months ago.  I think they were just trying to drum up business.  The customer service there is minimal at best!
1	Rip-off artists. I only used them cuz they were on my (cheaper) dental plan from Aetna. They make stuff up that's wrong that's kind of iffy, that any ethical dentist would say, no, you don't need a root canal, but if you needed anything, we would try to take out the filling and re-fill it first.  They try to sell you this stuff cuz the insurance makes no $ from the regular cleanings and they have to make some $ somehow, so they fabricate stuff that's not ready to be done yet on your teeth. AND, this dental assistant was very rude. indian woman. Also, the other girl my son had--she was quite nice, but not too competent. she wrote the wrong info down about what work my son needed done! supposed to be teeth A & B, and ended up as 8 and 13 on their chart! so, when I went for a 2nd opinion back to our old dentist 45 min away, he said nothing wrong with 8 or 13! and when I called to let Southwest have it, the original dentist said it was mismarked on the chart and she said A & B.
4	First timer, I went in with the thought of getting a second opinion on dental work and after speaking with Dr. O'Keefe, I decided to have him do my dental work.  Everyone at the office was nice and pleasant.  Dr. O'Keefe appears to be a straight shooter and I like that.  I don't want someone sugar coating anything.  I am an adult and I want the straight scoop because I too won't hold back if I have issues with the process or end result.  For me, being direct works great.
1	Very unorganized and behind the times, as far as the office is ran.  They hand wrote a treatment plan for my husband based on our insurance that we have had for years (insurance has not changed).  They tried to charge us for xrays that they did, even though my husband had xrays done at his previous dental office. They informed me seven months after he became a patient there that they never received the xrays and charts from the previous dentist. What?!? I even had confirmation that they sent the forms and xrays and charts over.  My husband and myself even stated several times that he was coming from another dentist (due to location/we moved).  I agree with the other reviews, they are rip off artists.  Plain and simple, the office estimates way below what the cost will be for you, after insurance.  They come back later and state that you owe more money, they should know exactly what you should owe before the work is done and it is the responsibility of the office. I would not recommend this office to anyone, based on how the office is ran.I am not the only one who feels this way, check out the reviews at Better Business Bureau, they have had 34 official complaints in the past 3 years!!!!! If you read some of these complaints you will start to see a theme, most complaints are geared towards billing and the office wrongly quoting customers.
1	HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE experience.  Do not go.  I have been terrified of going to the dentist for years after going here.  I was so ripped off, sent to collections when they owed me $10 and was never paid the $10 they owed me.  After getting an esitmate that was about $800, they kept telling me I needed more and more work done on my teeth.  After $1200 I stopped them and started asking questions.  That's when they sent me to collections.  They just filled my mouth full of holes.  Don't ever go here.
1	I chose Southwest Dental Group because they were in network for my dental insurance at the time and have a convenient location between my office and my home.  When I called to ask if the office was accepting new patients, the not so friendly girl on the other end of the phone told me yes.  I then asked if I could schedule a cleaning and exam, and set an appointment for a Friday afternoon.Turns out this office does not actually set up cleanings and exams for the same day.  Too bad the girl who booked my appointment didn't bother to clarify this with me.  I took a half day at work on the day of my appointment just in case it took longer than expected.  All that I had done on my first visit was have x-rays taken (that looks like its from the 1980's and required at least 20 different images to be taken separately), and had the dentist look at my teeth.  Once the dentist finished his exam, the technician who assisted with the x-rays started to lead me to the front of the office to the exit.  When I let her know I was supposed to be getting a cleaning as well, she directed me to the assistant at the front desk (based on her attitude, I'm pretty sure it was the girl I initially spoke to on the phone).  She informed me that their office does not schedule cleanings and exams on the same since they won't have an idea of who to clean my teeth without the dentist first evaluating the type of cleaning I will need.  I was annoyed to learn I would have to schedule another appointment to have my teeth cleaned.  Had the office not already billed my insurance for the cleaning and exam (as they are considered one visit with my insurance), I would've gone somewhere else for the cleaning.When i came back for the routine cleaning, the dental tech cleaning my teeth spent the entire time trying to sell me on upgrade services like teeth whitening even after I told her I wasn't interested in the service at the start of the appointment.
1	My husband and I went to the Chandler office back in April and were not impressed. The staff was not very friendly, the office was outdated, and I didn't see a piece of modern equipment anywhere in the office. After getting xrays and having our teeth examined, they told us that there was tons of work to be done. They told my husband who has only had one cavity in his life, that he needed 3 root canals and all his wisdom teeth pulled. They told me that I needed 4 root canals, replacement of an existing crown and all my wisdom teeth pulled. In total, they quoted us over $5000 worth of dental work. We decided to get a second opinion. When we came to pick up copies of our xrays, the staff was exceptionally rude and hardly acknowledged us before shoving the xrays through the window and then dismissing us.We just went to the second opinion office tomorrow. It was a world of difference. The damage? Me: 3 fillings, wisdom teeth are fine, no root canals. Husband: 1 root canal, 2 wisdom teeth need pulling the others can wait. They quoted us work totalling a little over $700....yeah that's a big difference. Way more of a difference than one dentist being more aggressive and one being more conservative. This is just outright scamming. Save yourself, stay away from these people.
