4	They say Business Casual, but I noticed a few parties not adhering to the code. The food was great. Service was excellent, and a good wine list. The crab & shrimp roll appetizers were delicious. I also had the spicy lemon garlic seafood. The seafood was great, however it wasn't lemon at all. A bit spicy and garlic, but it was more of an oyster sauce. Jasmine rice was fantastic.
4	Definitely fancy and pricey...but I love the lounge area. Very comfortable specialy after sampling several of their "unrivaled" selection of specialty drinks. My companion particularly loved the Asian Sunrise, a concoction of Grand Marnier and other stuff...and Me? -  I was stuck with my half-yard Long Island Iced Tea from Caesars Palace.We were there for appys and the waiter knew exactly which drink complimented which appy. She knows her menu and was very prompt with her service.
3	A name like "Fusia" may be a literal "fusion" between the words "Fusion" and "Asia" and whenever those two aspects come together for food, expect an additional two words:  pricey and fancy (priancy).  Despite the fine-dining atmosphere, sophisticated menu design, one will see the occasional beach short toutin tourist walk in here and dine like its no big deal (which it probably isn't).  Service has never been a problem here, despite the hostess' pretentiousness during my first visit.  The staff has been courteous and very well trained on the contents of the menu and overall restaurant conduct.Sushi is prepared extremely well here, where the rolls are beautifully presented and taste nearly as good as they look.  However, should a dragon roll really cost $17.95?  I don't know, but at least it was a good dragon roll.  The Chinese fusion here is ridiculously overpriced as one of their specials would suggest:  baby bok choy over cod filet marinated in oyster/cranberry sauce with a side of asparagus and jasmin rice = $31.95.  The drinks are killer here, even with the prices they're extremely well made and make for a good precursor to late night Vegas events.
2	Service was good, but for the price I expected more quality. My wife and I arrived around 5:30pm and sat in the lounge area and had drinks. The waiter advised us that the full menu would be available by 6pm, but he gave us the menu to pre-order our food. As we were waiting I was on my way to the bar to order drinks, Crown Royal and coke, but the waiter stopped me and placed the order himself, I thought that was nice of him. So we sat around more and had a couple more drinks, same thing. We put in our order for the following items:Blue Crab and Shrimp Rolls, $14.00 - Julienne Pickled Carrot and sweet chili drizzle.Chef's Dim Sum Sampler, $15.00 - Pork Shu Mai, Shrimp Dumplings, Spiced Napa Cabbage Beef Rolls and Dipping sauces.Before our food arrived the waiter brought us a couple more drinks and as the food arrived we were finishing up our 2nd drink each, the drinks were stiff as hell and did they're job good. As the waiter laid the food out we chatted it up about how nice the place looked, snapped a few pics and then we started on the food.The Crab and shrimp rolls, was okay. There was no hint of crab or shrimp, it just tasted like an everyday egg roll from a decent neighborhood Chinese place. For the Dim Sum was also just okay, I wasn't impressed Chinatown in SF has spoiled me. So I think the only thing I can say is for $15.00 I was expecting a lot more flavor than what was given. I knew we should've stuck to our first choice of the Korean style spare ribs, damn it. The reason we ate here was because we were given a $30.00 voucher for dining at Fusia. So I figured we just order appetizers and a couple drinks and we'd make out like bandits on the price...damn I was wrong....the bill ended up being $86.00....W T F ? !2 Appetizers $304 Drinks $56 ?! ?! W T F ?! Okay I've been to Vegas and know it's all expensive...but damn! At the Luxor I've only had drinks on the floor over a roulette wheel so I wasn't aware of the price of the drink I was getting. Earlier in the day the wife and I were at Tropicana for the Bodies exhibit(Cool displays btw) and I ordered 2 Crown and cokes and paid $12.00 including tip, so when I got the bill at the Luxor and found that the same drink was a little more than double the price I was a bit shocked. Oh well, it's all good, next time I'll just dine at the buffet or have a Nathan's dog, those are good.
4	We found the food at Fusia to be great and not as expensive as E&O Trading company for a much better variety of  food  so we were pleased. Their drinks were expensive $13.50 for chocolate martini but then again I was buzzed by the time I was halfway through it. I was surprised that the restaurant didn't have it's own restroom which kind of sucked as I had a major buzz and had to stagger  through the casino to the restrooms like a lush.
4	Fusia does fusion right.  They actually fuse together flavors in a pleasant way.  The food looks good and most importantly tastes great.Vegetarian Rating: 4/5Good Selection on the menu and willing to modify any other dishs (ie replace with tofu)
3	My boyfriend and I went there because we had a $30 dollar voucher. Oh goody.  The food was alright, good but not exceptional.  The decor was very nice, and when we went the restaurant was empty.  We did not try any of their drinks, because we thought 15 dollars drink....yea...I don't think so. We had the Duck Spring rolls with Mandarin Relish, which were good and refreshing, but not intensely flavorful.  I had the Mongolian Style Wok Beef, and he had the Spicy Cashew Chicken with Bok Choy.  They were both very good, but not in my opinion worth the price.  I've had better.  All in all, it was good but I would probably not eat there again as there are many more places to explore on the strip.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by Fusia. After the rough check-in process (see my review) at the Luxor, I wasn't hoping for much at the restaurant. However, I was delighted with the service (A+), menu (A), and the quality of both the beverages and the food served at Fusia (A+). While the price was not low, it was by no means outrageous and I felt it fit the quality of the food.My girlfriend and I started off with plum wine--which is so hard to find at most restaurants, at least in Dallas. It was delicious, and reminded me of my stay at a traditional ryokan in Kyoto.  Next we worked on some of the signature cocktails: I had the Singapore Sling, if memory serves, and my friend had a tropical cocktail which she slurped down with gusto.We were starved, so we bypassed the starters and went straight to main course dishes. I got the California role and the Special Fried Rice. I was, as mentioned before, pleasantly surprised. The Cali Role was notably fresh, and the crab was, as it should be, REAL crab, not that imitation "crab" made of whitefish. My fried rice was to die for. Not since I lived in Malaysia, have I had fried rice taste truly down-home Malaysian style, and Fusia's fried rice was just what I had been looking for! My friend got the Thai Style Wok Beef, and despite the presence of udon noodles, not her favourite, she loved the meal and picked every piece of beef, onions, etc. out. I'm pretty sure you can order this dish with egg noodles in place of udon, but in the end she didn't mind at all and was satiated.We arrived about 45 minutes late for our reservation, but that was not a problem at all, and we were seated immediately. The staff and manager were excellent, reflected by the service and positive atmosphere.  The only thing that was a tad awkward about our meal at Fusia, was the lack of patrons.  There were many empty tables, but that was in no way a reflection of the service or food.
4	Another fusion restaurant...I was expecting mediocre at best.  I've eaten here before and was not really impressed.  However this time it was completely different.  The appetizers were not very good and the drinks were very mediocre.  However the sear tuna was incredible, just really yummy.  One of the best part of dinner were the oyster by far.  they feel as fresh as can be.
2	Can't say that this place was much more than just another fusion restaurant.  All that was really good were the lettuce wraps and fried rice.  The remaining Asian dishes weren't fusion enough to avoid comparison with authentic Asian cuisine...which would have cost us 1/3 the price.  The part that was fusion, was the un-Asian like sized pieces of meat that were overcooked and lacking significant flavor, particularly the chicken.I would have given this place 3 stars on account of the two good dishes I mentioned earlier, but the service was fairly slow and the prices were fairly high for what we got.  The dining room was attractive, but I seriously expected better for the price.Unfortunately, I don't go to Vegas enough to recommend any Asian fusion restaurant in particular.  I would say just go to a steakhouse instead.  There are plenty of good ones in LV.
3	Very tasty! For the main course, I had red wine braised Bone-Less "Australian" Kobe beef short ribs. It is crispy Kobe bacon, roasted root vegetables and gingered mashed potato with red wine sauce. The dessert was alright, but the ambiance was really nice. Good drink selection too.
3	I stayed at the Luxor and was really excited to spend my "Dining Credit" so I selected Fusia.I really looked forward to the dining experience....After dinner - I was not sure about how I felt about the experience ....So I stayed a second time and once again I wisely used my "Dining Credit" for Fusia.So, I've eaten at Fusia twice ( I don't think that makes me an expert )and now  I am sure about the experience........It is not impressive.I wanted it to be impressive.The decor of the room tends toward impressive ....I just don't think it is .......Maybe they didn't like me because I dined alone ......Maybe they thought  I was strange ....... because I ate alone(strange in Las Vegas ???)Perhaps I took away from the ambiance of the room ??Maybe -  I thought their service pattern was strange......I just know for the most part they ignored my existence .... The waiter came over and took my order......and then the minions took overthey were great.......my waiter looked on in another room .... with a few furtive glances in my direction .... then showed up again 3/4 hour later ....at the end of my meal.He was not great.The vodka cranberry with a splsh of Chambord was nice.I thought the Blue Crab and Rock Shrimp rolls were very good.I thought the presentation of the Short Ribs was very, very nice.I enjoy beef - it  was very good, very tasty.I really wanted this experience to be greatIt was notIt was O.K.I walked out with the feeling  "what am I missing here ?"
4	My girl and I had a great experience at Fusia. We saw Fusia as we were exploring the Luxor and decided to eat there for a late lunch/early dinner before we headed out to the Strip for the evening. The food was delicious and our server was one of the nicest we ever had. His recommendations were spot on as well. The best part was the appetizer. We had an order of tuna tempura which were cooked to perfection. I doubt I've ever had tempura that was as good as I had at Fusia. Next time in Vegas, we will definitely stop at Fusia again.
1	This restaurant is terrible - one star is too many.  We went and tried the shrimp/crab rolls, the chicken lettuce wraps, the plum wine, and the surf and turf roll.  The plum wine was good and the surf and turf roll was also okay.  The shrimp/crab rolls and chicken lettuce wraps were a hodgepodge of flavors (not a good fusion at all!).Also, everything was very sweet and served quite cold (we sent back the lettuce wraps - and they were better hot).  What will take your breath away is the price (our meal was $80!).  High prices for fantastic food is okay.  But high prices for terrible, sweet, cold food is annoying.  The rest of our trip, we kept commenting that anything would be better than Fusia (e.g., China Panda, Fatburger, even McDonald's) and would have given us another $70 to gamble with!  If you want good Asian food, try Tao, Sensi, or even P.F. Chang.
4	Food was good, service was great. We got the mogolian beef, shrimp something and sushi. Fusia is beautifully decorated, a great expierence. The hotel it's in wasn't nearly as pleasing...
3	I don't know how I feel about this place. The waiter and busboy really creeped us out. They were making strange comments to us, almost being pushy and over friendly when they did not need to be. When you walk in you would think for the price they really need to modernize this restaurant. Carpet looks typical Vegas buffet, decorations look boring and restaurant looks as if you are eating at some cafe in Vegas (you know the ones they have in every casino that are open 24 hours where people go in the middle of the night). Also the restaurant is a pain to find. We parked in valet and walked around forever until we found it. We were dressed up to go to MIX and def got alot of stares (overall this casino seems very family oriented and alot of older people unlike at other casinos we would look fine-such as Planet Hollywood, Palms, etc.)  I would not go here before going to a club, you will feel out of place. This is more of a restaurant you would go to if you are staying at the Luxor and really don't want to go anywhere else. Anyway on to the food. I ordered chilean sea bass. It was good-not the best I've ever had. I don't know if they flavored it with anything. It was very plain. For me it was ok, but it was around $30 just for the fish. I would think for that price they should do something special with it (like at Little Buddha-they fancy up the fish).Dessert was the best part of the meal. I would come back for the dessert-it was that good. The 3 stars are simply for the dessert!! mmmmm cinnamon monkey bread!!!!  It is baked cinnamon crusted brioche with macerated fruits, bourbon caramel and chocolate sauce (which you pour over the dessert--heavenly!). We asked for it a la mode.
