4	I just loooooooooooove their flatbread sandwiches. Also the fact that you can get really creative and pick your own unique combination makes it very interesting. They've got quite a few ingredients and dressings to choose from. So plenty of opportunities to mess up as well!
4	Cosi makes a darn good flat bread sandwich, and their salads are great too (so I'm told). The atmosphere is very modern and minimalist. So, although they have free wi-fi, this isn't the place to try to find a comfy couch and surf the 'net all afternoon.It's a great spot for busy young professionals to rendezvous downtown for a tasty lunch date. Or just a casual lunch with friends with a discerning palate and thin wallet.
2	Various friends of mine have told me that Cosi makes good sandwiches, but at best, I find it mediocre. Not that they're bad sandwiches, but I feel that they lack a bit of character and taste -- The sandwiches I've had just seemed too cooked and also seemed to be lacking a bit of a fresh/raw element as well as a couple condiments. I also find them a bit too tiny for the price. Ah well.
3	I love the flatbreads, be it in their sandwiches or pizzas. Good location, free wi-fi, unlimited drinks, relaxing atmosphere. I love the melted sandwiches, especially the pesto chicken sandwich. I also enjoy the bufallo chicken pizza as much. My only complain is that they are too generous with their sauces sometimes, which kinda ruin the pizza and the delicious taste of the flatbread. The prices range from 6-7 for the sandwiches, slightly more for the pizza; which, I must say, a bit too pricey for the types of meals.
4	After spending the morning protesting up on the square, my friends and I trooped down State street looking for food so we could continue protesting.  Cosi was a good place for us to land up.  The food was hot and very tasty.  I had a small cup of the spinach and artichoke soup which was creamed - honestly, it would have been better if it was not creamed.  I also had an Italian sandwich that was great.  My bill was about $10.  They delivered the food to our table.  The music in the restaurant wasn't loud and the servers were friendly.  As a casual dining chain restaurant, it's pretty good with better than average fair.  I will definitely go to this and other cosi's again.  For a quick bite (though we weren't rushed to leave), it's a good restaurant to go to.
5	Cosi has great food. The first time I went here I had a Squagle, their take on a bagel and it was excellent. The cream cheese was super creamy and it was one of the best bagels I have ever had. Today I went there for lunch and tried the California Shrimp and Avocado Sandwich, it was outstanding. Also had their Greek Salad. They make it with chopped cucumber which I loved. I will definitely be back!
4	Chocolate cupcake - real good.
3	It's good reliable food. Just not very generous on their ingredients. The overall portion sizes are good but the ingredients on their salads and pizza's leave something to be desired every time. Good flavors and a great eating environment. Good for studying or reading as well. I'd consider this more of a "coffee shop" style place with good food and if you compare it to a cafe instead of a restaurant it's a 4 stars, but it just doesn't quite fit the cafe description so I must leave it at 3.5
5	I had to use the bathroom before a long trip. I popped into various stores and eateries along the street, and I was disappointed with a "no" each time. Desperate, I stopped at Cosi and asked. Finally, a yes--no purchase necessary! On top of that, the bathroom was clean and smelled kind of nice.Thank you, Cosi. I love your food, decor, and atmosphere!(As thanks, I ended up buying something healthy.)
4	I was randomly in Madison for the first time ever and just wandered down State St looking for eateries, the outside of Cosi looked promising so I went in. It's adorable inside, great decoration and layout. I was there at a slow time, so it may not always be true, but the food was extremely fast. And very delicious. I had a toasty whole wheat pesto chicken melt, and it was all I could have hoped for.
3	Cosi is quite cozy when you're in a "rainy, cold, just missed your bus, screw it I'm eating pizza!" mood. Expecting another Panera chain experience, I was quite pleasantly surprised.  First of all, they are not part of the State Street nonsense that has a credit card minimum.  Thank you!  The decor is very warm like you're walking into an updated version of the show "Friends."  I love that you can see the giant mounds of dough being kneaded right in front of you.  I just feel more comfortable when I can SEE my food being made, you know?I ordered the margarita pizza and was again surprised.  The marinara was fresh and not at all 'out of the can' tasting.  Props for the fresh basil.  Fresh matters like, woah!  Nothing shebang wow different about Cosi, but a nice cozy spot for some tradish food.
4	So simple. So good. Why can't every city just have a Cosi by now?  Or at least Milwaukee; that'd be perfect.  Having been here a couple of times now, I consider myself a fan.  Between the pepperoni pizza and the Tuscan pesto chicken sandwich, Cosi offers tasty options for fast but warm meals without tasting cheap or unhealthy.  Me gusta.
5	We were driving through Madison and stopped here for lunch.  The food was great and it was a good value for the money.
1	Went to lunch there today.  I paid $11 for a old salad and a cup of soup that took me two bites to finish.  WAY overpriced for the quality and quantity.  Will not go there again.
2	I do generally like the food at Cosi, but everything else at this place is just terrible. Food is good but not spectacular... when I order a sandwich with a few ingredients and a sauce on it, I would expect it to be generally spread throughout the sandwhich... typically not the case no matter which one I get. For the small sandwich you get, it is WAY over priced. You get tons more at Panera. Plus, the service is so slow I don't understand how I'm waiting so long to make a SANDWHICH when there's hardly anyone else waiting. While I don't have too much to knock on the staff demeanor or food itself, customer service is so bad and the price so high I'd rather go most anywhere else.
2	I stopped in to get a bowl of soup on my walk home yesterday. I go the soup of the day, turkey chili, and it was definitely average. The flatbread that came with it was pretty bad. Everything was served in paper, even though I got it to eat there, which I thought was pretty weird. There are lots of great local restaurants on State St, and I don't know why I came in here.. I won't be coming back.
4	We've gone here twice now and enjoy coming here. The food is good and the prices are a little high but not horrible. Especially since we had a coupon from the Bucky book. Today I had the tomato basil soup and the buffalo bleu sandwich. Both were really good the only complaint I have is the bread was pretty salty today.
