5	Love these ladies! Flew my mom in to town for mothers day last year and booked us a photo shoot. We both had a blast and the pics were amazing!
5	This was the best thing I have done for myself in a very long time - Optionz is an all lady experience, which is awesome makes you feel comfortable. I felt like a million bucks looking at my photos.
5	Awesome!! Awesome!! Awesome!! Professional and Fun!!! Every Girl should Pamper themselves and Experience this Fantastic OPTION!!(z) Looking forward to another shoot soon!! Loved it! These ladies are the Best at what they do!! ;)
5	I have seen the groupon a few times and I finally bought it and I am so glad I did . It was such a great experience. I have never done anything like this before so I was a little apprehensive but they made the whole thing amazing. I am so glad I had them do my hair and makeup, I looked great. The makeup/hair stylist did such an awesome job and was beyond friendly. Having the styling coach was such a plus, she helped with everything and was also wonderful. The only thing I can say negative was that the actual photographer wasn't the friendliest person. She wasn't rude or anything but compared to the others she was less than personable. I still have to give 5 stars though because the other ladies made up for it and them some. I was able to view my pictures right away which I loved and they looked great even without editing. Can't wait to get them back. I would definitely recommend Optionz and I will go back again. Keep up the good work ladies!
5	I purchased a boudoir shoot from Groupon for the 2-Hour session.  It was easy to book the appointment and all the details you need are on the website as for what to expect (somewhat).  I've never done any type of professional photography shoot before, so I thought this was a great deal to try something new out.  I brought a few outfits but ended up using some of the items in their fantasy closet (a corset, shoes, and jewelry).  Upon arriving, I was greeted by Erica (the makeup artist/hair stylist).  She is very friendly and did a great job turning me into a glamorous woman with the look I wanted.  Just a note that she also provides makeup classes, which is on my list to do next.  After makeup and hair, you meet with another great gal (which I'm so mad I forgot her name).  But the fashion girl will help you pick out your outfits as well as coach you through the photo shoot.  The entire process for getting ready eats up the majority of time you are there because when the photo shoot happens, it goes by super fast.  So in two hours, I would say I spent 1.5 hours getting ready, and  1/2 hour doing the photo shoot.  Out of almost 200 photos, I only liked a few.  It wasn't Roxan's fault (the photographer), because she did a great job on the angles, lighting, etc.  I was just so nervous and uptight as well as at a loss of how to pose or what to do with my facial expressions.  So if you're super new to this, like I was, I would suggest you bring a flask or take a few shots of something beforehand and have someone drive you there.  You'll have a much better time and you'll probably let loose.  I definitely plan on coming back for a second round of pictures before the year is up.  These ladies are wonderful!
5	We did this for a Sunday activity for the girls for my sister's Vegas Bachelorette weekend- it was beyond AWESOME! I can't see enough good things about Roxanne and her all lady staff! Danielle did the bride's makeup and mine and we both LOVED it! Roxanne made our hair look beautiful and took the pictures. Their studios has some adorable sets and Ricky helped all the girls pick out clothing that was so sexy and flattering for each body! It was so nice have her opinion.  They all made of feel very comfortable and sexy while taking the individual pictures and we just played around for the group shot.  The individual photos came out gorgeous, especially the poses that they suggested, TRUST them!  The group shots came out very fun :).  The bride got pretty comfortable with vodka and didn't want to leave the shot she had so much fun!We will totally be back again next time we are in Vegas for more photos and for their makeup class!
5	I had a session at Optionz to celebrate my birthday. I am a more "seasoned" woman so I was a bit apprehensive before going. Words cannot capture my experience and the resulting photos. The makeup that they applied was amazing. The outfits that they selected for me were superb. (If you don't like the outfits, then you can select others.) I felt like a movie star during the shoot. There were only women on staff the evening that I was there.They made me feel very comfortable. The photographer captured poses of me that were jaw-dropping. I had difficulty selecting the three to retouch/airbrush. When I received the three airbrushed photos I was stunned at how beautiful they are. In closing, I felt so beautiful and feminine during my shoot. I cannot recommend Optionz highly enough. My three beautiful photos hanging in our bedroom are constant reminders. Many thanks to Optionz for easing me out of my comfort zone.
5	I had an unforgettable experience at Optionz!! The staff makes you feel so comfortable and my pictures and make-up came out to be amazing!! Highly recommend!
1	CONSUMER BEWARE! Its sad and difficult to write this review, but I think its important to detail my experience at Optionz: a business that unfortunately exemplifies the death of business ethics. You will NOT be given the "options" you deserve as a customer and a human being if you use Optionz as a photographer!The issue is simply this: it was only after the photographer, Roxanne, took my pictures, and I got home and opened the cd that included all the images/pictures taken during the photoshoot, that I saw there was a release included on the cd.I opened the release document .......and to my confusion and horror saw that Optionz claimed to own ALL rights to the pictures/images they took of me even though I HAD NEVER been given the option of allowing them to use my pics/images. As if it isnt enough to place myself in the hands of several total strangers for a boudoir photo shoot, a vulnerable feeling, for me definitely, and most women I imagine.....now I was faced with the ugly fact that, although I NEVER signed away rights to my photos to Optionz, they claimed rights to do basically whatever they want to do with my pictures/images!After seeing this chilling document, and talking to my brother, a professional photographer who encouraged me to just have a friendly talk with the Optionz staff because they would probably be open to giving up the rights to use my pictures if I told them I wasnt comfortable with them using the photos they took of me...... I went back to Optionz, hopeful this could be worked out in a human, respectful way.My second time at Optionz, going back to discuss my concern and discomfort, I spoke with Roxanne. I asked her if she would give rights of the pictures back over to me because I felt uncomfortable knowing that Optionz was reserving the option of using my pictures however they wanted to when I wanted to be assured my photos/images would remain 100% private. I didnt mention this to Roxanne, but hey....if I was doing a photo shoot for Vogue or something similar, I would understand they would reserve the rights to do whatever they want with the pics. But, a boudoir shoot for a private party? REALLY?!?!Afterall, isn't one of the primary benefits of using a "professional" that you will be professionally assured your pics are yours alone to do with as you so choose...and not someone elses property?Roxanne was curt and defensive, claiming that she took the pictures and therefore has rights to them. She told me she wouldnt use my photos, but refused to sign them back to me, again emphasizing that she owned the images/photos.Really?! Ok so, Optionz wont use the pics/images, but refuse to give up the rights to use them?! Then essentially, they CAN use them and Im just supposed to trust them, even though theyve already behaved in an unethical (illegal?) way up to this point by taking them without giving me a choice to begin with!If pictures of myself (or you, for that matter if you use Optionz as a photographer) scantily clad in an outfit we'd only want seen by private eyes end up on a bus bench or published wherever Optionz chooses, we will have Optionz to thank for putting ourselves in their "trusting" hands. Before I left Optionz, there was one more thing I wanted to do: tip the make-up artist. Here I will mention that the solitary ray of sunshine in my ethics-deprived Optionz experience: the make-up artist (so sorry, I forgot her name: a lovely, petite girl in her early early 20's with reddish hair) did an absolutely beautiful job with my make-up; plus she was very kind, and someone I admire based on the conversation we had when she did my photoshoot make-up.As I was walking out of Optionz, after tipping the make-up artist for her work on the day of my photoshoot, Roxanne reminded me to email her the photos I wanted them to edit as a part of my photography package I purchased......I left quietly; I had nothing else to say to Roxanne, but I couldnt help thinking she was mad to think I would be interested in working with them any longer. I will find another way to edit my photos.Where were my options at Optionz?! I never had one. If you use Optionz, you will be at the mercy of Optionz. Thanks for the lack of options, Optionz.If Optionz decides to start giving ALL customers a release choice, i will gladly remove this posting; otherwise, I leave this in the hands of karma.......
4	I would like to write this review for the beautiful plus size girls who like myself, have finally found the courage to do a boudoir shoot. I wanted to look beautiful and sexy for my husband, because he changed my life in the best way ever.When I entered OPTIONZ , I was terribly nervous. After viewing OPTIONZ  gallery of beautiful, thin women, I was apprehensive, but that quickly changed. Danielle, who began doing my makeup was open to anything I wanted. She didn't try to persuade me into being made up into something I wasn't.She was fun and friendly and we had each other laughing. If you're picky about your hair like I am, I would suggest being able to quickly do your own.I brought in a few of my own things to wear and use as props. I strongly suggest viewing the galleries or coming in with an idea of what you want. It's not only easier on yourself, but for the staff as well.At this point, I wish I had had some wine to help me relax. I would have made some goofy little faces while wearing my husbands jersey and hat and I would have made duck lips while holding his guitar.  I would have smiled more.Roxan was my photographer and she made me feel like I was so beautiful. There was also a costume and photo coach and damn if I can't remember her name but she was awesome!!!!! Thank you love!With her brilliant idea of putting me on the leopard bed with my guitar and fishnets, and Roxans perfect angle expertise , they made me look thin, sexy and beautiful!It was a great experience and one I'll definitely do again.
5	I purchased 2 boudoir shoots from Groupon for the 2-Hour session for my daughter and myself. Neither of us have ever done anything like this. I was pleasantly surprised at how accommodating all the girls were. The make up and hair were done beautifully. We did not have enough ideas of what we wanted before we came in. I was a  bundle of nerves and that made the shoot a little difficult for all concerned but they handled it like the professionals they are.. Thank you Roxane and the posing coach was wonderful! I finally loosened up in just in time for the last shot.. The only issue I had was that the 2 hours flew and we did feel a little rushed at time of shooting since it took so much time to get make up, hair and then outfits figured out, Not their fault.. I suggest you know what you want before you get there for sure.  I will definitely be back, maybe they'll consider a "second timer" rate haha ;)  Thanks to all you lovely girls! You made me feel beautiful and that is exactly what i needed.. A+++
