3	I really want to try this place, but they make it quite hard.I have called several times around lunch time. They stated the food would not be ready until 1:30pm (too late for lunch)I called at 6:30pm on a Sat night, to check the hours. Alas they just "ran out" of food.How does one eat here? What is the secret ?
4	At least I was able to try this place.They closed at 7:30 pm on Sat. They had 3-4 veg options for us.  The mizir wat, doro wat and foslia were all great, served with the obligatory angera and a surprise, jalapenos stuffed with a tomato onion mix.The flavors were bold and spicy, this is not for people with weak pallets, but for ones that crave strong adventures.For two of us it was $10, so its a bargain.My few issues were, the ambiance, There are just three tables, large enough for 2-3 people each. some unused coolers along the walls and it was a tad warm inside. (so consider a to go order)Also the hours I would love to pick up lunch here on a weekday, if only they had some food ready closer to noon.Next time you want to impress a few guests with some bold exotic tastes get a to go order from here!
4	I would pass and see this little place just West of 18th Street on McDowell and think I need to try this place.  Well I did and I'll be back. A coworker and I had talked about taking on doing Ethiopian and today was the day. Calling ahead to check hours they let me know they were open until 8. Showing up at 7, I had 10 min before my coworker was to arrive. There are 2 small tables with 3 chairs each. A large drink cooler on one wall filled with a selection of sodas, juices and a set of store shelves with containers of beans and spices that separates the dining area from the kitchen. Greeted warmly by the owner/chef, he proudly let me into the plans for this little restaurant and a tour of the clean and spacious kitchen, fresh bread stacked near the oven and fresh injera in a container on a shelf. He painted a colorful picture of the restaurant's future patio and Ethiopian coffee ceremonies; roasting beans fresh in front of guests and preparing a clay pot full of rich strong coffee served in  demitasse sized cups. He asked if we would be doing meat or veggie/vegan. My coworker is vegetarian and he said, "I got you covered," and turned to the kitchen to begin preparation.  My coworker arrived and I let her know he was putting together a vegetarian platter. We sat and chatted as dishes clattered in the kitchen.  A platter arrived with 4 colorful dishes served on injera with a piece of rolled injera on each side.  We dug in, right hands, no silverware, as is traditional.  We were not able to finish, the dish between the 2 of us so we packed the rest to go.  All that was only $10. While parking is a little challenging the best place is in a parking lot on the west side of the complex.  If you blink you can miss the place. As you head east on McDowell as soon as you get to the artistic arch across McDowell slow, look north for the parking lot. If you pass the car wash and 18th Street you went too far. Now go check it out!!!
2	I love Ethiopian cuisine, and I especially love that they have so many vegan dishes. That being said, it pains me to have to rate this establishment as sub-par. It may have just been an off day. I arrived around 11:30am. We were the only ones there.  I ordered a vegan plate. I was advised I could choose 4 sides, so I chose Misir Wat, Tikel Gomen, Gomen, & Shiro (sp?). My lunch companion is a meat eater; she requested Doro Wat, but was advised they didn't have that today. So, make that 2 vegan plates. No problem. 40 min later our food comes out. I'm very patient, so I wasn't too bothered or upset by this. Then I tried to pay. "No cash?" she asked, as I stand with my credit card in hand. I simply replied, "No." She said that she didn't have the password. I didn't even ask why a password was needed to swipe my card. She called somebody, then informed me that he was on his way. Who? The password?? So we sit... A man arrived @ 15-20 min later, apologizing profusely. As he processed the charge ($20; $10 per plate), he chatted me up. He asked if it was our first time, and inquired how we heard about them. I answered accordingly. He then requested I rate them highly. Enter my side eye. I was ok with the hour it took to get and subsequently pay for our meal. But when you attempt to solicit unwarranted praise for subpar service, you've now picked my pickle, mister. You didn't even offer me a discount for the inconvenience. The food:misir wat & gomen were good, but I've had much better misir wat. Tikel gomen was undercooked. My cabbage was almost crunchyShiro (sp?) was ok. The portions of veggies were very small. And I eat small portions. There was a ton of injera bread though. Pity, because it went to waste. Again, maybe it was an off day, but I don't plan on returning to find out.
5	This place is tiny. Take your expectation for how small it might be and cut it in half. It's very easy to miss. Inside there are three or four two top tables, and that's it. If you go with more than 3 people it might be tough to find a way to sit. Just something to be aware of.Everything was perfect. When we arrived we were greeted by an extremely friendly guy. He made us feel right at home. The food was fantastic. It was every bit as good as Ethiopian I've had in Tempe, but the dishes were a little spicer and more defined. When we left he explained that he's running the place with the intention of having a carry-out/delivery operation. Our total bill for 6 entrees and two diet cokes was 12 dollars. Yeah... 12 dollars. He said that he has his kitchen set up so that you could bring enough food to feed 2 people 5 dinners for 30 bucks. Crazy. Next time I think I'll just call in an order and pick it up.
5	Best Ethiopian place in Arizona!! Reasonably priced for the amount of food you get!! Being Ethiopian myself and knowing how home cooked meals should taste this place has my vote!! Very authentic and Friendly owners!!
