1	DISCLAIMER:  This review is really for the PHARMACY portion of this Walgreens only.I must say, those heartwarming "hometown pharmacy" commercials you see on TV do NOT apply to this Walgreens.  Good GOD.  I believe they staple help wanted flyers to telephone poles and take the first unemployed shmucks that apply.  I do feel bad for having to say that, honestly, but sheesh.  There ARE two good pharmacy techs there, though, so that's their ONLY saving grace.  I just wish I could remember their names so I could give them their due credit here.  I realize I'm a perfectionist and have high standards, especially in the field of customer service, but shouldn't I at a PHARMACY of all places?!?One employee in particular @ this location (I don't know his name, otherwise I'd call him out) - he's the absolute worst.  He's lost  my prescription (yes, you read that correctly, LOST) by misplacing behind the counter somewhere MORE THAN once and lost my partner's Rx once (the only time he's had to use them since he never gets sick).  He never knows how to use those marvelous Rx manufacturer discount cards and once just looked at me and said "oh well, I'm sorry" to a prescription that would have cost me apprx $60, but with the savings card was only FIVE dollars! He asked me if I wanted him to ask someone else if they could figure it out.  STUPID QUESTION.  Idiot.  Etiquette would dictate he just DO that on his own w/o ever bring to my attention he didn't know what he was doing.The wait time here is almost always horrendous & a lot of that has to do with them being perpetually understaffed (and the economy cannot be blamed since this has been the case here for years).  I suffer from migraines and often have something called in from my specialist in Greensboro as a "rescue."  About a week ago this happened & they were instructed by the doc to fill IMMEDIATELY @ approx 11am.  Know what time I was able to pick it up?  THREE THIRTY that afternoon.  FOUR HOURS of pain LATER!  When I asked what the holdup was, I was just advised, in a rather curt manner, "well sir we've been busy."  Love that level of concern.There is a new Walgreens opening very soon @ Harris & Mt. Holly-Huntersville Rd.  That's about equal distance from my house as this one.  I pray that one will be 10x better than this one so I can say "screw you" to this hellatious pharmacy.  I would go a bit further to the one at Harris & Tryon, but sadly, they're just about the same (but they do get my business if I need something filled after 10pm).  If anyone has any suggestions regarding CVS or Riteaid (in the Univ/Northlake area), let me know - perhaps it's time for a new pharmacy altogether!I'd give the STORE portion 5 stars, but like I said at the top of this, I'm only rating the pharmacy.
3	I've stopped here to use the photo center to make prints and also develop some disposable cameras.  Never really had a bad experience - usually in and out in a couple of minutes so can't really complain.Also gone here to get some cards for presents and birthday occasions.  They have a good selection of Hallmark cards.  Just like any other drug store, they have a ton of other merchandise that changes during the seasons.
3	They've got your typical household/pharmacy type needs.  I was in and out in a jiffy and payed what I normally pay for those toiletry type items.
1	The Pharmacy is HORRIBLE. They have become slow as molasses over the years. I just had dental surgery and dropped off 2 prescriptions with a mouth packed full of gauze and was told it would take 1 1/2 hours. I asked if it could be ready any sooner and was told they'd do an emergency fill within 20 min. 1 hour later and I'm still sitting in my car waiting for the damn prescriptions as I change my gauze every 15 min in the car. I am done with Walgreens for good
3	I went into this store today ONLY to get the $2.99 milk special they had. So I naturally assumed that I would be in and out in 10 min or less. However, I get in, get my milk and I'm in line for more than 10 min.  There were 5 people in line and only 1 register open around 3pm. I efinitely would have thought it would have been a quick trip. Plus there's a CVS across the street that would have similar items. There aren't many Walgreens around, so it was convenience only.
2	They definitely had improve over they definitely need more room back there times you have 5/6 people in a confine space. Then they are short handed. Shift supervisor for pharmacy is needed!
4	They need more help in the pharmacy. I did not move my scripts over to HT. I have seen a change but I know when to go & when not too!
2	We have been using Walgreen for film developing recently, and so far they are consistent. Consistently wrong. Every order we have left for developing has been lost, delayed or done incorrectly. 6 out of 6. The only reason I rated them 2 stars is because they are trying to correct the issue, and have been apologetic. Hopefully they will get their act together quickly.
