5	I did a lot of research and visited a lot of schools checking out places to send my daughter for preschool. Inspire was one of a very few schools to impress us. I waited to do my review until I had adequate experience to comment upon, and she has attended there for a complete school year. I am amazed at the development and progress that she has made in the one year. She loves her teachers, and every day when we pick her up, she is so excited to tell us about what she learned. Most days, I feel (almost) like I have to drag her out since she wants to stay.Their new campus provides a really nice outdoor space, and outdoor space is a key part of montessori. I was glad to see the kids starting seedlings. My friends are all impressed with the development that this program has provided my daughter. This location allows them to also include toddler students (starting at 14 months). This will be great for us if our family grows.I find Ms Diana to be a professional that is very much interested in the growth and development of my daughter, and she has told me multiple times that her door is always open for me. Any issues or concerns that I have, had been quickly addressed to my satisfaction. All of the teachers seem to have the same philosophy, and have been happy to talk to me about anything. My daughter loves her teacher, Ms Ashley, and looks forward to coming and being in her class.I know that we made the right decision. Our daughter has grown and developed at this school. All of our family and friends agree that she has grown and developed. If anyone has questions, I'm happy to chat with them on my experiences with Inspire Kids. I truly believe that this is an excellent school, and highly recommend them.
5	We couldn't be happier with our decision to enroll our son at IKM.  It was a long drawn out process of researching, reading reviews, and visiting schools but in the end I believe we have made the best decision for our son. On my first visit to the school, Ms. Diana greeted me for a tour of the classrooms.  As we toured the building,  I was impressed that she knew each student's name and I saw more than one student come up to give her a hug or show her what they were working on.  I could tell that she takes a hands-on approach as owner.   I was also impressed by the beautiful and clean classroom environment.  The rooms are well set up to encourage the children to explore on their own in the true Montessori fashion.  It was better done here than at some of the other schools I toured.  Ms. Kim's class was busy at work - all of the children engaged in their own activities.  I did have an opportunity to talk with her and was happy to discover that she has 10 years of Montessori teaching experience. What also stood out to me about this school is that they put a great deal of thought into their aftercare program.  My husband and I both work full time and we needed a preschool that offered extended care for working parents.  At some of the schools I toured, the children went to a separate room to play with toys until their parents arrived.  Not so at IKM, they have a structured program with activities scheduled every day.  It could be a cooking activity, a science experiment, an art project, etc. My son loves going to school every day and his progress has been astounding!  At three, he is able to recognize sight words and sound out words and he is working on handwriting as well as basic math concepts.  More than that, his social development has improved.  He did struggle with sharing and had some aggression problems.   But the staff at IKM, especially his teacher, Ms. Kim, has been patient and loving, helping him to use his words and redirecting him to other tasks.  My son adores her and even asked if he can invite her and Ms. Dulce (her assistant teacher) to his birthday party!  We get weekly updates from Ms. Kim as well as twice yearly parent/teacher conferences.  I can email any of the staff at any time and always get a prompt response.All in all, this first year has been a wonderful experience and we can't wait to see what next year will bring!
5	I am still very happy with our choice on IKM for a school for our daughter. We have been with IKM since 2011, and we have been so very happy with how she has grown and developed. I love that Ms Diana knows all the kids names, and that so many of the kids hug her. It tells me that she loves the kids and that they love her too.  Routinely when we go to leave, I have to wait for my daughter to give all her teachers hugs. My friends routinely tell us that she is doing work above her age.
5	We are future kiddie and we conduct our computer class (after school program) over IKM for couple years now.  I can honestly say that the school holds & delivers a very high standard for the academy learning on their students.  As an educator ourself, we are very impressive how much IKM's students have learned at the school.  I was also impressed by the clean neat classroom environment being set up.  The rooms are well set up to encourage the children to explore on their own in the true Montessori fashion.  It was better done here than at some of the other schools we conduct our classes.  IKM really offer their uniquely designed montessori teaching to help their students to be a better learner.  I will highly recommend IKM to families who are looking to expand their child's learning.
