5	Located in the space formerly occupied by LGO's short lived Radio Milano, the north side of Campbell has been reincarnated as the Arcadia Room, a private dining facility operated by the aforementioned restaurant group.I dined here recently for the hubby's work dinner. Unlike so many private facilites that feel like a corporate conference room, the Arcadia Room is a cool, casual, restaurant - all to your self.We had about 60 in our group, and had plenty of room to mingle at the sleek bar lining one side of the room, or gather by the open kitchen.The weather was blazing hot when we were there, but there is even a lovely little patio outdoors for guests.I think this would be an ideal location for any work or social occasion where you want an intimate atmosphere combined with reputable fare.
5	What an awesome place for a private dinner!I recently had the pleasure of attending an engagement party at Arcadia Room. Not only does the setting provide the perfect ambiance for such an event, but the room comfortably fit about 80 people, with some room to spear.  The food was just decent, but words cannot describe how friendly and accommodating the staff went out of its way to be.If you're planning something along the lines of a rehearsal dinner, or looking for a spot for a company christmas party, I highly recommend the Arcadia Room.
4	I can't really judge the food all that much, but came here for a private event. There were food items like antipasta and flatbread pizzas. The food must have been out for awhile because it was cold. There is a nice bar set-up so I could see this place as a great place to hang out and have dinner. The location itself is great for a private event. Parking is limited but there's street parking.
5	I just organized my wedding reception there.Everything was perfect. Food was amazing. Stuff friendly and efficient. The place is beautiful and with candles and dim lights looks so good. We did not need many decorations other than centerpieces.
5	In November, 2012 my daughter's wedding reception was held at the Arcadia Room in Phoenix, Az.  From start to finish everything was seamless.  Jane Clark and the LGO Hospitality group worked with us and provided a beautiful venue, delicious food, and a great beverage selection.  No request was denied and every question and/or concern was answered with our vision of the reception in mind.  We received so many compliments from our guests and a genuine interest in the venue for future events.  I would highly recommend both the Arcadia Room, Jane Clark and the staff when planning your upcoming event; you will not be disappointed.
