2	You all know KFC. You should be able to walk into a KFC and know how everything is going to taste. It's cookie-cutter food. That can be a comforting thing.This has been my neighborhood KFC for about 5 years. Every time I've visited this shop, they're out of what I want. Every single time. My order is simple, two lousy pieces of original dark chicken. Their baseline chicken. The very chicken this chain was built upon. I've never been able to walk in to this store and get it. Ever.The people are usually friendly, the dining area is usually clean, and the service is fairly quick. They just never seem to have their basic food available upon request.So tonight I tried their new grilled version. Meh. Plus, the macaroni and cheese chain-wide has at some time changed. I'm not a fan of this new mac/cheese recipe.
2	I thought should i even review this place? but the loving public needs to know I hit the drive thru window after a long day at work(are'nt they all) I ordered the 8 pc w/ the usuall sides in this case mash potatos w /gravy mmmmmmm gravy /coleslaw when i got home  I opened  the bucket ,at the bottom of the bucket were 8 sad pieces of chicken the 2wings and 3legs looked like they were from a piegon based on there size 2 small breast  and 1 thigh .......and i guess i got the new grilled chicken not the original or xtra crispy not that i was asked .....it was'nt terrible but for 18bucks I think i could have gone to albertsons and got better looking chicken w all the sides for alot less.
1	ok i went there again in a rush need something quick hit the drive thru the sandwich was of course chicken w/lettace and tomato the person working at the drive thru window informed me this location does not offer tomatos wtf fine give me the fricken chicken sandwich w/out the frigin tomato .......................................UNBELIVEABLE
1	I love good fried chicken. You know that juicy steaming bird that you can not put in your face fast enough? Well this unfortunately is not it!! I wrote a review a while back about this place and I guess the yelp gods decided to remove it for some reason but oh well. The sad thing is this chain used to be a lot better but seems to be trying to cut corners just to squeeze out a few extra dollars of profit. Little do they realize that people are starting to make or seek out real food.Speaking of the food here the quality has gone way down. Where they once took pride in what they offered now the focus seems to be on how can we top the double down sandwich? How about replacing dry, over cooked meat that in some cases looked burned and tasted like pure salt?  The biscuits here no longer have that rich butter flavor they used to, instead they were cold and hard like hockey pucks. Seriously is it to much to ask for fresh chicken and food that is hot? I don't think it is. But maybe the coronal just gave up the battle, and moved his troops out of the chicken war. The only problem is we are the ones that have to suffer though nasty fake grilled chicken and brown jello aka gravy.Not me!! Time to start making my own I guessR.I.P  KFC
1	Decided to try this one again after 6 months. Bad mistake. I went through the drive-thru yesterday and ordered a 16 piece family meal. Extra crispy. "Sorry sir. All we have is white meat in extra crispy so would you like to pay the extra for it?"  Huh???  How is that my problem that you are low on inventory?  My other option was to wait 8 minutes at the drive-thru for the chicken to be done so I gave up and got half original half crispy. Then at the window I see a notice that I'll be charged an extra $0.35 for using a debit card. I didn't think anything of it since I was charging it, not using debit...hence the visa logo. Low and behold they tacked the extra charge on it anyway.  I called visa and they asked for the address so they could look into their merchant account. after that I got home and noticed that my side of sweet corn was missing...even after asking the person at the window if everything was in there.  Sigh. Went back to the store to get my corn and the counter girl asked me if i was in today or yesterday. Showed her my receipt, listened to her tell the line team they forgot another item, then she gave it to me and apologized.  Nice to get an apology but after coming back after getting home it would have been a nice gesture to offer something extra. Got back home and noticed that there were no butter or honey with the order either.  At this point I gave up. Food was ok but nothing special. By the time I actually got to eat it the crispy and regular tasted about the same.  Guess I'll try again in another 6-12 months.  Place really sucks.
