3	Stopped in for dinner on a Friday night, before a Comedy jam occurred on the other side of the establishment. Comedy jam was fun.On the restaurant side, we ordered up some Alaskan Amber Ales on tap, fried mushrooms, pizza and a cheese calzone. +1 for having a good selection of beers on tap, including Alaska Amber and Sierra Nevada Pale Ale. Service was just fine.We didn't really dig the batter on the mushrooms, it had a grainy texture and just wasn't that appetizing. Cornmeal batter or somethin. We prefer the smooth, crunchy batter on fried shrooms.The calzone was just okay. The pizza we didn't like. It was one of those soggy bottom pizzas. Not my type of pizza. Crispy bottom please!It's a decent bar/restaurant and it's close to my home, so I'm sure I'll be back for a brew now and again.
2	This bar is in my hood and I really wanted to like it, but I just wasn't a big fan. I went on an evening when they had a comedian, but there weren't too many patrons at all. We went a bit early to get appetizers and drinks and I honestly could have passed. We ordered an appetizer platter of sorts with wings, mozzarella sticks and mushrooms I think and I didn't care for the way it was cooked at all, very dry. I wasn't expecting five star dining, but even for a sports bar the food wasn't quite up to par. The service was off too. The gal was really nice but didn't seem to have a clue. Every drink we asked about or menu item, she had to keep asking someone else. Maybe she was just new but it seemed more like she really just didn't know what she was doing. The patio area for smoking is a bit weird. It is in front of the bar and none of the chairs or outside furniture matched, it just looked kind of like someones back yard. Very odd. In all honesty I wouldn't have stayed if I didn't go to see the comedian, who at least made the trip worth it. I do have to give props that they chose a good entertainer and I have heard the bands that play there are pretty good as well. Maybe I'll return for a live band performance and have a better experience.
1	Unimpressed. Have been here a couple of times (forced to - the boss seems to think this is a better "team meeting" location than our conference room in the office, which I strongly disagree with). Music too loud during the brief spurts when either the waitress or a patron turns it on. Food takes too long to come out. Food barely average. Cougar waitress loves to try and sell you on their giant tabletop-sized pizza concept. No thanks. Also, too many TVs - all on one wall and all TVs were tuned to different channels, reminding me of Adrian Veidt's world monitor wall (in the Watchmen graphic novel). Just a dingy place that I recommend you avoid.
3	Yes, I can agree it is not perfect, but at least they are trying to do something different.  I didn't eat there and since I was a designated driver I only had soda.  I really enjoyed the stand up.  It is a great place to see some local performers start their career.
3	Came here on a Saturday night.  It was clear we weren't the normal people.  3 cute young girls walking in and everyone turned their head. We got approached 3 times before we even got a beer!  It's a great place to go on a night that you feel ugly!  We didn't stay too late we left just after 9.  There seemed to be a lot of fat chicks there and people age 35 and up were the most oft he group. I will come back an stay later to see if the people get better looking and younger! I did not make it to the side of the bar that had a band playing but when I walked by they didn't seem to suck super bad so that was good!
3	Ok, so a Wednesday night is probably not the best for a review, that being said, my first impression upon walking in was "should I be armed"? That was soon dispelled by the very friendly and quite shaggable bartender, she had a very positive attitude and obviously knew all her regulars.Overall, clean and a good atmosphere, looking forward to watching a band/ show here.
3	We stopped by after a jaunt to Costco around the corner.  It wasn't bad.  It's a nice local bar with decent food.  We happened to be there when there was an amateur comedy night which was an added treat.  If you're in the area and want to support local business, you should go.   We didn't eat the fish fry but everyone said it is to die for.My only advice to them:  Clean the men's bathroom.  Nowhere on this planet should something smell that bad of urine.
4	This is a fairly large "neighborhood bar" I'd say. It's split into 2 sections; the main area with a large bar, several tables a couple of electronic dart boards, 3 pool tables and a juke box in one area and the other has a stage where they have bands and other entertainment regularly. The food menu selection seems decent for a bar... we had the western bacon cheeseburger (they split it for my husband and I at no additional cost) with the seasoned fries. I very much enjoyed my meal and my husband did too. They had about 12 beers on tap and lots of liquor, however, they did not have any bitters to make the Manhattan drink my husband wanted. The bar tender/waitress, Summer, said it wasn't the first time someone had asked for one of those "fancy" drinks LOL... perhaps we'll have to bring our own bitters next time and show her how to make this fancy drink. My husband in particular seems to enjoy the outfits of the staff (aka Summer) on this Saturday night... sort of a school girl meets pin-up girl look. All and all we had a nice time - food was good, service was good.
3	Unfortunately I have to take my rating down from 4 stars to 3 on account of us going  here twice and being told "We don't have a cook so all we can do are these very limited items like chicken wings". This is supposed to be a bar and restaurant... it seems it's only a restaurant on the weekends after 6pm. Not sure what's going on with this place.
1	Today was the third time my boyfriend and I stopped by to watch football and enjoy wings and beer. Every experience we have had here is worse than the previous. Last time we were here we waited 45 to receive our food. While waiting we watched the waitress take our order to another table who said it wasn't theirs, so the waitress returned the food to the kitchen, 10 minutes later she figured out which of tables the food belong to and brought us luke warm food. Oh, the waitress only had three tables. The food is mediocre and not worth a 45 minute wait. The drinks are decently priced, but the wait staff is slow when they aren't ignoring you. Today's visit was worse than that! After seating ourselves in one of the few available tables (there were plenty of empty tables that no one bothered to clean so the next party couldn't sit) NOT one waitress waited on our table. We watched the wait staff cater to the NEPFC group on one side of the bar while completely ignoring every other patron. Even after standing at the bar for 15 minutes I was unsuccessful at BUYING a drink. The bartender served the regulars, NEPFC and made drinks for the waitresses to serve to the NEPFC. After 35 minutes of receiving no service, or acknowledgement we left. Even though we are New England Patriot fans we will never return to this establishment.
4	I love this place. Food sucks but drinks are cheap and strong. Much better than santizi's!
4	not a bad local bar .... friendly people , decent food
5	Fun and friendly place that's close to my house. I would recommend this place as a good meet spot because it's not too loud inside
4	I'm not much of a drinker so I can't comment on the beer selection. I did have food- hummus and pita- okay, nothing much to it. I was at the bar, so I received good service from the bar tenders. Crowd was great. The place rocked, especially when goals were scored. The atmosphere was the best part of the bar, although no soccer hooligans were in my section, just polite friendly dudes. Lots of TVs and restaurant area with tables for larger parties. Downstairs and upstairs sections with bars and more TVs. Close to MSG and Penn Station if waiting for a train and in need of sports fix.
