5	Gave me a free chicken biscuit once, always good food.  Very friendly staff and a GREAT CONDIMENT SELECTION!  take advantage of their dippable ketchup packets and Texas Pete or Tabasco for hot sauce plus several other sauce options.
3	Love chick-fil-A but I ordered 2 chicken sandwiches and only got 1 today. Luckily they didn't charge me for 2. Guess it was just miscommunication still love this place though. Seriously Chick-Fil-A sauce is a gift from the Mormon gods.
5	Exceptional ... truly exceptional.  Even the general manager was working the drive thru window. during the lunch hour.  The food is always outstanding.  I had the spicy chicken sandwich and peppermint shake.  I wish they offered spicy nuggets.
5	Good service.  Food is good too.
5	Was on vacation, heading off  to the ocean, wanted to get a lure at Bass Pro Shops, saw this restaurant and decided to find out what all the hoopla is all about.  I ordered a spicy chicken sandwich meal replete with the waffle fries. I had never had either.  I had never been in Chick-Fil-A, either.  The lady behind the counter told me she would bring me my order.  Okay, that's a twist, a fast food joint bringing out your food. I guess not the only one that does that, but far and few between.  She arrived with my order but not my cup of coffee.  She pointed over to a coffee pot - my bad, didn't see it, thought she was bringing everything to me.  No, no, she says, I'll get it for you.  She went and got the next size larger than what I ordered and brought it to me.The chicken sandwich was absolutely delicious.  Wow type of delicious.  The waffle fries were good, too.  I kind of like my fries a bit crunchier but they were tasty and they certainly can hold the ketchup in those waves that are created in them.  The restaurant area was immaculate.  It was an "experience" in itself.  I'm definitely going to start frequenting Chick-Fil-A more often.
1	Yuck.  The worst I have encountered.  I could not eat.
5	I love Chick-Fil-A and this location is no different. Employees are always friendly and restaurant is always clean. My whole family loves it.
5	Love the food
5	Great service, super tasty food. My favorite is the classic chic-fil-a sandwich with the carrot salad and the waffle fries. The chic-fil-a sauce is great for fry dipping. Their shakes are tasty too.
4	Chick-Fil-A is soooo good, yet sooo full of hate.  If they were to get into fisticuffs my stomach would beat my brain.  Until my brain wins this battle my stomach will keep choosing Chick Fil A. I'll keep eating your delicious poultry but how about you stop funding hate groups?  Pretty please?
5	Always great food when I come here, but the amount of service and appreciation for their customers is what has me coming back. The customer service displayed by everyone, but Shane in particular, is unmatched by any other fast food restaurant I've ever been to. Somebody introduce this guy into management. I work with management at a fast-casual restaurant in Scottsdale and I would love to have him on my team. Every visit has been worthy of 5 stars.
5	I always wonder why more fast food places, especially major chains, don't offer Wi-Fi to their customers in this day and age. Who are these CEOs? I eat fast food as little as possible; but let's face it, when you're on the go and you're hungry, sometimes you have no choice. What brought me to Chick-fil-A? Wi-Fi. Why I will look no further next time? I have never received such service at a fast food restaurant in my life. Highlights: Wi-Fi, USA Today, they bring the food to your table, the staff are all competent and friendly. Some quotes, "the straws are going to be right behind you Mr. Kellar...have a seat anywhere and we'll be right with you." "Here you go sir, do you have everything you need?" and the reason for this yelp, "Can I get you a complementary refill while you work?" (as she cleans my table mind you). Are you kidding? Where am I? Isn't this fast food. Props to the team at this location and to Chick-fil-A. Some CEOs know what they are doing.
4	YUMMMMMM IN MY TUM!Amazing chicken and Lemonade!Try the #5 12 piece. I know it sounds like a lot but believe me if you get the smaller portion you will wish you had the 12 piece.
5	These guys have got it going on! Two people PHYSICALLY out in the drive thru during rush periods to help take and expedite orders. GREAT JOB!
4	I think the chicken that is used is fed crack before processing, because it is that tasty.  I hate using the term moist, but this chicken is uber moist and tender.  UGH..moist.  But there are not any other words suitable to use in place of moist.  Hmm a few synonyms for moist - Clammy, oozy, drippy, dank.  Thankfully Chick Fil A's chicken isnt  any of those.  If it was, we'd have a problem.  I guess I'll have to stick with moist.  Shudder.  lol The waffle fries are awesome, especially when dipped in Polynesian sauce.  And to quote Jules from Pulp Fiction..the diet lemonade -  "a tasty beverage".  The Customer Service - EXEMPLARY!
5	Though just a chicken sandwich.  Chick-fil-a does it right. Perfectly cooked and nicely flavored this food is enjoyable to eat. The restaurant is clean and efficient.  The staff (waited on by Tony) was very friendly, courteous and prompt. I recommend this spot. Thanks for reading.  The Bike Chaplain
4	When I used to work near Dobson & Main in Mesa, I come here at least once a week for lunch.  I love their spicy chicken sandwich and the waffle fries.  I always upgrade to the biggest waffle fries size they have, because they are just THAT GOOD.Everyone who works there are very polite.  Everytime you said thanks or thank you to them, they will always say "My Pleasure", it's like that's their saying, "thanks for eating here and it's my pleasure to serve you".  That's just great.  You don't hear many people say that anymore.Stop by and try it if you have never had their food before.  You won't be disappointed.
5	I go here ALL the time. Everyone is super friendly and the food is always delish!
5	Great service! ...... Food is excellent. ......... ... .   ..... .  .   .......... .    . ..  . . .   ... .  ................   . .
5	My baseball team went here for lunch. They claim the hottest fast food employee in the nation works here. It's worth taking a look. #GPH
