4	Visitng friends in Mesa we all decided to try something we couldn't get in Atlanta.  My Big Fat Greek Restaurant did not disappoint.For starters we had the Flaming Feta, which aside from the fact that it's a dish that's served on fire was very tasty.The El Greco Calzone was huge but fantastically good and I was so disappointed I couldn't finish it there.  Your stomach says you're full but your tongue wants more.  My boyfriend enjoyed the gyro and we took mad leftovers to the hotel.Unfortunately we didn't get a chance to go back, but I'll definitely remember this for next time.
3	My Big Fat Greek Restaurant is an Arizona chain restaurant with plans to expand outside the state.I must say this upfront---this isn't truly authentic Greek food.  Sure, some of the expected dishes were there such as the flaming saganaki, spanakopita, baklava, galacktobouriko,  avgolemono soup, etc. but there were also some Italian entrees, club sandwiches and burgers.  The latter are not things found in a more authentic Greek restaurant but the advantage of them being on the menu is that those who don't like or want Greek food can find something to eat.We were quite pleased to see avgolemono soup on the menu.  So three of us ordered it and were very disappointed.  It would be a perfectly fine soup if it was called chicken soup but that wasn't what we were expecting.  The soup only had a very faint lemony flavor.  One in our party said that by adding some ground pepper it seemed to bring out more lemon flavor.  It did---to a small extent.Three of us ordered marinated chicken breast (which is considered a "heart healthy" dish).  It consists of a grilled boneless, skinless chicken breast which we all found to be overcooked and dried out.  The sauce, which was lemony (unlike the soup) helped in that regard.  Also, it came with roasted lemon potatoes which were flavorful (why couldn't they do that with the soup?), sauteed vegetables and what appeared to be a saffron rice.  Surprisingly, the rice wasn't all dried out!One person ordered the stuffed peppers.  After he gave his order, the waitress came back to tell him that there was only one stuffed pepper left.  (I can understand that if we came near closing time but we were here for an early dinner!).  He was given the option of adding part of another entree to his dinner.  Instead, he said to just give him the one stuffed pepper.  The restaurant gladly accomodated him and charged him less for the dinner.  He did like the stuffed pepper and said it was flavorful.  Also, he thought that two of them would have been way too much!For dessert, two of us decided to share a piece of baklava.  The filling tasted like baklava filling should taste but the phyllo crust---not so.  A good baklava should have a crispy, flaky crust and be drizzled with honey.  This crust was not flaky or crispy.  Plus there was no drizzled honey.On the plus side, service was excellent and the place was kid-friendly.  In conclusion, if you go, don't expect a truly authentic Greek dining experience.   Go with reasonable expectations and you will do fine.
4	So, this was the first time I had ever been to this restaurant, we went there for our 2nd wedding anniversary.  I was impressed that they offered me water!  We were seated at a great booth away from all of the action so that we could enjoy our food and cocktails.  We ordered the All Meat selection and it was wonderful.  I will go back here again just for the ambiance and the great service.  Our waitress earned her tip and the food was very good.
3	Sometimes you just feel like a gyro and it isn't the easiest thing to find in this area.  If only there was a Daphnes around!  Even though I wasn't in the mood for a sit down restaurant, I wanted to give it a try.  Went in for lunch and it wasn't busy at all, which isn't a great sign.  I was a little disapointed in the interior.  Although it was clean, it looked really old and outdated.  On the plus side, the menu offered a good selection.  Of course, I had the Gyro plate and was very impressed.  It satisfied exactly what I was looking for.
5	If you are looking for Greek food, I highly recommend this place. The food is cheap and tastes excellent (I definitely recommend the Aegean Club with the salad, and some sun dried tomato hummus!). Plus my most recent service experience was definitely one to remember as I visited with two people who had never eaten there before, our waiter was very knowledgeable, friendly and very accommodating to my guest's need for an MSG free food item. I can't wait to go back!
3	Good quality Greek-American food.  Nice helpful staff.  Clean and pleasant atmosphere.  I have gone several times and have been pleased each time.
3	This was our first visit to My Big Fat Greek Restaurant, and overall we were all very pleased.  We ordered the the flaming cheese (not sure on the name) for appetizer.  It was okay.  We then ordered the Meat Platter which had rice, chicken kabob, lamb chops, gyros meat, and other goodies on the platter.  It was enough to food all four of us, fairly priced, and even had some leftover to bring home!  The whole platter was tasty, especially the lamb chops which were my fave part.In summary, good food, okay service, good prices.
1	my friend and i went to this place and they couldn't even get a simple burger made right. i mean really how hard is it to make a well don e burger. they had made it twice and both times it was pink in the middle.
4	Wonderful falafel pita wrap. Fast and friendly service, even during the Friday night dinner rush. The waitress was very attentive to my vegetarian diet, which was nice. The falafel was crispy and the pita was warm. Someone in my party had the beef, which was flavorful and very good.
4	I have gone to that Big Fat Greek in Chandler mall a few times; and the food was good - ambiance was ok but it is totally different from the location in Mesa.My boyfriend and I went on a Friday night, we had a restaurant.com certificate; figured we would give it a try. The service was exceptional, we ordered the meat lovers platter as well as the trio appetizers ( 2 types of hummus and baba ghonoush). The food was really good - a lot so we definitely had a lot to take home. At the top of the hour the entire wait staff got together and all danced around the restaurant to a traditional Greek song - we really enjoyed seeing that as well as how engaging the staff was. From the sagi noki (flaming cheese) and the dancing - felt like you were part of the family and really enjoyed the ambiance.The reason why it is 4 stars; most of the wines on their menu were not available but other than that this would be a perfect place to entertain family, friends or out of town guests.
4	Ok... my second Greek food review of the night. I went here with my husband and some friends the other night and the food was really good. The service was good... I was expecting a little better atmosphere for a such a large sit down restaurant in such a prime location.  It was pretty tacky in the decor and a tiny bit worn around the edges. It does have a bit more than Greek food on the menu, but let's be honest folks..."authentic" food from anywhere in the world almost always translates to strange, bland and/or even un-sanitary. Also truly authentic food doesn't sell. Travel down to Mexico and see how much you enjoy authentic Mexican food. Not the tourist places, the real stuff. It's good Greek/American food. Not great atmosphere. Pizza is delicious.
5	We come here 2 to 3 times a month. I love the chopped chicken salad and their lamb dishes are awesome. The kids like the pizza and pasta selections and my wife loves the schwarma. Their sandwiches are great too - the chicken parm sandwich is wonderful.
5	Best greek food in the east valley. The service is always great and the food is always good. The portions are HUGE for the price. Excellent all around.
4	I like this place I am Greek so I know what home made Greek food from yia yai tastes like, I had the gyro dinner it was good but the lamb meat was a little dry.  My wife had the pastisio which was tasty but a little greasy Greek patatos were good but needed a little more lemon on them...all in all I like it there oh and the flaming feta is great.
4	First I have to say I am greek and I have been to Greece a few time's. Then also to add I am a chef. Well came in for drinks and to go online and talk to friends back home. The staff here were so nice . Had the pita and hummus as a snack. Well after such a fun night drinking just had to come back with the family for lunch. We started with a mixed Appetizer plate that was very good. The Dolmades was just like my mom made them , ok bit better. I had the lamb chop's and they were cooked on the rare side just like they should. I do not even need to say how great the roasted potatoes were. The staff for lunch GREAT. The boy that waited on us with the same last name as the owne,r but he said he is not family was great. The bartenders here aslo sweet and nice. Came back tonight for drinks again and more food.
5	My husband and I ate here last week using a Restaurant.com certificate.  It turned out to be SO good.  We had the Gyros Pita since we both love REAL gyros and we were not disappointed.  Having spent many years living in the Chicago area I am used to Chicago's Greek Town so kind of expected to be disappointed.  Loved it.  And the rest of the menu looks very interesting.  We will definitely return.  My only complaint is that they only had 2 handicapped parking spots and we had to park quite a ways from the door which is not fun pushing a wheelchair.  They need to add a couple spots.
1	My mom and I are regulars at this location and tonight was just horrible. We love the greek cobb salad and we both ordered it but had some specifications for each one. Both came wrong. They took them back to fix it and it looked like stuff was thrown off the one and put on the other. The waitress came over and asked us what was wrong and we told her it looked like things were just thrown on it. She offered to remake them. We said okay. After 20 min we got our salads and the chicken and pita that are normally warm were cold like they were from the other salads. The manager came over 15 min later and acted like we were lying. She brought hot meat (which was not even the right kind) and said she saw them remake it which was a lie. We go in there at least 3 to 4 times a month but they will never see us again. The manager didn't even apologize and acted like we inconvenienced her to come to our table.
2	Please keep in mind while reading this review that I am a complete wimp when it comes to spicy food.  I enjoy felafels and have gone around trying them at various restaurants in Arizona. The felafel meat they serve here, is not that bad compared to several other places.  However, I can still tell it came from a box as the waitress confirmed.  And it was too spicy for me.One of my favorite foods in the world is Tzatziki sauce because it's so cool and soothing with that delicate taste of cucumber.  Today I found out it's the American style Tzatziki sauce I like and not the salty authentic Greek kind because it was, yes you guessed it... too spicy.  Maybe it's the same for the hummus because it had such a zing to it, it burnt my tongue.  It tasted like spicy chunky ketchup with lots of ascorbic acid added to it.  But, hey... this is America.  I don't like the Mexican food down in Mexico either.The decor was nice.  I liked the dark blue ceiling with white fans and all the Greek looking details they added in throughout the restaurant.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  The prices are reasonable.
3	Service was good. Food was ok. The mouska was tasty and eggplant cooked well, not over cooked.
4	Visited 5/28/12...This was a whim on Memorial Day Weekend. It was very quiet.  Which means quick service for us.Had the Gyro Platter.  As appetizer I recommend the Greek Fries.  Also the Flamming Feta.  I did have a side salad.  Disappointed that it lacked the olives that would make this better.Dessert, we had Flamming Baklava.  Yep, that did it..I have been to this chain several times.  Never had a bad meal.  Great for lunch too.  Sill the best Gyro I can find around.
2	I was not a fan at all.  We went because kids eat free after 4pm.  They also have happy hour which made a combo hummus plate and a cocktail pretty reasonably priced.For dinner I ordered what the waitress recommended... the spanikopita with roasted potatoes and sauteed vegetables.  The spanikopita was okay.  It wasn't bad but I wouldn't go to the restaurant and pay $10 for it again.  The roasted potatoes were terrible.  A weird mushy texture and a funky lemon flavor.  I hated the the perfectly fresh vegetables had dry italian seasoning sprinkled on top.  Ick!
4	This is a must if you are looking for something a little different than the traditional american fare. My family and I went since we had a coupon and we heard good things. Well what we heard didn't do it justice since the food was hot, fresh, and mouth watering. We've been back many times and this is one of the places my kids choose for a special occasion and where my wife and I go for a great date night.I strongly recommend the Greek Fries, Tyrokafteri and Lamb Souvlaki. I have had nothing that I can say I was dissappointed in but I will update if I do.The prices are reasonable but I would say try to it out with a restaurant.com coupon if your not sure and go from there.If you're not wooried about the coupon or price this is a must do for a nice evening out.I doubt you'll be dissappointed.
4	Always good stuff
2	On 10/23/2012 my wife and I went for dinner and our experience was below par. This restaurant chain is one of our favorites but this location has seen better days. It was nice and cool outside and we chose to sit outside. We observed the patio decor is falling apart and needs paint. The wait staff and kitchen staff were not on their game. Ordered the Greek fries as an appetizer, the fries where chewy and stale. The waitress did replace them with hot fresh crunchy fires. Ordered the Gyro platter, was as good as usual but the Lemon Roasted Potatoes (my personal favorite) were overly seasoned, basically drowning in the lemon sauce, not much roasted, more like soggy. The waitress that helped us was inattentive and unknowledgeable. We will defiantly eat at this chain again, but not at this Mesa, Az. location. My advice to you, drive to either Tempe or Phoenix we have had great experiences at those locations.
3	Food is good and customer service is good, but SLOW.
5	I've driven by this place probably a thousand times and always thought to myself, "self, you should go check that place out". Well, friends, I am happy to say, the day has finally arrived.Why, oh why, did I wait to stinkin' long to get here?? This place is amazing!!! The food is flavorful, generously portioned and the staff treats you like family. Oompah!!Here's a little tip for all of you hungry greek loving people out there, get the meat lovers platter. But, now trust me on this, you can half the size you order. For example, a platter for two will feed four very hungry,  large men, and still leave you will a take out box to go. As the menu description aptly proclaims, the meat lovers platter is a SYMPOSIUM OF ECSTASY. If you are like me, and keep saying to yourself "I should check that place out", learn from my mistake and get your booty there asap.
2	It was just ok. Didn't care to much for the hummus which really disappoints me because I believe every Greek restaurant should know how to make a darn good hummus. You know what I'm saying? But maybe it was just a bad batch.I had the chicken souvlaki meal and it was pretty good but the potatoes were to lemony for my likeing and the veggies were just meh.
2	Wish we had gone to the Chandler location, but our Restaurant.com gift was for the Southern location. Avoid the pizza here unless you really like sweet doughy crust. Be prepared for lemon on just about everything. Doesn't take long for everything to taste like lemon. Good roast on the potatoes but, be prepared for a very strong lemon taste. Although there wasn't hardly anyone in our area, the service seem slow. The flaming feta was thin and needed more heat. The general appearance is outdated, run down and needing a remodel.  You will enjoy the Chandler location much better than this one.
4	My husband and I go here a lot, especially for happy hour in the bar area.  It is on till 7:00 and beats all the competition around the area.  (A good selection of food on special for 4.00 ea and inexpensive beer and sangria.)  The staff is always friendly, nice and helpful.  The surroundings are comfortable and we feel the food is good quality and very tasty.
3	Did you know that these restaurants are franchise establishments?  I was just told that by a restaurant broker last week.  I don't know for a fact if that is true, but in thinking about it, it could be true since there is some variability between them.I went for lunch here yesterday and liked it.  We had a very friendly, knowledgeable, and efficient guy as our server.  He did an excellent job. My friend has the Spanakopita plate and I had the gyros plate.  These plates come with rice or potatoes, veggies, and pita bread.  Being on the Atkins Diet again, I did not want the pita bread or rice or potatoes.  I also wanted to add the side order of Greek salad.  The server said he could substitute a Greek salad for no additional charge for me if I did not want the pita bread, or rice or potatoes.  The salad was huge and very tasty.  And they gave me a lot of slices of Gyros, more than I expected.  So I was very satisfied with the servings and the pricing.My friend said the Spanakopita was good too!
3	Went for lunch again yesterday.  Had a restaurant.com certificate to use.  So I had the Greek salad topped with gyros meat and my friend had the Greek Salad topped with grilled chicken.  Both of our salads were very good and tasty.  The portion size was also excellent, and I am a big eater.  The prices are fair, but with the certificate, this lunch was a steal!  I like this place.  It is smaller than the other franchises but more cozy.  And both times we have been here, our servers were knowledgeable, attentive, and efficient.  Good establishment IMO!
5	Hands down, one of my FAVORITE restaurants in the area. The food is so flavorful, the portions are big and worth it. Like Carolyn H said, the meat lovers platter is awesome, and will leave you with leftovers for days..its 19/person but Well worth it. The service is awesome, the waiters are nice and attentive. We  went the other night and we were the last table there, and our waiter didnt make us feel rushed at all, he even gave us a 10% discount for being his last table of the night. My favorites are the meat lovers platter, the lamb chops, gyro meat, the grape leaves with lamb and the greek salad Really great establishment. If you havent tried it yet, get your butt over there!!!!!!
5	I love this place. I always thought that I wouldn't enjoy Greek food, so I tended avoided My Big Fat Greek. However after my cousin's wedding we decided to go here for lunch.We started off with a trio hummus appetizer, and it was delicious. It came with warm pita and a generous amount of each hummus dip. A word of caution though: The Garlic Hummus is very garlicky. We liked it, but I don't think everyone is as insane as we are when it comes to our love of garlic. I got a chicken souvlaki with a Greek salad for my side, and it was amazing. Not to mention the meal kept me full all day. To end it we got an order of Baklava to share and I could've eaten the whole plate. I haven't been able to go back since then, but needless to say I keep thinking about it haha. It's a must for those of you who like Greek food. For those who are unfamiliar with it, be prepared for the high amounts of garlic and onion in your food. It's not so much that it's bad, but if it's not something you're used to, you could be a little thrown off taste-wise. The lemon potatoes are as they say, lemony, so keep that in mind too. But please order the baklava. That is something you won't regret. I hope this review helps!
5	First time to this place and the food was better then i thought.
4	I love this place. It has all the ambiance of the Parthenon. There is Greek music in the background. Someone bring out a flaming dish and everybody hollers "Opah". The Gyros are some of the best that I have had anywhere. Try the humus. You won't be disappointed.
5	I just moved into Arizona from Michigan about 2 months ago and I have been craving a good Greek salad:0/ coming from Michigan, I'm used to having coney islands a huge abundance of greek salads and so many types if greek dressings at least 3 to 4 per city... Not here:0( It's about a half hour drive doing about 80 the whole way, but my big fat greek restaurant in mesa is worth it:0) I went twice once w/ a friend and my daughter and second with my husband and both our kids... Both times around 1pm and it was excellent both times! Great $5.95 lunch specials!! Both my friend, my husband and I ordered from this menu and we were totally satisfied! I ordered the chicken sandwich, plus cheddar cheese and a side of mayo with the Greek salad and it is huge and delicious, they have all you can eat soup and salad on the $5.95 and alot of other options:0) their Greek dressing is nice and creamy...so good... My son actually put some of their greek dressing on his chicken sandwich and loved it:0) the saganaki was good, but my friend thought it was a Lil salty, but I like a Lil salty so I loved it! The waiter and waitress that took care if us were good both tines and the place is clean and nice! I'm definitely happy I found this place! Plan on coming whenever my family & I get the craving!
5	Always good food and great atmosphere.  Victor is one of the best waiters I have ever had- on the ball and genuinely cares about his job.  Highly recommend.
1	Humus is so simple to prepare, how do you mess this up so tragically????  What was it?  30 cloves of garlic, no salt and bean paste?  I took ONE bite.  Yep, twelve hours later and I'm still and I mean STILL burping that abomination.  The "lamb" flatbread wrap, or whatever in the name of god you people are calling this thing, was nothing more than under seasoned, cheap pork.  And I got a side of French fries that were prepared sometime last Monday.  Really?  French Fries?  Holy God.
4	The lunch specials here are a steal! For $5.95 you have several different options to choose from, including gyros, chicken pitas, and an all-you-can-eat salad and soup option. I chose the salad and soup and one plate was more than enough since they pile on the portions!The choices today were avgolemono or lentil soup, and Greek or Caesar salad. I went with the avgolemono (chicken lemon) soup and the Greek salad. The soup was very thick and hearty, with a strong lemon flavor, packed with rice. I could taste small bits of chicken in the soup, but after a while, I got tired of the strong lemon taste. The Greek salad was very nice. It was lightly dressed, and had lots of toppings such as (feta?) cheese, with a single olive on top.Service was good, and our fountain drinks came in a gigantic plastic cup. We came as a party of 5 and they had no problem doing separate checks for each of us. I'll definitely stop by here again for more cheap eats for lunch!
2	Very, very bad food.Had tried this location several years ago and found the food to be bland.Fast forward to Wednesday, December 11th, 2013 and my crazy idea to give MBFGR another chance.It was a grievous mistake - Gyro had not taste.  Fries were harder then cardboard.  Even my 18 month old son who LOVES fries, spit them out.  As this was take out, the three types of Hummus were give to us in clear, plastic cups (picture smoothie cups).  Not kidding!And as the other reviewer stated, this location gets no business and I am shocked to see it still open.Moving forward, I will give other small businesses my $ and never again to these guys.
4	Stopped in for a quick $5.95 lunch.  Was not disappointed.  Portions were large, salad was crisp, cold, and just as I like it.  My wife and I certainly will go back especially for the value offered at lunch.
1	We love MBFGR, and have eaten there many times.  We took friends to this location on a Saturday night, and the result was disastrous. First off, we were seated within 10 minutes, but had to wait 10 more before someone came to the table for drink orders.  By this time, we were hungry, so when a waitress came by to take our drink orders for her partner, we gave her our food order, too.Our drinks (water only) came about 10 minutes later.  About 10 minutes after that, our waitress came by to inform us that they were out of potatoes, and what did we want to do?  What?  How can a restaurant be out of their main side dish?  She subbed in fries for lack of any other options.  We waited another 30 minutes after that (without seeing our waitress once) before our food arrived.I ordered lamb souvlaki, medium, which was terribly overcooked.  The steamed vegetables were mush.  My friend actually sent her veggies back, because hers were so mushy.  The fries were soggy and gross.  They sent out no pita bread, and we had to ask for it.After we finished our meal, we realized we'd been there about 90 minutes, and had to go pick up our kids.  We flagged down another waiter and asked for the check quickly.  10 minutes later, nothing.  We flagged down a different waitress and asked once again for the check.  Nothing.  Five minutes later, my husband walks back to the bar area and all the wait staff is standing around, watching TV and laughing.  Seriously?  He firmly asks for the check, and someone was out (not our waitress) within twos minutes.  It then took another 10 to process our payment, and at that time (tip time) our waitress FINALLY came out to apologize profusely and ask how the food was.  I will seriously NEVER eat there again.  EVER.
1	What a sad and unfortunate mistake it was wanting to come to one of my favorite places on a recent trip back to AZ. Rather than reminisce about how it used to be I'll stick to the most current debacle.1. We never got a refill on our drinks.2. Our waiter never came to check on us (that could have remedied #1).3. Our food came out COLD - not a little warm, not cool, COLD. All of us (five adults, two kids) ordered dishes with meat and not a single one was hot. Not being completely ridiculous we decided not to eat the potential parasite-feast that was presented to us.4. Upon voicing our unhappiness with the temperature of our food and lack of anything to drink our waiter, quite rudely I might add, said we'd be taken care of.5. "Taken care of" means 10% a bill where 3 appetizers, 5 entrees, a kid's meal, and 5 drinks were ordered of which, conservatively, 9% of the food was consumed.I can't imagine the problem was a busy staff since there was one other table of patrons while we were eating. Even IF they were slammed how can you serve COLD meat? On top of that you think 10% off will make up for five plates of food poisoning?I wish I would have done something I've never done before and made a big scene and walk outAre these guys just trying to emulate the fall of Greece (ancient or modern)?
1	Terrible, horrible no good service and less than mediocre food.The place was not busy at all. There were only about 6 or 7 tables of customers in the whole place. The waitress never offered to give us refills and the food took soooo long to come.After an hour of waiting and being ignored by our waitress, I asked the hostess if I could speak to the manager. She came back and said that she spoke with our server and our food would be out shortly. So, I asked her again if she would get the manager for me like I asked in the first place. I didn't ask her to talk to our server.When our server finally came back to our table she apologized in a snarky way and said she got really busy, but like i said, the place was nearly empty.The manager was nice enough and our food came out as he was talking to us, except for our pizza. The server said that she was still waiting on our pizza... after an hour! When it finally did come out, it was burnt on one side. The potatoes we ordered were extremely lemony and the vegetables were totally water logged and mushy.I will never again eat here, even if someone paid me to.
3	Based on the other reviews, I was prepared to hate this place. I was pleasantly surprised - the service was great and the food came out hot. Their tzikzi sauce is phenomenal, and the lamb skewers are really tender and tasty. However the cooked veggie side wasn't all that great (selection of veggies was average at best). Overall, I'd come here again.
1	This place has gone downhill so badly that they have fallen off the cliff!  Husband and I went on a Saturday, the day after Valentines Day. They weren't swamped......but they weren't dead, either.  Strike #1  hubby asked about beers on tap, was told that they "are under new management, and ........uh..........the manager is making changes, so we won't have beer on tap."  Hmmmmm......okay. We ordered the still-running Valentines Special, which started with the hummus trio.Strike #2 I don't know what that slop was, but it wasn't hummus. None of the trio even vaguely resembled hummus. It did, however, resemble poi. Too bad we weren't in Hawaii.Salads arrive. I have always loved a good Greek Salad. They're hard to screw up---greens, onions, olives,tomatoes, cukes, lemon juice and EVOO. Strike#3 CREAMY salad dressing?? What the --??? This tastes like Ranch Dressing with some feta cheese!Dinner arrives. The chicken and beef skewers were good. The pork was so-so. The gyros meet was good. The vegetables were overcooked mush suitable for toddlers or people with no teeth. The potatoes were so over-flavored with lemon (and I love lemon) that they made me want to pucker up.Then our included baklava came. I should maybe disclose the fact that my grandmother was Lebanese, and I learned to make baklava when I was less than 10 years old. I have made and enjoyed all different kinds, flavors, methods, and ethnicities of baklava--some great.....some not so much.  They should be embarrassed to try and pass that off as baklava. Yia-yias all around the world are turning in their graves as I write this. My own grandmother probably cursed me even eating this. THIS WAS NOT baklava!They slapped some layers of phyllo dough on a sheet, didn't butter between them, dumped some sludge of honey and chopped walnuts on there, and topped it with more unbuttered phyllo. It was an awful mess. Then, the most absurd part:  they served it on a bed of whipped cream, drizzled with honey. My grandmother will be haunting me in the weeks to come, I am sure.It's really a shame. My Big Fat Greek is the place that brought Greek food to the Valley, and made it mainstream. They have lost sight of their vision, and are trying be like every other mediocre chain restaurant. We won't ever go again
2	Maybe I should give this place another chance but am a little skeptical.  We never saw our server after we got our food. Had to go inside to get our check.  I guess the food was ok--not sure what I expected--but didn't find anything to write home about. It was very plain--you get only what you order:  no sauces etc.   I want to try Greek again--but not there, probably.
4	I've seen these around for a while now.  Several locations.  Well, we ended up with a restaurant.com certificate for them.  So...time to try them out!The service was reasonably good.  We were seated quickly, and a server showed up not long after.  We started with appetizers.  There was a craving for calamari, and so some was ordered.  It was good, but I didn't like the dipping sauce.  I prefer the marinara used at Buca.  We also got the hummus variety bowls.  The hummus was really good.For the main course we ordered gyro and souvlaki.  Both were very good.The menu also features stuff I don't associate with Greek (like burgers and chicken parmesan), but either way it's a good variety of choices.Next time we'll have the flaming cheese dessert.  :-)
1	Had a terrible experience at this restaurant tonight. I ordered lamb souvlaki with a small Greek salad, Mom ordered the spinach pie. We ordered two cokes. Waitress was very sweet, brings the cokes and a "salad" which consisted of lettuce, two cherry tomatoes, a few small bits of cucumber and onion with parmasean cheese on top. No Greek olives, no feta cheese. I ask for some Greek olives, waitress brings me 4 olives. Twenty minutes later we get dinner. Mom's spinach pie looks like a burrito with some cheese and chopped tomato on top. I'm Greek and we couldn't figure out what it was. We taste it and it's pretty good. Waitress brings me lamb chops which I didn't order. I tell her that I ordered the lamb souvlaki and she just looks at the plate and says "oh". Then says I should eat the lamb chops while I'm waiting for the souvlaki. I cut into the lamb chop and it's RAW. I mean RAW. I point this out to the waitress, she says "oh". Takes it away. Another 20 minutes later I get my souvlaki. The lamb is so tough and grizzly that I can't even chew it or eat it. I tried 6 different pieces, not one of them made it down my throat, I spit them all out. I show it to the waitress and at this point I'm starving and ready to leave and get dinner somewhere else. She suggests I order something "quick", some gyro meat on a plate with some rice and a side of hummus. I agree because I'm desperate. Two minutes later she brings me out the plate. It did have a lot of gyro meat on it but it was literally dripping with grease. I picked up the meat on the fork and grease literally dripped from it. I was so hungry I ate some of it anyway. The "side" of hummus was in a tiny cup, about a teaspoon's worth. I kid you not. The "rice pilaf" was rice that has some puree'd carrots in it. I didn't finish dinner but Mom and I decided to box it up and order a slice of cheesecake for dessert to split since I was still hungry, having barely eaten anything. We order the slice of cheesecake, waitress comes back and says they're out of it. We get the check, they were nice enough to take my dinner of the check but in looking at the check they charged.....ready for this? SIX dollars for a Coke! That Coke should have come in a gold glass. We've taken this restaurant off our list and won't be going back. I'm sorry to say that because there are very few Greek restaurants in this area and I'd like to be able to have Greek food once in awhile, but I won't go back to this place. The only "grease" in this Greek restaurant is on the plate!
1	I was a bit disappointed, as I had been excited to try this place out for a while. We were seated in a corner booth and the walls around us were visibly dirty. The server, though friendly and attentive, was pretty clueless.  I told her that our daughter had a peanut allergy and if I could see the food allergy menu.  She had no idea what I was talking about.  When we asked if there were any items that have peanuts in them or were cooked with peanut sauce or peanut oil, she said the hummus.  While it sounded strange, we didn't say anything at the moment.  Later when she brought our food, I asked if the hummus was really made with peanuts or maybe she meant chickpeas?   She said she had to ask the kitchen and get back to us.  Overall, our food was okay, but nothing great.  As food allergies are becoming more common and some are potentially life threatening, such as a severe peanut allergy, I think it's important that the staff is more knowledgeable and better prepared to handle questions about their menu.
3	Food was great but the service was slow. Never offered refills and took about 10 minutes to flag someone down to seat us.
4	We had a nice meal here. Our waiter was great.He was very attentive and visited us often. I don't understand why others have written about poor service.
5	Great food great service. Seriously come see karl, amazing server. He'll take care of you!
1	If there were a rating for NO STARS this place earned it!!!! I have been to this location before and the food was good. However, I came in on a Saturday afternoon and it was a complete 360! The lemon chicken soup lacked lemon and chicken. I swear the meat was pulverized and it was loaded with carrots. I ordered spinakapeta it was burned on the outside and COLD inside. Have no idea how that happens. I was extremely disappointed with the food and the service and won't be back.
4	What a difference a couple months can make. We had put this restaurant on the "No Way" list after a couple consecutive bad meals and slow service early this year. Had almost gotten used to almost no cars there until today and WOW, the parking lot was full so we decided to try lunch and sure glad we did. We loved the one in Chandler and after it closed we even went all the way to Scottsdale looking for Greek Now we have OUR Big Fat Greek just up on Southern again. All cleaned up, attentive waiters, and fresh, fresh, fresh food! Lunch menu isn't huge like some places but the servings are large, the salads crisp and the meats tender and flavored just the way we like them. Our friends from Utah will be glad to hear we have a really good Greek place back again.
4	New menu. No longer My Big Fat Greek Restaurant. Lots of changes. Several favorites are gone. Will write more after checking out the food.Ordered beef & chicken slovaki. Beef was not as tender. Had lots of cooked zuccini, some lemon potatos & 3 pita slices. Chicken was good.
5	FYI, This used to be the Big Fat Greek that we had stopped going to! It is now the Pita Kouzina and is right at the top of our weekly visit restaurants and it will be yours too. The food is delicious, the portions are large, the service fast & friendly and the new owners, Noel & his wife, are delightful. The dolmades are the best, you will want to double order these. Regular fries are excellent, wish I had of ordered the Greek fries. The muscles are large, fresh and very tasty. If you love beets and salad, you will want to order the red & golden beet salad. I always as for dressing on the side and we weren't bashful about ordering a second serving of the pita. My gyro was perfect, my wife's spanakopita was cooked perfectly and could have had just a touch more cheese. Our daughter loved the kebab. If you love potatoes, this is the place for you. We can't wait until our Greek loving family - friends visit so we can take them to our new Best Greek restaurant.
