3	At its best the Bristled Boar is a great place to go with friends for an after-work drink or three, and maybe a game of pool or darts or just watch the game.  At its worst it is the epitome of a townie joint.  I've seen both over the last five years.  When I first visited the Boar it was a dive.  My college roommate had a job tending bar and we would from time to time take up his offer of free drinks in return for keeping him company.  The barstools were often filled with the usual regulars, drinking under a thick pall of smoke.  There is a certain charm to dive bars and I'm sure for some the old Boar had it, but not for me.  Fortunately the owner completed renovated the entire bar, and this happened right about the time I moved out to MIddleton.  In place of the dingy walls was stylish wood paneling and tile floors instead of linoleum.  The ceilings were raised and the ventilation was improved, and while it can certainly still get smoky my eyes don't burn anymore.  There is a sand volleyball court out back and bar leagues during the summer.  The jukebox is relatively standard, but there are a few gems tucked in amidst the usual country & hard rock options.  The regular crowd is still around, but a good deal more young people can be found at the Boar these days.  Some nights are vibrant and fun, some not so much.  I can't say that I've tried much of the food.  I know from my old roommate that there is a small grill in back, which was added during the renovation.  The Emil's pizzas are good as always.  All in all the new Boar is a complete improvement over the old one.There are still a few things that keep the Boar from being my favorite in Middleton, namely the tap selection.  I am a beer snob and proud of it, so when the only local tap option is Spotted Cow I call foul.  I can't think of another Middleton bar that doesn't have at least one Capital tap, or at least Esser's Best.  What really seals it for me is sometimes the Spotted lines aren't even clean and the beer comes out flat and a bit funky.  Another complaint that I frequently have is some of the bartenders know next to nothing about proper drink mixing.  It is usually the same bartenders that act put upon to even mix a drink as opposed to just grabbing a bottle.  Some of the older bartenders are very good, but you almost have to know the schedule to avoid the others.
3	I just went there for drinks with friends this past week (either Weds or Thurs, I can't remember which right now).  They had an excellent drink special--$2.50 Absolut mixers.  Woohoo!  It's an odd place.  It's got an "up north lodge"-kind of vibe in one part of the bar; wood paneling  complete with a boar's head with glowing red eyes.  The other part, I *believe* had a different theme without wood paneling and a linoleum floor with a pool table.  There was a volleyball court outside.  The crowd was a strange mix of middle aged drunks and skanky-dressed younger girls.  Overall, I have nothing against the bar, and would go back if I was at my friend's house again.
4	The Bristled Boar!! Just the name in itself is a sign of class.  With its Barn like exterior, and its huge Boar's head are signs of a true Townie bar the town of Middleton can be proud of.  As you walk in, the open area for the pool, Foosball, and darts is a nice area separated from the bar allowing proper game play and competition. Also the boar's Juke has a very nice display of music including some of my personal fav's Shinedown, System of a Down, and Hinder. The bar also has an interesting array of  patron's for the true elderly drunks that have been attending this place from their mid 30's to those of the younger ages just looking to throw a few to many back. It allows for many interesting interactions making an evening here very fun!! Agreed with other reviews the beer selection is limited but they do have a descent array of hard liquors especially my personal favorite WHISKEY!! The prices from my one time stop seemed reasonable and the drinks actually had some liquor in them instead of just soda or water. I have yet to try any food or enjoy their volleyball courts but would recommend that anyone interested in a townie atmosphere with the possibility of some excitement to give the place a try. I know I look forward to taking some of my friends to this place to get their opinions of what I like to call Middleton's Best Townie Bar!!!
3	Not gonna lie....Its a dive. But its the lesser of the evils of the surrounding bars(Club Tavern and Branch St. retreat are much worse). The bar is usually not packed they have a decent selection of tap beers and almost always have decent drink specials. I was there a few weeks ago and the special was Jameson mixers for $3.50 on a Friday...not bad.Overall if your in the area its worth stopping at but nothing spectacular.
4	I have been a fan of the Boar for several years. They have a great staff and atmosphere.  Customer base is a good mix of young and old. A great place to chill with friends have a drink and play some bar games. They have darts, pool, touch screen games and volleyball.
4	Nicer than I expected. Great place for trivia. Very good fries.
1	First off,I feel I am friendly and easy to get along with, but this was the worst "bartending experience" I have ever encountered! [It was Thanksgiving Eve 6:15 in case the owner/manager might read this]. Either I was 1] not a regular or 2]a bother. NEVER again!
4	Free tacos for packer games!  free touchdown shots!  great prices calm atmosphere
4	I knew I had to check the place out as soon as I saw the name in the yelp app.  I was impressed by the large interior and overall layout. It was pretty tame when I was there, but after looking at a few of the pictures, I can tell that this place gets pretty wild. Awesome. I had a nice conversation with some locals and enjoyed a few local brews that were a perfect end to a long day. So next time you're in the neighborhood, come check this place out and give a nod to the stuffed boar head on the wall, it's seen a lot more action than pretty much everyone.
2	So the Boar, as we affectionately call it. It's good for a lot of things. Darts, pool, Tuesday blues night (live blues band!), fun times, decent beer, waffle fries, and fried cheese curds (if you don't mind the sort that come from the freezer). The food? Not so great. It's not so bad, but it's just not that good.I think everything is frozen at this place. Everything. We had pizza there the other night and I could taste the freezer burn. We still had a blast, but it would be nice if the food wasn't so obviously frozen. Everything is ordered from the bar, which is fine but a little weird.There isn't too much to say about this place other than what I've just said. I'll go back because my friends at work like it, but it wouldn't be my top choice. There are definitely other places that can fill my dart needs while providing me with at least decent, non-frozen food.Sorry, Boar - the truth can hurt.
4	This place is actually pretty neat. I loved the Boars heads on the wall and the old western type feel to it. The drinks were really good, well made and strong but for some reason I really enjoyed the food. For being bar food it was actually pretty spectacular. Any drink ya like at a cheap price and some cool stuff to look at. Whats not to like? They got big TV's and fast service. (eBay style) A++++++++++++ Great Seller!!!!!! Will do business again!
4	Definitely a place I could frequent...nice and open and live blues music every Tuesday night.   Be sure to check out "Blues and Brews"
4	My friends and I stopped here for a few drinks for my birthday. Bartenders were very attentive and made all our drinks to order. Prices were pretty good.  Atmosphere was unique as if it was a log cabin, tv's were everywhere, and plenty of options for pool and darts. It was a fun place to hang out for the night. Would definitely go back again.
4	Waffle Fries!!!! Nice rustic log cabin atmosphere and great outdoor porch. My first time here was the Badger/Arizona game last Saturday night and we had a blast with friends. I'd definitely go back.
5	This place is so clean! Love the smoking area. The food is absolutely amazing!!! It is not JUST BAR food it is really great! The staff has always been very friendly as well.
