3	FYI this is a motel 6Not a bad place to stay.  The rooms are nothing special. Bathroom is a bit small. If you're on a budget this is the place to stay.Proscheapwalking distance to downtown glendalestaff is friendlynear Camelback Stadiumnear Westgate CentercheapConscracks in the wallcracks in the bathroomdripping pipes in the room (seriously)small bathroom
1	Look, I know what (not) to expect from what is actually a Motel 6. The rooms themselves are so-so for the price range, but the service is TERRIBLE.I booked my stay online, and it was a WASTE OF TIME. The first receptionist (albeit a sweetheart) was absolutely clueless that such a process even existed. Ignoring the small deposit, with the summary of the remaining balance listed in the online confirmation I had her read, she had no record of any reservation made. Despite being charged a small portion of the night's charges already, my remaining balance was ignored, and I was charged the full amount."You don't need to make reservations; we're pretty much NEVER full", she said. This is important.My room was a bit lacking in basic bathroom supplies, so when I returned to the lobby late that night I was blown off by the second receptionist. "We don't keep any of that here", she said sternly, moving on to the next task*. EVERY hotel and motel I have ever been to (read my reviews, I go to a lot) keeps items in or near the lobby. This is unacceptable, even for this chain.Oh, and by "next task", I mean telling two gentlemen there were no rooms available whatsoever, despite the fact there were still openings online and the previous staff member acknowledged the facility was no where near capacity. So basically, there is complete ignorance of the online booking function, an absolute disregard for basic hospitality, and at worst, the unethical practice of straight up lying to potential customers to deny service. Never coming back.
3	Hi everyone This is place is now Great we are under new  management and doing renovation all the new rooms will be ready by 15th october, 2014.We will have all rooms with new furniture and equipments. We will have selected rooms available for pets and smokers too. Kindly visit us on www.motel6reservations.com property 4666 Glendale, AZ for your hospitality needs. We will gurantee you our new staff and newly renovated rooms will meet your expectations.For reservations call 623.939.9431G.M Motel 6
