5	We have been going to this particular Home Depot since 1989. The customer service in every single department is top notch. Specifically, we had an issue yesterday where we needed help immediately with our vehicle. We had run over what we thought was paint on the freeway. Several employees grabbed different products off the shelves, along with some rags and headed for the parking lot. They worked on trying different solvents to find one that worked. While working on it, they realized it wasn't paint, but instead, roofing epoxy. So, once they discovered what worked to remove it, they donated all of the supplies to us so we could go home and finish the job! We are so grateful to Albert and his team for all of their help yesterday. We knew we loved out local Home Depot!
1	Home Depot use to have a very lenient return policy.  And I know, there were those who took advantage of their good will.   Today, the good will is gone.  I attempted to take back two garden hoses that had life time warranties.  I had receipt and original packaging.  (Original packaging said life time warranty). Home Depot informed me that I'd need to take it up with the manufacturer.My choice, go to another discount store and buy a hose for half the price home spot was selling garden hoses.
1	TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE HERE!!! THE EMPLOYEES ARE AWFUL!ONE EXCEPTION- PAM IN KITCHEN. She was a dream! She helped us design an island lay out in a snap and actually listened to what we wanted and what our style was. She even threw in a few ideas that saved us a lot of headache without being asked. That is where the good news ends. After getting a boatload of cabinetry and paying, we try to rent a truck. We have rented from lots of places and have rented from other depot locations. The moron in the tool rental area tells us that he needs a phone number from our insurance office to call and ask about our coverage? Well dude, it's memorial day weekend... it's monday. No one is there and I happen to know that this is not the policy of the HD, since we have NEVER had to do this before. we have a valid driver's license, we have full coverage insurance. Gimme a truck!After a very frustrating time, we are told we cannot rent a truck. I call uhaul up the road and they are willing to get us a truck, no hassle. We approach a manger and ask if we can push our cabinets (The only ones in stock at this store) aside while we are gone for 10 minutes to get a uhual truck. We are told no and that we must return everything and if it sells while we are gone, tough beans. SERIOUSLY? I tell my boyfriend to go and get the truck and I will wait by the cabinets. A LARGE MAN IN AN HD APRON approaches me, (a female), and tells me that I need to move my items. I tell him that I did not put them there, that the employees who pulled them down did and I am not able to moved hundreds of pounds of cabinetry myself. He just leaves. After we have acquired our vehicles, we struggle to move all of the cabinetry into the trucks while SEVERAL HD employees horse around and watch us, the customers, moving a bunch of product. While we are waiting on one last vehicle with ONE SMALL CABINET LEFT, One guy finally decides to ask if we need help.NO THANKS BRO! WE GOT IT!!!! FIRRREEEEE THHHEEEEMMMM AAAALLLLL!!!!! MORONS!!!!VERY DISAPPOINTING!
2	I go for the garden area, so that means I enter and exit the garden area. Now what I don't understand is their garden gates don't open until 8 a m, regardless of the season.   In the Spring and Summer months the seasonal  annuals and perennials out front are frequently dry, wilted or dying.  Isn't there some sort of job requirement like the most basic garden experience required?  Dried up, over watered plants, plants that have been grown in a greenhouse or a climate unlike ours are put in direct sun and fried to a crisp.  And these people are supposed to be a source of information when I have questions about a plant or planting something?!Can you tell me why the overhead watering system is turned on when entry gates are opened.  Especially when the gates don't open until 8?That folks is how most Home Depot garden centers seem to operate.
2	The people in the garden center have no knowledge about what they are selling. I asked numerous questions and received no information. Frustrating to say the least. I'm tired of shopping for plants in Arizona and not being able to find native or drought tolerant plants. They mostly sell pansies and other annuals and plants that cannot survive our summer (do you know anyone in this part of AZ who grows gardenias?!?)This is not the place to go for native plants that will survive and thrive in Az.
4	Not too big, with very friendly helpful folks!
5	This Home Depot has very helpful, friendly employees. As I was walking around the store, every single employee I passed smiled, said hello, and asked if I needed help. It also doesn't hurt that they had the trees I've been looking for at Lowes and Home Depot stores all over town for over 2 months!
5	We received excellent,  attentive, personalized service by each employee we encountered.  We recently moved to the area and had a variety of needs, from curtain rods to a BBQ grill to a new exterior front door. It was a great shopping experience. Specifically,  Bruce, Melanie,  and Tom were patient and stuck with us until we made a decision.
4	Something has taken over me and spread to my friends.  I've gotten into this do-it-yourself and become useful phase of my life that includes home and garden improvement (and a bit of prepping).  Luckily, this Home Depot is not too far from my AZ place so I get to go in and check things out... a lot.  Sometimes, in the store, it's hard to find help.  They're pretty good when you do ask questions, though, and usually have what I need so that's fine by me.  The best experience I've had at this Home Depot location though was today when I called in to find an item I'd seen there.  After I was transferred to Lawn and Garden, I got ahold of Steve.  He was so nice and patient, helping me find the item I needed, though it didn't show in the computer.  It turns out that though I'd seen it only a couple of weeks before, it'd been on clearance and they'd recently put it away.  It was also unsearchable online.  Lucky for me, Steve found the product, more help, and then he and Scott text me pics of the SKU and box description.  That was so awesome and what I feel is above and beyond.  Thanks, Scott and Steve!  See ya there. :-)
4	We have 2 Home Depots within 1 mile of my. House. Use this one because of the staff. Extremely friendly, helpful and knowledgable of products.   This store is smaller than the other HD but it is easy to get to and plenty of parking. Use HD mainly because of their 10% discount for veterans.
