4	3.5 rounds to 4Being that this is new and supposed to put Tropicana on the map for a hot spot to go to, I'd expect a lot more out of a Las Vegas club.  +Super nice and clean bathrooms! Don't forget to tip the attendants!-Only one room.  If you don't like the music, you're stuck.+Three bars with plenty of bartenders+A few gambling tables!!!!!!-High minimums for those tables+View of Nikki Beach+Friendly bouncers (shocking, I know)Do not get me wrong, I had a good time, during the WTF Grand Opening party, but this is a very basic club.  They had a few kinks in the lines too, but it was their grand opening, so I will give them a break.
2	Came here on the advice of a promoter named Jerome, who did not communicate with us that the open vodka bar for girls ended at midnight and that wristbands or tickets were not required. Upon arriving at 11:30 PM, I got in no problems, and my friends and I waited around for Jerome to find out about the wristbands or tickets we thought we were getting. He stopped responding to texts and phone calls as soon as I told him we were in.My friends and I stood around the mostly empty floor which was filled with 80% men also standing around looking awkward and tried to enjoy the modernized decor of the club. It had a clean modernized feel, like Virgin America, like an iPod, like Windows 8. There were some pole dancers too.Right around midnight, I did what I probably should've done right when I got there. I went up to the bar and asked if there was an open bar. They told me there was, but I just missed it by 1 minute, and sorry they could not give me any drinks, and drinks start at $13. What, I wanted water? Sorry, no tap water, only bottled water, and that starts at $8.WTF. I could go to Tao or Lavo and get open bar for an hour, or at least a couple free drinks. Another promoter told me that clubs make most of their money on tables, so they should always have good promotions to get you inside the club in the first place. Upon not hearing from Jerome the rest of the night, no free drinks, and the club being pretty lame and empty despite their effort in making it look cool, we left shortly after midnight. What a waste of makeup and effort.
5	So I've been here when it was Nikki and just went last night to RPM. Honestly if you are looking for a mega club this isn't your place. RPM is a smaller more intimate venue. Which is nice cause you aren't getting pushed around in a massive crowd. And as a girl I appreciate not being in a crowded grope fest. The Decor is nice, clean, and modern. The staff is really friendly. The bouncers aren't cocky cave men..you know like at most clubs "Grunt.. move along! GRUNT GRUNT." The staff smiles and dances and looks like they are having fun. Bottle service here is much cheaper than most places in Vegas so this is a good place to go for that. I think  as soon as summer hits the day club/pool will be a great place to hang out. So if you are looking for a classy, clean, intimate venue that is a little more low key then this place is awesome.
2	One day you're in, the next day you're out.CLUB NIKKI got the boot because "they failed to meet a "net income." Their white party was pretty hot, but it was all downhill from there. RPM is IN now but are they doing any better? IMHO, hellz no.MUSIC: Donald Glaude and Judge Jules were headlining the night we went. WTFridays have featured other DJ's in the past such as Bad Boy Bill & DJ Dan. To be honest, they're "has-been" DJs--old school EDM. But hey, I'm not going to complain. Music is the one thing this place has going for it. RPM is still finding their niche. That's probably why  this place has Sean Kingston and The Situation hosting events here. Different days will appeal to different crowds.CROWD: The club is small. Think Rio's Crown "theater." So why is the dance floor half empty with tons of wiggle room.  It looked like the HipHop/R&B fans got lost in an electronic club. Visually, the crowd was dressed quite poorly. The people who stay at the Trop (a very old, very run-down hotel) party at the Trop.GOGOS: Every dancer was dressed differently. NO THEME. I highly doubt they have a costume designer here. The girls were decked in feathers, raver outfits, punk costumes... no cohesion between them whatsoever. They weren't particularly attractive and none of them can dance. The least they can do is hire good looking girls who can pump up a crowd. One of the dancers busted open a glowstick on me. Needless to say, I was pissed.GAYFRIENDLY?: There was a male dancer in a zebra-print spandex bodysuit, a pink tutu, and a gas mask. He was on a swing similar to that of Moulin Rouge launching confetti out of glittery tubes. Take that how you will....DECOR: Nice! Club Nikki's beach-themed mess is gone and covered in ALL WHITE. The clean, modern decor reminds me of Pure. Definitely an upgrade.DRINKS: Our first round of Goose & Redbull and Crown & 7 was $18. The second time $30. These bartenders are idiots. The table was cheap. 2 bottles of sky for $500 on a Friday.ENTRANCE/COVER: WTFridays & Industry Wednesdays are free for all locals (for now.) The lines were dead empty at 11:30pm. Walked right in, no crowd.I don't expect anything great to come out of the Tropicana. Its another old / has-been casino that's trying to survive. RPM is a step in the right direction. But management needs to #1 market better, #2 get a solid concept going, and #3 brush up their employees. The old-school EDM is good in concept, they just have to work on the execution...Don't forget to RATE & FOLLOW! ;)
3	Hmmm.. the conclusion on this place is still out..  came here last friday night with some buddies after watching Steel Panther.  The club looked nice (all white) with a modern look, although it was small.  The dj they had that night was good (played some house music) which drew a decent sized crowd, but by no means was it packed.  In hindsight I wish I would have worn the button down shirt to get into Marquee since it had tons of hotties there.
4	Stopped in hear one night, was pretty fun.The music was good, and through a Sky Vodka promotion that night girls got free drinks for an hour which was def a plus. They did have a 5 min Michael Jackson interlude, complete with look a like dancer and all which was pretty entertaining lol.If you want to go here for the night make sure to get your self on a list or find one fo the promoters in the hotel to get a free pass!
2	For the love of Jesus do not let every McDonald's lovin' girl rocking her muffin tops get up on the small stages and dance!! Kept trying to enjoy the cute go-go's but my line of vision kept getting interrupted by "why yes, I WILL supersize my value meal today!".  Not cool.  Looooved the two girls who looked like twins doing the mirror image pole work.  Very acrobatic and fun.  Layout of the club is good, and liked having room to move around.Good if you are on a budget or are meeting friends who are.Very efficient doormen, some of the best I have ever seen.
3	I didn't have high expectations... i mean, it's the tropicana. But i actually had a lot of fun here! the music was good, the decor was cool, and there were lasers and glow sticks and dancers in funny costumes. It didn't seem to take itself too seriously compared to other clubs in LV
3	RPM Nightclub has been remodeled from Club Nikki at the Tropicana.  I went for the soft opening and was very impressed with the updated decor.  They took out all the "beachy" decorations and went for a clean, white ambiance.  It really reminded me of pure with all the white booths.  Great remodel :) There is a small gaming area with a bar that is 10 times faster than the main bar and a good sized dance floor.  We had a booth that was centrally located and very spacious with hidden drawers to store personal belonging out of sight.  The waitress was very friendly and stopped by frequently to check on us and make sure we had everything we needed.  The security staff was also very good and actually helped my drunk friend find her misplaced purse!The music is mainstream hip-hop, top 40, commercial house music.  On Wednesday the resident DJ Hollywood gets the crowd going.  The weekends have recently been hosted by Jordan Sparks and Mary J Blige.  Fat Man Scoop and Donald Glaude have also stopped by RPM.
