1	I went to Amy a few times and had her match a color. The was OK, but not great with both cut and color and I stressed that I did want to damage my hair and have it blond. Yet when I decided to follow her suggestions about highlighting I was very disappointed and I never go back. She fried my hair by picking a to harsh a bleach and she put it all over. I was blond with fried hair again. The cut was bad in that the brittle ends just fell off. Do NOT go there. There are two many pink hairdos and bad stylist who have never taken a class on color since 1979. If you wear capri pants, are fat and wear keds, you might like this place. If you want style and healthy hair stay away
4	Need a break for the stress's of your life? I have the best combo for you...facial and massage at Roni Josef! I have been addicted to this combo for over 2 years now and always see the same two girls. Kristin for massage and Stephanie for a facial. YOU MUST SEE THEM! They are AMAZING! Also, check for specials. I just got both 1 hour treatments for only $95 for their birthday special. AWESOME deal! They usually have something running at most times and they range from $95 to $130 for both when they are usually close to $100 each!The service is always friendly and upbeat. I always enjoy my time here.So when your yelping fingers need some R and R get down here and let these ladies pamper you....
4	Came here for my eyebrow waxing & saw a girl named stevka (not sure if I spelled it right) but she did a great job! & I got 50% off for being a first time customer! Then today I called because I wanted to get my hair done asap & they got me in right away.  I was a little worried that i'd get a crappy stylist cuz it was so easy to get an appointment but I was wrong.  As soon as I walked in everyone was super friendly & the receptionist introduced me to Courtney!  I have always dyed my hair black, but I want to go to my natural light brown so she gave me partial highlights & is going to work with me over time to get it back to natural without stripping it & damaging it!  She did a great job on my highlights & even styled it super cute & even tho she squeezed me in she still took her time!  & she was so nice & talked to me the whole time, which made time go by fast!  When I even made a comment about me being hungry she went to the restaurant next door & got me food while I was under the dryer!!!  & to top it all off they gave me 50% off again for being a first time hair salon customer!  This place isn't super cheap, but it's not expensive either; its very decently priced.  It would have been about $150 for cut & color, which is a good price especially for what a great job she did!  Their products are a little pricy, but you get what you pay for!  I highly recommend this place, especially Courtney!
3	Purchased a groupon for an essential facial for $40 whereas the normal price is $80.  My therapist was Stevka, and as far as aesthecians go, she was definitely competent and knew what she was doing.  As far as the salon goes, I was slightly disappointed.  Twice during my service a fuse was shorted and Stevka had to get up from my facial to go reset the breaker.  Additionally, I've had many a facial in my life and they all included a hand massage with the obligatory shoulder/neck massage and sometimes even a foot massage is included.  Not only did this facial not include that, but there was zero scalp massage either.  She seemed to do a good job with the extractions, there was little to no pain at all, but the product she used immediately following the extractions smelt awful!  Overall it was a nice experience, but I wouldn't say I was immensely relaxed or impressed.  Seems like the salon needs some updating and they need to go a little above and beyond to wow their customers.
3	Visited this Salon and Spa for the first time today for a masage by Tia, which was okay, and a facial by Stephka, which was probably the best I ever had. The power shorted out about 4 times during my visit but other than that, it was a good experience. When I was finished with my Spa Treatments I asked the front desk if there was anyone available for a quick manicure and lucky for me there was! Her name was Maria and she did a phenomenal job so whoever cancelled on her to make her available for me, thank you! I have finally found a new aesthetician and manicurist in the area. Still on the masseuse hunt so please keep yelping everyone!
5	OK...this review is more about the hair stylist than the salon.  I have been going to this salon for about a year but I've been going to Kevin Teitler for more than 4 years now.  He is AMAZING & FANTASTIC!!!!. A few years ago he was voted one of the top 5 hair stylists in Las Vegas. Boy is that ever true.  He's a real miracle worker.   He took me from a disastrous haircut that can be only described as Dutch Boy with Bowl on Head to a stylish cut. Even when I'm just about due for a cut, people stop me and comment on how great my haircut is. I must tell you that Kevin is extremely meticulous.  So don't expect a quick visit. However, he  always listens to what you tell him. The salon itself is always hopping. But, not in a way that makes you feel uncomfortable. Everyone is so friendly to you.
5	Emily made me look AMAZING for my class reunion.  She was quickly knew what she was doing.  "Sexy and I know It" became my mantra.  Thanks Emily for making me beautiful and feel very young.
