1	Dont waste your money!!!!Im about to go to my last treatment this Mth  and still I have some that is growing back.... After 18mths of going back and forth... The only thing is that they are thinner in some areas that im getting treated but it just did not seem to work very well on my face witch is the most important !!!!and  don't see no in prove meant at all..... It seem since you can't  wax or anything besides shave it looks like I got some thicker on my chin and I had like 2or3 to begin and now there's more.... I ask if shaving can do that but of course they said no.... Not very happy at all I work in sales... where my customer are close to me and definitely make me shy about getting close or giving eye contact ....My under arms all it us that it grows slower and thinner same with bikini area too.... Some what I guess better then be for...is almost done paying it off after like 5,600 and I would hope they do some thing about this..... Also ask them if any came back after the full treatment and they said had only about one come onetime. And every time after your treatment I believe you pay 40 every time... Not sure if its even worth it.... I'm better off buying from  LIVING SOCIAL DEALS!!!! If they can keep treating me till its 100 % gone ill be happy and would pay that all over agin.... But till then I would not waste not even a penny on this company.... They made me feel so convince that it was never gonna grow back since they also said it work way better on dark hair versus blonde.... Well they where very wrong!!!!!
1	SCAM ALERT!! I wish I could put zero stars. My wife was told at her free consultation that she was an ideal candidate for laser hair removal, so she signed up for the full Brazilian treatment. Originally it was supposed to cost over $200. We got it down to $100 a month, but over three years. Six months into her contract she was told that she has a lot of blonde hairs that they wouldn't be able to do anything about. So basically our $3600 is being put towards nothing. When she talked to Ideal Image about it, they just said "A contract is a contract." Unbelievable. They have been reported to the Better Business Bureau and hopefully will clean up their act soon or shut their doors forever. Either one. Ideal Ripoff.
1	I would highly recommend anybody stay away from here.They rip you off big time.There are multiple companies around the valley and around the country that do the same work for sometimes 1/10 the price.I plan on reporting this to the BBB and I will never use them again.Between my wife and I we spent over $7000. My wife got her Brazil and upper lip done. I got my happy trail, my nipples, and my neck and cheeks. For 3500 at simplicity laser I could've had my whole body lasered.I learned my lesson and from now on I will be going to simplicity laser instead.
1	Ideal Image lies and writes long contracts to protect themselves.  After 2 years, I still have hair growing in the treatment area.  I still have to shave every week and they will not refund and you can not sue.  It cost me 1000's of dollars.  After the ninth treatment you have to pay more for more treatments even though the hair should have been gone.
5	I received botox and fillers from ideal image and they did an awesome job!! my lips look amazing and are full, but not blown out like you see some people.  The staff is friendly, professional and very knowledgeable.  If you want to get botox or fillers, this is the place to go!
5	Ideal Image actually worked! I have tried 2 other hair removal facilities with no results. Ideal Image was a little more pricey, but definitely worth it. I also had the best service from the sweetest girl, Raquel. She made me feel so comfortable every time i went in for a treatment, and is amazing at what she does! Two thumbs up
