5	My family uses this library consistently and our experiences have been very good.Great children's storytime, movies once a month on Monday nights in the multi-purpose room where you can bring a picnic, Halloween and other festivals for kids are excellent.Book hold/reservation system is excellent and serves me well.  Checkout staff is usually very good.Children's library staff who run the children's desk and handle the children's story times and activities are excellent - high praise for them.Friends of Henderson Libraries is also a very good and active organization to support the HPLD, they usually raise significant funds for this library and put on very good events, i.e. Library Tree Lane, book sales, other events.Great community resource and seems very well used by residents.
5	It is worth noting that I started using this library for books, stories, puzzles for my child, and coming here has increased my own time spent reading.  I now keep a long list of books that I write down based on seeing or hearing about books/topics that interest me, and am more prone to have 2-3 books going at the same time - and it has been fantastic.  It is community resources like this that need to be supported and preserved.  I made the plunge and joined the Friends of the Henderson Library District just for this purpose.
5	One of the best libraries I have ever been in.  Lots of nooks and crannies to read in, a huge picture window (about 20 ft tall) to look out as you sit in comfy chairs to read and a great section of the library that has books and resources on genealogy and heritage research.
5	Love this location. They have a coffee shop in this location, but don't expect Starbucks. I usually compare all libraries to the West Charleston location and I would put this location in the #2 spot. Its clean, they have a good amount of cpu's, a lot of private study spaces, and they also have a genealogy and heritage section. They have an extensive dvd section to rent from, free WIFI, and the best is their self checkout station.  The one part that I do like is in the Nevada books section. The area has big chairs and huge windows that lets in natural light. It doesn't feel like a library in that section, its my favorite section of the library to read in.The library is in close proximity to the Henderson Pavilion, Henderson Multi-generational center, and the Henderson Police Station. Its one of the best libraries in the valley. Very clean, but it does get crowded with teens after the schools let out.  So, try to avoid the library from 3-5. Don't forget to check out their events board. The have quite a bit of free book reviews that my nephews have attended. Aloha and Enjoy.
5	When this library first opened, it was the most beautiful one in Las Vegas. Today, it still is one of the better ones because of how well kept it is. The staff are friendly and helpful. The children's department puts together some wonderful programs including a teen's time on Thursdays. Throughout the year, they put on special events and gatherings that are fun and exciting for the family.
5	This library is very nice. Very clean, good location, and they have a coffee shop right inside the building. Every thing is organized. If your in a hurry you could get in and out quickly. There is plenty of parking. The staff are helpful. It is perfect for studying, nice and quiet.
4	As frequent Las Vegas vacationers who prefer to bring a laptop with us, we check our email accounts at the local libraries several during our two-week stays.  The Clark County libraries no longer allow non locals access to their computers so usually visit this branch of the Henderson libraries.  We have never had a problem finding a computer to use.  They library also has a large used book selection for sale at discounted prices so we usually pick up 3-4 to during our stay.
5	Great library!  How can anyone not love a library that has a snack bar?!?  Perhaps, I am overly in love with this library because it is where I studied there for the NV bar and passed.  Again, I have been to most of the libraries in Las Vegas and Henderson.  Here are the things that make this particular library great:snack barFood and drink allowedQuiet places to studyLess quiet places to hang outOMG-have you seen the view from the "reading room"?  Need a few minutes to contimplate life, staring out the floor to ceiling windows will help, I promise!Great kids area-puzzles, games, computers.  (my husband even got hit on there, which is totally funny to me!)Henderson hit a home run with this place!
5	Best library in Vegas
5	Oh My Goodness...Libraries have evolved so much, totally in line with technology.  Yep, I was super amazed how techy they have gotten.  I went straight to the front desk, the staff directed me to a computer to register for a card.  Trees saved, yes!  then after I click submit, he handed me my cool strong plastic library card (1 credit card size, and one for the key ring).  Then, when I picked out my book, I just scan my library card, then scan my book.  A receipt is printed with the day my book is due.  There is also a nice, small and comfy coffee shop so right when you enter the library, you can smell the coffee aroma.   I love this library...I forgot that instead of paying for a book that I may only read once, I can check one out w/out a fee!  Thanks to Debbie N to remind me that some things in life are free...
5	A library nerd's dream place.  I love it. From walking in past all the community events boards, the yummy snack bar, the frequent cheapo used book sales ($2 for a whole bag of books....heck yeah!!!), the people at the circulation desk are always smiling, the computer equipment is fast and reliable and there is plenty of room to spread out and study or work.  It is probably the most efficiently laid-out library I've ever been in. Plus the reading room is AWESOME.
2	Libraries aren't what they used to be, are they? They aren't so quiet, and their hours are shorter now that people can conduct research online from home. How do you keep people coming? You have to compete with places like Starbucks to give people a reason to come and hang out.  This library has a cafe, like many libraries do now. It's a cute little area where you can buy beverages and snacks and small lunches.  The library seems a bit older, with furnishings that could use a little updating, but what's most important for most patrons are the literary offerings, the comfort level, and ease of studying. Can you sit for hours? Are there enough plugs?  My group reserved a small meeting room and plugged in our laptops for an afternoon meeting.  We were able to use free wifi, which is to be expected at libraries these days.  Signing up for a new card took a couple of minutes.  The meeting room was barebones basic. We noticed that we stuck to the grimy, wooden chairs, which was pretty gross. A good cleaning would help this place out.
4	Not your typical library. I don't live in Henderson as is, but figured getting a library card might be useful in the event I want to pick up a quick read while I'm in the area for the farmer's markets they have in the same pavilion area.It's not your typical library because this one is very open. While it is slightly smaller than most of the bigger libraries in Las Vegas, the openness of this one was strangely welcoming. I love how registering for a library card takes less than 5 minutes here, and it's all done electronically! I've noticed their computers are top-notch for their services and are updated to the best processors possible, and there's quite a variety of DVDs and audiobooks I've found at this location compared to the more locally used ones in Las Vegas.The best part is their selection is great because there isn't too much of a general flow through this library. I've found several copies of books to be easily requested and found at this one because it's not one of the bigger libraries in Henderson (from what I know at least, and from what I've seen thus far)My favorite Henderson library to date, where I can get away to find some great reads!
4	Though we are non locals, we are allowed to have computer privileges which we use frequently while on vacation.  There are a sufficient quantity of computers so we never have to wait.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.
4	I've studied here a number of times and never regretted the choice. It's not the biggest place but it's in a nice part of town and it is well kept. The staff here is friendly and happy to help you with any issues you may have. One major draw to the place is quite obvious from the moment you enter-- they have their own little coffee shop that stocks various goods. They serve Illy coffee and some decent bagels if you're in need of a snack.  There is a reasonable amount of space for studying if you need a table for books and the chairs are somewhat comfortable. Occasionally, an inconsiderate person may talk at full volume but a couple of steely glares is usually enough to correct this problem. The best feature however is probably the quiet reading room. The sofa chairs are old but comfortable. And the large window provides plenty of welcome sunshine and a nice view of the outdoors. Everyone in the quiet reading area seems to understand the concept that it is a quiet area...which is nice.This is a good place to study if you want the option of having a coffee but don't want to be guilt tripped into paying for one if you're in a cheap mood. Cheap studiers...I have found a solution for you. Come to the library.
5	always here for school, and I love this library. They have a cafe which is a plus!
4	Over the course of our 14-day vacation, we stopped in several times to use the internet as well as purchasing a few used books.  As non residents, we are allowed to use the computers which are quite numerous, but not borrow books.  On our first morning in town, it was raining heavily so we decided it would be a good time to go to the library.  I was surprised to find the rain pouring off the ceiling (see photos).
5	Definitely one of the best Henderson libraries! It's a bit loud sometimes, but there's study rooms to use if need be. About 40 computers or more to use so no need to reserve one unless you need one right away or its busy hour (Bob Miller Middle Schoolers come here after school).Other than that, the staff is quick and pleasant!
5	I love this library and so do my boys. Computers are plentiful and staff is always willing to go way out of their way to help. They are very knowledgable and actually shocked me when they told me where I could find a book I was asking about. There is a cafe right as you come in the door and from what I have seen, not overly expensive. I wish they had longer hours, but it seems that libraries are a dying breed due to kindles and what not. I prefer to hold my books, not a mini computer so I will keep frequenting this library.
3	Pretty average library but it does the job.I don't really check out books so most of this review is based on using the library as a study spot/computer lab. There really isn't anything stand out or impressive about the library, and on the flip side there really aren't any glaring issues either. Its small  library located right behind the Green Valley Recreation center - note: this library is NOT on Paseo Verde despite its name, its actually about a block down from Paseo Verde on Green Valley Parkway. I noticed a lot of young kids and children coming here thus this isn't that quiet of a library. Many of the computers are taken up by kids playing games, but there are usually plenty of openings. There are 3 study rooms which are almost always booked up - if you want to use them make  reservations. Fortunately there is plenty of study space, the staff is friendly and helpful and the restaurants/shops across street are a nice plus. Don't expect too much.
5	best library ever...clean, good programs, pretty inside, and the cafe~!
5	Excellent service. The Gals in the young reader section are always helpful and go out of their way to locate any material we need.
3	This library has such a large range of children's books that we love to check out. There is also a toddler area that is closed off with puzzles, a felt board, magnets and animal models. It is a sweet place for toddlers to interact with one another.There is a toddler story hour on Wednesday at 10 and 10:45. You need a ticket to get in and the 10 feels up really fast. You can tell the librarians put a lot of thought and planning into the storytime. There is usually a theme of stories that include songs, flanned board activities and a coloring worksheet. Unfortunately, the librarians are not friendly at all:( I was hoping my toddler could build a relationship with the librarian, or that they might make suggestions, or that my toddler would get excited when we see the librarian. The librarians are not enthusiastic.  I have been to story hour now 6 times, and I just keep hoping it gets better. We have been to other story times where the librarian is excited to be around the kids and is animated and giggling with the children. Librarians are suppose to help establish a long lasting love for literacy and reading and it is hard to get excited about story hour when the librarians lack enthusiasm.Furthermore, this library has an excellent program as all Henderson libraries do. It is called Storytime To Go. There are great kits that contain three books, a flannel board with 5 pieces, and a CD. They can be checked out for a week. They also have journals with a story and matching animal that goes with the story. These kits and stories are kept in the children's room behind a locked door.   There have been several weeks when I cannot bring my toddler to story time so we go at a different time. When I ask to check out a story time kit, there is ALWAYS a sigh, an eye roll or a comment about. "we will unlock it this time but if it busy we won't". This has happened four different times now. The last time we went, there was only one other child in the children's library and one of the librarian said that it was up to someone else if they were going to unlock the door for me. She was talking to another librarian about Christmas decorations when I asked her to unlock the door so I could check out a kit and didn't look busy. Also, the kits need to be turned into the children's desk. When I turn it in, there is usually a sigh, groan or eye roll. I am not sure why the librarians are there. They will not help you check out books, you have to use the computer.They will not check in your books, you have to go to the front desk.The Green Valley library has a great librarian and a friendly staff but there is not a toddler area to play in. The Gibson Library has a friendly staff also but they don't have a weekly story time. They do have classes and 6 week programs. There is a fun story time at Springs Preserve. It is not a library but the storyteller LOVES the toddlers, calls them by name and talks to each one.
5	This is my favorite library.  Located close to a recreation center, police station, fire station, shopping center, state of the art outdoor amphitheatre,office buildings, 4-5 star resort and award winning parks and recreation nearby, you could not pick a better location to have a library.   the people who volunteered and work there are fabulous.  You have access to there computers, printers and copiers, plenty of kids books, references, easy access to their resources online as long as you have a library card.  Inside close to main entrance is a coffee shop, the only coffee shop in town that is inside a library so you can enjoy a sandwich, a cup of Joe, or a snack while reading a book you picked out from the library.  Did I mention they even have a reading area overlooking the skyline of Las Vegas at night.  I strongly suggest anyone to go over there and see this place yourself.
4	Just got my library card today! They have tons of online options for books and rentals... Everyone should have a library card.I rarely go to the library and stay there, but I love their online services.  You can order books or materials that you want and have them sent over to the library so you can just go and pick them up.  Plus you can renew easy or get online readers on an ipad... so easy and convenient!The staff is so friendly and super helpful!  Everything is clean and organized.
5	This library is really nice. Always has events, quiet rooms, a cafe whose food and drink the library allows you to bring in. It's really an awesome place. Also has a cute little outside area for this who enjoy to get their reading on while they get their sun on!
5	Brought my nieces here for a morning activity in the summer. I've never been to a busier library. There had to have been an event going on because there were at least 30 children there with their parents. It was so exciting for my nieces to just people watch and make new friends. When the library isn't busy, the children's section is at the perfect height for children to explore on their own. One whole section of the shelves has the books displayed with the cover facing out. Great! And, when (...if) a book does get chosen, there is a cozy spot to sit and read.
5	Best place to take the kids throughout the summer, or year round! With your library card entitles you to 90 minutes of free computer and Internet use per day. The building is clean and the staff is very nice and helpful. Just keep it down in there!!
4	Awesome library! It has a great selection of books, audio books and DVDs, a nice reading area where you can sit and look outside the windows, and a good system for holding books for you. There is no charge for any of the services and very reasonable late fees (I think $0.25/day for books). I do have one major complaint though, they are completely closed on Sundays and Mondays and close early at 6 p.m. on Fridays and Saturdays! That's really too bad. :( Otherwise, it's a great community library!
5	Just heard from Joan at the library that they now will be open on Mondays. Great news!
5	This is easily becoming one of my favorite libraries. There are always open computers and you can use them for up to an hour & half. Printing is quick and easy. Staff is very friendly & knowledgeable. Good selection of books and etc.  They also have a super cute cafe that I haven't tried yet.... But I know I will sooner or later.Staff is very friendly and always willing to help.
