3	first: the restaurant itself. some curved booths arranged in a triangle are located in the middle with pub tables on one side and dinner tables on the other. the large, u-shaped bar in the back of the restaurant is next to the kitchen. servers wear tilted kilt-esq uniforms, but connolly's are much cuter. everything is clean and new, which makes sense given the age of the restaurant. there are a TON of flat screens for sports games, ntn trivia and poker. lighting is more than adequate.now, the food. i've now been twice. the first time hub and i dined with a friend. i had the fish and chips, g had the burger and our friend had wings and a side salad. the fish part of the fish and chips was too greasy for my taste; the chips part was cold. in my imagination the fries are bomb if they're hot. malt vinegar, extra tarter sauce and ranch were provided without anyone asking =) the wings were tasty, but lacked a good coating of sauce. side salad was big and they weren't stingy on the good stuff. the burger was served more well done than the requested medium but hub said he liked it anyway and would order it again. my second experience was just hub and i. we ordered apps and beer for him, iced tea for me. the iced tea was good, but weaker than i like. the meatball app was yummy and each of the 5 had lots of sauce. the wings were again good, but lacking a good coating of sauce - next time i hope i remember to order them sloppy.on both occasions connolly's had plenty of patrons. the food was ready quickly and service was great. i saw a promo flyer that they do texas hold 'em tournaments on mondays - sounds like fun! i'm looking forward to seeing if this restaurant will "wow" me over time. i'm hoping they're just working out the kinks right now and that we're in for some consistently great bar food in the north valley.
3	we were back again on tuesday night for a little happy hour action. i was sad to see the meatballs were removed from the happy hour menu. we ordered wings and the tuesday night prime rib dinner special ($8.99) - we shared both items. the wings were saucier (without me asking!) than they were our last two visits - thanks connollys! the wings seemed smaller than our last 2 experiences though, and they were all bony on the ends .... not very appetizing looking. they tasted fine though. the prime rib was better than i expected it to be. not the fanciest cut or anything, but what do you expect for $8.99? i requested cottage cheese instead of the included potatoes, and connolly's obliged for an additional $1. no biggie. service was prompt and sweet, again. i swear they hire the nicest ladies in the area at connolly's.  i really want to give connolly's a higher rating, but the food's gotta be better for me to do it. come on connolly's, impress me!
2	Meh.  Extremely mediocre food.  Fine if you're looking for a pint or two but don't expect anything spectacular to come out of the kitchen - my husband and I have tried a few different menu items and have yet to be impressed.  It's not BAD, perse, just not memorable.  Kudos to the wait staff, they're all super nice and helpful.
3	I, like Rebecca, want to give a higher rating, but I have been there twice and my wife didn't care for it.  Irish bar/sports bar is basically a perfect mix of what I like and I thought the food was OK.  I need to go there and just hang out to watch some games sometime.  I've had a chicken sandwich that was just OK and the Wings I had there were OK as well but again nothing special.  They do have Smithwick's on tap, which is my favorite Ale.  I'll definitely go back since I live so close to it, but hopefully next time I'll have a better report.
3	Environment is OK --- although if you're going to put women in school girl outfits... at least make them semi-attractive.  I know that seems shallow but if the company is going to go the extreme of enforcing the plaid skirt with white blouse unbuttoned for cleavage show as the "official uniform" then please make sure it doesn't come with a spare order of muffin top or thunder thighs.The food is pretty good but the drink specials and the beers on tap are less than mediocre.  I go here when my friends do and wouldn't go if it were up to me...
4	I've been here four times and I'm digging it!  It's so far up north that it's a nice break from the 'watch-your-rear" Westgate thug-a-dub-dub-gangstafied crew.  If I were a gangbanger here I'd be throwing it up for the NORTHSIDE (carefree highway, baby).Never had a real meal here but I've had plenty finger food and a few troughs of alcohol!  Finally a bar that has darts, pool tables, and yes, occassionally beer pong.  I do have to disagree with Chris T's POV on the women in the Scottish skirts....c'mon dude it's women in skirts, bro!  Heck, I'd take a semi-hot girl serving me beerski's over a dude any day!The outdoor seating is fun, nice televisions outside and usually a good crowd.  It's a good mix of people.  It's a biker-friendly bar but you will find all types here and everyone seems to get along.  The only thing I don't care for is the setup of the mens bathroom.  It's set up so that when the door opens, anyone looking can see the mirror, which looks right at whoever's throwing a whiz.  If you're up this far north, it's definatley worth getting your drink on.
4	Been here a few times and thought it was pretty cool. It is a nice stop up in the Way North end of town. There is not a lot of places to grab a bite & a drink out there in the wee late hours of the night. Lots of HD TVs and the music is pretty loud after dark.
4	Best bar in BFE north Phoenix/Anthem for Sunday football.Tons of large, HD flat screen TVs showing every game. Get there on time and you should be able to find a seat where you can see every game you want to watch.Sunday breakfast is mediocre, but cheap. Never been to a sports bar that has good breakfast anyway...  Lunch/dinner items are a little better than your average sports bar.Decent selection of beer.Good service.
5	Me and some friends recently went to Connolly's on a Monday night.  To our surprise, it was Karaoke night but, not the normal Karaoke ... The crowd was so much fun and the owners made us feel right at home!  The host was a blast and made all of us in the bar feel like life-long friends!  We sang and laughed all night!  The drink specials are awesome and the food was amazing!  I guess they have nightly specials so I would check it out online to see what each night offers ( www.connollysgrill.com )  We will definitely hang out there again! I've been to a lot of bars but, the owner usually isn't around and if you are not part of the normal "click", then you're not welcome .... NOT this bar! The owner was there and made everyone feel like family.  What a great way to do business! Good job Connolly's!!!
3	Great place to hang out on a Sat night when you don't feel like being around a bunch of kids. Nice mix of customers, friendly staff.Steak from here was surprisingly good...really good. The pours on the drinks are nice and DJ keeps a good mix of music to keep the crowd going.
5	Nice higher end b&g. No riff raff, an outdoor seating area and the female staff is very easy on the eyes!!
3	We came here on a Monday night not expecting much of a crowd, but it turned out that it had a lot going on! There were people of all types and ages there; it really is a welcoming place for anybody. They also had a few different activities going on (poker, karaoke, etc.)Pretty good food for the price! We had the chicken tenders w/fries and the caesar salad with grilled chicken. Both were pretty cheap and were a good size.Our server was a really sweet and laid back guy. The food came out fast.All in all, this is a fun place for a quick bite to eat with waiter service. The food is also very plentiful and good, especially for the price we paid.
4	Nice local bar.  Karaoke on Monday nights is super fun!  A nice place to go with friends for a casual drink to hang out.
4	On a Monday afternoon it was a ghost town. Our server was pleasant, but not outstanding. We had two burgers. Cooked just right & big! Loaded w/toppings. Onion rings were standard frozen bleh.Tv's were all sports and helped the atmosphere. Overall, I would suggest this place based mostly on the burgers & tvs.
4	Better than expected. Very good bar food, excellent bangers and mash! We also had the monster cookie dessert, and it was amazing. We will deffinately go back. Only dissapointment, was the fries were nothing special.
3	Wednesday night... walk thru the doors... and see a bunch of kids climbing around everything... their parents clearly not parenting their kids.  WTF??  I thought this was a biker bar? Minus 1 star.Drinks are expensive, music is good, and some of the waitstaff look like they need to get off the drugs.  I am all about having something nice to look at while I drink my beer, but... our waitress was a fail on that one for me.  I saw some others that were nice to look at... but they were but-her-face's. (everything was nice but-her-face)The food is pretty reasonable for a bar and grill.  Nice big piece of chicken... juicy, cooked well.  Salad wasn't wilted.Wednesday night was apparently a card playing night... not sure what they were playing but there was a pretty good crowd playing.
4	Great atmosphere. Went there on a Sunday for football and breakfast.  Had the country fried steak which was delish. The staff is super friendly.
2	I am a fan of Irish bars (given my maiden name is very Irish....) and am always up to check out a new one.  I happen to be in this area which is very new to me and was excited when I saw my favorite symbol...the shamrock! I went in on Christmas Eve not knowing what to expect and boy it was busy...I guess some important games were on.  Very loud but that is my fault for not enjoying the games...no stars lost were lost for that.  I notice it is not very clean..I mean it passes a quick visual but once you are sitting there for a minute you kinda notice for the area of town it doesn't really fit. I wouldn't call this a pub or even a grill.  I call it a bar.  With bar food.  Not great.  I had a burger...so soggy it soaked through the bun.  Bleh.  I say pass on by...for the price the atmosphere and food are definitely not worth it.
4	Best Fish and Chips you will ever have~! We always go for UFC Fight Night and  ALWAYS have a good time. Staff is friendly, and attentive, until it gets busy. Then you disappear in the crowd. However, I have yet to have any bad service and we go about once every other week or depending on who is fighting, every Saturday night. It is right up the street from our house, so its a nice easy drive, and a fun place with a great atmosphere. Everyone in there gets to know each other and its Nice to go somewhere that you don't have a million bar fights, and you don't have a bunch of snooty pretentious aholes hanging out. Totally down-to earth and their food is really really good! I have had a lot of things off of their menu, however, my favorite are the Seared Tuna, Beef Medallions, Any of their burgers, and most absolutely my best favorite, the fish and chips. I do not know what they do different than any other place, but holy crap! AMAZING! They tote that they have the hottest wings you will ever taste and fortunately, this is the ONLY thing I can complain about. Their wings suck! they aren't hot. They taste like they are doused in Franks Red hot. No I don't recommend them. But they do the IRISH food and drink perfectly and let's face it, Wings AREN'T Irish. So, it doesn't hurt my feelings that their wings aren't great. Check it out, relax, enjoy yourself, watch a fight or two and come with your friendly attitude because everyone is cool. Lata all, see you there.
5	Good atmosphere. Very nice staff.  Food is not fine dining but way above average for a bar.   They have good specials for dinner most nights.
3	All in all, this place is your run-of-the-mill sports bar.  TVs everywhere, tons of seats, female waitresses, and drink specials. My group went on wine Wednesday, which I highly recommend. The food is pretty good, but what really made my night, was the "jalepeno caps." Del Taco used to carry these, and I would dream of them when I wasn't in the Southwest. So thanks, Connelly's.
3	I like to go to local restaurants. I don't really like national chains. If guys invest in a community I support them.  I like this place better than galleghars  which is east on Carefree hwy. nice staff.  Food is just okay. We were there on free wing day   I didn't eat. My buddy said his salad was forgettable.  Lots of tv's.  Good for sports but by the end of the evening lots of tattoos ,skanks and bad loud hip hop music.  If you want a biker bar go up to Cave Creek and go to the Hideaway This is really Anthem. It is a suburb. But it drags in people you would expect in south Phoenix   Wanna be bad asses. And there are always two bikes out front.  They must pull them out from a garage in back
3	Good food for a good price - the service was really good as well.   This place is LOADED with TV's so that you can watch them from ANY angle and they were not too loud either!     The atmosphere can be a bit loud though if you wanted to have a good conversation... LOL but that is ok if you know that in advance!
2	This grill wasn't really for me. I went with other people who liked loud places like this, but it's not really my style. The food wasn't too bad, but the service was pretty poor. It kept taking a long time for our waiter to come back, although they were kind of busy. Still, I probably wouldn't return here.
1	Food was okay... nothing to rave about.   But the service! Oh, the service.  We chose to eat in the bar table  area... the waitress was just shamefully bad.   Ignoring tables ... getting orders wrong... but she came up to the table and proclaimed "I totally forgot about you guys ", then laughed and said that "at least I'm honest ".  That was the last straw.   We've given you several opportunities to earn our business, and you've not taken advantage of a single one.
5	The best sports bar in the area!! They really go out of their way to make this place fun. AND there isn't a bad seat in the house for the game. Enjoy!
4	Always a good crowd at night...like the big patio and music videos.
3	Food was pretty good, I'd give it 4 stars for bar fare, but my "famous" black and tan burger was well done when ordered medium, small handful of fries, no pickle or other extras just a burger and some fries on a plain old plate. Pretty good though for 10 bucks, and my son's corned beef sandwich had lots of meat (and more fries). Only ketchup on the table so for mustard had to trek around myself because server was way too busy.Service: everybody including manager looked like they just got home from their day job, didn't change and rolled in to wait tables. Sloppy dress, unprofessional serving skills, an occasional drop by to see if we were OK but certainly nothing special. Atmosphere is fun & active which I liked but service is just OK. A young, uninviting and non-smiling hostess put my group of six guys next to a baseball team of 9-year-olds which according to other reviews seems par for the course.Summary: I live in Anthem no more than ten minutes away and we have 3 or 4 places just like this right there. I don't see any reason to drive the extra miles, the place is fine as an Irish bar but nothing special.
5	Great Sports Bar! Brian always goes out of his way to make sure we are good to go! Great people , great food, Great music! Great Bartenders and even great Bouncers! Always accommodating! All The Best Bucky/Cindy!
1	Fish fry!  I heard that Connolly's had a good fish fry so my friend and tried it tonight.  When we first walked in we were greeted nicely and shown to a table right away.  Our waitress came right away for a drink order and the drinks came quickly.  We both ordered the fish fry  and it came to the table about 10 minutes later.  So far we were really impressed with the great service and looked forward to a nice meal. BIG DISAPPOINTMENT.  The fried fish was the worst I have had anywhere in any state.  Whatever kind of fish they serve it's absolutely awful.  At first bite I thought maybe the fish was undercooked because it was mushy.  But no, it was thoroughly cooked but very mushy.  We ate most of the meal and when I mentioned the fish texture to our waitress she said other people had complained about the mushy texture too.  She told us the name of the fish they use but I can't remember it now.  It's definitely not cod, walleye, perch, catfish, haddock, or any fish served at other fish fries.  We will probably go back to Connolly's sometime but we'll be smart enough to never order fish again.  BEWARE OF THE FISH.
5	Love the food!  I'm always happy with the service and the atmosphere is perfect for me.
4	Checked around to see what sports bar had the Big 10 Network, and Connely's the only one anywhere near in N Phoenix. Looked a bit like a biker bar out front with numerous parked bikes and kind of dark inside, but lot's of TVs and low light made for good viewing. Expected country music but it was more alternative, pretty loud, but excellent selection in my opinion. Seemed like a pretty diverse crowd on a late Sunday afternoon. The service was very friendly and prompt. Not a great beer selection, but did have some craft brews on tap along with a number of Irish brews. The burgers we had were excellent and so were the sweet potato fries we had as a side. I highly recommend them. I guess you could call this an Irish pub Sports bar, but pretty hard to label. A lot of TVs and very willing to put on what you want, good food and friendly service, so no labels required.
4	The staff is great, love the atmosphere and the fish and chips are the best I've had since moving to AZ.
1	Me and a coworker went there during the World Cup USA game and it was a complete mess. I worked in a bar for 8 years, and this was the worst experience ever. Waited 15 minutes for service. Waited 30 mins for food. Then another 30 minutes for the waitress to come back over and another 25 mins to pay. The TVs are too small 42" TVs are not what anyone wants to watch the game on, and they are mounted too high. The bartender was also the waitress!!! I couldn't believe that Connellys would set her up for failure like that, she could make a lot more money working somewhere that cares about her.
3	Food was just ok. Waitress was a little slow after checking In the first time. Beer was nice big but NO COLD GLASS. My wife liked the fish & chips and said they were pretty good. This was a Thursday night so the place was not that busy. We were there about 8:00.......
3	Waaaaay too expensive!!!! Almost thought about going to Azools for a minute. Food is reasonably priced. But liquor and beer is way too much for a dive/ biker type bar. Great lunch specials though.
5	Great bar!! Service & food are great.....fish n chips are a must try. The energy is always good. Michelle, thank you for the great service!!!
1	This place had so much potential to be a great neighborhood bar. What a disappointment. It's gone from bad to worse in the past 2 years. Wanna get depressed? Go here.
5	Connolly's is a great irish pub. It is a fun atmosphere with a lot of activities from pool to karaoke,  and special events. The wings are really good, and the menu has some really unique dishes. My personal favorite are the chicken cordeu Blue appetizers.  On Sundays during the football season, the owners are active and around, making the atmosphere personal and fun. Great job Connolly's!
5	This place is great!! The food was very tasty and the waitress kept our glasses full. We went there on a Friday night and had a great time. There was a good DJ and lots of people dancing. I would definitely recommend this place to others based on the service, food, drinks, and atmosphere!
4	New to the area. Wife and I like sports so we are hoping to find a sports bar we are happy with. Tried Connollys for the first time today. Stephanie was our waitress. She was great. Food was good. We really liked everything about this place except for the table in back of us puffing away on the e cigarettes. I dont like the smoke, mist whatever it is being blown on me from the e cigg smoker. Take it outside!!!I I did not see anyone from Connellys telling the e cig smokers to smoke outside. So I guess they are ok with it. Bummer for us cause we find it offensive. The search for a sports bar continues.
1	If it were to be possible to give a zero star rating on yelp based on tonight you would have received one tonight if not many times before.A ten dollar cover charge for males only on new years eve. ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! I had just walked a mile to get to this dump of a bar and at that point after finding out about the cover charge it wasn't a big deal. However let me explain why having a cover charge and not only a cover charge but a cover charge just for males is VERY stupid.I do well for myself and I have money 10 bucks is NOTHING to me however being charged 10 bucks to be able to drink at your bar? You have got to be kidding me right? The first bar/club I ever went to was in London England (maybe this make me spoiled) the cover charge there fifteen pounds. At the time I was under age the girl at the door just laughed and let me in for free after looking at my passport and just said "don't make me regret doing this". The best club I had ever been to was in San Francisco. The cover charge that night was only 25 bucks and that was only because a WORLD KNOWN respected DJ from France was spinning that night.Where you are located isn't Tempe and the idea of doing a ladies night especially on New Years Eve is not only stupid but you literally ought to be begging for business with very low drink specials. Now that I have spoken my peace on your moronic business move let us move on to service.One of your bartenders was very polite. I ask if y'all we still serving dinner she said "let me check" you were and she handed me a menu. About a minute later another bartender came over and asked me as If she hated me"do you know what you want yet?" Keep in mind I literally had the menu for a minute at most. I replied with an " i just got the menu I guess..." I was cut off with "just give me your name and i'll come back to you" again with the same attitude. At that point I closed out and decided to leave. It wasn't worth my money and more important being here was not worth my time.I am a local. I live in the area. I have had terrible experiences before here in the past. I continued to go here every few months when I get bored (that ended tonight) because it is walking distance and I refuse to drink and drive. The bars in Cave Creek are MUCH better and most of them charge nothing EVER. This bar is literally probably one of the worst bars I have ever been to in my life throughout my world travels. That says A LOT.
5	Always super friendly. Went in there on Saturday and the game was on, they were slammed. They not only were friendly and prompt, they remembered my whole crews name's! Awesome bar.
